VOLUME LXXXIV.^NO 107.
The San Francisco Call
ON THIS EVIDENCE MRS. BOTKIN WILL BE TRIED
FOR many days Chief Lees has
thrown about the B.r.kin case all the
mystery possible. When people have
ventured to wonder on what he
based the assumption that the pris
oner was guilty he has Intimated that all
would be made plain when the affidavits
he had been securing were made public.
These affidavits are now given out.
It can hardly be said, although, or
course the court ia the proper tribunal for
deciding the matter, that the affidavits
are convincing. On the contrary, some of
them are Irrelevant, others vague. The
statements of the girls supposed to be
concerned In the sale of the candy. are
wavering and uncertain, and neither of
the •'salesladies" makes mere than a dis
tant approach to an attempt at Identifi
cation. The statement of Dunning him
self is brief and indefinite, setting forth
some facts about Mrs. Botkin, but not
affirming, as expected, that she wrote the
superscription on the box containing the
poisoned sweets.
There is a showing that Mrs. Botkin
bought arsenic at an earlier date then the
purchase of the drug at the Owl Drug
Store, but this could be construed in her
favor rather than against her, tending as
it does to establish that she had a habit
of purchasing this poison. Chief Lees
puts In a lengthy affidavit of his own
tending to make clear the relations be
tween Dunning and Mrs. Botkin, concern
ing which there has been no contention.
Altogether, considering what had been
promised, the affidavits will be regarded
as a disappointment. To the lay mind, at
1 least, they do not seem to have made clear
' the guilt of Mrs. Botkin or even to have
so strongly suggested it as to explain why
she should be held a prisoner. The most
; explicit in the lot is the affidavit of Mrs.
Botkin in which she accounts for her
every movement during the time the po
l lice "suppose her to have been carrying
out the plan of murder. However, the va
: riouß affidavits or the substance of them
may be found In print, and in each reader
there inheres the right to weigh them ac
cording to unbiased judgment.
To an unprejudiced mind the most dam
i aging evidence against Mrs. Botkin is the
I similarity in the exemplars of her known
I handwriting with that of the anonymous
letters ar.c superscriptions on the box.
Kxpert K>tka has attained remarkable
succeu in" preparing for the prosecution
the many photographic exhibits that the
case has "required.
THE REQUEST
FOR EXTRADITION
The Formal Demand on Gov
ernor Budd for Mrs.
BotKin.
The papers from the Delaware officials
asklnK for the extradition of Mrs. Botkln
are as follows:
State of Delaware— Executive Department.
Ebe W Tunnell, Governor of the State of
Delaware, to his Excellency the Governor tff
the State of California:
Whereas, It appears by the annexed affida
vits warrant and certificate duly authenticated
in accordance with the laws of this State, that
Adelaide C. Hotkin. alia* Ada Botkln. alias
Cordelia Botkln. stands charged with the crime
of murder of Ida J. Deane, committed in the
County of Kent, in this State. And it having
been represented to me that she has fled. from
the Justice of this State and has taken refuge
•within the State of California;
Now therefore, pursuant to the provisions of
the constitution of the United States lft such
case made and provided, I do hereby request
that the said Adelaide C. Botkln, alias Ada
Botkin, alia* Cordelia Botkin, be delivered up
to Bernard MeVey, who is duly authorized to
receive and convey her to the State of Dela
ware, there to be dealt with according to law.
In witness whereof I have hereunto net my
hand and caused the great seal of the State
of Delaware to be affixed at Dover, this 29th
day of August, in the year of out Ix>rd, 1898,
anil of the Independence of the I'nited States
the one hundred and twenty-second.
(Seal) EBE W. .TUN'NELJ*
By the Governor:
J. H. HUGHES, Secretar- of State.
State of Delaware. Kent County— To any con
stable of said county.
Whereas. John B. Pennlngton of Dover, Del.,
In behalf of the State of Delaware, hath this
day before me", IVter L. Cooper Esq., one of
the Ju^tlceo assigned to keep the peace in and
for the county aforesaid, made oath in due
form of law that a certain Adelaide C. Botkin,
aliaß Cordelia Botkin, at the county aforesaid,
on the 9th day of August, A. D. IS9S, did mur
der one Ida J. Deane by the use of poisoned
candy and against the law, peace and dignity
of the said State. AVherefore the said John B.
Pennington prayß that the said Adelaide C.
Botkln. alias Ada Botkln. alias Cordelia Bot
kln. may be forthwith apprehended and held to
answer this complaint, and to be further dealt
with as the law directs.
Sworn and subscribed the 29th day of August.
A. D. 1898, before Peter L». Cooper, Justice of
the Peace.
JOHN B. PENNINGTON.
Forasmuch as the foregoing complaint has
been made before me in the manner aforesaid.
- these are therefore In the name of the State
of Dlaware to require and command you forth
with to apprehend the said Adelaide C. Botkln.
alias Ada Botkin, alias Cordelia Botkln. and
bring her before me, or some other Justice of
the Peace, for the county aforesaid that she
may be examined touching the. premises and to
be further dealt with as to law and Justice
shall appertain. And you are likewise required
to summon the complainant, John B. Penning
ton, to appear and give evidence relative to
the subject-matter of said complaint, and when
and where you have the said Adelaide C. Bot
kln. alias Ada Botkln. alias Cordelia Botkln.
Given under my hand and seal at Dover, the
day and year aforesaid.
(Seal) PETER L. COOPER. J. P.
To His Excellency th« Governor of the State
of California:
I. Robert C. White. Attorney General of the
State of Delaware, do hereby certify that the
following facts are true to the best of my
knowledge -and belief:
Extradition Is asked for Adelaide C. Botkln,
otherwise called Ada Botkln, otherwise called
Cordelia Botkin, and the proposed agent for
this State le Bernard J. McVey. >
In my opinion the ends of public Justice re
quire that the alleged criminal be brought to
Oils State for trial at the public expense.
I believe we have sufficient evidence to se
cure the conviction of the fugitive.
The person named as agent Is the proper per
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
son and has no private Interest in the arrest
of the fugitive.
The fUKitlve Is now under criminal arrest in
the State of California and City of San Fran
cisco.
This application is not made for the purpose
of enforcing the collection of a debt or for any
private purpose whatever, and If the requisi
tion applied for be granted the criminal pro
ceedings shall not be used for any of said ob
jects.
The crime with which che Is charged as hav
ing here committed Is murder of Ida J. Deane,
and our statutes fixing the punishment of the
sarr- Is chapter 127. page 923. revised code of
the State of Delaware. • Punishment death.
The crime charged to have been committed
In this State was on the 9th day of August
A. D. 1898. ROBERT C. WHITE,
Attorney General of Delaware.
STATE OF DELAWARE EXECUTIVE DE
PARTMENT.
Ehe W. Tui.nell. Governor of the State of
Delaware, to His Excellency, the Governor of :
the State of California:
Know you, that we have constituted and ap- I
pointed, and by these presents do constitute |
and appoint Bernard J. McVey of Newcastle
County. In the State of Delaware, our agent
to serve the requisition for Adelaide C. Botkln,
The Request of the Delaware Authorities for Mrs, Botkin.
Photo* by Bushnell and Kytka.
Address on Anonymous Letter.
alias Ada Botkln, alias Cordelia Botkln, who
stands charged with the crime of murder of
Elizabeth Dunning, committed In the county
of Kent, In said State, and who It la repre
sented has fled from the Justice of this State
and taken refuge In the State of California,
and the said Bernard J. McVey Is hereby au
thorized and empowered to receive and convey
such fugitive to the State of Delaware, there
to be dealt with according to law. And we do
hereby request that protection, aid and assist
ance may be given and granted to the said
Bernard J. McVey In the discharge of his duty
In this behalf.
KBE W. TCNXKLI* Governor.
J. H. HUGHES, Secretary of State.
STATE OF DELAWARE,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
Ebe W. Tunnell. Governor of the State of
Delaware, to his Excellency, the Governor
of the State of California.
Whereas, It appears by the annexed nffi
davlts, warrants and certificate, duly authen
ticated In accordance with the laws of this
State, that Adelaide C,« Botkln, alias Ada
Botkln, alias Cordelia Botkln. stands charted
with the crime of murder of Elizabeth Dun
ning-, committed In the County of Kent. In
this State, and It having beon represented to
me that sho haa fled from the justice of this
State and has taken refuge within the Stnt?
of California.
Now, tnererore, pursuant 10 me prcivimn.io
of the constitution and laws of the United
States, In such case made and provided, I
do hereby request that the said Adelaide C.
Botkin, alias Ada Botkin, alias Cordelia Bot
kin. be delivered up to Bernard J. McVey,
who is duly authorized to receive and con
vey her to the State of Delaware, there to be
dealt with according to law.
By the Governor: EBE W. TUNNELL.
(Seal)
J. H. HUGHES, Secrptary of State.
STATE OF DELAWARE,
KENT COUNTY.
Be It remembered that on the 27th. of August,
In the year of our Lord IS9B, personally ap
peared before me, one of the Justices of the
Peace of the State of Delaware, In and for
the said County of Kent. Thomas M. Gooden,
who, being by me sworn In due form of law,
deposes and says, that he Js Postmaster In
the town of Dover, County and State afore
said and has been for four years last past;
that on the 9th day of August, A. D. 18!t$,
there came to said Postofflce at 6 o'clock p.
m., through the mail, a package addressed to
Mrs. John P. Dunning, Dover, Delaware,
which package was placed in the Postofflca
box of John B. Pennlnston, Esq., where Mrs.
Mrs. Botkin's Known Handwriting.
John P. Dunnlng's mall was usually placed.
THOMAB M. GOODEN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, the day
and year aforesaid.
PETER L. COOPER,
Justice of the Peace.
State of Delaware, Kent County.
Harry C. Pennlngton deposes and says: That
he If 15 years old end is the grandson of John
B. Pennlntton, who is now a resident of
Dover, Del., and is temporarily residing with
his family In the said town of Dover, and hns
been since June SO. 1898; and that on the even
ing of August 9, 18SS, he went to the postoffice
in the town of Dover for the family's mail
and took from the postoffice box of John B,
Pennington a package addressed to Mrs. John
P. Dunning, Dover, Del.; he returned to
the home and handed the package to his aunt,
Mrs. John P. Dunning, to whom it was ad
dressed, and whom he found sitting on the
front porch of the family residence, together
with Leila Deane and Mrs. Dunnlng's little
daughter, Mory E. Dunning. Mrs. Dunning
opened the package In his presence and It con
tained chocolate candies of different shapes and
flavors, a lady'B handkerchief and a note con
taining the following inscription: "With love
to yourself and baby. Mrs. 0." As soon as
the package was opened by Mrs. Dunning she
passed the box around and he took a pepper
mint, little Mary E. Dunning took a chocolate
tablet and Leila Deane took a piece of some
kind. Mrs. Dunning also took some and ate
It. Very soon thereafter Mrs. Ida H. Deane
came out on the porch and Mrs. Dunning
handed the box of candy to her and she took
some and ate it. Soon after that Miss Jose
phine Bateman and Miss Ethel Millington came
to where they were sitting and Mrs. Dunning
passed the box to them, and they each took
some of the candy and ate It. We afterward
separated and at the usual hour the family
retired. The next morning he awoke with the
headache, and when he got downstairs he felt
nausea In the stomach. After breakfast he
saw the same box of candy lying on the top
of the secretary In the back parlor with the
wrapper. He very soon went to his room and
lay on. his bed most of the day, and when he
returned downstairs tho box and wrapper had
been removed from off the secretary and he
has seen them only once since, when a day or
two after the death of his two aunts he saw
them in the hands of his grandfather, John B.
Pennlngton. HARRY C. PENNINGTON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me the day
and year aforesaid. PETER L. COOPER.
Justice of the Peace.
Attestation of WILLIAM T. HUDSON, Pro
thonotary.
State of Delaware. Kent County.
Leila Deane deposes and Bays: That she Is
14 years old and lives with her father, Joshua
D. Deane, and her grandfather, John B. Pen
nlngton. In Dover. Del.; that on the evening
of August 9. IS9S, her aunt. Mrs. John P. Dun
ning, her little cousin, Mary E. Dunning, and
she were sitting and standing on the porch of
their residence when Harry C. Pennlngton re
turned from the postoffice and handed to my
aunt, Mrs. John P. Dunning, a package. Her
aunt opened tne package and It contained
ch'ooolate candy of different flavors and forms,
a lady's handkerchief and a piece of paper
with the Inscription, •'With love to yourself
and baby. Mrs. C." They endeavored to as
certain whence it came, and upon the
i wrapper she saw the address, Mrs. John P.
! Dunning, Dover, Del., and they endeavored to
read the postmark where It was mailed, but
they could not make It out to their satisfaction.
Her aunt. Mrs. Dunning, afterward paused the
candy around and they all took some and ate
it and also her mother, Mrs. Ida H. Deane,
who in the meantime had Joined them, took
.and ate some. She then left her home and
spent the evening out, and returned home
about 9:30 o'clock the same evening. About
10:30 o'clock she retired and awoke next morn
ing quite sick with a headache and sick stom
ach and she was compelled to keep her bed
' for two days. She did not see the box of candy
and wrapper again until after the death of her I
mother, Mrs. Deane, and her aunt. Mrs. Dun- I
ning, when she saw her grandfather, Mr. John f
B. Pennington, take It out of the bureau
drawer. Her mother, Mrs. Deane, died on Au
gust 11, and her aunt, Mrs. Dunning, died on
August 12. The box and wrapper which I saw
my grandfather take was the same box and
wrapper which was handed to my aunt, Mrs.
Dunning, by Harry C. Pennington on the even-
Ing of August 9. IS9S, and from which we took
and ate the candy. LEILA DEAXE.
State of Delaware, Sussex County.
Josephine Uateman deposes and says: That
she in now and has been a resident of the town
of Dover, Kent County, for forty years; that
she was well acquainted with Mrs. Ida H.
Deane and Mrs. Mary A. Dunning during their
lifetime; that on August 9, IS9S, at about half
past 6 o'clock p. m.. she called or stopped at
the home of the said Ida H. Deane and Mary
A. Dunning, in the said town oC Dover, and
found Mary A. Dunning sitting on a porch
with a box of chocolate-covered candy In her
lap. and she said to her that some one had
sent her a box of candy, and that she did not
know who it was. She (Mrs. Dunning) then
handed her the box of candy and that she
(the affiant) took a piece and ate It: that Mrs.
Dunning also handed her the note with the In
scription. "With love for yourself and baby —
Mrs. C" and asked her whether she thought
It was Mr. C. or Mrs. C; that she also handed
her the wrapper which came on the box of
candy for her (this affiant) to determine where
It was mailed; that she showed her the hand
kerchief: that when she was eating the candy
she threw from her mouth on three occasions
and before the candy was entirely consumed
a foreign subsance which resembled crystals;
that Mrs. Dunning asked her to take more;
that she declined to do bo, and that ?he very
soon thereafter left the home of Mrs. Dun
ning. At about half past 8 p. m. she arrived
at her home, and feeling something on her
gum she removed It with her finger and found
that It also resembled crystals, and that her
gums and lips afterward became and were sore
and Irritated; that about 10 o'clock p. m. she
felt a headache and upon rising from her bed
next morning she suffered with a severe pain
In the stomach at about 8 o'clock, and was
also troubled with bowels, which continued all
day of the 10th of August until late In the
day she began to recover; that her lips were
sore for a week thereafter.
JOSEPHINE BATEMAN.
State of Delaware, Kent County.
John B. Pennington deposes and says:
That he Is a resident of the town of Dover,
county and State aforesaid, and has been for 44
years. That his family formerly consisted of
himself and wife, Joshua D. Deane and Ida H.
Deane, his wife, and Leila Deane, their daugh
ter, and for two years last past Mrs. John P.
Dunning and her daughter, Mary E. Dunning,
and since June 30, IS9S. Harry Q. Pennington,
his grandson. That on the evening of August
9. 1898, about 6:30 o'clock, as he was passing
out the front door of his dwelling;, his two
daughters, Mrs. Joshua D. Deane and Mrs.
John P. Dunning, were sitting on the front
p«rch with Leila Deane, Harry C. Pennincton
and little Mary E. Dunning with some others
whom he did not particularly notice standing
around. Mrs. Dunning had 1n her hand a box
of candy open and said to him, "Oh. papa, see
what a present I have got and I don't know
who It came from," at the same time aßking
him to take a piece of the candy, which for
aim' 1 cause, he does not now remember, he de
clined. He passed over to the county building
and did not return until about 9 o'clock,, and
saw nor heard no more in reference to the
candy up to that time. The family all re
tired and some time between 12 and 2 o'clock
In the night he heard his daughter,
Mrs. Joshua D. Deane, In the hnll
way near his bedroom wretchlng and
vomiting and her husband. Joshua D.
Deane, talking to her. He went to sleep and
heard no more until next morning. He aro=e
about 7 o'clock and learned from his wife that
Mrs. John P. Dunning had also been wretchlng
and vomiting the latter part of the nlpht. He
then visited his daughters' rooms and found
both of them very sick. In the meantime Mr.
Deane had called in the family physician. Dr.
Bishop. The physician remained In attendance
upon both of them almost continually, but
they continued to grow worse and at about 5
o'clock In the afternoon of the 11th of August
Mrs. Deane died, and on the evening of the
12th of August Mrs. Dunning also died. Some
time In the morning of the 12th of August he
inquired of Mrs. Dunning where the box of
candy and the wrapper which she had received
from Harry were and from information ob
tained from her he went to the secretary in
the back parlor and took the box and wrapper
from off the secretary. fpon seeing the ad
dress on wrapper he thought he recognized It
as beln«r similar to the address on a letter
addressed to Mrs. John P. Dunnlnsr. Dover,
Delaware, and postmarked San Francisco,
which he had In his office, and which he had
taken from his private box in the Postofflce
about one year ago, and which he had not de
livered to Mrs. Dunning because of her special
request, she having received anonymous let
ters addressed to her and postmarked San
Francisco, which she had shown and read to
him. and requested that if others came that
he should not deliver them to her. but do with
them as he thought best; hence It was that
he had this letter in his office. The address on
the wrapper around the box of candy made
such an impression on his mind of Its simil
arity to the address on the letter In his office
that he folded up the wrapper and went with
It Immediately to his office and compared it
with the address on the letter. He was sat
isfied that both addresses were written by the
same person. He took the wrapper back to his
house and wrapped It around the box contain
ing the candy and locked it In the bureau
drawer, from which place they were not taken
except*: a permit Dr. Bishop to take therefrom
a few pieces to take to the State chemist. Dr.
Wolf at Newark. Delaware, for analysis, and
again while the jury of inquisition was consid
ering the case the Coroner and Walter Morris,
one of the Jurors of Inquest, received from him
the box and contents and wrapper, which they
returned In about one hour thereafter, when he
locked them up again In the bureau drawer,
wh»re they remained until he took them out
on the 22d day of August and handed them to
Bernard J. McVey. State detective.
JOHN B. PENNINGTON.
State of Delaware. Kent County.
Lemuel A H. Bishop deposes and says: That
he Is a practicing physician, 45 years of age,
and has practiced medicine in the town of Do
ver and State of Delaware for 22 years past;
that on the morning of the 10th of August last
about 8 o'clock he was called by Joshua D.
Deane to see his wife, Ida H. Deane, and her
daughter Leila Deane, Mrs. John P. Dunning
and Harry Pennington. all of them residing in
the same house: when he arrived he found the
aforesaid partlos all 111; he learned that Mrs.
Deane had been ill all night vomiting and
purging, and with slight pains though not se
vere ones In the stomach; Leila Deane and
Harry C. Pennington were not taken 111 till
the early morning; he was Informed by Mrs.
Dunn'ng and Mrs. Deane that they had eaten
corn fritters and fish for their supper the pre
vious evening, which made them sick; he
treated them for cholera, morbus for several
hours using the usual remedle* for cholera,
morbus, but they did not yield to the treat
ment: Just before noon of the same day he
was informed that they had all eaten candy
from a box which was received by Mrs. Dun
ning the previous evening: he also learned by
inquiry that all those who ate of the candy
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
were ill. while all those who ate the same sup
per and did not eat the candy were not ill,
and he concluded from that circumstance that
there was some noxious principle In the candy.
Mrs. Dunning would not retain any medicine
given her during that day longer than five or
ten minutes. In the afternoon, seeing that
they already had gastro-enteritls, I began the
use *f demulcent drinks, white of the egg,
acacia water with ice, etc., but could not re
lieve vomiting until after m/dnight of the same
day. After that time they both continued to
take nourishment, all of which was retained
until they died.. Mrs. Deane died at about 4:30
I>. m. August 11 anil Mrs. Dunning at about
5:45 p. m. August 12. As soon as I discovered
ili.tt there was gastroenteritis set up, I knew
there was some local pOtCOD that had produced
such a condition. From the .symptoms and
condition of the two patents 1 know they
rame to their death by poison. On the morn
ing of August I,', John B. i'ei.nington gave me
five pieces of chocolate covered candy, which
he took from a box which h<» had locked in a
bureau drawer In his residence; that he saw
him unlock a drawer and take therefrom a box
and that he (this affiant) took the five pieces
from the box; that this affiant placed the five
pieces of candy in another box and delivered
the box and candy to Dr. T. R. Wolf, State
Chemist at Newark, Del., on the same day.
L. A. H. BISHOP.
State of Delaware, Kent County.
Pre»ley S. Downe« deposes and says: That
he is 43 years old, that he Is a practicing phy
sician and has been so for twenty years; has
resided In the town of Dover, Kent County.
Del., nineteen yearn; that he was called in
consultation with Dr. Bishop to the house of
Mrs. John P. Dunning, In the town of Dover,
on Friday, August U, last at about 8 a. m. :
that he found her In a state of collapse with
cold, clammy perspiration, her eyes and face
swollen and congested, with a livid condition
of the akin, not fully developed, lips livid, mu
cous membrane of the nvuth reddened and
covered with a Filmy substance; no pulse could
be detected nt wrist, thu heart not possessing
sufficient strength to produce a pulse from
lack of nerve force; respirations ware labored
and irregular, showing a threatened paralysis
of nerve centers. She complained of a be
numbed and tingling sensation In legs and
feet and a burning and boiling sensation at
the stomach. Those symptoms continued until
death, but with Increased Intensity. Prom the
history of the case as given by Dr. Bl.«hop and
the symptoms and conditions which 1 found I
know she came to her death by poison.
P. S. DOWNEB. M.D.
State of Delaware, Ni-woastle County — ss.
Dr. Theodore R. Wolf deposes anl Ban: That
he Is a resident of the town of Newark In the
State "f Delaware and is professor of chemistry
at Delawarp Collage at Newark. Del., and lias
been for twenty-seven years last past; that he
Is a graduate of Heidelhurg University of Ger
many and has been engaged in general and
analytical chemistry since 1873; that on Au
gust 16. JS9B. between the hours of 11 and 12
a m.. Dr. L. A. H. Bishop of Dover, Del.,
handed him In his home in Newark. Del., five
pieces of chocolate-covered candy and requested
him to make an analysis of the same for the
purpose of determining whether It contained
poison of any character, but more particularly
as to whether it contained arsenic; that he re
ceived the candy and upon making the usual
tests discovered that it contained large quan
tities of white arsenic (arsenous oxide); that
he examined three pieces of the candy deliv
ered to him and found therein about twelve
grains of white arsenic, a quantity sufficient
to cauee the death of four persons; that he ex
amined the remaining pieces of can.ly handed
him as aforesaid and discovered by the naked
eye that it contained lumps of white arsenic
THEODORE R. WOLF.
State of Delaware, Kent County.
John P. Dunning deposes and
says: That he is the husband of Eliz
abeth Dunning, who died at Dover,
Delaware, on the 12th inst., from eat
ing poisoned chocolate-covered bon
bons, which appear to have been
sent to Dover from San Francisco,
California. That deponent further
says that he is familiar with the
handwriting of Ada Botkin, other
wise called Cordelia Botkin; that he
has seen the anonymous letter now in
the possession of Detective Bernard
J. McVey in San Francisco, addressed
to Mrs. J. P. Dunning, which reached
Dover in July, 1897. and that he be
lieves the handwriting on the en
velope which enclosed said anony
mous letter is the handwriting of the
said Ada BotHn. That deponent
further says that he has not seen the
writing on the wrapper which en
closed the box of poisoned candy and
is therefore unable to state in whose
hand the same is written. Further
the deponent sayeth not.
JOHN P. DUNNING.
State of Delaware, Kent County— To any con
stable of said county:
Whereas. John B. Pennlngton of Dover, Dela
ware, In behalf of the State of Delaware, hath
this day before me, Peter L. Cooper Esq., One
of the Justices assigned to keep the peace in
and fnr the county aforesaid, mad* oath in due
form of law that a certain Adelaide C. Botkin,
alias Ada Botkln. alia* Cordelia Botkln, at
county aforesaid, on the 9th day of August,
1898. did murder one Elizabeth Dunning by the
use of poisoned candy and against the law,
peace and dignity of the said State. Wherefore,
the paid John B. Pennington prays that the
said Adelaide C. Botkln, alias Ada Botkln,
alia? Cordelia Botkin, may be forthwith appre
hended and held to answer this complaint and
to be further dealt with as the law directs
JOHN B. PENNINOTON.
Forasmuch as the foregoing complaint hath
been made before me in manner aforesaid,
these are therefore in the name of the State
of Delaware to require and command you
forthwith to apprehend the said Adelaide C
Botkln. alias Ada Botkln. alias Cordelia Bot
kin. and bring her before me, or some other
Justice of the Peace for the county afore
said, that she may be examined touching the
premises and to be further dealt with as to
law and Justice shall appertain. And you are
likewise required to summon the complainant,
John B. Pennlngton, to appear and give evi
dence relative to the subject-matter of said
complaint, and when and where you have the
said Adelaide C. Botkin,- alias Ada Botkln
alias Cordelia Botkin.
Given under my hand and seal at Dover the
day and year aforesaid.
(Seal) PETER L. COOPER, J. P.
To His Excellency, the Governor of the State
of California:
I. Robert C. White, Attorney General of the
State of Delaware, do hereby certify that the
following facts are true to the best of mv
knowledge and belief:
Extradition Is asked for Adelaide C. Bot
kln. otherwise called Ada Botkin, otherwise
called Cordelia Botkln, and the proposed agent
for this State is Bernard J. McVey. In my
opinion the ends of public justice require that
the alleged criminal be brought to this State
for trial at the public expense.
I believe we have sufficient evidence to secure
the conviction of the fugitive. The person
named as agent Is the proper person and has
no private Interest in the arrest of the fugi
tive. The fugitive is now under criminal ar
rest in the State of California and city of
Pan Francisco. This application Is not made
for the purpose of enforcing the collection of
a debt or for any private prurpose whatever
and if the requisition applied for be granted
the criminal proceeding shall not be used for
any of said objects. The crime with which
she is charged of having here committed is
murder of Elizabeth Dunning, and our statute
fixing the punishment for the same is chap
ter IS7. page 823. revised code of the State
of Delaware, punishment— death. The crime
charged to have been committed In this State
was on the 9th day of August, IR9<*
ROTIKRT C. WHITE
Attorney General of Delaware-.
Dover, Del., August 29. 1898.
State of Delaware —
I. James H. Hughes, Secretary of State of
the Btate of Delaware, do hereby certify that
Robert C. White, whose genuine signature ap
pears to the above and foregoing certificates
was at the time of making the same and now
la Attorney General In and for the State afore
said, duly commissioned and . auallfled, and
that full faith and credit are and ought to be
given to all his official acts as such. •
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and affixed the seal of my office at
Dover, this J9th day of August. A. D. IS9*
(Seal) .T. H. HUGHES,
• ..•;<- Secretary of State.
MRS. BOTKIN'S
STATEMENT
The Story Told Chief Lees by
the Prisoner at the Time
of Her Arrest.
In the affidavits of Chief Lees is incor
porated the .statement made to him by
Mrs. Botkln, in which she detailed her
movements at about the time the poisoned
candy was sent from this city up to the
time of her arrest. The statement of the
prisoner is' as follows:
I left San Francisco on the evening of the
17th of July by boat for Stockton and arrived
the next morning early, July 28. I remained
in Stockton until the 3Cth of July, having had
a doctor attending me all the time. I was
there from having taken cold and going on the
boat. (To Chief Lees) : You can get the doc
tor's address in Stockton. I arrived here in
San Francisco the night of the 30th of July.
After I arrived here I called in Dr. Tyrrell and
I was sick Sunday and Monday. I wo* ill on
the 31et of July and on the Ist and 2d of Au
fust, Monday and Tuesday, respectively. On
ueeday. August 2, I packed up at the Hotel
Victoria and placed my things in the large
corridor, that fc the 2d of August. On thl> 3d
I rested In the forenoon and In the afternoon
I visited a friend, a Mrs. Carter, at the Went
worth on Bußh street, between Powell and
Stockton, and spent the afternoon there. I re
turned home and had my dinner. This was
\Vednesday, the 3d. In the forenoon of the 4th
of August, I think, I finished up some little
; things and packed my small portmanteau, be
; cause I was nut going to have my trunk at St.
I Helena, but It was going on to Healdsburg,
after stopping at the sanitarium, as I told you.
I did not go out until I packed my portmanteau
and took the train fur St. Helena. I left here
on the afternoon train, the time, I think, was
S^ something— went out at the invitation of M.
C. McClure, my brother-in-law, and remained
there the balance of the 4th of August and
then left there, St. Helena, on Sunday, the 7th
of August, and went to my sister's and drove
across country thirty-five miles In her car
riage to my plster's in Healdsburg. I
arrived at Healdsburg at 3 o'clock on
Sunday afternoon, the 7th of August, then the
following Sunday, the 14th, I picked up the
Examiner and found an hcrount of the deadly
tragedy, the death of Mre. Deane and Mrs.
Dunning.
Q. (To the Chief by Mrs. Botkin). Shall I
say of having read the article to my stster?
A. Yes, If you wish. I read the article to my
sister In absolute consternation (to Mrs. Mo
'"lure); that was Sunday afternoon, August 4.
Q. (By Mrs. Botkin to the Chief). Shall I
say to you how I passed the remainder of the
afternoon?
The Chief— Answer just as you please.
A. We went through the afternoon In the
regular routine household work. On Tuesday,
August 16, Miss Llvtrrnush, sent by the Ex
aminer to interview me, asked me what I knew
about the death of these people at Dover (Mrs.
Deane and Mrs. Dunning). I said I knew noth
ing, as I never knew Mrs. Dunning nor Mrs.
Deane. On the morning of Wednesday, the
17th, she came again to my sister's at Healds
burg and informed me that the Examiner said
that I was very strongly suspected of this
crime. After pulling myself up from the shock
I took the next morning's train to my husband
in Stockton. This Examiner reporter insisted
upon accompanying me. She did accompany
me and said she was doing so out of the must
extreme heartfeii sympathy, thereby leaving
my sister in a more comfortable frame of mind
than if I had gone alene. I wired my husband
to meet me at the train, which he did. We
went to the hotel with my husband and re
mained there until to-day (Wednesday) .or
rather until last night, but remained In Stock
ton up to the 24th (to-day). I was arrested on
the night of the 23d of August, and came to
San Francisco on the morning of the 24th, ac
companied by my husband and officers. (To
the Chief)— And you know where I am now.
Q. (By Chief Lees). When was the last time
you purchased candy? A. The last time I pur
chased candy Was about the Ist of last June,
at 1 o'clock, when I bought some lemon drops
for my nephew, who was visiting me.
Q. Where did you buy It? A. I bought it as
we were taking the car to go to Camp Merritt
from a man with a box who sold chewing
gum. I bought 10 cents' wonh of lemon drops
and save them to Charlie.
Q. Have you read a description of this bnx
that was sa!d to have been sent to Dover,
Delaware, to Mrs. Dunning? A. I have read
what the papers say.
Q. That It was a 'white-glazed one-pound box
tied with a Pinkish ribbon? A. I do not re
member the description the paper gave.
<J. That there was a handkerchief Inside, a
white cambric one with a price mark, 25 cents,
containing three kinds of candles. I will read
from the paper (reading): The box Is a stock
box (one held in stock) and contains the words
"bon bons" printed on top. i lnterrupting) I
see. The chief (continuing). The candy was
of three kinds: "Chocolate caramels. "whl<>h
were evidently purchased at the store, choco
late bonbons, which were evidently purchased
the same way, and cream chocolates, which
might have been home-made. The candy was
of a medium grade."
Q. Did you ever purchase such a box or
manufacture such a box? A. Never
Q. Did you ever mail to Mrs. J. p. Dunning
of Dover, Del., such a box containing the can
dies heretofore named? A. I never did.
Q. Did you direct in your handwriting the
box or the note which was placed Inside of it?
A. I never did.
Q. Did you place a cheap pocket handkerchief
Inside the box? A. I never did.
(Chief reading from paper: "The postmark
on the package containing the candy may be
San Francisco. That the poisoning" was the
work of a woman there Is no doubt, and friends
uf the family who are in a "nMtion to knew
the suspicion say the authorities had better
look for the woman in the case. The writing
on the Inside of the box and the wrapper to
the box Is the writing of a woman, but whether
they were written by the same person cannot
be decided. The appearances indicate that
they were. The note on the Inside looks like
a stupid attempt to disguise the handwriting,
while the writing on the outside of the box ap
pears like a natural hand.
Q. Henrlng the above read to you, did you
prepare and mall a box such as I have read to
you? A. So help me God, no.
Q. You know that Mrs. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane are dead, don't you? A. From what the
papers say.
Q. You know that they died at Dover, Del.?
A. Prom what the papers say.
Q. Do you know that the package was re
ceived at Dover, Del., on the 9th of August,
18S*S? A. As the Dajiers say.
Q. Are you aware that that package must
have been mailed upon the 4th day of August
BELIEVES HE SOLD THE POISON.
David Green, in an Affidavit, Gives the Police
Some New Testimony..
State of California-
City and County of San Francisco.
David Green, being first duly sworn, on his oath deposes and pays: My
name is David Green. I reside at 722 Franklin street in the city and coun
ty of San Francisco, State of California. My occupation is that of drug
clerk for Mr. Gleason on the southeast corner of Clay and Kearny streets
In this city and county. During the months of May and June, 189S, I was
employed at the Star Drug Store at 1002 Market street, this city and coun
ty. In the latter part of May, or the first or second week in June, a woman
came to the Star Drug Store, where 1 was employed, and asked me' for
arsenic. I sold her about 25 cents' worth in crystals and lumps, some large
and some small. When I sold it to her I asked her what she wanted it for.
She said she wanted it for bleaching straw and the fact that she wartted
it for the purpose she mentioned brought the occasion back to my memory.
I asked her how she used it, and she said she would dissolve the arsenic in
water and soak the straw in It. She was in the store about five minutes
walking up and down, talking all the time. She said something about the
Owl Drug Store, which I do not remember. She either said they would not
sell it to her there, or she had been in the habit of getting it there I
made no entry of the sale of the arsenic. When I sold it there was no
sale-book of poisons kept in the store. It was kept on tagrs in the rear of
the store whenever there was a record kept.
I have seen Mrs. Cordelia Botkln, the woman under arrest charged
with the murders of Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning and Mrs. Ida H. Deane, and
in build and general bearing she resembles the woman to whom I sold the
arsenic at the time mentioned and to the best of my impression and recol
lection she is the same woman. DAVID GREEN
to have reached Dover when it did? A. Not
without calculating.
(By the Chief). It would tako five and one
half days.
Q. A package from here to Dover, Del.,
would have to be mailed at least on the 4th
of August to reach Dover, Del., on the after
noon of August 9? A. I suppose bo.
Q. That was the day, August 4, 'you left the
city? A. I left the city August 4; I was in
the city four or five daye previous' to this. I
left on the afternoon train for St. Helena,
3 something, I think.
Q. Up to that time you had been In San
Francisco four or five dayo previous? A. I re
mained from the 30th of July, or rather I re
turned from Stockton the evening of the SOth
of July and remained here until the 4th of
August. I took my things on the 2d of Au
gust out at the Hotel Victoria, California and
Hyde streets. Having had «•. doctor I rested
the 3d of August and left the 4th. I visited Mrs.
Carter on the afternoon of the 3d on Bush
street, between Stockton and Powell.
Q. Have you said all you wanted to in rela
tion to the receipt of this box or package at
Dover, this package of candy, containing a
cheap handkerchief, containing a note signed
Mrs. C. ? I will read a better description of it.
(Mrs. Botkln. Interrupting) Tou asked me
these questions preceding this article, and I
can assure you I have said all I possibly can
on the subject. I know no more. Please read
that last answer to me (turning to Heyne
man). Reads. Mrs. Botkln: Thank you,
that Is correct.
The Chief treading)— The box le of white
glazed variety, Is oblong In shape (designat
ing) and made to hold a pound of candy.
Around the ends are narrow pink satin rib
bons tied in a bow knot, and on the top In
gold letters are the words "bonbons." The
wrapper Is of the common light-brown kind
and is in no way of the variety usually in use
by confectioners. There are four or five cent
stamps and one 2-cent stamp on the wrapper,
on but one of which Is the cancellation mark
legible. The address is evidently written with
a cramped hand or with an effort at disguise.
Within the box was a common plain white
handkerchief, with the price mark, 25 cents,
still In one corner. The note written Mrs. C.
is written on ruled white paper in lead pen
cil and the words "with love to yourself and
baby" are written jerkily and in an entirely
different hand from the superscription, very
like a woman's hand. There are three kinds
of chocolate candy in the box, one hard and
similar to a confectioner's make, the other
soft, with every appearance of being home
made. The impression of Dr. Bishop is that
thej?olson will be found in the latter kind.
Q. Now this Mrs. Botkln, I want to ask
you, after having read the above description,
if you purchased. If you packed, if you ad
dressed or if you placed the handkerchief and
note In that package and if you placed four
6-cent stamps and one 2-cent stamp and if
you mailed that package In San Francisco or
any other point in this Ptate to Mrs. J. P.
Dunning at Dover, Del., the wife of J. P.
Dunning? A. To all your questions I say 1
did not.
Q. Do you know anything whatever about
It? A. Nothing whatever.
Q. Have you ever seen this above described
package? A. Never.
Q. Did you ever authorise any one to send
It? A. I did not.
Q. Tou have no knowledge of any one send
ing it? A. I have not.
Q. None whatever? A. None whatever.
Q. I am to understand that you know noth
ing whatever, positively nothing of this pack
age or of its being mailed? A. Nothing what
ever: nothing.
By the Chief— Q. Now, Mrs. Botkln, I want
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 159 F.
to ask you this question: This package I have
above described arrived at Dover, Del., Au
gust 9, 1898. Mrs. Joshua D. Deane. other
wise known as Ida Deane, and Mrs. J. P.,
Dunning, otherwise known p.s Elizabeth Dun
ning, partook of the contents of this package
the night of its arrival. Mrs. Deane died at
4:30 p. m., August 11. and Mrs. Dunning
lingered until August 12. Now do you know
of your own knowledge or did you participate
in any way in causing to be administered the
poisons contained in the above described candy
to either of these persons? A. I never did.
Q. You know nothing whatever about It?
A. Nothing whatever.
Q. Do you know any person or persons who
had anything to do with mailing the same?
A. I do not.
Q. There were other persons. Miss Betterim.
Miss Wellington and Miss Parked, who Were
tUmo made sick but recovered. Do you know
anything about who sent the box of poison to
these people? A. 1 do not.
Q. Is there anything else you desire to say
about this matter? One moment. Q. Did you
direct In your own handwriting this package
or write the note contained therein or place
that handkerchief In that box or have any
thing to do with it at a!l? A. No, sir. In no
way whatever, shape or form.
Q. (To the Chief, by Mrs. Botkin.) Q. Will
you please tell me If this is a court statement?
A. This Is the statement made for the benefit
of the police for the purposes of their investi
gation to get a start for future investigation.
A. That being the case I will not say anything
further than I have said. I have said all 1
know. I know nothing more.
Q. You say you were in Stockton— you say
you left July 27 for Stockton? A. I did.
Q. You left there on the 30th? A. Yes.
Q. When jrou were in Stockton at any time
did you purchase any candy from anybody at
all in Stockton similar to the one I have here
tofore described? A. I purchased nothing
whatever while in Stockton.
Q. Did you cause any one to purchase for
you? A. I did not; I was 111 in bed.
Q. Did you have a nurse? A. I did, Mrs
Rauoff .
Q. Did you purchase or did you cause to toe
purchased through by yourself any candy in
Stockton? A. None whatever: not 5 cents'
worth or anything Pise; I was not In the shop.
Q. If there is a person In Ptooktnft who
deals In candy states that you or anybody else
for you or through an agent, that they did
sell such stuff to you or such agent on your
behalf, is this true or false? A. It is false
Not 5 cents' worth did I purchase while in
fotocKt on.
i Qa.lQ a. I " I d . present you with candy
n Stockton? A. No. I had a very severe
liver attack and was under the doctor's care
and was presented with no candy
Q. Have you at any time or at any Dlace
within this State at any point; have you pur
chased any candy lately except that which
you have named as having bought en route
to Camp Merritt? A. I have not.
Q. You have not received any from any one?
A. I nave not, and am not fond of It anyway
Q. I wish to repeat again if a person in
Stockton who deals In candy and who says
that he sold candy to a person about three
weeks ago there (interrupting) three weeks
ago that It is not so? A. It Is not. ■
Q. No one purchased any for you? Tou
had no one purchase any for you? You did
not cause any to be purchased? A. No, no no
Q. What Is your full name? A. Cordelia M
Botkln.
Q. Your husband? A. Welcome A. Botkln
The above statement is correct.
MRB. CORDELIA BOTKIN.
DUNNING'S NOTES
TO MRS. BOTKIN
Chief Lees Incorporates "My
Dear Ada" Letters With
His Deposition.
The "My Dear Ada" letters written by
John P. DunnlnK to Mrs. Botkin while
he was at the seat of war, are Incorpora
ted In the deposition of Chief of Police
I. W. Lees. In the deposition Chief Leea
gives a list of all the evidence which has
come into his possession.
The Dunning letters were found In Mrs.
Botkln's trunk. The letters follow:
KEY WEST, Fla.. April 14. 1898.
My Dear Ada: I suppose you have Judged
by the papers that I have left Havana: we
had to get out. I arrived here three days ago.
The town Is full of correspondents and navai
officers and tho only thing one hears Is war.
I don't ses how war can be avoided now, and
all that is worrying nic is how I am suing to
ace It. I am doing my best to set on the flag
ship New York, but it looks as if the Navy
Department would not allow any one to accom
pany the fleet when it leaves here. It has be«n
my ambition for years to be on a man-of-war
In action and I am willing to risk everything
to get there this time. So far as the - —
Spaniards are concerned I don't think it will
take us long to settle them. I hope you have
sent me a letter addressed to Key West. If
any of your recent letters have gone to Ha
vana I don't know when, I will get them. You
had better send everything to the Hotel Key
West, Key West, Fla. If I leave here I will
?;lve orders about having mall forwarded. This
b going to be a very short letter, but It Is the
best 1 can do now and it is sent to let you
know I am alive and well and want to hear
from you, and I hope with all my heart that
everything Is well with you. "J."
PORT ANTONIO. Jamaica,, May 30, 189g.
Dear Ada: I have been on the high seas in
a tugboat chasing Spaniards and American
fleets for ten days paat, having left Key West
suddenly. We put Into thie place, which is
a British possession, for coal two days ago, in
tending to leave right away und return to the
American fleet off the southern coast of Cuba,
but we tell up against the British Government
and a British man-of-war here good and hard.
They would not let us buy any coal here,
claiming they would be violating the neutrality
laws in doing so, as they claimed we were con
nected with the United States navy. They tied
us up here for two days without coal, during
which time we made very vigorous kicks,
finally the Governor General of the island re
lented and told us we could have all the coal
we wanted. We are taking it aboard now and
me piling it all over the deck, so that we will
have enough to last a week or so. We are go
ing to leave here In an hour or two and try
and find the fleet again off Cuba, ac there
seems every possibility of a fight with the
Spanish fleet any minute, provided the Ameri
cans can find the Spaniards, which they
have not be*n able to do up to date. 1 have
got the war fever bad and am out for gore.
The name of the b.nt I am on is the Dandy,
and Khe is one of the A. S. S. V. Press boats.
so that If you see anything in the papers about
her you will know 1 am there. I have no idea
when I will get back to Key West. I sup
poEe there are one or two letters waiting there
I'nr me from you. I am very well and have
gained over ten pounds since I started into
this war racket. With my love. "J."
MARCH 16.
Dear Ada: I have been too much rushed for
the last few days to send you ev»n a line. I
am now on my way by train from New York
t<> Key West, and will take the steamer from
the latter place for Cuba. I will reach Ha
vana Saturday morning, March 19. My ad
dress will be Hotel Ingeltarra, Havana, Cuba.
You must understand that the chances are
ninety-nine in a hundred that all incoming
letters to Havana are opened by the Spanish
authorities there, so please be very careful
ami do not write anything relating to the
l T nlted State-Spain controversy or I will prob
ably never get them. I learned this in New
V <rk. I have been treated most kindly by the
New York papers which I represent and they
have practically assured me that I shall have
a nice position when I return to New York;
that will probably be my permanent home
when I get back. I am going to try with all
my power to live down the past with all its
sorrows and if anything arises in Cuba to give
me a chance to do something I believe that
my future Is assured. God grant that every
thing is well with you. I want to hear from
you. ■ "J."
POUT ANTONIO, June 16.
Dean Ada: . Please excuae the typewriter,
but l ,4iave one handy and urin use it to let
you know that up to date I anl all right. 1
hate not 'written »'yt>u for a week or two for
I have been ashore- very little In that time
and had no opportunity to mall letters. I
have not had a letter from a soul for a month
and don't know how I am going to get one,
for I can't tell whether I will be In this part
of the world a week or four or five months,
though it Is beginning to look like the latter.
When you get tfils I wish you would address
a line to me and let me know if you are all
right. Send It to me as follows: On steamer
Dandy, care of Tlchfleld Hotel, Port Antonio,
Jamaica. I may get it or I may not. Anyhow
I will like to hear from you. I have spent
most of the last week over at Guantanamo,
Cuba, forty miles east of Santiago, on the
southeastern coast of the Island. There are
600 American marines there and there has been
a small fight nearly every day. I have slept
in trenches and rifle pits at the American
camp and have had a glorious time listening
to bullets whistling over my. head. These
Spaniards cannot hit the side of a house. We
are expecting the troops from the United
States dally and when they come I may follow
them into Cuba or remain on the boat to see
the naval end of the fight. I can't tell you
Just yet what will be my plan.', I never felt
better in my life and I think' I am In my
element, though I get as dirty as a pig on
the old boat and knocking about around camp.
I had nil my hair taken off yesterday and
look like a singed cat. I have not been able
to do as much for my paper as I would like,
as the nrltlsh" cable facilities in this country
are the worst that can be Imagined and it Is
almost impossible to get anything through.
However, I send what I can and also send
something by mall. I suppose you have seen
some of It if you still get the papers. It Is
hotter than blue blazes and I can't wear any
thing but linen clothes. Don't feel any alarm
about me at nil. I will pull out of this all
right. With my love. "J."
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 24.
My Dear Ada: I am leaving here to-day for
Porto Rleo, as the campaign at Southeastern
Cuba Is practically closed. As you know by
the papers we have taken Santiago and smash
ed the Spanish fleet, so there Is nothing more
there to conquer. Five of us are going to
Porto Rloo on our yacht "'Wanda." I do not
believe the campaign there will last long and
there v may not be much fighting. After we
take vne place I Buppose the next thing will
be Havana, but we will hardly attack that
before October on account of the climate. I
have ordered my mall forwarded in care of the
United States Consul at St. Thomas, Danish
West Indies, but 1 can't say whether I will
get any there or not, as my movements for
the present are too uncertain. But please ad
dress me there for the present, as it is the only
address I can give now. I know that my let
ters must s»em very few and far between and
very' unsatisfactory, but living In the rush and
excitement that I am la now it If almost im
possible for ■me to settle myself at any time
to write any letters. I have not understood
quite onef or two of your recent letters. You
spoke of having come into some kind of a
windfall financially, but did not give any par
ticulars, but God knows If any good fortune
of that kind has befallen you, no one Is any
more glad of It than I am; for myself I can
say that everything seems to be working out
all right. I have seen nearly nil the big
events of the war, Including the destruction or
Cervera's fleet, and the account of the great
affair which you read In the papers was mine.
I am simply Imbued with the war fever and I
can barely put my mind on anything else. I
have gone through all kinds of experiences, sea
fights and land fights,' and have also lived In
that yellow fever camp near Santiago, and I
haven't a scar or a blemish on me yet and
never felt better than I do now. It Is more
healthy In Porto Rico than it is In Cuba and
there Is no danger of oontaglon there. Do not
feel any alarm about me, for I am bound to
come out all right. I do not think I will be on
our dispatch boat much from now on; will prob
ably bo on shore in Porto Rico with the army.
If you could see my make-up you would think
me a dream — tan top boots and riding
breeches, with a broad sombrero and belt and
revolver and all the other paraphernalia of war.
It is a dead hard life I can assure you, with
little to eat beside* hard biscuits and bacon,
but I" am getting fat on it and am enjoying it.
I find myself getting very cold blooded with
constant contact with all kinds of scenes of
war. As a sample of some of my recent ex
ploits I will tell you that a few days ago I
went aboard the wreck of the Vlscaya, one of
the Spanish war vessels that we destroyed on
July S, and cut oft part of the skull of a dead
Spaniard I found on the deck. I wanted It as
a souvenir, but I afterward threw it away, as
it was anything but attar of roses.
God bless you and don't be alarmed If my
letters are infrequent. With my love. "j."
Letter brought to I. W. Lees, Chief of Police
and opened by I. W. Lees and Attorney Qeorge
A. Knight after consultation with and consent
of George A. Knight. (In separate letter
brought by postal authorities.)
' PONCE, Porto Rico, Saturday, Aug 13 ■
Dear Ada: I have been here about dead to the
world for about two or three weeks, without
any means of getting any mall and very little
chance of sending any away. Just befora I left
Kingston I wrote to you asking you to ad
drees me at St. Thomar but I have never been
there yet, having come here direct and I have
received no mall. We got the news to-day
that peace had been declared and I suppose I
will be going to New YorK soon, but I know
nothing positive about it. I will have to send
you an address when I get to New York, and
you had better not send any more mall to St.
Thomas, as I probably will not fo there now..
This Is (he most beautiful Island I have ever
seen and I have been almost constantly in the
saddle, wearing holes In my anatomy. I am
really sorry the war is over, for I have cer
tainly enjoyed it and I am considerably uncer
tain about the kind of work I will do when I
get to New York.
I am perfectly well, but It Is hottpr than
blue blazes here. I hope everything will con
tintfe to be well with you. With my love.
"J."
CANDY GIRLS
ARE NOT SURE
Recognize Mrs. BotKin Chiefly
Through \\zr General
Appearance.
Neither Miss Heney nor Miss Dettmer,
the candy girls, recognize Mrs. Botkin
positively as the woman who bought the
candy. Miss Heney says:
I am employed as saleslady at the candy
store of George Haas & Son, 810 Market street.
On Sunday afternoon, the 31st of July. IS9B,
I was on duty In said store and I remember a
ludy coming In about 4 o'clock In the after
noon. She was a lady about 5 feet 1 inch in
height, stout full round build, full round
fleshy face; her complexion was not very light
nor very dark; age about 42 or 43. I think she
wore elthe/ a tan or gray street dress. 1 would
not be sure, but I beleive Fhe wore a dotted
light veil. .She bought a box similar to the 1
box shown me by Chief Lees. It was the
same size and shape, but I cannot remember
as to the shade.
When this lady came In she called for a
fancy box. She said she wanted to see prime
fancy boxes, and I brought her over to the
fancy candy boxes and asked her what size
box, and she told me she wanted a box that
would hold about a pound of candy. I do not
remember whether she had much trouble in
picking one out or not, but she selected and
bought a box similar to the one shown me and
above described. I took it over to the candy
counter to fill It with candy, and she told me
she did not care for any other candies except
chocolate creams. While I was filling up the
box she told me not to fill it (juite full, because
she wanted to put something else Into the box.
I forgot whether she said a present.
Several times she told me to hury up. There
was another young saleslady behind the counter
at the same tirrte, Mlbb Kitty Dettmer, -amd I
called to her to get the tissue paper out for me*
■fci wrap the- fancy tjox In, and &l#o Xhe, ribbon
to tie it up, which she did. 1 remember re
marking to Miss Dettmer at the time that I
had charged only 40 cents for the candy In
stead of 50 cents because the ludy did not want
the box full.
I have examined the candy shown me by
Chief I^ees contained in the box shown me as
aforesaid, which I recognize as chocolate can
dies of the size, shape and manufacture and
sold by George Haas & Son and sold over 4il»
counter at his store on Market street on Jpty
31, 1898, and they are the Bame style, size and
shape of candles that were put up by me for
the lady, above described, in the box sold to
her on the 31st of July, IX9S. While I was fill
ing it this lady appeared to be in haste, and
several times requested me to hurry up, and
finally when she left the store "she walked
hastily tn the door. She was very active in
her manner and movements.
Being shown the wrapper containing the ad
dress "Mrs. John P. Dunning, Dover, Dela
ware," with four 5 cent and one 2 cent post-,
age stamps thereon canceled, I recognize the
wrapper now shown me as the same character
of paper that was used as an outside wrapper
of a box of candy purchased by the lady as I
have herein stated. It corresponds in color,
texture and lines of folding with that in which
the package was wrapped by me at the time
of sale and delivery.
I have seen Mrs. Botkin now under arrest
on the charge of murdering Mrs. J. P. Dun
ning. Her height, bulk! and manner of car
riage, walking and bodily movement are the
same as the woman who bought the candy of
me on July 31, 1898. I have not had a full view
of her face as to enable me to know whether
I recognize her features, and do not know as I
have sufficient recollection of It to know it if
fully oeen. I have been shown what I recog
nize to be a part of a seal of light color and
printing an was used in the store of George
Haas & Son, and which have been used dur
ing the five or six months last past continuous
ly and was used on the 31st day of July, 1898.
Such seal, to the best of my recollection, be
ing placed on sold box of candy as sold July
31 1?98.
Kitty Dettmer Bald: I am employed as sales
lady in the candy store of George Haa« & Son at
810 Market street. On Sunday afternoon, the 31st
of July, IK9B, I was on duty as saleslady In
said store, and Sylvia Henejr, another sales
lady In the store, was also on duty that after
noon. Betwpen 3 and 4:30 o'clock of the after
noon of that day I rvmember a lady coming
in and Sylvia waiting on her. I did not give
particular attention to the lady, but noticed
that she was shorter and stouter in build than
Sylvia Heney, and as I was waiting on differ
ent customers 1 paid very little attention to
the lady until Sylvia Heney. who had nearly
finished filling a box of candy, turned to me
and asked ma to get the tissue paper for her
for the first wrapper of the box. I had, how
ever, noticed that when Sylvia Heney com
menced the filling of the box she selected can
dles from the rows ot chocolate candles. When
she requested me to get the tissue paper I com
piled with her request and paid no more at
tention to the matter until the woman went
out Sylvia Heney then asked me my opinion
about charging 40 cents for the chocolates, as
the woman did not get the box full, and I said
she did perfectly right. Ac long as the
woman did not get the full pound of choco
late she charged 40 cents. To the best' of my
recollection I heard a remark passed that she
did not want the box filled, as she wanted to
put a amall present In It. I did not see the top
at that time. I have seen Mrs. Botkin, now
under arr*it on the charge of murdering Mrs.
J. P. Dunning. I have no recollection of her
face, but In height, build and walk she re~
sembles the woman who bought the candy
from Sylvia Heney on July 31. 1S98; her move
ment of body and the way in which she car
ries her head are the same as the woman who
bought the candy.
DUNNING KNOWS
HER HANDWRITING
Detective McVey Tells of an
Interview With Him on
the Subject.
Detective Bernard J. McVey, who came
from Delaware as the representative of
that State to take Mrs. Botkln back, if
the request for extradition be granted,
tells of Dunnihg's Identification of Mrs.
Botkln"8 handwriting. The salient points
of his affidavit follow:
On Monday, the 23d day of August, 189S, I
received at the town of Dover from Hon. John
B. Pennlngton, father of Mrs. Elizabeth Dun
ning, deceased, a package containing a box
Inclosing chocolate candies, handkerchtef and
the wrapper. I also received from the Hon. R.
C. White, Attorney General of the State of
Delaware, a note and the writing known as
the anonymous letter and envelope inclosing
the same.
The box and candy and contents were repre
sented to me by Mr. Fenntngton as being the
box and contents received by Mrs. Dunning
through the mall at Dover, Delaware, on the
9th day of August, 1898, and the wrapper was
also represented to me as being the wrapper
containing the stamps and postmark which
surrounded the box, candy and contents re
ceived by Mrs. Dunning on said August ?, 1898.
I am acquainted with John P. Dunning, the
husband of Elizabeth Dunning, deceased. Be
fore starting; for California I saw him in the
town of Dover. At the time of my interview
with Mr. Dunning I had present the note and
the letter known as the anonymous letter, and
the envelope supposed to have Inclosed the
anonymous letter. All of the letters were shown
to John P. Dunning. The Attorney General
said: "Those are the anonymous letters re
ceived by your wife." Dunning then read the
letters, making the remark: "She deceived
me. She led me to believe that Mrs. Seely
had written those letters. I did not receive the
original letter. It was a copy of this letter I
received from my wife at Salt Lake City,
which I forwarded to Mrs. Botkin at Ban
Francisco, and she wrote me stating that It
was Mrs. Seely's writing."
Then the Attorney General asked him If he
could Identify the writing. Dunning replied
he knew It as Mrs. Botkln's, as he had re
ceived over 300 letters from her and had also
seen her write. Then the Attorney General
handed Dunning the not" which was stated
to have been the note Inclosed In the box of
candy received by Mrs. Dunning from San
Francisco, and asked him If he could identify
that writing. His answer was "That Is con
sistent with the rest." Dunning said that he
had written a letter to Mrs. Botkin. telling
her that he was going East to live with hlB
wire as soon as the war was over, which
would be In a few weeks. ' -""ig the reasons
I have for thinking this case should be tried
in the State of Delaware le tne fact that Hon.
John B. Pennlngton. who would be one of the
principal witnesses for the State, is a resident
of Dover. Del., and Is a man 80 years of age
or thereabouts and is in a feeble bodily condl-'
Hon. I know he would not be physically able
to stand the trip from Delaware to California
to attend the trial of the case. There are also
doctors who have been called in and by reason
of their knowledge become witnesses In this
case, and I do not believe they would be will
ing to leave their business In Dover, Del., for
the time that would necessarily be consumed
In the trial of the case here, they not being
amenable to the process of this State.
MRS. BOTKIN'S
PREMONITIONS
Miss Livernash and Mrs.
Rauof Deal With Y\er Con
fessions and pears.
Through the columns of The Call the
evidence of Miss Lizzie Livernash has
been previously given. Miss Livernash
was the constant companion of Mrs. Bot
kin during the trip from Healdsburg to
Stockton by way of San Francisco, and
in her affidavit deals solely with the
hysterical condition of Mrs. Botkin at
that time, as well as with her admissions
of intimacy with Dunning. The orgies at
927 Geary street are described at length,
as is the scene in Stockton upon the first
meeting of Mrs. Botkin with her husband
after she had learned that suspicion
haa rested upon her.
Of this Miss Livernash says:
"At Stockton we were met at the train by
Mr. Botkin; he conducted us to the Imperial
Hotel; as soon as Mr. Botkin appeared Mrs.
Dotkin was again visibly affected to such an
extent that it required both of us to assist
her to the hotel; arriving there Mr. Botkin
requested to be left alone with his wife for
a few moments and standing in the corridor,
right near the door, the transom being open,
I could distinctly hear every word Mrs. Botkin
said to her husband. She beseeched and im
plored and begged him to give me a statement
for publication In the Examiner saying that
the fault was his that they lived apart. Bhe
said, 'You must do It— you must do It; you
must shield me for you have the power to
save my life; you must save my life; you
must say that the fault is yours that we live
apart; if you do not help me, If you do not
save my life I will hound that woman to the
very ends of hell.' "
Speaking of the quarrel with her dis
polute son, Beverly Botkin, which was an
episode of the same meeting, Miss Liver
nash says:
"When I stepped Into the room Mrs. Botkin
was on her knees before her son crying and
carrying on In a very hysterical manner; her
son was also prying. He exclaimed, "Why,
Jack Dunning loves my mother.' Mrs. Botkin
exclaimed, 'Beverly, Beverly, you will ruin
me.'
"Alone In our own rooms after we had left
the son and husband. Mrs. Botkin exclaimed to
me that her son had the power to damn her.
The knowledge that Mrs. Almlra Raouf
of Healdsburg might have of the case
has been much speculated upon, but her
affidavit develops that what she knows
can be used only as corroborative evi
dence. It rambles through many mat
ters of utter insignificance, and is only
saved from valuelessness by two or three
points.
Of these her ready Identification of Mrs.
Botkln's handwriting with that of the
anonymous letters Is most remarkable.
Concerning that point Mrs. Raouf says:
"I am acquainted with Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
and have known her betw«*en seven and eight
years. I have .received, many ivtt«i» (mm her
wri.tten by herself, having been In eorre«pond
enee with her for two years and upward?. I
have been shown the anonymous letters, also
the original envelope a'Mresaed to 'Mrs. John
P. Dunning, Dover. Delaware'; also the orig
inal paper used as a wrapper and containing
two addresses. 'Mrs. John P. Dunning, Dover,
Delaware,' also the note, 'With love to your
self and baby. Mre. C' and in my opinion
and Judgment all the writings contained in
these several originals are in the handwriting
of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin."
Relative to the handkerchief alleged to
have been bought at the City of Paris,
Mrs. Raouf says:
" I have been shown the handkerchief of
which exhibit 6 Is a photographic copy. I saw
one similar to that when I was in company
with Mrs. JJotkln in the City of Paris, marked
'Z5 cents.' I was there with her and she asked
me if I did not think they were handsome. She
did not purehn.Be any at that time.
"On the Ist day of June I called to see Mrs.
Botkin at the Hotel Victoria, on California
and Hyde streets, in this city and county, hav
ing Just come from Stockton. It was about 11
o'clock In the forenoon. She asked me, when
I was in the miiilnery businees what I used
for WJeaehing hate I told her 1 never did that
sort of work, but always sent It out. She asked
'^.r *;■ - - ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fat ' ~~~~~^
Facts
for <T
Slim
Purses * —
\i /.,„.„._...«
V - / We-vc a balf-millioo dollar stocl^.
VI ; / ; V pf Clothing for Men, Boys and Children
VIA It's all that's good in quality and all
W ' ' that's late in style. We sell at whole-
f- . - sale prices and save you one-half on
i ; everything. You can dress well :on little
■ ■}-. ..-'jji.' money buy ing. from us, a dollar goes
/|\ such a long way here. Look and you'll
A V buy^-buy and you'll save money, * be.
. A money buying from us, for a dollar ■ goes .-
such a long way here. Look and you'll
buy— buy and you'll save money, be
satisfied and buy again.
X ■ - ■,»■■■■ ■> - - ■ ■ ' . -
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers,
":*l*"'/.." Proprietors Oregon": City Woolen Mills,
:: 121-123 Sansome Street, *
Between Bush and Pine. *
Look for All Blue ;; Signs. - .
<•-•*' -.- ' ' / LOOK OUT FOR IMITATOKS.
ime If I ever heard of uajng arsenic. I tod
her I never had, and she told me that Bhe h*d
| been told that It was good, and I told her f
| such were the case and she wanted to bleaci
j h & ts - why. to use arsenic. She then asked nv'
! where she should get it. and I told her to g> '
i to some drug store where she was acquainted
' ?£!? x! t lm what Bhe wanted It for and I
| thought she would have no trouble in getting
HANDWRITING
IS EXPECTED
Kytka's Opinion of Mrs. Bot-
K'O's Chirograprjy, Based
on Comparison.
r>°,, H - He y nema "n. stenographer of the
Police Department, being shown the orig
inal statement of Mrs. Botkin, made to
| Chief Lees, recognizes tne signature as
being in her handwriting, it having been
written in his presence.
Theodore Kytka the handwriting ex
pert and document photographer, testi
fies that he has carefully examined th«
original writings of the letters and en
velopes addressed to Mrs. Price, and the
canceled original writing containing the
I address. "Mrs. W. A. Botkin, HeaJds
burg, Cal., care M. C. McClure," and rep
resented to be the handwriting of Mrs
Botkin. He has compared these writings
■ as exemplars with the original letters and
envelopes addressed to Mrs. J. P. Dun
ning, Dover, one dated June 17, 1897. anil
the other July 10, 1887, and also with the
original writing on t*.e purported wrapper
of the candy box, and the original writ-
Ing on the note in the box. Mr. Kytka
expresses the opinion that all of th?
handwriting above referred to 1 , Including
that in the letters and on the envelopes,
wrapper and note, are In the handwriting
of the same person who wrote the letter
and envelope inclosing the same to Mrs.
Price.
Mr. Kytka has also examined the orig
inal writing of Mrs. Botkin on her state
ment made to Chief Lees, and the writing
other than the address, to wit, "For Mr.
O. H. Heynemann. New City Hall. San
Francisco, California," consisting of the
capital letter "M." the words "Mr.."
"Mrs." and "Cor." He has compared
these writings as exemplars with the
writing of the letter and envelope ad-J
dressed to Mrs. Price, with the writing
containing the address. "Mrs. W. A. Bot
kin. Healdstrurg. California, care M. C.
McClure." and with the original letters
and envelopes addressed to "Mrs. J. P.
Dunning, Dover. Delaware," the writing
on the candy box wrapper and the note,
and also the writing In the body, exclu
sive of the stub in the three orders for ■
the change of address, and he is of the
opinion that all of the handwriting above
referred to is in the handwriting of the
same person who wrote the signature,
"Mrs. Cordelia Botkin " to the statement
made by Mrs. Botkin to Chief Lees.
HANDKERCHIEF
IS IDENTIFIED
Mrs. Harris Recognizes It by
the Price MarK. Texture
and Pattern.
Mrs. Grace Harris, employed at the
handkerchief counter in the City of Paris,
testifies that the linen handkprchlef Is of
the kind carried in stock by the com
pany. The handkerchiefs sold at the City
of Paris had upon them price marks and
figures identical to those upon the hand
kerchief shown to the witness. wh#.
printed them from a rubber type stamp.
In November and December. 1897, she oc
cupied her spare time in price-marking
the handkerchiefs, and from that time
until the present all handkerchiefs sold in
that store have those price marks. The
handkerchief shown to the witness is of
the same grade that has been sold all of
the time mentioned for 25 cents. She
Identifies the handkerchief In addition to
the price mark by the texture and pat
tern.
POSTAL MEN
TRACE THE BOX
Follow It on Its Fateful
Course From This City
to Dover.
Among the depositions taken here are
those of James W. Erwin, United States
Postofflce Inspector; John D. Dunnigan, a
mailing clerk, and Oscar A. Forster, a
letter carrier. The latter knew Mrs. Bot
kin, having handled her mail while she
resided at Victoria Hotel. He identifies
certain orders regarding change of ad
dress as having been received by him
from Mrs. Botkin in person.
Mr. Erwln traced the fateful box of
bonbons from the time they left this city
on August 4 until they were delivered to
Mrs. Dunning in Dover on August 9. The
times of their arrival at the principal
points en route were all carefully noted
to the minute. He identifies the cancel
ing mark on the package as having been
made at Station D, in this city.
Mailing Clerk Dunnigan tells of hand
ling- a package aaaressed to John P. Dun
ning in August. He noted it at the time,
owing to the similarity of the latter name,
to his own.AGUINALDO WILL
NOT GO AGAINST
THE AMERICANS
So the InsurgeQts Decide to Re
tire From tf}e Suburbs of
MaQila.
Soon tbe "Dictator" of the "Philippine Repub
lic" Will Cable a Statement to This
Country.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B,
by Jaicei Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Sept. 14.— Agutnaldo and
five of his subchiefs have concluded not
to provoke a conflict with Americans
at this time, and, obedient to General
Otis' orders, the insurgents -ire to-day
moving out of Malate, Eroita and
Santa Ana, General Pio Pilar is
throwing up strong works at Las Pinas
to protect Bakoor and the rebels' sup
ply depot at Imus.
The insurgent soldiers said the Amer
icans are to be attacked on October 5.
Their feeling is deeply aggravated by
the attitude of certain sensational
American newspapers. Aguinaldo is
preparing and will soon issue a state
ment to the American people. San
Francisco newspaper of August 2 con
tained a story of treachery, headed
"Perfildious Aguinaldo Hampers Amer
ican Troops." To this story the dicta
tor takes strong exceptions. Copies of
the paper, which were generally circu
lated here, finally reached the rebel
leader, and it was the last straw. Agui
naldo resolved to appeal to Americans,
cabling his own statement to the As-
Bociated Press. He will deny the
charges of treachery, or that he ever
Bought to hamper American operations,
and he will declare openly his willing
ness to accept an American protector
ate or annexation of the islands. He
will also disclaim any ambition for dic
tatorship or the presidency.
Private Smith of Company A, First
California Regiment, was drowned
while boating on the Paslg River to
day.
INSURGENTS EVACUATE
SUBURBS OF MANILA
MANILA. Sept- 14.— The insurgents
evacuated the suburbs of Manila to
day. They did so in a grand march,
In which nearly 3000 men took part,
carrying rifles, with colors waving,
bands playing and shouts of "Viva
Americanos!" "Viva Filipinos Libres!"
LONDON, Sept. 15.— The Manila cor
respondent of the Times, telegraphing
Wednesday, says: Fully 15,000 insur
gent troops evacuated the suburbs to
day. The Americans gave a parade
and granted full military honors, per
f.(t Harmony prevailed and the natives
were evidently delighted at the oppor
tunity of public display of the efficiency
of their troops ir drill. 1 The firmness
MAY NOW FIGHT
A FIERCE DUEL
Rivera and d'Almenas
Again Clash.
THE GENERAL ON DEFENSE
THE COUNT'S TALK WAS MIS
ERABLE SLANDER,
Sagasta Causes the Cortes to Adjourn
in Order to Prevent Further
Publicity of the
... | | ScandaL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Sept. 14. — General Prlmo
de Rivera has demanded an inquiry in
to his administration of the Philippine
Inlands, and in doing so he said the at
tacks of Count d'Alraenas were only
"fit for the mouth of a miserable Blan-
derer."
Count d'Almenas was endeavoring to
reply when Senor Sagasta read the de
cree proroguing the Cortes.
Count d'Almenas and General Rivera
separated, approached the President in
a hostile manner, and a duel is ex-
pected.
Premier Sagasta afterward read the
decree in the Chamber of Deputies.
It is expected that the Spanish peace
commissioners will be appointed with-
out delay.
A painful impression has been caused
here by a statement made by the Pals
saying the United States intends to de
mand $20,000,000 Indemnity in behalf of
American citizens who have suffered
through tthe insurrection in Cuba. The
Spanish peace commissioners will
strongly oppose this, it is claimed, but
fears prevail that the United States
will become pitiless and press itß ad
vantage to the utmost.
The Queen Regent signed the protocol I
bill this evening. The Government had
intended the Cortes to sit until an in
demnity for the suspension of the con
stitutional guarantees had been passed,
but the threatened agitation on the
part of General Weyler and others, to
gether with the evidence of divisions in
both the Liberal and the Conservative
parties, convinced Senor Sagasta of the
advisability of closing down debates
which would have hindered the free
progress of the peace negotiations.
The Cortes will be next convoked to
ratify the final treaty of peace. It is
rumored that Senor Perio, Senor Crespo
and Senor Lara, members of the Cham
ber of Deputies, started for the French
frontier this evening.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: The
politicians for the most part favor an
entire renunciation of the Philippines
k in exchange for economic advantages.
W The Government closed the Cortes to- |
day (Wednesday) because It feared
complications through" the publicity a
continuance of the session would give
to the acts of the Spanish generals.
The Standard says editorially this
morning, after congratulating Senor
Sagasta and the Government upon
and tact of General Otis have produced
an excellent result. The Governor of
Iloilo is facilitating commerce, accord
ing to his agreement, and tru^e with
the southern ports Increases daily.
IOWA AND OREGON
WILL JOIN DEWEY
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Secretary Long Informed me to-day
that the battleships lowa and Oregon
are under orders to proceed to Manila
via Honolulu for the purpose of rein
forcing Admiral Dewey's command.
The Secretary's statement is a con-
firmation of the announcement made
by the Herald on Tuesday last that the
battleships would proceed to Manila.
In directing them to touch at Honolulu
the authorities were actuated by two
motives — first, by putting them in a
central position, where they could be
available for any duty in Pacific wa
ters which might be considered desir
able: and second, because they did not
care to . send reinforcements to Rear
Admiral Dewey before the armistice
now in force between the United States
and Spain expired. It Is expected in
official circles that the battleships and
five colliers which will accompany
them will be ready to sail for the Pa
cific by Monday next.
While believing there will be no In
ternational developments to change the
programme, the authorities do not pro
pose to be in such a position that they
cannot modify instructions to vessels in
case of necessity. And It Is for this
reason that they desire them to touch
at certain points, report their arrival
and receive any orders the department
may find it advisable to send them.
So far as Germany is concerned the au
thorities say there is nothing in the at
titude of that Government to cause a
belief that it proposes to interfere with
any disposition of the Philippine? that
this Government may see fit to make.
It Is appreciated, however, that it will
be the part of wisdom, for the United
States to put in the Pacific a force
which will be so formidable as to dis
courage even a suggestion of interfer
ence. It fs ror this reason that the Ore
gon and lowa have been sent to Join
Rear Admiral Dewey rather than be
cause of any pressing emergency.
"having survived a difficult period suc
cessfully," that the danger is now over.
Spain, it continues, appears reconciled,
knowing that whatever differences may
arise in the peace negotiations she is
bound to yield. As to reports that in
demnity will be demanded the United
States knows that no money can be got
out of Spain and is therefore unlikely
to make such a demand seriously. If
the United States secures Luzon it is
most probable that Spain will give up
the remainder of the islands as a use
less incumbrance.
ELIZABETH'S BODY IS
SENT FROM SWITZERLAND
Casket Containing the Remains of
Austria's Late Empress Buried
in Floral Offerings.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Sept. 14.— The
casket containing the remains of the late
Empress of Austria, borne on a four-horse
car and followed by two other cars almost
burled In floral offerings, was conveyed to
the railroad station here at 8:30 o'clock
this morning. An enormous concourse of
people witnessed the ceremony. The cor
tege was led by the representatives of the
Imperial Court, followed by the Federal
Council, headed by the President and th«
Geneva Council. The firemen lined the
streets. The brilliant sunshine made a
striking contrast to the gloomy aspect of
the mourners. The funeral train left here
at 9 o'clock.
The funeral car was ornamented with
silver wreaths, surmounted by a silver
cross and had white plumes at each cor
ner. The caHket was of polished oak, with
silver mountings. It was almost hidden
beneath floral tributes^ On the arrival of
the hearse at the railroad station, which
was hung with black drapery, the coffin
was removed, the remains of the Empress
were ceremoniously blessed and the casket
was placed in the railroad car, which was
then sealed. After this the Austrian offi
cials embarked on the train and it de
parted from this city.
VIENNA, Sept. 14.— 1n accordance with
the Emperor's wishes, the remains of his
wife, the late Empress Elizabeth, will be
Interred beside those of Crown Princ©
Rudolph. Interment on Saturday, there
fore, will be only temporary.
TRIESTE, Austria, Sept. 14.— The anti-
Italian demonstrations here were renewed
last evening. An attack upon the Italian
club being feared, a detachment of 200
policemen was sent to guard the build
ing. The police and soldiery arrested 120
rioters. Many of the latter had arms in
their possession.
BERNE. Sept. 14.— The assassin, it Is
said, has written to the Presidpnt of the
Swiss confederation, asking to be tried at
Lucerne, where capital punishment is in
force. He now admits that he attended
an anarchists' club at Lausanne, where it
was decided to assassinate some great
personage. Six members of the club nave
been placed under arrest.
The assassination has produced a great
revulsion of feeling among the Swlas peo
ple in favor of capital punishment.
UNION IRON WORKS
TO BUILD THE OHIO
Contracts for the Construction of the
Three New Battleships Will
Be Awarded To-Day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long has directed that the battleship
which is to be built by the Union Iron
Works shall be named the Ohio The
Cramps will build the Maine, and the
Newport News Company the Missouri.
The contract* were not awarded to
these firms to-day on account of a change
necessary to be made in the wording of
the recommendation of the board of con
struction, but they will be awarded to
morrow.
Photographing Bound, the latest
discovery of science, in next Sunday'!
Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
WEST INDIES
ARE SWEPT BY
FATAL STORMS
Hundreds Meet Death 1q Ruirjs of
Houses ar)d Thousands Are
Homeless.
Kingston, the Capital of St. Vincent, Totally
Destroyed, With a Tremendous
Loss of Life.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1.. Sept. 14.—Ac
cording to the latest reports from Bt.
Lucia the storm which broke upon the
island last Sunday developed almost
unprecedented violence, being accom
panied by a tidal wave and tremendous
rains. Numerous landslides were caused
and many houses, bridges and estates
have been destroyed. At least twelve
lives have been lost.
Guadaloupe, the French island In the
Leeward group, has experienced very
heavy weather. Nineteen deaths are
reported.
A boat from the island of St. Vincent,
100 miles west of Barbadoes, arrived to
day at the island of Grenada and re
ports that St. Vincent has experienced
the most violent and destructive cy
clone ever known there.
Kingston, the capital of St. Vincent,
Is totally destroyed. It is estimated
that 300 lives have been lost in that isl
and and that 2500 people are homeless.
The bodies of the dead are being burled
in trenches. Thousands are starving
or being fed at the public expense.
BUCKLEY COMING
TO LABOR FOR
JUDGE MAGUIRE
f^cturQS prom New Yorl^ to Ta^e
a Hand in the California
Campaign
PORTLAND, Sept. 14.— Chris Buckley, accompanied by
his wife and child, was In Portland to-day, having arrived
from New York. He declined to be Interviewed, but In con
versation with a friend remarked that he Intended to take
an active part In the coming campaign in California, having
received an urgent request to work In the interest of Ma
gulre. Buckley left for San Francisco on to-night's train.
REQUEST OF THE
TURKS REJECTED
Admirals Will Not Grant
Delay in Crete.
MUST DISARM MUSSULMANS
AND DELIVER UP RINGLEADERS
OF THE MASSACRE.
Constantinople Government Sends
Out a Circular Alleging That
the British Provoked
the Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CANEA, Island of Crete, Sept. 14.—
The admirals of the international fleet
at Canea have rejected the request of
the Turkish authorities for an exten
sion of time In which to comply with
the ultimatum to Edhem Pasha, Turk
ish Governor of Crete, demanding that
within forty-eight hours he should de
liver up the ringleaders of the recent
outbreak and massacre, surrender the
forts and ramparts commanding the
town and disarm the Mussulman
troops.
It la reported that Mr. Riddle, secre
tary of the American legation at Con
stantinople, is coming here- in connec
tion with the American demand for
compensation for the destruction of
the American consulate.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 14.— The
Turkish Government has sent a circu
lar to the powers alleging that the
British provoked the disorders at Can
dia, claiming that the present situa
tion is due to the measures adopted by
the powers in crete and protesting
against the bombardment of Candla.
The Porte announces its refusal to
withdraw the Turkish troops irom
Crete In B-Mte of the statement of the
ad IralH that such a step is absolutely
necessary. The circular has made a bad
Impression in diplomatic circles.
CANDIA, Island of Crete, Sept. 14.—
The Bashl Bazouks have consented to
disarm, provided their arms are deliv
ered to the Turkish authorities.
The Mussulman authorities, in view
of the admirals" ultimatum, have al
ready arrested twenty ringleaders of
the recent massacres here.
REPLY OF SPANISH
COMMISSIONERS
Satisfactory to the American Repre
sentatives Who Are Arrang
ing Evacuation.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Sept 14.— The
United States Porto Rico Evacuation
Commission met this morning. The reply
of the Spanish commissioners, setting
forth their position In accordance with the
Instructions from Madrid, was received
last night. It Is satisfactory to our com
missioners, who hope the main details of
the evacuation win be arranged within
a few days. The proctocol says "Imme
diate" evacuation, which is construed to
mean a reasonable time.
; It la understood that a Spanish steamer |
The amount of property destroyed In
St. Vincent cannot yet be estimated.
Every small house is down and many
large ones have been destroyed. The
demolished buildings include churches,
stores and almost all the state build
ings. Three large ships are ashore on
the Windward coast and many smaller
vessels are stranded.
No information Is obtainable here
from Barbadoes as to the results of the
threatened h,urrioane of Saturday nieht
last. Communication is cut off and the
worst is feared.
TERRIBLE HURRICANE
SWEPT OVER BARBADOES
Two Hundred Persons Have Been
Wounded and Forty Thousand
Rendered Homeless.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— Advices were re
ceived here late to-night saying that a
terrible hurricane has swept over Bar
badoes, In the Windward group of the
Lesser Antilles. Two hundred persons
have been wounded and 40,000 have been
rendered homeless.
is expected here In a few days from Cadiz,
to embark the first detachment of troops;
the Prlncipado de AustTias regiment,
numbering 800 men, who arrived here
from Cuba prior to the outbreak of the
war, and a battalion of engineers.
The steamer expected here to embark
the first detachment is the Conde Wlfredo
of 2767 tons, belonging to the Pinillos line.
She left Cadiz September 1 for this port
and for Havana.
SENATOR HOAR OFFERED
THE LONDON MISSION
But the Veteran Massachusetts Sen
ator Will Decline to Go
Abroad.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— 1t is under
stood that President McKlnley has in
vited Senator Hoar, the senior Senator
from Masachusettß, to accept the London
mission to succeed Mr. Hay. While a
definite response has not yet been re
ceived, it is gathered that the Senator
will probably decline on the ground that
he would be more serviceable to the coun
try in his present condition, while the
delicate health of Mrs. Hoar renders a
change of climate inadvisable at her time
of life.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.-The Washington
correspondent of the Press says that if
Senator Hoar accepts the post of Embas
sador to England, and Secretary Long is
appointed his successor, Colonel Roose
velt may become Secretary of the Navy.
FAURE WILL NOT
NOW INTERVENE
Minister of War Zurlinden Expected
to Resign From the
Ministry.
PARIS, Sept. 14.— A semi-official note
issued this evening says: All the state
ments of the newspapers regarding the
alleged intervention of the President of
the republic in the Dreyfus affair are
incorrect. This is Interpreted to mean
that there will be no presidential crisis.
It is now taken for granted that Gen
eral Zurlinden, Minister of War, will
resign on Saturday, all the efforts of
his colleagues to persuade him to ac
cept revision having failed.
When General Zurlinden's successor
is appointed he will find the courts of
cassation all set in motion for revision.
Plenty of Food at Dawson.
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept. 14.— The
steamship Discovery, arriving here to
night from SkagUay, Alaska, brings ad
vices from Dawson up to August 27. It
is stated the Canadian police have c6m
pletcd a thorough Investigation of the
rood supply for the coming winter. They
report that the amount on hand is more
than sufficient to carry the camp through
the winter. _
Dan Stuart's Offer.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Dan Stuart
to-night sent by telegraph an offer to
Kid McCoy and Jim Corbett for the
big fight. Stuart offered a purse or
percentage of the gate receipts for the
fight, which Jie will guarantee to bring
off at Carson City in November. He
asked the two men to name a time and
place for a meeting to discuss the light.
Preston Annex Contract Let.
STOCKTON, Sept. 14.— The contract
for all the brickwork on the new Pres
ton School annex at lone was awarded
to J. C. Doyle of this city for $15,195.
This is for the labor alone, aa the State
furnished all the material, delivered on
the ground.
Victim of the Jerome Fire.
SAN JOSE/ Sept. 15.— M. J. Ashmore,
supposed to be one of the victims of
the Jerome fire, was formerly County
Clerk of this county and is the father
in-law of Thomas F. Morrison, cashier
of the Garden City Bank, and Republi
can nominee for County Clerk.
ACCEPTS TERMS
OF THE PROTOCOL
Bill Passed by the Span
ish Parliament.
BOTH HOUSES HAVE ACTED
WASHINGTON OFFICIALS NOW
FEEL EASIER.
It Is Stated That the United States
May Find It Necessary to
Retain All the Phil
ippines,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Much sat
isfaction was expressed to-day over the
reports from Madrid that the lower
house of Parliament had passed the
Government bill accepting the terms of
the protocol.
The upper house already has passed
this measure, so that the last fear of
the legislative opposition of the trans
fer of Cuba, the Ladrones and. Porto
Rico is over. The authorities here feel
that this carries them by a danger
point, as it has been feared for some
time that the animosities in the Span
ish Cortes would lead to the defeat of
the Sagasta Ministry on the question
of evacuating the Spanish islands,
either in one branch or the other.
It is not doubted that the commis
sion will start the. negotiations at Paris
with the assertion that we have con
quered Spain in the Philippines, and
that Spanish sovereignty has already
been forfeited there. This will not,
however, necessarily signify that it is
the purpose of the administration to re
tain possession of the entire group of
islands, or to permanently deprive
Spain of all her possessions in the Pa
cific.
It is not believed that the adminis
tration has gone beyond the determina
tion to retain the whole of the island
of Luzon, but it is understood to be the
intention of the President to establish
at the outset the right of this Govern
ment to determine the fate of the is
lands.
The matter of relinquishing posses
sion of the rest of the islands Is in
volved with so many conditions to be
considered that it is realized that it
may by force of circumstances become
necessary to deprive Spain permanent
ly of all her possessions in that quar
ter. It is understood not to be a mat
ter of policy to acquire all this terri
tory, but it may become a necessity.
The commercial and trade side of the
question, as involving the development
and expansion of our commerce in the
Pacific, is occupying chief attention in
connection with determining our
policy. ___^ _
WASHINGTON COAL
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Fairfax Mines East of Tacoma to Be
Developed on a Largo
Scale.
TACOMA, Sept. 14.— Increased demand
for coal on the Pacific Coast, particularly
at Ban Francisco, has led to the open
ing of the Fairfax mines, forty miles
eaat of Tacoma. They are owned by
the American Development Company, of
which H. W. McNeil, formerly general
manager of the Oregon Improvement
Company, is president. The product of
the veins now being opened, consisting
of domestic and steam coals, will be
shipped to San Francisco, beginning in
October. The mines will produce 1000 tons
daily at first, which will later be in
creased to 1500 tons. Other veins pro
duce blacksmithing and coking coal, and
will be opened next year, when an Im
mense coke-making plant is to be built.
A one-eighth mile branch of the Northern
Pacific Railway is being constructed
from Carbonado to the Fairfax mines,
where the new town of Fairfax has been
laid out.
Everything Is being done on a large
scale, funds for development being fur
nished by British capitalists, who are.
part-owners with President McNeil of the
British Columbia anthracite mines at
Banff. McNeil is one of the most prom
inent coal men on the Pacific Coast. In
shipping and mining circles It is predict
ed that his operation will result in lessen
ing shipments of British Columbia and
Australian coals to San Francisco.
It Is understood in shipping circles
that the company Is considering the ad
visability of using barges for carrying
coal down the coast.
COMMODORE WATSON
TO BE COMMANDANT
Eastern Squadron Disbanded and Its
Commander Ordered to the
Mare Island Navy- Yard
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The Herald
correspondent telegraphs from Wash
ington: Secretary Long Issued orders
to-day disbanding the Eastern squad
ron and assigning Its commander, Com
modore J. C. Watson, to duty as com
mandant of the Mare Island navy yard.
These orders indicate the firm belief
entertained by the administration that
there is no danger of a resumption of
hostilities. The Eastern squadron was
formed Just before the destruction of
Cervera's fleet, when Admiral Camara's
command started for the Philippines,
and the object of its organization was
attained when Camara and his fleet
•were ordered back to Spain.
Commodore Watson has been ordered
to proceed in the Newark to Port An
tonio and there take steamer for New
York. His assignment to the Mare Isl
and navy yard was recently forecasted
by the Herald and is understood to be
thoroughly agreeable to him.
WILL INVESTIGATE
CAMP SCANDALS
Prominent Men Who Have Accepted
the Posts Tendered by the
President.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: I understand that six mem
bers of the War Department Investi
gating Commission have formally ac
cepted and that when another ap
pointment has been made and accept
ance is assured, the investigation will
begin. Those who are understood to
have consented to serve are: Evan P.
Powell, Atlanta, Ga. ; Former Minister
Charles Denby, Indiana; Colonel James
A. Sexton of Illinois; D. C. Gillman,
president fo Johns Hopkins University,
Baltimore; Dr. W. W. Keene of Phil
adelphia, Pa.; General Granville M.
Dodge, New York.
It is reported to-night that the Presi
dent in order to make up the committee
of seven is urging Lieutenant General
Schofield to serve, notwithstanding his
reluctance to do so. ■
To Core a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drna-giata refund the money if It falls to cure.
Ko. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
OVERLAND FLYER
WRECKED BY
RUNAWAY CARS
Disaster Between Loomis and
Penryn iQ Wtych five Per
sons are Injured.
Fireroan Pinned Under tbe Engine and the
Express Messenger Buried Under
Broken Tin)bers.
ROCKLIN, Cal., Sept. 15.-1:30 a. m.
Three loaded cars which were stand
ing on a siding at Newcastle started
down the grade about 11 o'clock last
night, and when running at a high rate
of speed struck the overland flyer No.
3, half way between Loomis and
Penryn.
The two engines and mail and ex
press cars were badly wrecked, and five
persons are known to have been In
jured, though no deaths have been re
ported.
Both engineers and firemen stuck to
their posts. The fireman of the forward
engine Is Imprisoned under his ma
chine, and the express messenger is
buried under th£ wreck of his car.
Tom E. Newton, brother of the Sac
rameto yardmaster, was the engineer
of the forward engine, and his fireman
was Charles Brown of Sacramento.
CHANGES IN RATES
ARE NOW ANNOUNCED
BEBATE ON SECOND CLASS TICK
ETS DISCONTINUED.
The New List of Passenger Charges
From California to Chicago,
St. Paul and St. Louis.
The Southern Pacific Company announc
ed some Important changes in passenger
rates yesterday. The rates will go into
effect on September 23, and will be effec
tive until November 3 of this year.
The rates from San Francisco, San Jose,
Redding-, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, River-
Bide, Redlands and main line Intermediates
over the Canadian Pacific Railway, through
Portland and Port Arthur, to points In Canada
and the Eastern British provinces; points In
territory north and east of the northern bound
ary of Pennsylvania, between Lake Erie and
Waverly, N. V. ; also to points on or north and
east of the line of the Lehlgh Valley Railroad,
between Waverly and Jersey City via Bernlce,
will be the lowest rate used via Portland and
St Paul to same points over either the North
ern Pacific Railroad or the Great Northern
Railway. ' ■/ l_
Rates from Ban Francisco. San Jose, Red
ding, Los Angeles, San Bernardino. Riverside,
Redlands and main line Intermediates will be
as follows: To Chicago via Ogden or El Paao,
Deming, Los Angeles, Mojave or Portland,
$S7 75, first-class limited: to St. Paul via same
routes, $57 75, first-class limited; to Minne
apolis via same routes, $57 75, first-class lim
ited; to St. Louis via Ogden or El Paso. Dem-
Ing, Los Angeles or Mojave, $55 first-class lim
ited; to St. Louis via Portland and Missouri
River, $62 75, flrst-claes limited; to Chicago via
Ogden or El Paso. Deming. Mojave or Port
land, $47 75. second-class; to St. Paul or Min
neapolis via same routes, $47 75, second-class;
to St. Louis via Ogden or El Paso, Deming or
Mojave, $4ij, second-class; to St. Louis via
Portland and Missouri River, $52 75, second-
class.
Rates to points beyond Chicago or Bt. Louis
will be made by adding the rates from Chicago
or St. Louis (as the case may be), and the
lower rate thus made will apply through either
of those gateways over routes usual for ehort
line rates.
The sale of second-class tickets at reduced
rates on the rebate plan will cease over all
routes on September 24, 1898.
; . ADVEBTISEMENTS. ......
O
I j^f We have our com- jL
♦■ sfl[ plete stock of Chil- Jjfr\
1; ff dren's Fa " and Winter (s^C>?
0 P*'"^ Suits now on hand.
1 And a magnificent *
t jL stock it is, too. JK
> wSmH <' Dainty little suits with swell trim- ji
° lF^«# ( ' m ' n 2 s or the little tots ; stronger / ■mm
.1 ■■'.-'..- ■ J'l — • '^ fabrics: and simpler styles for the ', „ :^W ".-■'
[ 4 ?r *•-•:•_.-■*-<■•.■ ,' older boys, and duplicates of men's ,' . i"
'9'V : ' ' i[ styles for, the ; youths — and in every (| /"]
l q ;v^ (i( i suit originality and novelty; lowest j> (
♦ \*^ ( ( prices and; the. greatest serviceable- i] . J
';* ■■'■■■ ! jR. ■'•'•'! ness.. Every child's garment. a' mar- ]> . 4&
? '' vel of beauty, utility and economy. / «^***S
J //i Two particular values fp^P .
j W^^ your particular attention iffij '
i is directed to : jfZ ;
:♦' /vi. -. ' : : ■ -••* ,•' i' ■■ ;■ • •. : " ■"■' ■■■
? . BREASTED DOUBLE-BREASTED '
♦ -, - ' REEFER SUITS— S U IT S-jCoata have *.
?S .ill \\\. '^ C°atBC ° at8 have larKe 6ai - :^»>^'
O ;I\\\ \Y,> < lor collars , and sou- from 8r to ,14; years; ' tf^ (
♦ \\ \|^^\' t -» tache braid; all wool; extremely new styles; *■'*». '
« \\ JnßX\>> •" "very best wearers the very best of wear- JN&&% (
♦ V flii^ .-suit,, handsomer. ersMf not abso.ute^y , /V)»
O IHPk • and cannot be dupli- fun ,3ed at any time **LW !
4 JB'I!MI Seated - cated elsewhere un- and no questions asked >^ BL
O flB|H der double this price; as to why not pat- •/ I H^| ■ '
x 1M S^A -■:•'* sizes 4to S years; our isfactorj 1 : our own /IB '
q W BBS own manufacture. make and guaranteed. • I / \/^f ' <
| ™ $2.35^52.35. w !
is.N:wooD&co. i
? : 718 Market St., S. F. i
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15.— Latest re
ports of the train wreck near Loomis,
received at 2 a. m., say that nobody
was killed, but that the train crew
was more or less injured. Absolutely
no names or details as to these In
juries are obtainable, but the positive
declaration is made that the injuries
are not of a serious nature. The run
away cars were totally wrecked.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— A wreck
ing train was sent out from here, and
it will take about six hours to clear the
track and replace the front engine,
which was overturned. It is under
stood the passenger coaches suffered no
serious injury, only some of the plat
forms being damaged.
The overland flyer No. 3 referred to
is the train that left the foot of Market
street at 6 p. m. yesterday, eastbound,
with many passengers and the Euro
pean as well as Eastern mails.
GREAT SORROW
OF MRS. BOTKIN
Overwhelmed With Grief Over
Dunning's Departure for
the Seat of War.
Mrs. Loretta Simpson, landlady of the
Victoria Hotel preceding Airs. Price, who
succeeded her in last April, swears that
Mrs. Botkin applied for rooms at that
house two or three months before the
transfer, and was given a room on the
third floor, opposite that of J. P. Dun
ning. Mrs. Botkin Introduced Dunning aa
her cousin. They only breakfasted at the
hotel. Mrs. Botkin represented herself
as a newspaper woman. Inquiry was
made of Mrs. Nye, a lodging-house keeper
on California street, as to the reputation
of Mrs. Botkin, who had had a room In
her house. Mrs. Nye spoke very highly
of Mrs. Botkin.
Mrs. Botkin and Dunning came up to
gether to the Victoria, after having se
lected their rooms, and paid a month s
rent in advance. Dunning was In the
house only a week when he received a
telegram to go to Cuba, The next morn-
Ing Mrs. Botkin was very much excited,
crying and going on at a great rate, say-
Ing she thought that would be the last of
Dunning, that he surely would be killed.
She seemed very much worried and wu
almost crazy about his going away.
Mrs. Montgomery, who was Introduced
as a cousin of Mrs. Botkin, came to con
sole her. She remarked that she "did not
see what Mrs. Botkin could see In Dun
ning." Mrs. Botkin went on hysterically
before Dunning's departure and seemed
very much infatuated with him. Dunning
came to Mrs. Simpson with tears In his
eyes and asked her to be good and kind
to Mrs. Botkin. After he left Mrs. Simp
son heard of nothing but the war and
Cuba from Mrs. Botkin.
The largest lunatic asylum In Eng
land is at Prestwich, where the Lan
cashire County Asylum has over 2300
patients. Conley Hatch, In the parish
of Friern Barnet., in Middlesex, six
miles north from London, will accom
modate 2250 patients.
81
REPORTS ON THE
CUBAN CAMPAIGN
General Shafter Gives
the Details.
PREPARATIONS INCOMPLETE
BUT CONDITIONS DID NOT AD
MIT OF ANY DELAY.
Supplies Had to Be Taken Over a
Narrow Wagon Road, and Fear
Was Entertained of Ships
Being Driven to bee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— General
Shafter's report of the campaign which
terminated in the fall of Santiago has
been made public. He briefly recounts
the organization of the expedition and
Its embarkation, and then devotes the
main body of the report to the active
operations about Santiago. General
Shafter says the expedition was under
taken in compliance with telegrahpic
Instructions of May 30 from headquar
ters of the army, In which It was
stated: "Admiral Schley reports that
two cruisers and two torpedo-boats
have been seen In the harbor of San
tiago. Go with your force to capture
garrison at Santiago and assist in cap
turing harbor and fleet."
After reciting the delay at Tampa,
due to inadequate facilities. General
Bhafter says that on June 1 he received
orders to sail without delay, but not
with less than 10,000 men. After some
transports had already reached the
lower bay, telegraphic instructions
were received from the Secretary of
War directing that the sailing of the
expedition be delayed awaiting further
orders This delay was occasioned by
the navy reporting that a Spantsa wac
vessel had been sighted in the Nicholas
channel. The ships In the lower bay
w«re immediately recalled. The expe
dition sailed on June 14 with 815 officers
and 15,072 men.
. General Shatter briefly covers the
trip and landing and his first meeting
■with General Garcia, adding: "Dur
ing the interview General Garcia of
fered the services of his troops, com
prising about 4000 men, in the vicinity
of Aserradores, and about 5000 under
General Castillo at the little town of
Cujababa, a few miles east of Baiquiri.
I accepted his offer, impressing it upon
him that I could exercise no military
control over him except such as he
would concede, and as long as he served
under me I could furnish him rations
and ammunition."
After conferring with Admiral Samp
son and General Garcia, the plan of
campaign was outlined by General
Shatter. The disembarkation was to
commence on the 22d at Baiquiri, with
feints by the Cubans on Cabanas and
by the navy at various shore points In
order to mislead the enemy as to the
place of landing.
General Shatter says: "These move
ments permitted me to approach San
tiago from the east over a narrow road,
at first in some places no better than
a trail, running from Baiquiri through
Siboney and Sevllla, and making at
tack from that quarter. This, in my
opinion, was the only feasible plan and
subsequent information and results
confirmed my judgment."
Of the early operations and the skir
mish, in which the Rough Riders par
ticipated, he says:
General Young's brigade passed beyond
Lawton in the night of the 23d and 24th,
thus taking the advance, and on the
morning of the latter date became engag
ed with a Spanish force entrenched in a
strong position at La Guasima, a point
on the Santiago road about thirty miles
from Siboney. General Young's force
consisted of one squadron of tfie First
Cavalry, one of the Tenth Cavalry and
two of the First T'nited States Volunteer
Cavalry, in all 964 officers and men. The
enemy made an obstinate resistance, but
were driven from the field with consid
erable loss. Our own loss was one offi
cer ami fifteen men killed, six officers
and fifty-six men wounded. The report
ed losses of the Spaniards were nine
killed and twenty-seven wounded. The
engagement had an inspiring effect on
our men. and, doubtless, correspondingly
depressed the enemy, as it was plainly
demonstrated to them that they had to
face a foe who would advance upon them
under a heavy fire delivered from en
trenchments. General Wheeler, division
commander, was present during the en
gagement, and reports that our troops,
officers and men. fought with the great
est gallantry. This engagement gave us
a well-watered country farther, to the
front on which to encamp our troops
It was not until nearly two weekß after
the army landed that It was possible to
place on shore three days' supplies in '
excess of those required for the daily i
consumption. On June 30 I reconnoitered
the country about Santiago and made
my plan of attack. From a high hill
from which the city was in plain view'
I could see the San Juan hill and coun
try about El Caney. . The roada were
very poor, and, in fact, little better than
bridle paths until the San Juan River
and El Caney were reached.
General Shafter explained at a meet
ir.g of generals his plan of battle, which
follows: . ,
Lawton's division, assisted by Capron's
light battery, was ordered to move out
during the afternoon toward El Ca
ney to begin the attack there early
the next morning. After carrying
El Caney Lawton was to move
by the Canfy road toward San
tiago and take a position on th* right of
the line. Wheeler's division of dis
mounted cavalry and Kent's division of
infantry were directed on the Santiago
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something" outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sort* of people are
using it.
PROMOTION FOR BLACK.
State Superintendent Elected President
of the San Diego Normal School.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion Samuel T. Black was to-day elected president of the State Nor
mal School at San Diego at the joint meeting of the State Normal
Boards, which assembled at the Governor's office.
After a long consultation by the boafd Mr. Black was elected by ac
clamation and received the congratulations of his many friends. Mr.
Black considers the presidency of the Normal as a promotion for
past labors creditably performed. His salary will be $3400 per year
and will begin October 1.
Mr. Black announced to-night that he would resign his office as
Superintendent of Public Instruction on October 1, when he would
remove to Ban Diego. It is quite well understood that his succes
sor will be C. E. Meredith, principal of the High School at Azusa,
Los Angeles County, and one of the applicants for the place for
which Mr. Black was chosen.
road, the head of the column resting
near El Poso, toward which heights
Grimes' battery moved on the afternoon
of the 30th, with orders to take position
there early on the next morning, and at
the proper time prepare the way for the
advance of Wheeler and Kent on San
Juan hill. The attack at this point was
to be delayed until Law ton's guns were
heard at El Caney and his infantry firing
showed he had become well engaged. The
preparations were far from what I de
sired them to be, but we were in a sickly
climate, our supplies had to be brougnt
forward by a narrow wagon road which
the rains might at any time render im
passable; fear was entertained that a
storm might drive the vessels containing
our supplies to sea, thus parting us from
our base of supplies, and, lastly it was
reported that General Pando, with 8000
reinforcements for the enemy, was en
route from Manzanillo and might be ex
pected in a few days. Under these con
ditions I determined to give battle with
out delay.
The report goes on to give in detail
an account of the fighting that led up
to the surrender of Santiago by the
Spaniards. Gallantry of division, bri
gade and regimental commanders and
officers of lesser rank is duly praised.
General Shatter then gives the de
tails of the final surrender, his entry
into the city of Santiago and the rais
ing of the American flag. In closing he
says:
Before closing my report I wish to
dwell upon the natural obstacles I had to
encounter and which no foresight could
have overcome or obviated. The rocky
and precipitous coast afforded no shelter
for landing places, the roads were mere
bridle paths, the effect of the tropical
sun and rains upon unaccllmated troops
was deadly, and a dread of strange and
unknown diseases had its effect on the
army.
At Baiquiri the landing of the troops
and stores was made at a small wooden
wharf, which the Spaniards tried to burn,
but unsuccessfully, and the animals were
pushed into the water and guided to a
sandy beach about 200 yards in extent.
At Siboney the landing- was made on the
beach and at a small wharf erected by
the engineers. I had neither the time nor
the men to spare to construct permanent
wharves. In spite of the fact, that 1 had
nearly 1000 men continuously at work- on
the roads, they were at times impassable
for wagons.
The Ban Juan and Aguadores rivers
would often suddenly rise so as to- pre
vent the passage or wagons, and then
the eight pack trains with the command
had to be depended upon for the victual
ing of my army as well as the 20,000
refugees who could not In the Interests of
humanity be left to starve vufclle we had
rations. Often for days nothing could be
moved except on pack trains.
After the great physical strain and ex
posure of July 1 and 2 the malarial atfd
other fevers began to rapidly advance
throughout the command, and on July 4
the yellow fever appeared at Siboney.
Though efforts were made to keep this
fact from . the army it soon became
known. The supply of quartermaster and
commissary stores during the campaign
was abundant, and notwitnstanding the
difficulties in landing the rations, the
troops on the firing lines were at all
times supplied with its coarse compo
nents, namely, oat bread, meat, sugar and
coffee. . There was no lack of transporta
tion, for at no time up to the surrender
could all the wagons I had be used.
In reference to the sick and woun-ded, I
have to say that they received every at
tention that it was possible to give them.
The medical officers without exception
worked night and day to alleviate the
suffering, which was no greater than in
variably accompanies a campaign. ft
would have been better If we had more
ambulances, but as many were taken as
was necessary, judging from previous
campaigns.
The discipline of the command was su
perb, and I wish to Invite attention to
the fact that not an officer was brought
to trial by court-martial, and, as far as
I know, no enlisted man. This speaks vol
umes for an army of this size and in a
campaign of such duration. In conclu
sion I desire to express to the members
of my staff my thanks for their efficient
performance of all the duties required of
them, and the good Judgment and bravery
displayed on all occasions when de
manded.
General Shafter recommends for pro
motion and brevets the following offi
cers: Lieutenant Colonel E. C. Mc-
Clernand, Lieutenant Colonel George
McDerby, Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Mi
ley, Major R. H. Knoble. Lieutenant
Colonel J. J. Aator, Lieutenant Colonel
B. F. Pope, Major S. W. Groesbeck,
Lieutenant Colonel Charles g. Humph
rey, Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Weston,
Major G. H. Starr, Major Leon Bou
gies, Major H. J. Gallagher, Captain
Brice, Captain E. H. Plummer, Cap
tain J. C. Gilmore Jr., Captain W. H.
McKittrick. He also mentions Dr. G.
Goodfellow and G. F. Hawkins of New
York for services performed, ariti ex
presses his warmest thanks to division,
brigade and regimental commanders
without exception.
The reports of division commanders,
which are attaphed, have already been
reported.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
MARGARET DEANE
FOR PRESIDENT
Again Honored by the
Catholic Ladies.
TENDERED A DENOMINATION
GRAND COTTNCTT WILL NAME
ITS OFFICE*,? TO-DAY.
Delegates Participate In an Informal
Reception and Entertainment
at the Hotel Del
Mar
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 14.— Mrs. Mar
garet Deane called the Grand Council
of the Catholic Aid Society to order
this morning at 9 o'clock. It opened
with prayer, followed by singing. Miss
Emma Russell of San Francisco pre
siding at the piano. Father Foley of
Alameda was introduced and gave a
stirring and beautiful ' address on
"Charity," eulogizing the work being
done by the order. His address was
received with applause.
Fraternal greetings from Miss Eliza
McDonald of the board of grand direc
tors were read.
Votes of thanks were tendered the
grand deputy, Miss Russell of San
Francisco, Mrs. John Rafferty, Mrs.
Judge Logan, Miss Mollie Regan and
Mrs. T. Thompson of Santa Cruz, and
a special vote of thanks to Santa Crua
Council, Young Men's Institute, for the
use of Its beautiful banner.
This afternoon many subjects In re
gard to the welfare of the order were
discussed. The subject of working and
promoting the extension of the Bociety
Was thoroughly gone Into, especially on
social lines. It waa decided that here
after quarterly meetings be held Jointly
by the branches in San Francisco Ala
meda and San Rafael, at which time
quarterly reports are to be read. Any
branch failing to do this is to be fined
12 50 and any branch in San Francisco
failing to send representatives to these
meetings is to be fined $2 60.
The report of Grand President Deane
was received very enthusiastically. The
work of each branch was taken up It
was very encouraging as all branches
seemed to be alive and working for the
best interests of the order and accom
plishing much in charity work among
the poor.
The following officers were nomi
nated:
President, Mrs. Margaret Deane of San
I* ranclsco.
Grand senior vice president, Mrs. Mar
cella Fitzgerald of Gilroy.
Grand junior vice president, Miss M. F.
Dorsey of San Luis Obispo.
Grand secretary. Miss Margaret Cur
tis of San Francisco.
Grand treasurer, Miss Mary Atkinson
of San Francisco.
Grand deputy, Miss Mary Garety of San
Francisco.
Grand directors are to be nominated
to-morrow. Officers will be elected to
morrow and installed in the evening, at
which time will occur the raffle for a
Santa Maria del Mar lot.
It was moved that the matter of or
ganizing a home for Catholic young
women be laid over to some future time.
Mrs. M. J. Lohse of Oakland was
elected a grand director. A letter of
regret was received and read from
Bishop Montgomery at St. Vibiana's
Cathedral at Los Angeles, and another
from. Rev. C. Vincent Lamb, O, P., at
the Dominican Monastery of San Fran
cisco.
Thig evening an Informal reception
and entertainment were held at Hotel
del Mar. To-morrow the Grand Coun
cil will be brought to a close.
BLACK MEASLES
AMONG INDIANS
1
Dread Disease Epidemic
Near Sumner.
FOUR VICTIMS HAVE DIED
BALANCE QUARANTINED ON A
HOP RANCH.
Qnlllayutea Afflicted With a Conta
gious Plague Work in the
Field With Whites
for Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Sept. 14.— One hundred
Quillayute Indians are quarantined on
Gardella's hop ranch, near Sumner,
suffering from an epidemic of highly
contagious black measles. The county
officials put quarantine regulations in
force this morning after an investi
gation. Guards were posted, two to
watch by day and two by night. None
of the Indians are permitted to leave
the camp. Plenty of water and wood
is provided for them.
These Indians are from Quillayute
reservation, on the Pacific Ocean,
north of Grays Harbor. They arrived
here in canoes two weeks ago, ex
pecting to earn their winter spending
money picking hops. They were first
employed on a hop ranch near the
County Poor Farm, between Puyallup
and Sumner. It was while there the
dreaded black measles broke out, and
within a few days four Indians had
died.
The Indians then became panic
stricken. The disease was spreading
rapidly among them and they deter
mined to leave. In the darkness, a few
nights ago, they broke camp and si
lently stole away. Concealing the fact
that the disease had broken out among
them with fatal effects, they applied
for and obtained work picking hops at
Gardella's ranch.
There were white pickers there, how
ever, and they were not long in learn
ing what had happened. Dr. Corliss
of Sumner was notified and visited the
Indians. He found them suffering
from black measles in its most virulent
form, several of the Indians being
nearly dead. Absolutely nothing had
been done to check its progress, the In
dians attributing its presence to anger
on the part of evil spirits. Corliss
promptly recommended quarantining
the entire band, and lent his assist
ance.
It will probably be weeks before the
disease can be stamped out and the
quarantine removed. When the Indians
are released hop picking will be over.
They w4ll go home empty-handed, and
there will be mourning in the lodges of
the Quillayute braves this winter when
the chill winds howl down their reserv
ation shores.
Before the sick Indians were quaran
tined hundreds of white pickers were
exposed to the black measles. Con
sternation prevails among them in fear
of a general epidemic. It is certain the
Quillayutes brought the disease from
their reservation.
CURRENCY DISCUSSIONS
AT THE^ OMAHA FAIR
National Committeeman Towne Sup
ports Silver and Is Replied to
by Ex-Governor Carey.
OMAHA, Sept. 14.— 1n taking the chair
to preside for the "silver day" at the
monetary conference, Senator Allen of
Nebraska voiced a hearty welcome on be
half of his State to the champions of all
sides of the money question who had met
to discuss the merits of their respective
claims.
At the morning session of the confer
ence, Mr. Crawford, who was to have
spoken yesterday, but did not reach
"Omaha in time, read his paper, and when
he had finished, Chairman Towne of the
Silver Republican National Committee de
livered his address upon "The Coinage
and Use of Silver as Standard Money Co
ordinately With Gold."
Former Senator Carey of Wyoming re
plied to Mr. Towne.
The principal speakers at the afternoon
session were George Fred Williams of
Boston and Congressman C. N. Fowler of
Elizabeth, N. J. Mr. Williams was the
first to speak. His conversion to the silver
theory he attributed to a philanthropic
reason Involved In what was to him a
great Question.
He was followed by Anson Wolcott of
Indiana, who reviewed financial legisla
tion with a purpose to show that It had
been destructive of the circulating med
ium; Judge Joseph Sheldon ofConnectlcut,
who upheld the quantitative theory of
money; President Thomas E. WUls of the
Kansas Agricultural College, who dis
counted the value of academic opinions
on economic questions generally. Wealth
dominated, he said. Institutions of learn
ing, and he cited the case of Professor
Andrews of Brown University to show
that college professors dai*e not teach
views contrary to the interests of the rich.
Then Congressman Fowler occupied the
platform for a half hour with a defense
of the gold standard.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
COLOMBIA AND ITALY END
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
Close of Intercourse Has Been An
nounced Briefly, but Not
Explained.
ROMB, Sept 14.— Italy, it Is announced,
declares that her diplomatic relations with
the Republlo ol Colombia are ended, Col
ombia refusing to recognise the British
minister as the Italian representative dur
ing the latter's absence.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— A dispatch
bearing on the diplomatic relations of
Italy and Colombia has been received by
9enor Rengifo, the Charge d'Affaires of
the latter country here. It is rather brief,
simply containing the statement by the
Minister of Foreign Affairs Paul, that
"diplomatic relations with Italy have been
declared interrupted."
It is pointed out that there is a slight
difference In the wording of the dispatch
from Colombia and that from Rome, the
former saying that the relations were
"interrupted/ while the latter says that
they have been "ended."
Senor Rengifo has no reason to suggest
for the interruption of relations between
the two countries, and, in the absence of
fuller information, he declines to make
any comment upon the reports. He haw
asked his Government for more specific
news on the subject The suggestion is
made here in well-informed quarters that
In all probability Colombia has taken the
initiative In this matter and not Italy,
as stated in the Rome d) ~^atch.
Sub-Station No. 5.
WASHINGTON,. Sept. 14.— The location
of sub-station No. 6 of the San Francisco
PostofticA has been changed to 1306 Cas
tro street.
Bead in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father McCorry, Dr. B. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgion of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
BAZET SUCCEEDS MORSE.
Appointment of a Popular Physician as
a Member of the Board of Health.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 14.— Governor Budd to-day appointed Dr.
Louis Bazet to succeed the late Dr. John F. Morse as member- of the
San Francisco Board of Health, as predicted in The Call last
Wednesday. The principal opposing candidate for the place was Dr.
Rethers, who is now on his way home from Manila. However, the
friends of Dr. Rethers were too late in urging his candidacy, and so
the choice fell to Dr. Bazet.
Mr. HUNGTINGTON`S
BIG INVESTMENT
Sale of Los Angeles
Street Railways.
BOUGHT BY A SYNDICATE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC MAGNATE
AT ITS HEAD,
Deal Includes Practically the Entire
Electric System in the South
ern California Me
tropolis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 14.— The Los
Angeles Railway. Company's property,
which includes a system of electric
street railways practically covering
the entire city of Los Angeles, has
passed into the hands of a syndicate
of Southern Pacific capitalists, of
which 11. E. Huntington is the head.
The details of the transaction involve
| the issue, of $5,000,000 in bonds by the
i new corporation. Of this amount
! $4,000,000 is to be devoted to cancelling
the $3,000,000 bond issue of the old cor
poration, to the discharge of a float
ing indebtedness of $400,000 and to cer
tain improvements to be made in the
property. The bonds of the new com
pany are to bear 5 per cent interest.
The price paid for the property of the
old company is said to have been
$3,900,000.
The officials of the Los Angeles Rail
way in this city decline to discuss the
question of this transfer, but the in
formation obtained comes from an in
side source, and the attempt to sup
press it proved futile. The deal was
consummated by General M. H. Sher
man, who organized the Los Angeles
Railway Company. In 1891 he came to
Los Angeles from Phoenix, Ariz. He
had been a school teacher there, but by
shrewd speculation had accumulated a
fortune of 4500,000.
General Sherman proceeded to In
vest his entire fortune 1n the construc
tion of a system of electric street rail
ways, which Covered the city as it then
was. It was the first electric system in
Los Angeles. There was at that time
a system of cable street railways here,
owned by Chicago capitalists. It
passed into the hands of a receiver, and
later was consolidated with General
Sherman's company. The cable was
abandoned and the lines eleetricized.
The Chicago people lost $2,000,000 by
their investment.
Among other corporations that aa
sieted General Sherman in financing
his scheme was the Pacific Bank.
"When it went to the wall the Los An
geles Railway followed, and it was for
some time operated by a receiver. San
Francisco capitalists, including the
Bank of California, took the property
in and reorganized the company, mak
ing F. W; Wood gem-nil manager. For
three years the road has been operated
under his management.
With no desire to cast any reflec
tions upon Mr. Wood's management, it
may be stated that the Los Angeles
Railway has never paid a dividend to
its stockholders. The het income has
been devoted to extending and improv
ing the property. The city has exper
ienced a wonderful growth and numer
ous extensions have been made.
Ten weeks ago General Sherman
went to San Francisco and the result is
the consummation of this deal, by
which, it is understood, he will net
about $1,500,000. He held between 40
and 45 per cent of the stock of the old
company. It is understood that Gen
eral Sherman has purchased numer
ous securities of the old company held
in San Francisco at a very low figure.
These securities will now have a very
healthy value and General Sherman
will profit materially thereby.
The general was seen at the West
minster Hotel, but declined to talk.
Manager F. W. Wood likewise was si
lent.
Investments in Los Angeles street
car properties have not for ten years
been profitable. Something like $4,000,
000 has been lost by original investors
in that character of property in Los
Angeles since 1888. The experience of
others never stopped continued devel
opment in this line. An electric road
was constructed to Pasadena and one
to Santa Monica. Both of these v»et =
built by General Sherman, who ob
tained the investment of the money ne
cessary to construct the lines. They
are not, however, included in the deal
which has been made. In the city an
other line has been built, known as the
Traction Company. It is a cross-town
road and the money which built it
came from New York City. The Trac
tion Company is still in the hands of
its original owners and apparently has
been a money-making proposition. The
new company will have many new im
provements, for the reason that the
streets of this city are being paved
with asphaltum and the expense of
paving about half of the highway falls
on the company.
REDDING LAW STUDENT
WOOS SUDDEN DEATH
Frank Bartlett Shoots Himself in
the Head and Cannot Survive
His Wound .
REDDING, Sept. 14.— Frank Bartlett, a
young law student, was found In his
room in his brother's residence at "Wea
vcrville , this morning with a gaping
pistol shot wound in his head. He was
very weak from loss of blood, but was
still alive late this afternoon. His wound
has been pronounced fatal.
The would-be suicide Is but 22 years of
age, and had bright prospects before
him. He is a brother of James W. Bart
lett. District Attorney of Trinity County,
and Democratic nominee for the Assem
bly in the district comprising Trinity and
Tehama counties. His mother is a resi
dent .of Oakland.
James \V. Bnrtlett and wife left Wea
verville a short time ago to spend a va
cation at Bartlett Springs and San Fran
cisco. Frank Bartlett was left in charge
of the affairs of the District Attorney's
office. The wounded man's brother waa
apprised of the sftd affair, and started
for home on the Oregon express, which
left San Francisco to-night. The unfor
tunate young man is sinking rapidly, and
it is doubtful if lis brother may reach
him before he dies.
SALOON MEN NOT BABRED.
Red Men Vote Against Prohibiting
Their Membership.
INDIANAPOLTS, Sept. 14.— The Red
Men, in their great council to-day, settled
the question of the admission of saloon
men, bo far aa constitutional amendments
are concerned. But eight of the 125 dele
gates voted for the resolutions to prohibit
their membership. New Jersey linked for
tunes with the Western States and her
delegates, with those of California who
had previously voted for George, W Lovie
of California, united upon Thomas G
Harrison of Indiana for junior grand sag
amore This is the only competitive, office.
Benjamin F. Morey of Peensylvania was
the other candidate. The new officers are
as follows: Great incohonee, George E
Green of New York; great senior saga
more * D - 'ley, Iowa; great Junior saga
more, Thomas G. Harrison. Indiana- treat
prophet, R. T. Daniel. Georgia; treat
chief of records, Charles C. Conley Penn
sylvania; great keeper of wampum, Wil
liam Provin, Massachusetts. •
•♦
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14. -Pensions
have been granted as follows:
California— . John > Mottarty
San Francisco, ?6; Ward E. Clark, Bloom
ington, '■- }6. i '>■ Original . widows, etc: Kittle
Hunger, Sacramento, $S: Hattie A. Ma
aa L c^fg e f- *1 - Minnie Anderson,.
Washington-Restoration and increase-
Simeon C. Head (dead), Fremont. J6 toJS
:Frempnt;ls? OWSl : etC " : Agne ; B " lle^'
Another Gans Organization.
; SAN* JOSE, Sept. 14.-The Santa Clara
County Republican League was organ
ized to-night by the ; election -of the : fol
lowing officers: President, Dr. D. F Mc-
Graw; : vice president, W. A. Beaslv- re
cording secretary. Dr. A. G. Bennett-'cor
responding secretary, J. I. Bradley; treas
urer.Paul P .Austin. Speeches were made
byjH.W. Morehouse.,Judir» Black and
City Attorney Beasly. • ttX - m
BYNUM GIVES
UP LEADERSHIP
Resigns Chairmanshipof
Gold Democrats.
HAD HI3 SALARY CUT OFF
■ ■ ■ . ■ . -■
THAT IS SAID TO BE THE BEAL
CAUSE OF ACTION.
George Foster Peabody of New York
Chosen as a Successor by tha
National Executive j,__a
Committee. __j _,___j- ___!___i
Special Dispatch to The Call. -1 ")
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— W. D. Bynum,
chairman of the National Democratic
party, tendered his resignation to the
executive committee to-day, and
George Foster Peabody of New York
was elected his successor. The resig
nation was a great surprise to the
lears of the gold Democratic party. C
Vey Holman of Maine declared after
the meeting that he proposed Mr. By :
num be investigated. Mr. Holman
claims Mr. Bynum called the meeting
of to-day with the intent to force him
to leave Maine, where the election waß
held on Monday, the morning of elec
tion day and he charges the ex-chair
man with conspiracy. A committee,
of which Mr. Peabody was made chair
man, was appointed to prepare an ad
dress to the people.
A resolution which was adopted oy
the meeting, stopping the salaries of all
the officers, 1b said to be the real cause
of Mr. Bynum's resignation.
Treasurer Frenzel of Indianapolis ?e
ported that when the campaign of 1896
ended there was $33,000 in the treasury
of the National Democracy. Since that
time $2300 has been expended. There
was $2500 which could be had when
necessary from uncollected. subscrip
tions. Mr. Bynum had received $8200
as salary, while $60 was credited to
personal expenses. The treasurer re
ported that $7700 had been sent to Ken
tucky for the 1897 campaign; $1700 to
Iowa; $2500 to Ohio during the cam
paign in which Hanna was elected
United States Senator, and $600 to Kan
sas. Finally, he said that $150 had
been expended for stationery and post
age. ____________
GOLD DEVELOPMENTS
ON AMERICAN CREEK
6EATTL.E, Sept. 14.— The Cottage C»tr
brings most favorable reports from
American Creek, one of the best gold
streams on the American side of the line.
Frank Carroll Is a man who brings out
the latest information from American
Creek. He brought It as far as Dawson,
arriving there shortly before the Cottane
City Klondikers left. He has been en
gaged In developing No. 7. above Discov
ery, for himself and the firm of Dinsmore,
Spencer & McFee. Carroll says that It
will average $100 to the shovel. He only
had to go through six feet of muck before
reaching bedrock.
ETJBEKA'S FAIB A SUCCESS.
EUREKA, Sept. 14.— The fair is pro
gressing very satisfactorily. The attend
ance is increases, and tne weather ftne.
There were two events at the race
track to-day. The first, a quarter of a
mile and repeat running race, had as en
tries William Clark's Rondo, F. Rankin's
Little Scot and W. B. Knight's Sandow.
It was won by Rondo. Time, :24>.£.
The second, a five and a half furlong
race, had Moore & Elliott's Ikey Jake
(formerly Madrone) and Ed Tierney's
Fl Fi. It was won by Fi Fi. Time, l:tft£.
The balloon ascension at the track waa
a drawing card and went off without a
hitch. There was a large attendance at
the pavilion to-night.
CATARRH
CURE!
FRFF Every man and < »H .
I Fv fl— • JL« cry woman who reads
_ _, _-^, M/> /* entitled ta
r* fV 1 1 tf/7< * Cff/? elf a / ' a *)
trial treatment of '
PPPP "OZO" Catarrh,
JT l\CmCm Treatment If you
_ mm _^ live in the city, calf
FREE for the "OZO"; if
* /o«/ //Vo aura/ /roOTj
p-t r\ |-^ ip« the city, write . for\
rKtltl "OZO." A fair and
free trial is offered
FRFF * you. < Do you
I IV I— L- wish it?
HUDYAIT
Is a retnedh'treatment fot^
. Nerves. It cures Nervous De-
bility, Nervous Loss of Force,
Nerveless Energy. HUD VAN
cures man. Write to or calk
for circulars. '
Hudson Heal Institntß. 1
Ems,_StocttDa aii Martet Sk -.'
m
Use f^%. and ; .
Facial Soap h^y Facial Cream. : :„
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman, Flat. Far. .
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish .
on. In ''or under your skin, call on or "writer ".
JOHN 11. WOODBURT. 127 West «d St., N. .
V., 163 State St.. Chicago. ' ' ' . .•
P 'B 6li a non-poisonoOi
cr^^B^^kga remedy for Gonorrhoea, •
>H^^orKEb^^l Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
m^aFia 1 to s diyi.^B3 White*, unnatural dij- •
£/Pm Onarmstced 13 charges, or any inflarama- ..•.
iC^Va net to atrieture. tion. irritation or nlcera- . .
B™ l '^JPreTenn eoa'.»tioii. tion of m;i con * me:n- 
f?ir|THEEYmCHE«irHOj. branM - >"on-aBtrin S ent. 
Vi^O!NCiNH»T.,O «R Sold by Drn|fffl»t»,
-^HS i a \: 7&r oT sent in plain wrapper, '
■J8&&ZK!: .^WB l> y eipresß, prepaid, w* A
- .^S^MBBhfc-^tfiffKoß tI.OO, or 3 bottles, g.7S. / A
vtf^BapjffjjjprJ^" ■ Circular nut uu request <Sffl
Weak Men and Women
•trenjth to the sexual organs. ; .PROPOSED BARRACKS FOR UNCLE SAM'S BRAVE DEFENDERS.
PROVISIONAL
GOVERNMENT'S
NEW MANIFESTO
It preely flckpwledges Cuba's
Gratitude to tfye United
States.
But tb« Present Council, Headed by Masso,
Wants to Hold on as a Nucleus for
Future Government.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Sept. 14.— The
Council of the so-called provisional
Government of the republic of Cuba.
represented by Senor Bartolome Masso.
President; Cisnero Capote, Vice Presi
dent, and Senor Fonte, Senor Aleman
and Senor Moreno de la Torre, Secreta
ries, met at Santa Cruz on September
1 and formulated a manifesto to the
Cuban people with an order to the
military commanders of the Cuban
army, both of which have been promul
gated.
The manifesto, which la an elaborate
document, touching on the history of,
the movement for Cuban independence
and the principles upon which the Cu
ban people have fought for their lib- ;
erty, proceeds, in part, as follows:
The peace preliminaries have been
Signed, ami the Government of the United
States has Imposed upon Spain an obli- ;
gation to renounce all the rights of sov
ereignty over the island of Cuba and to
evacuate the territory immediately. The
cessation of hostilities has also been
agreed upon.
Though the principal object of our revo
lution has been obtained, that is, the de
struction of Spanish domination, the work
of this council is not yet at an. end, for '
the Cuban republic— the idea for which
we have fought— has not yet been consti
tuted. Now that hostilities have ceased
and Spain has renounced her sovereignty,
It is the duty of this council to set be
fore the Cuban people the feelings and
purposes of the men who made the revo
lution.
We always felt confident that through
our own perseverence we would in the
long run destroy Spanish domination; but
we must acknowledge that an indefinite
prolongation of the struggle would have
• annihilated the little that was left of our
wealth and population. The entrance up
on the field of a powerful and decisive
factor, upon which we have always relied
and toward which the hearts of all Cu
bans have always turned, has put an end
to the horrors of war, to the benefit of all
concerned.
This prompt solution we must acknowl
edge we could never have obtained. It
is proper to acknowledge the evident
truth. That is the best title the United
States has to our gratitude. We were
abandoned by the world, some nations ig
noring us in selfishness; others ignorant
of our real condition, considering us an
obstinate and an undeservable people be
cause we did not accept the cajoleries and
flatteries with which Spain tried to
soothe our just anger.
This was our situation when the peo
ple of the United States, their Govern
ment and Congress came to our rescue
and took upon their shoulders the task
of delivering us at once from an un
bearable yoke, as our sufferings could
not be endured or permitted longer.
They have accomplished their pro
gramme brilliantly; what is more, they
Dave liberated, in- one way or another,
from the rule of Spain, all peoples op
pressed by her. The liberation is definite
and irrevocable. Spain has been expelled
from this hemisphere.
We are grateful. In nations as well as
in Individuals gratitude is ennobling. As
we begin now our national life we, more
than any. other people, must be jealous
of our national honor. It is. therefore,
the duty of this council to explain to the
people of Cuba what in its opinion are our
duties toward the United States and
toward ourselves and what the rules that
ought to direct our conduct. When, af
ter a long struggle the United States Con
gress recognized the right of the people
of Cuba to be free and independent and
ordered the Spanish forces to withdraw
from the Island, no Cuban Government !
was recognized; but the one we had con
stituted, though not recognized, was not
opposed and has not been opposed. ■ No
steps have been taken to dislodge it from
the place where it exercised its functions,
nor has it been considered an illegitimate
authority which events have dissolved or
destroyed for the good of the people of
Cuba.
It' could not be .otherwise. The United
States could not interfere in the struggle j
for the sake of what our enemies might j
consider a political faction. The. Ameri
can Government could intervene for the
benefitof the whole people of Cuba, a
part of whom, being under Spanish rule,
was not free to express a purpose or a ]
preference. The Intention of the United
States was that as soon as the obstacle ,
of Spanish rule had been removed the !
whole Cuban people should choose a gov- i
ernment that . would shape the destinies !
of the island.
Th<> people of the United States have all j
along appreciated the fact that the ma- I
jority of the people of Cuba are In agree
ment with our principles, for the motto
of the United States Government has
been the same as . ours— absolute Inde
pendence for Cuba. Under these condi
tions the Americans could not take a hos
tile attitude toward us or. consider our.
authority illegitimate and harmful to the
welfare of the Cuban. people. ...
These considerations have convinced, us
that we should not dissolve and that the
power, we : have received from ;an assem
bly elected by the " people under arms
shotild never -, vanish. ; On ' the - contrary,
wo feel that we should remain as a nu
cleus and guide for. those who have vest
ed such a power In us. We have, there
fore, decided- to call together another as
sembly, 1 , which will: determine our future
course. ..
IT conclusion' the manifesto gives a
! number of reasons why the proposed
i assembly should be convened and some
; government or another chosen "not
with the character of a government as
j yet, but as an official representation of
those Cubans who fought against Spain
and those who, in the cities under
Spain's control and In the foreign coun
tries, have helped and supported them."
AMNESTY IS NOW
DULY DECLARED
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— The Cu
ban Junta has received the following
proclamation of amnesty Issued by the
Cuban authorities at Camaguey:
The Government Council in to-day's ses
sion ordered:
Whereas, Hostilities have been sus
pended any orders «whk:h hinder the
movements of those charged with bring
ing about peace should not be enforced
when the Independence of Cuba has al
ready been recognized by Spain and the
United States.
Whereas, In such circumstances It Is
useless to deprive the Spanish army of
news and guides, which, in some cases,
it may even be a duty to provide, so that
it may evacuate the territory as agreed
upon with the United States.
Whereas, The war being ended, all en
mity and hatred due to the struggle
i should cease, thus bringing about the
union of all the Cubans under our flag,
which is the symbol of liberty and not
of revenge.
Whereas, The leaders of the army
should do all in their power to punish any
attempt against personal security, that
no private vengeance shall be visited
upon those who have served Spain; there
; fore be it
Resolved. First, to suspend until fur
ther orders paragraph 2 in its last part.
; and paragraphs 9, 10, 13, 14 and 15 of arti
cle XLVIII of the penal law.
Second, to grant amnesty to all those
guilty of the crimes enumerated In article
XLVIII of the penal law; and
Third, that these resolutions be circu
lated among the army and authorities of
the republic, calling their attention to the
evils which may occur if a policy of for
giveness nnd pardon Is not observed.
I DR. DOMINGO MENDEZ CAPOTE,
Secretary of War Pro. Tern.
Camaguey. Sept. 14. IR9K.
Another proclamation received by
Mr. Quesada was issued by Colonel Mo
rales, second in command of the Cu
bans in Havana province. It says:
A great and prosperous nation, our sis
ter in republican ideals, has come to the
help of Cuba as Franco gave her generous
support to that democracy during its
struggle for Independence. Let us salute
i under our flag of the I,one Star the flag
of the Stars and Stripes, and let us de
spise these reports circulated against all
I truth and reason by our conquered enemy
| that the great republic is trying to take
possession shamelessly of our free and
independent Cuba. Let us not falter in
these movements in which our star begins
to shine brightly. Let us cheer, soldiers
I of the army of liberation, lor free and in
dependent Cuba and for the great Ameri
; can republic.
Mr. Quesada says the amnesty proc
: lamation shows how fully the Cuban
authorities accept the suspension of
• military operations and the proclama
| tion of Colonel Morales indicates that
i the Cuban commanders look forward
I to a free and independent Cuba, with-
I out crediting the Spanish reports of
i American designs for annexing Cuba,
South Carolina Primaries.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Sept. 14.— Out of
a total of 60.870 votes reported at 1
o'clock this morning. Governor Ellerbee
has a majority of 1986. The missing
votes will hardly affect his majority and
the Governor's friends are now confi
dent. The other results have not been
changed by late returns. Ellerbee Is
the "dispensary candidate."
Nominations of Utah Democrats.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 14.— The Democratic
State Convention was called to order this
morning by R. \V. Sloan, chairman of the
State Committee.
United States Senator J. L. Rawlins
wns made permanent chairman and Wil
liam McMillan secretary. B. H. Roberts
was nominated for Congress and R. N.
Raskin for Supreme Court Judge.
Flans for the Campaign.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— The Re
publican county central committee met
this evening and prepared plans for the
Republican campaign. R. M. Richard
son was elected secretary and the com
mittee adjourned for a week.
m
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW Arrived— Servla, ;f m ; Liverpool ;
Rhynland, I Southampton : Georglc, % Liverpool ;
Trave. ' Bremen. :.: Balled— Majestic, ', Liverpool;
Weflternlond, Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived — Kaiser Fried
rlchs,-. New York: <-.■;•" '-"■' •'•- I ; ■ ; '
Sailed— Dresden, Bremen.
BOULOGNE — Arrived — Werkendam.. N«w
Y0rk.".; .«".--*-.• v :.■:■-:•-■■:■;. .■ .. ■> ,■■ : _ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
AT a meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday plans for perma
nent barracks at the Presidio, which
have been prepared by Samuel New
som, Fred H. Meyer and Pery & Hamil
ton, as associate architects, at the
request of President Hugh Craig, were
approved. Mr. Craig was authorized to
take puoh measures to successfully bring
the matter before the Government as to
assure their early construction. The plans
submitted contemplate the erection of a
series of barracks around a quadrangular
PROMPT AND FAIR
ARE THE STARTS
Barrier Again in Use at
Gravesend.
TURF PATRONS SATISFIED
END TO VEXATIOUS DELAYS
AT THE POST.
At Newport George Krats Circles the
Track in 1:39 3-4— Spirituelle
Takes La Grange Stakes
at Hawthorne.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— Everything was
peaceful at Gravesend to-day, the bar
rier being used and the starts being
prompt and as fair as possible. There
was no stake on the card. Summary:
First race, five furlongs.
Lady Lindsey, 110 (Clawson). 9 to 2 1
Gaze, llu (Spencer), S to 1 and 3 to 1 2
Helen Thomas, 110 cSlms), 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:02^,.
Prestidlgltatrlce. Effervescent. Theory, Fran
cis Booker, Florenzo, Breoktnrldge, Wine
Press, Rose May, Jean Ingelow and Kensing
ton also ran.
Second race, mile and a furlong.
Bon Ino, 99 (Clawson), 20 to 1 1
Dr. Catlett, 119 (Byrnes). 16 to 5 and 6 to 5.. 2
Floronso, 118 (Doggett), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:56%
1-atsun. Sir Walter. L^ando, Lady Marian,
Banquo 11, Marslan and Poetess also ran.
Third race, five and a half furlongs.
Glenhelm. 117 (Sims), 8 to 1 1
The Kentueklan. 124 tTaral), 7 to 2 and 6 to 5. 2
Ben Viking. 116 (R. Williams), 7 to 1 3
Time, l:oS.
Manlius, Kxceptlon, Colonel Tenny, Autumn,
Judge Magee and Rope O'Lee also ran.
Fourth race, selling, flvp and a half furlong*,
Miss Tenny, 104 (Maher), 6 to 6 1
Tom Collins. 102 <O'Leary), 12 to 1 and 5 to 1. 2
Tenspot, 98 (Moody), JO to 1 3
Time, 1:08.
Lennep, Tremargro, High Jinks, Imperator,
Momentum. Decide. I ncle lxjuls. Marlto.
Harry Reed, Sensational and Bonnie Gem also
ran.
Fifth race, one mile.
Banglp. 116 (Maher). 3 to 5 1
Lillian Brlle, 113 (Spencer). 4 to 1 and 9 to 10. 2
Sir Gawaln, 116 (Doggett), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1.431,.
Fast Black and Subject also ran.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth:
Firearm, 112 '{Burns), 9 to 5 1
Whistling Con, 115 (Clawson), 7 to 1 and 2 to 1. 2
Clinsilla; 112 (Spencer), 12 to 1 3
Time, 1:49;*.
Central Trust, Previous, Frohman, Glenolne
and Arequebus also ran.
CINCINNATI, Sent. ll.— George Krats ran
a mile In 1:39% at Newport to-day. This Is the
fastest time for that distance made at the
meeting. Weather pleasnnt; track fast.
First race, seven furlongs.
Abergrate. 110 <\V. Deanj. 8 to 1 1
Dashaway, 102 (T. Knight), 10 to 1 and 4 to 1..2
Frlßoo Ben, 110 (Vandusenj, 4 to 1 3
Time, l:2Bfc.
Barhee, Sklnk, Dunbar, Padroon, Hand D,
Jacques, Philip Byrnes, Kulz, Mordecal, Con&n
Doyle and Sound Money also ran.
Second race, six furlongs, selling.
Carl C, 108 (Britton), 3 to 2 1
Hub Prather, 95 (C. Thompson), 10 to 1 and
4 to 1 2
Pat Garrett, i*B (Southard) 4 to 1 3
Time. I.UAi.
Fatherland. Flying Bird, Tortngas. Bannle,
Bessie Swing, Millie Stone and Spectral also
ran.
Third race, mile. Owners' handicap.
George Krats, 90 (Knlgrht). 8 to 5 1
J H C, 102 (J. Matthews), 4 to 5 and out 2
Three Bars. 102 (W. Dean), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:39 V
Bon Jour also ran.
Fourth rnee, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing.
Mellle, ins (Southard). 10 to 1 1
Kathie May, 10f. (Britton), 6 to 1 and 1 to 2.. 2
Amber Glints, ]i»G (Guiteres), 5 to 1 S
Time, 1:49V4. i
Ondague, Ix>yalty, Gomez, Duncan BeUA
Stella B, Ollean, Mitt Boykln, Davezac, Ton?
Hurtles, Springtime and lK)mlnlca also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs.
Rosa Masso. 110 (Morrison), 4 to 1 1
The Crawfish, 110 (Vandusen), 9 to 5 and 3
to 5 2
Pansy H, 110 (Oleason). 10 to 1 S
Time, I:C2H
LHa Murray, Vaktma, Nadora, Minnie B,
Lizzie Oilman, TliesU and Wand also ran.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing.
Fresco, 110 (Vandusen), 3 to 1 1
AH.prt Vale, 110 (Thompson), 5 to 1 and 2 to 1..2
High Noon, 107 (W. Dean), 6 to 1 S
Time, 1:49.
Elsina, Royal Dance. Weenatchle, Calus, Mc-
Farland 11, Helen H. Gardner, Royal Choice.
Katie l>ongfellow, Harry Shannon, Can Gallop
and Cecil also ran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Weather at Hawthorne
cool; track slow.
First rnoe, one mile, Pensoroso, 3 to 1, won;
Bethlehem Star, 3 to 1, second; Eliza Blazes
third. Time, 1:50.
Second raco, six furlongs, Montgomery, 3 to
2, won; O'Connell, 1 to 2, second; Czarowita
third. Time, 1:17.
Third race, five furlongs. La Grange stakes,
$1000 added, for two-year-old fillies, Spirltuelle,
10 to 6, won; Rushout second. Good Hope third.
Time, 1:05.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, Tus
culum, 8 to 1, won; Elldad, 3 to 1, second;
Florence Blazes third. Time, 1:52.
Fifth race, one mile, handicap, over hurdles,
Jezebel, even, won: Proverb, 3 to 6, second;
La Colona third. Time, 2:03.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth. Dr. Marks,
3 to 1, won; El Paso 11, 4 to 1, second; Branch
third. Time. I:SC.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Sept. 14.— Weather clear;
track fast.
First race, threp-year-olds and upward, sell
ing, sevn furlongs— Hairpin won, Burnap sec
ond. Wedlock third. Time. 1:284.
Second race, two-yeam-olds, five and a half
furlongs— Walt a Bit won, Holden second,
Bridal Tour third. Time, 1:09V6-
Third race, throe-year-olds and upward, sell-
Ing, mile and a sixteenth— Leo Lake won,
Leonlre fpond. Onseoa third. Time, 1:47.
Fourth race, threee-year-olds and upward,
sallin, six furlongs — Samlvel won, Josephine
X second. Bob Garnet third. Time, 1:15%.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and upward, sell-
Ing, six furlongs— Judge Wardell won, Damo
cles second, Lady Irene third. Time, 1:14 H.
Sixth race, three-year-olds and upward,
seven furlongs— Bagpipe won, Albert S sec
nnd, Ferryman II third. Time, 1:28V4.
Photographing Sound, the latest
discovery of science, in nest Sunday's
Call.
DIED.
WACHBNHEIMBR— In this city, September 15,
1898, Amelia Wacnenhelmer, beloved mother
of Mrs, H, Relse and Mre. I. Raima, a na-
tlvft of Qermany, aged 84 yum,
t^Notlcti of funeral berea/Utt.
court 425 by 188 feet square, with a colon
nade 16 feet in width on the sides and 20
feet on the ends. The floor of this bal
cony may bo used for drills In wet weath
er or for such other purposes as may be
required. The inner court comprising
about three acres may be planted as a
lawn with trees or flowers or used for
drill. Access to this court to be gained
through arches at each corner or door
ways between the barracks proper; at
right angles to this court are to extend
the barracks, two at each end and five at
BALTIMORE ADVANCES
TO SECOND PLACE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 81 43 .653 1 Philadelphia 61 69 .508
Baltimore ...76 4fi .623!Pittsburg ....63 63 .500
Cincinnati ..79 4S .622 [Louisville ...55 72 .433
Cleveland ...72 51 .SW.J Brooklyn ...46 71 .393
Chicago ...70 58 .547 j Washington .41 84 .328
New Y0rk. ..66 58 .532i3t. Louis ....34 91 .272
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Arthur Ir
win to-day took control of the Senators,
bringing with him some new players.
Both games were lost because of poor
pitching. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Washington 5 16 4
Cleveland 8 18 1
Batteries— Williams, Farrell and McGulre;
Cuppy and Crlger.
Second game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 1 6 1
Cleveland 5 10 0
Batterrles— Dlnneen and McGulre; Powell
and Crlger. Umpire — Brown.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 14.— The Phil
lies lumped their hits in the first two in
nings and easily defeated the Chicagos.
Pitcher Dunkle has been released by
Philadelphia. Pitcher Phyle of St. Paul
and Catcher Nichols of Springfield, Mass.,
joined the Chicago team here to-day. At
tendance 14S0. Score:
Clubs— • - , R. H. E.
Philadelphia 10 14 2
Chicago 2 7 3
Batteries— Flfleld and McFarland; Callahan
and Chance. Umpires — Gaffney and Smith.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 14.— The Baltimore
Club played the Cincinnatis to a stand
still at Union Park this afternoon. An
drews gave great dissatisfaction through
out the game, and during a heated dis
cussion over his calling Corcoran safe at
first in the fifth inning Kelly was put
out of the game. Score: -
Clubs- K. H. E.
Baltimore ..) • * 8 2
Cincinnati • • 1 o , 4
Batteries— Me James and Clarke; Breltenateln
and Pelt*. • Umpires— Emslle and Andrews. At
tendance 2300.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— The Colonels
won to-day's game in Brooklyn by hard
hitting In the first three innings. Mc-
Kenna. who succeeded Dunn, stopped the
onslaught, a home run -by Klttredge be
ing the only score made - off him. ; Cun
ningham was effective throughout. . At
tendance 600. Score:
Clubs- . ■ R- H. E.
Brooklyn .' ? ii n
Louisville ....'. -•" <T 15 _ °
Batteries— Dunn, McKenna and Ryan; Cun
ningham and Kittredge. Umpires— and
Connolly. .
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— A stupid piece
of base-running by Grady in the eighth
Inning practically caused a tie game this
afternoon. The game was called on ac
count of darkness. Attendance 500. Score:
Clubs— ■' ; ■ ; : •R - »■ E -
New York 6 ™; ' 1
BatteA^B-MVekrn'and'GradyVßhineß.- Tanne-
Batteries'— Meekin and Grady; Rhlnes. Tanne
hill and Buwerman. , ;, Umpire*—^wartwood _ and
Warner.
BOSTON. Sept. 14.— The Champions
scored runs as they pleased to-day, partly
by good batting and partly by wretched
fielding by the Browns. Attendance 1400.
Score:
Clubs- ......-....: R- %E -
Boston U !« 3
St. Louis ■:••■■„ L ,j
Batterie*— Willis, , Bergen and Bram<nel(l;
Taylor. Carney and Clements. Umpires— Day
and McDonald. ,
WORK OF THE LOS
ANGELES CONVENTION
Republicans Name Legislative Can
didates and Almost Complete
the County Ticket.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 14.— The busi
ness of the Republican County Conven
tion was resumed this morning. The
first work was the selection of a Coun
ty Central Committee of 170 members.
Then came the nomination of a Coun
ty Clerk. Charles W. Bell of Pasadena
was chosen by a majority of 220 votes
over his sole opponent, T. E. Newlln,
the incumbent. When the announce
ment of the result was made, the Pasa
dena delegates, amid ringing of bells,
seized the nominee and carried him on
their shoulders to the platform, where
he delivered an appropriate address,
thanking the convention for the honor
bestowed upon him.
The other county nominees are: T.
JE. Nichols, for Auditor; D. W. Wade,
for Recorder; John H. Gish, for Tax
Collector; James C. Reeves, for District
Attorney; E. S. Field, for Supervisor in
the Third District.
After balloting four times for Asses
sor and there being no choice, the con
vention adjourned until to-morrow.
The convention to-day subdivided
into Senatorial and Assembly Districts,
and nominations were as follows:
In the Thirty-sixth Senatorial Dis
trict Captain C. M. Simpson of Pasa
dena was renominated. Captain Simp
son was elected to the Senate four
years ago, and he received a handsome
indorsement of his record, for he had
twenty-six votes to spare in the Sena
torial convention. His opponent was
George P. Phlpps, a well-known law
yer of this city.
In the Thirty-eighth Senatorial Dis
trict A. T. Currier was nominated by
acclamation. This district is at pres
ent represented by S. N. Androus, but
he was not a candidate foT renomina
tion. Mr. Currier was elected Sheriff
of this county on the Republican ticket
in 1879, when the county was over
whelmingly Democratic. Mr. Currier
resides at Spadra. He is a pioneer of
the county and is a large landowner.
In the Seventy-fourth Assembly Dis
trict L. H. Valentine was renominated.
Mr. Valentine, to The Call correspond
ent, announced that, if elected — and he
will be— he would be a candidate for
Speaker of the Assembly. He is a well
known practicing attorney and his
nomination can be regarded as a full
indorsement of his record in the As
sembly in 1896. In 1895 he received 850
majority in his district, running 400
votes ahead of his ticket.
In the Seventieth Assembly District
W. S. Mellck was renominated by ac
clamation. He Is at present editor of
the Pasadena News. His district is
overwhelmingly Republican, as It in
cludes the Soldiers' Home precinct and
Pasadena.
In the Seventy-first District O. H.
Huber was nominated. He is a ranch
er and is the present Assemblyman
from the district.
San Rafael Republican Bally.
SAN RAFAEL,. Sept. 14.— The first big
gun of the Republican campaign In Maim
County was fired last evening, when Hon.
Tirey L. Ford, the Republican nominee
for Attorney General, and Attorney Edgar
D. Peixotto addressed a large and en
thusiastic mass-meeting at Armory Hall
Robert Furlong presided and Introduced
,lhet aoeaker*.
the sides, fourteen In all, each to be 102 arrangements.
feet long, 44 feet wide and 40 feet high to The Chamber of Commerce, acting in
the ridge. They are to be two stories of behalf of the community and the people of
twelve feet each In height to accommo- the whole country, have determined to
date 106 men each or two companies in ■ make a combined effort to induce the War
each barracks. Twenty companies or two Department to erect permanent barracks
regiments will be housed in the side struc- which will house all the troops that will
tures, leaving four barracks at the ends probably be here at any one time in the
for office and administration, chapels, future.
emergency hospitals and for such other In this, the well-known organization ex
purposes as may be needed. The whole to pects to be assisted by commercial, poltti
be heated by steam and absolutely per- cal, religious. State and civic societies,
feet in regard to ventilation and sanitary which appreciate the danger of epidemic
FIVE FAVORITES
LAID TO REST
Talent in Poor Form at
the Fair.
BUDD AND STAFF PRESENT
ATTENDANCE THE LARGEST OF
THE MEETING.
Short-Priced Horses Bowled Over
With Monotonous Regularity,
Only One First Choice
Winning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— Governor's
day at the races attracted one of the
largest crowds of the meeting, the fair
sex predominating. His Excellency, Gov
ernor Budd, and staff, in full uniform,
were present, and were enthusiastically
received by the big throng. Governor
Budd left the course early, leaving to the
members of his staff the knotty problem
of solving the winners.
The day seemed created for racing pur
poses, and the racing brigade appeared
at its best. The menu served the public
consisted with one exception of harness
events, and five of the six favorites were
laid to rest with all honors. The odds
offered by the bookmakers were tight
enough to command respect from the
paddler of a bass drum in some country
band, and this In a measure accounted
for the dullness in trade.
Dr. J, over which "Jimmy" Sullivan
clutched the ribbons, was the forerunnei
of evil. He was a 3 to 5 choice for the
2:22 class mile dash, and, breaking at the
first turn, was never in it afterward.
The regular nominee, Ned Thorn, against
which 8 to 1 was once laid, rambled in
at leisure, with Shelby and Lynall follow
ing in the order mentioned. Time, 2:18.
The mile and repeat for trotters of th«
2:14 class followed,. The air-tight divis
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14, 1898.— Ninth day of the State Fair races.
Weather fine; track good.
A. B. SPRECKELB, Prealdlng Judge. M. F. TARPEY. Starter.
. %m.
%m. Km.
Str.
Drivers.
.... Ned Thorn
16 Shelby
... Lynall
16 Joe Selby
<7) Dr J -J
3
2
1
5
4
1 5
4 10
3 6
2 3
5
1 4
4 20
3 2
2 5
5
1 12
3 2
4 30
2 3
6
1 10
2 2
3 2
4 25
5
1 4
2 8
3 6
4 25
6
neiiman
Rodriguez . . .
Hogoboom . . .
Smith
8 3
3-2 3
6 12
5 6
1-2 3-5
Sullivan
Time -34 I'OTVi 1:40, 2:18. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner E Toph'am's b. g. by BUly Thornhlll-Lady Nutwood. Away on tenth score.
Not much doing on anything but winner. Dr. J broke on first turn. Joe Selby stopped
as usual. Shelby closed strong.
1 SECOND RACE— 2:I4 trot; mile and repeat; purse, $400.
. Horse.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Drivers.
(17) Prince Gift
... Oslto
... Thompson
10 Monterey
2
3
1
4
1 7
2 10
3 20
4
1 «
2 8
3 12
4
18 IS 16
2 20 2 30 2 30
3 15 3 30 3
4 4 *
Kent
Durfee
Bunch
1 8-5
8 10
8 12
1-2 1-2
IWilVfams ....
•Distanced.
Time, :34. 1:06, 1:36, 2:12%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third easily. Winner,
J B Iverson's br. g. by Good Gift-Belle. Away on third score.
Monterey broke badly on first turn. After that It was easy for <Hft. Oslto trotted a
good heat.
SECOND HEAT.
Mm. • «m.
%m.
Str.
Drivers.
(17) Prince Gift
... Oslto
. . . Thompson
(17) Prince Gift 3 14 13 14 IS 1 1H Kent 1-8 1-13
Oslto 2 2 8 210 215 212 230 Durfee 4 6
... Thompson 1 3 3 3 3 3 Bunch 6 10
Time, :34, I:o6ft, 1:37, 2:IS. Good start. Won all out# Second driving. Away on fourth
score.
Gift all out at finish. Oslto is a game colt.
3
2
1
1 4
2 8
3
1 3
2 10
3
1 4
2 15
3
1 3
2 12
3
1 IM.
2 30
3
Kent
Durfee .......
r> _w
Bunch
OO THIRD RACE— 2:27 trot; mile dash; purse, $300.
V4m. %m.
Str.
Fin.
Drivers.
■ 20 Shelby
16 Mamie WJ«iv
(16) Phoebe Chillers
11 Aggregate
1* Harry Marrin
'» tenlo Belle
11 Bertha R
3
2
6
7
1
6
4
1 2
3 3
5 10
6 3
2 3
4 H
%-?14 - '-I I-
3 Vi 3 1
■ .• 4 H 4 H ;
6 10 5 8
2 2 ' 2 1
•54-. 612
7 • 7 ■ ';
.1 Hffl
2 Mi
5 2
3 Vi
si :
7
. 1 H
2 h
3 H
4 6
6 10
63
' 7
*ioariguez ....
Durfee ..."....
Donathan ....
Hogoboom '....]
3 6
4-5 7-10
4-6 1
10 ;M5
10 10
« ■•; 8
•10 •10
Carillo
Hellman
Norrls ,
Time :36, l! 10. 1:45, 2:20. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Clarence Ty-
nan's br! g. by Wllksmoore-Queen. Away on fourth score.
Mamie Riley had bad luck. Aggregate came from far behind. Marvin well up first part.
Aggregate broke Just under wire.
FOURTH RACE— 2:2O pace; mtle dash: purse $300.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
Drivers.
19 Dlawood
4 Don
5 Charles David
14 Nutway
15 Gaff Topsail
14 Munyon
5 Beau Brummel
18 Clara H
4
1
5
3
2
6
7
8
12 11
2h 2 2
71 8 2
32 3 6
44 4 1
8 7 40
56 5 3
6 •
1 3
2 3
4 1
3 4
5 1
8 5
7
1 3
2 4
4 2
8 1
6 Mi
6 8
7
1 4
.2 6.
3 6
'- 4 M ■■
5 %■
6
-7,:
les
■h
Lthan
isey
2-5 3-5
6 10
10 2
8 8
12 15
10 12
10 10
6 12
h
srty
cc ...
•Pulled up.
Time :34. 1:06V4. 1:38, 2:15. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner O J Holmes' eh. h. by Diablo by Woodnut. Away on eleventh score.
Dlawood had the speed. Don showed Improvement. David broke on first turn and lost
a lot of ground. Nutway paced a good race.
4 FIFTH RACE— 2:I4 pace; mile dash; purse. $300.
•
%m..
%m.
\m.
Str. Fin.
Drivers.
13 Florlcita
19 Beach wood
19 -Rex Alto
13 Little Thorn
(19) Much Better
19 Dlctatresa
2
1
4
5
6
3
15
■.-. -: 5 4 . •■
- 2 10 '
41
:'-;• 3 1:-"
6 ■■■■■■-'
1 5
3 10
5 10
4 2
2 3
6
1 3
3 10
4 2
5 15
2 4
6
1 1
2 4
4 1H
5 20
3 1
6
1 1
2 20
3 1
4 5
4 40
8
ley
r
than
20 25
3 5
7-5 4-5
12 20
7-10 4-5
10 12
ipson ...
1
Time :35 1:07*4. I*-* 0 - 2:14. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, R. Garnsey's
b m by' Red Cloak by May Boy. Away on seventh score.
Rex Alto and Much Better broke several times. Latter away badly. Florlclta just lasted
to beat.
EXTRA RUNNING RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
$200. _
: 25 :
IS
19
'tt;
26
Leaf. 4 1
«tte, 3
manlta, a i
ango, a I
lura, 3
leaf, 4 :
• 4 103 4 ... 11 12 11 12H Bullman 4 5.2
3 97 6 ... 2 Mi 24 2 2 2 IVi Tarrell 5 6
t« a 105 2 ... 62 41 82 31 Snider 1 1
a 110 5 ... 3 IMi 6 2 610 4 1 Hobart g 12
3 91 1 ... 81 64 4h 52 Houclc 8-5 B>s
4 1U 3 ... 4h 3 5 stt 616 Wilson 2 4
94! 7 ... 7 7 7 7 Ryan 20 30
4
6
2
5
1
3
7
1 1
2 M.
6 2
3 IMi
6 1
4 h
7
.12
-2 % ■
4 1
5 I :
6 4
.35"
■■ 1 ■■--
11 1 2H,
2 2 2 l»i
82 3 1
6 10 4 1
4h 5 2
5 »,t 6 15
7 7
in
1
t .......
I
c, 3
:.::. .::. |
J.
H, :49V., 1:15, Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner
!■' b, m. by Imp. Marllnhurst-Orange Leaf.
showed sudden Improvement. Losette gets better every race. Snider dubbed
bout.
ion laid 1 to 2 against Montgomery, and a
break at the turn in the opening neat
saw him get the flag later. Prince Gift,
handled in handy fashion by Kent, took
the heat in 2:12%, with Osito a good sec
one. The second and deciding heat was
a repetition of the first. Prince Gift win
ning with something to loan in 2:13.
The McKinney mare Mamie Ri ley was
a sizzling tip for the 2:27 class mile dash,
but she ran for her paternal parent. Sne
was led past the Judges by Shelby, a 6 to
1 chance, in one of the prettiest drives or
the meeting, with Phoebe Childers and
Aggregate as close attendants.
The Diablo horse Diawood was consid
ered a certainty for the 2:20 pace, and at
the short price of 3 to 5 wiggled off a heat
as he pleased, chased out by Don and
Charles David in the order named.
Charles David, driven by the veteran
Donathan, was a hot tip in this race, but
scored up lame for the word and was
never a factor, a break at the turn put
ting him out of business.
Four to five and take your pick was
the price quoted against Much Better and
Rex Alto to win the 2:14 pace, also a mile
dash. Much Better did not get any the
best of the send off, and Rex Alto was
unsteady. Garnsey went out in the lead
with Floricita. a 25 to 1 shot, when the
word was given, and was never caught,
leading Beachwood past the wire a scant
P Tne sport terminated with a six furlong
selling dash for the runners. Hermanita
ruled favorite in the betting, with Hlmera
a stoutly touted second choice. Before a
quarter had been covered Himera was
cut oft, and Fig Leaf took the lead. Bull
man, on the latter, found no difficulty in
eventually winning handily from Losette.
Snider on Hermanita, got up in time to
finish third. _
To-Day's State Fair Entries.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.-To-morrow
will be Sacramento day at the track, and
the two rich stake affairs— the California
Futurity and the Autumn Handicap— will
be the features of the card. The entries
and weights, together with the poolroom
odds offered to-night are as follows:
First race purse, five and a half furlongs.
7Nilgar. 108 4-1116 Magdalenes. 115... 3-5
16 The Miller, 108.... 4-1 1 10 Kaplan, 108 5-2
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, selllngr.
17 Rmil. Wheel. 107.. 1-2 21 Glen Ann, 107 5-1
6 St. Philip. 110 5-1 21 Rosemaid. 107 6-1
25 Hlmera, 107 6-1
Third race, California Futurity stake, six
furlongs.
.. Ollnthus, 125 7-5 .. Bonlbel 115. ........ 2-1
ao)Almoner. 118 8-1 coupled with
.. Saintly, 121 even .. Panimlnt, US
coupled with
.. Hlmera, 115
Fourth race, mile, the Autumn handicap.
14 Obsidian. 106 6-5 23 Casdale, 105 even
■><( Rainier 100 6-1 .. Oeorona, 98 8-1
1 Gilt Edge S5 15-1 .. Lime Water, 108.. 8-1
Fifth race, mile, Vlnctor stakes.
15 Marplot. 112 5-2U24)Scarborough, Z-Z
18 Lomo, 122 8-lUS Buckwa, 12J 7-10
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling,
for three-year-olds and upward that have never
to the troops should they live In tents
during the winter months.
The Chamber of Commerce has already
begun its work, as a short time ago. Gen
eral Miller issued an order directing that
requisitions be at once made upon th«
quartermaster for new tents to replac*
the damageed and leaky ones that have
been In use during the past season. Th«
significance of the order lies in the fact
that preparations for housing troops dur
ing the winter has begun and that an
army of men is to be concentrated at this
point.
won a race of the value of $500; horses entered
to be sold for $S0O; If for less, three pounds al
lowed for each $100 to $200; non-winners at
meeting allowed seven pounds; entries to close
In morning.
STATE FATR AWARDS.
Fancy Stock That Won Prizes in tte
Competition.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— The following
awards were made at the park this fore
noon:
In the sweepstakes for herd beef John Sparks
of Reno took all prizes with the Wilton bull
Wilton Grove and four cows. Mr. Sparks also
took all the premiums in tha grand sweep
stakes with the Alamo herd of Hereford*. The
prize for \tevt three-year-old bull was
taken for him by Wilton Grove; two-year-old
bull, by Jack Hayes; yearling bull, by Lord
Hereford; bull calf, by Fulton Alamo; three
year-old cow, by Jessie Edwanis; two-year
old cow, by Babe Alamo; yearling heifer, by
Shapely Nell; heifer calf, by Nora Alamo.
The winners In the coach horse class were:
B. R. Woodworth, best four-year-old stallion,
with Babcock Junior; second, L. A. Nufer,
with Sonoma Boy.
Two-year-old stallions— H. S. Morrison of
Broderlck first, with Dnnavllle.
Yearling stallions — Sutter Development Com
pany of Sutter County first, with Johnnie; A.
B. Mcßae of Rosevllle second, with Duke Jr.
Sucklln stallions — Storm? Bros, of Nicolaus
first, with Billy; A. B. Mcßae second, with
Mac.
Geldings— A. B. Mcßae first, -with Bam; H.
S. Morrison second, with Dick.
Mare, four years old, with colt — Storm Bros,
first, with Net and colt; H. H. Wilson of Ma
rysville second, with Blare and filly.
Four-year-old mares— A. B. McHae took first
and second prize with Black Bess and Dolly.
Three-year-old mares — H. H. Wilson took
first with Daisy; A. B. Mcßae second with
Filly.
Two-year-old fillies— B. R. Woodworth took
first with Roxey; C. B. Harris of Nlcolaus sec
ond with Sadie.
Yearling fillies— A. B. Mcßae took first with
Nell; H. H. Wilson second with Bess.
Suckling fillies— H. H. Wilson took first with
Daisy; T. A. Nufer second.
Thoroughbred families— To best stallion with
five of his colts: T. Boyles, Imp. Friar Tuck
and colts first.
To best mare and two colts— T. Boyles, Clara
L. and colts.
Families other than thoroughbreds — To stal
lion and five colts: Thomas Coulter's French
Monarch and colts first.
To mare and two cnlts — Santa Rosa Stock
Farm's Bye Bye and colts first.
Jersey cattle — Three-year-old bulls: Henry
Plerce's Roy of Yerba Buena, first: P. J.
Shields' Silverado 11, second.
Two-year-old bulls— Henry Plerce's Pan of
Yerha Buena. first.
Yearling bulls— C- V. Osborne's Brown Bes
sie's Son, first; Henry Pierces El wood of.
Yerba Buena, second.
Bull calves — Henry Pierce" s Araugura of Ter
bn Buena, first; P. J. Shields' McCullum, sec
ond.
i nree-year-old cows — Peter Shields' Lorlta E,
first; Henry Plerce's Fairwood of Yerba Buena,
second.
Two-year-old cows — Henry Pierces Fidelia of
Yerba Buena, first; P. J. Shields' Chullta, sec
ond.
Yearling heifers— P. J. Shields' Copo de Oro
first; same owners' Oleta's Enigma second.
Heifer calves— Henry Pierces Plxlana first;
P. J. Shields' Alpheas Gold Dust second.
Peter J. Shields' stock took first prize for
both old and young herd, while Henry Pierces
took first in the ralf herd.
Bweepstakes, hull of any age — Henry Plerce's
El Toro of Yerba Buena first.
Cow of any age— P. J. Shields' Loretta E,
first.
MB. BT7DD WAS ABSENT.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.—Govern
or's night at the pavilion was some
thing like "Hamlet" without Hamlet,
the Governor having found it neces
sary to return to San Francisco on the
afternoon train. Most of his staff, who
were guests of the Board of Agricul
ture for the day, accompanied him.
To-night the attendance at the pa
vilion was splendid and, since to-mor
row will be Sacramento day, and all
the city will take a half holiday, there
will doubtless be' a crush at the pa-
A'ilion in the evening.
The committee on awards was out to
night, and the medals will be distrib
uted in a day or two.
SAYS HIS SON WAS STOLEN.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 14.— This even-
Ing Colonel J. E. Depue of 1013 Broad
way, Oakland, and two detectives
arrived here in search of Depue's son
Clare who, he alleges, was kidnaped
about February 5 of this year. Depue
believes that the boy has been located
at the house of a rancher on the Shat
ter estate near Point Reyes and will
try to take him away to-morrow. The
father openly asserts that the boy is
being kept a prisoner under threats of
violence at the instigation of his step
mother, whose anger he says was in
curred by defeat in a suit at law.
ADVERTISEMENTS. " \
4&S!SS!3BBi&iS\ . wh . en . a bab 7
JjF**m&fKß£ff A\ smiles in its sleep \
4k (r^^^M/r^iv it is the mother's '
MBlv^^icSj^^ fond belief that
K^^T^S^yß an an & is kis9 "
®^*-^v»rV»R\V in ? h - No woman
fl^*^^\M XattainS - the SU "
P&&T3. -s^ iFJ'Ji^ciav P reme J°y ° °-
i^\»CM_^> manhood until
-ftf"' '**^y\^r iv . <w* sne knows the
\±J]A y^^^?')X caressing touch
*/ ]/ 3i^s!r^* < ■ of a first-born's
v J%jMf^y&S.j£~ ,\ ■ fingers. No wo-
man knows the
Jpjty!&£ei£%-''*~^ supreme sorrow
H.K#j^if-> ) ~j\ •'* of womanhood
mi luK-'Hi/ 1 ' I until she sees her
XiX~sJ,''*^~ baby in the cold
embrace of death.
Thousands of women daily achieve wo-
manhood's supremest joy, only to meet, a
few days or weeks or months later, its
supremest ; sorrow. This is because so
many babies are born into the world witk
the . seeds of , death already sown in their
little bodies. If a woman would have
healthy, robust children, strong and able
to withstand the usual little illnesses of
childhood, she must "look before she
leaps." - ■ .
If a woman will take the proper care of
her health in a womanly way, during the .
period of prospective maternity, she may
protect herself against much | pain and suf-
fering, and , possible j death, and insure th«
; health of her child. Dr. Pierces: Favorite
Prescription is the greatest of all medicines
for. prospective : mothers. It acts directly
on the delicate and important organs that
bear the > burdens of maternity and makes
them strong, healthy, vigorous and elastic.
It [ allays • inflammation, , heals ulceration,
- soothes pain and tones the tortured nerves.
It banishes the . usual : discomforts of the
expectant period and makes baby's advent .
to this world easy and almost painless. .It
. insures an ample supply of ■' nourishment.
;It is the greatest \ known nerve tonic and
invigorator, for women. All good dealers
sell it. Say "No" and stick to it when
urged ito \ accept ' a . substitute said to be
"just ;as - good  as , Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription." / '. +".■■
.;" I had i miscarried twice and was so weak I
could not stand on my feet." writes Mrs. Minnie
• Smith, P. M., of Lowell, Lane Co., Oregon. "I
took two i bottles : of ; Dr. ■ Pierces ' Favorite Pre-
scription and now have a healthy baby and am
stronger than for twelve years."
The quick constipation - core — Doctor
Pierce s Pleasant Pellets. Never gripe.
Accept no substitutes or imitations.
56
t£y W will
THURSDAY ;:'... SEPTEMBER 15, 1898
JOHN 0. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ;■
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAK^M^g^L^
PUBLICATION OFFICE ...Market and Third St».. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.. One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE \.?..:.W.:.: 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE.. .......Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ....Marquetto Building !
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 haves street, open until j
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
1 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh;
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
"Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. : :.
AMUSEMENTS*
Columbia— "A Milk White Flag-
Baldwin— "Mary Stuart."
Alcazar-" A Tragedy and "The First Born."
' Moroseo's— "The Land of the Living '
TlToll— " La Travlata."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Leading Man."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight,
clympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties,
Bnthn— Swimming.
LOOK OUT FOR Hl/W.
THE Republican County Convention of Los
Angeles, which met on Tuesday, adopted reso
lutions declaring for a United States Senator to
come from south of Tehachapi, and recommended
R.. i)J. Bulla for the place. As Mr. De Young does
not live south of Tehachapi and as, by no combina
tion of circumstances, can he be taken for Mr. Bulla,
this means that the Republicans of Los Angele?
County do not want the San Franciscan for Senator.
It is 'well that these resolutions have been adopted.
Every other Republican County Convention in the
State should imitate the example of the Los Angeles
convention in bringing Senatorial candidates upon
the track and grooming them for the race. It will
never do to leave the contest open for De Young.
He says he is not a candidate; he has, in fact, writ
ten a letter to that effect which he considers a flat
withdrawal. But this epistle is mere food for the
gudgeons. It is designed to throw the people off
their guard— to take them in, as it were, and do for
them.
De Young is a candidate for Senator. His plan is
to sneak up on the blind side of the office and sand
bag it. The people should be on their guard. Eter
nal vigilance is the price of keeping this cunning
Southern Pacific retainer out of the Federal Senate.
We think the best method of preventing the con
summation of De Young's confidence operation is to
smoke out legislative candidates all over the State.
The duty of Republicans should be to make these
aspirants declare their preference for Senator prior to
nomination. In this way the people may be apprised
in advance of the schemes of the journalistic candi
date. The Republicans of California do not want
De Young for Senator, and if he get the office it
will be in opposition to the wishes of 95 per cent of
the party. The people have a right to know how
their candidates for the Legislature, in the event of
their election, are going to vote for Senator, and the
way to find out is to make them declare themselves
in advance. If they are for De Young they should
be repudiated. If they are non-committal they may
be set down for De Young and defeated. Every as
pirant should be put on record. That is the only
way in which the safety of the State can be assured.
In this city the people may be trusted to take care
of De Young's absurd ambition. They know him
and are able to recognize his work. They will dis
cwer-the legislators who are proposed in his interest
and will see that they do not get to Sacramento. The
stomach of the Republican party of San Francisco
will assimilate almost anything, but it never can di
gest De Young. No whale that ever existed would
be able to keep him down. He is absolutely in
digestible.
THE MEN FROM TENNESSEE.
OWING to wanton murder committed by a
soldier of the Tennessee Regiment, following
a series of episodes not creditable, there is a
tendency to condemn as a body the men from the
South. That good men have to bear any share of the
blame earned by the scamps among them is unfor
tunate. The regiment is made up for the most part
of gentlemen./ It is officered by representatives of the
best blood and most substantial citizenship of the
Star.c from .which it comes.
Fof the Tennesseeans who have disgraced them
selves, and especially for the one who without cause
committed murder, there is no impulse to frame ex
cuse. Neither the officers nor the worthy class of
privates attempt -to palliate the offenses, but on the
other hand deplore them more acutely than if they
did not themselves feel that a portion of the disgrace
fell over the entire camp. Their State pride has been
wounded, and they. feel the. sting of a growing preju
dice which the unruly privates created and seem to
desire to keep alive.
It is to be regretted deeply that the stay of the
Tennessee men here should have resulted so un
happily. They were warmly welcomed, and made to
feel that though far from home they were with
friends. Most of them appreciated this, and do still.
A number have proved to have a- hoodlum instinct,
resulting in many encounters and one assassination.'
Even since this tragedy some of them have been
about the streets in such humor as to cause fear that
there is not yet an end to violence. Certainly no
soldier can reasonably find fault with California be
cause the Government failed to send him to the
front.
Perhaps the 'riction, through the counsel and exec
utive ability of Colonel Smith and his staff, will wear
away. If such prove not to be the case the sooner
the Tennessee men shall be returned to their homes
the better. There is an untamed element which
crnses uneasiness and mars the fraternity which has
existed between the volunteers and the citizens.
.A pablic official at Sacramento paid $60 for the
fun of fast driving. Not only had his speeding been
in violation of the law, but he had run over an editor.
Brigadier General Otis seems still to have influence
similar to that of a man who dies and leaves his es
tate entailed.
OUR TROPICAL COLONIES.
IF the people of the American and Asiatic tropics,
whom it is proposed to take in as colonists, are
not fit for self-government, we don't want them.
If they are, let them govern themselves.
The United States has other business than opening
a kindergarten in the tropics to train eighteen mil
lions of mongrels, Malays, pirates and .cutthroats in
the ways of self-government.
One reads the several propositions made by the
imperialists with amazement.
It is proposed that we take all these tropical
islands and either trade them off or hold them as de
pendencies. This raises the question of what sort of
government we have, what are its powers and whence
their derivation?
The constitution creates this government, and
only one kind of government, and grants all of the
powers and functions it can exercise. Our govern
ment cannot govern anywhere except in the exercise
of the granted powers given to it by the constitution.
It has no power given it to administer dependencies,
to send civil and military Governors to conquered
provinces, to hold them indefinitely subject to our
government and without voice or representation. The
constitution gives our government power to admit
new States into the Union. It grants no other power
to enlarge our borders, to hold distant dependencies
or to trade them off to other countries regardless of
the cries of the people. This is a republican govern
ment, which derives its powers, and all of its powers,
from the consent of the governed, for which the con
stitution provides by giving the people the franchise.
It cannot govern democratically at home and auto
cratically abroad. It cannot exercise over seventy
eight millions of people the powers granted to it by
the constitution, and over fifteen or twenty millions
of people in the tropics powers not granted to it by
the constitution. It cannot be a constitutional gov
ernment in one place and an unconstitutional govern
ment in another place.
We are aware that a derivation of the powers pro
posed to be exercised is asserted in what is known as
the "general welfare" clause of the constitution,
which recites that Congress shall provide for paying
the debts of the United States, dispose of its prop
erty and provide for the general welfare. But up to
this time no latitudinarian in construction has ever
pretended that these things may be done in any'
manner repugnant to the powers granted in the sub
sequent clauses. For instance, Congress can only
pay .ne debts of the United States by levying taxes
on the people in the manner granted to it. It can
not pay them by confiscation, by seizure of the pub
lic property of • the States, nor by levying unequal
taxes.
As for the general welfare, suppose, under this new
construction. Congress should decide that the gen
eral welfare required the erection of a monarchy, or
annexation to Russia, or the division of the country
into two or more nations, why can it not be done
if that clause give to Congress powers not limited by
the constitution itself?
The men who made the constitution had recently
revolted against the exercise over them by the Eng
lish Government of powers not given to it by the
unwritten constitution of England. That constitution
consists of principles with their radix in Magna
Charta, in the habeas corpus act and the other na
tional expressions which entrench the rights of man
and limit the powers of government. Because the
application of these principles to the American colo
nies was refused they took up arms and founded a
nation based on the consent of the governed. Hav
ing endured the evils of colonial government, hav
ing been taxed without representation, they did not
confer upon the government they made the power
to inflict the same wrongs upon others against which
they had revolted. They avoided conferring upon
the United States any power to hold dependencies
under extraconstitutional authority. They limited
the powers of this government by grant, not by de
nial; by affirmation, not by negation. Having in
detail recited in the constitution the powers to be ex
ercised by the government, they made the system
perfectly plain by the clause: "All powers not herein
granted to the United States are reserved to the
States or the people thereof."
These reserved powers in the possession of the
States are then defined by negation, by prohibition.
The constitution recites specifically what the States
shall not do; so a system was created in which the
United States shall not do what is not granted to it,
and the States shall not do what is prohibited to
them. Nowhere in it is there a line on which to base
the proposed imperial colonial policy.
Men are in the habit of pointing to the success of
Great Britain in governing the crown colonies, con
sisting of many races. She can do this without viola
tion of the principles which compose her unwritten
constitution. Our forefathers were born subjects of
Great Britain, with a birthright in- the English con
stitution, upon which they based their demand for
extension of its principles to them. The alien popula
tion of most of the crown colonies had not that birth
right, and the Dominion of Canada and the Australian
and New Zealand colonies make no contribution to
the imperial budget. The difference between the
English constitution and ours is organic, funda
mental, in that ours derives its principles from the
Declaration of Independence and grants, specifically,
the powers necessary to carry them into effect.
This statement of the principles of our constitution
will be tolerated by our readers, since they are in
terested in government according to the constitu
tion, which is the only security of their rights of per
son and property.
The application of this statement will follow, de
veloping the only way in which this government can
govern in the proposed tropical colonies.
SENTENCES HIMSELF TO DEFEAT.
AN ambition to be a member of the Assembly
may be altogether worthy. No fault will be
found with any gentleman who may entertain
it and make modest declaration of his hopes. F. R.
Porter of Oakland aspires to represent the Fiftieth
District. He is frank in saying so and in giving his
reasons for soliciting support.
Mr. Porter affirms that if elected he will favor the
candidacy of M. H. de Young for the Senate. For
him to say anything more is superfluous. The most
respected individual in California could not be elected
on this platform. Whatever his qualifications, let him
declare in favor of the candidate mentioned
and he kills any chance he might otherwise possess.
This State will not tolerate the idea of De Young
as Senator. It does not propose to have the editor
who declares himself not in the fight carrying off a
prize which is perhaps the highest gift California has
to bestow. It does not propose to be made a laugh
ing stock, nor to select the most unpopular man
within its borders to represent it at Washington.
Editor de Young will stay at horne — not that his
presence here is particularly desired, but that it is
better than his presence at the capital. Candidates
for the Assembly, hoping for election for the reason
that they will support this man for a place for which
his yearning is a distinct impertinence, might as well
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
retire. We condole with Mr. Porter. He has sen
tenced himself to defeat. For him to do so was use
less. Having declared himself for De Young, he may
as well consider himself out of the race now as later.
OUR FORTUNATE UNIVERSITY.
THAT splendid good fortune which presided
over the destinies of the University of Califor
nia at the hour of its birth, and which has at
tended every step in its progress from small begin
nings to great accomplishments, was never more con
spicuous, more bountiful or more active than at this
time. The institution, already dowered with a thou
sand gifts, sees before it prospects of greater gifts to
come, and faces a future more brilliant with glorious
promise than any other seat of learning in the world.
The increased endowments of the university
within recent years have been in themselves sufficient
to establish a great institution of arts and letters and
sciences, even had there been no foundation already
laid for them to build upon. Without counting
smaller benefactions, which have been numerous,
there have been lately given to the university the
Hopkins Art Gallery and School of Arts, the Wil
merding School of Mechanic Arts, munificent gifts
from Mrs. Phebe Hearst, and now the rich dona
tion from Miss Cora Jane Flood of lands, buildings
and water stock whose aggregate value is estimated
at $3,000,000.
Vast as these gifts from private citizens have been,
the advancing wealth and prestige of the university
have not depended on them alone. The University
of California was ordained by the people for the ben
efit of the people, and the people have never lost in
terest in it, nor have they ever been willing that its
maintenance and growth should be dependent upon
the liberality of the rich, no matter how generous the
rich might be. Therefore at the last session of the
Legislature there was enacted with the cordial ap
proval of all citizens a statute raising the revenues
provided by taxation for the university from one cent
to two cents on every $100 of assessed property in
the State. Under that act the income of the institu
tion contributed by the people was doubled, and will
increase as the commonwealth increases in population
and in wealth.
The development of the popular ideal of what the
university should be has been as notable as the in
crease in benefactions from private hands and in
revenues from the State. The time has gone by when
the public had no further ambition for the university
than that of housing it in buildings that would be
fairly commodious and weather proof. The aspira
tion at present is for a group of edifices whose ar
chitectural dignity and beauty will give the university
the most superb home ever possessed by any institu
tion of learning. That aspiration, seconded and sup
ported by the noble generosity of Mrs. Hearst, has
found in the regents a sympathy whose ardor has
prompted them to undertake its fulfillment. The ar
chitects of the world are now competing with one
another in devising plans for the stately structures
and the gardens that are to surround them amid the
hills of Berkeley, and ere long the foundations of a
part at least of the magnificent work may be laid.
It is at this juncture and amid these circumstances
of good fortune that the announced retirement of
President Kellogg next March imposes upon the re
gents the task of selecting a new executive for the
institution. It is not necessary to say that upon the
character of the man chosen for the office much of
the growing good of the university will depend. For
the advancement of knowledge and for the attain
ment of art there is more in the teacher than in the
building. That fact is well known to all Americans.
There will be, therefore, a widespread public inter
est in the choice of the new president.
The aspiration of Californians is to have the most
inspiring and influential as well as the most stately
and richly adorned university in the world. The
taxpayers have voted money liberally and private
generosity has been munificent, to accomplish that
aspiration, and now if the right man be chosen as
president the aspiration may be realized within the
lives of men of this generation.
ALTHOUGH it is not likely that the Board of
Education as now constituted will continue to
exist for a longer period than one year after
the ist of January next, it is important that the moral
forces of the city should get to work and rescue it
from the hands of the Democratic politicians.
The administration of the School Department by
these gentlemen for many years past has been simply
disgraceful. In fact, during a period of over twenty
years we have scarcely had two School Boards
which retired from office free from the taint of job
bery and scandal. The present aggregation of po
litical patriots has been more than usually offensive.
Not only have they loaded the department down with
useless school-teachers, appointed for no other pur
pose than to make places for political favorites, but
they have actually engaged in transactions which have
brought down upon them the wrath of grand juries
and called for the services of the law officers of the
city.
One Grand Jury was recently dismissed because it
got into a wrangle over jobbery in the School De
partment. Several of its members attempted to in
dict two School Directors guilty of malfeasance in
office, but they were thwarted in their efforts by the
friends of the men on the jury. Being unable to
indict anybody, the jury was dismissed by the pre
siding Judge of the Superior Court. But the affair
disclosed plainly the method by which School Di
rectors who serve without salary are enabled to make
money.
All this should be stopped. It is more than dis
graceful that a department of the municipal govern
ment which is devoted to instructing the young in
the ways of learning and morality should be made
the football of a lot of unscrupulous individuals in
tent only upon creating places for their favorites or
promoting their own personal or political interests.
It ought to be easy enough to form an organization
which will take the School Department for one year
at least out of politics. The municipal conventions of
none of the local political parties would care to re
fuse to nominate candidates selected by an organi
zation of this kind. If they did so their candidates
would be certain of defeat.
Friends of the School Department should consider
this subject without delay. Even though the time
during which the present system will continue to
exist is short, the end to be attained will justify the
effort. Under the new charter there will probably
be an improvement in the management of the depart
ment, the system having been entirely changed, but
its friends need not wait for that. A year of clean
administration would be worth striving for at the
present time.
\ — — i — —
Italians have become unpopular in many parts of
Europe because of the fact that the murderous
anarchists lately in evidence have all been of that
race. The only way to acquire standing again will
be for Italy to catch and execute some of this class
of outcast*. To express. approval of the death of the
Empress of Austria ought to be a capital offense.
CLEAN UP THE SCHOOLS.
THE CALUMNY AGAINST VAN FLEET.
It has been understood for some little time that the Demo-Pops pro
posed to "whisper to death" Justice Van Fleet. An attack made in the
open may be met and repelled, but "bushwhacking" and "Injun fighting-"
present difficulties which an honorable enemy is not s^ ready to meet. Just
this difficulty was felt in the case of Justice Van Fleet. Every intelligent
man knew that the insidious whisperings which were passed from ear to
ear aid him a great wrong, but how to meet, stop, and silence them was
the question.
That stalwart Republican paper the San Francisco Call met the ques
tion in its own way and answered it fully and finally. We will have no
more of the calumnies against Justice Van Fleet anent the Fox case dur
ing the rest of this campaign.— Oakland Tribune.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Captain Otto Petersen Is at the Russ.
Colonel C. C. Royce of Chlco is at the
California.
Dr. Francis -Kearns of Pasadena, is at
the Grand.
R. E. Hyde, a banker of Visalla, is at
the Palace.
L. C. Ross and wife of Bakersfleld are
at the Grand.
J. J. Aiken, a capitalist of Los Angeles,
Is at the Russ.
Drury Melone of Oak dale is at the Pal
ace for a few days..
T. W. Gitabs, a mining roan of Placer
ville, is at the Lick.
John S. Mosby Jr., a son of Colonel Mos
by, is at the Occidental.
Edgar Battle and Robert Niven of Seat
tle arrived yesterday and are at the Occi
dental.
E. A. Cooper, traveling passenger agent
of the Chicago and Alton, is at the Occi
dental. . . ;'
G. W. Bibbs and Oliver Stark, well
known business men" of ■ Vacaville, are at
the Russ.
Jay W. Adams, traveling passenger
agent of the .Njckel Plate line, has return
ed from a trip fo the Sound country.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Wetherington of
Seattle registered at the California yester
day. Mr. .Wetherington is a lieutenant of
the navy and was last on duty on the
Marietta.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— F. C. Btllarxi
of San Diego Is at the Metropolitan; A.
E. Sprague of San Francisco Is in Wash
ington. ■
THE MAKING OF A SOLDIER.
Joe Jerry hoed in a stony "field,
Under a sweltering sun.
The boy and the rock and the native
weed
Fought for the life in a battered seed,
And the struggle was just begun.
"Get out of the mud and follow me,"
Said the man with the better clothes,
"Against you are vermin and drouth and
frost;
You will anger nature with labor lost-
Come where a fair wind blows."
But the boy digged on In the stony. field,
With the struggle barely begun.
"I put the seed in this ground," said he;
"I think I had better stay and see
Whatever may be. done."
Joe Jerry quarried and placed the stones,
And fitted the timbers true.
Then his neighbors came, with fevered
eyes !
"Gold— pans of gold— just there it ltesJ
Shall we wait a day for you?"
A soft voice rifted the evening calm.
Singing the death of day.
A tired child came and went with a
kiss.
"I have a wife and a home— and this;
I think I had better stay."
"War! On to war"— «ind the cry came
near —
"There is honor, or fame, for alii"
"I have a dying wife and these , ..
I shall stay with them if God so please."
But he went at the second call.
"Come on!" they cried; "It's death to
wait!"
Hif face was bleeding and grim!
He picked a rifle out of the dirt
And answered simply, "The captain's
hurt;
I think I'll stay with him."
Frederick Brush In New Tork Sun.
HTJMOB OF THE DAY.
"They say that Mrs. Bondly throws on
a great deal of agony since they became
suddenly rich."
"Well, rather. That woman used to
walk In her sleep. ,Now she gets up and
rides a chainless bicyles or orders a car
riage."—Detroit Free Press.
Hungry Hlggins— l don't see how these
proverb guy 3 make It out that time Is
money.
Weary Watklns— Jist listen at you! As
If you'd never heard the Judge make It so
many dollars .or so many days.—lndian
apolis Journal.
"What are they going to shoot the man
for?"
"Worst case of insubordination in the
whole army."
"Who was he?"
"A Janitor in a New York flat."—Cleve
lend Plain Dealer.
I drove a jrolf ball In the air,
It fell to earth, I "know not where. .
With patience and with skill profound...
I searched the grass for rods, around.
No more that ball will soothe my .eye.
The caddie got there first— that's why.
—Life.
\ About the form of woman
There's a halo of romance,
And she never loves but once— unless
She has another chance.
—Life.
"What did you do while you were away
on your vacation?"
"Sat around while my wife was dressing
for meals, most of the time."— Chicago
News. ... •
He— What is this, dear?
She — Pound cake.
He— lsn't it rather small for its weight?
—Indianapolis Journal.
"How did Eleanor announce her en
gagement to the family?
"She just wiggled the. finger that had
on the diamond ring/j-Chicago Record.
Smith— Yes, I saw your son in the city.
He's making a name for himself.
Farmer Slaughenhaupt— Sho! So the old
name ain't good enuff? Wa-al, I don't
know ez I kin blame him much, consld
erin'.—Judge. __
"Blood," said the Anglomaniac, "ia
thicker than water."
"So it is," yelled the imperialist. "Let's
wade in it."— Town Topics.
Tenor— At the first concert in which I
sang four ladles were removed from the
hall in a fainting condition.
Friend— Ah! Indeed? But yon must re
member your voice has improved since
then!— Fllegende Blatter.
First Girl— l was in front last night,
dear, to see you play Juliet.
Second Girl— Tea, I know you were. But
you needn't have talked so loud all
through my best scenes.
First Girl— Oh, but you must be mis
taken, dear, it couldn't possibly have
been I. I never talk in my sleep!— Punch.
FOUNTAIN HEAD OF EVILS.
In the case of the army almost all the
considerable blunders aeem to point to
one man. Newspapers of both party
creeds are calmly and critically consider
ing the important nart played by Secre
tary of War Alger. So far we have yet
to see affirmative evidence in any direc
tion of ability on his part at all commen
surate with his responsibilities. The con
servative journals are the ones that are
insisting on his removal. It is the tem
perate and discriminating criticism of the
press that Secretary of War Alger is
called upon to meet.— Rochester Herald
(Dem.).
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MARIE CORRELI— C. M., City. The
name of Marie Correli, the writer, is
Marion Mackay.
BATAVIA— A. S.,'Clty. The name of
the Governor General of Batavia Java
is C. A. W. Van der Wyck.
A COUNT IN CRTB-A. C. R., City.
Three trays, one deuce and a four spot in
crib count 17 in a game of crib.
NO THIRD TERM-G. M., City. No
one has ever been elected to serve a third
term as President of the United States.
A HAMBURG SHILLING-O. S Mt
Eden. Cal. A Hamburg shilling of 1797
tfffiff vselllngv selllng alue of from twenty-five
Wdfo? sueh S coins € dealerS d ° nOt mkke a
COAL CONSUMPTION-G. E City To
ascertain the coal consumption of a
of e^T't« &Ure », ol L the basis of 2 % Pounds
th* ™ VV o.'0 .' each fndlcated horsepower of
hour™ ? that ls , 2*4- Pounds per
O? v HE E R EALF IS ' BURIED-Elalne,
nfPn'^ tt « Realf ' the Poet, a native
?nnd n lan 43 years of age. died in Oak-
Dl?rWp c }? ** 25,;1878, His remains were
eme in a this e clty n the ° dd Fell ° WS> Ceme-
BEET SUGAR-H. A. D.. San Jose, .Cal.
or information on the subject of the de
"lopment of ' the beet Sugar industry, in
Fnform"d a t^n A s no one who is better
FranSsco • Claus ■ Spreckels of San
THE FASTEST YACHT-H. M City
The fastest yacht of which this depart
, TOP AND : BOTTOM-TV. C R Stock
ton T Cal. Whether a point on the top of
a wagon-wheel moving on a surface
moves faster than a point on the bottom
of the same wheel is one that has bet^
discussed by. haS neVer the days of
Uy°aSw^2d? haS nCVer be€n "tlBScVr-
THAT WAR TAX-S., . Oakland, . Cal.
TV hether a corporation must affix the war
tax stamp, or whether it must be affixed
by the party requiring the services of
the> corporation is a matter that will be
shortly decided in a court of law. This
department cannot anticipate the'•decis
ion of the court. ■ •.'•■:
TO PORTO RICO-S. P. C, Sacra
mento, Cal. This department is unable to
advise you as to what kind of a place
Porto Rico would be for a railroad man
who wants to go there to secure employ
ment. For information of that character
you should address a letter of Inquiry to
the I nited States Consular Detriment
office of the Secretary of State, Washlng-
MARRTING-R. H., Oakland, Cal.
There is nothing wrong in a man carrying
a girl who does not belong to the same
church as he does, provided that there is
an understanding between the parties
which will obviate any possible trouble on
religious grounds. If each can respect the
religion of the other they will get along
but if they cannot they had better not
marry.
NEWSPAPERS— M. E. C, City. When
a subscriber to a «ewsj>aper sent him
through the mail' desires to discontinue
such he must give nottee to the publisher.
If after his subscription runs out he con
tinues to take it from the mail, -although
he has made up his mind not to continue
his subscription, he is responsible for pay
ment, and the debt is the same as any
other debt, collectible as is any other in
debtedness.
TO JOIN THE NAVAL MILITIA-P. L.
D., Berkeley, Cal. An individual desiring
to join the naval militia of California, if
resident of Berkeley, should present his
application at a meeting held on board of
the Marion in San Francisco harbor any
Tuesday night. The matter will then be
acted upon, and if favorable action is
taken the individual can enlist. The ap
plicant must be 18 years and over and un
der 45, sound in body and health.
LIGHT HOUSE SERVICE— F. H./City.
The average number of appointements in
the light house service in the district in
which' California is included has been one.
in six months during the past three years
The list of-eligibles Is kept at the head
quarterp.of the district in which the civil
service ■examination is held; also at the
headquarters of the Civil Service Commis
sion In .Washington. D. C: The Light
House Bpard makes the appointments.
SLAVOfcTA— Q. M., City. There is not
an independent Slavonian Government at
this time, Aor have the Slavonians, an in
dependent flag. There is now in Austria-
Hungary w"kat is. known as Crotia-Sla
vonia, whicr( possesses an autonomy as
regards the internal administration of re
ligion, instruction, justice and police. It is
part of the kfhgdom of Hungary, and is
ruled by Francis Joseph 1., since IS4B. The
Emperor of Austria was crowned King of
Hungary June 8, 1867.
BUNCH GRASS— Mrs. J. C. P., City.
The grass that is growing on the sand
dunes on the line of the electric cars be
tween Stanyan street and the Cliff and
■commonly called "bunch grass" is not a
native of California.. It was planted
there for the purpose of preventing the
sand from drifting oi\ the railroad track.
Its name is ArmophillaJjAundiacea, and it is
also known as "sand reed." It grows on
the sand coasts of Europe and in the At
lantic States of North America. It has
been transplanted in this State and
thrives.
WORK BY LOCATORS— Miner, Coul
terville, Cal. The section the State law
In regard to work performed on veins or
lodes is to be found in the\act of March
27, 1897. It provides that within sixty days
after discovery, of a vein or lode the dis
coverer must perform $50' wcJrth of work
In developing his discovery and must file
In the office of the Recorder oft'the count"
in which the vein or lode is located a cer
tificate of location containing the name of
the vein or lode, name, of the locator or
locators and the date of .location and
posting of notice.
1 PUBLIC THOROUGHFARE— Twelfth
street between Mission- and Howard is an
open public thoroughfare, "and ©either the
police nor any one else has riWht to
obstruct the same • and prevent teams
from passing or repassing, except on the
occasion of a public parade, public funer
al, or the like, or when closed for re
pairs. The fact that the police use that
block for practicing tue goose step does
not give them the right to prevent team
sters who may have business on that
block from transacting such business.
CONTINENTS— A. S., City. The ques
tion of the number of continents that
there are is one that has never been set
tled. There are those who hold that there
are five great masses or divisions of land
us contmentß— Europe, Asia, Africa,
America and Australia. Modern (isage
recognizes four continents: Eurasia
(Europe and Asia as one), Africa, North
and South America, and is divided as to
Australia, which Is variously styled a con
tinent and a continental island. The title
Antarctic continent is given to a great
body of land supposed to occupy the south
polar region.
TO BECOME A CITIZEN-F. M., Oak
land, Cal. There Is only one way for an
alien to become a citizen of the United
States and that is to follow the provisions
of the naturalization laws. The answer to
the question, "Can an alien minor who
Uas been in this country more than five
J^ars, speaks and writes the English lan
guage, draw up citizenship papers, if the
parents are willing, and he is likely to
leave the country for an indefinite period?
If not, is there any way that he can place
himself under the protection of the stars
and stripes with a view of becoming a
citizen when he becomes of age?" Is that
no alien minor can enter into any such ar
rangement with the United States or
State authorities.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY— Q. M,. City.
William McKlnley, President of the
United States, is descended of Irish- .
Scotch stock. According to family tradi
tions James and William McKinley, who
founded the two branches of the McKin
ley family in this country, one' in the
South and the other in the North, came
direct from the northern part of Ireland.
They were predominantly of Scotch de
scent as the family originally came from
the west of Scotland.
WOOLLY APHIS— W. H. D., Coulter
ville, CaL From the description given in
your communication it is apparent that
the pest complained of is the woolly
aphis. Many remedies have been tried
with more or less success. It is said that
the most successful Is to graft on resist
ant stock. It Is said that the following
mixture has been found of value: "To
one gallon of quicklime add a pound Of
flour of sulphur and a quarter of a pound
df Limp black. Mix to the consistency of
whitewash with boiling water. Lay on the
branches when about blood warm. This
should be used when the winged insects
spread from tree to tree."
POSTAGE STAMPS— W. R.. City. The
number of ideas that may be expressed
by the peculiar placing of postage stamps
on an envelope is unlimited. There is no
fixed rule as to what stamps shall sig
nify, as that, like a cryptogram, is ar
ranged between the parties who intend
to use the same. Some years ago an in
dividual in the East gave out that a
stamp inverted on the rlghthand upper
corner of the envelope means that the per
son written to shall write no more; if in
verted on the upper lefthand corner then
the writer declares affection for the re
ceiver of the letter (and the mail clerK
declares that the party who Placed the
stamp on the wrong corner is an idiot); 11
the stamp if in the center at the toR it
means yes, and when at the bottom it
moans no; if at a right an~le on the
right hand corner it means 'does the re
ceiver love the sender?" similarly located
on the upper lefthand corner it means
that the writer hates the other; the
stamp placed on the line with the sur
name means "Is my love accepted? It
the pnrty addressed la engaged the art
swer is made by placing the stamp in the
same position, but reversed.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger Boehm is still in
the country visiting courts. On the occa
sion of his visit to Court Mount Rose in
Rf no. Nev., he was most cordially wel
comed, and tendered a fine banquet.
A movement has been started to hold
district meetings, at which two members
of tht board of deputies w;il address the
membership present in the interest ol
V\e cider. „
Court Lincoln will Rive a social on the
sth of October in Washington Hall.
The board of deputies will visit Court
Onward en the 2uth inst., and Court Ade
iaide on the 26th.
Court Occident, the kid glove court of
the jurisdiction, will give a smoker on
the 2?d, anc it is expected that it will :,o
one of th^ finest affairs of the kHid over
t'iv.<n by that subordinate.
Court' Placer was instituted at Ptilct
Plat or, the 30th of last month with 26
nr.en:beru whose average age 's 29 years.
CliHrltrfl Runckel is chef rang?r, and. is.
MaJUma financial secretary.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The committee having charge of the
affair has completed its arrangements for
the reception to be tendered this month
to the grand officers by the members of
No. L.
The members of No. 33. located at Vic
toria !'■ 1., recently tendered a reception
to Bishop Christie at that place.
Thf members of the council of the
Young Men's Institute at Merced gave a
reception to the Young Ladies' Institute
of that City a few evenings since, and
they also presented the ladies a fine cab
inet, in which to keep their books and
papers.
ONE GOVERNOR'S "rtAIL.
Governor Stephens is not reposing on a
bed of roses since the declaration of war.
Missouri has raised six regiments of
troops up to date, and there is quite a cor
respondence between those In the service
ami the Executive office.
"For the last ninety days I have. been,
receiving at the rate of 1000 letters "a
day " said the Governor. "I try to an
swer them all. and it is a big task. Thrr
are not all from men in the service, by ■
any means. There are a good many hun
dred left yet in the State who think they
would make excellent majors, lieutenants,
colonels, brigadier generals, etc., and th»-y
write to the Executive office and tell of
their fitness to win fame on the battle
field. Of those in the field or camp many
who hold small offices think they should
be advanced, and they write and tell ma
bo. Mothers and fathers who have a son
in the service whom they want back
home again send a letter to me asking for
my influence in having him discharged,
arid, in fact, almost everything pertaining
to the service of the Missouri troops ia
made the subject of communication with
my office. So far I have managed to keep
up with the correspondence, and will en
deavor to do so in the future. I find It
imperatively necessary to be at my desk
by 7 o'clock every morning and remain
there until the shades of nightfall. On
account of had eyesight I do not dare to
work after night, and hence try to make
this up by starting early in the morning." ■
— St. Louis Republic.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Marcus Ward's aud Hurlburt's fine
■writing papers, all sizes, shapes and tints.
Koh-i-noor pencils, Waterman pens, writ
ing tablets, papeteries, etc. Visiting cards
and invitations a specialty in stationery
department of Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
"Well," said the city editor, "what did
you find out about that mysterious box
at police headquarters?"
"There was nothing In It." replied the
reporter. — Philadelphia North American.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F» .
route. Call a^ the new ticket office. 62S Market.
In the Cuban, swamps a bottle of Dr. Sleitert't
Angostura Bitters will do wonders to keep
your digestive organs in order.
"What kind of a cat Is that, Johnnfe?"
"That's a long-range cat. sir."
'"Why long-range?"
" 'Cause she's a Mauser!"— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
V : , 1 ADVERTISEMENTS. -^
WHERE / ' MS* \IHTOX-
QTHtasf JSmJ^mSk \ (CANT
PAIL a JHMgjCIKSNHk «•%—•»••
You must have ibis Conic
to get a non-intoxicating malt •
; extract, and you must have •
ft, to give your system the :
benefit of more malt strength '
than you can possibly get '-. ■
I from any other tonic:— Pro^;
duces healthy blood. Aids
digestton,_Grows flesh. M ££*«. ;
Val.Blatz Brewing Or •
MILWAUKEE.USA. :
-', Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.FOUR SOUTH AMERICAN
COUNTRIES MAY FIGHT
Boundary Dispute Between Chile and Argentina
Likely to Develop Into a Clash
of Arms.
Special Cable to Tlie Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Sept. 14.— The boundary dispute between
Chile and Argentina seems likely to develop into a great South
American conflagration. It is believed that Bolivia has signed a se
cret treaty with Argentina to make common cause against Chile.
In case of war, however, Peru, I am informed, would checkmate
Bolivia, leaving Argentina to the care of Chile. This attitude of
Peru is said to be due to the fact that Chile has wiped off $10,000,000
from the ransom for the provinces returned by the protocol.
Chile is now completing her naval and military preparations for
a hostile climax to the negotiations with Argentina.
STRAIGHT-OUT
POPULISTS WIN
Entitled to the Party
Designation.
DECISION OF MR. BROWN
BTTLES AGAINST THE FUSION
ELEMENT.
Declares It Lost Its Identity When
It Joined Issues With Demo
crats and Silver Re
publicans.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— Secretary
of State Brown to-day handed down
his decision in the matter of the con
test between the straight-out Populists
and the fusion element of that organi
sation. Secretary Brown, in referring
to the certificates presented to him for
filing by Edward L. Hutchinson, chair
man, and H. J. Gregory, secretary, and
refusing to file the same, says:
"The People's party convention, as
originally convened on July 12, 1898,
ceased to be a convention of said party
by reason of its abandonment of the
distinctive party name of the People's
party (accomplished by fusion with the
Democratic party) in failing to exer
cise its risht to name a State ticket,
but instead delegating to the Demo
cratic party and Silver Republican or
ganization the power to name all but
three of its nominees for State and two
district officers."
Secretary Brown says that while the
call for the convention said that
twenty-six candidates were to be nomi
nated, only seven nominations were
made.
The decision of Secretary of State
Hmwn. which is quite a lengthy one,
gives to the "middle-of-the-road" Pop
ulists the right to a place on the ticket
with Shanahan as their nominee, in
stead of conferring the privilege upon
SOME OF THE LEADING DIVINES AT THE METHODIST CON
FERENCE AT PACIFIC GROVE.
those Populists who first convened on
July 12.
FUSIONISTS NAME
MEN OF PROBITY
Strong Legislative Ticket Nominated
by the Anti-Gang Combine in
Santa Clara.
SAN T JOSE. Sept. 14.— The conference
committees of Democrats and Populists
met this afternoon and nominated a legis
lative ticket for Santa Clara County. The
Populists were given the Senator in the
Thirtieth District and Assemblyman in
the Fifty-fourth district, while the Demo
crats filled the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-slltth
Assembly districts. The meeting was har
monious and the agreement was -quickly
reached by the commltteemen. The Pop
ulists wanted the privilege of naming the
Assemblyman in the Fifty-fifth District,
but the Democratic nominee was accept
able and no wrangling ensued.
F. B. Brown, a Populist, was nominated
for Senator in the Thirtieth District.
Brown is a lawyer and one of the most
prominent Populists in the county. He
was at one time a member of the Kansas
Legislature.
Those named for Assemblymen are:
Fifty-fourth District, W. W. Turney (Sil
ver Republican) of Campbell; Fifty-fifth
District, O. D. Richardson (D.) of this
city; Fifty-sixth District, A. A. Martin
(D.) of Gtlroy.
The nomination of Brown for Senator
strengthens the fusion of the Populists,
Democrats and Good Government League
materially. The Populists had named
Brown for District Attorney and the
Democrats James H. Campbell for the
same office. Both parties could not agTee
upon a man, but Brown's nomination to
day settled this point in dispute.
CALAVERAS REPUBLICANS.
County Convention at Angels Camp
Names a Ticket.
ANGELS CAMP Sent. 14.-VThe Repub
lican County convention met to-day.
Frank Egan was elected chairman and
Charles Day secretary. The report of the
committee on platform and resolutions,
indorsing the nomination of Alexander
Brown and F. J. Sollnsky by the State
convention, paying a fitting tribute to and
Indorsing the McKlnley administration
and deploring the absorption of the Dem
ocratic party by the Populists and the
single tax system, was adopted. The
convention nominated the following coun
ty ticket:
Assemblyman, Harvey S. Blood.
Clerk, Auditor and Recorder, A. L.
Write.
Sheriff. Charles Llllie.
Treasurer, William H. Stephler.
District Attorney. E. E. Wood.
Assessor, Thomas R. Smith.
Coroner and Public Administrator, Dr.
George F. Pache.
Superintendent of Schools. E. F. Floyd.
County Surveyor, W. H. P. Pennlman.
Member at Large of County Central
Central Committee, Frank Egan.
WELL NAME A TICKET.
The Citizens' Republican Party De-
cides to Hold Independent
Convention.
The County Committee of the Citizens'
Republican party decided last night to
place a local ticket in the field. A can
didate for Congress In the Fourth Con
gressional District will also be named.
A call for a municipal convention was
adopted. The convention will be held
i September 26, at 26 Geary street, begin
ning at S p, m.. and a complete local
ticket will be nominated. The apportion*
ment of delegates to each Assembly dis
trict under the call Is given as follows:
The Twenty-eighth Dlatrlct, 3: Twenty
ninth, 3: Thirtieth. 3; Thirty-first 3; Thirty
second, I: Thirty-third, 4; Thirty-fourth 5-
Thirty-fifth, 4; Thirty-sixth, 5; Thlrty-geventh
6; Thirty-eighth. 5: Thirty-ninth. 6; Fortieth'
6; Forty-first, 6; Forty-second, 5; Forty-third'
4; Forty-fourth. 4; Forty-fifth. S.
Amador County Nominees.
JACKSON, Sept. 14.— The Republican
convention to-day nominated the follow
ing -ticket: For Assemblyman, John R.
Tregloan; , Sheriff, ;R. J. Adams; District
Attorney, E. A. Freeman ; Clerk and Aud
itor, George F. I Mack; Coroner and Public
Administrator, Thomas Lemtn; Assessor,
John Marchant; r School Superintendent,
J. S. Clark; Surveyor, W. E. Downs; Su
pervisor Township 3, Ben Ross; Super
visor Township , 5, ■ Fred Lemotn. .
!«M»S*r^33Sg TiM — '. -♦ ' . ' * ■ ■"'■• ■' \
NOMINATION GOES BEGGING.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. U.— The Demo
cratic Legislative Convention met to-day
and nominated E. J. Emmons for As
semblyman. Emmons was a delegate to
the late Populist convention and tried to
secure the nomination from his own par
ty but was defeated. No straight Demo
crat sought the nomination, so Emmons,
who had announced himself an independ
ent candidate, was taken up. .
Alvin Fay, at present District Attor
ney, announces himself as tax Independent
candidate for Asemblyman.
Ladles ordering mild wines and liquor* have
special department and clerk. 17-year-old port
for the feeble. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Market.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH, PACIFIC GROVE, IN WHICH THE METHODIST CONFERENCE
IS HOLDING ITS SESSIONS.
METHODISTS AT
PACIFIC GROVE
Forty-Sixth Conference
Begins.
BISHOP HURST IN THE CHAIR
HEARTILY WELCOMED BY THE
CALIFORNIANS.
Optimistic Tenor of the Reports
Submitted and the Remarks
Hade by Leading
Churchmen.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 14.-With the
most solemn of all ceremonies of the
Christian church, the celebration of the
sacrament of the Lord's supper, the forty
sixth annual session of the California
conference was opened here to-day.
Bishop John F. Hurst. D.D., LL.D., of
Washington, D. C, officiated, being as-
sJsted by Rev. Drs. Robert Bentley, W.W.
Case, S. G. Gale, John Klrby. A. J.
Gustafson, F. J. Masters and M. C.
Harris, presiding elders of the i stricts
of this conference.
After this service was finished the busi
ness of the conference was begun. Bls^iop
Hurst, the president, called the body of
clergymen to order. The roll wa3 called
by last year's secretary, Rev. A. H. Need
ham, of Oakland.
Bishop Hurst addressed the conference
briefly, expressing great pleasure at re
turning after sixieen years to the Pacific
Coast and at presiding for the first time
at a Pacific Grove conference. He was,
he said, delighted at the advance Method-
Ism had made on this coast since his pre
vious visit, and In this connection spoke
glowingly of the great strides of Metnod
ism throughout ihe world in the past
decade. While telling of a Chinaman in
Burmah who gave 4000 Mexican dollars to
found a Christian school in Singapore he
said:
"When we enter the Philippines, which
we must, for God and American valor
have said so, the new field must be en
tered from Singapore."
He paid a fine tribute to the magnificent
work of Bishop Taylor, who sat besiue
him, both in Africa and India, and fin
ished with a compliment to the present
conference and its members, saying there
was no more popular territory in Meth
odist America than that of the California
conference.
Visitors to the conference were then
introduced by the Bishop, and all 'were
received with hearty applause. They were
Bishop William Taylor, formerly Bishop
of Africa; Dr. J. H. Lozier of Chicago,
Drs. J. A. B. Wilson, C. J. Chase, W. C.
Evans and C. E. Locke of San Fran
cisco, who have become members of the
California Conference since its last ses
sion and are meeting with its members
for the first time; Dr. Benjamin Chap
pel, dean of the Anglo-Japanese College
at Tokio, Japan; Evangelist J. J. Smith
of Oakland, and J. W. Lewis from the
Minnesota Conference.
Routine business being resumed, the
following conference officers were elect
ed: Secretary, A. H: Needham of Oak
land; assistants, J. H. N. Williams, Q.
M. Richmond; treasurer, Thomas Fllben
of Santa Cruz; assistants, J. T. Murrlsh,
Lorenzo Fellers; statistical secretary,
George W. Beatty of San Francisco; as
sistants, G. M. Meese. W. A. Kennedy,
F. W. Lloyd. O. M. Hester, H. J. Winsor;
railroad secretary, F. F. Jewell of Pa
cific Grove.
Conference atewards, class of 1901, were
elected, as follows: F. D. Bovard, A. T.
Keedham and William Angwin.
Committees for carrying on conference
business for the year 1898 were elected as
MAY RAISE DEWEY
TO VICE-ADMIRAL
In His Report to Congress Secre
tary Long Will Not Overlook
the Hero of Manila Bay.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— A Wash lngton special to the Herald says:
Secretary of the Navy Long is collecting data for incorporation in his
annual report, which is expected to be one of the most interesting
documents ever submitted to Congress. Secretary Long is expected
to make some special reference to the operations of the Asiatic squad
ron and particularly to the conduct of Rear Admiral Dewey. The de
partment officials generally believe the best is none too good for that
officer, and no surprise would be expressed if the Secretary were to
recommend that the grade of vice admiral be created in order that
it might be filled by the appointment of Rear Admiral Dewey.
follows: Auditing, W. D. Crabb; audit
ing Chinese and Japanese accounts. \\.
S. Urmy; Bible cause, W. C. Gray; book
accounts, J. D. Hammond; church exten
sion Wesley Dennett; conference enter
tainments, F. F. Jewell; conference pro
gramme, J. N. Beard; conference rela
tions, T. H. Woodward; education, J. >>.
Beard; Epworth League, F. D. Bovard;
evangelistic work, W. F. Warren; Freed
man's Aid, E. E. Dodge; Japanese Mis
sion, S. J. Carroll; Indian work. W. B.
Priddy; ministerial qualifications, H. B.
Hiacock; missionary, F. F. Jewell; or
phanage, E. R. Dille; public workshop,
F. F. Jewell; Sabbath observance, M. C.
Briggs; Sunday School Union, F. R. Wal
ton; temperance, C. H. Beechgood; tract
cause. Lorenzo Fellers; Women's Foreign
and Home Missions, respectively, Alfred
Kummer and J. W. Phelps.
A special committee on conference his
tory, consisting of H. B. Heacock, E. R.
; Dille, J. W. Buxton, Wesley Dennett, H.
i B. Sheldon, E. P. Dennett, was also
! elected for the purpose of preparing a
history of the California Conference.
A general discussion regarding commlt
i tees occupied some time, and was followed
■ by the presiding elder's report. Dr. John
Kirby, presiding elder of Oakland district,
i was called upon by Bishop Hurst, and
in opening stated that this was his fourth
: annual report as presiding elder of Oak
land, and he was delighted to be able to
: mfike it better than that of any < receding
j year. In regard to the condition of his
district, he reported three new churches
i built during the year, all without debt.
I More than half the churches in the dis
trict were free of debt and others had
greatly reduced their debts during the
year. As an illustration he cited the First
Church of Oakland, of which Dr. E. R.
Dille was pastor. That church in the
fiast year raised about $25,000 and canceled
ts debt. Other encouraging points were
noted.
The members of his district then stated
the financial condition of their charges
and finished the report of Oakland dis
trict.
Resolutions of friendship and farewell
to Dr. Chappell, who is about to return
to his work in Japan, were presented by
Dr. M. C. Harris, and were adopted, and
after the presentation of J. A. Potter,
chaplain of the United States army, to
the conference the session adjourned.
The conference anniversary of the
Woman's Home Missionary Society was
held this afternoon, Mrs. Robert Bentley
presiding. The principal department of
work discussed was that by the deacon
esses, Mesdames Lake, Holbrook and
Harvey representing that order. The
principal address of the programme was
delivered by Rev. C. E. Locke, D.D., of
San Francisco, his theme being "Needs
of Woman's Home Missionary Work."
The evening was devoted to an inter
esting session of the Conference Ladies'
Aid Society, followed by a formal recep
tion tendered by the society to bishop C.
H. Hurst and his daughter. The pro
gramme consisted of introductory re
marks by the president, Mrs. H. Z. Jones,
reports by the secretary and treasurer,
papers on "Problems of Society" by
Misses Davis and Robertson and Mrs.
Grant, and vocal solos by Miss Grace Da
vis of San Francisco.
Assembly Hall was decorated with
flowers, and the ladies on the reception
committee were prettily downed. A
pretty ceremony of the" evening was the
presentation of small American flags to
the guests by this committee.
When Bishop Hurst appeared on the
platform the entire assemblage waved
handkerchiefs, and when immediately af
terward the people, led by Miss Davis,
sang "The Star Spangled Banner." to the
accompaniment of waving flags, the patri
otism of all was aroused.
To Mrs. George D. Kellogg of Newcastle
had been assigned the duty of formally
welcoming the Bishop and most gracefully
did she fulllll it. making her distinguished
guest feel that he was indeed welcome.
The. bishop's response was graceful and
happy. He said he had not words to ex
press his feeling of gratitude to the ladies
for welcoming him so delightfully to their
conference, and he could only remember
California most gratefully always. The
beauty of his reception to-night showed
him how pleasant It was to have women's
societies in the conference, and he spoke
approvingly of their effective work In
their various departments. His talk was
I brimful of patriotic and religious optim
ism and was a fitting finale to the flag
waving ceremony which preceded It.
After this address the evening was de
voted to social conversation.
Matrimonial Ties Severed.
Judge Hunt yesterday granted Daisy X
Gedge a divorce from Donald McCulloch
Gedge on the ground of extreme cruelty.
The case was not contested. Gedge signed
a stipulation agreeing to pay J6O a month
alimony to his wife.
Judge Bahrs has granted Eva M. Hud
dy a divorce from William D. Huddy on
the ground of cruelty.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil la
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
- Annual Sales 0v0r0, 000,000 Boxes--
P*rS§Ps
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
iuch as Wind and Fain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness ■ after meals. , Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costlveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep.' Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRBT DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct- •
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beechatrt's Pills are
Without a Rival
.And have the " ; , ■ ■■■-. ■
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
;._ 25c. at all Drug Stores. .
KOHLBERG. STRAUSS
& FROHMAN.
Special Offering
CUSHION COVERS!
We will place on sale for ;
THIS WEEK
\ . Twe ye Dozen ; Hand - orae . vVv -
■VELOUB CUSHION COVERS'
At 95c.
Regular Value $2.00
107-109 POST ST., ' '
■■■" ;;: : .■..••;: —.AND—^ ■::■:}
1220-1222-1224 Market Street. ,
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
•± .*f r . " : Full Set of Teeth :. ' -~ -, :
eSSfcVX izAi^^ extracting free $5 00 up
<tS^Jtnw&+*Z Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
&~^W' MijP. V Fillings -:•- - 25 ess. up
"ft Open Evenings &SundaT»
tT"^Ml€i^S H van vroom
S'jtrrt l?\>V Electro Dental Parlor*
v *X||[ jr>v^ ;Slxth and i Market |
• " • w ■ . . Dr. °W. Kleisar, Prop.
"Pltt'cj Pppom Uglm tkHftZ £LylF^§&
Hjlj I llodill JjdllU|fc^M^u^
Cleanses the Nasal M&^eS^S^Sl
Passages, -pi lays Pain w!** Cc <o%. 2*l*o M
■■■:-' Inflammation, ■ HllJ^v^R if Ja
Restores tbe Senses of Wf^ <{f&£'J&
Taste and Srr>ell. R» > '^'/XI
HEfiLS THE SORES. Ktas^^ J^^l
Apply Balm Into each nos- m!^^iZ&sf*M3Bm
trll. ELY BROS., 50 Warren WB^^^r^^
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD.
*■ Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Hen only. Book on Private Diseases and
-Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 'rd' experience.';
■ Patients en red at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 0 '
to3dally:6:3otoB:3oev'g:s. Bunday(i,lotol2. Consul-
. tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address '
- U Dr. P. BOBCOE McMI'LTY, v
i Sd«% Kearny St., (San Francisco, Cal.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Plstst Mention "The Ca!L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUB- FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and (in Ware Importers,
,1 17 SUTTER STREET.
i AUCTIONEERS.
Uv% Stock riT lip *ra n Montromery Bt..
Auctioneers. KlLiLiil ;ft vV' : ; San Francisco. :
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
Win- WHfiFWTVfi 63S Broadway street.
.WJU- oWluCmnU> 63S Broadway, street.
BELTING.
LP fIFfiFN "Manufacturer of Beitlne and
. r. IlCUcn, Loce Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Offico and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
. 342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET. ". .'
i Telephone Main 18M.
COPPERSMITH. ' "
Joseph Pox. Supt. • H. Clyth. Mar.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
, . DENTIST.
DR. CV: RICHARDS, & .^Zl&rnr.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. s^n co ssts n ttt s da ?e dd i S M^ n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
.. EDWARD BROWN &, SON.
411-413 California street, rear. " •
Capital Represented .......over $14,000.000
FLOUR.
VITIAVAT Flour Mills. J. Martenstein & Co.
nAIIUnAL SW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIC niIVEC * Ct\ Shipping Butchers. lM
JAo- dUIC3 CC til., Clay. Tel. Main l»4.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LBIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., S. F.
Wholesale . and Retail Manufacturer* of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HARDWARE.
"DALACE Hardware Co.,lmportersSDealers
*in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All lI A Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
GUNS Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUlllJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
W W • i** 739 Market street.
' AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
• . THIS AND NEXT WEEK ONLY.
Every Evening Except Sunday. .
- MATINEE SATURDAY.
MODJESKA,
Supported by a Splendid Company.
TO-NIGHT - i ... . ... "MA>Y STUART"
Friday (only time), "CAMIL.LE."
Saturday Matinee, "AS YOU LIKE IT.
• Saturday Evening, "MACBETH." _
NEXT MONDAY — "ADRIENNE EE-
COUVRF 1 M
- Wednesday and Remainder of EVENT
—Gorgeous and Historically Correct Produc-
tion of Shakespeare's
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA."
Seats for Next Week NOW READY.
Sept. 26— "AX ENEMY TO THE KINO." .
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 4 MATINEE SATURDAY.
It's a Money Maker!
■ v ■■ A Hilarity Awaker!
Hoyt*s Ever Popular
Spectacular Farce, . '
A MILK WHITE FLAG.
This Year Greater Than Ever. . ■
NEXT MONDAY— A Dramatic Event. \
"NANCE O'NEIL" ' ?■■•:-■;''
• And the McKEE RANKIN COMPANY. ,
. Presenting the new version of Mosenthal's
Deborah. "THE JEWESS."
Seats now ready. ' " . •
f BESSIE BONEHILL, Character Artist.
HINES ; & REMINGTON In "The Road
Queen." MORRIS AND COMPANY In His
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY In His
Greatest Part, ■ "The Old Musician." " .
THE SEVEN TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS, I the
Whirlwinds of the Desert. ■ "
IRENE FRANKLIN, Singing Comedienne.
THE PASQUALIS AND' SIGNOR ABRAM-
OFF : in the Prison Scene fEom\"Faust."
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
New Act. "Cupid in th« Park."
CHARLES BARON and His Lion Imitators.
THE BIOGRAPH. Wonderful New Views. .
Reserved ' seats, ;■ 25c; balcony, 10c; , opera
chairs and box seats, 50c- ', c
►- Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK— THE GREAT PAOLIS and
other big stars. "•"."■■, : ■■'■.■" .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT, Also ; Sunday Evening, SPECIAL
: . ; Saturday Matinee, .
"Lfl TRAVinTfI."
To-morrow and Saturday Evenings,
- "CARyVIEN.!'
■-,: NEXT WEEK— Monday, Thursday, Saturday
and Sunday - Evenings, First : Times in This
City. Goldmark's Biblical-Work, "THE QUEEN
'OF ; SHEBA." Tuesday, Wednesday, ,< Friday
Evenings, Special Saturday Matinee, "MAR-
THA." Popular Prices— and 50c. N. B.—
Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c. N. B.— Our
Telephone, Bush . 9. • ■ .
AT AY A D Seats by phone>
r\.\-^\tJt\.LMt\Y\ MAIN 254.
5 . ■y- :■■■■■■ A HOWLING SUCCESS. r
EVERY NIGHT. MATINEE SATURDAY. -
At 8:15, Charles S. Fa wcett's Laughable Farce,
: . ■ •: ■■--. Entitled -iVr.-, .
"A tragedy:'
: 'At 9:45, Powers' 'Chinese Play,
"THE FIRST BORN ;!£■:
' Next ' Roland Reed's i LEND ME YOUR
WIFE. - * -•■.■-,■,'/■.; ;•■:"::. :'-:.--;: '-:.--; ' ■
COMEDY THEATER.
1 . ■ 7' -;. FAREWELL WEEK. :
PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY
,>-. •„;:.?; • _m— . - .■. ■ " ■•■ ;
"THE LEADING MAN."
:-. Matinee Saturday. "'Prices— Evening. 15c, 25c,
35c, 60c and 75c; Matinee. 25c, : 35c and 50c. Next
Monday— HAßßY CORSON CLARKE in "What
Happened .to Jones.',', --.-.. ' ./. ■ ■ ■ : . -
CHUTES AND ZOO.
/ EVERY, 'AFTERNOON V AND 'i EVENING. :
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
- ORO, CLIFFORD - and ORO ; * EMIL < CHE V- 4
RIAL ; < COTTON • and , MOLL; - MAE TUNISON
nnd EUSTAPIA. >■■■.. •*-•.•; .■■■- . ■ - *,■-■«,:•,>••?.<
, Last Week ; of . the ■ '-'American ■■ ANNA HELD I" ';
:;; SEE THE BIG BULL FIGHT! • '
Rare > ANIMALS ( and i REPTILES =in * the ZOO '■
■ - 10c, ; Including Zoo and .Theater; ■ Children, 1 sc.
AT VUPI k Eddy, cor. Mason— GREAT NEW :
UL IHiriA BILL :OF STAR ARTISTS. CON-
LIN & ■ RIDER, Comedy Acrobats; I MARTIN'S
WONDERFUL I DOGS ■ MADELINE ; ( TRIXE- !
DO; ROC .WELL, 1 and others. ;' Admission free.':
Matinee Sunday.
- IRON FOUNDERS. ■
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
g 234 Fremont St. Castings of ETery D«.
gcrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS. .
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Butter St..
m Ban Francisco. Telephone Mtln 917. •
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN. GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
■Goods for pale at all leading dry goods stores.
. MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE! COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000. .
" : >i'; . BTZ & CO., Arwita,'
101 California *.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRVHIPn Mattress Co.. M> Mlaatom
ltlC DCKPinAKU ,t., t . Telephone Mala, lm.
PAPER DEALERS. ■ v. . . /; . .
Wll I AMFTTF PULP and paper ca. i
tTILLHITiLI IL 722 Montgomery Str—t.
• PIANOS. !
The Oldest Ttrm and tArreat fltoefe.
PIANO and MUSIC STORO,
KOHLER & CHASE,
.... , M and SO CFarwrtl St. '"
. A corps of expert toners and repairer*. .
• PRINTINO. ; : . :
E C HUGHES, m
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., .
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS. ..
General Auctioneers. ' 14 Montgomery St.
SEWING ' MACHINES.
"nntJCCTIP" P;e-eminently the nwehin* for
UUIYILOIIU family ut«. 1021 Martut ■*•«,
near Sixth. '■■~',iJ:i># . . ■
______ _
SOAP.
Gn l IJPY * ffl m California t- street.
• K. Lltl (I tU., room 87. Tel. Main MU.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. -
w gP ARTRIDGE !SS£%
THE ffICKS-JUDD C0., -SSggfrftft';,
• . . .- • . TARTAR WORKS. :.
f\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,)
*■*■ G. Do LATOUR.; Manitir.
Office SIS Front Street, San Franeiaoa. -
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Wclgbm.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses
General office. 210 California st. T«L Mala 1114,
WALLPAPER. . .
WHOLE? A.LE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
WATCHES. ETC. '
Tf TTVnV Headquarters for fin* Jewelry as*
• LI nil I » full 18-k. Wedding Ring*. 4 »d at.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
CARL' F. HAAS manufacturer of wood arti-
I cles of any description. Planing, turning, etc
I 417 Mission St., tel. M. 5927. ' -*c -
AMUSEMENTS. ■■";■'•■■•
JmttMfiiT
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
A Complete and Perfect Ensemble. .
MR. AND MRS. i SIDNEY DREW. •
"When Two Hearts Are Won."
DEL PUENTE, "Non c Vere," Grand Aria
/ Largo. -
Bee CORINNE as Troubadour. J
. THE THREE ROSSIS.
THE HARPERS. ,
JOHN BYRNE.
POWERS & HYDE.
EDITH, HALL as "GEISHA." !-
"A LAUGH GENERATOR,"
POWERS and HYDE
And 20 Colored Members in a Medley of Songs,
. . •' Dances and . • ; ' ,
GRAND CAKE WALK!
Popular- Prices— Reserved Seats, 25e and 50o;
Box Seats, 50c. Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Any Seat, 25c; Children, 10c. Telephone :8. 485.
Sept. 19.— marvelous. AUSTINS. FASSI,
McBRIDE i & DALLON. . ■
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
i Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manace*
Great Success of the Sterling Melodrama.
THELAKLMG
And the Charming Actress, • :
MISS GERTRUDE FOSTER.
Next Week— AST GUARD
: With tike Nonpareil Contralto Duo,
THE WATERMAN SISTERS,
Introducing Their Great Specialties.
Popular Prices ßeserved Seats. 25 and 50c;
Family Circle and Gallery, 10c. Matinees Sat-
urday and j Sunday. | Telephone Green 861 i |
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
.-■:: Open ■ Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10= - - -- ■ - CHILDREN 5o
' . Bathing, with admission. 26c: children. S0«.
Close one EYE and then the other
IF You CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WEIL BOTH Mtt|V
AND FAR CALL SEE US. * * . •
OPTICIANS photo^su^l,^ .
£, taTIPIC INSTRUMENTS'- w
~'\\ 642 MARKET ST; "j?
•■ UHDwCMROniCIt BUILOIKO^*. '
■ .' ' ■'•''. ■ ■.'" ■-•'-: ■ '■' ' '" ". '~^.i:di
oopoooooobo
l TK * PALACE "*"S
%GRAND hotels*
q :■:■■.- SAN -■ FRAHCISCO. v r *
** :■'._ Connected by a covered passageway. •■ " jj -
** 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. **
O: ■■ ■ All Under One Management. ',' \Z -0)
O ■' .' ROIK THE P&ICES: ,:, ' A
O European Plan. l.oo per day and upward A
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward *•
O "■" ■ • • Correspondence - Solicited, -i. ..'■■■■ - , Q
q JOHN C. KIHKPATBIOS, Maugar. q
QOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOO
• ;—; — ; —^—_ — ;—; —
MAKE PERFECT MEN
— Itfli- '" OO NOT DEBPAIK ! i Do not Bnf-
- «IS*toEiSL er Longer! The Jots and ambition* of
JB§»***l!iBl life can be renored to you. The rtrf
KtM JSnl worst cases of NerTOUs Debility i.r« .
aBO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not inf.
fer Longer! The jnys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The T«ry
worst cages of Nervous Debility ar*
absolutely cured by PERFECT©
*W« TABLETS. Give prompt relief tola-
" i 'Tfir!W sonu > . falling memory and the wast*
'• '■ tl^rSBW and drain of . vital powers, incurred by
• TiTx^^BP' Indiscretions or excesses of early year*.
'^ r ySUfv^.fi Impart rigor and potency to every func- I
tion. : Brace up tho system. Give 'jim±: bloom to th«
cheeks and lustre to the eye* of £^fT\ roun«- or old.
One .We l>ox renews vital energy-IP A»J6 boxes at
$2. 50 a complete guaranteed cure wTTWor money re-
" funded, m Can be carried in vest >«■•»' pocket. Sold
! erery where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of ;
price by Till PERFKtTO CO., Caxtra kldf., ChSM(«, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.*),
78
JUDGE MAGUIRE
OPENS HIS
CAMPAIGN
Silver Pops and Democrats in
Numbers Rally to Do Him
Honor.
He Scores De Young, Advocates Single Tax
and Casts Reflections on the Army
and Administration.
James G. Magutre, the Popullst-Sll
ver Republican -Democratic nominee
for Governor, opened his campaign last
evening at Metropolitan Temple.
. To assist him In making the occa
sion worthy of the cause his mana
gers assembled as many of the pinto
nominees on the State ticket as could
be gathered together. These were as
sembled on the platform, together with
a miscellaneous lot of Populists and
Democrats who are more or less known
to political fame.
When the meeting was called to order
the body of the hall and the gallery
were packed to suffocation by persons
of both sexes, whose presence was due
to their desire to welcome or witness
the welcome of the Democratic stand
ard-bearer. Five minutes after Judge
Maguire began to speak members of
the audience began to file out by twos
and threes and by the time he had con
cluded his address fully two-thirds of
the seats in the hall were vacant.
The greater portion of the time occu
pied by Judge Maguire's address was
devoted to a demonstration and de
fense of his acts as Congressman.
Each plank of the Democratic State
platform, which was taken up by him
In turn, was made the excuse for a
lengthy recitation* of his position on
various matters that came to the at
tention of Congress, as well as a de
tailed explanation of some of his acts
In connection therewith.
■ After having gone through the list
of planks in the platform and suffering
the loss of one-half his audience Ma
guire said that he wished to refer
briefly to the question of single tax.
He contended that single tax is not an
issue in this campaign, and then devot
ed half an hour to telling his auditors
why he believes the theory of single
tax to be the cure for all social and po
litical evils. Having left no doubt as to
his views on this subject, as well as his
desire to have every one else become
as ardent a single-tax advocate as him
self, he dropped the subject and pro
ceeded to pay his compliments to M.
H. de Young and the San Francisco
Chronicle. He declared that he had
been vilified by the newspaper and its
proprietor. He scored the would-be
United States Senator, greatly to the
delight of his auditors as well as to his
own apparent satisfaction.
In his opening remarks Judge Ma
guire made reference to the war Just
closed, and by lnsinuationattempted to
cast discredit on the administration,
and, inferentially, on the army and its
commanding officers. He declared that
"deplorable mistakes had been made in
the conduct of the war," and that these
mistakes were "due to negligence and
incompetence." He also said that
"we," meaning the Democratic party,
"are not in a position to place the
blame and we do not charge it against
any one in particular." With mock
resignation he asserted that the Demo
crats were "willing to treat it as a
common sorrow." He referred to the
details of the military operations that
resulted in so much glory to the ' Amer
ican forces in Cuba as "dark and inex
cusable chapters of incompetency."
The meeting was called to order by
Seth Mann, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee. He ad
dressed the meeting at some length on
what he conceived to be the issues of
the campaign and closed by declaring
that the Democrats have the Republi
cans "on the run now and we propose
to keep them in that condition." He
then introduced Mayor Phelan as the
chairman of the evening.
The Mayor was well received and
showed his appreciation by speaking
for almost an hour. of the things the
Democrats proposed to do and telling
why they propose to do them. He eu
logized Judge Maguire and in his de
fense of that gentleman declared that
Maguire's utterances in the past had
nothing to do with the issues of the
present campaign. He said that if San
Francisco can give Maguire even as
large a majority as it gave Governor
Budd he will be elected. At the close
of his remarks he introduced Senator
Stephen M. White.
Senator White prefaced his remarks
by declaring that it was not his inten
tion to make a speech, but he forgot
his promise. He asserted that the Re
publican ticket is the ticket of the
Southern Pacific Company, threshed
over the old wheat of the San Pedro
and Santa Monica affair, referred to the
stand taken by the Los Angeles Times,
eulogized Maguire and solemnly de
clared that while Henry T. Gage was
an estimable gentleman and his per
sonal friend he (Gage) has no experi
ence in statecraft. He closed by assert
ing that single tax is not the issue of
the campaign.
Mayor Phelan then did the honors of
the evening by introducing to the audi
ence James H. Barry, Democratic nom
inee for Congress in the Fourth Dis
trict; Edward L. Hutchinson, Populist
nominee for Democratic Lieutenant
Governor; H. P. Andrews, nominee for
Attorney General; W. S. Green, nomi
nee for Treasurer; "William M. Hinton,
nominee for Railroad Commissioner,
Second District, and Henry A. McCra
ney, Silver Republican nominee for
Democratic Clerk of the Supreme
Court. After each of these gentlemen
had made his bow Maguire took the
platform and the exodus began.
MAGUIRE'S ADDRESS.
Mr. Chairman and fellow Democrats,
ladles and gentlemen: To say that I am
pleased with the splendid gathering of
my fellow citizens to aid in the opening
of the campaign, and the inspiring enthu
siasm which you have manifested, would
be but to feebly express the feeling which
it brings to me.
We are entering upon a campaign
fraught with much importance to the in
terests of the people, under auspices that
give us the brightest hopes or victory
We come to this campaign asking for a
continuance of power in the hands of
those who have been put forward as the
representatives of the three great reform
parties in California to-day, with splen
did records of State and municipal ad
ministration behind them; with a State
administration which has fairly and hon
orably redeemed its every pledge to the
people; with a municipal administration
under the leadership of our distinguished
chairman to-night, which has more than
verified, more than realized, all the hopes
of the people who with high expectations
placed him in t^" honorable office which
he now nils. We come into this contest
with a fair and honorable and satisfac
tory union of the Democratic, People's
and Silver Republican parties for Urn
great purposes a\<J principles for which
you stand. We were placed before the
people by untrammeled conventions, rep
resenting and speaking the sentiments of
the common peopie of the State on the
occasion of the meeting of each State
convention.
The speaker then nrmed in succession
the nominees on the ticket, saying a com
plimentary word for each.
"On the other side," he said, "we have a
ticket that certainly was not happy in its
presentation to the people of California,
of which I took occasion to say what
Senator White haa more emphatically
said to-night, that it was nominated by
a convention dominated wholly by South
ern Pacific Railroad Influences. Its dom
ination by railroad influences was a mat*
ter of common repute from all sections
of the State from which delegates went
to attend the convention.
"Its platform is a railroad platform,
giving all that the Southern Pacific Com
pany could have demanded had the con
vention turned the writing of the plat
form over to the company. It was turned
over to some of the company's represent
atives very largely, and is very largely
the product of their hands and m_nds.
Every known railroad candidate tnat was
supported in advance of the nomination
by the Southern Pacific Company was
duly nominated by the convention. Be
fore the convention named a man for any
office on the Republican State ticket th»
San Francisco Call procured from some
source the entire ticket that was to be
nominated and published it, from Gover
ned down to the last candidate on the
ticket, exactly as the convention after
ward nominated it."
The speaker then took up what he
termed the issues of the campaign, dis
cussing them in great detail, speaking
successively of each plank and section
of the platform.
Speaking of the plank in the platform
referring to the war he said: The plat
form commends and glorifli-s the noble
services of our soldiers and sailors in the
war. They have added luster to our
country's fame and glorified her flag fend
made it respected throughout the world.
And to them all honor. In the admin
istration of the affairs of the war certain
deplorable mistakes were made, mistakes
resulting from incompetency somewhere,
from negligence somewhere, from negli
gence and incompetency that can have
had no good excuse, let we are not in
a position to place the blame, and we do
not charge it upon anybody in particu
lar. The failure to supply our soldiers
properly with food and clothing and med
ical attendance and proper care is a
scandal that must and will be investi
gated and the responsibility placed where
it belongs. But until that is done, until
after due Investigation, we may say or
know who was responsible and compel
him, or them, to answer for that respon
sibility, we are willing to treat that scan
dal as a common sorrow of the American
people and pass it thus in silence — no, not
in silence; out of even that dark and in
excusable chapter, written by this- 'ncom
petency, written by this neglect t fur
nish needed supplies and care to i -r sol
diers, there has come even fro n that
dark and unpromising source a glory to
our nation that will live in history with
the brightest memories of the war itself.
Out of all that dark and humiliating scan
dal has come the glory won by the vol
unteers of the Red Cros=s Society. (Ap
plause.)
Into every breach left open, by official
negligence, to every suffering soldier, suf
fering not because Congress had failed to
provide money for ail his necessities—be
cause Congress provided ample means
and infinitely more — to the bedside of
every suffering and neglected soldier, to
every camp where privation resulting
from lack of sufficient clothing, lack of
sufficient or proper food, lack of medicine,
lack of medical attendance, lack of nurs
ing, went the glorious women of the Red
Cross Society and of other religious and
benevolent orders devoted to that noble
work. Their history must be written in
connection with the brightest work of the
Deweys and the Schleys and the leaders
on land and sea of ail the military and
naval forces.
I know of no Incident of the war more
touching, more glorious, than was the
case of Annie Wheeler's trip to Santiago.
Annie Wheeler, daughter or General Joe
Wheeler, lived in Washington during the
whole period of my residence there as
your representative. I knew her as a
gentle, genial and popular society lady,
who would be expected to shrink from
the hardships of the camp and the hor
rors of the nospltal, yet at her country's
call she volunteered and went imme
diately to the shore of Florida, eager to
go on the scenes of war and strife, and
she went- bearing the love and pity of our
great nation's heart down to the hospitals
of the fever-haunted shores of Southern
Cuba, bearing those blessings and
tributes even to the smoking hell
of battle in which her gallant
father led tbe fighting and in
which her brave brother followed the
flag. [Applause.] What she did every
sister of the Red Cross Society stood pre
pared to do. What she did many others
who went forth but whose names are not
yet recorded upon the scroll of fame did
and did bravely. Honor to them! And
out of the darkness of the darkest chap
ter of the war's history comes the glory
of the record made by those noble and
self-sacrificing American women. [Ap
plause.]
The speaker here took up the plat
form and Bpoke at length on each part.
Judge Maguire took up the subject of
the Democratic State, platform and dis
cussed Its various planks at length. He
also made lengthy reference to his rec
ord In Congress on legislation affecting
the interests of this State.
The platform declares for an amend
ment, No. 10, now pending to the con
stitution of California, giving the people
of the counties in the State the right to
a voice in determining by what rules
and in what manner their county govern
ment shall be administered. It declares
in favor of the principle of direct legis
lation, In favor of its immediate appli
cation to the municipal affairs. Much
denunciation has been heaped by the op
position press and by opposition speakers
upon this plank In the platform— direct
legislation, the control of their laws by
the people; that is what it means.
It does not mean, as they contend, that
all laws shall necessarily be adopted by
that method. The Democratic system of
government involves It in its very essence
the Republican system Is a government by
agency, by agents selected by the people.
Ine Republican system which has been
acquiesced in in this country from the be
ginning has given to such agents absolute
power, power not to be controlled by the
people through their terms of office. That
has been found to work badly. It has
been found that combinations of people
interested in special privileges have inter
fered in elections, have sought by corrupt
combinations and Influences to control
elections, and have succeeded in doing so
that they have bribed legislative repre
sentatives in State, county and municipal
government, particularly in municipal
government, in the great scramble and
struggle for the riches that come to spec
ial privilege under the favors of municipal
legislatures.
Now, if special privileges are to be- con
tinued at all and popular government is
to be continued you must in some way
make correction effective; you must re
store to the people and retake to the peo
ple a power that they never should have
abandoned; the power that whenever a
flagrant violation of their rights is com
mitted corruptly by their representatives
in any legislative body, great or small
pie can bring about a review of that ac
a reasonable percentage of the peo
tion by calling for a vote of the people
upon it. That is the meaning and pur
pose of that provision. The referendum
is the reference of constitutional amend
ments to the people for consideration and
action. I cay Jt has not worked badly.
THE SA^ FBAIN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
I say that If the people should abandon
their right to pass upon constitutional
amendments it would be a death blow to
their liberties, to their most sacred
rights; that it would be the almost im
mediate destruction of all that is «reat
and gloriouß in^ their free institutions.
That the people must abandon their
rights in order to secure good laws for
themselves is a fallacy that finds support
only among advocates of special privi
leges. The needs of the people to-day is
not that they shall get power out of their
hands, but that they shall get power back
Into their hands. (Applause.) Not one law
in a hundred would ever be submitted
to the people for their action under the
O'M ALLEY'S REPORT
OF THE MAGUIRE
RATIFICATION.
• The Judge was foine.
Tom Gallagher was there.
' There was a crowd in it
, Jim Gallagher was there
I And Bob Ferral; /'
i
Mrs. Ferral was a Gallagher.
■ Jim Barry asked if the
people need a fririd?
If so, says he, "I'm here."
Thin Barney Dougherty said
"Is borryd money your own."
An' Steve Maybell called
the crowd to judgment
Mike Gallagher was there.
"Fut is the remedy," says
' Sam Braunhart, says he,
An' Jim Barry thought
; It 'ud be hangin' Cleveland.
i An' Stradley said ho
' was humiliated,
Because he stood in *;
clothes
Paid for out of a salary
Given him by Cleveland.
"The meat on my bones,"
says he, • '
"Was made of victuals
Ate in office under
Cleveland," says he.
"Me flesh is corrupt,
But my spirit wud pull
a rope to hang Grover,"
says Stradley. ' '
An' Jo • Duwyer said <';
to Dinis Kearney,
"I kern near corruptin'
me flesh i
it) 1
1 That way, mesilL"
An' Jim Barry sighed, l-?
, An' turned toward the Meat
' And Dennis Gallagher
was there.
' Thin Maguire spoke,
And he said if
' he'd been dead *V
• ■ Huntington would catch
1 'em all goin' home that night
; An' McNab fainted.
The Judge said "Maybe
I'm an acquired taste,
] But I'm a public necessity,*
\ He said.
j They hit the flure. .
; Frank Gallagher was there,
■i Thin says the Judge
I "Me and Hinton's the
Only honest mm in
The party," he says.
■•' , An' Hinton snored and
woke himself
And applauded. v
Jim Denman was mad.
; The band played
Foine,
An' Jim Phelan '
Said if the city needs ,
As fine a Mayor as
ever whinnied, says he,
"I can put me hand on the man."
Thin the meeting broke,
For,
It's a dhry year.
principle of direct legislation. No; nine-,
ty-nlne out of every hundred laws, when
the legislative representatives knew that
the people could override their action,
would be all right But there would be a
tremendous popular advantage In hav
ing the right and the means of overrid
ing the hundredth bad measure by an
appeal to the people directly. Some gen
tleman called this method undemocratic.
I would like to know In what school
of Democracy that man was educated or
trained who says that any proposition to
lodge greater power In the people 1b un
democratic He wa« not trained In my
school of Democracy, and I repudiate his
Democracy.
Now, my friends, I have gone substan
tially through the platform. I Intended
to say a few words on two other ques
tions, and I shall do so very briefly. In
order to escape all of the propositions
contained in the Democratic platform, in
order to avoid their discussion. In order
to shelter the special privileges against
which those propositions are aimed, they
cry out that the Democratic candidate for
Governor believes In the single tax. (Ap
plause.) And that, therefore, the State
would be likely to become a single tax
State right away if he should be elected.
They flatter me overmuch in that sug
festion. They are attempting to fill your
tate with terror as to the tremendous
power that I would wield as Governor of
the State. They are told that the con-
I stitution of California, as it stands at
| present, prevents the adoption of the sin
gle tax. Oh, but they say, with a man
like the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor a change in the constitution would
be a very simple matter to secure; that
if he should be elected Governor some
how he would at once convince a major
ity of the people of California that they
ought immediately to adopt the single
tax. I wish I could feel that I would
have that influence over the people of
California, (Renewed applause.)
Now let me tell you, my friends, why
It is that the single tax is not and can
not be an issue in the present campaign.
First, because it cannot be adopted until
the people adopt a constitutional amend
ment; and when the people are ready
to adopt such a constitutional amend
ment the man who says that they should
be prevented from doing it is hot an
American. (Applause.) Not only is he
not a Democrat but he is not aa Ameri
can. The people of this State have a right
to adopt such constitutional amendments
as a majority of the people may desire to
adopt. But no such change in our sys
tem of taxation can be made until the
people do adopt a constitutional amend
ment providing for or authorizing it.
But they forget another obstacle that
I would run up against in trying to sub
mit such a constitutional amendment to
the people. I do not want to discredit
my own power as they have conceded it
to me.- It rather flatters me to think
that they are so much afraid of me, but
I must out of deference to the truth
state what the situation is. I would en
counter the obstruction that would re
sult from the fact that my own party
has not declared in favor of the propo
sition.
So that you see the danger— the bogie
man— that the gentlemen ot the platform
committee of the Republican State Con
vention present to the people has very
little substantial existence, and that the
reason why single tax men are not press
ing for such an amendment to the con
stitution or to make their proposition an
issue in the campaign is that in the pres
ent state of education on the subject it
would be a waste of effort to do any
| thing of the kind. Do the Republicans
really believe that the single tax would
be likely to be adopted if I were elected?
Do they really fear that? Or are they
doing as they did in the Tilden campaign,
when they went over the country with
their hands raised in holy horror and their
faces draton in imitation of piety and
patriotism, declaring that if Tilden were
elected the Confederate debt would be as
sumed by the Federal Government, and
they actually secured the electoral votes
of some of the States upon that ridiculous
assurance. Are they doing as they did
in the last campaign, trying to frighten
and bully people Into supporting the
ticket by presenting fictitious issues and
I claiming that the horrors of flnajicial ruin
and various evils would fall upon tne
i poorer classes of the country if they
should support their own interests and
not support the monopoly interests rep
resented by that party? They can fool
the people that way sometimes, but they
can't fool them that way twice, or in two
successive elections.
The Republican Convention did not
know what the single tax was, and most
of those who adopted that platform don't
know yet. They say that it is socialistic
I and anarchistic. Now. it cannot be both.
| Anarchy is the abolition of government.
Socialism is the concentration ot all
power in the Government, of all indus
tries, of all enterprises In the Govern
ment. (Applause.) The one is the oppo
site of the other. Yet they declare in
their platform solemnly that the single
tax is both. Both! They didn't know
what it was at all. They thought it was
something nasty, but they did not know
what it was. The San Francisco Chron
icle comes to their relief in the matter
and attempts to save them from public
ridicule. It says that it is true that in
the Republican platform a grave mistake
was made in this matter; that the single
tax Is not socialistic, is not anarchistic;
that it could not be both. But It says that
the Republican platform didn't mean that
it was. They just put in those two words
| because they were words; just words.
(Laughter.) And they seem to have
made up their platform pretty generally
in the same way. They liked certain
I words and put them In in connection with
what they proposed to do, and they dis
liked other words, and they put them in
in condemnation of their opponents. "Why,
in their declaration on the money ques
tion they declare for the gold standard,
and then they declare for an interna
tional monetary agreement. Now what
is an international monetary agreement?
Why it is an agreement about money,
they say. But what kind of an agree
ment about money? What is it to be for?
Not for bimetallism. They have dropped
that out. They were abandoning the bi
metallic theory in sections; they were i
withdrawing from it; they were clipping
off the tail of the animal by inches so as j
not to cause the animal too much pain;
clipped it off an inch at a time, and so
they retained the old International bi
metallic agreement plank in their plat
form and clipped off the words "for bi
metallism"; they clipped off those two
words and left the thing absolutely
without meaning— Just words.
Now, my friends, although the single
tax is not and cannot be an issue in this
campaign, for the Republican party by
declaring negatively against a principle !
cannot commit the other party to the I
principle— it can only act for itseH; yet I |
am not willing that my personal opinions !
on the question of taxation should be
misrepresented In this campaign for the
purpose of creating prejudice. They say
that the single tax is intended to shift the
burden of taxation from the wealthy peo
ple to the farmers. Their sympathy for
the farmers may be questioned, but I
shall not stop to question it now. I
shall attribute the statement to Ignor
ance. Let us see about that. The farm
ers of this State now pay more than 50
per cant of the taxes for the support of
the State in their direct taxes upon their
homes and personal property, and indi
rectly upon the commodities on which the
taxes paid by merchants and others are
passed to them. If the farmers could have
their share of the State taxes reduced to
25 per cent of the whole they would be
doing well. Let us see how they would
fare under the single tax system. Land
values are now assessed separately from •
■ i \ . ADVERTISEMENTS. IZ.*?-?^'
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®'®® .
I THE DAILY CURE ! 1
® -k,,: ■+ ;.' ;: -A •■■■ _. ' : ®
k. V32K <?\ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT |>
® UHJ AGAIN PROVES ITS GREAT |/
| '^i!vS^- : VX ; CURATIV OWER - * I
® jjy^V s^*\^*-*l l\ "It made a new man of me." ®
®'f$T t %y «^iW That is what they say< ' (|t I
IWi i "%^^2i cured me after ' had spent ®
®¥ V t f '\.^/^HPr hundreds of doilars doctorm g ;l ®
® I \ss\l \mH- /jS^^^ Such are the stories told by ®
i feK^^BE DR - SANDEN'S |
| VS^fp ELECTRIC BELT. 1
? COLMA.CaI.. Sept. 12, IS9S. ®
® DR. SANDEN-Dear Sir: I have worn your Belt faithfully^slnce August 16th. It ~
® has proved more . than satisfactory and has benefited me far more than I ever expected ©
X It would. The pain and stiffness has left my back, and my system and general health (a .
® is far better than it has been for years. The Belt ha« entirely cured me of lame back.
0 which I had been suffering with , for over three jrears. I have recommended your Belt ®
X and will continue to do so. for lam certain it is a great .remedy _tt Ith best wlshe. @
IS) for your success, I remain yours very truly, v M -
1 ARE YOU WEAK? •■ •; . | "•
<S> It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to. feel weak. IF ®
® YOU ARE WEAK DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT WILL |
% CURE YOU. It will make you strong,; it will steady your ®
nerves and check all waste of power, in thirty days. ; It is a |
® grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. Call and ®
-@ ; test this wonderful Belt. See what it has done ; for i others ; ® '
® 10,000 cures. ;? If you can't call, send for Dr. ? Sanden's famous ®
® . book. "Three Classes of Men," which is free. Call or write ®
to-day. Do not put it off. Address -|
© DR. A. X. SANDEN, , * ,-."- ■ — * ® l 1
® 702 Kirk.t Btre.t, C.rn.r Kitrny, Ban franeiiu. '■■; NOT IN DRUG STORES. : ®
®f ' Office hours, Ba. m. to '• Bp.m; ;■ Sundays.; 10 .■ ,• •' ••'■■• .~ — _ ''\. ~'*.^ ;'.- ®
«>.; to Vi Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 232 West :P . .' Dr. Sanden B1B 1 Electric -.= Belt ffl
i® Second f street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington !• never sold In drug stores W
Si street; Denver. Colo., 981 Sixteenth street; • nor by traveling agents; only •, 0
Dallas. Tex.. 286 < Main street; ; Butt*. Mont.. • at our office. . .-■.„. •/ _
110 North Main street. ' ' ■1;^^:: •/• :;U- . ■;»'/ "'. ' ' .' ,-. '-':.- — " ".— — ♦ ® ■
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®.Js® ,
improvements in this State, and the to*
tal amount of the land values assessmentyj
for 1897 was, I believe, $654,000,000— the flg-t^
ures will be found in the reports of the }
State Controller. Of that amount of land
values assessed the city of San Francisco
alone contains nearly one-third. Seven,
cities of the State contain more than 65
per cent of all the land values in the
State. The other cities and towns cer
tainly contain another 20 per cent, making .
75 per cent.
Of the remaining 25 per cent, not half,
nor nearly half, is owned by occupying
farmers; more than half Is owned by spec
ulators, by others, domestic and alien,
who farm the farmers. (Applause.) Under
the single tax system the farmer would
gay not exceeding 12% per cent of the
tate taxes as against 50 per cent that h«
now bears. His proportion of the tax
would not be more than 10 per cent, be
cause his exemptions would amount to
vastly more than the increased tax upon
the land value, and to the farmer the sin- ■•
gle tax would be a beneficence (applause),
and it can be demonstrated from the'offi
cial records and tax rolls. I am not how
advocating the expediency of adopting the
single ta!x because I will not be drawn
aside from the Issues of the present cam
paign to discuss questions that are not
in Issue. But I do say that the statement
which I have just controverted is glar
ingly untrue.
Leading Republican organs are declaring
and have repeatedly declared that the sin
gle tax would drive capital from the
State Let us see about that. What is
capital? Capital is movable property ap
plied to the production of new wealth.
Now all such property would be exempt
from taxation under the singe tax system.
Would exemption from taxation drive
capital out of the State? Is there any
man who thinks so outside of the editorial
room of a railroad paper, or outside of
the platform committee of a Repub
lican railroad convention? It would
not drive capital out of the State. It
would bring capital into the State;
whether it is gooa or bad it would bring
capital into the State instead of driving
it out. Would it drive other forms of
movable wealth out? No, they would be
exempt, and they would flow into the
State upon the same principle.
Exemption from taxation never drives
wealth out of a State. But they say —
they don't say it, but they intimate it —
oh, It would drive the Jand out. Well, if
it would not drive the land out there i 3
nothing else that is useful to be driven
out. So the utter fallacy of that state
ment becomes perfectly apparent. Tho
trouble with all these people is that they
are ignorant of the subject -they are dis
cussing, utterly ignorant of It; bo ignor
ant that men who understand 4t dislike
the simple task of answering them.
But they say it is a measure for the
confiscation of land. Not at all. It is
not a proposition to confiscate land. The
confiscation of land would put an.- end to
the Bingle tax. Can the single tax ap
ply to land belonging to the State? Cer
tainly not. If it is to be taxed it must
be In private occupation, and It must be
in private occupation under a tenure that
will admit of taxation. If the single tax
Is to be continued the seggrepation of
land into private holdings, with exclusive
right of control of the private holdings
such as gives the basis and foundation
for taxation, must continue to exist. And
that is the purpose; that is the purpose.
But I will tell you what it would stop.
It womld stop two men like Miller & Lux
from holding 14,000,000 acres of the land of
these three or four Pacific Coast States
and Territories in comparative idleness
for speculative purposes, while barring
hundreds and thousands of American
families from the opportunity to make
homes upon the land. (Applause.)
It would distribute the burdens that
are now borne by the farmers and by the
manufacturers and by the merchants
and by the laborers upon their horn. 3
and business and industries over all theso
holdings, including the holdings of the
speculators, and it would Impose less
taxes upon the homestead owner, be he
farmer or the owner of an urban home,
than falls upon him now. . Have you
thought what a princely possession Mil
ler & Lux haye — one of them is dead, but
the firm goes on — have you thought what
a princely possession they are barring the
people of this country away from for
the mere purpose of speculation?—l4,ooo,
000 acres of land, 23,000 square miles of
land nearly; 23,000 square miles of land
extending around the earth at the equa
tor would form a belt around the earih,
or within a thousand miles of reaching
around the earth, a strip a mile wide.
Now, if the Single Tax were in Issue
in this campaign I would point you to
that kind of land monopoly on the one
hand, and to the degradation of the peo
ple excluded, from the land by this mo
nopoly as one of the things that the Sin
gle Tax Is intended to extirpate. But
the Single Tax is not an issue in the
campaign, and I shall therefore p.ass It. •
Now, there is one other thing to whith
I desire to refer a moment, and that is
personal. The San Francisco Chronicle
has been assailing me with vilifications
ever since the opening of the campaign.
Its editor, we are told, has assurances, 'aye,
long before the opening of the campaign,
that if the Republican legislative ticket
shall be elected he will become United
States Senator, and he is trying to earn
the place by vilifying his opponents.
Those of you who remember the Chronicle
of twenty years ago will recognize in, us
columns of to-day the old style of black
guardism from which no decent man was
exempt in those days. (Great applause.)
And no decent man will be exempt from
its blackguardism now if by blackguard
ing 'him Mr. de Young can get anything
that he wants. Whenever you see the
columns of that paper reeking with
blackguardism you- may know ihat Mr.
de Young is after something. (Great
laughter and applause.) He is after the
United States Senatorship now.
A voice — He •will never get it.
Well, I don't know about that. He will
fet it if the railroad ticket wins. Mr.
c Young has been obliged to state that
he is not a candidate for United States
Senator. It would defeat the possibility
of his being Senator if he did not deny
it. (Laughter and applause.) But those
of you who have studied Republican pol
itics as now managed by the Southern
Pacific Company will understand that Mr.
de Young's denial don't amount to much.
It is not necessary for a Republican to
be a candidate now. in order to get officefrom his party. In fact, a man would
be foolish in that party to be a candidate
for anything. What he wants to do, If
he wants a place, is to go down to the
yellow building on the corner of Mont
gomery and Market and make his ar
rangements and perform his part of the
bargain and he will get the job— when the
party succeeds.
IMd any of the fellows who were can
didates before the Republican State con
vention get nominations? No! The fel
lows that were not candidates got them.
They arranged for them down here. Mr.
de \oung wants something. You ask me
how 1 know?
(A voice, "He has got his lightning rod
He has got his mud volcano In action.
How do I know? 1 know just as the lit
tle girl knew that somebody was dead.
In a country town there was a poor un
dertaker. One day the little girl went
Into her house and she says, •'Mamma,
somebody is dead," and the' mother said,
"well, who is dead, my child?" "I don't
know, mamma." Then how do you know
that somebody is dead?" "Why. the un
dertaker's children are eating candy."
tL;iughter.)
It is not necessary for one to actually
Observe or to be witness to the contracts
by which Mr. de Young's political or
other ambitions are to be promoted to
know when he has some such movement
on foot, some such enterprise or some
Buch ambition to be gratified. It is only
necessary to see when he smiles and
starts his mud volcano. He never does
that for nothing.
Now I dislike In a campaign to be
drawn Into personal controversy.. I dis
like to feel obliged to answer black
guard newspapers when they print false
hoods concerning me. I prefer to discuss
the isHuos <if the campaign and to lea\'e
Buch creatures unnoticed. Mr. de Young,
however, is perhaps is entitled to the
credit of one thing, one admission: He is
a magnanimous man. He never attacks
or vilifies any man who Is inferior to
himself in point of moral character.
(Laughter and applause.) Why he never
does I need not g-uess. Certain It is it
has been thought proper not to do it. And
for that reason for very many years in
this community denunciation in the San
Francisco Chronicle was considered a
certificate that the character of the per
son denounced was better than that of
the man who denounced him.
For reasons which I need not explain
the certificate did not amount to much.
(.I-.iuphter. ) But there is some satisfac
tion in the knowledge that It was regard
ed .is such a certificate.
Tliu Chronicle has been publishing false
hood after falsehood concerning me for
weeks. It has had in its editorial col
umns and Its news day after day a false
statement concerning mv name. That
n't amount to much, but it is a false
hood. The thing that does amount to
something is that the editor of the Chron
icle knows it to be false; that the man
who writes editorials knows It to be
false; that the man who writes the mat
ter m the news columns knows it to be
false; and yet. that they publish It day
sr'iei day is true. And It Is tfuout as
truthful as anything else that they say.
For what purpose I need only surmise
they call me from day to day "James
Gallagher Ma-quire." (Great laughter.)
Now "Gallagher" Is a good name (Re
newed laughter), although they don't
seem to to regard It. They seem to think
that it implies something that they would
like to fasten upon me for some purpose
of injury to me. What their motive is
is quite Immaterial.
The fact is that with knowledge that
It is false they do from day to day pub
lish it as the truth. The editor has on his
desk before him as he writes and has had
copies of the Congressional Directory ex
tending back over the last Bix years in
which the name in full is given. He has
had at least my registration, if he could
not Jind the full name anywhere else,
Covering the period of over twenty years
in whli h he could find the full name at
uny time if he desired. But he desires
to publish falsehoods. (A voice — Conse
quently he Is a liar and. a coward.)
(.Laughter and applause.)
• • he proceeds to give from day to
day a list of the things that he says I
have done. He says that I was a member
of the sandlot party. That doesn't amount
to much. 1 have known, and I know to
day, many of the best men- in this
State who were leaders in that party
movement, men whose careers are hon
orable above the conception of the under
standing of the men who print those
Statements. The fact is that I never was
a member of the sandlot party, and I
state it rather to show the disposition of
the Chronicle to falsehood than for any
other reason. That in what waa known
as the tandlot year I was vice-chairman
ot tbe .Democratic municipal conven
tion ii .minuting a ticket that opposed the
sand]..: ticket; that in IW>O. after Mr.
ney had withdrawn from the so-
Bandlot party, it is true that some
..stic friends submitted my
B candidate for Judge to a con
n that was called, and was per
haps a remnant of that party organiza
tion.
9 not nominated by that convention
Uid when- the Chronicle came to state the
fa ts in support of its previous charge
that was the only fact that it could find
In support of it, and It made a page and a
half statement about it. The Chronicle
that 1 was a Republican office-holder
■;-TT. I would not consider it dis
creditable to have been such, if it were
true. It was not true. The circumstances
upon which they base that statement is
that in 1870-77 I was a law student in the
office of Cowdery & Preston; that Mr
Preston had charge of the street assess
ment business, then in the law required
to be carried on In the name of the city
and county. I received a salary of $75 a
!, the work being under the super
vision of the City and County Attorney's
ofh< c. Mr. Burnett, who was elected as
ft taxpayer, controlled the certificates and
the warrants and otherwise exercised a
supervision over that work. During those
years, or one of them at least. I was •sec
retary of the "ioung Men's Democratic
of San Francisco and supported the
Democratic ticket from Tilden down in
that campaign.
There is another falsehood. They say
that I supported a non-partisan ticket in
ISBB. That is also false. That I did be
come dissatisfied with the course of the
Democratic party in ISS7, and that I did
ao declare in terms that are at least clear
and plain, is qulto -true, and they may
make the most of the truth concerning it
1 say these things because I think that
falsehoods such as these ought to be at
least denied. I do not intend to have any
thing further to say of them during the
campaign. What they are printing against
me is fither false, absolutely false or la
misrepresentation equal to falsehood.
They purport to be extracts from state
ments made from time to time by me.
You will notice that when they try to be
overtruthful in these matters they put
Btars In to indicate that they have left
out parts of the statement; and when
they are not feeling so scrupulous they
leave the stars out and change the mean
ing and effect of the sentences. Let any
man living read the speeches, the docu
ments, the letters to which they refer,
and I stand by their meaning and effect.
I once 'heard of a man who charged that
the Bible taught atheism, and he copied
an extract from the Bible to prove that
it was bo. He quoted from the Bible the
words, "There Is no God." Now that was
In the Bible; it is there yet, I guess. It
was a perfectly true extract, perfectly
true quotation. Yet If you will go back
to tho Bible and read the context you will
find th.it it says, "The fool In his heart
hath said there is no God." That is the
port of perversion In which they are in
dulging.
Now. I say to them and all other libel
■f nio In this campaign, against their
assaults I place my word (applause);
fipninst their assaults I place the record
of my life in the public service; against
their assaults at this time I plare their
own reports mado from day to day as the
transactions occurred, when they were
not hired to assail me.
TWO DEATHS IN CAMP.
At the Division Hospital yesterday Prl
mte George j. Field, steward Hospital
Corps, died of typhoid fever, and Private
X. E. Mills, Company M, Fifty-first lowa
Regiment, died of pneumonia following
m«Mle*. Th<- hooka of the hospital for
yesterday show the number of soldiers
pick to be 494. Twelve were sent back to
their regimental hospitals, leaving 482.
Five/are in private residences, seven in
other hospitals, twenty-five in the Red
Cross Convalescent Home and 113 away
on furloughs. In the post nospttal Pri-
Jones and Metzger of Troop B
Fourth Cavalry, are seriously ill with
typhoid tev4r. Private Garner, Battery
E. Third Artillery, who recently injured
himself by falling over an embankment
is slowly sinking and camiot recover.
Senator Foraker writes about the
oontrol and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
Changes in Baseball Teams.
STOOKTON, Sept. 14.— Chief Borchera,
who has been pitching and winning for
the Stockton team, has signed with Wat-
Bonville and the Stocktons have secured
George Babbitt of the Tacoma club. Pace,
who nas received for Babbitt before, will
{remain behind the bat for Stockton.
BASEBALL IS
AGAIN A FAD
The Great Game Catch
ing On Rapidly.
ROOTING NOW VERY PROPER
COACHING SHOULD ALWAYS BE
INDULGED IN.
•
Becreation Park Is the Active Scene
of Real Baseball and Its At
tendant Peculiar
ities.
By Joe Corbett.
A decided improvement is noticeable
these days in the attendance at Recrea
tion Park. While I cannot say that the
park and its performances are in the zen
ith of their glory, still the improvement
both In the attendance and the article of
I ball being played is a fact. In conjunc-
I tion with this much-sought improvement,
comes the reality that the game is slowly,
yet surely, catching on with a vengeance;
and It would not surprise many If the
grand old days, when the Halght Street
Park nourished, would soon be repeated
at Recreation grounds.
Many things indicate such a possibility,
and among them Is the very material
point that, while the crowds improve, the
enthusiam becomes intense. When a
collection of baseball patrons stand up
and howl for this thing and that thing;
when they become so Interested as to
hoot, hiss and humiliate a player, simply
because he drops his bat when an umpire
calls a poor strike; these little occurrences
carry much more weight than the simple
■ assurance of some bombastic promoter.
I am of the opinion that the games at
Recreation Park are attracting the atten
tion of many, among them those who
said, when the contests were transferred
from Central Park to their present loca
tion, that they would never go so far to
see a game. Still, I have Been a large
number of those who so rashly committed
themselves perched in grand-stand seats,
and I never heard such rooting and en
thusiasm flnce the Baltlmores lost the
pennant as I did on Saturday and Sunday
at Recreation Park.
When spectators at a ball game for
get that they are human and howl them
selves into a frenzy, it is high time to ac
quaint ones self with the news that base
ball is itself once again on the coast.
This, surely, is a Tact. As I mentioned,
it is not impossible to discover an empty
seat during the time set aside for games,
but they are scarce when compared with
the nakedness of some portions of the
stands and bleachers as seen without the
assistance of opera glasses but a month
ago.
At this same period I have sat through
a game, and owing to the lack of Inter
est and enthusiasm on the part of both
Slayers and fanatics my task seemed, me
ed, a tedious one.
There Is no enjoyment to be derived
from a game of baseball when those who
patronize it, together with those who par
ticipate in the contest, entertain that
wearied feeling of "don't care a snap who
wins." It was this style a month or so ago.
There was no howling for a team to win;
no humiliating a player who dare Imagine
himself having any right In the field.
There was. In fact- nothing outside of the
game itself that had the appearance of
baseball.
Go to Recreation Park on a Saturday or
Sunday now, however. Why. they simply
stand up and shriek! Sitting down when
a play is close is out of the question en
tirely. Even the players have done away
with that indifferent spirit. You can see
them now out on the coaching line tolling
their troubles to any one foolish enough
to listen; and if the opposition turns a
deaf ear to this compliment It Is not un
usual or even out of place for them to go
through antics in moat cases not becom
ing, but interesting.
Another thing that convinces me of the
hold our gTeat national game is securing
on the populace of this city is the manner
in which Mr. Donovan was treated last
Sunday In the game between the Athletics
and Oaklands. Mr. Donovan, it seems,
went to bat, and before he unbosomed
himself of the pleasing reveries he was in
dulging in, and which, I have no doubt,
pertained to the base hit he -s accustomed
to getting, two strikes were called on
him by Umpire Smith. After hearing the
second strike called the chances of secur
ing a base hit and thereby receiving the
applause attending such a feat became
rather slim, and in consequence Mr. Dono
van dropped his bat, his visage bearing
that disgusted look so common with an
earnest player, and for his pains Umpire
Smith reprimanded him. A second later
the spectators expressed their displeasure
at his action/and they did so In a manner
not to be forgotten. Hisses, hoots and
groans such as are hurled at the villain
during a melodrama at Morosco's per
meated the atmosphere, and Donovan was
but thirty feet away. This outburst real
ly startled me, and It was this display on
the part of those patrons present that
suggested the Idea that the game was
being appreciated at last.
And so It is. The games are full of life
and are being played acceptably. The
contests on Saturday and Sunday, while
not perfect, contained the right spirit. This
in itself pleases the public, for I have said
on a former occasion that baseball
patrons delight in seeing a game where
both sides manifest an interest In the re
sult. This seems to have been the pro
gramme of late, if the games of Saturday
and Sunday are any criterion, and I have
reason to believe that they are. I have
been told by many who a month ago were
dissatisfied that the games of the past
month have been Superior in every par
ticular to those of £ays past.
The poor showing of the Athletics on
Saturday and Sunday in a measure dis
credits these reports of a great change,
but, as I said before, while these two
(smes were not perfect there were, nev
ertheless, dash ; and lively action visible
during the contests. This alone is an
improvement quite worthy of commenda
tion. ,
When the players get out on the lines
and coach the people themselves will fol
low with their harangues in the stands,
and in consequence a general Interest in
the outcome of the game is engendered.
Let that dashing, out-to-win spirit pre
vail during all the games from now to
the end. Without it a contest is dead —
devoid of life and excitement — and neces
sarily displeasing to all who patronize
the games with the Intention of spending
a few happy moments.
Continue to coach and be spirited at all
times. The game has caught on to a
great extent, and it would be poor policy
nnt to keep up the good work. Coach,
coach. The people like It.
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS.
Adolf Weisenburg and Hans Czjzek
Arrive From Vienna.
Adolf Weisenburg and Hans Czjrek,
two distinguished Austrlans, arrived in
this city late Tuesday night and are now
at the Palace. Weisenburg is an Impe
rial consul and a director of the Aus
trian Hungarian Bank, and Czjzek is
president of the Export Association of Vi
enna. They have been visiting the largo
cities of the United States, with a view
to studying the Industrial and commer
cial systems of the country.
They will spend but a short time in this
city, leaving on the next steamer for
China. The conditions of trade in the
Orient will receive the same attention by
the Austriane, who will prepare elabor
ate reports for their Government upon
their return to Vienna-
A Benefit Entertainment.
This evening a musical and literary en
tertainment of rare merit will take place
at the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
streets, for the benefit of the young men's
improvement fund. The proceeds derived
win be expended in making improvements
in the physical department of the build
ing Miss Opal le Baron McGauhey, a
graduate of Martin College of Oratory
and the Ralston School of Physical Cul
ture, will read for the first time in this
city. Her selections will be Interspersed
by' several vocal and Instrumental num-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
HE ACCUSES
WILKINSON
OF COWARDICE
Kennedy Causes a
Sensation.
HIS LIFE WAS THREATENED
EXCITING TIMES IN THE PO
LICE COMMISSION.
Was Told That if He Took the Stand
Against His Companion
He Would Se
Killed. .
A sensation was created at the meet-
Ing of th<* Police Commissioners last
night when Officer Kennedy took the
stand and testified that Patrolman Wil
kinson had threatened to kill him
if he gave evidence against the men
who deserted Lieutenant Burke when he
was Bhot and killed by Theodore Park
Haynes.
Kennedy is one of the policemen who
is accused of cowardice in allowing
Burke to be shot down In cold blood. He
testified that he and Wilkinson were in
formed that there was trouble at Haynes'
cabin. They went to the place and were
met by the murderous tinker. He was
armed with two revolvers, one of which
he held in his right hand. As Kennedy
approached him Haynes pointed a re
volver and ordered him away un
der penalty of being made a subject for
the Coroner. Kennedy drew his revolver,
but not wanting to shoot Haynes ho re
treated several paces.
"Could you have shot him?" Inquired
Chief Lees, evidently for the purpose of
testing the marksmanship of the officer.
"I could have riddled him with bullets,"
replied the witness, "but I was not anx
ious to have his blood on my hands. I
retreated along with the other officers.
Burke then appeared on the scene and
was shot down by the infuriated tinker."
Seeing his superior officer fall Kenne
dy emptied his revolver at Haynes, and
went for more ammunition. Meeting a
man named Waters, who had a revolver
in his hand, Kennedy recognized it as be
longing to Wilkinson, and taking it from
him continued firing at Haynes.
At this Juncture Wilkinson, who was
pale and trembling, begged ttee witness
to empty it, as he feared that somebody
might examine it.
"For God's sake, fire it off!" he ex
claimed. "Captain Gillen might come
along and finding a loaded cartridge in
the gun might accuse me of cowardice."
"During the examination In the Police
Court," continued the witness, "Wilkin
son accosted me while I was standing In
the corridor of the City Hall, and in a
threatening manner said he would kill
anybody who testified against him.
"The following day we met in the
stables where we keep our horses, and,
taking out his revolver, proceeded to wipe
the dust off It with a handkerchief.
" 'I am determined to kill the man who
testifies against me," he remarked, tak
ing 1 a firm hold on his revolver and bran
dishing it in the air.
Kennedy assured him that he would
tell the truth before the Commissioners,
no matter what it cost.
"Then look out for yourself," threaten
ingly remarked Wilkinson. "The man
who takes the bread and butter out of the
mouths of my wife and children must
die."
."I paid no attention to his threats,"
continued the witness, "until several of
my friends told me that he would shoot
me if I told the truth before the Com
missioners. At the Ocean View station
some time ago he told a fellow-officer
that if I took the stand against him he
would kill me. Evidently for the purpose
of creating trouble between myself and
Captain Gillen, Wilkinson a short time
ago informed him that I had referred to
him as a ■ I did not use the
language attributed to me, and so con
vinced Captain Gillen. I was told that
Wilkinson, Marlowe and Merchant were
holding secret meetings for the purpose
of agreeing on the testimony they were
to give, and incidentally to give me the
worst of it.
"They vainly endeavored to have me
attend their meetings, but as I was deter
mined to tell the truth, no matter what
it cost, they frequently referred to me as
a coward and a cur. I admit that I ran
away after my ammunition was ex
hausted. So did the others. Wilkinson,
after the first shot was fired, excitedly
exclaimed:
" 'Oh, my God; we will all be killed.' "
Kennedy further said that he had vis
ited the Seventeenth street station with
the Intention of resigning a short time
after the shooting, as he believed that the
other officers were bent on combining
against him in the hope of forcing him
out of the department in order that he
might not testify against them.
Kennedy told his story in a straightfor
ward manner, and it was listened to with
rapt attention by the Commissioners.
There were several other witnesses, but
their testimony was similar to that given
in the Police Court.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Death of Joseph Holladay.
PORTLAND, Sept. 14.— Joseph Hol
laday, a large property-owner and
brother of the late Ben Holladay of
Pony Express fame, died to-day, aged
77.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . -.. 7 ~~'^>™«!SP»'
■■ ■ ' , ' ._:.. . ..•■■■; ■ ■ ■■_-.■ ■■ ' ■■ - ■•• ;• * ,'.•-■-... i '
Put the Money in Bank.
DR. MEYERS & CO. MAKE A FAIR OFFER TO AFFLICTED MEN.
J*< . "We have such confidence In our methods and remedies for restoring partial or vh
y^ complete loss of vital power, and curing all contracted ailments of men that we are. *•*
Q. willing to have the price for a cure deposited In any bank, or with any reputable bust- ■ ££
•£< ness man In San Francisco, when treatment Is commenced. .If.' a satisfactory cure Is VZ
CD not made In a given time the amount to be : returned ■to the patient. • If the patient: )5
Q admits that he is . cured the. money is to be paid to us. We take all the chances, ' v*
w run all the risks.. - - ■;.,.. . • W
w '-' No other reputable physicians- have ever made' such an offer to the afflicted, and in
££ we could ■ not afford to, do so If. we were not. convinced, after ■ seventeen years ex- ■
perlence, that we have the ability, to make positive, quick and permanent cures. Ncr- 8
)3 vous • Debility and ' Its attending horrors, ■ dangers ; and embarrassments. ; Contagious w
w Blood Poison" and ' other contracted aliments are Included in this offer. •■ .;•■.;£<
**ix-; ■' •-■:•'■"■; !.-.\! .-.\ ''■ - •■• •■ ■■ -: ; ;-. r - ;r :•■'.■■•/: • :-': -' "*■■■' v- : . . 8
# If you want a new lease of lift, we can give it to you. If you want to sleep w
vk sound and to feel active, strona, full of vim, vigor and ambition, test our incompar- "
' able methods and remedies. The experiment will cost you nothing unless we do all 8
" that we claim to. J , • *' • • &
5" mmmmmmmm ~~ m^ m \ Correspondence and Other Dealing^ With l'™™™™™ I ™" 11 ™ > ~™n 8
£ ESTABLISHED Patients Sacredly Confidential. v THOUSANDS OF »
« DANGEROUS MrSs^" IMPORTANT NO-,' *»
* SYMPTOMS — Con- JEB^^T ' ?SW TICK— you 'can- W
O fusion of Ideas, ncr- 'Ss%r'<% not come to San &
» ne" S Sn Tbs e nt cc ± 8 d: P^ rfrffe^^Sf . Francisco or call on 3
O edness, pain in the fP\mP * '** ~" jjjflJßl*liiSBß*k. -' " ; a P our X «
... back, 'lops of ambl- ::V If AW •"•' 4&&VWf&if3!SV 1 ' wnen they maks
« tlon, drow sln c s s •V\ »3EL 9\~^soy2' IIS^S their rpprular month- J5
v^ after. meals. loss of /Hj§ , F^^,: ' ly 4 visit* to > Interior : w
**• flesh. . . basnruiness. /A \ v lHtt> - I -'' -•■■'; v>sS« towns writ* tn ... **
£ dizziness, unnatural //// /^ JBk [ < :^dL± Mm / towns, write to us ? «
W losses, drains, etc., / ////^^^Jf l I •F&bS£m // ° r °U r private «
O palpitation of the / '///ss^mmf'tf, l VfT^Wßa'.l. /// hook, for men «
heart" and many - 'W/ffy. ffimufiif - iiA&iilHHKjllvV> only, treatise on dls- \1
tlms" °irT hlC w M /jS^IHWSw ; eases and weakness »
1 1 Men Only. i^R^r^^^^ 1 Men Only. 1 1
j5 liiUil UliiJ ■ il^%\\ Iljf^Jlpßl^ liiUii Uiiljf ■ $
! - V^™ ™™^" > ™™ l^^ l— - - ■ ..V ' : '" "■<<■ ■'■"-"'.;■■■■?,.--■-;.•:'■■■■.•■■•'■■'-■""■ -■■ .•• : -^ ™Tt-'''S
■»•";' CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE. »
| DR. MEYERS & CO-, T»-»l.
CHINESE STILL
SNEAKING IN
Another Letter Seized
by Inspectors.
COOLIE SMUGGLERS AT WORK
OFFICIALS AROUSED BY THE
CALL EXPOSURES.
Heretofore the Bureau System Had
Been Lax to the Point
of Absolute Crim
inality.
Chinese Bureau Inspector Latham
seized last Tuesday a letter in Chinese
characters, which, like the letter found
recently by Inspector Lynch, reveals the
methods by which the coolie brokers and
their hired tools work to Insure the land
ing of Chinese laborers In defiance of the
laws of the United States.
Up to the time of The Call's recent ex
posure of the lax system under which the
bureau was conducted access to Chinese
on board the steamers at the Mall dock
was easy. In fact, there was practically
no hindrance. Agents of the Highbind
ers' Bureau in Chinatown visited the Im
migrants without difficulty and coached
them as to the stories which they were to
tell when they should come before the
Federal Bureau.
After The Call published the letter of
Chan Tal Tsung, In which he advised an
immigrant that the transcript of testi
mony given by him to the inspectors
would be handed to his brokers by some
white man, the Federal officials aroused
from their lethargy and Customs Sur
veyor Spear issued an order that no per
son should be allowed to visit the immi
grants without an order countersigned by
him.
The following letter was written by a
Chinese on one of the steamers, the Low
Kow mentioned being an immigrant on
the same steamer:
Dear Brother: Sit Tow: The things you
sent for Low Kow to Low Kow and myself
were all claimed and obtained by the passen
gers on the boat that came In Just before* our
own. Upon being told about this by certain
other passengers we made diligent inquiries to
ascertain who the guilty parties were, but all
In vain. We did not care about the provisions.
What we very much feared was that In the
provisions might be important communications,
and if bo, kindly be sure to set forth what you
wish to communicate. Come In person to the
entrance of the stairway and then when you
have seen the parties intended hand in your
provisions.
The old California Chinese who are only wait
ing to be landed act like so many starving
devils and don't have a particle of feeling for
the other fellows.
The two reports showing respectively Lee
Kow and Lee Wo's testimony were sent to you
on the eighth day and we hope that you have
received them. If you have be sure to send
word to that effect Immediately, co that those
two people may not remain In anxiety. Send
word any way, whether you received them or
not.
So much for the present; better news by and
by. Yours, etc., TOW.
P. S. The provisions sent formerly all came
safely to hand. It was only the lot sent to-day
that got miscarried through parties laying false
claim to them.
Fifth month, ninth day, 8 p. m.
CHANGE IN FREIGHT RATE.
A Restoration to the Old Tariff on
Bags Will Soon Be Made.
For some time past a freight-rate ■ war
on bags has been engaging the attention
of the freight traffic officials of the vari
ous railroads. A compromise and settle
ment have been effected and the reductions
which have been made will be swept aside.
The present rate of 52.2 cents from San
Francisco to Denver and Colorado points
will be advanced to 65 cents. From New
Orleans the rate will be 60 cents. The new
rates will be of great benefit to San Fran
cisco shippers, as the difference in rates
from New Orleans to Denver and from
this city to that point will be 5 cents upon
the restoration to the former tariff, whilj
It is now 30 cents In favor of the New Or
leans shipper.
Continental Republican League.
A meeting of the Continental Republi
can League was held last night at Sara
toga Hall. The attendance was good.
Addresses were made by H. S. Millzner,
T. H. McCarthy, B. T. McKlnley, Amos
Currier and the chairman, Frank D.
Worth. Millzner was, however, the prin
cipal speaker of the evening, he being
specially invited for that purpose. His
remarks were strong and forcible in the
Interest of the Republican nominees, all
of whom, he said, were men of untar
nished character and standing in the
community, and should and would be as
suredly elected In next November. After
adjournment the members marched in a
body to attend the meeting of the Cen
tral Republican League at the Alcazar
building.
Sanford Will Contest Abandoned.
The contest over the probating of the
will of Miss Josephine D. Sanford, who
died about eighteen months ago, was dis
missed yesterday in Judge Coffey's court.
It is denied that any compromise was
made. On the other hand it Is asserted
that the contesting heirs decided to aban
don the legal battle, believing it to be a
costly but hopeless struggle. The estate
is approximately valued at $500,000.
The .will executed by Miss Sanford was
a peculiar one, inasmuch as it disinherited
her relatives and left the bulk of the prop
erty to Thomas I. Bergin, Andrew S.
Moseley, Professor George Davidson and
Dr. Ellenwood. A ranch of 15,000 acres in
Contra Costa County is the most valuable
piece of the realty.
• DOGS OF HIGH DEGREE.
The Interstate Coursing Club — a
name which the « Union Coursing
Park management can now use, according
to a late decision of the court— held a very
large meeting last evening in Pythian
Castle. The drawings for Saturday and
Sunday's coursing were watched with in
terest.
The Open stake, with sixty-four nomi
nations, includes a large number of im
ported dogs and some youngsters that will
run for the first time in the All-aged
stake. The Puppy stake has sixteen en
.tries. The prizes are $690 and $125. The
draw resulted as follows:
Open stake— M. Nealon's Van Cloie vs. John
Terlin's Forget-Me-Not: O. Herrog's Lanky-
Bob vs. R. Strehl's Lillian Russell; J. Segger-
Bon'a White Chief vs. R. E. de Lopez' Green
Valley Maid; G. Welch's Ltttle Doubt vs.
George Sharman'B Walt-a-Little; George Whit
ney's Theron vs. F. Jones' Moonlight; S. W.
Bmlth'B Crusader vs. E. & R. Scott's Lord By
ron; M. Culligan's Last Chance vs. Bartell
Bros.' Rest Assured; W. J. Jones' Prince Jer
ome vs. A. & B. kennel's Rock Island Boy;
Yosemlte kennel's Belle of Seville vs. W. C.
Erben's Vigilant; U. Ford's Bonita vs. R.
Btrehl's Star Pointer; Curtis & Son's Commo
dore vs. Pierce & Sullivan's Santa Bella; T.
Gaffney's Sir John Arnott vs. Larkey &
Rock's Hercules; A. & B. kennel's Meta vs. A.
& B. kennel's Kentish Girl; Max Herzog's Lit
tle Delight vs. T. Esquivel's Peaceful Glen; T.
C. Mack's Black Pattl vs. J. H. Smith's Ben
dtgo: W. J. Jones' Queen Ann vs. Russell &
Wilson's Victor Queen: Handy & Smith's Vic
tor vs. Yosemite kennel's Brandy and Soda; T.
J. Cronin's Thornhil! vs. J. McCormlck's
White Tip: H. A. Baldwin's Forgive vs. J. F.
Halton's Tlc-Tac; Pasha kennel's Firm Friend
vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier; F. Murphy's Gilt
Edge vs. H. R. Baldwin's Forget; John Ander
son's Lady Gay vs. P. & G. kennel's Ruth
Ashmore; Handy & Smith's Ida vs. R. E. de
Lopez' Carmel; R. Prlngle's Gladus Pasha vs.
Itlncon kennel's Ski; Larkey & Rock's Miner
va vs. J. McKnell's Revenge: T. A. Farming' s
Babe Murphy vs. Curtis & Son's McKinley: T.
J. Cronln's Magnet vs. Larkey & Rock's Lib
erty Bell; T. McEldowney"s Blackstone vs. D.
J. Healey's Rusty Gold; S. E. Portal's Light
ning vs; M. Nealon's Van Knapp; A. L. Aus
tin's Douglas vs. J. McCormick's White Lily;
J. J. Edmonds" Morning Glory vs. D. Hooper" b
Koolawn: H. Teaner's Monotony vs. Barteil
Bros. 1 Max Melody.
Puppy stake^T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee
vs. T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball; James J.
O'Brien's Admiral Dewey vs. Pasha kennel's
Rl"t Act; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. T.
Hall's Miss Skyball; John Anderson's Robin
Adalr vb. Curtis & Son's Highland Ball; M.
C. Delano's Trinket vs. J. Seggerson's Cande
laria; E. R. Scott's Daisy Dean vs. Yosemite
kennel's Beauty Spot: James J. O'Brien's
Statesman vs. W. J. Jones' Lady Marian: W.
J. Jones' Rustan vs. Curtis & Son's Luxor.
Forty-Second District Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of
the Republican residents of the Forty
second Assembly District met last night
at Kuchmeister'B Hall and organized
with the following officers: President,
Evan J. Coleman; vice president, R. H.
Norton; recording secretary , J. J. Jami
eon; financial secretary, Thomas Mc-
George; treasurer, Charles Q. Bender;
executive committee— P. R. Conway, W.
O. Banks, E. D. Tichnor, R. H. Norton
Jr. and M. A. Ephraim; finance commit
tee—Charles Cartan, L. A. Henry, A. R.
Nathan, R. L. Sherwood and J. B. Reilly;
campaign committee— H. A. Kucnmelster,
W. Jay Smith, Charles Tillson, Cnarles
McLain and Joslah Tillson.
President Coleman in a few well chosen
remarks Introduced a resolution indors
ing Julius Kahu, the Republican nom
inee for Congress from the Fourth Con
gressional District, walch the club unani
mously indorsed.
J. J. Jamison placed before the club a
resolution indorsing' Leon Dennery for
the nomination of Senator before the
Legislative convention of the Forty-sec
ond and Forty-third Assembly districts.
Fred R. Conway made an interesting
speech on the questions of the day, and
asked the club to give its Indorsement to
the present Assemblyman, L. a. Henry,
which was granted by the club Immedi
ately. After giving three cheers for
President McKlnley the club adjourn
ed to a neighboring cafe, where some
time was devoted to sj>ngs, speeches
and recitations. A general good time was
had under the supervision of President
Evan J. who acted as toast
master.
Rosarian Society Entertains.
A very pleasant entertainment was
given last Tuesday evening by the mem
bers of the Rosarian Society of St. Dom
inic's Church In the church hall. The pro
gramme Included selections by the League
of the Cross band, recitations by Miss
Julia Coffey, organ solo by Cecil Cowles.
Master Fay Dougherty and Dennis Sher
man responded to several encores and D.
Torres and J. Dougherty rendered a very
pleasing banjo duet.
The guests were then Invited to the par
lors, where dancing was enjoyed until
midnight.
ERNE AND LAVIGNE
ARE MATCHED AGAIN
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— George F.
Dowdell has offered a $5000 purse for a
fight between Lavigne and Erne at
Coney Island. Billy Lavigne for the
"Kid" accepts from Buffalo and Ken
nedy for Erne. The fight Is to take
place on September 23.
Oregon Educator Dead.
EUGENE, Or., Sept. 14.— Professor J.
W. Johnson, who for seventeen years
prior to. 1893 was president of the Ore
gon State University, died to-day.
Swallowed a Needle and Died.
A tailor in Chicago accidentally swallowed
a needle and died as a result of the Inflam
mation set up by the small needle. Little
things frequently have great power, as is seen
In a few small doses of the famous Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which, however, has an en
tirely different effect from the needle In this
'notice. The Bitters make nervous, weak and
sickly persons strong and well again. They are
also good for dyspepsia and constipation.
CowDtfCTO* : I don't know how I would get along if it wasn't fof
Ripans Tabules. We men here on the road are
always in such a "hustle," and get so little tim«
to eat and have to 6wallow our food so quickly,
no wonder we have dyspepsia. I know I suffered
with it for nearly two years before I got "onto"
tfye Tabules, and 1 was in misery all the time. I
constantly had pains in my stomach and chest, and
a dizsy feeling about my head. My bowels didn't
work regularly, and I felt " mean " all the time. I
saw Ripans Tabules advertised so much I bought
■ome, and after taking them for a month felt like
t new man. I have a boy who was troubled with
indigestion, and gave some to him. They proved
to be just what Re needed*
♦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 Everybody surrenders to Battle Ax. ©
0 There is no greater hardship than to be de- ©
@ priveJofyour ©
fand any one who has once chewed Battle Ax $%
Lwill give up most any thing to get it. 10c buys @
9 a larger piece of Battle Ax than of any other d
@ kind of high grade quality. jP
1 Pemember the name i
I ■ when you buy again. I
Health is Wealth.
OR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND O BRAIN TREATMENT
:■ THE ORIGINAL.' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS, ..
Is sold under positive "Written Guarantee,
bjranthorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulncss, Fits, Hysteria, Quiet-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
dence. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
pr Liquor, which leads to Misery; Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
I box; six for $s;witn written cuarantee'to
I core or refund money. Sample pack-
i age, containing five days r treatment, with full
; instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold to
i each person. At store or by maiL ju,-
\#(E§|&t§rßed Label Special /£&s£&
fc^NjSKa Extra Strength. mg£L d
§52f*Rcd Label Loss o£w^f 3-TW3 -TW
For Impotepcy, Loss ofv^^n
2«^ts"«r Power. Lost Manhood, wl . a&j,
jr^lpJ^L Sterility or Barrenness.; ; jk^^^T
V^s^yfti»sl a box; six for 5, withf*jrv>sar
jp>wi !ttcn KuaranteejSFi^sLV,.
1 2**? J2» to care in 30 days. At store*?!!*
BEFORE or by . AFTER
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Bole Agents,
214 Kearny St. ' . :
t visit DR. JORDAN'S o«at
*&! Museum of Anatomy
1 §|nß\ 1061UASZIT SI. tot. 6th* 7th, 8. T. C»L
Baft Tba Largest of Us kind io the World.
ltre§&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Cooßaltattoa free. Vrita for I'ook
vl Ift Philosophy of Marriage.
& «fl MAILED FHCC
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPiC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUGERA & CO.
. _— «u.60t0 BY all DRUGGISTS
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i ' OF THE
NEW ZEALAND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND, O.i
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1897. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of | Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions -of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. Cf;-..;C f ;-..;
Amount of capital stock, paid up la
cash ..................:... $1,000,000 01
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,336,850 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 165, 01
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 410,336 01
Amount of loans secured by pledge
' of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 103.874 00
Cash In company's office 1,060 00
Cash in banks 152,238 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans : 7,843 00
Premiums in due course of collection 217,499 05
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks... 4,500 00
Rents due and accrued 4,118 M
Total assets '. $2,498,888 00
LIABILITIES. • ''-'>
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense ..........: $190,555 09
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $898,219 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 445,109 00.
Gross premiums on marine and In- .
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent 151,400 01
1 AH other demands against the com-
pany 86,578 00
Total liabilities « $827,943 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums ............'.. $827,010 00
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 5*0,997 00.
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other 50urce5.............: 84,914 m
Received for rents..: — 59,293 00
Total Income .......'.. $1,612,214 00
• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in- . ■
eluding losses of previous years).. 1491,806 00.
Net -amount paid for marine losses .
(Including losses of previous years) 682,688 08
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. 187,500 01
Paid or allowed for . commission or
brokerage ....:...... 89.52100
Paid for salaries, fees and- other ■
charges for officer*, clerks, etc.... 198,618 OS
Paid for State, national and local - -
taxes 13,333 00
All other payments and expenditures. 188.887 00
■ Total expenditures... ~~. 81,601,852 0Q
" . . • Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. .~. 51,074,193 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ- ■•":■•- .
ten during the year.... $183,891,197 $1,089,097 00
Net amount of risks ex- "
pired during the year.. 174,080,018 1,071,817 00:
Net amount In force De- - ••'■ •• .
cember 31, 1897. 151,270.489 898,219 00)
,- . . ,','.. ; Marine; v .'I
Risks and Premiums. ' Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- i . ■
ten during the year.... $117,457,175 $786,068 00
Net amount of risks ex- u*i*sw iifi'imwtEpijß
pired during the year.. 119,967,63* ; 808.694 00
Net amount in force De- ■ ;■- , . I - ,:; •.-: ■■>->
cember 31, 1897.......... 24,589,464| . 161,400 00
J. LOO AN CAMPBELL, Chairman.
F. J. BRASSY. Manager. : ;
, Subscribed and sworn " to . before me thU 16th r
day of April, 1898. m F. DILLINGHAM,
United States Consul.
W. P. THOMAS, Manager,
UNITED STATES BRANCH,
, Office in Company's Building,
312 CALIFORNIA STREET
BAN FRANCISCO.
— ;—; — : — :—:: — : — — — — : ; — >»■
RSgiDR. BALL'S REINYIfiORATOR
BsshTSS ' Flve hundred reward for any cast
Bp™ •"*■»! we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses .in 24 hours,' cure*
Five hundred reward for any cas#
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cure*
K39 RSfij Emissions, - Impotency, .Vancocele, ':
fWri Wri Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
mm HlJLost Manhood and all wasting ef-
BSB ''■ JStßi fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
**'■•" **•" !S™* sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cat. Also
for sale at 1073% Market at., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
_____________________ _____
(l -patents! a
MARKET ST.SJ.^iS^
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Silver unchanged.
Wheat rather easier. Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans and Seeds undisturbed.
Hay steadily held.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry plentiful and dull.
Butter and Errs advanced again.
Fresh and Dried Frulis unchanged.
Quicksilver lower.
Cumberland Coal declined.
WEATHER REPORT.
CllOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 14, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 58; Fresno. 94; Los Angeles, R2; Red
Bluff. 86: San Luis Obispo, 76; San Diego. 72;
Sacramento. 84; Independence. 88; Yuraa, 104.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 51; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST:
An area of high pressure Is central oft the
Washington coast, while the lowest pressure
Is reported from Southwest Arizona.. The
pressure has risen, except along the southern
coast of California, where there has been a
alight fall.
The temperature has remained about station
ary In all districts and is above the normal In
the plateau region.
Cloudy weather is reported from the Puget
Sound country and along the Northern Cali
fornia coast. In other districts the weather v
clear.
A sprinkle of rain is reported from Seattle.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 15. 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy along the
coast; fair In the Interior Thursday; brisk
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday: cooler north.
Utah— Fair Thursday: cooler northwest.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy In
the morning: fair during the day Thursday;
brisk to high west wind.
Special frum Mount Tamalpals — Clear: wind
south, 12 miles: temperature. 66: maximum
temperature, 70. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast OClclal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The unsettled tone of
the speculative mind over the money market
outlook was relieved to-day by the announce
ment of further gold Imports. Actual engage
ments were announced of $1,600,000 and ru
mors were rife of very heavy additional sums
which are to come this week. Rates for call
loans on the exchange broke sharply to 2*
p«r cent from a high point In the morning on
small transactions of 4* per cent. A very
active buying movement developed which was
In large part from professional traders who had
gone short on the market on a conviction that
money rates wnuld hold firm for a time and
that call money would be subject to occasional
flurries from the calling of loans that would
shake out large liquidation of stocks. The
course of the exchange market gave warning
early In the day that relief was at hand for
the money market in the form of gold imports.
Posted rates were marked down * and actual
rates fell Vi. the price for demand sterling
reaching Ji 34, which la easily within the gold
Import point. The market during the earlier
part of the day was largely confined to the
specialties. Sugar, tobacco and the constit
uent companies of the new Federal Steel Com
pany were all markedly weak. The railroads
tallied early In the day, but were weakened
by the decline In the specialties. They offered
strong resistance to decline, however, and ad
vanced easily and quickly all through the list
after midday. The local traction stocks, in
cluding Brooklyn Rapid Transit, Manhattan
and Metropolitan, were also strong. The In
dustrial specialties recovered nearly all their
losses In the afternoon on covering of shorts.
Su<tar was an exception. This stock opened
off 24 per cent, allowing for the 8 per cent
dividend. It rallied 2 per cent but In the late
dealings It fell an extreme 4V» i«?r cent. There
■was very determined support at and below 12T
and the bears deslrted from their attack. This
gave time for the general market to rally apa:n
to about the best, the closing being active and
firm at net gains reaching a point or over In
many stocks. The grangers and Pac'flcs were
conspicuous in the railroad list. The effect of
the easier money market was in large part
sentimental, as the stock market depression
has been due to apprehension of future strin
gency, rather thnn to actual conditions. The
conviction had gained force for several days
thnt the scarcity of money Is apparent rather
than real and the fact that the payments on
the Government loan are almost completed
gives promise of early relief from the drain
on that account. The Government disburse
ments In the form of expenditures and the
distribution of the new bonds are certain to
result In a plentiful supply of easy money at
an early date. There was a growth of de
mand for bonds and prices rallied In sympathy
with stocks in the latter part of the day. To
tal sales. 12.500.000.
United States 3s advanced * 1n the bid price
There were large transactions In the 3s at 105*
to 105%, the latter belns the last price
Total sales of stocks to-day, 499.100 shares
Including 9790 Atchlson preferred 27 534 Bur
lington. 27.20S Manhattan. 3332 Metropolitan
6410 Missouri Pacific, 30,650 Northern Pacific.
11.869 Rock Island, 12.3 M Union Pacific 3^ MS
Bt. Paul. 15,680 I'nion Pacific preferred 10 600
Minnesota Iron, 3278 International Paper Com
pany, G42. f . Potton Oil, 25.82S Tobacco, 3250 Chi
cago Great Western, 17,360 People's Gas 3340
Ste-1, $7,498 Sugar, 4505 Tennessee Coal' and
Iron, 3415 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12 PMA M. 166
Do prefd 34 1 So Pacific '.'. 21%
Baltimore '& Ohio 41 Bo Railway ... 8 4i
Canada Pacific .. 86 Do prefd 34
Canada Southern, 52% Texas & Pacific. 13 vi
Central Pacific .. 214 Union Pacific .. 31
Ches & Ohio 224 Do prefd .. . 64%
Chi & Alton 135 U P D & G.... <JV.
CM B & Q. ....... 114% Wabash '. S%
Chi & X 111 So 1 * Do prefd 20% j
Do prefd 105% Wheel & L E 24 >
CCC* St L.... 41 Do prefd ..... 144
Do prefd 87 Express Companies—
Pel & Hudson.... 106 • Adams Ex .. in
Del L & W 143 American Ex .. 130
Den AR G 14% United States .. 41
Do prefd — .... 554 Wells Farjro* ....'. 120
Erie (new) 13% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd.... 35V, A Cot Oil 344
Fort Wayne ..... 172 Do prefd . . 84%
Ot Nor prefd..... 1334 Amn Spirits ... . 12%
Hocking Valley... '5% Do prefd 3',\ i
Illinois Central.. lll 7 i Am Tobacco ... 145% !
Lake Erie A W.. 17% Do prefd ....... 125- i
Do prefd •■ 74% People's Gas 104%
Lake Shore:.;:::;- 192*4 Cons Gas ........ 181 |
Louis A Nash.... 56% Com Cable C 0..... 170 I
Manhattan L .... 9C% Col F & Iron 20%
Met St Ry 154% Do prefd ....:... 80
Mich Central ... 105 Gen Electric 4414 ■
Minn A St L.... 26 Illinois oieel ..'..'. 67 i
Do Ist Drefd.... 86 Laclede Gas ... 49 -
Mo Pacific 32% Lead .... 34
Mobile & 0hi0... 26% Do prefd .... 108
Mo X & T 11%' Nat Lin OH ".'.'.'.'. 4 ■
Do prefd 33 Haw Com C 0..... 28 !
Chi Ind A L 8 Pacific Mail ....._ 324
Do prefd 30 Pullman Palace... 156%
N J Central , 89% Silver Certificates 60 "A
N T Central 116% Stand RAT 7&
N V Chi A St L. 13 Sugar 127& ;
Do Ist Drefd.... 65 Do prefd . 112% I
Do 2d Drefd.... 33 TC A 1r0n....:. " 28
Nor West 14 US leather ....'. 84 '
Ko Amer Co 6% Do prefd ... 49« ;
No Pacific 38% C S Rubber ... 414 '
Do prefd 774 Do prefd ..102% :
Ontario & W 15% West Union ..... 92*.
Or'R & Nay...... 55 C A N AY ... 131% !
Or Short Line 33% Do prefd 175 '
Plttsburg 169 St L & S W.. 4 '
Reading 18 Do prefd 11%
Do Ist prefd.... 424 R G AA\ ....... . 27
Bock Island- 103 Do prefd .. 63
Bt Louie ASF.. 8% Intl Paper C 0... 48
Do- Ist prefd 64% Do nrefd ........ SBy: I
Do 2d prefd... 32 ■ Pac C Ist prefd H 1
Bt Paul 1094 Do 2d prefd.... 66
Do prefd' 156% Chi G W......... i<u,
Bt PA Om Ml Minn Iron ...... 92U
Do prefd 1."7 Brooklyn R T.. '.' s'ju
' CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 35.. 105% NY. Central 110
. U 6- new 4s reg.. 12»", N J C 65.....: 103%
Do coup 12^V« N Carolina 65.... 125
U 8 45....... ; 111>4 Do 4s .....103 «
Do coup ........ 112% Xo Pac Ist-;.. 113 •
Do 2ds ..:. 99 Do 3s : '.. 6«'4
U 65s reg........ 113% Do 4s 100%
Do 5s c0up...... 1131., N V C & St L 4s. 105%
District 8.65s ..... 1164 Vor & W 65.... 123
Ala class A..:...". r10S • Northwgtrn cons. 140 '
Do B ..:.. 105 j Do deb 80..;...:; 119 Vi
Do C ........... 100 ' O Nay lsts ....... 113%
Do Currency ... 100 O Nav-45.... ....... 95%
Atchison 4s 95 OS Line 65, tr.... 125%
Do adj 45....... 71% O S Line 5a tr 105%
Can So 2ds .*....... 108% Pacific of 93.. ."102%
Chi Term 45......:.' 88 . Reading 4s . 82
C A Ohio 5«;...... 115% R O W 15t5....... 89
C H & D 4%5.... 104% St L & IMC ss. 98
D & R O lsts.... 11l • St L & B\V G 6s. 120 "
D & R O 45..;..:. 97 St P C0n.......... 131 .
East Term lsts... lou St. P. C& P l»ts. 118%
Erie Gen 45....... 71% Do 6s ".....'...... 118%
F W & D lats tr. > 744 " Railway 55.... 5^4
Gen Elec 6s 1084 Stand R & T 65... 75
G H&-S A 6a... 105 . Term new set 38.. 'S3 -
Do 2ds . v ... ;.'..: 1024 Tex >' L G lsts.;. 10C%
H &iT C 65....... 11l »Do Rg 2d5. .:.;.. 43%
Do con 65...... ". 109% U P D & G - 75%
lowa C 15t5......; 103% Wab Ist 55.. ...... 111%
La new cons 4b.. 103 Do 24s .:...:.;.".. BS%
LAN Unl 45.... 88% W. Shore ;45.......; 45....... 109 -
Missouri Be-. .:.... 100 A a Centu • .75%
MX & T 2d5...... ' 614 Do deferred ... 74
Do 48 .:......... 87%
MINING STOCKS. : .; ;
Ch01Jar ;'.:;. .;....."'. 15 Ontario .:.....'..... 8 CO.
Crown Point .:..' 12 Ophirsr..;;:;.;.;.. ««.iXJ
Con Cal A k Va.... 65iPfc'mouth .■..;...;.„•- 12
Dead wood ....:.... 33|QulcksIlver -1 23
Gould A Curry.::. 22 i 'Do : nrefd 3CO
Hale & Norcross. 75'Sierra;>evada ... 73.
Komestake ..:...; 45 00! Standard .......... 1 60
Iron Silver ....... 65 Union Con- .\..... 20
Mexican*:.."........ >,-. 20 Yellow* Jacket..;. 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - "<'.: West'EndV..;.;.:. . 86%
Cal loans .......2H<S3% Westln«house.El.",Bo%
Time loans .;..:S ©44! Do prefd ........ -57 ;
Stocks— '• -v Gen { Elec prefd... 97
AT * 8 F 12% Bonds- WgS±
Amer Sugar 127H Atchlson 4a 93
Do prefd 113 Wis Cent lsts 82%
Bay State Gas... I*4 Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone.... 276 Allouez Mln C 0... 3V4
Boston & Albany. 235 Atlantic 26^
Boston & Maine. 162 Boston & Mont.. 225
Boston L 69 Butte & Boston.. Z3\
Chi Bur & Q.... iu\ Calumet & Hecla. 675
Fltchburg 104* Centennial 17H
Gen Electric 44V4 Franklin 13
Illinois Steel 68 ilOsceola 54%
Mexican Central.. 6 IQulncy 116
N V & New Eng. 98 Tamarack 172
Old Colony 193 Wolverine 26%
Rubber 4Ui Parrott 23V4
Union Pacific 31
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW TORK. Sept. 14.— Money on call firm,
2'd@4V4 per cent; last loan, S per cent: prime
mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent: sterling ex
change weak, with actual business In bankers' ■
bills at 14 M\ for demand and *l 82=4@4 82>j
for 60 days; posted rutes, 14 S3V4 and M SOi?
4 86H; commercial bills. $4 81@4 SIVi: silver cer
tificates. «H4@6lc; bar silver, W'jc; Mexican
dollars, 47c; Government bonds, firm; State
bonds, dull; railroad bonds, firm.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Stock mar
kets were stagnant to-day. They opened flat
on Crete and other political matters, but ral
lied slightly 'at the close, with a special re
covery In Argentine stocks. Americans were
dull. They opened flat, but cloetd steadier.
The same applies to Kaffirs. Fewer American
bills were offered here to-day.
Canadian Pacific, 90V4; Grand Trunk, T\i; bar
silver quiet, 28d per ounce; money, ft per cent.
Spanish 4's closed at 41\.
PARIS. Sept. 14.— Spanish *'m closed at
41.97'- 3 .
MADRID, Sept. li.— Spanish 4s closed at
66.80.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21.355 bbls; exports, 9723; dull but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 148,000 bushels; exports.
24,979. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red. 70 T /4@7lHc f.
o. b. afloat to arrive and spot. Options — Opened
easy because of disappointing cables and after
a forenoon rally on strength In Western cash
circles again turned weak. News of the day
was generally bullish. Closed a little steadier
on late covering with unchanged prices. No.
2 red May, SStt«F«B%c, closed 68% c; September,
6&V*@69^c. closed 69Hc; December, WH@67 3-l«c,
closed 66% c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, price* un
changed to 10 points lower. Sales, 8500 bags,
Including September, $5 3<X3-5 35; October, $5 35.
' Spot Coffee — Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 6*c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Quiet; Cordova, s®
15c.
SUGAR— Raw, very firm; fair refining, 3 13-16
©37/sc;3 7 /sc; centrifugal, 96 test. 4%c. Refined strong.
METALS— The situation In th« local metal
market shows very little change, business being
sluggish and prices without Important varia
tions. Spelter exhibited a fairly steadier un
dertone, while Tin developed an easier ten
dency. Sews was of the character which tended
to make buyers proceed cautiously. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with $7 bid and
$7 05 asked.
LAKE COPPER-Qulet; $12 25 bid and $12 37*
asked.
TlN— Easy, with $16 05 bid and $16 10 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 80 bid and $4 87*
asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 bid and $4 00 asked. The
firm fixing the settling price for miners and
smelters quote's Lead $3 85.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9427 packages. Firmer;
Western creamery, 14*<g20c; Elgina, 20c; fac
tory, ll*(§l4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6572 packages. Firm; West
ern, 16* c.
DRIED FRUIT,
NEW YORK, Sept. M.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@Sc;
prime wire tray. B*c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9*c.
PRUNES— 4igS*c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll®13c; Moorpark, 12316 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7©9 c; peeled, 12@150.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, ' Sept. 14.— Some weakness - was
created In wheat at the opening on account of
Liverpool showing from %®94d decline In face
of yesterday's strength on' this side. The
slight reduction at which first transactions
were effected soon gave place to firmness and
%c advance when it was seen how small. the
offerings were and how much was . wanted.
Several items of news telegraphed Immediately
alter were of a bullish' character and wen re
sponsible for the Increased demand that • put
up the price.
New York reported liberal Continental ac
ceptances of last night's offers and also buy-
Ing orders for futures from abroad. Foreigners
likewise bought here. A small cargo of No. 2
spring wheat was worked here direct to Lon
don by a firm that handled a good deal of the
wheat shipped abroad by Lelter during the cur- !
rency of the latter*s operations, and It was I
considered significant that this direct demand i
showed signs of revival. Minneapolis . wired
that 2*c over the December price - was \\<X
there to-day for wheat -to arrive any time In
October. Demand here ■ for prompt , shipment
opened up strong, with heavy sales reported
the first hour of the session. . The ■ movement
of the domestic crop - was bearish ' as . regards
the spring and bullish concerning winter wheat.
The close was at a gain of %c for September
and %c for December. ,
Corn was fairly firm for a short time and
then became uncompromisingly heavy, with
longs selling out disgustedly and shorts rub
bing in the agony without offering ■to cover
much until late in the session. December de
clined %c. ■
The general trade In oats was stimulated by
a good demand and small receipts. May closed
unchanged to He up.
Provisions averaged firmer and closed steady
at substantially the same prices they did yes
terday. Packers were • friendly :to the . market
and commission houses with English connec
tions bought heavily 'of lard. . Pork lost 2%c,
lard Improved 2%c and ribs closed unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. ' Low. Clone.
Wheat No. 2—
September 64% 64% 64% 64%
December 62% 62H 61* 62*
May .....: 64% 64% 63% 64*
Corn No. 2—
September 29% 23% 29* 29* j
December 297* 29% 29% »■,, '
May 31% . 32 21% 31% !
Oats No. 2— ...
September 20* 21* 20* .20%
December 20 20% 20 - 20% I
May 22 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October .. .... 8 55
December 8 70 8 75 8 60 8 62%
January .......9 47% 9 62%. 9 42% 945
Lard,' per 100 pounds —
October .............4 92* 4 97* 490 4 92%
December ..V.V....;.6 00 6 02* 495 4 97%
January ........ :.... 5 07%' 610 8 02% 605
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September ... .... .... 5 40
October 5 32* 640 8 32* 5 37*
January ....4 90 4 92% 4 82* 485
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring .wheat. 62*@63c; No. 3
sprint* wheat, 61<864c; No. 2 red, 66c; No. 2
corn, i>V; No. .2 oats, 21% c; No. 2 white, 23*@ I
24V4c; No. 3 white, 22%@23\c; No. 2 rye, 46$ I
i 46Hc; No. 2 barley, 38@43c; No. 1 flaxseed. S9%tji
90c; : prime timothy seed. $2 50; mess pork, per
; bbl, |S . r .:,i5S 60; lard, per 100 lbs,' $4 92%©-4 95;
i short ribs sides (loose), $5 20@5 45; dry salted !
shoulders (boxed), $4 50@4 76; short : dear ■ sides
[ (boxed), $5 70i§" 80. . . •
; Articles— • ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 14.000 . 8,400
"Wheat, bush 190,900 72.800 1
Corn, bush 654,400 414;300 I
Oats,' bush .710.700 183,800
Rye. bush 31.200 .......
Barley, bu5h............ 158,300 121,000
I On the Produce : Exchange to-day the Butter
! market was firm; creameries, . 13(&;20c; dairies
i ll*@l7c. ■ Eggs, steady; fresh, 13@13%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— • Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis .' 207,320 73920
] Dututh 629.301 654.173
Milwaukee 51.350 3,250
! Chicago 190.950' 72,893
Toledo 48.09* 67,000
St. Louis 88.000 63,000
Detroit ...:..................... 15,04$ = ....:..
Kansas City 81,000 105.500
Totals .;.... 1,171,068 829,742
Tidewater— ■ . • . ■-..'.•
Boston 63,354 -96.013
New York 148.000 24 979
Philadelphia :................. 28,975 • 18.036
Baltimore 196 000
New Orleans ..'..:
Galveston 104,192 .....;'
Totals 871. 28» 336,028
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— . Sept. : Dec. , . Mar
Opening ........ 7.. ....6 6% ' " .'6 3% *■ '6 «i
Closing ........ 6 7* 6 3% 5 *%
• PARIS FUTURES. : 7
Flour— Sept. Nov.-Feb •
Opening : .'.'..48 65 . 4100
c fet-'"'""' <t-'"V'";"'V't -'"V'";"'V' 49 45 48 25
Wheat—
Opening ..........'........'........ *..21 35 > 2130
1 Closing ..:.....~.21 60 . .. 21 50
■ EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. •
CHICAGO. , .
' CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— CATTLE— in good
demand at 'steady, price's.- Choice steers, $5 25®
5 66; medium. $4 60-64 90; beef . steers. »4@4 60;
stockers ' and feeders, $3®4; bulls, Is 2 25@4 ; cows
and heifers. 1 13 50@4 25; : calves. |4@6 25; West
ern rangers, $3 8504 86; fed Western- steers, $4
@540;^ ■■'.■-. =■■'■ -V ." ; ; . ' ■■::. .-...:••. J . ':'.. ■■■.
I■- HOGS— . 6©loc "i higher. Fair ;to choice,
$4£4 16; packing ■;- lots, $3 85@3 97%; /■ butchers.
$3 70®4 15; mixed. $3 700*4 10; lights, $3 75®4 15;
pigs. K@*. ,
s«: SHEEP-Best < grades of sheep were strong;
, poor,; grades - slow 4at ( a decline. • Native ; sheep. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
J2 65<?f4 50; Western Rangers, .13 75<8>4 25 ; feed
ers. J3 86@4; muttons, $4Cr</4 25: Inferior to prime
lambs, J3 T.Vu6 25; feeders, J4 65@6 15.
Receipts— Catttle, 15,500; hogs. 26,000; sheep,
17,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, ' Sept. 14.— CATTLE—
ceipts, 12,000. Best grades steady; others weak.
Native steers, $4 10@5 35; cows and heifers,
$1 75@4 25; stockers and feeders, $3 90@5 15;
bulls, 12 80«f4. ■■ , :
HOGS— Receipts, • 9000. Market : steady to iße
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 80@3 90: heavies. $3 80
@SBS; packers, $3 75@3 90; mixed, $3 70@3 90;
lights. $3 50®3 85; yorkers, $3 75@S 85; pigs,
$3 auU 70. - ; ■- ; '-•:■•■ • ■ .;
SHEEP— 7000. Market steady.
Lambs, $4©5; muttons, . J3@4 10.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Sept. 14.— Receipts, 5100.'
Market stronger. . Native beef steers, $4 400
6 40; . Western steers, .$3 75@4 50; cows s and
heifers, J3(g4; stackers and feeders, lower, $3 60
$4 60: bulls and stags. $2 26<S8 85. «
HOGS— Receipts, 7600. Market 6c higher.
Heavy, $3 So@3 90; mixed, $3 R2H<B>3 85; light,
|3 SO@S 90; bulk of sales, |3 82 M1 3 $5.
SHEEP— 6000. Market Wow. Native
muttons, $3 60®4 10;. Western muttons,' {3 60<3>
4; stockers, 13 25© 4; lambs, J4@s 25.
DENVER. . .■.
DENVER, Sept. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000. - Market steady; beef steers, $3 60@4 80:
cows. J3@4: stockers and feeders, freight paid
to river, 13 50@4 25; bulls and stags, $2 25@3.
Receipts. 200. Market 5c higher, de
mand strong; light packers, $3 85: mixed. $3 70"®
3 75; common and heavy, ' $3 Co@3 80. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 3300. Market strong; good
muttons, J3<s>4 25; lambs, $4 50^5 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Porter Bros. Company cold California fruit as
follows:
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Pears— Winter Seck
els, $3 per box; Bartletts. $1 66@2 65; Beurre
Hardys, $1 55@2 35 . per box and 76c per half
box; Santa Anas, $1 80 per box. • Plums— Kel
eey Japans, (1 OC@4 per single crate; Egg, 70c@
Jl 10; Schley, $1 05; Ickworth, 80c. Grapes—To
kays, $1 55(?T 2 per single crate; Muscats. .$1 25.
Prunes— Hungarian, $1 25@1 70 per single crate;
Gros. $1 25<g'l 60; German, $1 03@l 05. Peaches—
McDevltt clings, $105 per box: orange, clings,
$1: late Crawfords, 80c@Jl: Salways, 6f.@9oc;
other varieties, 65<g85c. Eighteen cars sold.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Grapes— Tokays. $1 70
per single crate; other varieties, 55 @ 90c.
Peaches— Free stones, 65c@Jl 19; red clings, 66c
<g~sl 10; Plquettee lates, 65c@Jl 10: Salways. 55c
@$1 10; orange clings, 70c. Pears— Keif 900.
Two cars sold. ■
The Earl Fruit • Company sold California
fruit at auction to-day, with the following re
sults:
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Grapes— 56@95c,
average 81c. Eight cars sold. •
PHILADELPHIA, Sept Grapes— Tokay,
$1 0501 46, average $1 20; Muscat, 81c; Morocco,
$2. Weather cool. Two cars sold.
MONTREAL, Sept. 14. — Peaches^-Susque
hanna, average $1 48: ' Orange Cling, $1 26.
Grapes— Muscat, single ' crates, . $1 50. Prunes—
Gros. $1 69. Pears— Bartlett, per box, $2 39. '
BOSTON. Sept. 14.— Grapes— Jl 45@2,
average $1 77. Peaches Salway. 65c@Jl 10,
average 90c; Strawberry Free, 86c; George's
Late, 80c; Picquett's Late, S9c. Bartlett,
$2 02. Plums— Kelsey, tl 60. . Prunes— Gros, 85c
to Jl 65, average :$1 24. . Five cars sold.
DRIED FRUITS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Cooler weather has stimulated de
mand for California dried fruits and under
limited offerings firm feellrfc obtains. Supplies
of old crop California raisins on spot are sm.i'l
and the market is a shade higher, 3%c now be
ing quoted as Inside for two-crown, 4c for
three and 4*c for four-crown. No business of
consequence Is reported In new crop, London
layers or clusters as yet, but the market is
firm at association quotations. Sultanas are
quiet, but the market le firm In sympathy with
reports from primary sources. There Is a
steady market for currants, but we hear of lit
tle business, either for prompt or forward de
livery. There Is an Increasing demand for spot
prunes and a firmer feeling prevails. In apri
cots and peaches little business Is reported, out
under light offerings here and on the coast the
market Is firm and unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 14— Consols, 109%; Silver,
28d; French rentes. 102f 92* c; Wheat cargoes
off coast, nominal, unchanged; cargoes on
passage, firm, lees active; Oregon, 29s l*d;
English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 14— Wheat, steady: No.
1 Standard California, 6s ld®6s 2d: Wheat In
Paris, firm; Flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
WHEAT— Futures, steady: September, Bs
7*d: December. 6s 3%d: March, 5s 4%d.
CORN— September, quiet, 3s 3d; October, 3s
l%d: December, quiet, 3s 2>d.
HOPS— At London, Paclflo Coast, firm, £2
4*s@£4.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 14.—WHEAT—Un
changed; Walla Walla, 57iJ?5Sc; valley and blue
stem, 60<g*lc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 14— WHEAT— Firm and
higher, with exporters offering 58c for club and
61c for blue stem.
COTTON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— COTTON— Quiet ;
middling, 6*c.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 6%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 14.— Exchanges, $234,
883; balances, $46,634.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE i AND BULLION.
Sterling; Exchange, 60 day 5........ — 84 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 486
Sterling Cables ...'..... — 4 864
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per 0unce. .............. — 604
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS
. WHEAT— The market was rather easy at un
changed . quotations. Trade continued dull.
Spot Shipping. SI 124@1 15; milling,
»1 174@1 20. . •
CALL BOARD SALES. - -
Informal Session 9:ls ' o'clock—December—
8000 ctls, $117; 46,000, $116%; 2000, $116%; 2000,
: $117%.: ...,>:.f ..... •-. < ~.
Second Session— lo,ooo ctls, $1 16%.
i • Regular Morning Session — December — 6000 ctls,
! $1 17%; 28.000, $1174; 2000, $117%; 4000, $117%;
' 4000. $117%. '• ■::: . ''.■■. :
i Afternoon Session— 22,ooo ctls, $1 19;
I 22,000, $118%; 14,000, • $1194; 12,000, ;$1 IS%.
BARLEY — Quotations . remain unchanged,
with very little going on. • '
Feed, $1 16(&1 20; Brewing, nominal.
• . ' CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
sales. -.; :' • ; '. t ' •,:;.'. . .. .: ... '■.■.. .—
Second Session — No sales. — . ;
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. ■
OATS— Fancy Feed, $1 20@l 224 per ctl ; good
to choice, • $11246120; common, $1 07%<S^ 10;
Surprise, nominal; Gray, $1 10@l 15; milling,
$1 15&1 20 per ct1. ..,.-,
CORN— round yellow, 1125; Eastern
' large yellow, $1 07%; white, $1 12%; mixed, 1105
I ©1 07% per ctl.
RYE— l6@l l7% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- $1 75@1 85 per ctl. -
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China. steamer took out 12,332 bbls Flour.
' FLOUR Family extras, $4 15@4 25; • bakers'
i extras, $4@4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices •In ; sacks are as ;fol
i lows; usual discount 'to: the trade: Graham
I Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100;
Rice - Flour, $7; . Oornmeal, $2 50; ; extra •• cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: * Oatmeal, -$4 25; Oat ' Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat Flour, $4
; ©4 25; Cracked ■Wheat,, $3 75: -Farina,: $4 50;
I Whole Wheat i Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
i rels), $5 8566.25; in sacks, $5 65©6 06; Pearl Bar
ley. $0; Split Peas, $4 25; • Green Peas, $4 50 per
100 lbs. . . : , ' . ■ ' •
' HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
- Nearly 1400 tons of Hay; came in, : but there
was no further weakness. The market Is now
: In stronger handß than It was : a month . or :so
i ago and prices are kept up, by main strength,
\ If necessary. •:■ ' . ■
: BRAN— sl4i{fls GO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB©2O- per ton. :
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed . Barley. $25 per ton
Oilcake Meal at . the mill, $31®>31 50; Jobbing,
, $324*32 50; a Cocoanut Cake, - $24<g25; . Cottonseed
! Meal. $28^30 ; per ton ; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn. $245?24 50. . ' . f -,~
CALIFORNIA i HAY— Wheat, $13 60@16 50 for
good to choice, and $12(813 for lower grades; no
! fancy coming In; : Wheat and Oat, 15; Oat.
$12 Co@l4; Barley, ; Island Barley,: $10©
11 60: Alfalfa, $11 50@12 50; Stock, . $10; : Clover,
nominal. ' 1 "Tii'.Wi,lMi»i<mmoirf^|' ~Wjt"<W''fLH»'i>> l il_i '
OUTSIDE HAY-(From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $12@13 50; Oat. $ll@l2 50; Cheat, $10012 ; :
Timothy, $10® 12 50; Alfalfa, $10@ll per ton.
STRAW— 3O@SOc per bale. •/, s r r;. •.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
; There -Is no further \ change in - any , descrip
tion. ' " "' * . ■;.■■ > ■ ■'■ . -' ■ ■ . - ; - ■■"
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50®2 40: Small Whites.
$1 95@2 15; Large Whites, -$1 75@1 90; Pinks,
$2 So@2 40; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $3 15®
3 26; Butters, nominal; . Limns, $3@3 15; Pea,
$1 90@2 05 ; '• Red ? Kidneys, ; $2 50®2 75 ■- per ■ ctl. v >
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, : $4 25@4 50 it per » ctl;
Yellow Mustard,' $* l! »4 124; Flax, I nominal, * $2®
2 10; Canary - Seed, v 2V«2%c . per • 1b; , Alfalfa,
from Utah. 6c; Rape, 2^@3%c; Hemp, 2%@3c;
Timothy, 6@5%c. • - <■;..> ■->=• »• ;
■ DRIED PEAS— ■ $1 60; Green, $1 75®2 25
per, ctl. 5. ;..,-.. .'.:.'.-.:^ntonten
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
;;> Previous prices ' rule ' for all ..descriptions. -
, ; POTATOES — 40®50c • In ! sacks . for i Early j Rose
and 46@>65c \ln Backs and 1 60c@$l' 10 In boxes I for
Burbanks; ' Salinas ■ Burbanks, 75c@«l. 20; Sweet
Potatoes,- l@l%c per Ib. ■ ■ .-■ ■■-:- . . ,
»* ONIONS— ? per ctl ". for | yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75c@$l per ctl. ■ •■-- . - ■. .. ■ ;
; . VEGETABLES— -; Peas, B®8c; String
" '■ ' :'~r , * ; '-SIMHSJBJUHBMSBaHaaIaBSKta
Beans, lVi@3c; Lima Beans, 2« 1 3r: Bay
Squash, 25<g30c; Green Peppers, 25©400 for
Chile and 25<jj40c for Bell; Cabbage, Me per
ctl; Carrots. 30(g50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
20Q35c; Pickles, Jl 50<gl 60 for No. 1 and 7»c@ I JI
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 35(8'60c; Bay Toma
toes, 40@65c; Green Corn, OOe^Jl per sack
for Vacavllle, Jl@l 50 per crate for Alameda,
65tj8:,c for Berkeley; Garlic, 2@2Hc per lb;
Green Okra, 40@66c; Dried Okra, R@loc per lb;
Egg Plant, 404160 c per box; Marrowfat Squash.
JS&10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is weak and freely supplied, but
prices are no lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@170 for Gob
blers and 13(§:]5c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
Jl 25W1 60; Goslings, Jl 50@l 75; Ducks, J3fi3 50
for old and J3@4 50 for young; Hens, J4<Sp;
Roosters, young, J5 50<H>«- Roosters, old, J4 2'.'B>
4 60; Fryers. J? 50; Broilers. JS 50@4 lor large,
J2 50{i3 for small; Pigeons, Jl 25@1 50 per dozen
for young and Jl 25@1 60 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Both Butter and Eggs are again higher and
firm at the advance, with light stocks.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 26®27c; seconds,
24ft25c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@24c; common
grades, 17*4® 20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lS<32oc; pickled roll,
21®21Vsc; creamery tub, 21<g>22'/ic.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16H<5 P«r
lb: Elgin, 22@22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc; old, BH®
9Hc; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc: Young America,
localise: Eastern, 12(£ 13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 25<82S>,sc per dozen; store
Eggs, 15iS21c; Eastern, 15@17H0 tor ordinary
anil 20<g22c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The wine Grapes that arrived from Antloch
brought Jls per ton.
Prices for' all descriptions remain undis
turbed as a rule and the market Is dull and
well supplied.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, J2@>3 per chest for larr* «J»d
Js<&" for small.
Figs. oOigTGc for black, double layers.
Cantaloupes, 60c'4'$l per crate; Nutmegs, 25®
60c per box; Watermelons, $15@25 per hundred
for large and 1.'.-p 12 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, B@9c per lb.
Quinces, 60@85c.
Pomegranates, nominal.
White Grapes. 2i'ff4oc per box; Black Grapes,
25®40c; Muscats, 3GCtfsoc; Seedless, ; To
kay, 3."5?50c; crates sell about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas. S-'r-rrf sl per crate.
Blackberries. $2 60<g6 per chest.
Plums, 40(560c per crate and 25@50c per box;
In bulk, $15<5 20 per ton. •
Peaches, 65(fci85c per box for good to choice
and 40fi60c for common stock.
Raspberries, J6i}/S per chest.
Applet), 3*><fr6oc for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears, $I@l 25 per box and $45@55
per ton for No. 1 and 75r<i90c per box and $35
per ton for ripe and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. Jl@l 60 for Va
lenolas. lUffl 25 for Pt. Michaels, 76c@$l for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50<g75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $2@2 50 for common and $3fis for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6®7; Califor
nia Limes, ISeMI 50: liananas. $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3<g4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
It is the man with nerve and backbone that
makes the success In life, and the remark ap
plies as well to farmers and fruit-growers as
to others. The Raisin Association made public
its prices for new raisins In New York on Tues
day, and though they were considerably higher
than buyers had expected, several hundred cars
were sold for September delivery. It never
hurts a seller to be firm.
The Santa Clara County Fruit Exchange has
issued a circular on the situation of the dried
fruit market. Growers are advised to hold
their fruit for the present, as there is a short
age In the crop all over the country and higher
prices are certain.
DRIED KRUIT — New Prune*. 6%@6c for
40-50-8, 5c fur 50-60's. 4%c for 60-70's. 3\
@4c for 70-80' s. 3Vi!33%c for 80-90' s, 2\®3c for
90- 100' « and 2Vi(g2'4c for 100-110'b; Peaches,
*%<SSMiC for choice and 9@loc for fancy;
Apricots, 91g12e9 l gl2e for Royals and 10®13c for
Moorpark; Evaporated Apples, 7%Q'7%c: sun
dried, 4@r,e; Black Figs, sacks, 2f2%c; Plums,
6fi6c for pitted and KglVic for unpltted; Necta
rines, 6@ic for prime to fancy; Pears, 7#7%c
for quarters and 8(S10c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c for three
crown, 494 c for four-crown, 4Vs^r6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Hc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; dried Graphs, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, ?.<;-(<• for hardshell, 6@7c for
Boftshell, !>%iji9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
6%c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6%@&c; Filberts, SHffflOc; Braall Nuts,
B<g9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, 9#loo for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 6%@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per It).
BEESWAX— 24<g 26c per tb.
PROVISIONa
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8%0 per !t> for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; C.allfor
nia Hams, 9V4@loc; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
bbl- extra Mess Beef, $ll!gU 50; Family Beef.
$12(fll2 iO; extra, prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
JlS'^is 00, mesa, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, 11® 12c
per n>.
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Tb
for compound and 7V4c for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c per Tb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels, "hia; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-tb
.tins. SVle.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%«?6Hc: packages
less than 300 lbs— l-n> palls, 60 in a case, 9>*c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb paile, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Tb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 Tbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 Tbs, 7%c per Tb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; ll^ht, BHc; Cow
hides, BHff9^4c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15@15He; culls and brands,
J2igl3c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; ehort
wool, 30@40c each; medium 60@80c; long wool,
90c® $1 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, 12 25 for
large and ?1<& 1 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 50<S>l 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. S'^'SShic per rb;
No. 2, 2Vi'Q'2%c; refined, 4Vi@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip, Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern, !t(??12c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', Dtfllc; San Joaquln and i
Southern, 7 months', 8igl0c; Foothill and
Northern, froe, 12-514 c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10©12 c: Middle County. 13@16c; Hum
boldt and' Mendoclno, 14@16c; Nevada, lOfflHc;
Eastern Oregon, Iv>Ci(\2q; Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS-189S crop, 10@13c; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, *%a; Wool
Bags. 26® 28c: San Quentln Bags, $4 S5: Fruit
Bags, sc, 5V4r and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7<ft%c for brown.
COAL— Cumberland Is lower again. Wel
lington. tS per ton; New Wellington,
»8; Southfleld Wellington. V 50; Seat
tle, $«; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallnend.
17 GO; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25 In
sacks; Pengeylvanla Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 person; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
QUICKSILVER— Is lower at $37 50@38 for ex
port.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7>4c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6V(.c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A. 6c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia A,
s<&c; Extra C, 5Hc; Golden C, 5%c; half bar
rels, lie more than barrels, and boxes He more.
No order taken lor less than 75 barrels or Us
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
- BEEP — First i quality, 6%c; second quality,
5%©6 c; third quality, 4%"®5c. . t. ■
•VEAL— Large, UNO; small, (.^.©Sc per lb. ■
' . MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c ; Ewes, 6<3>«Hc
per ,Ib. ■ , ■ ■•-.... : . ;., > ■...•..■•..' . -
, LAMB— Spring Lamb, 1 7V4©8c per lb.
■ PORK— Live Hogg, 3%c ■ for large, 4©4% c for
medium and 3H(t?3Vic for ■. small ; .. stock • Hogs,
2@3c; dressed H0g5,.6%@6%c.;
: RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. ■'
For Wednesday",- September 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 11,840 Wool, bales ..... 820
Barley,; ctls ..... 6,860 Hay. tons v 1,268
Cheese, ctls ..... .94 Straw, -tons ».;... . - 83
Butter, ctls ..... 175 Pelts, bdls ...... 52
Oats, ctls .:...... 2,230 Hldeu.no ;...t;v.. 103
Beans. -«Jts ...... 14S Sugar. ■ sks ...... 1.150
; Potatoes, ■ sks '.-... 4,215 Eggs, doz ....... 8,550
■ Onions, t sks .". . . ; 344 Leather, -rolls . ... --21
Bran, sks ........ 1,730 Lumber. ; ft .".....'• 20,000
Middlings, sks .. 615 Wine, gals-.. T... 5,550
Mustard, sks .... 340 • • . •
. OREGON. ; V
Wheat, ctls ..... 1,100 Oats, ctls ■'■ ....... 2,600,
Flour, qr sks ... 11,178 Hay,. tons ..:..:.. -:. 80
Barley, ctls ..... 2,650 Shorts, skc ....... ; 1,260
• Bran, uKs ■■ > 3, 600 1 Potatoes, ska ... • 245
Middlings.- sks .:.', 170! .. .-. v
; WASHINGTON. - :'■ ■' ■> • : :'-V. :
Flour, .qr sks ... ; 3,432 1 Potatoes, sks . . % . ; 200
Wheat, ctls ..... 6.770 Oats. , ctls •;;:.:.... 1,330
Barley, ctls .:;v. 4,220 Wool, bales .V... .176
Bran, sks :.'...... 1 3,400 • ' : ' .
• • ' UTAH. .
Rye, ctls ........ 620|Hay; t0n5.U1.... 10
■■" '"' " " ii'» ■' V,;.: .: •. ■■ •/.
: INSTRUMENTS. ;
' The hospital extols : the virtues of > hot
oil ;as • more > efficient than 5 boiled water
in ;<:■: sterilizing r~ instruments, ,i especially
syringes; " " Olive " oil at ■ a temperature >of
320 ito < 356 degrees >• Fahrenheit . acts l very
quickly and \ with ;■ great' power. *To '? ob
s tain complete \ sterilization of « the . instru
ments tit suffices sto • dip ' them for -an -: in
| stant s into \ the i- hot oil, and In i the * case
of- : syringes *it? is ( sufficient to •*' fill ; them
twice with oil •' at ; the ; temperature men
tioned. The temperature of the heated
oil may be determined by a thermome
ter, which certainly is the scientific way;
but Professor Wright of the Netley Hos
pital, in England, suggests the very crude
but rough and ready method of dropping
a bread crumb into the oil, which be
comes brown and crisp as soon as the
required temperature Is obtained.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a recovery In mining stocks, and
the leaders showed a marked advance over the
preceding day. The report of the different
Comstock superintendents to the executive
committee has been reclved here and is under
stood to be favorable to the deep mining prop
osition. The advance in shares Is due to this
favorable report. The executive committee
will meet at once and act upon the report.
There was the usual good business in local
securities and prices were firm as a rule.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 50
cents per share, payable September 20.
The Mayflower Gravel Mining Company of
Placer County has levied an assessment of 5
cents per share, delinquent October 10.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE!.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. H-J p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Hid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Pac L Co 4S 60
4a quar coup.. 111 %112%'s F O & E... 88 88%
4s quar rcK...llo'4mVt , San Fran .... 3% —
4s quar new... 127V»128"4 Stockton Gas.. IS —
33 nrw 104*105 Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Flrem's Fund. 2oo tlO
Cal-st Cab 6».115 116% Water Stocks—
Cal El «ps 125 — Contra Coeta.. 62% 65%
C C Wat 55...100%101% Marln Co 60 —
Dup-st tx c.t — 98^4 Spring Valley. 99%100
E L & P 68..131 — Bank Stocks—
F & Cl Ry 68.115 117% Anglo-Cal .... 62% 65
Geary-et R 5«. 93 100 Bank of Ca1.. 246 —
H C & S 4%5.100 106 Cal SD ft T.. - M
L A LCo 6».. — 100 First Nat 206 —
Do gntd 65.. 98 160 |Lon P & A....1M% —
Market-st 65.. 127 — Mer Exchange 14 —
Do Ist M 55.113%113% Nev Nat 8...161 163
Nat Yin 8e Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
N C NORy 75. 104 106* Ger S & L..1560 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 105% — Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 65.103>4106 S F Say U.. 490 600
NPC R R 53.10014 — S& L 50.... — M
N Cal R R 6s. — — Security S B 300 —
Oak Gas 5s 1"1 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 65.. 110% — Street Railroads—
"Om Ry 6s 128 130 California 108 —
P& Cl Ry 65. 106 — Oeary 40 —
P & O 6s 113H — Market-st 64% $4%
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Presidio 9 —
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder-
Sac El Ry 58.100 — California — 160
SF & N P 85.108%109% E Dynamite... 87 96
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 49% 50
S P of Ar 65..108%108% Vlgorlt 2>4 *%
S P Cal 6s 112% — Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 6s. 102 — Al Pac A55n..102%103%
S P Br 6s 118%119% Ger Ld Wk5..140 —
S V Wat 65... 116% — IHana P C 0.... 18% 13%
S V Wat 45... 103 103V4 H C ft S Co.. 27Ti 28
Stockton Ga5.. 102 — Hutch S P Co. 68% 59
Gas & Electric— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent Gaslight. los — Nat Yin 65... — 8
Cent L & P... 7% 9% Oceanic S Co. 56% 57%4
Mutual El Co. 10 13 Pacific AF A. 1%, V/k
Oakland Gas.. 52% 63 Pao Bot C 0... — 105
Pac Gas Imp.. 88% — Par Paint Co. T —
Morning Session.
10 Qtant Powder Con 4f 75
20 Hutchinson 8 P Co 68 S7V4
90 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 75
65 Presidio Railway 9 00
60 R F Gas & Electric Co 88 12%
163 Spring Valley Water 100 00
$SOOO Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
$3000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 119 00
Street-^
75 Market-street Railway 54 25
«0 Spring Valley Water 100 00
Afternoon Session.
15 Giant Powder Con 49 75
10 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
10 do do 18 25
80 do do 1» 37%
CO Hawaiian Commercial St Sugar 27 76
46 do do 28 00
25 do do b 10 28 00
20 Hutchinson 8 P Co 68 87%
25 do do b 30 59 00
JMOO Market-street Ry Con Bonds 6s 113 75
$500 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 104 75
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 102 75
10 Presidio Railway 8 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlns Session.
BO Spring Valley Water 100 00
68 8 F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
60 Market-street Railway 64 37%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 75
75 do do 27 87%
Afternoon Session.
85 S F Gaa & Electric Co 88 J5
22 Spring Valley Water 99 87%
60 Hutchinson S P Co 68 76
100 do do s 30 £8 50
S3 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnz Session.
100 Andes 13 400 Mexican 25
100 Belcher IS 200 Occidental 88
100 Best & Belcher. 34 700 Ophlr 65
100 83 100 66
200 Caledonia 30 700 Overman 06
60 29 400 Potosl 23
800 Choi lar 20 200 24
200 Con Cal & Va... 76 200 Savage 19
200 76 100 Sierra Nevada... 80
50 77 200 81
200 Con Imperial ... 01 300 Silver Hill 10
100 Confidence 45 1000 Union Con 24
200 Crown Point ... 19 100 Utah 08
600 Gould & Curt-y.. 28 100 Yellow Jacket... 27
100 Hale & Norcross SI
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha 041400 Justice 14
600 Alta 10 200 Mexican 28
300 11700 23
100 Andes .. 14 100 N G & C 19
400 Belcher 22 350 Ophlr 60
300 Best & Belcher. 39 200 61
300 40 50 64
500 Bullion 04 lOOOverman 06
100 Caledonia 3P 100 Potoai 26
900Chollar 2" 200 Savage ...' 20
300 Con Cal & Va... 9i 100 19
200 9' 300 Seg Belcher 04
300 91 300 Sierra Nevada... 86
150 91100 87
2000 Con Imperial ... 01 500 Union Con 20
600 Con New York.. 03 300 Utah 10
400 Crown Point .... 20 300 Yellow Jacket... 2S
100 19 100 29
600 Gould A Curry. 30
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
500 Alta 09|700 Mexican 25
1300 Ande« 14 500 27
800 13 200 26
200 Belcher 20 900 Ophlr 56
400 19 300 55
250 Best & Belcher. 35 200 64
700 33 300 57
600 Bullion 04 200 68
. 400 Challenge Con... 20 ISO 59
600 Chollar 20 1100 Potosl 23
500 21300 24
600 Con Cal & Va... 79 1200 Savage 19
800. 74 400 20
100 Confidence E0 60 Sierra Nevada .. 88
500 Con Imperial ... 03 300 81
600 Crown Point ... 17 250 88
300 18 1500 Union Con 23
1500 Gould & Curry. 3S 1000 Utah 08
800 Justice IS 600 Yellow Jacket... 25
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 14 700 Gould & Curry... 28
600 Belcher 22 500 27
200 21300Ophlr 68
400 Best & Belcher. 37 600 .' 60
600 38 400 61
800 Challenge Con... 20 600 Overman 07
600 Chollar 22 1200 Potosl 25
700 Con Cal & Va... 85 700 Savage 20
400 90 400 19'
1100 91 600 Beg B & M 04
200 92 600 Sierra Nevada... 85 i
400 Confidence 61 300 Union Con 25
600 Con New York.. 03 200 24
500 Crown Point ... 201500 Utah 09
500 Justico 13l SOO Yellow Jacket... .27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 13 14
Alta 11 12 Kentuck 02 00
Andes 13 14 Lady Wash ... — 05
Belcher 20 21 Mexican 27 28
Benton Con 06 0E Occidental 89 —
BeHt & Belcher 37 3S Ophlr 61 62
Bullion 04 t>s Overman 06 07
Caledonia .:.... 30 31 Potosi 23 25
Chollar 22 24 Savage 18 19
Challenge Con. 20 21 Scorpion 03 —
Confidence 50 — Seg Belcher ... — 04
Con Cal & Va. 92 93 Sierra Nevada. 85 87
Con Imperial .. — 02 liver Hill — 13
Crown Point ... 19 20 Syndicate — 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard 155 —
Exchequer 02 05 Union -on 25 26
Gould & Curry. 27 28 Utah 09 10
Hale & Norcrs. 80 84 Yellow Jacket. 26 27
Julia 02 08
TBS - CATX'S CAI.ENDAIC '
■ September. 18M.
Mooaa
»
i
M, September 1.
•Si : New Moon. |
September IS.
IS
"a"
»
»
i
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and saJl
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times- and Heights of High and Low
Waters it Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street v.'harf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same nt both places.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 15. '
Sun rise* 5 :51
Sun sets ; c . 18
Moon rises 5:28 a, m
[Time]
1 Feet.
H Wi
4::
4:1
5::
6:
10::
11::
11::
4.9
4.9
i
1.
2.
2.
12
1
1:
6.2| 7
6.4| 7;
5.6| 8
0.2
0.1
0.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide nf
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three. tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign C— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, XT. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cai , SeD
temher 13, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. "WELCH
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Crescent City... I
0rizaba. ........ |
Charles Nelson. ■
Wellington
("Yrscont Clty...iO»scent City ...
Orizaba I Humboldt
Charles Nelßon.' Humboldt
WelllnKton jDeparture Bay '.
EUhuThomps'n Tacoma
Coos Hay Newport "i
Signal Grays Harbor '.'..'.'
Arcata Coos Bay
National City... Portland "
Mlneola 'Tacoma
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland ....'.'A
Navarro 'Yaqulna Bay *
Washtenaw (Tacoma
Bertha St. Michael '.""
Tltanla [Nanaimo \
Bristol Departure Bay ....
Scotia Humboldt
North Fork IHumboldt ...'.'.]
Weeott Humboldt
Corona San Diego .....'
Australia Honolulu
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound
Pomona Humboldt
Starbuck Panama
Progreso I Seattle
Homer [Newport 
Columbia I Port land
Alameda Sydney
Santa Rosa 'San Diego
Cv racao | Tacoma
State California' Portland I
|Sept.ls
Sept. ls
Sept. ls
Sept. 15
i Sept. 15
Sept. l 6
Sept. l 9
Sept. 18
Sept. 16
Sept. 16
!Sept.l7
'Sept. l 7
[Sept. 17
Sept. 18
Sept. lß
Sept. 18
Sept. 18
i Sept. lß
ISept.lS
Sept. 13
Sept.W
Sept. l 9
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
Sept. a)
Sept. 2o
Sept. 21
Sept. 22
Sept. 22
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Pier.
Porte.
ldt ....
:Sept. 13. 9 am Pier 20
Sept. 16, 10 am Pier 9
Sept. 16, llamiPier 11
Sept. 16. 10 am.Pier 12
Sept. 17, 1 pmIPMSS
Sept. 18, 9 am| Pier 11
ISspt. 18,10 amjPler 9
jSept. IS, 5 pm;Pi<?r 13
'Sept. 18, 10 am, Pier 11
|Sept. 19, 10 am Pier li
'Sept. 19, 12 mjPMSS
(Sept. 20, 10 am,' Pier 13
ISept. 20. 11 am Pier 11
|Sept. 20, 9 am Pier 13
Sept.2l
Sept. 22, 10 am I Pier 24
Sept. 22. 9 am|Pler 11
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 12
;g0.....
of Cal l
d.
c .
Bay...
:111a ..
hina&Japan:
Newport
•ie & Prt Sd. |
aquina Bay. j
[exlco i
rro ...
ho
ba ....
O. W. Elder,
ortland |
Colon
Arcata
Corona
Chilkat ....
Signal
Columbia ..|
Homer |
'anama '
ooa Bay I
in Tl'..er,> I
an XJiegro
'umboldt ...'.
[Portland j
Newport |
BHIPPINO INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 14.
U S stmr Mohican, Book, 22 days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander, 59% hours from
Ban Diego, etc.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 14 hours from Albion
• Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. 57 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 81 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 47Vi hours from Coos
Bay.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobson, 27 days from Mahu
kona.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 2*i days frm Coqullle
River.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 14.
Br bark Inverurle, Charleson, Portland; J J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 14.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro.
Stmr Weeott, Hlgglns, Eureka.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr 'Unitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, Ventura,
Ship Occidental, Bennett. Puget Sound.
Schr Ralph J Long, Grugcel, Sluslaw River.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, Coqullle River.
Schr Neptune, Estvold.
Schr Montere Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept. 14, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Otterspool loads wheat at Portland for
Europe.
SPOKEN.
July 6—54 S 64 W, Br ship Argo, from Ant
werp, for Oregon.
July 6—54 S 64 W, Br ship Garsdale, from
Antwerp for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 14— Bktn
Chas F Crocker, for Chemainus. -
Arrived -Sept 14— Br ship Nellie Troop, from
Port Blakeley for Buenos Ayres.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Arcata, he
Sept 11.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 14— Schr Muriel , for
Sydney.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 14— Br
ship Gulf Stream, from London.
COLUMBIA RlVEß— Arrived off port Sept 13
— Br bark Forthbank, from Girgenti.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 14— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 14— Stmr Oriaaba, for
San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Scot 14— Stmr Green;
wood, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 14 — Schr R W
Bartlett, for Tacoma.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 14— Br bark Lord
Kinnard, from Saigon; Br bark Forthbank frm
Sicily.
Sailed Sept 14— Br brk Glenmark, for Queens
town.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Cottage
City, from Alaska. 14— Schr Golden Gate, frm
CookH Inlet.
Sailed Sept 13— Stmr City of Topeka, for
Alaska. 14— Ship Eclipse, for San Francisco
VENTURA— SaiIed Sept 14— Stmr Newsboy
for San Franclpco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 14— Bktn Tarn
o' Shanter. hence Aug 23.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept 14— Stmr Newburg
for Ventura.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 14— Schr Fortuna, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 14— Schr Azalea, fm San Diego.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Alllanca
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 14— Br
stmr Empress of Japan, from Vancouver
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 14— Ger ' ship
Alice, for CardlfT.
NAGASAKI— In port Aug 13— Dutch bark
Pax. for Puget Sound.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 12— Br bark Zlnlta,
from Oregon.
QUEENRTOWN— Arrived Sept 12— Ger bark
Pallas, from Vancouver.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, *9:CO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45.
3:46, 6:15, »G:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. »10:00. '11:30 a. m.; •Uli.
3:00, »4:30. 0:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:2S, »6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a_ m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, »10:00. *U:55 a. m.; "1:15,
•3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.; 12:35.
2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
S: a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
BAILBO AD TBAVBL.
SOUTH KUS fAl'iril' CO»PIXT.,
(PACIFIC KVSTKM.I ..•;•; ,~-, -
Trnln. I«i»t« vii.l nrr <!■■« to arrive at
HAX trUAtti IM O.
, (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
"* TK — From Sept. 10. 1898. — iitWTB .
' *2 ! A Mll6M 116 ? 1 . Ba 2 JoBe » nd w »r Stations... •8:454.
-«!!*• enicla - kuiAun «nd Sacramento. . . . 10j43a
4 :OOa. MarysriUe, Oroville »nd Redding Tit,
z;22 A wooalauu andßAm^.::::: Bi43p
4 :3Oa Martinez. San Ramon, Valleio N»p»,
,, Mi p»"ftog» and SanU Ros» .71 titST
8< Oa Atla " ItIC1 tIC hxpnw, Og*M »nd Kast.. Si43p
JiiJOA San .lose, Mtocktoii, Valley Bprine.
lone. _Saorameuto. M«ry»»llle, . * .
"m «« _Chlco. Tehama ami Re,l 111n1t.... 4ilHr
.2'™* VV ™ n> Oak<uie » nd Jamestown.... 7:111*
•»:«»OA. Blilton.i.,. *7i13»
»iO»a New Orleans Kipress. Merced. 'Kresl
no, Bakerslield. Santa llail.ara.
Jkis Aii»«-lf«. Dernii.K, Xl Paso.
New Orleans and East..... Qi4!)*
. 1O:OOa. Vallejo,- Martinez and Way Stations 7i45p
*l:OOp Sacramento i!l»er Steamers.... . 'UiOOp
. I :OOp Mies. San Jose and Way Station*..'. 1 1 :43a.
. San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... } »i I 3a.
3:00p LiTrrmore, Mecdota, Uanford and
VisaUa 4il3p
, Live miore, Sao Jose, Niles and Way
Stations........ ;lOi; IOi 1 3 i.
4:OOr Martinez. Han Kanioii. Vallejn •
Napa, (.'nliiitoga, Xl Verano and
Santa Uosn... »: 1 0 a
4ioor Benioia, Vacarille, Woo ill and,
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
Tills and Macraniento I*:49a
4i3Or NUes, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 3p
4<3op Stockton andLodl .....: l*:l3r
4iBUp Lathrop, Modesto, Fresno, Mojave,
. , Santa Barbara and !.<>• Angeles Ti4Sa ' '
4:30p Martinex, Meroed (Raymond for
Vosemltp, Monday, Wednesday •
and Friday) and Fre5n0........... 18:1 3p
4iilop Santa Kit Jto-.iLe. Atlantic Kipresi
for Mojafe and Kast..... 6t43p
. OiOOpKiiropeanMall, Og.len and Kast.... oi4Ha
•«:OOr Vallejo .."... 18:l3p
OtOOr llatwaril*. Nlles and San Jos 7i43a
J7:oor Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»i43p
SiOOr Oregon Kxprcnii.Haoraniento. Marys.
• ills. Iti.l.liiiK. I'ortlaixl, I'iiffek
■5.»n,..t ai,,l Kant »tI BA
Sl> IitIA.MiUO~A.Mt lIAVWAUDS LOt'AU
' (Foot of Market Street.) ■
"I Helro'r. Seminar/ I'ark, 7
BiOOa Kltrhbars;, X I mini rut. .I 1 ! 11 *
<9:0»A Sum l.mn.lrn, South Han : 1?*
io.ooa Uwidro, Fjitndlllo, \V,ilt
.'«& I-ren.o Cherr, ' •• ™&
3>o«p „ nVi ■ t*l**T
7i«Op llaynards. (3t43p
" vv * < Runs through to Nile*. 7:43p
J I From Niles. ; [ -y •
lOAVI DIVISION (Narrow (•■as/e). ~~
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
$7:4."Ja Santa Cms Kicurslon, Bant* Crux """
and Principal Way Stations »03 p
Si 1 3 a Newark, CentcrrUle, San Jose, Felton, j "
Boulder Creek, Santa CW and Way . '
BUtlons v BtOOp
•S: 1 3p Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose. New
. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek;
Santa Cruz and Principal War
Stations *IOiBOa '
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood* Way Stations 0:80 a
q4:l.tp Boulder Creak »nd SarUCrni JUiZmn •
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. •
Turn FRANCISCO — Foot »f Kirket Strut (giii I)— ' '
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:00 , *3:00 t3:09
 »4:00 19:00 •B:Mr.M.
rrtnOllUll— r«ot Bre«dw«T.— '(l:oo 8:00 lOiCOa.M.
_ tlS:0O *1:00 t':o3 ' *3:00 - }i:00 '8.00 P.M.
" COAST l»l VISION (Broad Hanje). ~
(Third and Townsend Sta.) ' • *
•7:OOa San .Wo h.,,1 \V»7 HUtlons (New '
Almadeii Wednesdays only) li9Oi>
17:30 a Sunday Rxcurslon for Ban Jose,
' Santa Cruz, ' Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Station {SiSOr
•:OOi Han .Tone, Trea I'hios, Kanta Cms,
Paciric (JroTe, Paso Rubles, San .
Lnis <)l.is|<n. Quadalupe, Surf and
Prlnolpal Way. Stations 4ilOr
Ioi4Oa San Jose ami Way Stations 'SiOOa
lIiSOa San Jose ami Way .Stations attB3Aa tt83A
**:43r San Metro. Redwood, Msnlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jos«, ,
Uilroy, Hollister. Santa Crux, '
Salinas, Monterey and 1 Faclft* ■ ■. ..•
drove •1«i3«4
. *Bt Bo p San .lose and Way Stations •*:«<» a
*-i:l3p Kan Jose and Principal Way Station* Oi43a
*3:O«p San Joss and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3i3or San.lose and Principal Way Station* S:3Or
n::illr San Jos* ami Way .stations ..... 7i3or
<Hi4sp San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... 7:30p
A for Morning. . ', P for Afternoon. .
•Sundays excepteil. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturd«yg and Snndart.
(AM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO :TO SAN RAFAEL.
j WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 1:00. 11:00 a. m . ; 13:35,
3 ; 30 Vi 5:10. i 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
and 11*30 m. Saturdays— trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 230
5:00. 8:20 p. m. • ■ .
. SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO ' : ■■ '
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO/ 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:46 '
3:40,-6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. - 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1-40
I 5:00, 6:25 p. m. - v -,. . '.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above. ' ; . - ■ ■
<■■'■ Leave . . . j Arrive ■.-.
San Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco. •
! '■ June 29. -_
Week J Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. > Destination. ' days. Days. '
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, jlt:4oam B:4oam
■3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 am
s:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton, ■■ ;
7:3oam •" Windsor, • 10:26 am
Healdsburg, '
Lytton.
I Geyserville, . . .
2:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm B:22pm
'7:30 am Hopland and ' 10:25 am
3:3opm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am . ' < • 10:£ jam
8 :00 am GuernevUle. 7:35 pm - -•
3:30 pm ,6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and '
s:lo pmi s:oopm] Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00am{ Sebastopol. jl0:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-,
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at . Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, . Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs,- Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs;, at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side. - Lierley's Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Orr'sHot Springs, Men- .
doclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip ■ tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids;. :
A. W. FOSTER, " . R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. : Agt.
Santa Feßoute 1
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
fevery Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
■ and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
:•:-■'. Ran on the Following Time I --
,>aTe San FranclBco.4:3o p. m..' S.M.T.W.T.F4 m
Arrive Denver........*:00 p. m., W.T.F.8.5.M.T,.
JLrrlv. Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W. , -
Arrive Bt. Louis. 6:15 p. m.. T.F.8.8.M.T.W.
krrlve . Chicago .9:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W. .
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior MeaU at Very Reasoa*
able Rates.
you WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa.
til FRAICISCQ TICKET GFriCt — Mißttl vsl,iv $I,i
TELEPHONE MAIN ISO.
ftkltnd Office— lllB Broadway.
, • ■■ ... Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. ;
j Baa. 0203—7 West Santa ; 01ut> 8W
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. 1838.' rains will run as follows:
South-bound. ;~ - North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. v, iT .j PP..,_o ..,_
■ ger.-' Sunday • . . Sunday ecr •
Dally.' Exc'ptd ._ .Stations. lx"p^ pliiy. /-.
v?n^iS : ?2 am ■' Stockton "■■■- 3:45pm s:4opm
in: »m ? : -i Pm -Merced 12:50 3:53
Il^Vflm li- pm Fresno 9:3oam 2:?opm
»."i?S m i? : pm Hanford . 7:45 am 1:25 pm
lin^i I l : r2 pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am 10:15 am
pm 7:50 pm ; Vlsalla y 6:40 am \ 12:55 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. .
r5i < l '^ nec i °X. s At Stockton with steamboats of
California ■ 1 Navigation I and ; Improvement Com- . '
■ pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at «
Si;™;^^^y-, excepting Sunday from San Fran- '■'•
Cisco: ■■, at • Merced with - stages to and .-; from
°J}f »! n f 8 - Coultervtlle. : Yosemite, - etc.: also
t t' st^ c ' from : Hornitos,; Mariposa. etc : at ..
. n _ sh _! m with stage to and rom Madera. ■-■ ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
I . '" t (.Via- fiausalito.; Ferry.) ;,.•■■.,
j •_ Leave San ■ Francisco, commencing > Sunday,
Sept.jll.asss: •..,-• . ■ ( C>- -.-.-■•
\Veek'l,ays— 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.. .
V Sundays— 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:13 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. - , •
- THOS. v : COOK & • SON, Agents, '■ 611 J Market
street."; San *, Francisco-" ." -ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CONFESSION
OF A MAN
WHO FLED
Ernest Jones Tells of
Many Plots.
COULD NOT RESIST LOVE
MET HIS WIFE WHILE SHE WAS
A CHURCH SINGER.
The Disbarment Proceedings Against
Attorney Hutchinson Are
Dismissed by Judge
Hall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 14.
The disbarment proceedings brought
against Attorney Joseph Hutchinson pro
duced a sensation this morning such as is
rarely heard in a court of law. The pro
ceedings arise out of the alleged murder
of Annie Johnson a year ago, the divorce
proceedings brought by Gertrude Jones
against her husband, Ernest Jones, and
the subsequent scandal revealed in a suit
over a note In which several attorneys
axe interested.
Ernest Jones would have been the most
Important witness in the case could he
be reached, but he fled East, and has sent
a full confession and life history to Attor
ney HutchJnson. Jones is facetious, and
he headed his peculiar story. "A Short
History of Some Deeds, Wise and Un
wise."' He proceeds to tell of his early
education and his attendance at cnurch
and Sunday-school, but says he inherited
the habit of lying and has always told
the most absuru falsehoods without the
least cause. Regarding- his engagement
to Gertrude Jones, he says:
I saw Gertrude singing In the choir and Im
mediately made up my mind that if I ever
married she was to ■bo the one. I knew my
weakness and fought against it, and many
were the struggles I had , with myself, as 1
knew I ought not to- marry any one until I
had conquered my habit. But my love for her
finally got the best of me, and we became en
gaged under false j colors, for I had magnified
my own position most wonderfully. 1 always
was what people dolled queer and did not care
for company. Finally - one ■ day I coold not
stand .the false colors under which I was sail-
Ing and! told Gertrude all the truth about my
self and, family, and she helping me I made
a desperate effort to reform.
We were .married. '.I was absolutely correct
when I was married and remained so for ten
years.. At that time we had moved' to Frank
lin street, and I had' taken up with ' a former
friend— a certain . Harry . Beatty, who was ' a
past master in the ways of the world. I com
menced to emulate his deeds and he abetted
my efforts. Up to this time I had absolutely
tried to do right in every way, but from about
September, 1596, I commenced to go down hill
rapidly, and as 1 drank more I had less and
less conscience, until I was no better than
the lowest.
I never knew to a certainty whether I was
responsible 't or the Annie Johnson affair. Tour
Inquiries have probably made this point clear;
at any rate I happened to be one picked out
as a victim, whether by the lawyers that de
fended me or not I could never tell, but they
were all unprincipled robbers and stooped to
any. means to get money out of me.
From that time my many troubles com
menced, and I had to borrow from whom I
could. I became more and more careless un
til finally -I met this Mrs. "leary-For
■•stei combination, a frTend of Franco<rur, a i
running mate to another girl who Is companion
to the older Beatty. Then my troubles were
terrible: but this Cabrerra business Is absolute
ly false. I just hated the sight of that girl,
and how she got mixed up In this affair as a
co-respondent I cannot tell, unless It was be
cause H. M. F. got mad at me when I left
her and got her chum, this Cabrerra.
Qlrls like that demand money, and I was
weak Cool enough not to see the end and kept
borrowing until the amount I owed just ap
palled me. The subterfuges and means em
ployed to ralso the money you are aware of.
I find that since January, 1897, I have bor
rowed about $3700, and I expect It will take
me 'at least ten • years to pay It back, for I
mean to turn over a new leaf and try and do
right and return these men their money.
Accompanying the letter was a confes
sion going Into the details of his friend
ship with Annie Johnson and Attorney
Beatty, who Is one of those now attempt-
Ing to disbar Hutchinson. Regarding his
dealings with Annie Johnson, who was at
that time but 13 years old, he says:
It Is ' sufficient to say that I had become
well acquainted with Annie Johnson and that
about the same time I took up and became very
•chummy with Henry Beatty. He was what I !
learned to call a sport. In a quiet way. and we
began to run together. This was between t. .
and three months before Gertrude went to the
sanitarium. I told him about Annie Johnson ■,
and he asked me to let him see her, or I
asked him— at any rate we met her several
times. - -V. -••
I said. "Harry Beatty. I do not think I am !
the guilty party, but 1 cannot have my name '
connected with- this case on Gertrude's ac- !
count, so. fix it up to the best of your ability." ]
So he said- all right, he knew a man in Oak
land who could help us, but that 1 It was all
nonsense about my not being guilty, and I had i
given her the money, any way. and that would
put me In Jail for life. ■ I said, 'Harry Beatty, j
guilty- or not guilty, I must keep this from my !
family He said. "It will cost lots of dough;
have you any?" I said, not very much. He ,
said: "Can you get any from Gertrude?"
I said I could If it was absolutely necessary.
I was Just- crazy with excitement, as they ;
made me believe that If It was nut for them '
I should go to Jail Immediately. I paid them
down, all to Harry Beatty tor retainer; Beat
ty is. Beatty. $150; Franooeu \ $150; man In Oak
land whose name I forget, {100; and all their
dally expenses, for which I had an itemized
account from 'Harry Beotty. which Included all i
their car fare, meals, money claimed to have i
been spent, money to' Hulda for clothes and ex
penses and b^nds to get her. out of Jail; same
for Howard.: all the court expenses, copies of I
testrm«ny. buying Jurors, etc., ■ etc. They,
through Harry Beatty, charged me every cent
any one of the three spent during the time
Harry Beatty employed them. (I paid In odd
■urns from' 325 up to. $200 'or ' 1300 . every - few
days.) iiy recollection is that it was about
$40 a day on an average.
I am under the impression that they gouged
Dr. Sharp, "an they knew about his treatment
of Hulda, Annl« Johnson, having told Harry
Beatty and they seemed to have the wrlole
crowd -so compJetely under their thumb that
I besran to mistrust and come to ask your ad
vice.:.- ■ . ... ,- ,- ■ ' • :;; •• . • .
After some argument by counsel, Judge
Hall stated that it was quite Impossible
to discover anything definite or reliable
from the mass of contradictory evidence,
and ordered the disbarment proceedings
dismissed. . ' . -".,
Thomas Cruse Considered Insane.
OAKLAND, Rfpt. H.— Thomas Cruse,
a strunger Ir-re, from appearance about
40 years of age, was arrested at the pier
this morning and placed in the care of
Dr. Keating, keeper of the insane at the
Receiving Hospital. He was fuund wan
dering about at the pier In a demented
condition, and will be examined by the
Lunacy Commissioners to-morrow morn
ing- at 10 o'clock. He gave his name as
Tabore, ,«avn he is a carpenter by occu
pation, resides in San Francisco, and has
a brother living in Montana. Aside from
these facts he rrfuse.s to give any Infor
mation concerning himself.
Watch Thief Convicted.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— Th* Jury In the
of the people against " Thomas
Hums, charged with grand larceny,
brought in a verdict of guilty this after
noon In Judge Ellsworth's court. Burns
was charged with mealing five' gold
watches from the Jewelry store of J M
M<-Kean, Park street, Alameda, about
Mx months ago. He will be sentenced
i-pxt Wednesday.
Meadors Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— James N. Mea
dora, charged with murdering his tent
mate, Jonas LL T r>, last month at Camp
Barrett, was arraigned In Judge Ells
worth's court this morning. He had no
attorney, however, and the court, at the
prisoner's request, gave him one wer-k
in which to secure one
Senator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
In next Sunday's Call.
SHE DID NOT
LOVE BENEDICT
Corsets and Hypnotics
Cause a Row.
DISCOVERY OF A MEDIUM
MRS. VEF-MILYEA BELIEVES
SHE IS LUCKY.
Warned in Time Not to Let Her
Money Pass Into the Hands
of Her Late
Partner.
Oakland Office Son Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Sept. 14.
In the Police Court this morning Mrs.
Vermilyea, the manufacturer of a patent
corset, won a victory over, her late part
ner, J. Benedict. Mrs. X Vermilyea was
j accompanied by Miss J. Dwyer, a spirit
! ualistic medium through whom Mrs. Ver
\ milyea says she learned of vie treachery
of her late partner.
Mrs. Vermilyea tells a most romantic
i story, which is rendered the more interest
! ing because of the fact that Mr. Benedict,
j who attempted to pose as her lover, is a
! married man, and a lady, alleged to be
' his wife, is now traveling from Nebraska
to Join him.
"Benedict," said Mrs. Vermilyea,
"thinks I am in love with him, but that
jis not true. We were business partners,
i and while thus engaged he went to Miss
| Dwyer and asked her to hypnotize me by
i holding his thoughts over me so that he
' would be enabled to obtain a financial ad
• vantage over me. Miss Dwyer refused 10
'■ do any such thing, and very properly con
fided to me the little scheme which Mr.
i Benedict had put up. I have not a par^
i tide of love for him and never did have:
' Our relations have been purely financial
: and he appropriated much material when
' we parted, for which I am now suing him.
i He has expressed a willingness to return
everything and if he brings back what I
j demand the proceedings will be stopped.
"Some time ago," said Miss Dwyer, to-
I day "Mr. Benedict came to me and told
me that Mrs. Vermilyea had money and
: that if he could induce her to put It into
the business she could reap a substantial
! benefit. He told me he had tried In vain
ito hypnotize Mrs. Vermilyea and asked
:me if I would undertake the task. He
tried to obtain from me a pledge that I
' would not mention his visit to me to Mrs.
Vermilyea, but I gave him no satisfaction.
' I later told Mrs. Vermilyea o. his plan.
! He told me he was trying to make her
! believe that he would marry her, and that
she believed him. He also confided to me
i the fact that he had a wife and that his
j sole purpose in going into the corset busi-
I ness was to make money. He confided to
i me a great deal more than I dare tell.
The search warrant proceedings will be
disposed of in the Police Court to-morrow
morning. Although Benedict is willing to
give Mrs. Vermilyea all the satisfaction
she desires he does not admit the truth
of the story about his attempts to exer
j cisc hypnotic powers over his late part-
I ner.
■ ♦ .
VALUE OF ATTENTION.
Professor James' Lecture Before the
Teachers' Institute.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— The subject of
Professor William James' lecture before I
the Alameda County Teachers' Institute \
to-day was "Attention," as applied to i
pupils, and the ability of teachers to
ox'-ite this quality In school children. |
He said in part: "Voluntary attention j
is not logically continuous. Showers of j
irrelevant ideas are constantly c.oss-
Ing the center of the field of conscious
ness. The field should produce Its own
associates. Some minds are focalized.
Others cannot be concentrated upon the
idea in the center of the field, but are
occupied with meteoric showers ef no
tions which make them forget the main
pub.iect. They are scatter brained.
"if rtally interested in a subject the
mind will always return to It and finally
learn It. When a pupil's interest is ex
cited by a previous interest it does not
follow that he gives his attention with
out effort. It requires a great deal of
voluntary action. Get the pupil to think
it worth while to conquer a subject and
you have his attention. The teacher
should watch the occasions when the pu
pil lacks interest and then cause him to
lix his attention."
. ♦ ■
W. I. COLBY DIVORCED.
A Separation Granted on the Ground
of Desertion.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Judge Hall to
day granted a divorce to W. I. Colby, the
German teacher, from Carrie E. Colby on
the ground of desertion. Colby testified
at the hearing this morning that he had
been married in 1875. and that suddenly
about a year ago his wife refused to live
with him any longer, the cause of which
he had been unable to learn. He inti
mated, however, that a certain Instructor
who had rooms in the house was resnon
slble for the wife's actions.
Professor Colby has purchased a ticket
for New York, and will aepart thither
next week.
LEWIS WANTS A DIVOBCE.
Sequel to a Becent Affair at the Chat-
eau at Piedmont.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Joseph F. Lewis,
through his attorneys, Chapman & Brad
ley, to-day filed suit for divorce from his
wife, Gertrude Lewis, alleging desertion
as the cause of action.
This Is the sequel to an exciting affair
which would have caused a tragedy at
the chateau at Piedmont a few days ago
but for the timely interference of a dep
uty sheriff. Mrs. Lewis. A. E. Harris, a
local salesman; the officer and Lewis
were the principal actor? In the affair.
Association Wins.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Judge Hall has
given Judgment in fnvor of plaintiff In
the .suit of the Oakland Building and
Loan Association against William H. Mc-
Grath and W. F. O'Banion. The suit
was brought In October, 1597, and threat
ened the disruption of the association.
Several members banded together and
drew up denunciatory rr-solutlons and
refused to comply with the alleged exces
sive demands for payments. They have
lout their case.
Mother Sues Daughter.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Mrs. Mamie C.
Bacon to-day brought suit against E. R.
and Julia B. Marriot for the recovery of
certain household property and furniture
valued at $1600, and located .at 2225 San
Jose avenue, Alameda, which she claims
the defendants wrongfully withheld from
her She also asks for damages in the
sum of $250. ' The suit is a sequel to the
old Bacon divorce and family troubles.
Mrs. Julia B. Marriot Is Mrs. Bacon's
daughter.
Rifled Doctors' Offices.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— Charles Fenton
Clark has been arrested on suspicion that
he is the person who has been visiting the
offices of well-known physicians lately and
stealing ar.vthing he could carry away.
Tn his iiosseVslon were found a dictionary'
and a variety of surgical tools which the
prisoner admits he helped himself to.
cirk pretends to be a doctor, and claims
that he was once a candidate for Coroner
in an Eastern town.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Ann Eliza Clark,
through her attorneys. Halpin & Evans,
to-day filed suit for a divorce from An-
A^decree of final distribution has been
entered by Judge Ellsworth in the estate
of Eliza A. Tompklns, valued at $13,500.
The beneficiaries are Mary B. Pratt.
Johr W Tompkine. Sarah C. Hatch of
Oakland. Ira Tompkins and Albert Tomp
klns of Troy, New York-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
MARTIN WELSH
IS A VICTIM
His Divorce Due to His
Mother-in- Law.
WAS ASKED TO BE SILENT
HIS WEALTHY YOUNG WIPE
LURED FROM HIM.
Although Poor He Says He Would
Willingly Have Provided for
His Wife and
Baby.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 14.
Martin Welch, the young husband who
was divorced yesterday from Miss Lena
Palmtag, the young wealthy lady with
whom he eloped a year ago, is not satis
fled with. the statement of the case as It
appeared in the court. The young ex
husband says that in spite of his up h f !l
flght to make hl6 way in the world !t
v.oulc have been all right but for Jsie
mother-in-law in the case.
Mr. Welch has prepared the following
statement of the romance which is now
ended '
An article appeared in The Call this morn
ing stating that Lena Welch had secured a dt
vorce from Martin Welch on the ground of
failure to provide. As 1 had not appeared In
the court to answer the charge on account of
the pleadings of my wife to remain away my
side of the story has not appeared In print.
When we returned home a few days after
our marriage on the 27th of May, 18J7, a woman
came to my residence In Hn.ywa.rcls named
Mrs. Butte and requested my wife to go to her
mother at once, as she was nulte ill. My wife
agreed to go If I would accompany her, as
she feared the WTath of her folks If she went
alone. That evening I went to her home and
was greeted in a friendly manner, her people
wishing me the blessings of a happy life.
We were Invited to ea.ll the next evening,
and my wife's mother requested me to let her
stay a few days with her as she was quite
111. I agreed and she remained at her parents'
home several weeks. During that time her
folks had endeavored to Influence her to leave
me and had endeavored to poison her mind
with ghastly stories of ill will which would be
brought to bear on her future happiness. How
ever, she returned to me and we went to San
Francisco and were living haTpllv together till
we were visited by her mother, who Influenced
h<r to return home again never to return to
me.
The article In this morning's paper stated
that Mrs. Welch, tired of •—•ing; to Induce her
husband to support her, had finally brought
suit for divorce.
I deslr" to announce that I would have en
deaveored to do my best for her and my child
but never had the opportunity, as I could not
Orercome the Influence of her folks, who are
directly the cause of this separation.
I do not desire to make amends for myself,
but being blessed with good health, I am fully
capable of earning a livelihood, and would have
d^ne so for my wife arv' child were I given
the opportunity. MARTIN WELCH.
i■ ♦ ■
UNIVERSITY EXTENSION WORK.
Popular Lectures to Be Given in San
Francisco by Berkeley
Professors.
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— The university
extension department of the University
of California has prepared a series of
lectures to be delivered in San Francieco
soonj by members Of the Berkeley fac
ulty. They are Intended to be as popu
lar as their nature will allow, and no
fee of any kind will be charged. They
are all to be given at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art, corne.r of California and
Mason streets. The list includes the fol
lowing:
Lectures on China— By Professor John Fryer;
Saturday mornings, beginning October 6. at
lfl:30 o'clock. The titles of these lectures are:
"The Government -and Laws of China"; "Edu
cation In China"; "The Productions and Com
merce of China"; "Home and Social Life In
China"; "The War Between China and Ja
pan"; "The Outlook for China."
Mathematics— Six lectures by Associate Pro
fessor Haskell; subject. "The Theory of Kqua
tions, Based on the Theory of Substitutions,"
Tuesday afternoons, beginning September 27,
at 4 o'clock.
Greek— Six readings, with translation and
comment, from the first half of the Odyssey
of Homer, by Associate Professor Flags; Mon
day afternoons, beginning September 2«, at 4
o'clock. [The passages to be read are all con
tained in Seymour's School Odyssey, published
by Ginn & Co.]
International law— Six lectures by Assistant
Professor Hengstler; Monday afternoons, he
ginning November 7, at 4 o'clock. The titles of
theso lectures are: "The United States as a
Member of the Family of Nations— lts Tradi
tional Attitude"; "The United States as a
Member of the Family of Nations— Recent In
dications of a Change of Attitude"; "The
United States as a Member of the Family of
Nations— Whnt Should Be Its Future Atti
tude?" "The Principle of Intervention"; "Re
cent and Proposed Changes In the Laws of
War"; "International Domicile and Citizen
ship."
■ ♦ .
THE SHOCK KILLED HER.
Another Death Due to the Fuse Works
Explosion at Melrose.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14.— Another death
took place at Melrose last evening, which
Is regarded by the relatives of deceased
as having been due to the effects of the
recent powder explosion at Melrose. It
was that of Mrs. Elizabeth Stevenson,
mother of Stanley Btevenson of this city.
One of her sons lives with hiß family at
Melrose, and his house was badly dam
aged by the explosion. Mrs. Stevenson
was visiting in Alameda when the explo
sion (occurred, and as soon as she heard
it she was Impressed with the idea that
her son and his family had been killed
or seriously injured. This so preyed upon
her mind that, although the truth was
Boon communicated to her, she did not
recover 'from the- shock of fear, and
passed away last evening. She was aged
*3 years, and her funeral will take place
Friday. Interment will be at Mountain
View.
A Collector Disappears.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14.— Arthur L. Pope,
a young msin employed as collector by the
Alamedn Soda Works, has disappeared
and is believed to have left for the East,
taking with him some money belonging
to hfe employers. It Is not yet known
exactly how much is missing, but it is
not bHieved the amount will exceed $60.
The roung man had previously borne a
good character.
Freshmen Meet Defeat.
BERKELEY. Sept. 14.— The third of the
series of interclass baseball contests In
the University of California was played
upon the college campus this afternoon.
The contesting teams were made up from
members of the freshmen and senior
classes. It was evident from the start
that the freshmen were no match for
their more experienced upper-classmen,
although their work, on the whole, was
very creditable for men who had had no
team practice before. Smith, the fresh
man pitcher, will prove a strong addition
to the 'varsity team. The score stood 8
to 0 in favor of the seniors.
Bead in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father McCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
Church Officials Elected.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— The thirty-eighth
annual meeting of the members of the
First Congregational Church was held
this evening, and the following trustees
were elected for the ensuing year: D \V
Snow, George T. Hawley S. T. Alexander.
John T. Asard. F. M. Smith, A. S. Car
man and \N . F. Bailey. Reports were re
ceived from the church treasurer and the
treasurer of the benevolent fund, the lat
ter reporting about $9000 received and dis
bursed during the year. The meeting ad
journed for one week to receive reports
from the thirty-one departments of the
church work.
A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
Condition of the Market
the Past Week. "
RESULT OF THE TAX LEVY
BROKERS FEAR THAT IT WILL
RETARD PROGRESS.
A Review of the Records, Recent
Sales, New Building Contracts
and General Realty
Notes.
Real estate showed little tendency to
ward improvement during the past week.
The explanation advanced by the various
brokers for the deplorable want of activ
ity is that there have been too many holi
days crowded into the week.
Although there was practically no ad
vancement made, the market still main
tains an even course; and the indicated
prosperity which began to mature at the
close of the summer months still con
tinues to manifest Itself.
Considerable adverse comment is being
Indulged in against the proposed increased
tax rate of $2 on a $100 valuation. Brokers
are of the opinion that such a burden Im
posed upon property-holders will have a
marked tendency to undo the present en
couraging condition of the market by pre
cipitating it into that state of stagnation
which characterized the "World of Real
ty" for nearly a year. Although no imme
diate evil effect would be felt by the adop
tion of this system of taxation It would
undoubtedly work a gradual change for
the worse and undo what little prosperity
is now existent in real estate.
According to Umbsen's Real Estate Record
there was decidedly more prosperity In real
estate during the month of August than that
felt for the preceding thirty daye. The follow
ing passage taken frum the record indicates
the advancement made: "August made a bet
ter showing than the preceding month, when
the number of sales was 183. The chief Im
provement has been in the 50-vara and the
Western Addition districts. Almost all of the
present demand is in those two sections. The
best class of income producing property Is al
ways considered most desirable when there Is
an absence of speculation from the market, and
this feature is very noticeable Just now. Buy
ers are, however, extremely conservative in
the values which they place on this kind of
realty, and are unwilling to discount the fu
ture. For their own residences in the more
fashionable parts of the town, they are, how
ever, more disposed to meet the views of the
holder*."
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were fifty mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amounting to
$156,438. For the same period forty-five re
leases and reconveyances passed to record la
the total sum of $146,322.
Tbe principal mortgages and trust deeds re
corded are as follows:
By the La Soclete Francalse to Joseph and
Leon Lenormand, $30,000 on property In the
one hundred block 364. situated on the south
easterly line of Howard street. 369:0 feet south
west of Third, southwest GS. southeast 160.
northeast &S, northwest 22:6, southwest 20,
northwest 1*7:6; by the Germanla Bunk and
Loan Association of San Francisco to Calvin
E. Knickerbocker. $40W for a years at 6 per
cent, on property In the Western Addition
block 673, situated on the northerly line of
Page street, Sl:3 feet east of Clayton, east ib
by north 100; by the German Hank and Loan
Association to Henry and Martin Kathjen, $yo(K)
for 9 years at 6 p«r cent on property in the
Western Addition block 342, situated on the
southwest corner of Lombard and Ftllmore,
south 48 by we»t 93; by the Humboldt Savings
and Loan Society to William Wankowski. $6uoo
for one year at 66 1 * per cent on property in
the Western Addition block 464, situated on the
southerly line of Jackson rtr#?t, 137:6 feet east
of Devlsadero, east 27:6 by south 127.-«»4; by
the Hlbernia. Savings and Loan Society to
Catherine K. Cheesman, $5600 for one year at
6H per cent on property in the Mission blocks
ST and S2. situated respectively on the south
easterly line of Market, 10S feet southwest of
Church, southwest 60 by southeast 100; and
the southeasterly line of Market, 120 feet south
west of Fourteenth, southwest t1:3%, south
U:»\, east M, northwest 108; by Henry F. Al
len and Christian de Guigne, trustees of the
Union Trust Company, to Vltterlo Menesinl,
$30,00u on property in the 50-vara block 120, sit
uated on the southerly line of Post street, 137:6
feet east of Stockton, east 45:10 by south 120.
The principal releases and reconveyances for
the week are as follows: From the Union Loan
Association to Frank M. Stone $9600, on prop
erty in the Mission block 171, situated on the
westerly line of Howard street, 210 feet south
of Twenty-fourth, south 50 by west 115; from
the Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to
Henry L. Pleace $6250, on property in the Mis
sion block 112, situated on the southwest cor
ner of Nineteenth and Hartford streets, west
58 by south 85; from the Empire Hank and
Loan Association to Henry and Mathilde Froh
man $3800, on property In the Western Addition
block 831, situated on the southwest corner of
Clay and Locust streets, west 62:6 by south
102:8^; from the Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society to Daniel B. Hinkley 164,000, on three
pieces of property in the one hundred block,
situated on the southwesterly line of Main
street, 137:6 feet southeast of Mission, south
east 45:10 by southwest 137:6.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Easterly line of Guerrero street, 127 feet north
of Twenty-seventh, 25 by 110:3, all work for a
two-story frame building; owner, B. Mahoney;
architect, O. Everett; contractor, J. E. Brady;
cost, $3505.
Northeast corner of Brannan and Fourth
streets, additional story to a frame building;
owner, J. Brune; cost, $1500.
Southerly line of O'Farrell street, 100 feet
east of Larkln, three-story frame building;
owner, F. Hufschmldt; architect, E. J. Vogel;
cost. $9000.
Southerly line of Twenty-eighth street, 203
feet weßt of Church, west 26:8 by south 114, all
work for a two-story frame dwelling; owner,
Jose Dlas Soares; contractor, August Klahn;
cost, $2842.
Westerly line of York street, 155 feet south
of Twenty-first, south 27:6 by west lOu, al l work
for a one-story frame cottage; owner, Christian
N. Jensen; architect, Frederick Miller; cost,
$1400.
Railroad avenue and Eighteenth avenue, addi
tions to frame building; owner, John Puckha
ber; contractor, W. J. Warner; cost, $1200.
Easterly line of Mississippi street, 175 feet
south of Nineteenth, south 25 by east 100, all
work for a two-story and basement frame
building; owner, Carl Johnson; contractors,
Kelt & Ahlgren; cost, $2500.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The firm of G. H. Urnbsen & Co. disposed of
the following property by public auction last
Monday morning at their salesrooms: Lot 56:3 x
72, and improvements renting for $120, on SE
corner of Haight and Steiner streets; residence
of 13 rooms and lot 30x100. on NE corner of
McAllister and Scott; two two-story houses and
lot 40x87:6 on SW corner of Page and Octavia;
lot 59:6x80, and improvements, on NE corner
of Minna and New Montgomery; lot 80x114 on
N'W corner of Hanchez and Duncan; two flats
and a cottage and lot 27:6x120 at 355 Fell; also
several other parcels.
At the public sole held during the week by
Easton, Eldridge & Co. the following prop
erties were sola: House of 11 rooms anil lot
60x111:3 at 611 Lombard, W of Powell, for $6400;
lot 76x86, with two-story house of 8 rooms and
cottages of 5 and 3 rooms, on SE corner of
Nineteenth and Hartford, for $4400; two-story
house of 7 rooms and lot 20x55 at 842 Capp, N
of Twenty-fourth, $3100; lot 30x114, with store
and 4 rooms and cottage of 4 rooms, on SE
corner of Sanchez and Day, $1950. Before the
regular sale property was sold at foreclosure
In Stanislaus, Glenn, Tulare, Fresno and San
Francisco counties amounting to $104,290.
Most of the property was sold to close es
tates.
RECENT SALES.
N. Swaneon disposed of a house and lot to
Abraham Erecksoh fer the sum of $200. The
property is situated on De Haro street.
Thelot, 50 by 90 feet, on the southwest corner
of Mission and Twentieth streets, has been
bought by H. and Marie Joost. through A. M.
Speck & Co., from the Polack estate. The re
ported price is $10,60"). The new owners intend
to put up a building consisting of two stories
and six flats.
A further sale by the Bame firm is that of a
lot with a frontage of 33 feet, with an irregu
lar depth of from 110 to 120 feet, on the west
erly line of Van Ness avenue, 57 feet north of
Union street. The price obtained was $3500.
The following out-of-town sales are reported
by Bovee, Toy & Sonntag: Eight hundred acres
of an improved ranch, containing orchard and
grain lands, a house, barn, etc., seventeen
miles from the railroad in Santa Clara County,
for $25,000, by M. A. Baylard to William David
son- 360 acres of grain land in Contra Costa
County, by William Davis to Mrs. Marie Bul
lion, for $5000, and ten acres of suburban prop-
I erty at Palo Alto, with a fine residence, barn,
i etc., for $10,000, by William Sheppard to Arthur
! Sanderson.
| Jacob Heyman reports trie sale of a four
! room cottage on Cortland avenue for $500. The
I property Is situated 46 feet west of Bradford
street. Mr. Heyman has projected the erec
tion of another cottage on the northerly line
of Twenty-second street, above Douglass.
RANDOM NOTES.
A two-story frame building will be erected by
: Hugh Keenan In the interests of Josephine A.
i Crackbon. on the westerly line of Sixth avenue. I
Immediately south of Lake. The estimated
cost is $4500.
The firm of Coffey, Hughes & Co. has opened
offices at 19 Montgomery street, where they
will conduct a real-estate business including j
every department.
The ground floor of the building on the south- ;
east corner of Montgomery and Sutter streets
has been leased for five years to the Germanla
Trust Company.
Mrs. Mary Kills has declared a $10,000 home
stead on the porperty on the west line of Bu
chanan street. 9fi:SVi south of Clay.
Mrs. Joan N. G. Hunter has leased the prem
ises at 319 and 321 Grant avenue to August
Fehlemelcher for three years at an aggregate
rental of $18,000.
The competitive plans for the new County
Hospital on the Almshouse tract will be sub
mitted to the Board of Supervisors on the 19th
lnst.
F. Hufschmidt is about to erect a three-story
frame building by day"s work on the Bouth
Bide of OFarrell street, 100 feet east of Lar
kln. E. J. Vogel, who is the architect, esti
mates the outlay at JSOOO.
The Stmond Saw Company has leased from
the F. C. O'Connor estate, through Bovee Toy
& Co., the three-story building at 33 Market
street for five years at an aggregate rental of
Mrs. W. Hoge intends remodeling the building
at 70€ Post street. Arrangements -will be made
for the accommodation of a number of doo
tor's offices on the ground floor and on the sec
ond for a number of additional private rooms.
LTTNCH FOR THE SOLDIERS.
Alameda Bed Cross Ladies Furnish
Supplies to the 3attalion Going
to Vancouver.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14.— The ladies of the
Alameda branch of the Red Cross under
took the task of providing: lunch for the four
companies of the Eighth Regiment which
left to-day for Vancouver, and right well
did they perform the work. Although
they had only short notice, yet each man,
as he went on board the train, was handed
a box containing sandwiches, cake, eggs,
pickles and fruit sufficient to last for two
days, when eaten with the Government
rations of hard tack and corned beef.
It was reported on the train that the
people of Redding had provided a large
quantity of fruit a:id that each soldier
would be given a box of it when the train
reached there to-morrow morning. In
fact, it is pretty certain that the boys
will be entertained at various places along
the route.
A Dead Petaluma Soldier.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 14.— The remains of
Corporal John Harris of Company D,
Eighth Regiment, who died at the County
Hospital last night, were brought to this
city this morning and prepared for ship
ment to his home at Petaluraa. Harris
died from typhoid pneumonia and was
only 21 years old. He had been sick for
some time.
Councilman Apologizes.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Deputy City Aud
itor B. Below will probably withdraw his
tendered resignation, since he has receiv
ed a letter from Councilman Pringle in
which the latter apologizes to Below for
the objectionable criticism, to wit, that
nearly every time he visited Auditor
Snow s office he found one or both clerks
idle.
Soldiers Will Entertain.
The Nationals, Companies C and G,
First Regiment, will give an entertain
ment and dance at the armory. Sls Ellis
street, to-morrow evening. The an
nual ball usually given by these well
known companies will be postponed until
the members who are at Manila return.
The programme for to-morrow evening is
quite elaborate, many well known artists
having volunteered, and an enjoyable
evening is promised. Among those who
will appear are Mrs. Walter Fonda. Miss
Minnie Powell, Professors Rice. McKen
zie. Young. Hastings Morey.
An original composition will be given
by Professor, Madame and Master Young,
entitled "The Battle of Santiago."
A Minstrel Show.
A minstrel entertainment will be given
this evening at Mission Turn Verein Hall,
Valencia and Eighteenth streets, by the
yountr ladies of St. John's parish for the
benefit of a booth that is proposed to be
conducted at a coming fair. The pro-
gramme embraces some pood talent.
Dancing will follow the entertainment.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABBTT St. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswheu
others fall. Try him. Charges low
('iirfucufiranlrrd. Callorwrlte.
j Dr. J. V. uIBBON. Box 1937. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL. /rf:
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLATSTD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M. ■ '
CARP $12 First Class Including Berths
InilC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California........'. Sept. 18, 25
Geo. W. Elder.... .......Sept. 19, 28
Columbia...... ......Sept. 22, Oct. I
'St. Paul $16 OOlSt. Louis .......,.$26 33
Kansas City ..... 26 Oil Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 00 > New York ........ 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,' •
. . 630 Market st. 
GOODALL, PERKINS & . CO., , - - . .
Superintendents. . . , : . ; ,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h^ Steamers leave ' Broadway
Hgfcg^^^ wharf, San Francisco:
9B^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
Bf*fL?WPfc Sept. 3. 8. 13, IS 23. 28. October
HLIhIW\ 3'3 ' transfer at Seattle.
' iB&Bn jMtl Fur Victoria, Vancouver (B.
flHKnj^CKj C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^&S*Qß2l& Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes j
"^*BffOJ and New Whatcom (Wash), 10
■ a m., Sept: 3, 8. IS, 18, 23, 28.
October 3 and every fifth day _ thereafter,
frunKfVr at Seattle to this company steamers
• or Alaska and G. N Ry. at R Tacoma to N.
p Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 10 a. m . Sept.
5, 11, 16. 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter. Cruz, ' Monterey, San " Simeon,
Cameos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Cavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro ■ (Los Angeles) and
NewDort § a. m., Sept. 3. 6, 10, 14. 18, 22, 26.
Newport 9 a. m., Sept. 2. 6, 10, 14. 18, 22, 26,
SO, Oct. 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San -Diego, . stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Tim Anireles and •■ Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
nf Sept 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28. Oct. i. and
even' fourth day thereafter.' - . ,-s -■■'-■
For Ensenada.-Magdalena.Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., ISth of every
m For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the , right , to . change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
fIiUKI!T OFJIOE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ■ • :
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen: Agts., -
" .10 Market st., San Francisco. . .
Gompapie Generate Transatlantic^.
■ ; French Line to 'Havre. .• ; :-.■ '■■<■
Company's . pier (new) 42 ■ North ' j»>r>^-
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^ffTs> '
by this line avoid both transit .by •m>mtlWi>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing |
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, : Egypt, via Paris, first class. $140;
second class, $118. .'..■_ ■ ■■■ ■ : . •
LA NAVARRE. ............Sept. 17.. 10 a, m.
LA NORMANDIE .Sept. 24. 10 .a. m.
LA GASCOGNE .*.:...:.. 0ct. 1, 10 a. m.
LA TOTIRAINE :........ ....Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. ............ 0ct. 15. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE- GENERALB TRANSATT.AN-
TIQUE. Agent. ■-:, ■'-. ' « - --.: f-
. No. S Bowling Green, New York, v
J. P. FT :AZT ft CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery.
aye., San Francisco. , ; ... ; .;; .
Pmimm^mmam . ■ 8. 3. AUSTRALIA
liflniL sails, for Honolulu only
•£** slB *Saturday, September 24, !
y~J^— <; : ;'at 2"p.m:'-; ■ ■■; -.- ■' -->'
Gi^S^\P\ The S. S. ALAMEDA
>!lKnTCnincJ a* ll * vla Honolulu and'
GJIUIIIDIHy Auckland for : Sydney
■ -/Afnß7li7l}"» Wednesday. October., 5.
. lytlHuUICtT: at 2 a. m. • : 1
■ Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.- - l :• .
■ J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. A*»nts,
' .. . ■ ' : ■■■.■■■■■■'.: -. 114 Montgomery: st.
• Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY Ai^D RIVER STEAMERS. .
and VALLEier
; : ; - - : Steamer "Monticelio." : - v.:■:u .:■:
Mon. Tue».. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. .....»•
'• 9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. n>. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs. >
Fr1day8r.....i...*...".">l p. m- * nd 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ............ 10:80 a. m. wid 8 p.m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. PICT I*.
Telephone , Red 2241. :: -
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer;ALVlSO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 76c.
:"" Delightful Bay " Trip; 14 ; miles and return.
On Sundays. Excursion. SI. ■,',•■•'- V;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JRarteks'
Mjsbwßr B^H- ESI I I CS
mßs I i ILLS
SIGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these ~ •
, Little Pills.
They also relieve . Distress from Dyspepsia, :
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- j
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. '
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small. Price.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATB OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO, July 30th. 189 S.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State Of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth di»y of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
i In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
! scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
i (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
■ eighteen of article eleven of th« Constitu-
| tlon, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to am«nd said section to
> read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
euch year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
en or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that »ny and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
lor any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any Fewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby exeepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
Of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpoce shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section Vk- The inhabitants of any county
may frame "a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
iect to the Constitution and laws of this State.
iy causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation ln such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then ln one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after' be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made ln duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds ln the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
fn a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
Dreaehted for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to -provide for the manner in
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county of fleers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion' for th£ number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputli-3 that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
euch deputies, for the manner In which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shnl! be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and governmert of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted" and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litfcral parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any ccunty has, In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and Hkewlse"provid!np for th» elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not npply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared fey such county government act, not be
euhiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the. State, by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may De requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims Fhall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July
and
1 Is Urn City pX Sacramento, commencing on
AUCTION SALES
NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATORS SALEI
The undersigned, special ..dminlstrator ol
the estate of Martin Meyerhof, deceased, will,
in pursuance of an order of the Superior Court
of the City and County of San Francisco, duly
made and entered In the matter of the said
estate, sell, at private sale for cash in United
States gold co«i, on Thursday, the 15th day ol
September, Vfi, at Twelve o'clock Xoon, at
his office hereinafter described, subject to
confirmation by the said Superior Court, all
the right, title and interest of salt} Martin
M< ye.rhof, deceased, in and to the following
described property, to wit:
- (1) A certain grocery and liquor businesi
and a stock of wines, liquors and groceries a*
now contained in and upon the premises situ-
ated at the southeast corner of Geary and Ma-
son streets, San Francisco, California, and be-
ing th* bueiness formerly conducted by the said
decedent.
Together with a certain lease of the said
premises, which lease is recorded in the office
of the County Recorder of said City and
County of San Francisco, in LJber 91 ol
L-eases, page 19.
(2) A certain lease of the premises situ-
ated at the northeast corner of Geary and Ma-
son streets, in said San Francisco. California,
Which satd lease Is of record in the office Of
the said County Recorder of the City and
County of San Francisco, in Volume 106 o<
Leases, page 84.
Bids for said property must be in writing,
and may be left at the office of A. C.
FREEPE, room 25, Chronicle building, north-
east corner of Geary and Kearny streets, la
said City and County of San Francisco. '■<
Ten per cent of bid to be deposited with tha
undersigned at time of making bid. An In-
ventory of said property may be examined at
the office of said A. C. FREESE.
Said property will be sold in sepa-te par*
eels as above described marked 1 and 2.
A. C. FREESE.
Special Administrator of the estate of Martli|
Meyerhof. deceased.
Dated September 10, 1898.
Th..^?L a . M i? ay of Number of each year.
rectlvJ n« ?Idlngr? IdIngr such term of court shall
ih«n L ? " extra compensation therefor, but
out nf th IV * the aCtUal expenses, to be P rl<|
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
t? or^ni S r atUre K Shall enact all laws necessarY
1° orßa . n ' ze such court, to provide the pro-
Srihta^Sn. aDd t0 Carry ° Ut the provlAn.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
State™*? cinrn^.» PrOp?se to J be people of th«
n,,.in ,,.i ?it ™2, la an amendment i: the Con-
bv «rt£? of the State, amending article ele enl
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
cinso'i 0 " B r m , ber nve and one-half, relating tS
consolidated city and county governments. Th",
b ald Proposed new section to read as follows:
J'ection 6%. Tie provisions of sect! foua
feeiifnH ' thl3 a , I " tIcIe Bha " nOt> nor Bnall *">/
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
Sow e°»7«H ated city and county government!
haTe c . xlstln S or hereafter formed, which shall
hecotne - or shall become, organized undel
SfSt On of" tnl. n> artlcfe! * <=^er under sectio.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE. -
(Being Assembly Constitutional ' Amendment
a , . No. 36.) ' '
Stete re n? lu "<? n to propose to. the people of • th«
firf^n L Call( ?r" a an amendment of section
Con m and section sixteen of article five of th«
S-i. on of •t• th * State of California, by
read as is proposed to amend Bald sections to
reaa as lollows:
»wt Ct V?;. A «tenant Governor shall be
elected a the same time and place and in th«
offl£ ma a">f, r m the Gove rnor, and his term of
2> X M d nls qualifications shall be the same.
we snail be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. ■■■■■ >.
Section 1«. in case of the Impeachment of
inah?m Yel i. hfs removal from office, death,
L. nifi y to dischar se the powers and duties o!
his office, resignation or absence from tha
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon he Lieutenant I Governor for tha
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor ba
Impeached displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State > the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the T next general., election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in th«
office of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor .. the President pro tempore of th-> Senata
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
B , embl y. until the office of Governor shall ■ba
rilled at such general election. -. t , . '
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Bein« Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
.V, art J c nln * of the Constitution of the Stata
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
h.gh schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
V. c ,F tate sohool fun <> and the Btate school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar school*. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school district!,
having more than one thousand inhabitants lift
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univerl
slty of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tlon to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bi
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days and
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883
the above-described proposed amendments ari
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 189 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express big
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tee
of Vallejo for the construction of Its i
water works from the provisions of Ne
me Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- .
government acts by Inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of _
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- _
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- N«
der the Constitution, from certain leg- I
islatlon In. relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto in -
certain cases and removing disability- x»
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar- . -
Schools). n«
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not 'ess than thirty- — _»
nor more than sixty days during each Na
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herela
first above w.Htten.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor^ .
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of State.
1112
PRESIDENT
KELLOGG'S
SUCCESSOR
Aspirations of William
Carey Jones.
PROFESSOR MOSES' CHANCE
WILLIAM JAMES SPOKEN OF AS
A CANDIDATE.
Friends of the University Hope
That No Poor Selection Will
xJe Made by the
Regents.
The friends of the University of Cali
fornia are eager to ascertain the name
of President Martin Kellogg's successor.
The resignation of the venerable and
faithful president was not a surprise to
some of the regents. In fact, the latter,
In tendering the resignation, clearly
states that the writer's intention to re
sign was known to several members of
the board. In the selection of a man to
direct the affairs of the great institution
of learning the regents will be called upon
to perform the most Important official
duty that ever devolved upon them. Men
who take a deep interest in the fortunes
of the university freely express the opin
ion that a mistake or blunder committed
now in the choice of a president might
work irreparable injury to the institu
tion.
All men familiar with educational af- !
fairs in California recognize that a broad
gauged man of character, Intelligence
and influence is 1.- Mcd at the head of the
university. There Is a demand for a pro
gressive, up-to-date president— not a man
of the world In the sense commonly used,
but nevertheless a man that understands
the world of men. Any -imber of agree
able and harmless little professors will
uspirp to the presidency. The prestige. In
a society way, of little cliques at Berke
ley will be brought to bear in the hope of
Influencing the judement of the regents,
but there Is no indication that the board
will be swerved from the line of duty by
euch efforts.
One of the regents remarked yesterday:
"The successor of President Kellogg
should be a man eminent for his ability
as an educator. He should possess exec
utive power to compel the respect of all
the professors, so that his leadership
would not be questioned more than once
by any one of the faculty. The man
needed can be found, and the university
Is able to pay a salary commensurate
with the responsibilities of the petition.
It would be a great misfortune to the
cause of higher education in this State |
If the regents should select a man simply j
because he could 111 1 the office to the sat
isfaction of the faculty anu a few of the
friends of the faculty in the board."
Another regent said: "I understand j
that the new president has been slated.
There has been talk for some time that
President Kellogg would resign when re- I
quested. I cannot say that a majority
of the regents have been pledged to the I
support of any candidate. 1 am not aware j
that any pledges have been sought. I
Common report leads me to the opinion |
the the regents who were first advls-d
of Mr. Kellogg's resignation have a man |
In view for the place."
Outside gossip is to the effect that the j
regents have been Importuned in many
forms to vote for Professor William
Carey Jones to fill the office of presi
dent. The argument is advanced in
Jones" favor that he will be able to ce
ment the friendly feeling which Mrs.
Hearst entertains for the Institution and
that if he shall be chosen to direct the
destinies of the university she will en
dow the institution with the bulk of her
fortune. It is npt asserted that Professor j
Jones is a man of exceptional ability, but i
It is claimed that he is capable of filling
the position in a creditable manner.
Furthermore It is said in his cause that
he would be acceptable to the professors '•■
at the university. They hold him in high I
regard and would accept his promotion
In a spirit of profound satisfaction.
The intellect of Professor Moses is not
overlooked by the regents. Mr. Moses is
said to be a candidate for the presidency
of the university, but his aspirations do
not invite the favor of his fellow-teachers i
at the institution. Years ago there was !
some objection to Mosrs because he In- j
Bisted on exalting the doctrines of free
trade, when the leading men and the
toiling masses of the United States were
Bet king to convince the country that a
protective tariff would bring prosperity. '
Events have demonstrated that i.loses j
Was wrong and the people were right, but
this chapter is closed. Throughout the
t'nited States and in Europe Professor
Moses Is rate** as an able man, a pro
gressive n an and a teacher of force and
character. It is readily admitted that he ;
Is large enough to invite the jealousy and
enmity of several of his brother workers j
at Berkeley. Common report is to the |
effect that his promotion would not be !
accepted with any considerable cegree of I
good feeling by the faculty.
It Is to be hoped that the Harvard
graduates residing In San Francisco will
not be shocked if The Call intimates that
Professor William James of Cambridge
came out here some weeks ago with a I
lightning rod. The attractive metal is In I
position and the lightning may strike in I
nls direction. As one regent expressed It,
"He was brought here from the East to
be tried out." Professor James is said to
possess many of the high-grade quali
fications of the modern university presi
dent. His ability commands the respect
of educators and his ways of meeting men
Inspire confidence. His merits as a pos
eible president of the T'nlversity of Cali
fornia have been discussed.
HOWARD P. TAYLOR EXPLAINS.
Writes From New York a Letter
Which States His Side.
Howard P. Taylor, now in "New York
City, writes an explanation of his rela
tions, with the Valentine Publishing Com
pany, and shows great surprise at the
charges made against him. His 'side of
the story Is as follows:
. ' • • • Shortly after the late fire, which de
stroyed the establishment and almost ruined
the valuable machinery, Mr. Valentine met
me on the street, and knowing that ; I
was desirous of entering business pro
posed that I put up $10,000 against
the debris and good will. I tacitly
consented, and without the formality of a con
tract entered upon- my duties as secretary and
business manager until 1 could familiarize my
»elf with the details of the business, assuming
the position made vacant by the forced with
drawal of D. B. Francis. After a brief experi
ence, and according to the statements of an ex
pert bookkeeper, I found the firm to be In debt
Borne $40,000. Included In which were the pecu
lations of Mr. Goggln, a former partner, and
other equally mystical methods of others In
controlling the funds of the house. My direct
Understanding with Mr. Valentine was that If
[I thought well of the business I would produce
■ the coveted JIO.OOO. My few months' experi
ence did not warrant me in investing. I found
the establishment heavily lncumbered, with but
•light prospect of future enfranchisement from
its debts, and became discouraged though I
retained my position, drawing an average. sal
ary of |200 per month, to which Mr. Valentine
made no opposition. It Is true that I purchased
on credit stock necessary for the prosecution
of the business, but always with the cognizance
&nd consent of Mr. Valentine, and In order to
lighten the burdens of the establishment I
made a habit of discounting current monthly
bills, as many of the creditors will bear me
out. In many other ways I worked ■ faithfully
for the interests of. the house and brought It
custom • It would otherwise never have had and
which Is . now assisting materially In keeping
the business afloat— many of my contracts be-
Ing yearly - ones. This much for the irrepar
able Injury Mr. Valentine * says 2 have done
his establishment. .-■• . ..: v
"I, was surprised at his statement that I came
East In the interest of theatrical . enterprises
though I • have heretofore : been more or less
identified ' with the profession, ■ chiefly as a
tcrlbe. iMy visit here, as Mr. Valentine knows
la -In the interests •of the .Francis- Valentine
Company - and' Incidentally on a few - other I less
Important : matters, and I; was not aware that
my connection with' the company , had" termi
nated until I read It this morning In the San
Francisco ' papers. I shall ; continue tto exert
tnyself in its behalf until . I am- officially, de
posed. • ■ ■ . ■' \ ,_£-, ,- :■ .'■ .
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and I^erkln st«. Swimming. Russian, hot
md cold tub baths. Salt water direct from octan.
MORE TEACHERS
ELECTED THAN
ARE NEEDED
Derham Accuses the
School Board.
HE MAKES SPECIFIC CHARGES
DECLARES THAT SALARIES
HAVE BEEN JUGGLED.
The Board Listens, Then Appoints
•More Educators and Considers
a Noe Valley School
House Site.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday, Director Derham flourish
ed his hatchet. '
"There are too many new teachers al
ready!" he exclaimed. "Still members of
this board want to appoint more. There
has been a decrease In the attendance at
the night schools, and yet the number of
teachers' for these sohools continues to
rapidly increase. The board has appointed
over 200 teachers since It came into exist
ence — the present board, I mean. Where is
this thing going to stop? The taxpayers
will want to know. What's more, I
charge the committee on salaries with in
creasing the pay of the second vice-princi
pals in the grammar schools from $100 to
$125, without the knowledge of the board.
The committee told this board that sal
aries this year were unchanged. That's a
job!"
Chairman Waller denied the charge
against the committee and declared that
Derham was laboring under a misappre
hension. The salaries of certain vice-prin
cipals had been raised to $125, but there
was no deception about it.
After this breezy little one-act curtain
raiser, the board settled down to its er
dlnary vaudeville turns, and proceeded to
further Increase the corps of teachers.
The following bids for furnishing a site
for Noe Valley School were received:
John Collins, northeast corner of
Twenty-fourth street and Hoffman ave
nue, 12.1x114 feet, $8000; A. J.
Rich & Co. Douglass and Twenty-second
streets, 125x210 feet, $10,000; F. A. Turpln,
Douglass and Twenty-third streets. 165x134
feet. $12,000; H. Mau and others. Douglass and
Elizabeth streets, 114x123 feet, $8200; Mrs. S. A
Washburn. Hoffman avenue and Elizabeth
street. 114x125 feet. $fif>oo; Jacob Heyman. Hoff
man avenue and Twenty-second street. 101x390
feet. $15,600.
Gallagher, Burns and Derham were ap
pointed a committee to consider the bids.
Residents of the Sunnyslde District peti
tioned the board to erect a school build-
Ing on a lot to be donated by the Sunny
side Land Company. The same was
placed on file.
A high school certificate was granted
to Miss Irene Miller and grammar
grade certificates to Miss Maud Moore and
Miss M. Helle Marion.
The Committee on Finance reported that
It had secured the two-story frame build
ing on the northeast corner of Point
Lobos and Forty-third avenues for school
purposes and recommended that a lease
be made from the owner, Mrs. Rose V.
Morbio, for one year at $25 per month.
Approved.
The Committee on Secondary Education rec
ommended that Miss E. P. Hhine of the sec
ondary education substitute class be elected a
regular high school teacher and assigned to
Mission High School: that the advanced ninth
grade class taught by Miss E. Graham in the
Horace Mann School be transferred to Mission
High School, to be known as a sub-junior high
school class and that Miss Graham be con
tinued In charge; that Miss Irene Muller be
elected an assistant in the manual training do- !
I artment of the Polytechnic High School: that ;
Miss Dorothy Moran be elected head teacher of
the cooking department; that Miss Edna Da- !
vies be elected a teacher In the cooking de- ;
partment, vice Miss Kate Whltaker, resigned; i
that Mr A. B. Hobbs be elected a temporary \
substitute teacher of drawing to occupy the
place of Mr. O. H. Ransome during the latter' s
leave of absence.; that Mme. E. Geffard be as
signed as teacher of French in Polytechnic
High School : that Miss A. Marchebout be
elected permanent teacher In Mission High
School. The report was adopted.
The Committee on evening Schools recom
mended that Miss Clara A. Baker be appoint- |
ed probationary teacher In Hearst Evening ;
School; that Mr. M. L. Choynsky be appointed
probationary teacher In Rlncon School; that
Miss Bertha E. Johnson, probationary teacher,
be transferred from Rincon Evening School to |
Spring Valley Evening School; that Miss M.
Kratzer be appointed a probationary teacher
in Horace Munn Evening School; that Miss
Kate Kelly be appointed a probationary teach
er in Humboldt Evening School: that Miss. C.
B. Labarraque be nppointed a special teacher
of French In the Business Evening School; that
Miss K. M. Boylan, probationary teacher in
the Washington Evening School, be trans
ferred to the day list of unasslgned teachers;
that Miss M. O'Brien of Lincoln Evening ;
School be transferred to the day unasslgned
lilt: that Miss K. McGuire be restored to her I
position as a special teacher of stenography i
and assigned to John Swett Evening School. |
The report was adopted without amendment. ]
Miss R. A. Humphrey, assistant in Em- |
erson School, was transferred to Redding
School. Miss E. G. Koch was appointed
probationary teacher in Winfield Scott
School. Miss Mary Busteed, unassigrned,
was given a class in Sheridan School.
Miss Jessie Stone, assistant in Sheridan
School, was transferred to Burnett School.
It was determined that all vice-principals
in grammar schools should have the same
rank and duties henceforth.
Miss Rube McFenley. Miss Cella Lewi
son. Philip Hammond and Charles Bantel
were appointed regular teachers. The sal
aries of the principals of the Horace Mann
and Hamilton Evening schools were each
increased $10 per month. Mrs. M. Cole,
assistant janitress of I>owell High School,
was removed and the head janitress, Mrs.
Hanley, was given full charge of the
work.
The board will meet next Wednessday
evening as committee of the whole to con
sider the projected Noe Valley school.
HOODLUMS AT A PICNIC.
Three of Them Arrested on a Charge
of Malicious Mischief.
John O'Brien. George Smith and Hans
Christiansen. Mission toughs, were hand
ed over hy the police yesterday to Dep
uty Sheriff Butts of Redwood City, whore
they will havf to answer a charge of ma
licious mischief.
The defendants were at the Butchers'
picnic at Sun Jose Inst Sunday, and on
the way home they left the train at Mill
brae for a minute or so and broke all
• the windows in the station house, drove
the agent out of the place, and stoned
a Chinese who happened to be at the
station. After returning to the train they
shoved their feet through the windows
of the car and created a disturbance gen
erally.
On the arrival of the train at the Va
lencia street station they were arrested
by Policeman Connell, who was on the
train, and were booked on the charge of
malicious mischief. The cases were call
ed in Judge Mogan's court yesterday, but
as the offense was committed in San lla
teo County they were handed over to
Deputy Sheriff Butts, who had warrants
for their arrest. The Southern Pacific
Company and the police are determined
to make an example of the Mission
toughs, who on every occasion raise a dis
turbance and destroy property.
Bead in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father McCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
Asks for Heavy Damages.
Kdna Lee Schfmp commenced suit yes
terday to Recover $20,000 damages from the
California Street Cable Railroad Com
pany. She alleges in her complaint that
she was thrown from a car of the line on
June 27, 1897, and that the mishap was due
to the carelessness of the gripman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO vQALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER If, 1898.
CHINESE WILL
EIGHT NO MORE
Peace Was Declared by
See Yup Company.
AT WAR OVER FOUR YEARS
WITH PEACE BOYCOTT WILL BE
DECLARED OFF.
Ho Vow of the Chinese Consul's Of
fice Is Credited With Having
Brought the Fight to an
Abrupt End.
The war between the two rival factions
of Chinese— the See Tups and Sam Yups —
that has existed in Chinatown for the
past four years, terminated yesterday.
The hatchet has been buried, and in the
future the Chinese will know no rival
companies, but will mingle together in
one grand reign of peace.
Early yesterday morning a notice was
posted all over Chinatown, signed by the
See Y-ips, which stated that they were all
countrymen, hailing from one land, and
that in unity there was strength and that
in this constant strife they were injuring
each other and were only making them
selves in more disfavor with the Ameri
cans. Vhe notice closed by stating that
in future the boycott which was up to this
date in operation and which prohibited
the See Yups from trading or working for
the Earn Yups, was declared off.
The uotice caused great excitement in
Chinatown, and at every signboard on
wh.ch the notice was posted groups of
Mongolians gathered and discussed the
situation. Everywhere the notice seemed
to meet with approval, and it is safe to
say that there will be no more faction
fights in the Chinese quarter.
Although the trouble originated here,
Chinese in New York. Chicago and other
Eastern cities took this feud up as a
common and personal cause; but Ho Vow,
a consular attache, who conducted the
peace negotiations, said he was sure that
that peace would extend all over
America. How Vow deserves a great
amount of credit, as it was undoubtedly
through him that the peace negotiations
wore instituted. He also published a
proclamation yesterday, in which he in- ¥
dorsed the action of the See Yups and ex
pressed a hope that the Chinese of tnls
city would in the future live in a harmo
nious manner.
The See Yup proclamation reads as fol
lows:
"Notice— ln compliance with the wish of
our American Minister, we will not here
after make any distinction as to whom or
as to what district one belongs in our
business and trade. We hereby abolish
all former obnoxious rules and regula
tions, and hereafter we must keep our
clansmen and relatives from disturbing
the peace or renewing the boycott. We
appreciate with gratitude his Excellency's
act, and wish every one good will.
"SEE. YUP COMPANY.
"Dated twenty-fourth year of Kwong
Sin, seventh moon."
HOW PRISONERS
EVADE THE LAW
TWO BONDS FORFEITED IN THE
POLICE COURTS.
Guiseppi Giorso and Frank Wall Fail
to Appear and Bench Warrants
Issued for Their Arrest.
Two bonds . were , declared i forfeited in
the Police Courts yesterday, and it Is
doubtful If in either • case the bondsmen
will be called upon to make the bonds
good. .■;'; ■ ■'
Gulseppl Giorso - was arrested on- July
30 -for an assault with a deadly weapon.
He fired three shots at his son-in-law,
Gulseppi Uccelll; who has a vegetable
garden at Ocean View, and It was not the
first time he ■ had : made such an attempt
to get . rid of him. : He was released ■on
$1000 bonds, the sureties being L,. J. Hoey,
935 Folsom street, who qualified on a half
Interest in 110 acres In Calaveras County,
and Michael Hayes, who qualified on a
house and lot at 16 Lapldge- street.
The case was called in -Judge Low's
court yesterday < morning, but Giorso
failed to appear, and the Judge declared
his bonds forfeited and ordered a bench
warant issued : , for, the arrest •of ;. the de
fendant. ■ Attorney " Comyns ■ engineered
the : bond. ■ and > was retained ;by i Giorso to
represent him In court. It is said that, as
usual, he pot his fee and that was all he
looked after. ':-..» • :•
The other case was that of Frank "Wall,
.who was arrested on Sunday on the water
front by Policeman Ellis on a charge of
vagrancy. He was working the crowd at
the . ferry / when ; arrested, and, n having
served a term before for picking pockets,
it was , thought advisable to give him an
other term in jail for the protection of tae
public. .■• -•'.' :., ■ .■■:■-.•-?:.-:'..-:■--.■ v :. ; ;■:.-;■■ y;=:. •■
The case was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday, and Wall failed to make
his 1 appearance. \: : - The > Judge, ascertained
that he had been ~ released on . bonds on
Monday, the sureties; being Martin Quin
lan, an attorney ' who haunts the Police
Courts, and T. J. \ Clancy, a ' saloon-keeper
at 222 McAllister street. The bonds were
for $300, and the Judge declared them for
feited and ordered a bench warrant issued
for Wall's arrest, fixing the bonds in $1000.
« ♦ ■
: Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. ; J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Aged Colored People's Home.
There will be a meeting to-day and thlß
evening at Union-square Hal! of those
who are interested in the construction of
the home for the aged and infirm peo
ple of the colored race of California, the
home association of which was incorpo
rated in 1592. The home has been con
structed in Beulah, across the bay, for
$4000, of which $3300 has been paid. It is
with reference to paying off the remain
ing debt that the meeting of to-day Is
called. In the evening there will be an
entertainment. The officers of the Home
Association having the business In
charge are:
Mrs. Louisa Jackson, president; Mrs. Clara
F. Valentine, vice-president; Mrs. Mattle Wil
liams, recortli.njf secretary; Mrs. Nellie \.
Snow Jen, corresponding secretary; Mrs. Mary
J. Grasses, financial secretary: Mrs. Julia
Shorey, treasurer. _,.
The work of attending to the matter of Ola
Polks' Home Day" has been referred to the
following committee of ladles and gentlemen:
Mrs. Goldatone. president: Mrs. J. "White, vice
president; Mrs. Nellie V. Pnowden, recording
secretary; Mrs. Mary J Grasses, financial sec
retary; Mrs. George Cashin, treasurer; Mrs.
Mattle Williams. Mrs. Man' Humphrey, J. C.
Rivers, George W. Dennis Jr.
A CURIO FROM SANTIAGO.
The Times of Cuba, the First Ameri
can Daily Published in That
City.
A copy of the first American dally
newspaper printed in Santiago, The
Times of Cuba as it is called, has been
received in San Francisco by Mrs. Helen
Holcombe. It is a four-page sheet, with
four columns to the page, and is a curio
In every way. It is printed partly in
Spanish and partly in English. The ty
pography is miserable, Its orthography
horrid, and its English wretched. In the
advertising columns appears the follow
ing: "Le Favorita is the elegant saloon
of Santiago de Cuba, the club of distin
guished youth and all others who want
good service. Please do not carry away
our silver spoons." Among the news
items, as an offset to this, it is stated
that an American who bought some pho
tographic views went out of the shop
with his purchase to get change for a $20
bill, saying he would return and make
payment, but he failed to come back.
In commenting on this item the Times
says: "We can only say to the shop
keepers that there are Americans as well
as other people who are dishonest, and
consequently they cannot all be trusted."
TO REDUCE CHARGES
FOR PULLMAN RIDES
RAILROAD COMMISSION PASSES
RESOLUTIONS.
Jesse P. Meehan Is Subpenaed to
Appear Before the Commission
and Disclose Facts.
The State Board of Railroad Commis
sioners are determined to examine into
the affairs of the Pullman Palace Car
Company. Yesterday at their semi
monthly meeting it was resolved and
adopted unanimously to suopena Jesse P.
Meehan, the superintendent of the com
pany in this city, ordering: htm to pre
sent facts on all departmental jexpejnses
and as to the general condition" of the
corporation.
This is a new step for the Railroad
Commissioners. The Pullman Company
is an Illinois corporation, operating in
this State. Whether it comes properly
under the Jurisdiction of this State or not
is a question which will be no doubt con
tested, but the Commissioners rushed
into the midst of things yesterday when
they resolved to subpena the representa
tive of the Pullman Company in this city
for. the purpose of disclosing the affairs
of that corporation.
The Commissioners are anxious to force
a cut in rates for Pullman car service.
The resolutions adopted are as follows:
Whereas, The Pullman Palace Car Company
is a corporation organized under the laws of
the State of Illinois and Is, and for many
years last past has been, engaged In the busi
ness of transporting passengers from one place
to another In this State upon the cars owned
In whole or in part hy it; and whereas, this
board has the power and It Is Its duty to es
tablish rates ot charged for the transportation
of passengers by the said Pullman Palace Car
Company upon its said cars within this State;
and whereas, for the purpose of establishing
such rates of charges for the transportation of
passengers by the said corporation as afore
said this board has the power and It Is Its
duty to examine the books, records and papers
of the said Pullman Palace Car Company re
lating to the business transacted by It within
this State; and whereas, an Investigation by
this board of the books, records and papers
aforesaid of the said corporation for the pur
poses aforesaid is and is hereby declared to be
necessary; now, therefore, be It
Resolved, That this board proceed forthwith
to make such an examination of the books,
records and papers aforesaid of the said cor
portatlon. the Pullman Palace Car Company,
for the purposes aforesaid as by this board Is
deemed and considered necessary; and be It
further
Resolved, That for the purpose of said In
vestigation the secretary of this board be and
he is hereby dlreottM and instructed to issue
forthwith in the name of and under the seal
of this board a subpena directed to the Pullman
Palace Car Company, and to its superintendent,
Jesse P. Meehan. whose office and place of
business is In the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, and to serve
said eubpena forthwith upon the said Pullman
Palace Car Company and its said superin
tendent and make immediate return to this
board of such «Tvioe.
Senator Foraker writes about tho
control and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of E. B. Rambo (by F. J. Fletter and
Paul Bunker, trustees) to Charles Stewart, lot
on W line of Cough street, 40 N of Vallejo,
N 40 by W 70: $S7OO.
William, Anna, Emll, Wanda A. 0., Henry
and I/lllln.n .1. Merz to John R. Altken, lot on
E line of Rui-hanan street. 96 N of Hayes, N
24 by E 81 :S; also lots 31 and 32. block 52. Rail
road Avenuft Homestead; also property In Kern
County; also all property in Estate of Maria
C. Merz No. H'546, quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary H. Cunningham to Cornelia L. Nokes,
lot on N line of rtroadway, 137:6 W of Pierce
street, W 66 by N 137:6; $8500.
Savage Estate Company to Daniel Einstein,
lot on W line of Lyon street, 30 S of Oak, S
25 by W 95; $10.
Nicholas T. Romaine to Benjamin Romalne,
lot on S line of Jackson street, 88 E of Wal
nut. E 27:6 by S 127:S*; $10.
Benjamin Romaine to William Romalne,
same; $2500.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Charles W.
Trover, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 130
E of Castro. E » by S 1H: $10.
John A. and Abigail McConnell to James H.
Dearin, lot on S line Twenty-second street, 180
W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114: $10.
William T. and Anna C. Rowe to Walter I.
Tobln lot on N line Filbert street. 137:6 W of
Leavenworth, W 37:0 by N 137:6; $1500.
Estate of Alfred W. Clarke (insolvent, by
Clarence W. Ashford, assignee) to Occidental
Loan Association, lot on S line of Jackson
street, 171:10Va E of Hyde, E 34:4V4 by S 137:6;
$200.
Grace A. McGinn to Annie L., wife of J. W.
Wright lot on SW corner of B street and
Thirty-sixth avenue. W 120 by S 25; also lot
on W line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 75 S of B
street. W 120 by S 25; $10.
Eugene McGinn to same, lot on W line of
Thirty-sixth avenue, 25 S of B street, W 120 by
S 25; $10.
Ellen F McGinn to same, lot on W line of
Thirty-sixth avenue, 50 S of B street, W 120 by
S 25;' $10.
David D. Houston (by John K. Moore, attor
ney) to Frank Marty, block bounded N by H
street. S by I, E by Nineteenth avenue and W
by Twentieth avenue, quitclaim deed; $500.
A. K. P. Harmon and Etta H. Edwards to
Rolland A. and Mary A. Tuttle. lot on N line
of N street. 32:6 E of Eleventh avenue, E 50
by N 100; $10.
Wlllard A. Richardson to Julia A. Mead, lot J
on SE line of Mission street (as widened), 270
SW of Fair avenue, SW 30 by SE 141:9, lot 362,
P. V. lands, quitclaim deed; $1.
Paul R. ami Eleanor D. Jarboe to Rosa Gon
zales (wife of Felix Gonrales), lots 274 to 298,
Holliday map A; $1.
Mary H. Jarboo to Fame, same; $10.
Same, Mabel U. Sears et al. to same, same;
$10.
Same to Loon Wlnant, lots 2, 3 and 4. block
93, University Homestead Association; $10.
Mary H. Jarboe to same, same; $10.
Paul R. and Eleanor D. Jarboe to same,
same; $1.
John Norton (by D. S. O'Brien, commissioner)
to P. F. Benson, lot on SE corner of Thirtieth
and Merced streets, S 125 by E 57:6, lot 15,
block 24, Fairmount; $1295.
Josephine H. Fernald and Katherine Van
Dyke Harker (executrices of estate of Asa
Harker) to G. B. Passalacgua, lot on W line
of Charter Oak street, 175 N of Bacon, N 25 by
W 100, lot 25, block C, Haley purchase, $250.
James V. and Mary V. McQuade to Julia
Callnhan. lot on NW line of Natoma street,
75 SW of Seventh, SW S by NW 75; $10.
Same to E. McLaughlin, lot on NW line of
Minna street, 275 NE of Third, NE 46 by NW
SO; $10.
Alameda County.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Jennie A..,
•*lfe of J. E. Morris, lot ota S line of Thirty
sixth street, 216 W of Grove, W 60 by S 120:3,
being lot 11. block C. property of Central Land
Company, Oakland; $10.
Jose P. and Mary P. Coito to Adolph Zim
merman, lot 39. block 24, North Alameda
Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Adolph Zimmerman to Jose P. Colto, lot 40,
block 24. samp, F.ost Oakland; $10.
Henry J. and Louise Schlichtmann to Wil
liam O. Smith, lot 2, blo?k J, Golden Gate
Tract, Oakland Annex; $800.
J. Edwin Little to James R. Little, lot on W
line of Milvia street, 250 N of Virginia, N 50
by W 135, being lot 7, block A, Eureka Home
stead, Berkeley: $100.
William Jr. anA Juliet P. Lange to same.
lot on S line of Addlson street, 233 W of Shat
tuck avenue, W 50 by S 129.65, block 1, Shat
tuck Tract, Berkeley; $100.
H. A. and Christine S. Pleltner to Edward
W. Hind, lot on N line of Chicago avenue, f2
W of Prospect street, N 109 by W 78, being lota
10, 11 and 12, block F, Revised Map of Prospect
Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; SSOO.
William OBborn to Laura C. Osborn. lot on
S line of Eighth street, 56.46 W of Union, v\
30 by S 125, block 534, Oakland; gift.
Charles H. and Julia E. Walker to John W.
Hartzell, lot on 8W corner of Grove and Nine
teenth streets, S 27:6 by W 100, block 286. sub
ject to a mortgage for $3500, Oakland; *10.
Michel A. Tschurr to Louise M. Blen, lot on
NE line of East Fifteenth street, 59 NW at
Eighth avenue, NW 26 by NE 75, block .1,
Clinton. East Oakland; $10. . . „
Ora W. Jaycox to Warren Evans, lot a.
block C, Parsons" Golden Gate Tract, subject
to a mortgage for $200, Oakland Annex; $10.
Teresa J. Landregan (administratrix of estate
of Roger Landregan. deceased) to T. C. Land
r^srnn, lots 10. 11 and 12, block S. Landregan
Tract, Oakland Township; *4. r ,O. - ,
T. C. Lnnclregan to W. A. Shrock, same, Oak
land Township; $900.
Edmund and L. A. Atwell to Clara E. Reid
(wife of L. R.) subdivision 8 of lot 6, block
23, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
Andrew Jones to John Ruscelll. lots 23 arid
24, block K. Andrew Jones' subdivision. Brook
lyn Township: $500. _.
Frank and Lucy Shuttle to Laura A. Pln
ney (wife of H. n.). lot 45, block E, Melrose
Station Tract, Brooklyn Township: $150.
Julius A. Rmmel to Evelyn M. P° rt J";,,
on N line of Clinton avenue, 150 E of Willow
street, E 50 by N 130. block O. lands adjacent
to Encinal. Alameda: $42r>.
Builders' Contracts.
August Roth (owner) with W. Hfrstmeyer
A Co. (contractors), architects Salfleld & Konl "
berg. All work except painting, plumbing and
cement work for a 3-story frame building
(flats) on lot on W line of Buchanan street, 50
S of O'Farrell. R 25 by W 180; $4820.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 14.
Stmr Alcazar. Carlson, 57 hours from San
Diego.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Sept 14— Stmr Scotia, for
Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Del
Norte, from Seattle.
CAN FRANCtSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlirht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery stre«t,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open, until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. &A. M., ■
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- _J\_
[NO, September 15, at 7:30 -.vim-k. TCjT
Second degree. By order of the Master. 'Vi
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. & A. M., W
Masonic Temple. Second degree THlS_^\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sojourn- TLJT
Ing brethren are Invited. By order o(/»*
THOS. L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212, F. & A. M., meets THIS EVEN- _/V_
IXG at 7:30 o'clock for second de- jt3P
gree. By order of the Master. /^r »
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from %3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 843 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend N0T~59 (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Tuesday, September 20. IS9B. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, September
14. 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary-
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT German woman, good cook and house-
worker, |12 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish houseglrl; excellent
cook; best references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Putter st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
*10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN, also Swedish cooks, best of city
references, desire situations. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED, educated lady, competent
teacher of French and German, good sewer
anrl lnva.lid'B nurse, desires position of trust;
good home preferred to high salary. Frauleln,
care Redmond, druggist, northwest corner
Polk and Eddy sts. j
HIGHLY educated French girl wants situation
second work and seamstress or as lady's
maid or as governess to grown children;
could teach French language thoroughly.
Please call personally after 1 o'clock, 136
Tenth st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes
situation; good cook; will do light house-
work; kind to children; will work for mod-
erate wages; references. 3886 Twenty-third
St., near Sanchez.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes a posi-
tion as infant's nurse; city or country; wages
$20 to $2. r >; best city references. 613 Vi Haight
st., near Stelner.
REFINED, intelligent lady, with daughter of
12, desires a home; small wages and kind
treatment; not afraid of work. Address MRS.
A., 25 Ninth st.
GOOD woman wants work; is first-class in
most anything; Is strong and willing; goes
by th« day; $1 and car fare. 276 Jessie St.,
near Fourth, downstairs, room 1.
OMPETENT girl wants general housework;
has good references from the last place. C 6
Chesley st., bet. 7th and Sth. nr. Harrison.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation in Ameri-
can family as cook; wages $30; grood refer-
ences. Address box 1730, Call office.
BY neat, sober, trustworthy woman, any kind
of light work; willing and obliging; wages $8
to $10. Call 231 i* Page st.
MAN and wife wish situations In city or coun-
try; man to work on ranch, wife to cook.
Box 1258, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position to do housework
and cooking; wages $20. 2965 Sacramento St.,
near Broderlck.
YOUNG girl lately from the East wishes to do
upstairs work and mind children. Apply 1924
Ellis st.
LADY wishes to assist with housework, no
washing, $16 per month. 329 Jules aye., Sta-
tion L.
COMPETENT cook and washer, neat and ob-
liging, lately from the East, wants position;
city or country- Call at 206 Fifth st.
AMERICAN woman wishes to go out by the
day washing and Ironing or housecleanlng; $1
and car fare per day. Box 989, Call office.
TWO girls, 12 and 15, wish positions in private
family; good home an object. Addreda 643
Folsom st.
GOOD cook, mlddle-apred woman, wishes situa-
tion; city or country; good city references.
442 Minna st., between Fifth and Sixth.
GERMAN-AMERICAN widow wishes 2 or 4
hours' work a day or to help in a restaurant
kitchen. Box 1265, Call office.
POSITION at? housekeeper by woman, with
one child: references required and given. In-
quire 1772 Howard st.
GERMAN girl wants situation to assist with
housework In small family. Box 1253, Call.
YOUNG woman wantß work by the day or sew-
ing; good sewer. Box 1720, Call office.
LADY wishes to do chamberwork, $20 per
month. 329 Jules aye.. Station L.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework In small family. Apply 172 Russ.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wants
work by the day; 75c and car fare. 9 Seventh.
GIRL, 15, wishes situation as nurseglrl and up-
stairs work. Address box 1267, Call office.
EXPERIENCED refined young lady desires" a
position as housekeeper, governess or com-
panion; speaks French, German and Engllsn-
city or country; best references. MISS BFR-
GBR, 404 Eddy st.
WANTED— By competent person a position to
nurse or as companion to elueily lady can
take charge of children and will furnish jrood
references. Box 1246. Call office
MRS. L. HANLIN would like to let her cus-
tomers know that she has resumed sewing
NEAT reliable *lddle-a»ed lady wishes posi-
tlon as working housekeeper; wages il» to
$15; references exchanged. Address House-
keeper, 872 Broadway. Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day will
do cooking, housework or washing; is first-
class in every respect. Address A. E. T. SSI
Howard st.
GOOD respectable woman wishes position by
the day. week or month; cooking, general
housework or any kind of work; reference.
Address 387 Hayes st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG lady wishes position as second girl;
experienced and can give the best of refer-
ence; wages, $20. Address box 1252, Call.
INFANT'S nurse with first-class references
wants position; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 792 Harrison St., corner Fourth.
PROTESTANT elderly lady wishes light work
in nice small family. Address 41 Hill St..
above Valencia.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper in a re-
spectable family; no triflers. 36Vi Geary, r. 12.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman as
cook, or would keep house for an old couple.
1131 McAllister st.
YOUNG widow with two children wants posi-
tion in small family; small pay if good home;
reference. 727% Natoma st., bet. Bth and 9th.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
In small family; good cook; willing and oblig-
ing; good city references. Box 1235, Call.
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes nursing in re-
spectable family; ladles or children pre-
ferred. Address MRS. F. M. RAILTON, 30
Silver St., between Second and Third.
AN experienced cashier, with best ot refer-
ences, wishes a position to work over lunch
hours. Box 1229. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants work b;- day; plain
washing, housecleaning, etc. 1331 Fulton st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants situation as
chambermaid and assist as lady's maid; clty
or country; best references. Address box 313.
Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
_bestjielp. 414& O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
COACHMAN: single; Swedish; thorough expe-
rlence; good house worker and man about
place; sober; use no tobacco; not afraid of
work; many years with same employer; best
reference. Address A. R., 869 Mission St., city.
SITUATION wanted of any kind by man 23
years old; best of references as a fireman;
handy with carpenter tools; good pipe fitter;
_Bober and trustworthy. Box 1262, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED, reliable man will work for
board; good driver; handy with horses, cat-
tle, tools or indoor work; country preferred.
__Address for 3 days 158 Sagamore st., Stat'n L.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
Email hotel or restaurant as dishwasher,
kitchen hand or to make beds; last place 5
years. Address A. S., box 1255, Call office.
YOUNG man, 19, fair scholar, like work in
hotel, wholesale or retail business, any
kind, where could have chance to advance
or learn business. 217 Eddy st., room 8.
AN experienced grocery packer or porter would
like work of any kind; reasonable wages;
best of references. Address box 1131, Call.
6ITUATION as butler in private family or
first-class boarding-house by Bteady, sober j
young man. Address box 647* Call office.
MAN and wife wish situation in hotel or board-
ing-house: city or country. Box 1264, Call.
SITUATION wanted as yachtkeeper by a thor-
ough navigator. Box 1260, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a job driving wagon of
any kind or any work. 226 Third st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class general
machinist; good engineer. Box 1256, Call.
JANITOR, porter or other work by experienced
man of 42. 737 Howard, room 75.
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober, reliable, good
hand about place and garden; low wages;
good references. Address M. M., 537 Sacra-
mento Bt.
SITUATIONS wanted— Japanese couple; man is
cook; wife to do housework and wait on
table. Address M. N., 416 Post st.
WANTED— Situation as driver by a man well
acquainted with the city: speaks German and ;
English fluently. Address box 1250, Call.
GERMAN of 24 wishes work of any kind; tend
bar, wait on tables and make himself gen-
erally useful; city references. Box 601, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, bookkeeper and general
clerk, thoroughly capable young man, wants
situation; will go out of town. Box 702, Call.
A BELTMAN with good references wantß a
situation in any kind of a factory for belt-
men, and can do any other work besides. Ad-
dress Box 1234, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as lunch cook and bar-
tender; references. Box 1235, Call office.
GOOD cook and housekeeper wants position in
city or country. Address MRS. A., box 1122.
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
an<l bagg-ase to ami from ferry.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK. German style, $35. MISS^CULLEnTI2S
Sutter st.
RESTAURANT cook, $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French cook, $37 MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
GERMAN or French cook, $35. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Willows, $25, fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each, same hotel, coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French maid and seamstress, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nurse. $20. MISS CUL- :
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $?.0; German second girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL as companion, %U. MISS CULLEN. 325 :
Sutter st.
HEAD waitress for commercial country hotel
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook for first-class country hotel, $45 '
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
7 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20; .
3 restaurant waitresses, country, $20 and j
found; 2 chambermaids to wait, city, $20;
woman, cook, plain country boarding-house,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAGGIE ROBINSON^ hotel cook, recently
from Camp Taylor, call at once; important.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, Bakersfleld. $20; houseglrl, Sel-
ma, $20. see party here; housegirl, Benlcia,
2 in family. $15. nee lady here; cook, Ross
Valley, small family, $25, and a great many '■
girls for city places, $16 to $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Second girl. $25; 3 cooks, German
style, $25; German nurse, $20; laundress, prl- :
vate family, $25; mother and daughter for
cooking and housework, $25; 2 ranch cooks,
$15 and $20; restaurant cook. $25; restaurant ,
waitresses, $5 and $6 week, and girls for all
kinds of work In city and country. J F
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, institution, $25; cook. $30; house- ■
girl, $25; housegirl, San Rafael, $25, 2 in fam-
ily; Berkeley, $20; second girl. 2 in family
$20: S young girls to assist, $10 to $15; cook,
boarding-house, $25: waitress, same place
$15 to $20; cook, delicacy store, $20. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MASSEUSE for springs, $20; waitress, country
_$20._ HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny »C
YOUNG girl assist in light housework; sleep
home. 233 Fulton st.
TAILORESS on fine custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 1010% Clay St., near Powell.
NICE school girl can find good home; more
for company; terms $8 month. Box 1261, Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no cook-
ing. 1831 Eddy st.
GI I^ «1, asslst wlth general housework; 110
_1800 O'Farrell St., corner Stelner.
YOUNG j girl ■ to take care of young child and
_asslst ; . $S month. , 217 Third aye. %:
T rW J « RESS on cust om : coats; first class only.
527 Market St., room '426.. •; ;. ..- "
GIRL between 14 and 16 years for light house-
work. 7C Harriet st.
G Tw2ntii*th B8B 8 r t f ° r g: * neral hou sework. 3604
<3 l? 1 t' , t0^ d 0 cooking and milk in the country.
Girls Directory, Central aye.
W th N J ED ~~cs>°{? an '' t0 help ln ' restaurant
kitchen. > 830 Howard st. :..•
STRONG : girl, i help general ! housework; small
family; wages $10. : 816 Halght ; st. •
UNEMPLOYED women to learn .lucrative busi-
; ness. 997 Market St.'. room 209, 10 to , 5 p. m. 1 1
WANTED— young ladles for burlesque. Ap-
ply 1 clock Midway Platsance, 771 Market.
, WANTED— A good tailor to work in store. 224
*: Ellls-'St.", .- .:•;•■ v : r ■■.':.. -..■•-•■, ,  ..- . . .
GIRL between 12 and 13 years to help In small
-: family; ( good ; home; - small > wages. - Apply : be-
tween 1 and 3 at 1517 Dupont St., nr. Filbert.
50 OPERATORS on ; fancy wrappers and gowns
. and skirts. :; 13 First St.. NEWBAUER BROS.
EXPERIENCED apprentice .on custom • pants.
■2 1039 Howard st. '. . ■ . - v ■
GIRLS of all :i nationalities •to •' fill various po-
sitlons. German Employment * Office, , MRS.
I LAMBERT. 417 ■ Powell - st. ■
E S££S IENCEr> operators on shirts'.
BRENNER-ULMAN .' CO.; • 19 : Battery st.
EXPERIENCED operators ;i on electric power
TfiSyif m * chlnes on flannel shirts at GREENE-
k . BAUM. WEIL :& ; MICHEL' S. ; 531 Mission : st.
AN apprentice at •* M. DE s LICHAU'S t dress-
L making.Varlors, = 455 Geary/ st. ...
HELi.' WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG girl to take care of children. Apply
432% Fifth st.; restaurant.
TWO young ladles to introduce E<jry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshtrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36>4 Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
froe; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 103 lost.
Help "Wanteii— male.
RESTAURANT butcher, $40 and board; 5
waiter*, different country hotels, $25 and
found; waiter for bakery, $25 and found; sec-
ond cook for the mines, $35 and found; ranch
cooks and hotel cooks. MURRAY & READY
634 and 036 Clay St.
FRUIT PICKERS FRUIT PICKERS
Wanted — For a large orchard and vineyard
company, 20 men and strong boys to pick
fruits and grapes, work in packing and dry-
ing house, etc., $23 per month and found.
For Government work, see superintend-
ent here to-day
Concrete finisher, $3 day; 2 laborers'to
mix concrete, $2 40 day; we also want rail-
road teamsters and laborers, drillers, muck-
ers, drillers' helpers, etc. MURRAY &
READY. «34 and 636 Clay st.
FLORIST and landscape gardener. $25~and
found; carpenter, city work. $2 day; camp
blacksmith, $30 and found; blacksmith's help-
er, $»0 and found; 2 milkers, same dairy
$25 and found; woodchoppers and men to
make posts, tools and provisions advanced:
farm hands, choremen, etc.; laborers for the
mines, $160 to $2 50 day. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2o LABORERS, company work, $1 15 a day
and board
10 tunnelmen, $2 50 a day; 10 benchmen! $2 a
day, long job; 20 laborers. $1 75 a day
6 coal miners, see boss here to-day ""
lo 2- horse scraper teamster $25 and board
Zo laborers for a mine and smelter, m ex-
perience required, $1 60 to $2 50 a day.long Job-
a gang of teamsters and a gang of laboreri
for the coast railroad free fare
6 drillers for a quarry, $1 25 a day and
board; < laborers near city, $1 75 a day..
crosscut sawyer, $46: 3 barkers and buckers,
$3.> and board; 8 swampers, $35 and board
ranch teamsters, $26 and board; 7 farmers,
$20 and found
4 furnace men, $2 a day. steady' work!!!!!!!!!
2 blacksmiths, city. $35 and found and $30 and
found; 3 coopers, $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
CHEF, first-class hotel. $100; broiler, French,
$50; broiler, restaurant, $50; 3 second cooks'
$50 and $60; short-order cook, $45; 2 cooka.
$30: third cook, mining boarding-house, $30;
waiter, same place. $25; dishwashers and
kitchen hands. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BARBER for a country hotel. $10 a week and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HAND laundryman, $10 a week; ironer, coun-
try. $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
CLERK for a bakery, $20 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear" st.
WANTED — Experienced man for poultry ranch:
gardener and wife, $40 to $50: blacksmith. $2
day; carpenter, $2 day: man to wash and fill
bottles. $1 day; 8 more men for good mine. $10
and board: 2 quartz miners, $2 50 day; young
man living with parents for wholesale gro-
cery; small hoy for dentist's office: 2 men to
lay rock in concrete for country, $3 50 day; 3
firemen for country, $1 day and board; la-
borers for city and country and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook, hospital. $35; cook on farm,
$30; 3 waiters, country hotel, $25; 2 waiters,
lunch restaurant. $30; dishwasher, $25; cabin
boy and waiter for steamer, $20. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FOR mill company, 10 laborers, $26 and board;
10 woodsmen, $26 to $35 and board; 2 laborers
for salt works, $26 and board; coopers, $30 and
board: choreboy. country hotel, $15. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
! PORTER, $10 and found; must understand some
| bookkeeping. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
! TWO clothing salesmen wanted in San Fran-
cisco and oiip in each county in every State,
to take orders for our $5 to $I<"' made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats. Live men without
experience can make $150 per month. If you
can furnish satisfactory reference, we will
furnish a complete sample Mne and outfit,
and Ftart you at work at onco. For particu-
lars address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS-
CO., Enterprise building, Chicago.
WANTED— Round seam^rs for light Iron riv-
eted pipe. Apply Main st. entrance of Ris->
don Iron Works.
YOUNG man to assist in gent's furnishing
store; must have some experience. Call 440
Bush st.
TAILOR wanted. Call at K. NOWAK, 1&51
Union St., between Oetavia p.nd Laguna.
WANTED— Two barbers for Saturday and
Sunday. 9 Pacific st.
WAITER wanted at 1024 Hyde street.
AN* office boy wanted; state age and salary
expected. Address box 1263, Call office.
TAILOR and operator; good job. 20 Sansome
Ft., upstairs.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 .Sutter st.
WANTED— Strong boy who has worked at sign
painting. RIORDAN, 702 Howard st.
GOOD cook wanted; call early. 126 Ninth st.
WAITER. 1024 Hyde st.
WAITER wanted. 138 Polk st.
MAN or strong boy to carry morning paper
route. Call at 6 p. m. at 1002 Larkin st.
YOUNG German for kitchen work; wages, $15.
Corner Bush and Devisadero sts.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Bunday. 1!
Sacramento st.
SHOEMAKERS for first-class repairing. Ap-
ply 3329 Twenty-third st., near Mission.
WANTED— 3 first-class coat makers, LOUIS
DELIA. Seattle. Wash.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored), must
be competent and swell dressers. Apply Al-
hambra Theater, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
th°ir intention to become such; must be ot
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m.. at 1504 Park st., Alameda, of
a modern barber shop; investigate before
sale this chance of buying paying shop.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
COOPERS wanted for Santa Cruz; slack work.
Apply HENRY COWELL. 211-213 Drummst.
BARBER for suburban town; steady job. Ap-
ply 871 Market St.. opp. Powell.
WANTED— Thorough clothing salesman at
RAPHAEL'S.
SOLICITOR wanted in tailor business; refer-
ence; good wages. Box 1240. Call office.
BOY to do janitor work for his tuition at San
Francisco Barber School, 1384 Eighth st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 100 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't.* H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBF.RS" Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard St.
J J HEINZ. 630 Market st., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerk?. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER- HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, ; 25c night; reading room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTRAIT canvassers: men and women; com-
mission paid daily. 608 McAllister st.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling "<£«'% o ot
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co..
115KH Washington st.. Oakland. _CaK__^^
FURIVITURIsVvA2VTEP-
CASH - for ■ totures.'Tr^eri^srSn^".. mer-
chandlse; sold on commission; 0^ 1 , 6 - E.
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1»U4.,
; H. : BAUM ■ buys furniture and gewaml^Mr-
| eh.indlse. 1057 Market Ft.: tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS AID BOABP WAiV ' rED 'T~
TWO youiig gentlemen desire room private
family; home Privileges. Particulars box
. 1257, Call. of flee. - : ■ ■ ■'--■■■ ■■■-■'-• ■■■■■
BOARD • and, rooms In v Spanish - family by 2
• young men. Box 684, Call of flee, f: : ,._. . -_.ROOMS WANTED.
THREE gentlemen want rooms same floor
In private family, (Catholic preferred) grate
and running water; north of Market east of
Larkln. Address Box .1195, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books! periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
GOOD cash 'register wanted; must be cheap.
604 Third st.
WANTED— A second-hand tank. Apply to
STERN ITZKY BROS., tanners. San Bruno
road and Channel st., city.
■"'ANTED— Laundry route. Address box 1245,
Call office. ■ • . .
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! OMAR! ~" OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
' 325 EDDY ST., 325 — '
— MARVELOUS TESTS.
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
— — Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
• ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, burled treasures, etc. ; guaran-
tees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
■ ■ To unite the separated and
— — Cause speedy and happy marriages. — —
; OMAR
— - — Guarantees success In all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence. 325 Eddy St.. 325.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. ROMAINE '
— The Oriental Seer
■ »- Late of India
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated: causes speedy marriages: recovers
old estates; locates burled treasures in five
j days; never fails. Fees, $1 and $2. Satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for
special terms. Offices, 1206 Market st.
. ' Hours, 10 to 8. ■'• • >
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rros 26 & 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease- full life reading; la.
60c^ palm, and i'ln.ir. sit. sl 50. 126 Turk.
MME HANSON, palmlet, card reader- past
present and future;- 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; ?Sc up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
TOUR future told by cards for 25 cent*. 221
plxth st.
MME LENEMAR— Fortune by planets; pre-
dicted In 74 overdue steamers. 23^ 6th, room $.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS B BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladleg. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY trance test medium,
life reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies: cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings. $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
CIRCLE to-day I o'clock; Tuesday. 8 o'clock,
23c; readings $1. MAYO-STEERS, 112>4 Oak.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister st; come, skeptics.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. tli% Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing mo-
dium. lIS Halght st. . . ■
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 231 Valencia st.: read-
lnr«. $i; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. : Mon. 3: 15c.
HYPNOTISM
B. F. College Therapeutics. 305 Larkln St..
open day and eve, for patients and pupils.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we aek you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains {
in good second-hand uprights upon came easy j
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
e is., • fan FTanclaeo, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- j
thing possible dons to please and satisfy the
customer.
CALLENBERG A VAUPEL, $75; Marshall A
Wendell, $150; Sterling, $185: Vose, $195; easy
payments; guaranteed. BENJ. CURTAZ &
BOW. Chlckerlng Agents. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st ; they
are making room for fresh stock.
BOHMEP. * CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. *», 310. 312 Post st.
$110— A GOOD upright; little used. 2700 Sutter
St., corner of Lyon.
IT costs you $0.5 to see the pianos we rent for
$3 per mo. Scott-Curtaz l'iano Co., 560 Hayes.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new. $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A— UPRIGHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st. ,
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 186 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlbernla Bank. BCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. ■ KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old. and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
~~" ; HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Bales Yards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer. "
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioned.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — A fine Jersey cow for family use.
For particulars apply 219 Clara st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
i, 5 and 10 stamp quartz mills cheap; easy
_ terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
BILLIARD table; high grade. 1916 Brod-
erlck »t.
SIXTEENTH. 2910— Parlor suit < pieces; new
cost $75; wll sell for $40. -
SLOOP yacht for sale cheap; suitable for duck
hunting; 26 feet long. Box 1299. Call office.
SAFES— New and second-hand; chftaper than
ever. Herman Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, to per dozen;
proctoscope. $100. Bacigalupj. 938-952 Market.
J V R OOL ' . hoUf mover . dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BAFES-Bargains In new and second-hand : all
sizes; half original cost. 109-in Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES. ' ' ~~~
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, singer and~Whlte
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st"
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired. bought sold'
_ machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented-
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
. TYPEWRITERS.' —
ALL type writers sold and rented; few nartl'v
used for sale cheap; send for samples- anH
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Caligraph. fir,; Yost $2
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery. '
BICYCLES.
X - WILL sell 16 new 1897 high-grade bicycles
" (sold In 1597 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE. Twentieth and Folsom sts.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-$4000 ; PARTNER in hotel with grillroom";
150 rooms; long lease; $2000 or $2500 cash, bal- '
ance on time; a first-cless, paying place;
owner must have industrlou* nian for as-
sistant. Call on WILKE, 78SH Market st.
A— SI2OO— CORNER salooi. In wholnale district;
rent $30; lease; no night or Sunday work; ex-
ceijent paying; flrst-claßß custom. WILKE.
n ■ Market St.
$400— PARTNERSHIP" in" oIT estabUshed corn- i
mission business for sale; clears from $200 to \
?300 per month; sickness compels partner to i
_ retire. Particulars WILKE, 7824 Market st. ]
A -SISOO— FIRST-CLASS paying resort, conduct-
ed by in, lies, in lively manufacturing and
mining town about 80 miles from San Fran-
cisco: 3 elegantly furnished parlors. 6 bed-
rooms; dining and music room; piano; rent
!K<o per month; no opposition and the cream
of good-paying customers; a rare opening for
the right party. Particulars WILKE, .S3Vi
Market St.
A— SBOO—CORNER grocery and bar with four j
fine llvinu rooms; rent $20; choicest location: i
tlrst-clai-s paying; owner bought hotel in San
Jose, and must sacrifice; a bargain. Call i
_WILKE. 7534 Market st.
$00— BRANCH bakery and notions- living
rooms; cheap renti $6 dally. KREDO & CO.,
22H Geary st.
A- s7oo— Partner; milk route and boarding sta-
ble: 200 steady customers; 6 good horses, wa-
gons. buggltis. KREDO & CO., 22Vt Geary.
A-$209; tailoring and cleaning; 35 $1 50 monthly
customers: clears $2">o month; old age cause :
of sale. KREDO & CO., 22Mi Geary st.
A— Fine saloon, with side entrance, near Bald-
win: receipts $35 daily; cheap rent. KREDO
& CO.
$25 PER month for rent: roadside house, with
10 acres vineyard which pays over rent. See
Mclaughlin & co., ~: Market st :
CORNER saloon: bargain this day. Mc-
LAUOHLIN & CO.. 777 Marketjit^
GROCERY and bar; full value In stock. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st^
$10.000— GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town; stock by inventory: re-
tiring. Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
$175— GREAT bargain; cigars, notions, etc.: 3
rooms; really cheap at $2f>o; call to-day.
RAND & CO.. 917 Market st
SMALL business; u-.-l trade; must sell owner
having other business. THE REYNOLDS
CO.. 3T. Third st J .
$150— CORNER grocery and bar: 3 blocks from j
Market; cheap rent; good chance for busl- .
ness man. JONES & SEARLL, b6f. Mark-t
$4000, WORTH $5000— A beautiful home; newly
furnished; 5 rooms and baths; nice garden
and summer-houiie; large basement, floored;
brick foundation; lot :>0xl20; Ocean View;
must be sold owing to departure of owner.
Address box 997. Call office^
BARBERS, attention— 2sc shaving; best tran-
Flent barber shop In city: can be had for very
little money. Cull and Investigate at once
on BTOLTZ, 630 Market st^
GOOD bakery; only store trade; cash business;
good location; fine chance for baker. Apply
Call office.
FINE grocery and bar for sale; rare chance;
Al business. Box 1259. Call office^
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery. Second et., near Folsom. _
PARTNEK-llan with knowledge of baking
and confections; sma.ll cash required. 722 Ellin.
$3(IO— CORNER grocery and bar; good trade; a
bargain. 413 Fifth st., corner Perry.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtalnirtg an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry ■
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
BROS.. 543 Clay St., San Francisco^
$15<-,O_pARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity in the
wood working line: also house and lot with
Income rent of $19 per month, besides two
tiring rooms with workshop free: also ma- j
chinery and tools. Inquire at Call office.
MAN with $250 wanted In enterprising busl- >
ness: large profits: stock given hf security or
Interest in business and vice-presidency. Call
room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
BAP.BERS Investigate; good 15c shop; two
chairs, clearing $90 per month; lease; good
cigar trade: no reasonable offer refused. Ml
Telegraph aye., Oakland
GOOD chance: pali«>n and lodging-house, with
15 furnished rooms. U0 Fourth st.^
$50 ONLY, on account rf sickness; candy and
notion store; bargain^ Box IMP. CM office.
$500 - BOARDING-HOUSE with H furnished '
rooms; 21 regular boarders: trial before buy- ;
ing. Address M. J.. box 4. Call office. Oakland. |
$150— ELVERA dining parlors; account ot other
business ; first-class condition. 417 Mason.
j BARBER shop; good business; living rooms;
cheap rent. Nineteenth and Howard.
BAR and wine room for sale; a bargain. Cali-
fornia trine Co.. 12 City Hall Square.
$850— SALOON; old established: No. 1 location;
in Salinas City, Cal; must be sold at once.
Address F. F. G., P. O. box IS4. Balinas City.
GOOD paying saloon on San Bruno road; cause
of selling, retiring from business. Inquire i
1796 San Bruno road.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale on account
of sickness. 118 Second St., NW. cor. Minna.
PAYING butcher shop; established for years; !
best business street in town; sacrificed ac-
count ill health. Inquire Call office, Oakland. ,
jIO6O_COR. grocery & bar In Mission; owner i
there 7 years. Address Grocery. 368 Folsom. i
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment : 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, «23 Golden Gate aye. |
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'B. 415 Sacramento »t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— lB-room house; worth $1000 $ 450
20-room house on Kearny Bt. ; offer wanted.
21-room house; clears $185; only 850
60-room house, rent $75 750
38 rooms; corner; $300 cash 1,000
18 rooms, on California st 400
29 rooms: near the Palace Hotel 1,500
10 rooms; on Jessie st 250
20 rooms; sunny corner 1,100
15-room house; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $150 650
32-room house; bent In the city 1,000
12-room house; worth $800 300
60-room house; worth $$000 .'. 3,000
15-room house; on Rutter st 450
24-room house; clears $150 1,400
20-room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
Money to loan on any house — '
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$400— Loix UNO-house, 10 rooms and bath; all
rented; elegant location; 2 car lines pass
door. JONES A SEARLL, 865 Market st.
$225— LODGINO house. 11 rooms; Bplendld loca-
tion; close Van Ness aye.; furniture and car- '
peta good. JONE-S & SKARLL, 865 Market st.
$200 — LODGING house, 9 rooms; half block from !
Market; sickness cause of sale. JONES &
BEARLL, 566 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 GEARY ST.
11 rooms; fine residence; Geary St.; all
new; clears $60 monthly; must sell $600
14 rooms; bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clears $100 month 850
60 roomo; best on Geary st. ; clears $150;
nothing better ever offered 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
A— Bl ROOMS: south of Market St.; fine. ..sB2oo
14 rooms; near Call building; new 525
31 rooraa; transient; Market Bt BSO
20 rooms; select; transient; corner 650
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel 1800
F. C. HYDE A CO., 1306 Market st.
.LODGING house; hartraJn on account of de-
parture. MCLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 Market.
|2T0— 12-ROOM house; worth $500; north of Mar-
ket: must sell. BASILE. 873H Market st.
SO ROOMS; best paying house in city; part
cash: cheap. 106 New Montgomery st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 4 rooms. Call between 1 and
4 at 1250 Waller >t.
LOST.
CERTIFICATE deposit $300. Crocker- Wool-
worth National Bank, San Francisco, sfo.
26.038; dated June 14. 1898. Return to above
bank and receive reward. JOE D. BIDDLE.
IjOST— Kodak, on «-.'eotrtc oars In Oakland;
finder will be rewarded by returning to or
corresponding with us; reward $5. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay Bt.
FOX Terrier dog; ears black and spot In fore-
head: answers to "R4en«l." Reward at 813
Golden Gate aye.
TWO Italian bank books, 1 yellow and 1
green. G. BIBONTI. care Fugaai & Co., 6
Montgomery aye. ; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Fram-isco, In the |
name of JANE PAUL; No. 169-»82. The j
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Near Sunnyslde, large black Cocker I
spaniel, white breast and feet. Reward at i
2606 Diamond st. or Builders' Exchange, 40 '
New Montgomery st.
LOST— September 8, Fourth and Townsend sts.,
ladles' waiting room, satchel, money, keys; |
return keys; no questions. Reward at 311
Taylor st.
LOST— Train leaving the narrow gauge depot,
San Jose, at 3:44 o'clock, purse containing
medal valued as a keepsake and money. Re-
turn to Call offlce. Reward.
LOST^-A pase-book with The Hibernla Savings
sad Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MICHAEL J. O'CONNELL, No. !
110-206. Finder will please return to bank.
889 HAVES ST.— Branch of flea of The Call, j
Subscription and ads taken. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 189 S.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
COME in and fee my new parlors; room for all
now; halrdresting, 26c; hair restored to Its
natural color, $1 50 up; good switches, $1;
finest. $3 50; extra, $5; open Sunday 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at.
LEDERER'S Quinonia Is the best hair tonic.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
DR. A. W. McKENZIE has removed his dent-
al office from 115 Kearny st. to the Phelan
building, rooms 106 and 108^
SEND 25c and stamp; physician will answer by
sealed mall any medical questions you ask.
P. O. box 573. Oakland. Cal.
TWO youns ladles can procure good positions
to introduce • Egry Autographic Bales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS.. Agents. 543 Clay st.
ELEOTIIIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6. per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Ktarny St.: tel. Gr-on 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS GILLIOAN, dressmaking and ~cioai-
maklng school. 22S Grant ave^
iAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $5 j
up; dr*F»e« made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-tS.
HOUSES TO LET.
RAY^WINDOwTTouse of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth: rent $12 50; water fr«e. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath in good order;
north side. 252 O'Farrell st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery St.
3 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter; 5-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay .-a.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell st.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE place, SVi; ofT Taylor, near Post-
Upper 4 nice sunny rooms; $14.
BRAMNAN, 736, above Sixth—Nice flat of 3
rooms. $7; also !-room flat, $5.
BROADWAY, 1122A— Upner flat 4 choice sunny
rooms, $12.
CHATTANOOGA, 211— Lower flat, containing 5
rooms, bath; patent closet; stationary wash-
tub; large chicken yard; all In good order;
rent $8. water free. Apply on premises or to
MADISON & BURKE.
CLAYTON. 872. south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DUPONT, 1903, neni Chestnut— Lower flat, con-
taining 3 roome; newly papered; rent $7; key
at corner etore. Apply to MADISON &.
BURKE.
FI-AT of 4 rooms and stable; rent $16. 1 Isls
Bt., between Twelfth and Thirteenth, Folsom
and Harrison.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma St.. bet. Bth and 9th; $12.
FLAT 6 rooms, $14; also cottage 4 rooms. 623
Second st. ; Rlncon avenue.
F' ILBQM, 9r,i, near Sixth— Flat of 7 Bunny
rooms and bath.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat: 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $28.
HAIQHT, 848—6 rooms and bath; nearly new;
!;■'•
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Upper flat cf 5 rooms;
modern Improvements: sun; rent $16.
LOWER flat, 3 rooms; upper flat. 4 rooms and
bath: rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkln st.
NATOMA, 542— Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms, $14;
water and garbage paid.
NEW modern flats. 6 and 6 rooms; baths. 151
Vajenclat st.
NICE fiat of 5 rooms, bath and stable; fur-
nished or unfurnished. 120 Diamond st.
NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,
$85. 720 Powell st.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat; 7 rooms, bath;
cheap. NE. corner Dolores and 15th sts.
THIRD and Perry— New 6-room; bath; cellar.
Key 417H Third st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN * HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 SPLENDID flats; 6 rooms, bath; reasonable.
234 Day Bt., between Church and Sanchez.
'3-ROOM flat. Inquire at 3T>2 McAllister st.
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St.. near
Fourth.
$14— TO let — Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
5338 Twenty-sixth St.. near Capp.
$15— FLAT; double parlors, dining-room and
kitchen. 45 Hermann. June. Market & Valem ia
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second sts.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished, $6.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window
suites; 2 or 8 sunny rooms; gas or wood.
BUSH, 805— Newly renovated furnished rooms,
T5 mo.; also rooms euituble for light housekps.
CALIFORNIA, 1256— Housekeeping rooms;
light, sunny, upper or middle floor.
CAPP, 1005— Large sunny bay-window front
room and kitchen; complete for housekeep-
- Ing; bath; $12.
CLEMENTINA, 707, comer Eighth— Front
rooms complete housekeeping, with bath and
laundry room, $8 to $10.
EDDY, 483, near Leavenworth— Bay-window, 3
unfurnished rooms In new flat; reasonable.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
GOLIiEN GATE aye., 836— Pleasant sunny
front rooms neatly furnished; light house-
keeping if desired.
GOLDEN GATE are., 404— Bay-window sunny
parlor floor for 2 or 4; complete; gas range,
bath, etc.; $26,
HOWARD, 1068— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $8; single, $4 mo.
LAGUNA. 608, cor. Hayes — Large sunny front
room; electric light; hot and cold water; $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 811. near Sutter— t sunny
rooms, stove; housekeeping; young couple;
references; $10.
MINNA, 546 — Fun.lshed rooms for housekeep-
lng.
MISSION. 834—2 large sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping, $14; also one for $8.
MISSION, Ml, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 945—2 large sunny well-furnished
housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 953—1 or 2 rooms, furnished; house-
keeping; cheap.
NOE, 151—2 pleasant front roomn, large kitchen,
coal range, linoleum, tubs, bath, yard; $11.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Sunny front
rooms; mantel: kitchen; gas stove; $13.
POINT LOBOB aye., 2120—2 and 3 sunny fur-
nished housokpg rooms; $10 and $12; no child.
RUSS, 149— Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
pretty home for party without children.
SCOTT, 113— Two large partly furnished con-
necting rooms and alcove; bath, etc.
SHIPLEY, 259 — 4 rooms, $6; no children; no
animals.
THE Piedmont. U9A Plxth !<t.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD. 809— Large furnished room light house-
keeping, $6; single front room, $5.
TURK. 127 — Parlor for office; housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished.
TURK, 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekpg; gas; gas stove; bath; $14.
TWELFTH, 146 — Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, lir.4, near 22d— Large sunny front
alcove room and separate kitchen; also con-
necting rooms; bath, clocetß and sinks.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th A Washington.
ROOMS '-O LET.
A— 734 PlNK— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; gas; $6 month; gent only.
X— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite a-d single; first -clasa
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms: wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. ,
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water. :,
BOHEMIA. 259 Post. 2 blocks . from Palace
Hotel; elegantly furnished rooms; families
and gentlemen: all conveniences. ,
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant front room; - also : others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites. cheap.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
FOLSOM, Large sunny bedroom adjoining
cozy kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished j
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 056— Elegant sunny front parlor; also
suites; privilege *hkp.; other rms; gas; bath.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 260 to
$1; week, $1 to *4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Hsventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en culte and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
. rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth Sunny suite I for
housekeeping; suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER. 1901 Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
JESSIE. 164, corner Annie— Sunny rooms; single
$1; double $160 week; also housekeeping.
KEARNY 326— Furnished room; use of parlor;
gentleman or man and wife; private family;
cheap. Inquire shoestore.' • ■ - -
MANSFIELD— Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates. .'
MARKET, Nicely furnished suites; also
single rooms. ■ _^
MASON, 225— A sunny bay-window. room, nice-
ly furnished. $1 SO up; day, week or month.
MINNA, 667. comer Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 809, near Fourth— 2 parlors, suit-
able for doctor or couple; hkpg privilege.
NATOMA. 207, near Third— Nice large sunny
front room. ■ . ■ . - ■
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator: electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, Nicely furnished rooms; $5
to $8 per month. ■ - . '■ '■
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
tingle rooms: bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POLK, Eo7— Furnished rooms; running water;
sunny; also housekpg rooms; rent reasonable.
POST 622— Changed hands, renovated; newly
and elegantly furnished: single or en suite.
MRS. J. A. CALHOUN. formerly of Waldorf.
POST. 1011— Alcove front room, bath connect-
ing; also single room; gas; private family.
RENT FREE— At Soquel,' Cal., 3 rooms to a
middle-aged couple or some old lady; good
reference given. Address box 1733. Call office.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth. St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SIXTH, 405— Beautiful sunny furnished . parlor
suite; sun all day; single and" hkpg rooms.
SIXTH. 584—4 larß* sunny unfurnshed room*
and bath: large range; rent $10.
SUTT-ER, — Nicely furnished rooms; also
other rooms; terms reasonable.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
VALENCIA, 713— Suite of rooms or 1 or 2 sin-
gle rooms. - - . ■- . ;
WENDT Hotel. 22 Sacramento— rooming-
! house on water front; single. 26c up; week, $1
up; fine bar. connected with house. .'■•-. :
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AIuJOTSFORDTThe^
■ Broadway and Polk sts.; quiet, homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-$23 Grant are. -
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
' upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN. 444-6 (New Mechanics" Hotel)—
Board and room $4 CO per week; single rooms
$1 per week. ■ . ■
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location. - •
GEARY, — First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks: dinner, 23c.
HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family boardlng-
house; first class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
 rooms; beautiful, grounds; table unsurpassed.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water; $20; other rooms.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished ' sunny
Market fit. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly. • -
V,«N NESS aye., Elegant sunny rooms, en
■ suite and single; superior table; ret. required.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY living near Denman Grammar desires to
room and board young girl; music; reference*;
reasonable. Address E. D. T., box 1181, Call.
CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 131 Do-
* lores st.
WANTED— to board; good care and
home. 1480 Twenty-t <1 wye., E. Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
FIFTH. 415— Large store; 3 living rooms; yard;
water free; $14; good shop or store. \
LARGE store, four living rooms and basement.
1109 Howard et.. near Seventh; rent cheap;
sunny yard.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
. keeping, business practice, shorthand, . typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
.. electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
. veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since ISM; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
. branches and special course for civil service
examinations, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7107 S. Atherton.
'■' nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, mm
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. ' 811 Leav-
enworth, nr. Sutter; .- pri." tuition; voice cult.
PIANO and German; pupil pt Conservatory in
Leipslo; lessons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Ann is Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
I tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 672 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. • Press Club bldg., 118 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes: pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light It floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
S3 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up; sliver, 60c up;
bridge .work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
. work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Mason
St., corner Market; phone, : South 781. .- ■•■;
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed ■ 10 years;
. teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. | Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St. : telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market St., be-
tween Third and Fourth— Painless filling, ex-
tracting, crowning and bridging ,by use of
..electricity; plates. $5 up;nlllng, 60c up; crowns
" and bridges. $5 up; extracting, with gas. s $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
■ discoverer of , painless ■* extraction and . pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
■ out, plate, removed from 8 to JO O'Farrell , st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; -full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 26c up; all work pain-
' less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market at., corner Sixth..
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BRIDGE WORK—
New i York methods at New York prices ;• by
New York dentists. 989 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 Market St., near
' Eleventh ; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.. .
BET of teeth without ■ a plate. DR. ■ H.- C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. -.... . .X' ■ . ' :' : . .'. ':.- ....." ;
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
.W. KEY. 1320 Market St. : - - , , -.-,.-. :
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of ■ The Call.
• Want ads and subscriptions taken." '
: . \ :': ;, <;?.&. :'-.', STORAGE.'-.*; : ;>;;.-.V-,'; ■_■. J
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and .Moving Co.,
tl office Tenth and Market; telephone; South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, 840 Mission at. ; ■ teL : Mint ' 182 L j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
!■■■.. .—_..— ..■.■■■. ~: — - — .r....;- r -. — --■■-./
For sale by order of mortgagee—
St.. near Octavia; $7600: a nice modern home;
contains 10 rooms, bath, etc.; extra, large lot;
runs through to rear street; rent . sBs. BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
A good Investment— s6ooo; under lease for $55;.
krt 3UxU3; close to Golden Gate Park, on Pan-
handle; 2. handsome new flats, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath, etc., each; call for particulars. BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$6500— Fine new flats facing Golden Gate Park
Panhandle; rent $60; contain 6 and 7 rooms,
bath, etc; lot 25x100; Oak st. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
Handsome flats facing Jefferson Park; $12,000;
rent $1140 per year; lot 30 feet front; splendid
neighborhood; only a short walk to Market st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,' 10 Montgomery st.
Business corner; $1250; Baker, near Green-
wich; close to main gate, Presidio Reservation; I
stores adjoining. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st. ,
Big interest— rent $30; Shipley St.. near
Fourth: 3 flats. 4 room's each; make offer.
BALDWIN 4k HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
Brand new flats; Just finished— s6soo; rent
$60; handsome new flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath,
etc., on Page St., near Octavla; good renting
property; close to town. BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery at.
$3000; rent $32; lot 25x120; Fourth aye., near
Clement; two good flats of ■ a rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
- $22,000; Geary, near Jones; good three-story
building, under secured lease, which has 2V4
years to run; large lot; rent $175. BALDWIN
& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
Handsome Western Addition; great sacrifice;
$8000; foreclosure sale of a splendid modern
residence of 15 rooms. 2 baths, etc. very com-
plete; large lot, 27:6x137; good marine view;
Green st., near Scott. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. s
Foreclosure ' sale — Terms same as rent; $2600;
nice cottage near Twenty-third and Church
sts.; contains 5 large rooms and bath; extra
large lot, 32:6x117 to alley; plenty of room for
stable. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgom-
ery st. /
Will take Western Addition lot In part pay;
we have a fine income property; flats paying
over 10 per cent; price $6.',00. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, First Floor.
, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT; JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! ' PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mlssion-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
..,-'■ SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS! ~
$400, $460 to $850; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly. ■ •.
, . SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $450 .TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots: street graded and sewered; $23 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
$1700— HANDSOME cottage. 4 rooms; bath;
basement: large lot; street work done; %
cash. Apply 324 North aye.. near Cortland st.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause) ; safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and. treatment have never been known to
fail; travelers helped without delay; home In
' confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills
and capsules, $1. MRS. DR. WYETH. 208
Turk st., near Jones. ■,■ .
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy: and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. ;
A BOON for the women; women's* troubles al-
leviated by the Utilla wafer: A POSITIVE
. COUNTER AGENT; used externally; results
guaranteed; price $2; sent by mall or ex-
press; all correspondence strictly confidential
For sale by the BURTON CHEMICAL CO.
119-121 Ellis St.. 8. F.
ALL of Dr. Fouler capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; -taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
NEW prooess sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and bow long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day;, safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills, and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician, for
, 37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrlcs specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy St.. chronic and complicated dis-
: cases cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying • pri-
v acy of home with experienced attendant!;
strictest confidence maintained in all cases;
consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
borne for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), beßt: safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden. Gats
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; . terras
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPKAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C- O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a flrst-clais
German midwife; Infants adopted Into good
homes. 013 Turk St., near Lark in.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 88 years' experience. 254% Fourth it.
MRS.' ACHARD, I midwife; sunny, pleasant
• home In confinement. 156 Second st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
, Call. Sent to 'any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpeta. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth lit.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, $53-57- Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
3. - McQUEEN'S CaL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Btevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; relald at 3c
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth st. s tel. . Jessie 944. .•
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st. ; cleaning 8c 1 yard; tel. Mission 74. ;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 133 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ;- : /,
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutler St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. .
; ; ' v ' ATTORNEYS rAT LAW. ';. /-I ■' , ' . ;
L. S. CLARK— Emma Sprecke'ls bldg., 927 Mar-
. ket; consultation free; no fees in advance. ■ "
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, »27, Market st. :. -
' / .-;'; ■" ; LEGAL NOTICES. ..
DISSOLUTION of Partnership— Notice la here-
by given that the partnership heretofore ex-
isting between EMIL COHN and ISIDOR K.
'; LEWIS, under . the . firm > name and style of
The . Empire. Shoe ■ Company, has this day
■ been dissolved by "mutual consent; "'--.• .
.Dated at San Francisco this 13th day of
! September, 1898. (Signed) cohn. :
EMIL COHN.
ISIDOR K. LEWIS.
' To all whom It may concern— Notice Is here-
by given that ,I, EMIL ■■ COHN, Zof the ' city
-and county of Ban -Francisco, will continue
the business heretofore conducted, by EMIL
COHN and : ISIDOR K. LEWIS. ; under the
; * firm ■ name "' and ■■ style j- of ; The ■ Empire • Shoe
Company, under the same name, • namely, ; The
Empire Shoe Company. That I have assumed
and- will discharge all the | liabilities , of the
said ■: copartnership. The .'■ Empire - Shoe • Com-
i . .- pany, and that ■ I am ■ authorized to receive
'• and receipt for all money* due said firm. ..'■**
1 - Dated at • San a Francisco this 13th day of
,: September. 1398. - EMIL COHN. v
COUNTRY RE ESTATE.
AMONG the orange groves of Placer County;
20 acres in full-bearing orchard; early and
late shipping fruit; line improvements ;■ for
sale at a bargain.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
FOR CHICKEN RANCHES— "~
Acreage property in Oakland suburbs on elec-
tric car line; in subdivisions to suit; price $103
per acre and upward
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
TEXAS lady visiting California wishes to sell
. fine Texas ranches from J4 to $20 per acre In
all parts of Texas: would exchange. MRS P.
T. NORWOOD, 1356 Harrison st.. Oakland.
HERE is a bargain ; 158 acres, 2-story house,
good barn: appraised value, $2380; 100 acres
level, finest moist loam soil ; 2 miles from
town on main county road; owner going East;
• $1000: don't miss this chance. THE REY-
NOLDS CO., 35 Third st. •
TO RENT in Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek: 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150
acres land; well watered, wooded; 350 acres
good grain land; balance, excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch; R. R. facilities;
crops never fall. R. E. Rowland, Orinda Park
I FOR Sale— ranch, 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land; remainder grazing, hill
land: abundant . feed; well sheltered and
watered; situated in Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Ctfll. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property: fine. lane%
lot; best buy in Oakland; Galindo Tract,
East Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Peralta are.
and Belmont st; price $1100.
$125— Grand building lots'; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St., corner Broadway, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR SALE— Nice 4-room cottage, hard fin-
ished; bath; brick well; large lot; near
Berkeley local; school and 2 electric car lines ;
$400 cash, balance same as rent; no agents.
For particulars address S. R., box 4, Call of-
flce. Oakland. ; *
OAKLAND HOUSES. ■
TO Let— Country cottage, new, pretty, all con-
veniences, partly furnished; fine view; good
climate; half hour's drive from Oakland;
terms for winter low. Box 694, Call office.
WANTED— FAMILIES FOR 200 HOUSES
in Oakland; rent is cheap and we have the
beet of every kind: write (stating want) .or
call for list. WM. M. DE WOLF, 1058 Broad-
woy. Oakland. r .. ■
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. 80S 27th St.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. HKI.L-
HAAB' old store, 408 Eleventh Bt. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE!
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED. ..
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
. $1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. •
FOR Cheap: 35x115; house and lot. 1825
Pacific aye., 2 blocks from Grand station.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
FINE home near the hills; large house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley
Station. •
ORDERED by the bank to sell: house -of 5
„ rooms. In thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walks; near
Dwlght way station ; '• a first-class chance for
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station. ' .-,",... . .
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest- rates, without
removal: no commission : no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
* tain liberal advances !on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up-
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 8% per cent on real estate; 2d
' and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rrn. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money ■on any propo»i-
tlon; city, country: furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal- no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates: city and
etu.--.try. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
. estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg •
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor Clay-Open until 9-30
O'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
~ FINANCIAL. -..' ;'
FOREIGN and home capital toTnvest! SYL^
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS. ■ ' ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and resfd'enceT
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. : ; .
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
G. T. Emerson and Katie C. Strickland.. 42-35
Harry Palmer ■ and Mary Hoppins 23-21
George C. Klpp and Emma Taylor 23-18
James Clark and Stella Thompson 30-21
Tony Del Monte and Ella Desmond 19-16
Marco Pedottl and Matilda Pennonl.. ■. 33-21
John S. Recend and Maria C. Souza.... 41-24
Paul Daly and Mary A. Lyons 27-20
Charles Thorp and Maggie Robinson 40-36
Fentus M. Griffin and Onezema Cadleux.. 27-32
Nick Lutich and Lily Isaacs....'.. 24-18
Josef Schafer and Helena Hoeft ...:. 23-22
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and - death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must- be
handed in at either of the publicantion offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the. same published.
BORN. .
EUBANKS— this city, September 7. 1898, to
; the wife of J. Cal Eubanks, a daughter. .
HEINZE— In this city. September 12, 1898, to
the wife of Joseph Heinze, a son.
LAWLER— In this city, September 10. :'IS9S to
the wife of Joseph Lawler Jr.. a daughter
MURPHY— In Holltster, September 13, • 18!)8. . to
■ the wife of Thomas E. . Murphy, (nee PI rat-
sky), a daughter..- • ■"■. -■■■.■
WHEARTY— In this city, August 22, 1898, to
the wife of P. F. Whearty, a daughter. ■
i MARRIED.
HOFFMANN— In this city, Sep-
tember 10,- 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
August Pepercorn and Anna Hoffmann, ■■•
■■■:•: ~~~ ■ DIED.
Costello, Michael ' Meiyer,, Bridget
Coakley, Mary ..-. • . Mengula, Antonio
Curtln. Julia B. . Murphy, Luke
. Edwards. Martha A. O'Donnell, Jane
Gallagher, Peter V O'Neill, Francis J.
Gannon. . Mary > Oman. ■ Ann
Hartnett, William • Panetto, Fred
' Hendnxsen. Henry Bllva. Mamie
Hilderbrand, Henry ■ S.urdry, 'Claudlne ■
Keenan, Owen- - Stephenson Elizabeth
McCormiok Rosemary Sullivan, Maurice
Matthews, Emma E. Tapper, Geonr*
Mead Jr.. Charles H. Towle, Mary E.
COSTELLO— In this city, September 13, IS9S,
Michael Coetello, a native of ■ County Clare,
. '. Ireland, . aged '. 52 ' years. (New ■ York ; papers
please copy.) - ' "'""" '" "
Friends ■ and : acquaintances and officer*
and members of Marine. Engineers' Beneficial
Association No. 35 are i- respectfully Invited
• to . attend the * funeral this , day , (Thursday), ■
at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Jules S.
' Godeau, .- undertaker, 305 Montgomery - avenue.
: Interment ' Holy ' Cross Cemetery. ■ : V - • ■
NOTICE— M. E. B. A. No. 35: 1 Members please
meet this : day *. (Thursday), at >1" o'clock at
I rooms to attend funeral of late Brother Cos-
~ tello of No.'. S3 of New York. : .■-■ - * ■ •
- J. E. O'BRIEN, President. :
J. J. r SEAREY, Secretary.
COAKLEY— In this city, Mary Coakley, aged
6ti years.
CURTIN— In this city. September 18. ISSB.
Julia B. Curtin. beloved mother of Mrs. J.
Mulcahy and Mrs. ,7. T. .an Why, a native
of Cahlt-cuveen. County Kerry, Ireland. (New
York City papers please copy.)
ll^ Friends am! acquaintances ar° respect-
fully Invited to atten* the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:M o'clock, from her late
residence, .'.06 Natoma street, thence to St.
l'atrick'-s Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city, September 14. 1898,
Martha A. Edwards, beloved mother of Eva
J. Mills and Arthur A. Edwards, a native of
Texas, aged 51 years.
GALLAGHER- In this city, September 13. 1898,
Peter, beloved husband of Mary ... Gallagher,
and father of William Everett Mrs. C. E.
Phelan, Mft. E. P. Edstrom and Mrs. J. H.
Kelly, a native cf Ireland, aged 75 years.
IWFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully In\lted to atten.l th- funeral this day
(Thursday), at »:» o'clock, from his late
residence. 858 Hayes street, then.c to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn renulem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
cummencine at i> o'clock. Interment Holy
C'ri.ss Cemetery.
GANNON— In this city. September 12. 1898,
Mary, beloved wife of Peter Gannon, mother
of Mary and Sarah Gannon and the :ate Mag-
gie McSwegan, and grandmother of Mamie
McSwegnn. a native of County Derry, Ira-
land, aged 58- years.
E7"Frlends nnd acquaintances cr» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 528 Alabama street, between Seven-
teenth nnd Eighteenth, thence to St. Charles
P.nrromeo's Church, where a solemn requiem
rrass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAHTXETT-In this city. September 13, I«9S.
William, beloved husband of the late Mary
Hartnett. father of James P Hartnett, grand-
father of Mary and the late Daniel W. Hart-
nett, and uncle of Mrs. John Donnelly, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, aged 7S years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Neeß
avenue and O'Farrell street, at 11 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENDRIXSEX— In this city. September 14,
ISPS. Henry, beloved husband of lizzie Hen-
drixsen, and brother of R«lnhardt Hendrix-
sen of Eureka, Cal.. a native of Norway,
aged -l!> years i months and 7 days.
HILDERI3RAND- In this city. September 13,
18.95. Henry, beloved hu.<o>un.l of Cecelia Hil-
derbrand, son of Conrad and Susanna Hilder-
brand, and brother of Llllle. George and
Eddie Hilderbrand, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years S months and 7 days.
ITl?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:3w o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 812 Turk street, between Franklin and
(Jough, thence to St. Paulus' Evangelical Lu-
theran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at m o'clock, thence by special
train from Twenty-fifth and Vatencla streets
at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KEENAN— In thie city. September 14, 1898,
Owen, beloved husband of Mary Keenan. and
father of May, Joe and Susie Keenan. a na-
tive of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 58
yoar» 4 months and 13 days.
irTVriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 410% Thirteenth street (formerly
Ridley street), thence to Kt. Joseph's Church,
where services will be celebrated for the re-
I" sf of his soul. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MccoRMICK— At her late residence, 1831 Va-
llijo Ktn-et, September IS, \BW, Rosemary G.
Mr/Vrm!ck, beloved daughter of John T. and
Mary A., and sister of St. John E.. Charles
M., Ethel and Marshall McCormlck, a na-
tive of Sun Francisco, aged Si years 5 months.
[CTFuneral will take place from her late
residence to-niorrow (Friday), at half-past
nine o'clock, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated at ten o'clock for the repose of her
soul. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Friends are invited to attend. No flowers.
MATTHEWS— In this city, September 13. IR3B.
Emma Elizabeth Matthews, beloved daughter
of Jane Brown, a native of Jamaica, aged 41
years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent, Eleventh street, between Market
and Mission. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city. September 14, 1898, Charles
H. Mead Jr., beloved husband of the late
Jeunette Mead, and father of the late Nettie
liogart, a native of Norwich. Conn., aged 55
years 7 months and 17 days. A member of
California Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.. and
Golden Gate Encampment.
E7"Relatlves and friends a>re respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral to-morrow CFrl-
day). at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
1219Vj Golden Gate avenue. Interment Odd
Fellow?' '<-retery. Please omit flowers.
MEIYER- i i city, at the Potrero, Septem-
ber 13, lh. \ • Melyer 'nee Herrald).
beloved wlfi • John L. Melyer, and mother
of the late Mxt>, Maggie Suttey, a native of
the parish of Droniiskin, County Louth, Ire-
land, aged 57 years.
IT^Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thlß day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 82S lowa street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth. Potrero. thence to
St. Teresa's Church. wher» mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MENGULA — In this cltv, September 13, 1898,
Antunlo, beloved son of Eugenia and the late
Antonio Mengula. and brother of Frank L.,
Lorenzo J. and Madeline M. Mengula, a na-
tive ot San Francisco.
C7Rflat!v-8 and friends are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence.
138 Arlington street, thence to St. Mary's
Colloge Church. Mission road, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebratPd for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock- In-
terment Odd Fellows' Ceroeterv.
MT'RPHT— In this city. September 14, IR9S,
Luke Murphy, beloved brother of Michael
Murphy, a native of tho parish of Glemore.
County Kilkenny. Ireland. vtA 36 years.
(CTFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:3n o'clock, from the parlors ot
the Ur.ked Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thenci^to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In this city, September 14, 189 R.
Jane, wife of the late Hugh O'Donnell. sister
of Mrs. Mary Collins anil the late Eugene
McCarthy, and dearly beloved mother of Eu-
gene O'Donnell. a native of Ktllarney, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 6fi years.
(CTFrlends and! acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3d o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 321 Twenty-ninth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the renose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
O'NEILL— In this city, September 14. 1898.
Francis J., only and darling child of Frank
and Lizzie O'Neill, and grandchild of Mr.
and Mrs. J. Conar, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 14 il:iys.
OMAN— In this city, September 13, 1898, Ann.
beloved wife of Charles Oman, and mother of
Mrs. Mamie C. Byrne and Annie. Charley
D. and Henry Oman, a native of Manchester,
England, acred 46 years T, months and 12 days.
ICT Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvfted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1U:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 232 First street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
PANETTO— In Delano, September 14. 1898,
Fred, beloved husband of Lena Panetto (nee
Stevens), and father of Genevieve and An-
gela Panetto, a native of Marseilles, France,
aged 32 years.
SILVA— In thla city, September 14. IS9S. Mamie,
beloved daughter of Samuel and Katie Silva,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years.
SOURDRY —In Oakland, September 8. IS9B,
Claudine, beloved wife of the late John G.
Sourdry, and mother of Countess de Begon of
Paris, France, .and the late Kdouard V. Sour-
dry, a native of France, aged 74 years t
months ami 14 days.
• p^rFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. SS Santa Clara strevt. thence to
St. Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn
high requiem muss will b<? celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at in o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery, San
Francisco, via the 1! o'clock boat.
STEPHENSON— In Melrose, September 16, IS9B,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Robert Stephen-
eon, a. native of England, aged 73 years and
4 months.
EULLIVAN— In this city, September IS, IS9B,
Maurice, dearly beloved husband of Katie
Sullivan, father of John, Maurice. Eddie and
Ella Sullivan, and brother-in-law of Ser-
geant Hldwlll, a native of Albany, N. V.,
aged 47 years. (Chicago papers please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvftWl to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1512 Hyde street, thence to St.
BriKid's Church, corner Broadway and Van
Ness avenue, where a requiem high mass will
b« celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
munclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Crmetery.
TAPPEK —In this city, September 14, 1898,
George, eldest and dearly beloved son of
Edward and Emilia TapDer. and brother of
Louisa, Edward Jr. and Ernst Tapper, a, na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 10 months
and C days.
TOWLE— In this city, September 13. isos, Mary
E.. motner of Samuel W. Towle. daughter of
'William Warren Hunt, and sister of Olll«
Raw son of San Lcandro, a native of Illinois.
aged 38 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BTTILDING ASSO-
oiation — The regular monthly requiem high
ii.u>s for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner
streets, this day (Thursday), at 7 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
1°"" McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAIiMERI
20 FIFTH 8T , opp. Lincoln Boh Ml.
Telephone, _South_Bo;
1314
THE SOLDIER
MURDERER IS
UNCONCERNED
Rosser Arraigned in
the Police Court.
SAYS THAT HE IS NOT GUILTY*
HIS CASE CONTINUED UNTIL
TO-DAY.
Tennessee's Regiment Swells the
Day's Occupants of tho
Prison and tho
Dock.
Walter Rosser, the young Tennessee
volunteer who wantonly murdered Hen-
ry Hllderbrand in the Spreckels Market
Tuesday afternoon. Is appearently un
moved at the fearful predicament In
which he 1b placed. If a sober apprecia
tion of the gravity of the crime charged
against him on the City Prison's blotter,
together with its probable consequences,
has not sufficed to bring him to a full
realization of his position, then surely
It would seem that the ruthless, unpro
voked slaying of a fellow being, the be
reaving of a young wife, the brand of
Cain which must accompany him through
life — If he Is fortunate enough to escape
the gallows — would overwhelm him with
the agony of remorse.
But yesterday, with the awakening
from a drunken stupor, and through the
long day and evening, Rosser appeared
but little disconcerted. He slept during
the major portion of the night, fitfully
and uneasily the prison guards Bay, but
before the sun had risen he chatted
freely with the attendants and officials
in whose custody he is about the shoot
ing of Hllderbrand.
To them he asserted that he had no
recollection of the slightest detail of the
tragedy, but his only expressed regret
was for his own welfare and concern.
Indeed, so absolutely lacking in emotion
did he seem in discussing his awful
crime that it may eventually appear that
he is a proper subject for a study by a
Lombroso or some other alienist.
The formation of his head is peculiar,
even abnormal. The cranium is large
and bulging, the lower part of the face
and Jaws pointed, the eyes restleas and
retreating; and while his general cast of
countenance is neither disagreeable nor
repulsive, the expression Is far from re
assuring, lie occupies a cell with two
Other prisoners, but was released at fre
quent intervals yesterday in order to con
sult with frienas and members of his
regiment who had called to see him.
i.Arly In the forenoon ha was visited by
ex-Juuge James H. Guerry, formerly of
the Georgia Supreme Court bench and a
recent comer to this city, and George k\
Curtis, ex-law librarian of the Congres
sional Library, Washington, L>. C. also
a. new comer here. These two gentlemen
consulted for some time with Robber, and
then he was iiandeutfed and taken by an
officer to Judge Joai-himsen'a court. He
sat in the deck, wearing the clothes In
wnich he had been arrested, and after
two potty cases had been quickly di»
potst-u of the clerk called from his list,
"Waiter Kosser, murder." The hangers
on, who niied Uie court room to the
doors, stretched their necks In anticipa
tion, and the prisoner stood up at once
in response to his name.
Roaeer paled a Uuie as the warrant was
reau, but displayed no other evidence of
interest in a scene wherein he was the
central figure, ills attorneys asked for a
continuance, first entering a formal plea
of not. guilty 111 behalf of their client, and
Juage joaciiimden at once lixed the hear
ing for this morning. This was done in
order that the testimony of two witnesses
for the defense, members of the Tennes
see Regiment who are about to leave the
city, may be taken. It is not likely, how
ever, that further evidence will be heard
until after the iii Quest.
Rosser was immediately returned to the
City Prison, wnere he spent the balance
of the day in talking with members of
his command. Lieutenant Colonel Child
ers. Major Maguire and two other officers
called upon him shortly before 5 o'clock
and held an earnest conversation with
him. None of th<- party would vouch
safe any Information a« to the object of
the visit. Ac Colonel W. C. Smith, who
commands the Tennessee Volunteers, Is
a very Intimate friend of General W. H.
L. Barnes, It is not Improbable that the
latter may be retained to defend Rosser.
Autopsy Surgeon Gallagher made a
post-mortem examination of Hllder
brand's body yesterday. He found that
the missile, a 32-caliber bullet, had en
tered the left side two Inches above and
to the left of the nipple. It ranged down
ward, passed through the left lung and
the left ventricle of the heart, severed
th^ aorta, and then plowed Its way
through the right lung, lodging between
the sixth and seventh ribs. The bullet's
tortuous course showed that Hllder
brand was in a stooping position when ho
was struck, and It was also made clear
that he died almost instantly.
A Tennessee private soldier. Polk, who
is said to be a grandson of the President
of that name, stated yesterday that he
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CULtMA BABY
Whole Body a Mass of Sores,
Doctor Could Not Cure.
Tried CUTICURA.
Speedily Cured. Now Fine Hair
And Clear Skin.
Our baby at the age of four months ma
sickly, and broke out with Eczema on his face
and body. He was a mass of scabs. The doc-
tor could not cure him. One day I saw your
advertisement in the newspaper, and I got
CmcuKA Remedies at once. I used one box
of CcncDßAf ointment), one bottle of Ctrri-
CCBA Resolyf-vt. and three cakes of Cun-
critA Soap, and he tea* cured. He is now
seventeen months old, weighs 46 pounds, and
has the finest head of hair and clearest skin
you would want to see. LOUIS BENZINGER,
Feb. 3, 1898. 2750 Bth Aye., New York City.
ECZEMA OIiLEG CURED
BY CUTICURA
I had a sore on the upper part of my leg that
three doctors called Eczema. Such pain I
never experienced in all my life. I read in
the papers of Ccticura Remedies, and I
bought the Crncriu Resolvent, Cuticuba
Soap, and Cuticcba (ointment).*
The first time I used them was before I went
to bed, and I slept more that night than I had
for two weeks before, and from that time on
it got better, and to-day it is entirely gone.
Feb. 3, 1898. C. BUNKER, Mount Joy, Perm.
BrßiDTCrKsTiiA™irrro*AU.SKi»,
aitd Blood Htrxou.— btthi with Coticcba Soap.
f«nil« indntlnp with Ccticcia (ointment), purest of
•molllent akin cum, and mild do«» of Ccticcia Bjsol-
tsjtt, (rMtnt of blood purifiers and humor caret. ..
Sold throughout the world, PottxbDhto
Conr..Bnle Prop* , Hoeton. " - _ ■'*-"* iZ? ' ~
. ■r- " How to Cure tho Wont Eoxema," m«n«d tn*.
left the Presidio with Rosser during the
afternoon and visited Robert Davis, at
. St. Luke's Hospital. Then they came
downtown, he said, and together they
had a few drinks. •'While Rosser was
with me," Polk asserted, "he drank only
Rhine wine, but he may have taken
something stronger after we separated,
at about 5 o'clock. I was with him an
hour before that when he bought a re
volver at a second-hand store. 1 think
1 can locate It."
The Police Courts had a large quota of
soldiers to deal with, and as a result of
Rosser's deed the Judges were not dis
posed to show them much leniency, ex
cept in cases where drunkenness only was
charged. A dozen of the latter descrip
tion were freed early in the morning, but
thoy were at once arrested by a detach
ment from Company A, First Tennessee,
under First Lieutenant Whitthorne, and
carted off to their camp in patrol wagons.
Captain Gillan and Lieutenant Pitcher,
with another squad of Tennesseeans,
also took nine of their regiment into
- custody after their dismissal in court,
and these followed their comrades.
James Timmons of Compajiy C, First
Tennessee Volunteers, was charged be
fore Judge Conlan with discharging his
revolver within the city limits at the cor
ner of Bush and Montgomery streets, and
h« was awarded six months In the County
Jail for his recklessness. Judge Conlan
took occasion to remark that many of
the soldiers had taken advantage of the
kindness of our citizens to insult and per
secute them, and he characterized them
as a pest and a nuisance to the commu
nity. "I do not, of course," said Judge
Conlan, "include all the members of the
Tennessee Regiment, but there are cer
tainly a great many rowdies and black
legs in their ranks."
G. W. Hughes, Company F, of the same
command, was arrested on Pacific street
with a revolver in hand. He was con
victed by Judge Conlan and ordered to
appear for sentence this morning. T.
J. Keefe, a member of Hughes' company,
at an early hour yesterday morning
thrust a revolver into tne stomach of a
comrade, J. C. Green, and was about to
pull the trigger when it was knocked
from his grasp. He faced Judge Mogan
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon ana promptly pleaded guilty. The
court, however, advised him to secure
counsel, informing him tnat me charge
was a grave one, and granted him a con
tinuance until the 19th inst.
Ea Slater and James Snyder of Com
pany L, Tennessee Regiment, were ar
rested yesterday morning in a saloon at
406 Dupont street by Ofncera Owens and
| Nelson. The two soldiers, with about
. fifty others, all Tennesseeans, attempted
to wreck the place. The policemen were
obliged to club the men into submission
before they landed them in the patrol
wagon. Judge Joachimsen continued their
cases until this morning.
Charles Goad, also a Tennessee Volun
j teer, tried to stab Policeman Colen In
I Abbott's saloon. The officer was endeav
j orlng to quell a brawl, when the soldier
! drew a knife and made for him. Colen
i used hie club. Goad's head was treated
lat the Receiving Hospital and he was
then locked up. Judge Conlan granted
him a continuance until this morning .
Albert S. Emmett. a member ot tho
Fifty-first lowa Regiment, tried to wreck
the Klondike saloon at 506 Dupont street.
A provost guard under command of Cap
j tain Beyer attempted to arrest him. Em
mett at once assaulted Beyer, but was
finally secured. He was convicted of dis
turbing the peace before Judge Joachim-
I sen and remanded until this morning for
I sentence.
Johnson, the proprietor of a creamerie
on Market street, adjacent to the Spreck-
I els Market, put up a sign yesterday over
the entrance to his place which boVe the
I legend: "The patronage of Tennessee
J soldiers is not desired here. Don't offer
i it." A large crowd assembled and John
; son removed the sign at the request of
the police, who considered the challenge
for trouble too Inviting. Charles Forrest,
a window cleaner employed by Johnson,
while at work in front of the 'creamerie,
was attacked by four Tennessee somiers
and brutally beaten before the police res
cued him. The quartet of the "first fam
ilies" of Tennessee were lugged off to the
City Prison. They will appear in court
this morning.
The killing of Hllderbrand by Hospital
Steward Rosser of the Tennessee Regi
ment was the sole topic of conversation
among the soldiers at the Presidio yes
terday. In the murderer's own regiment
only words of regret at the affair were to
! be heard among the men and the officers
Every man deplores the tragedy and at
tributes Roeser's act to the fact that at
the time he was under the influence of
liquor.
The civil authorities will have, entire
jurisdiction in the matter. General Miller
said yesterday that the military authori
ties would in no way attempt to
interfere, and this was confirmed
by Colonel Smith. The tragedy will
have the effect of curtailing tne
liberties of the Tennessee men. Colonel
Smith said that he had the matter under
consideration but that he was not pre
pared to state just how this would be
done. Only eight passes from each com
pany are allowed a day, and it is thought
that some method will be adopted so as
to prevent these men from going into the
city with the same frequency as hereto
fore.
I On Tuesday night a number of the Ten
nessee men who were rounded up by the
patrol sent out by Colonel Smith "were
! confined in the pnardhouse at the Pre
' sidio. Yesterday morning they were
: searched before being sent back to their
' regiment, and a bowie-knife, a box of pls
■ tol cartridges and a flask of whisky were
found upon them.
It hn.s been ascertained that i-opspr is
I not a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity,
as has been stated. He is, however, a
: member of the Kappa Sigma Society.
The famous old JESSE MOORK WHIUKT Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Ik pure.
A RAILWAY SYSTEM
HAS CHANGED HANDS
LOCAL CAPITALISTS CONSUM
MATE A BIG DEAL.
The Huntingtons and Other Well-
Known Financiers Have Pur
chased the Los Angeles
Street Railways.
A syndicate composed of San Francisco
capitalists will soon be in control of the
Lob Angeles street railroad system. The
deal has been in contemplation for some
time, and will be consummated within a
few days.
The local financiers who are Interested
In this new enterprise -ar<»: C. P. Hunting
ton. Henry E. Huntlngton, I. \V. Hell
man, Christian de Guigne and H. Borel.
The Los Angeles street railroads were
recently consolidated and bonded. Thes«
bonds will be purchased by the new com
bination and another issue made.
Parties Interested deny that the South
ern Pacific is the ruling power of the
concern. They claim that theirs Is a to
tally distinct business corporation and
that Los Angeles will hereafter benefit by
it to a very great extent. A system such
a» this city possesses will bo formed and
every effort made to give complete satis
faction to the Loa Angeles public
BECEPTION TO HERMANN.
The Commisioner Is Entertained by
the Union League Club.
The members of the Union League Club
gave a dinner to Binger Hermann last
night in the conservatory room of the
Palace Hotel. After the dinner the party
adjourned to the clubrooms, where the
members of the new Union League Drill
Corps were assembled to meet Mr. Her
mann.
General N. P. Chipman Introduced the
guest of the evening, who spoke to the
young Republicans on patriotic subjects,
the greatness of the Republican party
and the wonders of California's produc
tive power.
M. M. Estee followed in the same
strain and gave way to J. C. Campbell,
who, after a few witty passes, retired in
favor of General Barnes. The general
made one of his characteristic, eloquent
speeches, which won the applause of all.
He refuted all the arguments of the anti
annexatk>nlsts from the standpoint of
gentle ridicule. A glowing tribute to Mc-
Klnley and an apotheosis of the stars
and strtpes made a fitting finale and
evoked the cheers of old and young.
Southern Pacific Profits.
The Southern Pacific Company will not
be forced into a receivership this year.
The fiscal report up to June 1 shows a
net gain of $3,964,651 in the operation of
the Pacific system. The gross receipts
amount to $55,780,337, the net receipts
$21,160,611, and the net profits $8,964,651.
S«nator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898.
WHERE IS THE
G. F. MANSON?
Captain Crack and Crew
Given Up as Lost.
CHANCES IN REINSURANCE
THE OVERDUE F9RTHBANK HAS
ARRIVED AT PORTLAND.
The Naval Reserve Men Who Re
signed to Enlist Are Not
Given the Positions
They Left.
Another overdue vessel has been heard
from, and the gamblers in reinsurance are
correspondingly elated, rhe British bark
Officers of the Geo. F. Manson.
Forthbank from Sicily for Portland, Or.,
has been 211 days out and 50 per cent re-
Insurance was being paid on her. Yes
terday she arrived off the mouth of the
Columbia River, so all doubts as to her
safety were set at rest.
The arrival of the Forthbank will offset
the probable loss of the American bark
George F. Manson, now out 134 days from
Sydney, N. S. W., for this port. Ship
owners and underwriters are now pretty
well satisfied that she went down in the
great Btorm that wrought such havoc on
the coast of Australia a little over four
months ago. So sure are the underwrit
ers that she is gone that they are offering
80 per cent to reinsure the vessel and
cargo, with no takers.
Captain Peter Crack of the Manson and
his son, Peter Crack Jr., first mate of the
bark, are well known in San Francisco.
Ever since the vessel came from the Kast
A VERY SUSPICIOUS NEIGHBOR.
The Charles E. Moody left Philadelphia for San Francisco two days after the declaration of war and
her crew lived in constant fear of being captured by a Spanish cruiser during the voyage. A warship crept up
on the ship one night and the crew made sure it was r. Spanish man-of-war. After taking a look at the
American the warshiD disam>eared, much to the joy of everybody on the Moody.
to this coast Captain Crack has been in
command of her, being the principal own
er. Before he took charge of the Manson
Captain Crack was with the schooner Al
calde and other coasters for years. His
family live in the Mission, and they have
not given up hope of the Manson turning
up all right. One thing in favor of. their
views is the long passages the sugar fleet
is making from Honolulu. , ,
The barkentine Morrfing Star, which
arrived. Tuesday night, was 3S days com
ing up. In his report Captain Bray says:
"It has been a slow and persistent
struggle to work to the eastward. The
yards have been to the backstays most
of the trip. The dead calms of the lias
sage have run up to 10 days 18 hours. The
sea nas been calm throughout, and we
never had a fresh breeze or squall."
The crew of the Morning Star say they
sympathized with the Ancient Mariner
when he talked about his craft being
"a3 idle as a painted ship upon a paint
ed ocean," that being their predicament
to a nicety.
If then the Manson escaped the great
Australian storm and has reached the vi
cinity of Hawaii, ht>r long voyage may
be due to the weather described by Cap
tain Bray.
Captain C. Miner Goodall returned from
Coos Bay yesterday on the steamer Em
pire. The torpedo "boat destroyer Farra
gut will consequently have her final trials
the early part of next week.
The boys of the Naval Battalion are to
give an exhibition gun drill in the Me
chanics' Pavilion Saturday night week.
The proceeds are to be given to the fam
ily of the late Captain Richter, who was
killed while so gallantly leading his men
into battle at Manila.
The battalion, as a whole, has a griev
ance. When the call for volunteers was
made many of the members left their
work and manned the purchased steam
ers Irocjuois, Vigilant and Active. A
number of these were from the Union
Iron Works, and they as well as the oth
ers say they were promised their old
places as soon as the war was over.
When the volunteers on the Iroquols,
Vigilant and Active were mustered out of
Unrie Sam's service a few weeks ago
they at once applied for their former
positions. Nearly all of them are back
at work again, but the Union Iron Works
has Informed Its late employes that there
are ro vacancies at present.
Thebarkentine Morning Star, which ar
rived from Honolulu Tuesday night,
brought up four stowaways. One of these
was a Japanese and the others deserting
volunteers. They refused to give their
names to Captain Bray, and got ashore
as soon as possible after the barkentine
dropped anchor.
REFUSED FIRE ALARM
BOXES AT HIGH PRICES
SULLIVAN NIPPED A FAT JOB
IN THE BUD.
Contractors Planned to Charge the
City Almost Double the
Market Prices for Ap
pliances.
"You may count on me to wppose you
at every turn," was the suggestive re
mark that Fire Chief Sullivan made yes
terday to R. A. Rose, representative of
the Gamewell FTTe Alarm Telegraph Com
pany.
"That is Just what I said to him," re
marked the Cnief. "His company is try
ing to make the city pay what I con
sider an excessive price for new fire
alarm boxes. Tne Supervisors recently
received bids for 100 boxes and two bids
came in— one from the Gamewell people
and the other from the United States
Company. Both were for keyless boxes,
and the same figure was named— sl2s
apiece. I told Mr. Rose that it had come
to my knowledge that the Gamewell con
cern was selling the same box to other
parties for $100. He admitted the fact,
but said that he thought 1 was his friend.
I told him that 1 was on tho basis of $100
per box to the city, but not on the $125
schedule. He then declared that the
company could not see its way clear to
cell to San Francisco at $100 per box. The
interview broKe off with the statement
from me that I should oppose the letting
of the contract. It is my understanding
that the United States Company and the
Gamewell are practically one and the
came, although they bid under two dif
ferent names. I do not see any reason
why the city should give v -.500 for iOO
boxes when they are not worth over haJf
that sum. In the past, but at different
times, the city has purchased 260 of these
boxes at the high price demanded by the
company. That was before I learned that
a cheaper rate was quoted to other cus
tomers. It isn't fair to San Francisco to
charge the top price."
Superintendent W. R. Hewitt of the
Police and Fire Alarm Telegraph coincid
ed with Chief Sullivan. "We can get
along without the 100 boxes rather than
pay the fancy price demanded by the
Gamewell people," he saia. "In fact, I
am thinking of making all of the fire
alarm boxes needed in future in the city
Fhops. It can be done without infringing
any patent. We can make a good keyless
box for $65, the same as the bidders want
to sell us for $i 25."
BOTTIiEMEIR'B CONCERT HALL., reopened
with the Union Ladles' Orchestra, 513 Pacific st.
Left a Valuable Estate.
The estate of the late Guatav Sutro,
consisting- of real and personal property,
has been appraised at $58,935.
CONSIDERING
THE TAX LEVY
Supervisors Engage in
Warm Discussions.
BOARD OF HEALTH ROASTED
COUNTY HOSPITAL IS SHABPLY
CRITICIZED.
It Is Understood the Municipal Bate
Will Be Fixed at $1.40.
Those Needless
Hydrants.
"The municipal tax rate will be $1.40.
Add 4S.h cents for State tax and the total
assessment will be $1,883."
This statement was made last evening
by one of the best posted officials engaged
in fixing the amount of the tax levy. The
Supervisors are going through the form
of sitting as a committee of the whole to
consider the levy, but the matter is now
about settled, so far as the majority la
concerned. Supervisors Clinton, Dodge,
Lackmann and Smith will be permitted to
ask questions until next Staturday morn
ing, when the majority will act. This is
the programme arranged and there Is lit
tle chance that it will be changed.
When the committee of the whole met
yesterday Supervisor Rottanzi, as chair
man of the Finance Committee, occupied
the chair. Supervisor Clinton, in accord
ance with his previous announcement,
presented a resolution that the local tax
rate be limited to $1.15. He stated that the
sum derived would be ample to conduct
the affairs of the city upon an honest and
Intelligent basis.
"1 do not believe," said Clinton, "that
there was any basis for the recent charge
that this board intended to foist a $2.10
tax rate upon the citizens. The statement
was calculated to damage business inter
ests. The members of tnis board have a
chance to go on record and disprove the
assertion, and I think they will do it."
Supervisor Dodge stated that in his opin
ion it was Impossible to keep the pledges
that had been made by the Supervisors to
conduct the city's affairs on a one-dollar
basis. He thought that the citizens would
be satlniigd wltn fair taxation, due econ
omy being exercised.
Supervisor liritt wanted the Clinton res
olution to go over until the committee had
listened to the petitions of the various
Improvement Clubs and the heads of the
city departments, concerning needed ap
propriations.
Supervisor Clinton offered no objection
to tne passing of his resolution for the
time being and it was laid over.
Horace Davis and Collin M. Boyd ad
dressed the Supervisors concerning the
needs of the Free Public Library. They
urged that the appropriation be fixed at
$ub,200. Davis stated that 600,000 books
had been circulated last year, and that in
order to keep me institution on its feet
$46,000 was needed for salaries, $2000 for
skylights and $7750 for books. Incidentals
would bring the amount up to the figure
asked.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
asked for fSZLbuU. and finally said that,
although this was a cut of JiiOOO as com
pared with the previous year, he would
manage to cut still further, down to $600,
000, if the board thought it was absolutely
necessary, In order to keen down taxes.
"How about the recent statement in
The Call that there are too many expen
sive hydrants?" demanded Supervisor
Britt.
"There is use for ail of them," respond
ed the Chief. "In case of a second or
third alarm of fire we would need all the
water that could be had."
"The trouble isn't that there are too
many hydrants uowntown," remarked
Auditor Broderick, "but that they crown
every hilltop out in the suburbs. That is
where the waste money comes in.
Every fellow who moves out on a rocky
knob in the far distance immediately pe
titions for the city to supply him with
firo protection and he gets it, regardless
of cost. Wh v there Is any number of
hydrants stuck around in the gullies out
back of town."
Mr. Britt concluded the cateshism of
the Chief by asking: "Then you don't
think that the Fire Committee of the
Supervisors has stolen much from the
city?"
"1 don't think it uas had a chance," re
sponded the head of the Fire Department.
The next subject for consideration was
the appropriation for the City and County
Hospital, and here the doctors on the
board combined for an energetic attack
on the health officials. Dr. Dodge said:
"The patients in the hospital must oe
better cared for. It is not for me to criti
cize the way in which the Board of
Health spends its money, but I do know i
that there is no city In the country where
the hospital Is so sadly neglected. In 1891
the salaries In the City and County Hos
pital amounted to $29,989, while in 1898 tne
sum total is $34,692. This is an increase of
$4073. In IS9I the total number of Inmates
was 358, as against 522 In 1898. The amount
of money used for maintenance, outside
of salaries, in 1&91 was $145 20 yearly per
capita. In IS9B this per capita was re
duced to $95 40, a reduction of 33 per cent
In other words, while the salaries have
been increased, the money spent for the
food of patients and internes has been
reduced in amount. There has been cur
tailment in the expenditures for delica
cies for the sick. I object to this sort
of thing, and insist that the hospital pa
tients ought not to be stinted in their
food. If the present salaries must be
maintained, the Supervisors will have to
grant a larger appropriation, so as to
have something left for the sick "
This arraignment started Dr. Clinton
and he made a few allegations about the
mismanagement of the Board of Hean.h
and its alleged extravagance in appoint
ing food and other inspectors and a lone
list of bacteriologists, mlcroscopists etc
At the afternoon session of the com
mittee the Health Office came in for a
general scoring by Rottanzi and Clinton
and the non-medical members of me
board listened with evident interest
There was apparently very little left of
the Board of Health when Clinton and
Rottanzi finished, and the indications are
that there will be a cut in the appropria
tion of money for the health officials
A recess was taken until Saturday at 10
a. m., when _ the Finance Committee will
be expected to fix the figure.
Bobbed a Klondike Miner.
C. Erlckson, keeper of a dive on Kearnv
F. McGill, Erickson's bartender, were yes
terday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Joachimsen on the charge
of grand larceny. A few nights ago Peter
i risk, a miner from the Klondike, entered
Eric), son's dive and was knocked down
and robbed of a silver watch and $500 in
gold coin.
A SCHOOLBOY KILLED.
Georgie Tepper Mangled by a South
ern Pacific Freight Train. ' ; '
Georgie Tepper, an eight-year-old
schoolboy, residing at 222 Channel street,
was instantly killed at half-past 12 o'clock
yesterday afternoon by being run over
by a freight train of the Southern Pacific
Company at the intersection of Channel
and Bryant streets. — ' ■
The body • ; aS v Cut up by the wheels of
the train and the remains were so badly
mutilated that they were not recogniz
.f*) 11 a 1a 11 f he ' h ad " a - nd - trunk were Jammed
into a frog in the switch, and Deputy
Coroner McCormick was obliged to press
six men into v ice to force the rails
bSd?^]Vh ce a h r !. Ut the pieces of the
Late last evening the father of the boy,
Edward Tepper, a soapmaker, visited the
Morgue A and Identified the remains as his
son Although hardened to scenes of
grief. Deputies Tyrren . and Smith were
touched by the pathetic condition of the
father. They tried to persuade the be
reaved parent from viewing the mangled
body, but as he Insisted upon doing so
the remains were put in some shape for
his Inspection. Such a scene of grief as
Mr. Tepper showed has been rarely wit
nessed at the Morgue.
The engineer, John McCreogh, was ar
rested by Detectives Fitzgerald and Gra
ham \ and charged' with manslaughter He
was released on his own recognizance
There were no witnesses to the accident'
WITH THE
PLAYERS
The Shakespearian performance given
at the Baldwin Theater last evening
would better be entitled "Lady Mac
beth," for Macbeth himself, as played
by Mr. Herman, was a subsidiary
and indefinite figure. The honors of the
night were entirely Modjeska's. Lady
Macbeth is not one of her greatest roles.
It would seem beyond nature for an
actress to embody such a Mary Stuart
as Modjeska's and yet attain to the he
roic severity of Lady Macbeth. And still
there are moments of repressed intensity
(in the dagger and sleep-walking scenes,
for example; in which she gives tht
part a most poignant reality; and in spite
of the differences between her tempera
ment and the heavy obligations of the
character, there is never a moment in
which she is not an artist and entirely
consistent in her interpretation. The
portrayal is intensely imaginative and
tnrilling— but it is as though Patti should
essay lirunhllde.
With the exception of Mr. Herman,
who was really not of this earth in his
ranting and turning, the company did
very well; especially Mr. Lonergan in
Macduff, which was even better given
than during the last engagement. "Mary
Stuart" will be played again to-morrow
night, "Camille" Friday night, and "As
You Like It" at the Saturday matinee.
"Macbeth" will be repeated Saturday
night. "Adrienne" will open the new
week, but the big event is "Antony and
Cleopatra," commencing Wednesday
night, in which production Modjeska
maites her nrst appearance as the Egyp
tian seductress.
A young daughter of California who
is now known to the stage a* Nance
O'Nell, and who has met with prodigious
favor from the Eastern critics during this
and last season, will appear at the Co
lumbia Monday night in "Leah the For
saken." McKee Kankin, Herbert, Carr,
Henry Weaver Jr., Lionel Barry more and
other well-known players are of the com
pany. In the meantime "A Milk White
Flag" is proving a still prosperous card.
At the New Comedy Theater "Woman's
Wit" was retired from the bill last night
in favjr of "The Leading Man," another
and a better comedy 01 .Airs. Pacheco,
which will finish out the week. Marry
Corson Clarke comes to thia theater on
Monday in the admirable farce, "vVhat
Happened to Jones."
"The First Born," preceded by the para
doxically named farce, "The Tragedy,"
still holds Its interest for the patrons at
the Alcazar. The Chinese play will be
given its final performances next week,
in conjunction with "Liend Ale Your
Wife."
"Traviata" will be repeated at the Tivoll
to-night and given again at the Saturday
matinee and the Sunday evening perform
ance. "Carmen," with De Vries as the
toreador, Is the bill for Friday and Satur
day nights. "The Queen of Sheba" will
be given next week for the nrst time here.
Morosco's is doing the usual big busi
ness with "The Land of the Living," a
melodrama of huge sensation.
Felix Morris, Bessie Bonehill and other
stars offer a splendid vaudeville entertain
ment at the Orpheum. The cake walk is
but one of many novel acts at the Al
hambra, where Mr. and Mrs. Sydney
Drew are still a strong card. Animals,
reptiles, the American Anna Held and the
bull fight are part of the bill at the
Chutes. The Olympia, too, offers vaude
ville In large variety.
A concert that promises to be of ppecial
interest will be given at the Sherman-Clay
Hall to-night, when Kathleen Parlow a
young miss of 7 years, and locally re
puted to be a genius, will play the violin
The vocal music will be furnished by tne
Press Club quartet.
CRICKET MATCHES PLANNED.
An Alphabetical Game May Be
Played Next Month for
Charity.
At a meeting of the California Cricket
Association held yesterday It was decided
that, in making up the the batting and
bowling averages for the Burnell prizes,
all matches held "under the auspices" of
the association during the season of 1898
be taken into consideration; but that, In
order to be eligible^ as a competitor, a
member of one of "the city clubs must
have batted or bowled in not fewer than
eight Innings, and a member of a coun
try club In not fewer than five innings.
On September 18 and 25 a match will
be played on the Alameda ground be
tween teams representing the cities of
San Francisco and Alameda, the former
to be selected by R. B. Hogue, and the
latter by H. Ward. The match will be
under the auspices of the association.
Cecil Gardner, a well-known cricketfr
of Santa Clara County, has suggested
that a game, to be called the "Alpha
betical Cricket Match," should be played
before the end of the season on an in
closed ground, admission to be charged
and the proceeds given to the British
Benevolent Association or some other
deserving charity. Invitations to take
part In the game to be sent to all well
known cricketers in the State, and the
teams to be selected by a committee ap
pointed by the association; players whose
names begin with any letter from A to
L. to constitute one team, and the bear
ers of names commencing with any letter
fom M to Z to form the other ejeven. Be
fore definitely accepting this suggestion
It was decided to ascertain whether o*
not the cricketers of Placer County pro
pose to visit San Francisco before the I
end of the present season. In making up j
the schedule of the association for 189S ;
the month of October was left open for
engagements with country cricketing
teams visiting San Francisco.
"\tfieger Buried aa a Pauper.
Charles Wieger, the dry-goods clerk
from Sacramento who poisoned himself
In Golden Gate Park a few days ago, was
burled in the potters 1 field by the city
authorities last Tuesday afternoon. It
was not practicable to hold the body any
longer, and up to yesterday afternoon no
inquiry had been made at the Coroner's
office. Yesterday Charles M. Coghlan,
clerk of the State Board of Equalization
at Sacramento, telegraphed an inquiry aa
to the disposition of the body.
A Baby Suffocated.
The body of Francis O'Neil, the three
months'-did babe of Mr. and Mrs. Frank
O'Nell of 1909 McAllister street, was
brought to the Morgue yesterday morn
ing, the infant having been accidentally
suffocated during the night while sleeping
between the parents.
I . ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ; .*• /
GAGE
AND
NEFFI
GEN. m. BABIES-
WILL
ADDRESS the PEOPLE
AST
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
O3ST
SATURDAY BYEHfflfi,
SEPTEMBER 17. . "
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Executlr»- " * ' -
Committee. . •> . _ . . ',
E. C. HART, Secretary*
• Cake
made with Schillings '■ Best .
baking powder has no -bitter 7-
taste. :57":: 5 7": ■•
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
Eat the b=Bt and buy/ the beet,
where you can buy it th: cheapest. •
In our three days' special* we are
■ each week showing the .'adies how
this can be done.
TEAS, 6 varieties, Ib. . j ...... 40c*
Fresh and fragrant; '
regular price 60c.
BLACK SPLIT OLIVES, qt. jar . . .35c
Grown In the famous old
Santa Barbara orchards,
packed Spanish style.
FRENCH GELATINE, Ib pkg . . ...50c
Packed in sheets— the
most economical way of buying;
regular price 65c. ..'.■_■:.
COFFEE POTS.... 3 pts 85c, 5 pts 95c
The celebrated "Ideal," . . ■
handsomely nickel-plated \
and scientifically constructed;
regular price $1 20 and $1 35.
OK BOURBON, .bot. 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
Gallon, $3.00'
A fine old ■ whisky for family
and medicinal use ;
regular price $1 and U. '
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST „
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 6322. I Telephone West 152.
1 Catalogue free. Mall orders solicited.
BSSBSSSBSSSo?BS2£!Sc?BSS2SSSSS3a
88 CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. »
IW j ___ -■-.-; . 88
» CARPETS, 88
8? ' SpeeisJ This Week -Elegant pat- j «-. 88 #
8? ' tern* of Velvet Carpets, with C« I 1I 1 UU 88
M border to matoh; tewed, lined m\\ _ „
*° : ; »nd laid, per yard.,, . ... ..... W» ,
88 -Our stock is large-very large. The : »
2* variety to select from makes the pup- ; »
™ I chase a pleasure as well as an econn- 88
88 omy-and our little by-word, go In this 88
_.t rase too "Our prices whether cash or-_
88 " llttfe-at^-tline are lower than those 88
£» ' of cash houses." '. • 88
®\. J. NOON AN, »
S * Complete House-Furnisher. w"*
88 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 88
88 . Above Sixth. 88
J5 'Phone South 14.'.. Open Evenings. ' jg
88 88 88 88 8888888 88 88 SS MB
ISO PAIN! NO PAINI
' •'"■-iS^ lowest . Prices in tio Gityl
j&&^M, YORK
Sj/Sl^ %b. GUARANTEED.
WSL 1 t>t T^£E H WITHOUT
*^ jeSS i&t PLATE A SPECIALTY.
■^OT *9^^l Full. Set of Teeth ex-
J§ i~AJ. tract free..s4J3O up
, \^ jfiffflaaL Gold Crown *. 22k
a^l^SS^% Fillings; ;.:..250 up
ELECTRO-DENTAL
ffii\S-fB CLINIC,
sj>gj*t> -><^mSUx& Suite 7, Flood Buiidlnr.
' ■■••--.»: - . 809 market st.
Office Hrg.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun.. 9 to 2 p.m.
f* TheRALSTON STILL
\ . Is the only one made that -
' J will :• . furnish absolutely
. PU DRINKING. WATER: *
- - Indorsed •by the Ralston
" y V Health Club. Send or call
• r!• for particulars.' :■-
' ;' THE JUSTINIAN CAIRE CO,
*•* '521 Market St.V San Franeiio*
- ■»jmaAk/\CV^ "NO '■ QUACK v
»MwHw«!K A good Electric Belt
will cure WITHOUT 1"
KSZpr&yZfcrftf^&te MEDICINE. Euy no * i
■fe^_ -).i>f--- till you see "Dr.
WSS^S^^^P? Fierce' s." Book fr^.
! *&m^ilj!S&^s PIERCE ELECTRIC
x /'"sHff. - 5s CO.. 820 -. . MARKET
, ■ ' V:.j <ssi> :' STREET, c opp. j Palace : Hotel,
I Mention. (Ni» ; ; San' Francisco, ' . , -
i this paper. '-: ■ . :. .. -s ■. ; ..