VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 120.
CONGRESS IN REVOLT MAY
DECLARE WAR WITHOUT DELAY
SENATORS WOULD
COMPEL McKINLEY
TO SWIFT ACTION
Speaker Reed's Sway Weakens in View
of the Fact That Spanish Cruelty
Has Grown Unbearable.
GIVING THE PRESIDENT A BACKBONE,
Be it resolved by the Senate ana the House of Representatives of the United States of America:
1. That the people of the island of Cuba are, and of right ought to be, free and independent.
2. That the Government of the United States hereby recognizes the republic of Cuba as the true
and lawful Government of that island.
3. That the war Spain is waging against Cuba is so destructive of the commercial and property
interests of the United States, and so cruel, barbarous and inhuman in its character, as to make it the
duty of the United States to demand and the Government of the United States does hereby demand that
she at once withdraw her land and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters.
4. That the President of the United States be and hereby is authorized, empowered and di
rected to use, if necessary, the entire land and naval forces of the United States to carry these resolu
tions into effect.
SENATOR FRYE'S
RESOLUTION.
Whereas. The war which nas been
waged In the island of Cuba for the
p*fit four years has been conducted
.■-. Spanish Government In .iola
tlon of the rules of civilized warfare,
said Government has driven the un
armed and peaceable Inhabitants from
their homes and forced them within
the armed camps, where it has per
mitted hundreds of thousands of men,
women and children to die 01 starva
tion; and as a result of this system ot
Inhuman warfare tens of thousands oi
helpless people are now dying for
want of food; and
Whereas, Tne war has paralyzed
and almost destroyed the large com
mercial relations which have hereto
fore existed between the United States
and Cuba, and has rendered useless
and brought to ruin the many millions
of uollaxs of property of American
citizens invested in the islands; and
Whereas, The existence and pro
longation of the hostilities have Im
posed heavy financial expenditures and
burdensome official labors upon the
Government of the United States in
the enforcement of its neutrality
laws; and
Whereas, The Consuls of the United
States and ouier impartial and com
petent observers have reported that
the Spanish Government has lost con
trol of much of the greater portion of
the island; that it is powerless to re
store Its authority and bring about
peace; and that a continuance oi the
contest will have no other effect man
to Increase the horrors, misery and
starvation which now exist, to utterly
extinguish the commerce with and
destroy the property of American
citizens and add to the expense and
burdens of the Government of the
United States;
Therefore, Resolved by the Senate
and the House of Representatives of
the United States of America, in Con
gress assembled. That the President
of the United States be and Is hereby
directed and empowered to take such
effective steps as, In his discretion,
may be necessary to secure a speedy
termination of the hostilities between
the Government of Spain anu the
people of Cuba, tne withdrawal of the
military and naval forces of Spain
from said Island and to complete the
Independence of said people.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 29.
A general belief prevails in Washing
ton to-night that the President is in
clined to accept the inevitable and real
izes that sooner or later he must yield
to the demands of Congress for some
aggressive action, but he does not in
tend to shoulder the responsibility for
any consequences that may result there
from. The leaders in Congress, among
whom are many of his intimate friends,
have given him to understand that rad
ical action can no longer be delayed.
It is believed that President McKinley
fully realizes the situation, from a talk
he had late yesterday afternoon with
Messrs. Dingley, Grosvenor, Cannon.
Payne and Dalzell, and at night with
Senators Lodge, Proctor, Allison, Gor
man, Klkir. - and Hansbrough, all 01
whom represented to him that the Sen
ate and House were in no mood for a
policy of delay. There is no doubt all
these gentlemen, and particularly the
House leaders, gave him to understand
that open rebellion would result unless
there was a change of policy.
Representative Grosvenor, especially,
was able to give the President the exact
situation, and he explained that a storm
was brewing. The President finally de
termined to withhoid his message ask
ing for the Cuban relief appropriation
SENATOR FORAKER'S RESOLUTION.
RAWLINS' DECLARA
TION OF WAR
■ Whereas, The war waged by the
kingdom of Spain against the people
of " Cuba - has j destroy? d the commerce ■
between them and the people of the
United States, and its revival .will be
impossible so long as such war may
continue; and
" Whereas, By, the authority of that
" kingdom, in the course of such war,
* much American property has been de
. stroyed and many American citizens
without just cause have been 'lm
* prisoned and some assassinated In
* their prison cells; and
" Whereas, While our ship Maine was
- at anchor In the harbor of Havana,
within the dominion and under the
'. control of the kingdom of Spain, at a
. place designated by her authority, that
ship and most of the men on board
In the service of their country, by the
explosion of a submarine mine, were
■ willfully, wickedly and treacherously
- mangled and destroyed; and
* Whereas, The kingdom of Spam has
. proved herself Incompetent to tran
quilize the island of Cuba, either by
the method of peace or by means of
civilized warfare, and, accordingly, has
proceeded to make desolate the homes
of its peaceful inhabitants, driving
. men, women and children into guard- •
ed camps, detaining them there with
out making provision to shelter,
clothe or feed them,: thus willfully
causing their extermination to the '
number of hundreds of thousands by ■
the slow and torturous process of
starvation; and :
Whereas, While regretting the neces- .
slty— new Imperious— for such action,
but mindful of our. duty to a neigh
boring people, and to humanity, and
with a clear consciousness as to the
justness of our cause and that our ac- •
tion will meet with the approving
judgment of all civilized peoples; now,
therefore be It
Resolved, by the Senate and House '
of Representatives of the United States '
of America, in Congress assembled, ■
That the independence of the repub- .
lie of Cuba be. and the same Is
hereby recognized, and that war "
against the kingdom of Spain be and '
the same Is hereby declared, and the "•
President is hereby . authorized and -
directed to employ the land and naval .
forces of the United States of America .
to wage such war to success.
HAS THE PRESIDENT SENT
AN ULTIMATUM TO SPAIN?
CHICAGO, March 29.— A special to the Chronicle from Washington
says: "The positive statement was made by Secretary Algrer to-night
that Mr. McKinley this evening: sent an ultimatum to Spain, and that
the fact will be communicated to Congress to-morrow. It is impos
sible to obtain definite information from the White House."
for a few days, at least, hoping that in
the meantime the situation might be
changed, but to-night he was given to
understand by his supporters in Con
gress that whether or not the Cuban re
lief resolution was considered an effort
would be made to bring before the
House a resolution recognizing the bel
ligerent rights of the Cubans or for the
independence of the island. They told
him thi? might take the form of a rider
to the Naval Appropriation bill.
For these reasons it is believed
hat the President and his Cabinet
have decided to accept the situation
and let the full responsibility for any
consequences that may result rest
upon Congress.
At the same time they hope to tem
porize for a few days longer. One of
the President's supporters said to-night:
".Within a week the negotiations. ' ia
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898 — TWENTY PAGES.
SENATOR ALLEN'S
RESOLUTION.
Whereas, The war now and for some
time past being 1 waged between the
K.(ngrdr»ir of Spain and the Cub^n In
surgents has fully demonstrated the
total inability of the former to subdue
the insurgents; and
Whereas, Said war has become one
of extermination by starvation, and
the dictates of Christian civilization
and common humanity alike demand
the speedy cessation of hostilities and
the immediate termination of the de
liberately planned starvation now go
ing on in the island of Cuba; and
Whereas, Under existing circum
stances, it is the bounden duty of the
United States to intervene; and
Whereas, The assertion of the Mon
roe doctrine forbidding- the Interfer
ence of foreign powers in the affairs of
any State or nation on the Western
Hemisphere creates an obligation on
the part of the United States to guar
antee the people thereof against unus
ual cruelties and barbarities and ex
termination by any such foreign pow
er; and
Whereas, The Cubans have, in the
opinion of the American people and of
Congress, by their valor and sacrifices
during the four years of war, won
their independence from Spain and are
entitled to political recognition by thfe
United States; and
Whereas, It Is apparent that Spain
can no longer govern or control the
people of Cuba; therefore,
Resulved, by the Senate and the
House of Representatives, That the
republic of Cuba, now and for some
time maintained by force of arms, is
hereby recognized by the United
States of America as a separate and
Independent nation. That the United '
States shall immediately intervene '
and put an end to the war now being i
waged on the island of Cuba and shall (
succor and release from Imprisonment
the people there concentrated for the '
purpose of starvation and extermina- '
tion. And be it further i
Resolved, That for the purpose of I
enabling the President of the United <
States to provide the concentrated
non-combatant Cubans with the neces
sary food, raiment and medicine for *
their immediate relief from starva- <
tfon, the sum of $500,000 or so much <
thereof as may be necessary. Is hereby (
appropriated out of any money in the ,
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
progress will either have reached a con
clusion or there will have been a break
which will hasten war. When the Presi
dent has acted as he thinks best he will
submit the whole matter to Congress
and leave that body to take whatever
course it sees fit.
"If it does not care to approve what
he has done he will not regret that the
responsibility has left his shoulders. It
may not be over ten days before the
President will be able to give to Con
gress the correspondence that has
passed and is now passing."
Members are deliberate and out
spoken in their expressions and say
that a necessary condition to any
consent to delay will be that the de
lay shall be brief and coupled with
unequivocal assurance of action.
They are willing for the President to
take the lead— want him. to do 50 — and
they will follow, but they must know
that he is going to do what they want
and do it with reasonable promptness.
The advice of the most responsible men
is that three or four days be given the
President to indicate his policy, and for
the committees to report, and that if
definite steps are not taken before the
close of the week to restore order and
civilization in Cuba, Congress shall act.
Nothing short of the evacuation of
Cuba by the Spanish will be listened to.
There is considerable sentiment in fa
vor of making the destruction of the
Maine the ground for ? <!ir~* declara
tion of war. This sentiment is excited
by the reading of the testimony taken
by the Court of Inquiry, which is wide
ly held to convict the Spanish officials
of the crime- The theory that the char
acter of the explosions is proved to have
been such as to preclude the possibil
ity of its having been without the con
nivance of officials is very generally
held.
The members of the House who are
in favor of immediate and aggressive
action on the Cuban question are dis
cussing all sorts of methods by which
the House can be brought to an expres
sion of opinion. This morning there
was talk of overruling the chair during
the consideration of the naval appropri
ation bill and attaching a resolution rec
ognizing the independence oi Cuba as a
rider.
The feeling to-day was quite as it was
NEWS OF THE DAY.
"Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Wednesday; westerly
winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 68 degrees
Tortland 50 degrees
Los Angeles .7S degrees
San Diego 78 degrees
Sacramento ..: 72 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Congress Will Compel Action.
SECOND PAGE.
Mare Island , Of fleers Dissatisfied.
Congressmen Caucus Against Reed.
Plans to Capture Havana.
Small Craft for Coast Defense.
Havana People Satisfied.
Texans Denounce McKlnley.
THIRD PAGE.
Congress In Warlike Mood.
Uncle Sam Buys Torpedo Boat*,
Lee Advised of a Plot.
Plans for Harbor Defense.
Spanish Officers Guilty.
FOURTH PAGE. : X*'i
Governor Brady on Alaska-
Good News From Copper River.
Relief Trains Stranded.
Officer Fights a Maniac.
B"elew Has Pleaded Guilty.
War on the San Jose Gang. :
Cross Creek Bandits Trapped.
FIFTH PAGE.
Russia's Victory In the Far East. :
Guard Foils Train Robbers.
Throws Acid at Her Landlord.
News Along the Water Front.
Crawford's Second Lecture. ■ .
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Country's Demand. #
The Comical. Bryanites.
Increased Appropriations.
The Quarantine .Troubles.'
Foreign . Prison-Made .Goods.
A Paris Exposition Marvel.
Stories From the Corridors.
• Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Died Rather Than Marry.
- Father Yorke's Lecture.
Wanted In Texas for Murder.
Convention of Workmen. \
. NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Death«.
TENTH PAGE.
Another : Milk Crusade. •
Lieutenant Burkes Inquest.
Wlnfleld -, Scott School Looted.
A Countryman Shanghaied.
Swlftwater Bill In Trouble.
r ELEVENTH PAGE.
More Street • Paving .' Jobs.
Murder at Berkeley.
Street Car Accident.
TWELFTH PAGE. .'
The New Charter.; '•'""' *
NINETEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World. l^
TWENTIETH PAOE.
. Racing at Ingleside. •„";." V • b : v>J r'
News From "Across the Bay. ,
In the Realty Broken' Realm.
PRESIDENT'S
POSITION IS
OUTLINED.
NEW YORK, March 29.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: This statement out
lining the attitude of the Presi
dent was made public to-night:
"President McKinley regards
the Maine explosion as a minor
incident. Before making any de
mand for reparation he desired
to receive and consider the re
port of the Maine Court of In
quiry, and believed that such a
course was only fair to Spain.
In adopting this course he was
guided by any number of pre
cedents, including the Trent
case and the Baltimore incident.
The attitude of Congress, he
says, is
"I mean by this that it
ought to exercise its consti
tutional authority and de
clare war or permit the Ex
ecutive to do what he can to
close up the questions arising
out of the general situation
in Cuba.
"Negotiations are in progress
between this Government and
that of Spain which the Presi
dent believes will bring about
the end of the rebellion, give
Cubans practically everything
they want, including indepen
dence, and this he thinks can be
accomplished without war. The
important thing to be first done
is to feed the reconcentrados
and have the Spanish Govern
ment authorize the resumption
of work in the fields. It can be
stated positively, however, that
the President is negotiating for
the end of the war without fur
ther delay, and he believes he
will be successful."
j last evening, and if possible, more war
like. The password between men of all
parties as they assembled at the Capitol
to-day was "Action," and the response
was "No backdown." Members as they
met in the corridors, lobbies and on the
floor of the House renewed assurances
that nothing could shake their deter
mination to have prompt action.
Senators and members oi the House
who had read the testimony in the
Maine case exhibited more intense feel
ing than they had shown yesterday, and
among them there was none who do
not declare that the testimony proved
that the explosion was the act of Span
ish authorities or officials as jjlainlx as..
it was proven to be an external explo
sion. The question was very generally
asked how it was that the court failed
to make that specific finding.
The President is represented as being
astonished at the storm that has been
raised about his ears. Some of the
President's advisers are said to have as
sured him that with a little delay the
storm would blow over and Congress
could be held in check. Appearances
do not warrant this opinion. Delay is
irritating and the temper of Congress
does not seem to be the result of sud
den excitement on account of the Maine
report. The expressions heard from Re
publicans in Congress who have been
stanch supporters of the President here
tofore are of loss of confidence. This is
not based on the Maine report, though
the feeling is intensified on account of
that, but results from the stories as to
the character of negotiations that have
ben conducted by Minister Woodford in
Madrid.
The situation becomes more serious
from the fact that the Representatives
are organizing. The most threatening
movement of the day was an impromptu
meeting of Republicans to outline a plan
to destroy Speaker Reed's policy of
peace in the House. It was to have
been a conference of only a dozen men.
A whisper got abroad and fifty-two men
attended. All pledged themselves to
armed intervention or nothing. No war,
no appropriation.
There is a probability, too, that the
.Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
will report favorably one of the war
resolutions introduced to-day. Th«
members of that committee, have waited
on the President and told him that un
less he ; outlines a definite plan and in
forms Congress of the • character of the
representations he has made to • Spain,
action will be taken without delay. Tha
jingoes claim that he has no plan.
Members of the House are meeting
by State delegations all over Wash
ington ■■ to .; pledge themselves to voto
for armed intervention.
It is a trying time for the Presi
dent, iHe has been receiving letters
indorsing his course and telegrams
calling his message on the Maine dis
aster a "compromise with hell."
J He is apparently not discouraged and
feels that he will be sustained in the end.
His intimate friends are aiding him
handsomely. Powerful influences are at
work to '[ hold' Congress in check and
State and local bosses are hurrying her«
to work on their Congressmen.
"•Nlh its effort: to stem the time the ad
ministration • has done some wise things
and : some foolish ■ things. Its friends
have made.use of the story that the fire
in Congress has been i started by men .
who hold ' bonds of the Cuban republic
which : they bought at ten ; and hope to
sell "it 100-. This had no effect .except
to suit a counter story that the men
who were back ;of the President's : plan,
to have the Cubans ; buy their independ
ence for $200,000,000 are also holders of
Cuban bonds purchased :at ten.
tv Noticeably;'- indiscreet ha* been, ;. tfa*2
BELIEVE THE
MESSAGE MAY
HASTEN WAR
Mare Island Officials of t\ye Opinion
That Congress Will Act
at Once.
VALL/EJO. March 29.— McKinley's message has not found that fa
vor among the officers of the navy yard which one more definite and
more outspoken might have met. The general impression is that the
message has not helped matters a particle, and that war is just as near
as ever it was— nearer in fact, some think, for Congress will tfre of an
"on-the-fence policy," and will precipitate matters by action that may
be too hasty. There is a fear, however, that too much talking will be
dune, and so any action taken may be weakened. None of the officers,
high or low, will criticize the message or the report for publication, but
the impression is that it has added nothing to what was already
known, and only an exasperating delay has been the result of waiting
for It.
The storekeeper's department at the navy yard has suddenly start
ed into activity and the employees there are perhaps as busy as any on
the yard. Provisions are arriving as fast as they can be taken care of,
and black paint, to the quantity of 13.000 pounds, was to-day stowed
away to await its use, which, it is thought, will not be long.
Most of the rapid-firing guns of the Charleston and Philadelphia
have been shipped East by this time, and still no word has been re
ceived as to when and how they will be replaced.
Posters are being pasted up in public places about town calling for
seamen and machinists. The posters state that seamen between the
ages of 21 and 35 years are wanted. The rates of wages are given as
follows: Seamen, $24 a month; ordinary seamen, $19; chief machin
ists. $70; machinists, first-class, $55; machinists, second-class, $40. The
candidates wiil be subjected to the usual examinations, and machinists
will be required to show proper qualifications.
The labor board is still looking for machinists, drillers, riveters,
shipwrights and boat builders, but it is announced that there is no need
to apply for work as a painter or ordinary carpenter.
Tc-nmrrow the old Camanche will be awakened long enough to have
her engines turned over, and then it may be that the old monitor will
join the other vessels under construction, so as to be ready for what is
coming.
statement issued scmi-officially by the
administration that the Maine might
have been blown up from the inside
alter all, because there had been fire in
her bunkers once before. This is re
garded as a direct attempt to allay pub
lic opinion by discrediting the testimony
adduced before the United States board
that there had never been any sponta
neous combustion on the ship.
President McKinley began his day by
demonstrating to the country that the
Cabinet is united. General Aider's
statement to that effect was prompt con
firmation of the Herald's news. Then
the President started in to combat the
idea that Congress would be justified in
declaring war without waiting to hear
frcm Spain. He deprecates such haste
and demands time until Spain's reply
shall enable him to put the whole mat
ter before the country.
If Congress insists on declaring war
in bTeak-neck fashion he is willing it
rhould take the sole responsibility and
leave it to the American people to say
who is* right. On the other hand, if
Congress waits and Spain's reply proves
unsatisfactory and short of what is de
manded by right and justice, then he
v.ill be as much of a jingo as anybody..
THE QUEEN REGENT
HOPEFUL OF PEACE.
Copyrighted, 1898. by Jame9 Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, March 29.— Yesterday
I stated that to-day was the all-im
portant one. Circumstances have
made it Thursday, for this afternoon,
after a conference which began at 4
o'clock and ended at half -past 5,
Senor Sagasta adjourned the meeting
for forty-eight hours, at the end of
which time he will have taken
counsel with the Queen and his Min
isterial colleagues, and then there
eeems no kind of doubt that the Min
istry will give the world a peaceful
and honorable solution of all the
questions about Cuba.
At the council stated there were
present Senors Sagasta, Moret, Gul
lon and General Woodford. Bankers
and brokers got wind of what was
likely to take place, and the Bourse
was crowded with financiers dealing
upon calculations of peace. Bankers
gathered in groups, reckoning that
each point up made the situation of
the country better and richer by mil
lions.
Among the middle classes the idea
of honorable peace has taken a firm
hold, and great and prodigious will
be the popularity of the Ministry
when it announces peaceful results.
I understand that the Pope,
through the Papal Nuncio, conveys
his approval, and more still, of peace
under the circumstances suggested,
as Spain is his pet child. In the
palace there is no doubt of the senti
ment, for the Queen is the warmest
advocate of peace and has grieved for
three years over the Cuban war. She
will support with all her strength
the great opportunity which has
fallen to the lot of her country to
secure peace with honor.
SPAIN IS PLAYING
NOW FOR DELAY.
NEW YORK, March 29.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says:
Although the flying squadron form
ing at Hampton Roads will be ready
for service in another week, there is
no intention on the part of the ad
ministration to employ it to destroy
tne torpedo flotilla of Spain, which
is now on its way to Porto Rico. It
can be stated positively that the ad
ministration has no intention of in
terfering with this flotilla unless
war should occur.
It is believed in naval circles that
Spain is delaying hostilities as much
as possible until this flotilla has ar
rived on this side of the Atlantic and
that when it is safe she will come
out in plain language and tell this
Government what she will and will
not do.
Much to the relief of the admin
istration and naval officials the
Spanish torpedo gun vessel Temera
rio, which left Montevideo on Satur
day last for an unknown destination,
was reported to-day to have arrived
at Buenos Ayres by the United States
EXPLOSIVES
BELONGED
TO SPAIN.
Copyright. I=9?. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 29.— 1 have
heard to-day from a reliable
source that one of the most
prominent members of the Court
of Inquiry has said since the re
port was sent to Washington
that the investigation proved
that the mine which destroyed
the Maine must have been too
large and too well suited to the
purpose to have been secured or
.made by private individuals, and
Vnust have come from a Govern-
ment source.
This is a most important view
and was not embodied in the'
court's report, being outside its
province. It does not mean, nec
essarily the complicity of the
Spanish Government, but simply
that an employe of the Govern
ment, having access to its com
plicated explosives, may have
used his position to aid the das
tardly plot. I
This is in line with the Her
ald's assertion that explosives
of the nature which must have
been employed could not have
been secured by an ordinary con
spirator or fanatic, but in all
probability could have been got
only through the connivance of
some one whose business it is to
manufacture, guard or direct the
use of Government mines or tor
pedoes. Was gunpowder the ex
plosive? If so, the mine must
have been a very extensive one.
Guncotton would have cut
through the ship instead of scat
tering and rending it as did the
explosion which tore the Maine
to pieces.
diplomatic representative m Argen
tina. Officials admit that this is the
vessel which the battle-ship Oregon
and the gunboat Marietta will have
to be careful about during their voy
age around the Horn to Key West.
In herself the Temerario is re
garded as a formidable vessel of her
type. Her speed is five knots greater
than that of the Oregon and at least
seven knots greater than tnat of the
Marietta, and she has a steaming ra
dius of 3400 miles. The Oregon is
regarded as ''big game" both by
Spanish and American naval experts
and officials believe that if war
should break out the Spaniards will
make desperate efforts to prevent the
American battle-ship from reaching
Key West.
TEXANS IN FIERY MOOD
Denounce the Waiting
Policy of President
MeKinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL. PASO, Texas, March 29. — At a
maes-meetlng of fully 500 citizens of
all parties here, to-night, the waiting
j policy of President McKinley in hand
ling Cuban affairs was severely criti
cized, and whenever Mark Hanna's
name was mentioned, hisses were
I heard. Intense sympathy was ex
pressed for the starving Cubans, and it
was demanded that the United Statt-3
Government interfere at once and put
an end to the horrible conditions of the
Cuban patriots.
The assemblage was unanimous for
war to punish Spanish treachery for
the assassination of American seamen
and blowing up the Maine. Colonel S.
G. Etherage, an ex-Confederate soldier,
presided over the meeting and nearly
every prominent lawyer in the city de
livered an address.
Resolutions were presented by a com
mittee of five, but they were not strong
I enough to meet the approval of the
I mass-meeting, and were about to be
J amended to condemn McKinley unmer
i cifully, but wiser counsed prevailed
I and the resolutions were considerably
i toned down before their pasage. The
I resolutions demanded that the trouble
j with Spain be settled at once and that
thi» President drive the Spaniards from
this continent, and the Texans pledged
j their support to the Government should
j war result.
To Cure a Coid in One Day
Take La native Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
glMs refund the money if it falls to cure. 23c.
The genuine baa I*, ii. 14. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
DECLARE FOR
QUICK ACTION
Fifty Republican Repre
sentatives Hold a
Conference.
Decide Unanimously That Fur
ther Delay Shall Not
Be Brooked.
Will Meet Again To-Day to Fix
Upon the Course to Bo
Pursued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 29.—
There is a story afloat to-night
that the plan of attempting to
attach a rider to the naval bill
to-morrow may be abandoned,
inasmuch as Speaker Reed has
given an assurance to those re
bellious Congressmen that any
bill passed by the Senate grant-
Ing belligerent rights to the Cu
bans, or recognizing their Inde
pendence, will be taken up in the
House for consideration imme
diately after Its passage by the
Senate.
Call Office, Riggg House,
"Washington, March 29.
The revolt in the House against fur
ther delay of action on the Cuban is
sue culminated to-day In a conference
of Republican members whose ideas are
in accordance with a positive early
course. About fifty Representatives
attended, representing all sections.
Representative Hopkins of Illinois, a
1 member of the Ways and Means Cora-
I mittee, presided. Representative Joy
of Missouri was secretary. The meet
ing was called to take steps to secure
immediate intervention in some form
and the recognition of Cuban independ
\ ence. It was the first definite step
; toward this end since the President's
! message was submitted yesterday.
Up to this afternoon the sentiment
i was a half-concealed but strong feel
' ing against voting money for Cuban
relief unless accompanied by action to
! stop, the war. The meeting to-day
; was called with a view to accomplish
ing" the unqualified removal of the
Spanish troops from Cuba, and prompt
armed intervention in the affairs of
that island. Late this afternoon the
! word was quietly passed around, but
! many who are enthusiastically in fa
vor of intervention failed of notifica
tion, though the number present would
be sufficiently large, by consolidation
with the Democratic forces, to carry
I out a programme.
Representative Hopkins, as chair
man, briefly stated the objects of thfe
meeting. He indicated his disappoint
ment that the President's message car
ried no outlfne of a definite responsive
policy toward Spain, and he did not be
lieve further delay should be brooked.
He, however, thought the administra
tion might have another day or two in
which to act, and, failing to do so, that
Congress should take the matter into
its own hands independently and at
once. He favored action looking to Cu
ban independence, but made no speci
fic suggestions as to the method of its
accomplishment.
Representative Tawney of Minne
sota, another member of the Ways and
Means committee, said this country
should not stop short of securing the
absolute independence of Cuba. He
referred to efforts to have the matter
brought directly before the House, and
said he wished to secure a resolution
for the prompt consideration of the
question on the floor.
Representative Belknap of Illinois,
who favors immediate decisive action,
took the floor and asked a number of
questions tending to bring out the sen
timent of the meeting and the policy
to be followed. The feeling seemed to
be that no action other than the cessa
tion of hostilities on the island and ab
solute independence would be accept
able.
Representative Marsh of Illinois,
chairman of the Committee on Militia,
made a vigorous speech in which he
denounced Spain as the proven culpable
party to the blowing up of the Maine.
He would, he said, put an end to Span
ish rule in Cuba by immediate inter
vention and a formal recognition of
Cuban independence. His remarks were
warmly applauded.
Representative Lorimer of Illinois al
so spoke at considerable length, and
said he was in favor of securing abso
lute independence by any means what
soever. He deprecated the delay that
had already occurred, and protested
that the people of this country would
not stand the withholding of action.
Other speakers were Representatives
Reeves of Illinois; Pierce of Missouri;
Hicks and Brumm of Pennsylvania;
Mann of Illinois; Joy of Missouri;
Kirkpatrick and Arnold of Pennsylva
nia and Lawrence of Massachusetts.
Their speeches were larerely on the
same line.
It was pointed out that while It was
fit that the executive should be given,
as has been, reasonable time in which
to advise, it wag exclusively the func
tion of Congress to declare war, com
mence hostilities or take action of that
character.
The remarks made carried the view
that a mere recognition of belligerency
was not to be considered: for It would
not of itself bring a cessation of hos
tilities, and that Intervention, armed
and immediate, and recognition of in
dependence only would be considered.
Pome more conservatively put it "to
intervene and If necessary to support
such action by the prompt dispatch of
our land and naval forces to Cuba."
After some vigorous speeches denun
ciatory of Spain, it was decided to de
fer action until 5 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. The present programme is
to present to Speaker Reed evidence
that a large majority favor the step
and the Cuban sympathizers believe
that once convinced of the numbers
enlisted In its support he will yield to
them. It is also proposed to communi
cate their sentiment to President Mc-
Klnley. This step to-day is expected
to bear fruit in important action in the
House on Thursday. To-morrow a poll
of the House will be taken.
The following are among those who
participated in the conferences: Messrs.
Hopkins, Mann, Warner, White,
Reeves, Belknap, Marsh and Lorimer
of Illinois; Tawney of Minnesota;
Spalding, William Alden Smith, Sam
uel W. Smith, Mesick, Shelden, Conliss
and Hamilton of Michigan; Morcer of
Nebraska: White of North Carolina,
Mudd of Maryland; Sulloway of New
Hampshire; Knox and Lawrence of
Massachusetts; Johnson of North Da
kota; Rrownlow of Tennessee; Colsor
of Kentucky; Ellis of Oregon; Joy and
Pierce of Missouri, and Brumm, Hicks,
Klrkpatrick and Arnold of Pennsylva
nia.
SMALL CRAFT
TO DEFEND THE
SEABOARD CITIES
Navy Officials to OrgaQize a
"Mosquito Fleet" of Tugs
and Yachts.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 29.
It was disclosed by one of the naval orders Issued yesterday that
the department had determined upon the formation of an additional
new fleet, to be known as "the mosquito fleet," to be composed of tugs,
steam yatchs and other small vessels,- which may be obtained, which
are to be used as a sort of mobile defense of seacoast cities. It was
further developed In this connection that the naval militia of the
several States is to be called upon to man these auxiliary fleets.
The fact that the organization Is to be composed exclusively of
small craft of all descriptions that may be available gives the cause
for Its designation as "the mosquito fleet." Its prospective formation
is the result of the observations and work of the naval college for
the past five years, and the officials believe that with the material that
may be obtainable and the manning of the vessels by the naval mi
litia of the States, a formidable organization of its kind will result.
The naval militia of the States, however, will not be relied upon en
tirely to man the ships, but in case of necessity resort will be had to
seamen wherever they may be picked up.
Commander Elmer, who will have command of the fleet, Is at the
navy-yard, which will be the center of his future operations. His du
ties respecting the selection of craft for the fleet are exactly the same
as those performed by the board, which for the past two weeks has
been engaged in the inspection of merchant vessels for the auxiliary
defense preliminary to their purchase by the Navy Department. The
commander and his assistants will visit various places along the
coast and will communicate by letter with persons and firms owning
small craft with a view to determining just how many are available
and at what price the owners would sell or charter them to the Gov
ernment.
As far as practicable It Is the intention of the department that
there shall be a separate set of ships for the defense of the eeacoast
cities, the whole to compose the "mosquito fleet."
In the event of necessity for a rendezvous of several of these local
fleets, where it can be arranged, the primary idea is for each local
fleet to form the "mobile defense" of the particular city where it
is made up. The Bureau of Ordnance will be called into service to
assist in furnishing armament for ihe vessels. In the event of war
naval officers will be assigned to the command of each of the several
local fleets.
The big naval fleet in the vicinity of Key West received an impor
tant addition to-day in the arrival of the cruiser Cincinnati and the
gunboats Wilmington and Castine, which were at Port Antonio, Ja
maica, when last heard from. The Cincinnati and Castine comprised
the recent South Atlantic squadron and were called home several
weeks ago. These vessels are believed to be in excellent condition
for active service, and will be retained at Key West for the pres
ent. Owing to the great speed the Cincinnati will probably be added
to the '"flying squadron" in case It is deemed advisable to enlarge
that fleet.
HOPING FOR
ARBITRATION
Spanish Officials in Cuba
Yet Refuse to Become
Alarmed.
More Relieved Than Surprised
by the Findings of the
••» Mtiine Court.
Copyrighted, IS9«, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA (via Herald-Call dispatch
steamer to Key West, March 29).— The
Herald's abstract of the report of the
Court of Inquiry, cabled from New
York yesterday, brought to Havana the
flrßt actual news of the precise findings
of the court as to the cause of the j
Maine disaster. Consul-General Lee, a
few minutes before the receipt of the
Herald's abstract, had received sub
stantially similar information through
the medium of a cipher dispatch.
Official reports, received by the pal
ace authorities somewhat later con
firmed the Herald's advices to Havana
correspondents, but the Herald dis
patch gave to the officials the first act
ual news of the court's findings. Th"
cablegram was speedily translated
from English into Spanish and eagerly
read by Secretary-General Congosto,
Marquis Montero and other high offi
cials. They were not disposed to com
ment upon Its contents. One or two
sections seemed, if not gratifying to
them, at least less painful than the
rest- This was particularly true of the
statement that the court found no evi
dence fastening the responsibility for
the ships destruction upon any person
or persons. Eyebrows were elevated
and shoulders shrugged when attention
was called to that portion of the dis
patch which said the ship was percepti- I
bly lifted after the first explosion, but :
some consolation was found apparently ;
In the admission of the court that two ]
magazines were at least partially ex- |
ploded.
Despite the general belief of the
Americans here that this portion of the j
report must refer to the fixed ammuni- |
tion and the magazine filled with salut- ;
Ing powder, the explosion of whic.i ;
has been conceded from the first in all t
well-informed circles, the impression I
seems to prevail in the palace that the
American court's frank admission that
certain magazines did explode, at least !
in part, will tend to strengthen the po
■itlon maintained by the Spanish in- j
qu4ry that the magazine explosion was ,
the primary and sole cause of the dis- I
aster. The" most that is hoped for now
In high Spanish official circles is that j
the United States may consent to sub- i
mit the conflicting reports of the \
American and Spanish Investigation to j
International arbitration.
Consul-General Lee within the week ,
has been informed of five different !
plans to kill him. One contemplated |
surrounding his carriage on the way to
the United States consulate and mob
bing him. Another was a proposal to
send twenty well-dressed young men to j
the Hotel Ingleterra to beat him to ;
death with sticks. The third was to
throw him in the harbor and two others
dealt with such pleasantries as poison
and knife and pistols. To all of which 1
the veteran soldier asks sarcastically: |
"How can a man be expected to main
tain good humor when he is guessing ;
which method will be selected for Ins j
removal?"
On the Produce Exchange yesterday
brokers discussed probable war with
the United States. While the better
class deprecated the seriousness of the
situation and said they hoped sincerely
that the questions at issue would be
settled without hostilities, one person
with lungs of brass said: "There are
only 5000 Americans in Cuba, including
importations of paper citizens and nig
gers, and if we wage war with the
United States we good Spaniards will
make mince meat of them easily
enough."
It was said at the German Club last
night that the New York correspondent
of a German bank, now h^re, had i
asked if he could secure a war insur
ance by the day on $100,000 now on de
posit in Havana. These are some of
the straws which show where the wind
here blows to. but in no instance as yet
have Americans been molested or in-
PLANNING TO
TAKE HAVANA
Strategic Board Dicusses
Army and Navy
Operations.
First Move in Case of War
Would Be the Reduction
of Matanzas.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, March 29.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Plans
for combined operations of the army
and navy in case of war with Spain
were under discussion to-day by the
Strategic Board. The meeting was
confined to the discussion of the point
at which troops should be collected for
prompt transportation to Cuba in case
of war. It will be the duty of the navy
to take a port In Cuba and strongly
fortify it, and when this is accom
plished to convey steamers containing
troopa from some Gulf port. Upon the
landing of these troops they will com
mence offensive operations against Ha
vana.
There is reason to believe that the
department's plans contemplate the re
duction of the city of Matanzas by both
fleets, under command of Captain W.
T. Sampson, and its occupation by the
army. On account of the fortifications
of Havana and the mines which will be
laid in the harbor there is no expecta
tion in the minds of officials that the
navy alone will be able to capture this
city. It is, therefore, necessary that the
army should land and take Havana in
the rear, while the fleet continues its
offensive work from the sea.
Matanzas is within fifty miles of Ha
vana. There are no natural obstacles
to prevent the marching of troops from
that city to Cuba's capital. There is a
railroad connecting the two cities, but
this, of course, would be destroyed.
The roadbed could be taken advantage
of by our engineers, however, to lay
new tracks and thus facilitate tiie
transportation of supplies to troops.
Captain Barker and Lieutenant-
Colonel Wagner had under considera
tion to-day the best point on the gulf
at which troops could be gathered in
the shortest possible time, placed on
boats and transports and sent to
Cuba, Three cities were under con
sideration, viz.: Tampa, Fla., Mobile,
Ala., and New Orleans. It is recognized
that' the port selected must in the first
place be a railroad center, in the sec
ond be fairly well protected, and in the
third have a fairly good harbor.
These three points are railroad ter
minals and, while not very well pro
tected, are being put into condition to
resist attack, and each has sufficient
water to accommodate the protected
cruisers. It is believed that the board
will select the* point nearest to Matan
zas, probably Tampa, In order that the
least possible time may be spent in the
transportation of troops.
The board will also probably recom
mend that transports be obtained, and
for this purpose, it is pointed out, more
excursion steamers and other passen
ger-carrying vessels could be utilized.
There are plenty of these craft along
the southern coast. It would not be
necessary, of course, to arm those ves
sels, as a siring squadron would attend
them and prevent them falling into
the hands of the Spanish.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Helps just where
Help is needed.
It purifies, enriches,
Vitalizes the blood.
It cures all
Spring humors,
Boils, and pimples,
That tired feeling,
Lack of energy.
. ADVERTISEMENTSL^^^^___^^
3 MEN IN A BOAT!
.-- The first three men who call at our store this morning, March 30. 1898,
with this notice, and buy and pay for a Klondike outfit complete, clothing,
provisions, sleds, stove, etc., (we have everything) say not less than $200,
will receive a
Free Ticket to Alaska
On the new. safe, swift-going 'steamer Humboldt. ' which starts on. its fourth
trip in a few days, direct to Dyea and Skaguay. The next six men who
present themselves will get on same terms a full-paid V
Ticket at A Price
$25. Our goods are the best; packing is the safest. You Vet the benefit of
all published reductions. The Humboldt is one of the best-manned and best-
provisioned steamers on western waters. Carries 350 passengers. See us
about tickets, freight, or goods for any vessel leaving this port.
HPfr Tt^^^^^i -^-j*-' ■ ' ■■ aa^^^HP^rSß Ckjy 3L*"^ STORE,
'^^Hl. CASH STORE,
M Jw The ' i vest and Liveliest Store in the City
WpT/ We guarantee all the goods we sell— they are money
— zZ<- Back. LIBERALITY our motto.
25=27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
ALASKA
GOLD BONDS.
SECURITY— FOR
GRUBSTAKES.
THE ALASKA PROSPECTORS" BTNW-
cate Company offers for sale five thousand
(5000) non-interest bearing bonds of the value
of five dollars ($5 00) each.
The bondholders are guaranteed thirty per
cent (30%) of the gross proceeds of the product
of 35 to 40 prospectors in Alaska outfitted by
the company.
The following table shows the sum that
«>ach $5 bond will realize for the investor on a
given gross product of any amount from $100,-
000 to $2,000,000:
Total Product by Redemption Value of
35 to 40 Men. Each $5 Bond.
1100.000 *6 00
200.000 12 00
300.000 18 00
500,000 30 00
1.000.000 60 00
2,000.000 120 00
These bonds are secured by contracts with
and Insurance policies and collaterals from
prospectors to whom the company advances
60% of their expenses.
The bonds of the Alaska Prospectors Syndi-
cate Company offer the completest protection to
those who desire to grubstake their acquaint-
ances.
gSP" A Subscriber to 25 Bonds is
Entitled to Nominate One Pros-
pector.
Gold mlnlnc under the most favorable cir-
cumstances is necessarily speculation, but
these -bonds give those who find the money
much more of a show than is at all usual.
The bonds will be sold on the following
terms: On allotment, $1, and $1 per week
until paid. - v ;U : ' '»'■ . 
Thousands of people who would go to Alas-
ka and for one reason or another cannot, are
prepared to invest in the chances open to all
to ret some share of the millions of gold that
will be gathered in the gold fields during the
""•The Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Company
offers Just such an opportunity.
Agents wanted. Liberal commissions.
For further information address or apply to
HENRY G.SHAW,
President Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Co.,
Room 32, No. 4 Suttcr St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
. — —
¥>T|TTriTTI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
KKIJkirICi^ erB bootblacks, bath-
UIIUUIXUW houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers.GOO Sacramento St
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:1*,
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trig
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— fixtra trip* at 1*
and 11*30 p m. * ■
6UNDATS-5b:00. »:*>, 11:00 a. m.: VM. t.M,
* : " A6N°RAFAEI.A 6 N°RAFAE1. TO BAN FRANCISCO.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. »:*». 11 :M a. m.5
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1*55 and 6:35 p. m. ■
6UNDATS-8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:M. I: 4*.
Between San"'Franclseo and Schuetxen Park
•ame schedule as above.
Lf*av© t r>4Yfv** Arrive
San Frauclsco. Oct.i£ fan Frandsoqi
aff i ssz DeBSoa X ) s?
30a.m. ! 8 :00a.m. 1 TfOTato, 110:40 a.m. I 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. :30a.m. Petaluma. 1 6:10 p.m. 10 :20 a.m.
b :10p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 1 7:35 p.m. ti:ap.m.
Fulton.
7-SOa.m. Windsor, 10:23 a.m.
Healdabur?,
Lytton,
.-''..■■.' •' Geyservllla,
7:Sop.m. S :00a.m. Cloverdala T :Bsp.m. B:Pp.m.
~~ ~j 1 lHopland and 1 [ ~
7:a0a.m.18-00a.m.| Uklah. | T :85p.m. 6:»p.m.
7:80 a.m. " 10:35 a.m.
!8 :00a.m. Guernevtlle. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. ' 6:23 p.m.
-, :20a. m.;S :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 1 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. .T:oor).m. Glen Ellen. B:lop.mJ 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. B:ooa.m.| ophMtoTMi |10:40a.m.110:25a.m.
8:30 p.m. 5:00 p.m. I Seoaatopol. [ 7 :35 p.m. i 7:22 p.m.
Eta-res connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
fiell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boon villa.
Orr"» Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 66o Market street. ChronlaW
building.
A. W. FOSTER. ■ R. X. RYAN.
Free- and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1597. trains will run as !
tollows: - ."• ■ k ___^ ■
"~~ Southbound^ T | Northbound, ,'
Passen- Mixed -,, I Mixed Panaai "
ger Sunday Stations. Sunday ? or ;
Dally Exc'p'ul— — — Exc'p'ul Dally; v
\ V3O a.m. 9:00 a. m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. s:4'j p.T±!
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:5:1 pi'a.
30:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno a.m. 8:30 p.i a
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. HanforJ :45 a.m. lljp-n
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visalla 6:40 a.m. 12:W p,ui
1 Stopping at Intermediate po inta when requirod !
Connections — At biocktun • with " !^team^oal3 of
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
etockton at 8 p. .m. •• dally; at Merced ; with
: stages to and from Bnellings, Coulterville. etc.;
also with stage for Hornltoa. Mariposa, etc.:
. At Lankershim with stage to and from MiJsrs, ;
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
•OUTIIKRX PACIFIC COMPAJfT.
(PAOiriO BTSTKM.)
Train* lc«r« nn«l »»••* due to »rrl»« »•
. ■ SAN FBAHVOMI*.
*■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) v -
lkave — From Jaspart L 1898. — a»eit»
"•6:00a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •|» s'*sas '*5a
7:OO\ Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . . 10:43 a
7:OOa Marygville, Orovilleaud HeddingTia
Woodland 2 : 15 F
7:00 a VacavUlo and Eunssey ..■■■■ "=*>'
7i3Oa Martinez. SaulUmon.VaUeJo, I«»pa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa.. S*i5 F
Bjooa Atlautlclixpress, Ogilen and Last.. ■:*»*
KiIIVA Niles, Sau .lose, .Stockton, loaa.
Sacramento, Maryafille, Cnioo,
Tehamaandneillllutf '*•*•»*'
•Bi3Oa Peters, Milton ami 0akda1e... ...... »7«1B»
»i«MiA New Orleans Kipresa, Merced. Ray-
mond, l'resno, ilakerslield. Santa
Uarliara. I<o3 Aiigcles. Deraing.
El I'aao, New Orleans and P.as*. Si43p
9:00 a Vallcjo. Martinez. Merced ; and
Fresno « I J»*
•HOOp Sacramento RiTer Steamers.... •» iOOf
] :OOr NUes, San Joso acd Way Stations. . J»:l »A
1:30f Martinez and Way Stations j 7x45p
StOUp iaTermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia ■■••• 4ilßj
LlTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
stations l 1* 1 "*
4>«Or Mi»rti!ie7., Hau Ramcn. Vallejo,
Napa, Oalißtoga, 121 Verauo and !
. SRiiUUosa • • •••*•*
4i4>*r Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,.
<-, Kuigbtß Landing, MarysTille. Oro-
v Tille and bacraniento I *'*"*
«■••* Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il3r
4iSOpL»throp, Modesto, Merced, Berenda, : .
Fresno, Mojayo (for Randsburg),
Sauta Barbara and Lea Augelea.. 7««OA
4:X«r Banta We Itcute, Atlantic Kxpre*
for Mojave and Hast - •*••»»
?St3Or " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El.
Paso. Fort Worth. Little Hock. St. _'
Louis. Chicago and East |l«tlBA
«T3:B«r "Sunset Limited Annex." El Paso. „.„.'
New Orleans and East {lOsISa.
6:00r F,uropean Mail, Ogilen and Kait.... 9:*H\
6:OOp Haynarila, Nik* and Htn Jose 7:43 a
!»:OOf Vallejo.... 47:48?
8:oor Oregon Express, Sacramento. Marys- i
ville, lleiltliug. Portland, I'ugeS
Sound ami Kasfc ■ . ■ BllS^
SAS LEAMJUO AMI lIAIWABUB LOCAL.,
. (Foot of Market Street.) 'li'rj:.: ~ —
-FifiooTT— ~ " ~~f" Tt\^
S:O«a Helrmie, Semlnarf Park, , *tS s lst
iVZZi Fitc].bnr*,Kl.h«r.t, j \i\*lt
<11:OOa 6aa Ti«andro, South 8««. ' I ? ! *''? p
tl*:OOM uniro, fet-dill^ &*%
*i'3:6b'p Loremo, CherrK 'i < SSl3*S S 13*
4:00p , - I •". «Bi43p
S:OOp •■<» «:13p
6: hop Raj wards. i J'j 3 *
7z»op * | .-g'ii^S
*:«Op iftme through to NUM. t ,® ! JVsm
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow («augej. .
(Foot of Market Street.)
' Tißl»ANewark,Ceiitervillo,Saw.loBB,Kelton, "
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way '_
Stations • SsssMß
*Stlßp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New j
■ Alinaden, Felton, Uonldet. Creek. . C
Banta Cruz and Principal Way _ »
Stations.... •!#«»•«
lilSr Newark, Han Jose and Los Gatos ... B:SOa.
tlli43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
..'■«■»; Way Stations ■' t7»BOq
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIN FRiKCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. )l:00 *2:00 13:C3
•4:00 tS:CD *6:00r.M.
PromOAUIKD— «r Broadway.— '6:oo 8:00 10KW*.H«
t12:03 *l:03 ta:OO «3:03 ti:00 . «3:05r.1U
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). : '
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
•is3a Ban Jobs and Way bUtious (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) Bi33a
oiO*a San Joso, Tres l'iuo.s, Kauta Crux,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, Sau
Luis Oblspo, Uusdalupe, Surf and
Principal Way SUtlons.... 4ilsr-
10:40* San Jose mid Way Stations •SiO»A
Sl:3Oa Ban Jose ami Way Stations 8:33 a
**:3Or San Mat»o, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, .San Jose, Gilroy, .
Hollister. Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Paelile GroTe »I0«40a
•t:l3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »9:00\
•<:lsp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 9:43 a
*SsOOp San Jose and Principal Way Sutioni 1:3 OP
s<3op San Jose anil Principal Way Stations StSOp
6::;oi> San Jose and Way Stations 7:KOp
jll:-ir>i- San Jose ami Way .Stations ?;aor
A for Morning. P for Afternoon, i
• Sundays exeepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdaja onlj,
J Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* oalj-
f Mondays and Thursdays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays. ' v "_ •"
| MBHftlfSHßi i] CALIFORNIA
&^jTgjB3j LIMITED.
iSPßfiil I SAN FRANCISCO :
I SS9 \!m all v p B Srv2ra 1 1 TO
{■IW.I'BI CH iCA6O.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
■
Carries first-class -passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers. • -
314 days to Chicago. 4H days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
I Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
i Palace and 'Pullman Tourist Seeping Cars on
i fast time. Direct connect I .^ in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.:
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office 6-.-1 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
; 1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
' mento office. 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
j Santa Clara street. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1537.
VTEEK DATS. t.- v -
, For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*: :», . •}:*!.
, : ii:3o a. m.; '1:45. 3:45. •5:15. 6:00. «:*> p. m.
•Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
j Wednesdays «nd Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SL»W UA I o. i
For Mill Valley and San 'Rafael—^B:oo, n».-«t.
•11:30 a. m.; *t:l5. 3:00. *4:30. 8:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. . . . .
1 35 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. ]
MOUNT " TAIIALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. '
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novas*
ber IS. 1597: -
Week Days — a. m., 1:45 p. m.
. .Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. ra.
\ Round trip from Mill Valley. U.
I THOH. COOK & SON. AceQts. 631 HarkaC
street, Ban Francisco-NOT FOR
PEACE AT
ANY PRICE
Senators in Favor of War
With Spain Introduce
Resolutions.
Mason of Illinois Makes a Most
Sensational Speech in Which
He Demands Satisfaction
From Castilians.
Call Office, Rig-gs House,
Washington, March 29.
Interest In the Cuban situation — the
Interest might almost be termed ex
citement, so intense was it — reached a
climax in the proceedings of the Sen
ate to-day. As on previous days of
discussion of the Cuban question, thou
sands of people flocked to the Capitol,
only a few of whom, comparatively,
could gain admission to the galleries.
Within five minutes after the Senate
convened Allen of Nebraska introduced
a resolution recognizing the independ
ence of the Cuban republic. This was
followed by a resolution proposed by
Rawlins of Utah, declaring war against
the kingdom of Spain.
Morrill of Vermont, from the Finance
Committee, reported a joint resolution
providing for the importation, free of
duty, of military supplies secured
abroad, into the United States, and
asked for its immediate consideration.
It was passed.
Several joint resolution bearing upon
the Cuban question were then intro
duced, each one containing a lively
sensation as it was read.
The first was by Allen of Nebraska,
recognizing the independence of Cuba.
Allen's resolution was, at his request,
laid on the table.
A declaration of war was next Intro
duced by Rawlins of Utah.
Senator Foraker of Ohio then pre
sented a resolution recognizing the In
dependence of Cuba and favoring
armed intervention. Foraker asked
that the resolution go to the Foreign
Relat mittee. He said that his
resolution had been long delayed. He
intended, he said, to present it at the
opening of the session last December,
but he "Withheld it at that time because
the President's message gave promise
that within a reasonable time definite
and decisive action would be taken by
the administration so soon as auton
uld be given a fair trial. A
■ time seems now to have
The people of the country
■ that all the necessary time has
in to bring: peace to the
land. Autonomy. Foraker
had failed, but just as its
faliut ■ ': tne' country was
niffl by the De Lorn? incident.
the excitement created by
this subsided when what has been
styled "the .Maine incident" threw the
country into a hurricane of excitement,
ice that time," said the Senator,
"we have been waiting patiently and
under restraint for the report of the
K..ard of Inquiry. That report is now
before the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions. Whatever may be done as to the
Maine Incident action must come on
the general Cuban question."
Senator Foraker said he hoped at a
later date to address the Senate at
length upon his resolution.
Frye °f Maine said he had not intend
ed to offer a resolution at this time, but
in view of others proposed he would
present the one he had prepared.
The resolutions were all, except Al
len's, referred to the Committee on For
eign Relations.
At the conclusion of the presentation
of resolutions Mason of Illinois was
recognized for a speech on the Presi
dent's message of yesterday. Mason
paid he believed it was due to the coun
try now to know the general expression
and intention of the members of the
Senate. While he would not apologize
for discussing the Cuban question at
this time, he did not intend by so do
ing any disrespect either to the Admin
istration or to the Committee on For
eign Relations when he said that he
was tired of the dilatory tactics that
had been employed for three years to
prevent assistance from the United
States to the Cubans. He continued:
"More than two years ago the plan of
the Spanish Government to starve the
women and children and non-comba
tants was begun. Every intelligent
man, woman and child was Informed of
It through the ordinary channels of in
formation, the newspapers, and by the
statements of disinterested witnesses,
day after day, week after week, month
after month and year after year, and it
had received practically no attention
from this Government until some of the
members of this body visited the scenes
of death and distress and brought back
to the United States, on their words of
honor that no picture had been drawn
by the press that fully stated *he hor
rors of the situation.
"Wh^n the order of concentration
came they cornered at least SOO Ameri
can citizens with the reeonceentrados
and refused to let them go out and
earn a legitimate and honest living. It
R'nount'd to Imprisonment. We claimed |
S o at th* time, though many professed
not to believe it until the honorable |
Senator from Vermont described the
dead line and the gun of the Spanish
Boldier that kept the reconcentrados to
gether Any other self-respecting na
tion "in the world would have ordered
their release and bettor treatment, or
they would have opened the gates ;t
hell on Morro Castle. This Govern
ment however, upon th*> suggestion of
the President, took $50,000 of the peo
ple's money out of the treasury of the
United States and begged permission
Of Spain for the privilege of feeding our
citizens American bread on Spanish
poll. lam not complaining; lam not
criticizing: there is no other such re
cord in all the history of the world,
only repeat this humiliating statement
to call attention to the fact that every
effort that has been made by the- Presi
dent has been construed by Spain to
b« an act of cowardice and absolute .
end conclusive evidence that we are (
afraid of that mighty power and every
Buch act of careful consideration on our
part has made Spain more cruel to her
own people, and more insulting to us."
Mason then turned his attention to
the destruction of the Maine, saying:
"The battle-shin Maine, our gallant
chip. went down, and 268 of our gallant
Bailors with her. At the time every
citizen of the United States familiar
with the Spanish character felt ctonfi
dent it was Spanish treachery. < >ur
Bhip was there by right of custom, ten
dered hospitality, and also by treaty
contract she had an absolute right to
be there. Ine day closed and she rode I
the harbor a messenger of peace. No !
message had been sent by our execu
tive inconsistent with the national
honor of Spain. Our only offer was to
restore peace alike honorable to* all.
Our treasury had been opened to feed
her people. Definite plans were not
even suggested by the President, fear
ing to injure our relations with Spain.
Spain could not conqu ' her own in
surgents. Hud we been a grasping na
tion we could at any time within two
years have made aggressive and forci
ble annexation, taking advantage of
the crimes of Spain and the misfor
tunes of Cuba.
"The night came on, a dark, gloomy
night, a natural and proper time for
Spanish 'bravery.' Our men were
asleep in a friendly harbor. They were
never challenged to display their cour
age. They were not whipped in honor
able battle, but choked, burned, stran
gled and drowned without a chance to
die fighting for life, without a moment
to say a prayer. In the twinkling of an
eye they stood in the presence of their
Maker. Suppose ninety of them had
been United States Senators. Suppose
the balance had been members of Con
gress or made up of Judges and leading
professional and business men, would
forty days have elapsed before war be
gan? Or suppose each Senator had a
son or a father there? Do we tell our
children the truth when we say that
the life of every American citizen is of
equal value before the law? They
were not Senators — tht^y were sailors.
Their widows and orphans cry aloud to
us. The silent appeal of 268 seamen
comes to us again and again, 'We are
flesh of your flesh, bone of your bone
and blood of your blood; we lived and
died for the 'flag that shields -ou.'
What is to be our answer? Shall we
answer with money? Mr. President. I
speak only for myself, and I am for
war." (Applause in the galleries.)
"But gentlemen may say: 'Don't say
you are for war — say that you are for
armed intervention, which means war.'
I belive in calling things by their right
name. If we belive that murdering our
men, sinking our ships and lowering
our flag is not cause for war, say so
and refer it, as they did the Virginius
affair, and allow our brothers to be sold
like stock for gold. If it is a cause for
war, let us assume the responsibility
put upon us by the constitution and
say so, not only to Spain, but to the
whole world. Let us not say one thing
and mean another. For God's sake, let
us not Spanify our diplomacies, but
rather speak the truth and prove our
selves true disciples of James G.
Blame.
"I shall oppose any plan to assist
Spain to place any kind of autonomy
on Cuba. Spain cannot be trusted to
keep her promise, and we cannot un
dertake to compel her to. Aside from
that poor Cuba has paid a larger price
for liberty than we did, and she must
be free. I shall oppose any plan that
looks to forcing Cuba in the future to
pay Spain in cash for her liberty. Her
land is full of graves and her future
generations must not be mortgaged.
WILL DECLARE FOR
FORCIBLE INTERVENTION.
Resolution Likely to Be Reported by
the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Much in
terest is felt in the meeting of the Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations,
which is called from 10:30 a. m. to
morrow to consider the various reso
lutions introduced in the Senate. The
only question of doubt is whether the
committee will take action at its sitting
to-morrow. In view of the records of
the members on the Cuban question
ami tli'ir present attitude, there is no
uncertainty that their action will be
pronouncedly favorable to the Cubans.
Members of the committ<'f> individually
spoken express the opinion that thecom
mittee will report a resolution declaring
for forcible intervention. Such is the
purport of all the resolutions intro
duced to-day, and the rental feeling is
that any less radical action would be of
no avail.
Watching 1 the Windward Passage.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 29. —
Captain Paine of the British steamer
Belvidere, from Boston, March 24, for
Port Antonio, which arrived here, re
ports that a Spanish ironclad is watch
ing the Windward Passage, about forty
miles off the coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAlili, "WEDSTESD A V, MAKCH 30, 1898.
VESSELS OF THE AUXILIARY FLEET.
TALKS OF PEACE,
PLANS FOR WAR
President McK-inley Now
Proposes to Build
Many Boats.
It Is Probable One Hundred
Torpedo- Boats and Destroy
ers Will Be Ordered.
Seven Million Dollars to Be Expended
in Strengthening the Navy at
Its Weakest Point.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 29.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley is considering the ad
visability of investing $7,000,000 in the
construction of one hundred torpedo
destroyers and torpedo-boats. Should
there be any evidence of the failure
of the peace negotiations now in pro
gress there is no doubt in the minds of
naval officials that the President will
authorize the expenditure of this sum
of money in order that the navy may
be strengthened at its weakest point.
In anticipation of the direction of the
President to build the boats plans for
their hulls and machinery have been
prepared and contracts can be let aa
soon as the decision is formally an
nounced.
The proposition to build one hundred
torpedo boat destroyers and torpedo
boats arose as a result of the failure
of agents of this Government abroad to
purchase satisfactory vessels of these
types. Up to the present time but two
torpedo boats, one a sea-going boat and
the other intended only for harbor de
fense, have been secured and the au
thorities admit that there is little likeli
hood that any more boats will be
purchased.
In view of this fact Secretary Long
directed Chief Naval Constructor Hich
born and Engineer-in-Chief Melville to
report to him the number, displacement
and cost of torpedo-boat destroyers and
torpedo boats which should be built by
this Government. This report was
submitted to Secretary Long to-day,
and has been presented to the Presi
dent for official consideration. I under
stand that the report of -the officials
recommends the construction of about
thirty destroyers of from 325 to 350 tons
displacement, capable of making a
maximum speed of thiry knots an hour,
and to be built within a period of four
or five months. The torpedo boats are
to be each of about 100 tons displace
ment and capable of making a speed of
from twenty to twenty-two knots. The
boats must be completed within ninety
days. _^______^___
MARSH DECLARES
WAR ON SPAIN.
WASHINGTON, March 29.—Repre
sentative Marsh of Illinois, chairman
of the House Committee on the Militia,
to-day introduced a joint resolution de
claring war between the Government
of Spain and its dependencies and the
United States and her territories. It
is as follows:
"That war be and the same is hereby
declared to exist between the Govern
ment of Spain and her dependencies
and the United States and her terri
tories, and that the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to
use the whole land and naval force of
the United States, including the militia
and the naval militia thereof, to carry
the same into effect."
LETTER OF
AN ADMIRER
An Interesting Feature of
the. Report on the
Maine Disaster.
Anonymous Information Con
cerning an Alleged Plot and
Death of Plotters.
But the Story Sent to the Havana
Consulate Wus Inaccurate and
Covild Not Be Verified.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlgps House,
Washington, March 129.
An Interesting feature of the pub
! lished report of the Maine testimony
issued from the Government printing
office to-day was the famous anony
i mous letter mentioned in the testimony
of Henry Drain, clerk of the Ameri-
I can consulate at Havana. The letter
was received by General Lee a few
days after the Maine disaster. It was
dated February 18, 1898, and signed,
"An Admirer." It was in Spanish,
written apparently by a fairly well ed
ucated person. It follows:
It should be remembered that at dawn
on the day of the terrible catastrophe
an individual was killed in a small boat,
j together with another wiio was found
• wounded and a prisoner. They were go
i ing about the cruisers Maine and Alfonso
XII, and as the said individuals are of
the worst antecedents as harbor thieves,
I have interested myself in investigat
ing what connection this occurrence could
have had with the explosion of the Maine,
and I have discovered that these two
men, together with another, who is called
Fepe Taco, had bought in a hardware
store in Mercadores street, called Marina,
a hose such as is used by divers, and
that the three left Regla in a small boat,
which they placed under the wharves of
Santa C'atahna. and they were loitering
about more than an hour and a half,
while Pepe Taco, who is a caulker u.ri'l
diver, probably the best in these parts,
did the work to bring about the explo
sion of the Maine. With this data I went
to Regla and discovered that the family
of the dead man, who lived in the ut
most misery in a hut In Rodriguez Bap
tism street, had moved to a well-fur
nished one on Gelabert street. There I
learned that they had agreed with some
merchants of Muralla street for the
work of blowing up the ship for the sum
of $6000— 52000 in advance and the other
$4000 after seeing the result.
But, as they did not come out of the
adventure very well, having been at
tacked when they were retiring, the re
sult of which was the death of one, who
left his teeth in the boat, and another one
wounded, the third one has not yet pre
sented himself to collect tho rpst of the
money, and it could be probably secretly
done that, by paying him the rest that
the others will not now pay him. he would
declare tho truth of all this. The one
whom I called the third party is the
diver, Pepe Taco, who is unwounded, who
is no doubt afraid to present himself to
collect the rest. In Muralla street, they
tell me, was the place where the business
was arranged with Garcia C'orujedo, Vil
las T'ssa. Maribona and others whom I
do not remember. The man who is arrest
ed is being administered with morphine
constantly to see if he will die and not
give evidence, so as not, they express it,
to spoil the affair after it has come off so
much to their taste.
I certify that the above is a true copy.
A. MARIX,
Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. N., and
Judge-Advocate.
Drain, the consular clerk, stated in
his evidence that an effort was made
to ascertain the authenticity of the let
ter, although the consulate was hand
icapped, having no secret service fun<i
Witness discovered, however, that the
name Pepe Taco must have been a
mistake, as the man mentioned died a
few days before the explosion took
place. Witness thought the name
should have been Pepe Barquin, who
died a couple of days after the explo
sion. ,
MINES AND
TORPEDOES
Shore Connections Estab
lished — Electrical Ap
paratus Adjusted.
Submarine Agencies Can Be
Placed in This Bay on
Shcrt Notice.
Captain Danes' Battery I, From Angel
Island, Takes Station at the
Presidio.
The engineers of the Pacific division
of the United States army, who are
charged with the duty of planting tor
pedoes and submarine mines to defend
the harbor of San Francisco, have their
work well advanced. Colonel Charles
R. Suter. Major William H. Heuer and
Major Charles E. L. B. Davis of the
Engineer Corps have conducted their
operations with great activity and re
markable secrecy.
General Shatter, commanding the De
partment of California, having the
j right to know everything concerning
| the fortifications of the harbor, was ad-
I vised yesterday of the progress which
j had been made by the engineer officers.
jlt transpires that the bay and the
! channels of the Golden Gate have been
i charted and locations designated for
j the mines and floating torpedoes. Shore
connections have been established and
electrical apparatus f or wiring the
mines and torpedoes has been adjusted.
It has been known to a few on the In
side that the engineers were working
vigorously to get everything in proper
shape for the protection of the harbor,
i but it was not developed until yester
day that so much advancement In the
work had been made.
Orders were received yesterday from
General Nelson A. Miles, -»omma.ndlng
the United States army, directing that
at all artillery posts, not already pro
vided with suitable charts, post com
manders will have compiled the best
charts possible for the use of their re
spective commands. The charts are to
be prepared by detail of officers and
men from such data as may be on hand
or readily obtainable. Suitable base
lines will be laid off, carefully measured
and accurately marked on the harbor
chart.
Where no range and position finder
has been installed, requisition will be
made on the Ordnance Department for
! an auxiliary range and position finder,
in which the height in feet of the in
strument station above mean low tide
shall be stated. Where necessary to
1 supplement, or be used in place
j of the range finder, base end instru
ments will be asked for. Requisitions
will include platting board material. In
the meantime arrangements will be im
provised for position finding.
Where electrical installations have
not already been made, requisitions on
the Signal Department will be at once
forwarded for necessary telephones, tel
ephone and telegraph materials for
connecting the batteries, base ends and
platting stations.
At posts where 8-inch converted rifles
' and 10 and 15 inch smoothbore guns are
I already mounted and bearing upon
channels, and especially upon the pro
posed location of mine fields, post com
manders will place them in as perfect
condition as possible, and will report
the result of an accurate inspection of
these guns, carriages, platforms, in
! struments, equipments and ammunition
iin the quarterly report to be made
March 31.
The report which will be forwarded
from this military department to-mor
row will be elaborate and interesting.
! It will show what has been done on the
lines directed by the orders from head
quarters of the army in Washington.
By direction of General Shafter, Cap
tain Henry C. Danes' Battery I. Third
Artillery, was yesterday transferred
from Angel Island to barracks at the
Presidio. The wooden quarters near
the hospital that were occupied by the
light batteries when the Fifth Artil
lery was stationed at the Presidio were
occupied again last evening. The or
der of transfer directed the battery to
report to Colonel Evan Miles, com
manding officer at the Presidio, as a
part of the garrison of the Fort Point
fortifications. No time was lost by
the artillerymen In getting away from
Angel Island. The transportation was
Immediately provided by the Govern
ment steamer General McDowell. There
remain at Angel Island the headquar
ters of the Third Artillery Regiment,
the band and Battery G. The trans
fer was rendered necessary by the ex
tra duty required In mounting and car-
Ing for the guns at Fort Point.
Captain Sigsbee Reports.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Captain
Sigsbee visited the Navy Department
reporting his arrival and expressing
his readiness to assume any duties that
the department wished to assign him.
He is well known at the department,
having served as chief of the hydro
graphic office, and his return after the
dramatic and tragic experience he has
passed through attracted the greatest
interest of officials, subordinates and
the throngs of tourists who just now
happen to be making the Navy De
partment a center of their observa
tions.
SPANISH
OFFICERS
GUILTY
Proof Given of Their Plot
to Blow Up the
Maine.
Most Significant Portions of the
Evidence Before the Court
of Inquiry Not Given Out
to the Public.
BOSTON, March 29.— The Journal
publishes the following: Washington
special: In abstracts sent out last
night the most significant portion re
lating to the plot to blow up the Maine
was omitted. These portions are re
garded by a few naval officials who
have seen them as of greater impor
tance than any other part of the evi
dence. The name of one witness is not
given In the testimony for obvious rea
sons, for fear of Spanish harm to him.
This man testified to a conversation
between Spanish officers relating to the
destruction of the Maine. A part of
the transcript relative to this follows:
Examined by Judge Advocate
(through interpreter) — I have heard
that on Tuesday morning you over
heard a certain conversation which re
ferred to the possible sinking of the
Maine. Will you please state to the
court all you can in regard to that mat
ter?
Interpreter — At about half-past 7 on
the morning of the 15th he was sitting
on the front seat in the bow of the
ferry-boat; there were about four feet
distant three officers, two of the army,
one of the navy, of Spain, and besides
a citizen, a stout man about 50 years
of age. They were conversing about
the Maine. He said one of the army
officers said in the Circulo Militaro
(the military club here on the Prado).
"that is nearly arranged." The citi
zen inquired, "Will not making ex
plosions in the bay run a great risk
to the city of Havana?" The citizen
inquired that from the Spanish officer
who made the first remark. He says
that the officer replied "No." That it
was arranged so that it would simply
explode, open the vessel and she would
sink Immediately. Then the other
man, with an exclamation apparently
ADVERTISEMENTS.
111 1 A STUNNING LINE OFf
$10 WORTHS. [
Since our introductorD summer cut
of $5.00 on $15,00 Suits, $10,00
Suits have been all the page. Fop
real genuine values there has never
been offered in San Francisco anu-
tning better in the clothing line,
It's a most varied selection of elegance
and- worth we invite uou to look over,
reinforcing all we sau in favor of
these suits bu our standing rule —
uoup moneu back if there is ang dis-
satisfaction, and everything kept in
repair one uear free of charge.
We stow a thorougbij up-to-date line of BATS AND CAPS AND HEN'S FUR-
NISHINGS of all descriptions.
718-722 MARKET ST., S. F-
of joy, said. "I will take plenty of beer
on that occasion."
At that moment a cartman came for*
ward and one of the men touched th«
: other and stopped the conversation,
I and then he could not hear any more,
i He said they kept on speaking, bui
' he did not hear any more.
Judge Advocate— What was the first
; remark made by the army officer?
Interpreter — That he had heard In th«
Clrculo Militaro that the plans were all
arranged, and that they were goinsr to
blow her up anyhow; that it was a
shame to Spain that she should be here
in the bay. A lieutenant said: "Then
if you blow her up, there would be an
other one come," and a superior office*
said: "They would take care not t«
send another."
Judge-Advocate — What was the char
acter of the uniform of the army offi
cers?
Interpreter — One was a lieutenant
| and the other had stars down below th«
! stripes. He had two stripes, which
! would indicate that he was from a ma
i jor upward. He also had a belt which
j would indicate that he is of a general's
I staff.
Judge-Advocate — What was the color
of the uniform?
Interpreter— All of that little strips
that they wear here. Blue linen. The
marine officer was dressed in dark blue,
but he did not notice the insignia that
he had on it at all.
Judge-Advocate — Which one of tha
army officers made the remark you
spoke about, the staff officer or the lieu
tenant?
Interpreter— The staff officer. He
spoke with the citizen.
J J. O'BRIEN & CO., Murphy Bldg.,
Mkt. & Jones, mD "STAXDARP" shirts'
34
BRADY ON
THE NEEDS
OF ALASKA
Governor of the Terri-
Tory Is a Guest of
Seattle.
En Route to Washington
to Urge Necessary
Legislation.
Wants the General Land Laws
Extended to the North-
em Country.
TITLES HARD TO OBTAIN.
Ons Condition Which Militates
Against the Progress of _
Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 29. — Governor
Brady of Alaska arrived in Seattle to
day en route for "Washington. Just
before leaving the north the Governor
made a trip over the trails from Dyea
and Skaguay. In an interview with
The Call correspondent to-night the
Governor said:
"I am going to try to effect several
things for Alaska while I am in "Wash
ington. First, lam going to make a
strong effort to get the general land
laws of the United States extended to
Alaska. That will require a simple
act, entailing less than a dozen words,
but it would be a very important one
to the people of this district. I con
sider that the imposslDllity to secure
tit!" to land in Alaska has done more
than anything else to hold its growth
bacfc. Immediate help in that regard
ought to be given. All departments
of business and commercial develop
ment are paralyzed and the wheels of
justice are clogged by the want of land
title.
•'I shall try, too, while in Washing
tun, to expose the many defects of the
present bills in Congress relating to
Alaska, especially that proposing three
judares, one to sit at St. Michael, one at
Sitka and one at Circle City. The first
named place is a military reservation
and the latter is almost deserted now.
The measure has too many defects to
enumerate.
"In my last report I recommended the
appointment of a commission, which
should sit in Alaska and with the help
of the people who are interested ar
range a code of laws for our govern
ment. As an example of the absence of
laws which we suffer from there is no
way t" protect or take care of an in
sane person in Alaska unless he is a
criminal. We had an insane man over
at Sitka who punched out his own eyes.
]t takes a year to communicate with
the Government and get an order to
have the patient removed to an asylum
near Washington, D. C.
"A fine class of men is coming to
Alaska now. I noticed what a stalwart,
inU-iliKent, good-natured crowd it was
on the trail. Probably not one in a
hundred of those men intends to make
Alaska his home. If we had a good
code of laws many of them would stay
and we could soon do as California did
— apply for admission as a State in
stead of a territory. That vast country
would make a magnificent State."
Governor Brady was asked what he
thought of the project of bringing rein
deer into the district. He said that he
considered the introduction of them
would be a boon to the people.
Two other matters were to have oc
cupied the Governor's attention in
Washington. These were visits to the
Agricultural and Postal Departments
of the Government. The Governor be
lieves that the possibilities of Alaska
in an agricultural way are almost illim
itable. The whole mater he has par
tially abandoned because of the an
nouncement just made that a special
officer with full power to act is now en
route to Alaska to make changes in the
present very inadequate and unsatis
factory postal arrangements. Governor
Brady insisted that the saloons in
Alaska will be closed if he is able to
have it done. He said:
Mudlarks Have an Inning.
NEW ORLEANS, March 29.— The rain
put the track in worse condition than it
was yesterday.
Seven furlongs, Halton won, Irish Lady
second, Scrivener third. Time. 1:33.
One mile, selling. Swordsman won.
Mount Washington second, Russella
third. Time, 1:47.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling. Cor- !
elli won, Mr. Easton second. The Doctor
third. Time. I:s^.
Handicap, one mile. Albert S won, Pete
Kitchen second, Judge Steadman third.
Tirrle, 1:46%.
Six furlonga, selling. Stanza won, Ana
helm second. Tommy Rutter third. Time,
1:18%.
One mile, selling, Cavesprlnj? won, Teeta
May second, L W third. Time, 1:45.
Water for Yolo Farms.
WOODLAND, March 29.— A large force
of men was put to work this morning ',
constructing a temporary dam on tho ]
Bite of the old Moore dam, and it is ex- !
pected that water will be turned on the j
parched fields that are under the ditch j
system by next Monday. Work has npver
before been commenced on the ditches j
until the Ist of April, and the time for
turning the water on has varied from tho !
Ist of May to the middle of June. The
demand for water is so urgent that Mr. j
Moore has decided to wait no longer.
These ditches can supply but a limited
area, but they seem to be the only sal- |
vation of the farmers in the vicinity of
Woodland.
Robber Drops His Loot.
SAUSALITO, March 29.— The safe and
all the money stolen from the ticket of
fice of the North Pacific Coast Railroad
at this place have been recovered. Night
Watchman Johnson on tho morning of
the robbery chased a man up the railroad
track and the man dropped the box which
waa used as a safe by the acont of the
office. Johnson learned to-day that it was
the property of the railroad company.
A.bout 150 tickets are still missing.
Went to Reno to Wed.
WOODLAND, March 29.— Word has
been received that N. M. Weaver, ex-
Sheriff of this county, and Mrs. Adah
O'Farrell, both of this city, were mar
ried in Reno last Sunday. The marriage
could not be solemnized in California, as
Mr. Weaver was divorced from his for
mer wife only last December. They will
take up their residence in Williams, Co
lusa county.
Rates Not Yet Adjusted.
SAN JOSE. March 29.— The Trans
continental Freight Bureau was in Bes
elon at the Vendome to-day. East and
west bound tariffs were considered. No
information was given out, but it is pre
sumed no definite action was taken in
fixing rates. The bureau will meet again
to-morrow.
BRINGS NEWS
FROM COPPER
RIVER REGION
Return of the Valencia After a
Most Trying Voyage to New
Northern Gold Fields.
SEATTLE, March 29. —The steamer Valencia returned to Seattle
to-day from the mouth of the Copper River. The trip was a most
exciting one, and between rebellious passengers, who wanted to seize
the ship, and a terrible storm "in the North Pacific, the officers and crew
had a trying experience. The Valencia's troubles began shortly after
she left this port on March 6, with 590 passengers, the largest load
which ever left this or any other port for Copper River. The Va
lencia brings advices from Copper River up to March 24, which are
of an assuring nature. The prospects of the 2000 people, who went
to the Copper River country during- the past two months, are much Im
proved and a few have already reached the summit.
Mail Carrier Jackson returned on March 20 to Copper River from a
trip to the summit of the glacier. He tells the following story:
"Four men who went up on the schooner Bering Sea on her first trip
have reached timber on the other side of the glacier. John Murphy
and three others have nearly reached the timber line. Fifty men have
everything on the summit and are ready to start down the other slope.
The remainder of the crowd is scattered over the twenty miles of the
glacier, between salt water and the summit. There most of the trou
ble seems to be in packing wood, which has to be carried from the
timber line. Every one is working hard and making good progress. I ,'
Jackson makes the trip to the summit in one day. It is two and
a quarter miles from the edge of the glacier to the top of the third
bench, and seventeen and a half miles from this to the summit. The
first bench is but eighty feet in width, but the grade is very heavy.
The second bench is 225 feet wide, at about half as heavy a grade as
on the. first. The third and fourth benches are rolling. It is ten
miles down hill from the summit to the timber line. Then comes a
lake thirty miles long. The distance from the lake to the river is
twelve miles.
Jackson further said: "Fifty people have gone up the river over
the ice from Orca, but as the ice Is getting soft this route will not be
available very much longer. I went up to the first bench of the Valdes
glacier from the steamer. The men have fastened a snatch block at
the summit of the bench and got their goods up with very little trou
ble. They load their sleds, to which is fastened a long rope. This
they run through tne snatch block and five or six men get hold of the
other end. They run down the hill and the sled goes up like a flash."
RELIEF TRAINS
ARE STRANDED
Supplies for Dawson Yet
Stored Away at
Dyea.
Major Rucker at a Loss as to
How to Dispose of
Them.
Two Hundred of tha Reindeer Will
Be Sent Over the Dalton
Trail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 29.— Major L. H.
Rucker, U. S. A., returned to Seattle
to-day and proceeded to Fort Walla
Walla. He has been in Dyea for the
past month, whither he went with the
Government relief expedition that was
to carry food into the Klondike coun
try. In an interview Major Rucker
■ said:
"That abandoned relief expedition has
! caused me more trouble than a year
of regular army life. If is now pretty
well scattered. Five officers and twenty
men of the expedition, under command
of Captain Eldridge, are at Haines
Mission. They arrived there on March
24. In a few days they will start on
an exploring expedition with the idea
of finding a suitable ail-American
route to the mighty Yukon. The Sem
inole, with the Government reindeer
and Laplanders, was expected to reach
Haines Mission on last Monday. The
party that goes over the Dalton trail
will take 200 of the reindeer and a num
ber of the Laplanders.
••Captain Abercrombie, who Is to
head the party that will explore the
Copper River country for the War De
partment, is now at Portland, but will
go north this week with his party. The
Government pack train that went
north on the Lucille is still encamped
at Dyea. I don't know what will be
done with it. The bulk of the supplies
that were to be taken to Dawson is
ail at Dyea. It has not yet been de
cided what disposition will be made of
the supplies. The Dalton trail party
took its supplies out of those on the
relief expedition.
"Thousands of men are working he
roically to cross the Chilkoot and
White Pass trails. All who have the
proper grit will get over the pass by
the time the lakos and rivers open up.
Five acres at Sheep Camp are piled
up close with the outfits that have
been hauled up from Dyea.
"The outfits are simply piled on the
prow and left without any one to guard
them until the owner gets all his goods
to fihoep Camp. Nothing is ever stolen
rtn<l the packers never worry about
their goods. Some of the goods taken
up last winter are being dug out of the
snow.
"If a man does not want to haul his
outfit there are three ways by whicn he
can get it to the summit. There Is a
train run by electricity, a rope and
tackle arrangement and a gasoline en
gine method. By these means seventy
five tons a day are handled. There are
men, Indians and dogs on the trail in
Ke numbers. I know vory litt'e about
White Pass trail, but people are
ing over it in good shape."
PRIVATE BILLS CONSIDERED.
The House Refuses to Pay the Claim
of the Heirs of General
Lee's Widow.
WASHING! ON, March 29.— The House
to-day quietly proceeded with the order
of the day. the consideration of private
bills. No opportunity was afforded under
the rules of debating the all-absorbing
topic, but members stood abou^ the cloak
rooms and lobbies all day long, discussing
the situation. The most intense feeling
was manifested, ihe House, after pass
ing a bill to pension the widow of General
John L. Stevenson at the rate of $30 per
month, devoted the whole day to the
consideration of the bill to pay certain
claims for stores and supplies furnished
to the Union by loyal citizens oi the
South during the war. There was a bit
tor contest over a claim of $217,000 pre
ferred by the heirs of the widow of Gen
eral Robert E. Lee. She Inherited the
claim from Mrs. Fitzhugh, her aunt, who,
it was admitted, was loyal. The claim
was finally stricken out, but the House
took a recess before the bill was passed.
Mhe Senate resolution to extend for six
months the time fixed for opening the
agricultural lands 0.. the Uncompangre
Indian reservation was adopted.
At 5 o'clock the Houso took a recess un
til 8 o'clock, the evening session to bo de
voted to pension legislation.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
OFFICER AND
MANIAC FIGHT
Thrilling Encounter in
the Marin County
Prison.
Under Sheriff Subdues a Crazed
Prisoner After a Hard
Struggle.
Combat in si Cell Which the Imbecile
Had Flooded From the
Water Pipe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. March 29.— A thrill
ing encounter between Under Sheriff
John Hannon and a madman took
place in a flooded cell in the County
Jail this morning-. Splashing about in
a foot of water the two men fought for
supremacy, one almost naked and rav
ing like an enraged brute, the other
cool and determined. The battle lasted
fifteen minutes and the officer finally
conquered.
Nijrhtwatchman Miller found Joe
Pochello, formerly a blacksmith in San
Rafael, roaming about the streets at
midnight, shouting and acting in an in
sane manner. After a brief tussle he
placed the fellow in a cell in the Coun
ty Jail in the basement of the Court
house. Pchello, as the night grew
apace, became more violent and threw
himself against the great iron door and
beat the walls with his fists. lie
stripped the clothes from his back and
threw them about, shouting incoherent
sentences. Pulling the mattress in the
cell over to the iron door, he turned
the water on in the stationary basin in
the cell and allowed it to flood the cell,
the mattress keeping the water from
passing through the cracks under Ihe
door. The madman plunged about
the cell, now attempting to swim and
again throwing the water over every
thing.
When Under Sheriff Hannon arrived
at the jail this morning he heard the
racket and started to investigate. Peer
ing through iron bars, shaking the
door and shouting, the madman refused
to notice the officer, who called to him
to turn off the water. Seeing that des
perate measures must be resorted to,
Hannon unlocked the door and threw
it open. A flood of water rushed out
and soaked him up to the knees. Brush
ing- aside the madman Hannon at
tempted to turn off the water. Po
chello made a lunge fcrrward and at
tempted to drag the officer away. In
a moment the two came together in a
fierce conflict.
The insane prisoner attempted to
seize the Under Sheriff by the throat
and his long bare arms v/ound them
selves around Hannon's neck. "With a
mighty effort the Under Sheriff broke
away from the grasp of the maniac and
threw him headlong to the floor of the
cell. With this advantage the officer
turned the water off, and, getting a
hold on the madman, dragged him out
of the soaked cell and held him down
by the throat. Without releasing his
hold on the prisoner Hannon dragged
him over to the main entrance and led
him into one of the tanks.
No sooner was the prisoner released
than he began to tear around In his
new quarters, shouting, gesticulating
and pounding the bars and doors. All
day he has stood with the perspiration
streaming down his body and worked
away at the iron bars on the cell door.
HILL FOUND GUILTY
OF PARVIN'S DEATH.
VENTURA, March 20.— After having
been out four hours the jury in the Hill
murder case at 8 o'clock this evening re
turned a verdict of murder in the second
degree, recommending the defendant to
the mercy of the court. This ends one of
tho most Eensa.tional trials ever held in
this county, one which has daily attract
ed numbers of people from nil parts of
the county. Hill will be sentenced on
April i.
Robert Lee Hill killed Theodore R. Par
vln on tho Las Posas on February 8^ by
striking him on the head with a piece of
scantling. Tho men were neighbors and
had quarreled over land. Hill alleged self
defense, claiming that Parvin was the at
tacking party.
Clark in Murderers' Eow.
SAN QUENTTN PRISON, March ».—
George W. Clark, the murderer, arrived
at the penitentiary this morning, and af
ter being photographed was given a suit
of stripea and sent to Join the condemned
men in Murderers' Row. The data of
Clark's execution is set for June 3.
THRUSTS HIS
HEAD INTO
THE NOOSE
Frank Belew Admits
His Crime in
Court.
Changes His Plea From
"Not Guilty" to
"Guilty."
Dixon Murderer Throws Him
self Upon the Mercy
of the Law.
HIS ACTION VOLUNTARY.
Ready to Undergo Punishment for
the Killing of Brother and
Sister.
SUISUN, March 29.— When a rumor
gained circulation a week or so ago
that Frank Belew had decided to plead
guilty to the murder charge again6t
him, some doubt existed as to the sin
cerity of the accused man's intention.
A more changeable prisoner than Belew
never occupied a cell and no credence
whatever was placed in his statement
about withdrawing the plea of not
guilty entered at the arraignment In
February last.
But Belew is a peculiar man and he ■,
is as wavering in his resolutions as he
Is variable in temperament. This morn
ing he infor 1 the authorities that he
was ready to plead guilty and that he
had firmly made up his mind.
Belew was brought into the Superior
Court. When Belew was ordered to
stand up Judge Buckles said:
"Belew, you were arraigned here on
February 24 upon information charging
you with the crime of murder and your "•
plea that day was that you were no
guilty. I have now been informed tha
yuu "desire to withdraw that plea ant
that you are here for the purpose o
pleading guilty. There are some ques
tions 1 want to ask of you before you
plead.
'The crime with which you ar
charged, as I understand simply fron
the confession that I have hoard yo'
have made, is one that would merit th
extreme penalty of the law— that is
hanging. If you were tried and con
Victed by a jury the jury might say
that you be Imprisoned in the Stat
Prison for life, or the jury might sa>
that it is murder in the first degree
which would impel this court to pas
the death penalty upun you. I wish t
ask you whether any inducement has
been held out to you to plead guilty by |
any one?"
Belew, without the slightest hesita
tion, said:
"No, sir; there has not."
He added that he acted upon
his own suggestion. The court, ad
dressing Belew, said:
"I warn you that In plead
ing guilty you need expect np greater
leniency than though you were tried by
a jury- The jury's duty is to deter
mine your guilt, whether you.be hanged
or sent to prison, and the court has
the same duty. The crime is one of
the worst kinds of murder, if it is as
rumored, and as you have confessed.
What is your plea?"
Belew answered without the slight
est tremor in his voice or any visible
sign of nervousness:
"Guilty, and I ask the mercy of the
court."
The case was then continued to Tues
day, April T>. District Attorney Dev
lin will adduce testimony necessary to
establish the degree of the crime, and
Belew's attorney will probably call
witnesses in support of mitigating cir
cumstances.
The murder to which Belew pleaded
guilty was one of the most revolting in
the history of crimes in the United.
States. Susie and Lewis Belew, the vic
tims, were two of the most popular
young people in Dixon. On November
8 they died, after an illness of
less than twenty-four hours. There
were suspicions of foul play from the
first, and suspicion pointed to Frank
Belew, as was indicated by The Call
exclusively the day after the death of
the victims.
At the funeral Frank Belew was ap
parently one of the saddest of the
mourners. He was dressed in a suit of
solemn black, and he moved softly
among the mourners, as if he suffered
deeply. In spite of this fact there was
an almost unanimous feeling that he
had committed the deed.
On the night of November 7, while
professing friendship for those he mur
dered, Frank partook of supper with
them at their humble little cottage in
town. It was then that he poisoned
the teakettle, the waters of which were
used for making a stew and coffee the
next morning. Within a few hours
after breakfast Susie and Lewis were
taken deathly ill, as was Bruno Klein,
the livery hand, who boarded with
them. He was cole survivor of the
fiendish act.
The Call, convinced that Frank Be
lew was the guilty man, kept reporters
on the case from the outset, covering
the field for weeks after all others had
abandoned the case. The result of
this vigilance was the arrest of Belew
on the night of February 3, and his
subsequent confession. Full details of
the confession that led to the arrest
and of the arrest were printed in The
Call exclusively, making the greatest
newspaper heat of the character in the
history of San Francisco.
By working up the case and aiding in
the preliminary part of the work The
Call has thus saved the taxpayers of
Solano County many thousands of dol
lars, as the case was bo complete as to
render useless the delay and cost of a
long trial.
HIS HEAD CRUSHED
BY THE MACHINERY.
Foreman Johnson of the San Jose
Woolen-Mills Meets a Hor
rible Death.
SAN JOSE, March 29.-^John O. John
son, foreman of the San Jose "Woolen
Mills, met death in a shocking manner
to-day. A piece of machinery In the
spinning-room got out of order and while
engaged in repairing this he slipped and
fell. His head was caught between a rod
and a bolt and crushed. Blood rushed
from his ears and nostrils. Employes im
mediately dragged the body out of the
machinery, and physicians were sum
moned, but they were unable to do any
thing. He never regained consciousness
and expired a few hours later.
Johnson was about 60 years of age and
a native of Maine. He had been a resi
dent of this city for many years.
DIED.
HAIOHT— In Oakland, March 29, IKS, Anna
E., widow of the late H. H. Haight. aged 83
years.
(C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at
tend the funeral services- Thursday, March
31, at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 1201
Alice street, Oakland, Interment private.
AUSTIN NOT
A SUCCESS
AS MAYOR
Record of One ofßea's
Candidates at
San Jose.
Has Already Been Tried
and Found Wholly
Wanting.
Former Administration Noted
for High Taxes and Big
Deficits.
WANTS THE PLACE AGAIN.
Though ■ Commercial and Official
Failure, Ho la Faithful to
the Boss.
Special Dlsi-atch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— 1n the "gang"
and out of it, Paul P. Austin Is looked
upon as the king-pin of the People's
Municipal ticket, the aggregation of
candidates backed by Boss Rea and
his adherents. If any one has any
doubt of the feaity of Austin to Rea
let him but utter a word of dispraise
of Rea in the presence of Austin, or let
him be present when the boss is issuing
orders to Austin for execution in the
Board of Supervisors, of which Austin
is a member, or anywhere else. There
is no question in the mind oi" any one
familiar with the local political situa
tion for the last decade or more that a
vote for Austin is certainly a vote for
the "gang" of which Rea is the boss
as if that vote were cast direct for the
boss himself, or for Johnnie Mackenzie.
If anything were needed to confirm
this idea it is furnished in the columns
of the "gang" organ this morning. The
Mercury, with a pride all its own. sets
Austin on a high pedestal for the ad
miring inspection of the people whom it
ia seeking to delude in this campaign.
Its laudation finds vent in the follow
ing, which ig a portion of an editorial:
Mr. Austin is one of the people's candi
eatts for election to the Appointing
is...ard, a position oi paramount import
ance and responsibility under the new
charter. It will be the duty of the Ap
pointing Board to appoint the members of
the several city departments. During its
brief period of existence it will have not
only the present but largely the future
destinies of San Jose in its hands. The
lecessity, therefore, of electing to that
board only men of the highest ability and
Integrity, who can -<.■ absolutely depend
ed upon to be governed in their orlicial
actions by the most earnest regard for
the city's welfare, must be apparent to
every voter. Such a man is :vir. Austin,
who as Mayor looked after the interests
of the city with sagacity and fidelity.
All of this is only too true, with the
exception of the last sentence, which
! reads:
"Such a man is Mr. Austin, who, as
J Mayor, looked after the interests of the
! city with sagacity and fidelity."
The official records and acls of Mr.
l/'Austin and his commercial career in
! this city prove just the contrary. If
'"iily men of the highest business abil
| ity" should be selected as members of
the Appointing Board— and of this thevre
can be no doubt — then Mr. Austin is ab
solutely disqualified. Not only has his
1 commercial career here been a flagrant
| failure, but in the last three years he
i has succeeded in accumulating a judg
i ment indebtedness of more than $27,000,
! not a dollar of which has been satisfied,
! as shown by the records of the Superior
i Court. It is not likely that a man inca-
I pable of taking care of his own proper
ty will prove more capable of taking
care of what belongs to others or to the
city.
But Mr. Austin demonstrated his ut
ter unfitness for public affairs when he
! sat in the Mayor's chair of this city
j from 1894 to 1896, and was evidently dis
j posed to do anything rather than be
"governed in his olficial actions by the
most earnest regard for the city's wel
fare."
The records show that for the first
year of Mr. Austin's term as Mayor of
San Jose — that is, on January 1, IS95 —
there was a deficit in the city treasury,
j exclusive of new taxes collected, of
I $32,619 93, and that a year later this
I deficit had gro to $55,155 21.
But this was not the worst feature
of his administration. Ex-Mayor Aus
tin has the unenviable distinction of
| having caused, by his administration of
the city's affairs, the highest two tax
levies ever imposed on the people of
San Jose. Previous to his advent as
executive of this city the tax ra*e had
never exceeded $1 25 on the 5100, though
j before the "gang" got its fatal grasp
' on the municipality the rate had been
las low as 85 cents on the $100. Dur
| ing the first year of Austin's admtnis
j tration the rate had to be increased to
\ $1 40, and during the second year it was
i $1 35 on the $100, yet when Ausvin went
! out of office the annual deficit in the
city treasury had increased to the
enormous amount of $58,155 21. That
was a period of clover for the "gang"
! and its numerous parasites, while the
I taxpayers had to labor harder than ever
i to keep the public crib full for the tax
j eaters.
It would be an insult to the intelli-
I gence of the voters of San Jose to ask
j them if they thought a man with the
record that Austin has made for him
| self "looked after the interests of the
city with sagacity and fidelity." And
it is of this kind of material that the
favorite and presumably the strongest
candidate of the People's Municipal
ticket is constructed. The people of
San Jose can best answer if they can
afford to elect him and his colleagues
on the boss' ticket. As a commercial
factor Mr. Austin proved himself to
be void of business talent; as a Mayor
of the city of San Jose his adminis
tration was the most extravagant in
the city's history, as the result of either
gross incompetency or infidelity.
Escape from the rule of such men
as Austin, and others subservient to
boss and "gang" nomination, lies in
voting the New Charter Club ticket
straight from top to bottom.
Another large and enthusiastic meet
ing under the auspices of the New
Charter Club was held in the Fourth
Ward to-night at the corner of Pond
and Orchard streets. The speakers
! were S. E. Crosman, D. M. Burnett, J.
j M. Burnett, J. M. Allen, J. P. Jarman,
I C. L. Witten, Dr. McDougal and J. J.
| Southeimer. Boss rule and its evil ef-
I fects on the people and property of a
city were the subjects under discussion.
The audience was made to understand
how it alone could apply the remedy
for the extermination of the boss and
boodle pest. This remedy, it was ex
plained, lay in the election of the New
Charter Club ticket from Mayor to the
last member of the Appointing Board.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tabletß. All drug
gists rpfund the money if it fails to cure 25c
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CROSS CREEK
BANDITS ARE
SURROUNDED
Cliff Regan, Leader of
the Express-Train
Robbers,
Traced to a Rendezvous
in Merced County
Foothills.
Information Given by a Store
keeper of Whom They
Made Purchases.
OFFICERS SEND FOR AID.
Hava the Outlaws' Carriage end
Have Recovered Part of the
Stolen Coin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED", March 29.— Constable Tol
lack and Deputy Sheriff Ed Stockird
are on the track of two men in the
foothills in the vicinity of Indian Gulch
who are supposed to be members of
the gang that held up the Southern Pa
cific train at Cross Creek a few days
ago.
About 1 o'clock yesterday morning
two men drove into Indian Gulch in a |
carriage, with a single horse. One of j
them alighted and aroused the store- j
keeper of that place, saying he wished j
to make some purchases. The man who j
remained in the carriage was bare- i
headed. The one who went into the j
store was tall and slim and wore a ;
long overcoat. It was observed by j
the proprietor of the store that he kept I
his right hand in his overcoat pocket
all the time, using the left hand to ex- |
amine the goods and pay for them. His
purchases consisted mostly of canned j
goods and a hat, the latter article evi
dently being for the man in the car- j
riage. The purchases amounted to j
about $18 and were paid for in silver j
dollars, several of the coins being con
siderably disfigured, as though having
been struck with a hammer or dam
aged by an explosion.
The man then got into the carriage |
and the pair drove away. The actions i
of the two aroused the suspicions of j
the storekeeper and he notified the au- |
thorities as soon as he could get word
to them. The Sheriff's office of Mer
ced County was notified at about 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon and
Messrs. Stockird and Mack left Imme
diately for Indian Gulch.
To-day the Sheriff's office received a
message from Stockird, asking for help,
and Sheriff Warfield, Ed Hussey and ■
Elmer Pedlar, heavily armed, left for
the gulch. Stockird said they had the i
horse and carriage belonging to the j
two men, had the men located and sur- j
rounded and had secured some of the I
stolen coin.
Semorile, the storekeeper, was shown
a photograph of Cliff Regan, and iden
tlfied it as that of one of the men who
was at his store.* It is almost a cer- !
tainty that Regan led the train rob- ;
bers, and if so the officers have a crafty
and dangerous man to deal with.
This evening a special train arrived j
over the Southern Pacific from Fresno
with a posse headed by ex-Sheriff |
Meade, who at once left for the moun
tains.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Changes Among Artillery Officers
and Privates Owing to the Two
New Eeglments.
"WASHINGTON. March 29.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War, First Lieu
tenant Charles D. Palmer. Third Artil
lery, is transferred to the Sixth --rtillery,
and will report in person to the command
ing officer of that regiment at Fort Mc-
Henry, Md., for duty and for appoint
ment of quartermaster thereof.
Private David S. Mack, Company F,
Fifteenth Infantry, now on furlough at
Vancouver Barracks, Wash., la trans
ferred to Battery M, Third Artillery, and
will be sent to the station of that battery,
Fort Canby, Wash.
Pensions have been irranted as follows:
California: Original — Julius S. Bradshaw,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Wood
ford Miles, Acton, $6. Increase — Fred M.
Smith, Kern, $6 to $10. Original widows,
etc. — Susan Campbell, San Francisco, $S.
Oregon: Mexican War widows — Johanna
Houck, Ashland, $S.
Washington: Original— Alanson T. Ma
son, Kllensburg. $12. Additional— David
Glfford, Green Lake, $8 to $12.
Senator Perkins to-night presented the
following petitions: From the Chamber
of Commerce of San Francisco, favoring
the passage of the bill enlarging the pow
ers of the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion; from the Chambers of Commerce of
Sacramento and San Francisco, protest-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
rRARE^CHANCE!
One that does not daily come to
you. We are offering this week
lines at exceptionally, reduced fig-
ures. See this week's windows for !
these goods.
Banquet Lamps, hand painted
decorations; easily worked fixtures;
15 per cent off list.
Atomizers, Bohemian glass, some
o* them cut, dainty decorations; 25
per cent off list
Quaker Soap, good value, 3— loc
Toilet Sets, 12 pieces, $4 50, $5, $5 50.
Fishing tackle and fixtures now
In stock in large assortments.
Tailor-made suits, new clothes,
perfect fit, reasonable prices.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB«
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 600 to f 1 today
$5 to $8 -week. $8 to $30 month. Free ■ i baths:
hot and cold water every: room: fire grates la
I every room; elevator runs all nieht. . • -
Ing agaiist unfair competition of the
Canadian Pacific Railroad. ...
■ The meobers of the California delega
tion have all received telegrams from
Governor Budd and the State Board of
Health, askng the support of the Spooner
bill, providtig for a national quarantine.
Representative Barlow to-day introduced
a bill granting certain funds to tho city
°' T SST,,Sfof notified Rente,
sentative Barlow that a Pension has been
granted to Ifk Potts of Los Angeles.,
with back pay Amounting to several hun
dr a Coast patents were granted to-
Bresman. San Fran
cisco spring hee! for boots or shoes:
James J. Cousins,- San Francisco, floating
dock- George W. Douglass, assignor to
the Market-street Pailway Company San
Francisco, car fendr; George R. Evans,
San Francisco, metallic alloy; Vesper A.
Gleason, South Riverside, device for hold-
Ing shovels to cultivator shanks Phillip
I. Jacoby. San Francisco, packing box;
Axel Johnson. San Francisco, can solder
ing machine: John R. Parker. Oakland,
assignor to the Pacific Coast Dreflcing
Company, dredging apparatus; Charles F.
Phillips, Los Angeles, cork extractor
Arthur Rochat. Golden. Gate*, saucepan;
John P. Simmons. San Francisco rock
drill; Henry J. Weeks, Santa Barbara,
in^BKSS? John C. Corwln. Ta«,ma.
cargo trimmer; A. E. Lostrom Spokane,
stove-pipe coupling; John C. Orchard Ta
coma, embroidery holder; John O. Sharp
less, Fairhaven. shoe protector.
BEADY FOR THE DOG SHOW.
SAN JOSE, March 28.— A1l Is In readi
ness for the dog show which opens at
Turn Vereln Hall to-morrow. Hundreds
of thoroughbred dogs arrived to-day and
were placed in position, and when the ex
hibit opens the best aggregation of prize
canines ever exhibited on this coast wl>.
be seen. The entries have been unusually
large in all the classes, and competition
for honors will be keen. The show will
far exceed last year's event, which proved
such a success.
/TAKE
f A man whose hands tremble and
whose voice is weak and you will
find that he is but half a man as a
rule. His knees shake, too, and he
is but a weakling. He sees spots
before his eyes and has no confi-
dence in himself. . He has in some
way abused the privileges which are
his by right. And he possessed them
once. It is for cases of this sort that
"Hudyan" is given by the grand doc-
tors of the Hudson Institute. "Hud-
yan" brings to weak men full vitality
and grand manly vigor. From being
puny a man becomes full of fire and
big and great manhood. Is that not
worth the having? Why do you
want to continue as you are? Your
happiness is dependent on your
ability to enjoy life. Then why .not >
get back the vitality that has drained
away from you? Write and ask
what "Hudyan" has done for weak
and erring mortals. Testimonials
and circulars about it are quite free
to you, and so is best medical ad-
vice. There is blood taint in some
people when they are not aware of
it. Ulcers in the throat, pimples on
the body, copper-colored spots, the
falling out of hair, show it. "30-day
j blood cure" removes all the taint at
'■■ once. Circulars and testimonials of
it are free to you. Write to-day }
jIEEDL/
Hudson Medical Institute,
StocHonJarManiMsSts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
mfiIERDBKE
\ ? ;1 i^M^B * — * iff! s j^^-^B^^ 4 — j^^b
The Weekly Call
t
©/ It Publishes the Cream of flit
gj News of the Week and
5 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
01 ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
2 PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ /fining
°J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \^& up to data
oi Not a Line of It Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
L) it Dry or Uninteresting.
cJ. Britrht, Clean. ' A Champion oj
Thoughtful. Truth.
|l) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~\ ■ ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BT
HOME MAIL, 51.50
©{ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.RUSSIA
HAS HER
OWN WAY
Ceded Port Arthur and
Talien Wan by
China.
Representative of the
Czar Signs the Agree
ment at Peking.
One of the New Ports Will
Now B© Opened to the
World's Commerce.
MEANS IMPORTANT MARTS
River Regions of the Yellow Sea Will
Also Be Connected by the Trans-
Siberian Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING. March 29.— A- Pavloff. the
Russian Charge d' Affaires, when visit- !
ing the Tsung Li Yamen, Chinese For
eign Office, for the purpose of signing
the agreement arrived at between Rus
t-ia and China regarding the cession
of Port Arthur and Talien Wan. was
escorted by mounted Cossacks. A num
ber of Russians left Tientsin, accom
panied by a priest, to take part in the
ceremony of the taking over of Port ;
Arthur and Talien Wan.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 29.—
Official Messenger publishes a ciruclar
which has been telegraphed by Count
Muravieff, the Russian Minister for
Foreign Affairs, to the representatives
of Russia abroad. It is as follows:
By virtue of a convention signed at
Peking on March 27. Port Arthur and
the port of Talien Wan and the terri
tories adjacent have been ceded to Rus
sia in usufruct by China. You are re
quested to notify the Government
whereto you are accredited . adding
that the above-mentioned ports and j
territories will be immediately occupied
by Russian troops and that the Rus- |
sian flag will be hoisted by the side of
the Chinese flag, You may at the same
time inform the Foreign Minister that
the port of Taiien Wan will be open to
foreign trade, and that the largest
measure of hospitality will be extended
to the ships of all friendly nations.
An official communication issued to ■
the press adds: "The cessions are for ;
twenty-five years, but may be extend- I
ed later by common accord. Further, !
China has conceded the right of con
structing a railroad to connect the ports
with the trans- Siberian main line."
After statins that the arrangement |
is the direct and natural consequence I
of amicable relations between two j
neighboring states anxious to advance
the interests of their peoples, the offi- j
cial communication continues:
"While safeguarding the integrity :
.iiul sovereisrrrp of China and satisfy
ing the essential needs of Russia, the
arrangement injures the interests of
no foreign state. On the contrary, it
affords all nations the possibility of
entering in the near future into rela- j
tions with the river regions of the Yel
low Sea, hitherto closed to them. The
opening of Talien Wan to the mer- ,
chant ships of all nations will create
aAew and wide-awake market for ;
o'nmerce and industry, owing to the i
trans-Siberian line, which is henceforth \
destined to connect the extremities of i
two continents and the Old World. The
arrangement, therefore, is of high
historical value to Russia, and should
be hailed as a fortunate event by all j
those who have at heart the benefits
of peace and development of good re- ,
lations among nations."
LONDON, March 30.— The St. Peters- ■
burg correspondent of the Times says: j
The greatest indifference, amounting
almost to contempt, is shown here from |
any possible British protest against the j
Russo-Chinese agreement. The Novoe j
Vremya declares: England will never ;
go beyond a protest. Her predominance ;
in the Far East is gone forever and it i
will be worse for her if she fails to come
to a timely agreement with Russia, j
France and Germany.
MABEL LAMBERT
NOW MRS. TERRY
Romantic Marriage of an Oak
land Girl to the Well-
Known Actor-
Culmination of a Courtship That Be
gmn In California by a Quiet Wed
ding «t Pittsburg.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, March 29.— At noon to-day ;
John S. Terry, leading man with the :
Fanny Rice Company, now playing at the |
Duqueene Theater, .-ua city, was married
to Mi-ss Mabel Lambert of Oakland, Cal.,
by Rev. Dr. Grange, In the Church of the
Ascension, on Ellsworth avenue, East !
Knd. The ceremony marks the finish of j
quite a romantic love story, in which the !
hero and heroine are well content with j
the storybook ending of a happy mar- ;
rlage. The wooing was started in South- !
em California years ago, and continued |
until the bride's parents raised an objec- |
tion to her choice on account of Mr. |
Terry's profession and the lovers were j
Heparated for over five years, necessitat- I
ing as the bride aptly put it, "a court- j
ship of correspondence." The family ob
jections, however, were finaiiy overcome. |
The bride has traveled for four days over
the continent to reach Pittsburg and her j
but when she stepped off the train :
here at an early hour tills morning she
Showed not the slightest effect of her
lonely ride, and at the chancel rail looked !
a* fresh as one of tho flowers of her own |
State. The wedding was a very quiot \
one, aside ,r<,rn the contracting parties
being present but a few intimate
fri'iids of the groom. Mrs. Terry says
She Intends to make her vocal debut with
her husband next season.
PORTLAND LAD FALLS
BEFORE TRAIN WHEELS.
Only Son of a Widow Killed While
Attempting to Steal a
Bide.
PORTLAND. March 29.— -Lee Mount, a
Jlboy of 17 years, was run over by a freight
' train and killed to-day. His mother was
notified, and started for the scene, but
was compelled to return home before see-
Ing the mangled remains of her only, son.'
Lee left homo at-er dinner, and prom
ised nls mother he would go to school; but
instead walked to Saglnaw, a near-by
town, and tried to board a moving train
to ride home on . tho brakebeam.' His
jnother^is; a wi_dow.. : -- -■-->- ■_- : - '■-;■'■'_
SATED BY
THE NERVE
OF A GUARD
Valuables on a Santa
Fe Train Are Well
Protected.
Brave Charles N. Fowler
Puts a Crowd of Ban-
dits to Flight.
Jumps From the Express Car
and Begins Shooting, With
Telling Effect.
LEADER SHOT IN THE ARM
Train Robbers Commence Operations
by Firing on the Engineer and
Fireman at Grants Station.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— The j
! westbound Santa Fe overland was held j
•up at 12:30 o'clock this morning at i
; Grants Station, on the line of the old
Atlantic & Pacific road, in New Mexico.
The robbers secured nothing, and were ■
I put to flight, owing to the special guard j
'of Wells, Fargo & Co. in the express
car, Charles N. Fowler. His coura
geous conduct saved the express com
pany a large sum of money, according
to information received in this city by
; Superintendent Pridham of Wells, Far
go & Co.
The story of the attempted hold-up is
quite sensational. The train had
stopped at Grants, as usual, when the
• engineer and fireman were immediately
. upon by bandits, the fireman be
ing wounded and the engineer forced
from the cab. The conductor was at
: the station. Two of the robbers then
pulled the train slowly down from the
station about a thousand feet, while the
others cracked their firearms at pas
senger car windows and at the express
car, through which they made several
holes.
After this attempt to intimidate the
; express messengers and passengers
they stopped the train and prepared to
break into the express car. But they
had failed to reckon on the guard in
side — Special Agent Fowler. Fowler had
; kept quiet while the train was pulled j
, away from the station, but when it i
: came to a standstill he unlocked and j
! opened the door and jumped out, rifle
in hand, right among the bandits.
These worthies were so taken back
that before they could put a hole
through Fowler he had plugged one of j
them in the arm. The wounded man;
made a break for his horse and the
others followed. Fowler was unable to
hit any one of them, however, as they ,
warily dodged about in the half light,
i rendering his shots ineffective.
When Fowler winged him the wound- j
ed man exclaimed: "I'm shot; get me >
away from here; we can't finish this
Job to-night." He seemed to be the '.
leader, and when he quailed the others i
j made no further resistance. Fowler I
1 followed them as they ran, but they |
pot to their horses and whisked away
i before he could get in another effective i
i shot, the men being familiar with the
ground and consequently nimbler.
The nervy guard returned to the train
after a short chase and prepared him- i
i self to stay and join the hunt for the '
] men. As soon as possible officers were ,
wired for and before morning the coun
i try was being scoured on every hand.
| The men. Fowler says, are all Ameri
' cans and mounted on good horses. No
' damage was done to the train except i
to drill a few bullet holes into it, and i
no one was hurt but the fireman. The j
robbers did not get at the treasure in j
j the express car, and the train presently ;
: proceeded on its way to this city.
Charles Fowler has been in the em
; ploy of Wells. Fargo & Co. for many
years as a guard. He is a Texan by
birth and is a life-long frontiersman.
TWO FISHERMEN
SAVE SIX LIVES
Rescue of a Sailing Party In
a Gale Off Long
Beach.
Taken From Their Frail Craft Just
a Moment Before It Is
Capsized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— Two fisher
men to-day save-d the lives of six people
at the risk of their own. The brave men
are Ford Alvarez and John McGarvin,
and they reside at Long Beach, a point on
the coast seventeen miles from this city.
A party of six, including Captain Clyde
Simmons, Ray Julian, Rev. Mr. Knox and
Messrs. Wilson, Simmons and Stiles, left
Long Beach early this morning for a sail
in a boat which ordinarily was perfectly
safe. Shortly after they had left the
wharf and proceeded a short distance a
gale blew up from the east, which is
something unusual at this time of the
year, and it would have been utterly im
possible for the party in the sailboat to
have ever got to shore.
Fishermen Alvarez and McGarvin were
coming in with a load of lish in a row
boat. With great difficulty they suc
ceeded in taking all the party off the sail
boat and bringing them safely to sh»rn.
although compelled to sacrifice their load
of fish. A few moments after the res
cued persons had been taken off the sail
boat capsized, and at dark it was seen
about 1000 feet from shore with nothing In
sight but the mast and spars and with
sail on.
MURDER RESULTS FROM
AN ELECTION QUARREL
Two Citizens of Arizona Engage in a
Dispute and One Loses
His Life.
L/ORDSBURG, N. Mex., March 29.— At
Duncan, Ariz., this afternoon W. B.
Foster shot and killed A. B. A^llen. There
was a school election on Saturday at
which these men supported rival candi
dates Allen's ticket won, and his party
gave a dance to celebrate the result.
Foster's brother went to the dance, was
ejected and threatened to whip Allen.
They met to-day, when the quarrel was
renewed. W. B. Foster took a hand in
the Quarrel and killed Allen.
Allen was a prominent cattleman, well
known in both Territories. Foster is a
saloon-keeper. He has been arrested.
■ "THE RED FRONT,"' £57-559 Market
I , Btreet v »ejfci "STANDAXID" shirty 2^l-1
TIIE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
THROWS ACID
AT HIS EYES
Woman Tries to Blind
E. F. Robinson of
San Jose.
He Saves His Sight, but His
Face Will Be Marked
for Life.
Outcome of an Attempt to Obtain
Possession of Leased
Apartments.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, March 29.— Mme. Louise,
who came here from San Francisco
several months ago, and opened mani
cure and dressmaking parlors in the
Lick House, threw muriatic acid into
the face of E. F. Robinson this morn
ing. Luckily Robinson warded off the
stuff with his hands, otherwise he would
have been blinded. Some of the acid
struck his forehead, and his hands and
wrists were badly burned. He will
probably be marked for life.
Robinson, who Is foreman of Mor
row's ranch near Mount Hamilton,
bought a lease of the rooms occupied
by Mme. Louise about the time she
moved in. She paid ass deposit, and
has paid no rent for two months. She
refused to move out, and Robinson
offered to give a receipt for two
months' rent and $30 if she would va
cate the rooms. The money had already
been paid into an attorney's hands for
her.
This morning Robinson went to see
her. Without a word of warning Mme.
Louise picked up a glass of muriatic
acid and threw it at him.
She was arrested and her examination
wa set for Friday. In default of $3000
bail she was locked up in the Co-unty
Jail.
CAMP GROUNDS
AT SANTA CRUZ
De Lavega Park Tract to Be
Tendered to the State
and Nation.
Would Form tha Site for Encamp
ments oT Regulars and
Militia.
XlI Dispatch to The Call.
XTA CRUZ, March 29.— Since the
rior Court of the city and county
in Francisco has rendered Judg
. confirming the title of the city
and county of Santa Cruz to De La
veaga Heights, the people have been
quite anxious to know just what steps
the city officials would take in regard
to this beautiful tract. It came into
the possession of Santa Cruz thro.itrh
the generosity of Jose de Laveaga, who
! bequeathed to the city 568 acres of
i land. Mayor H. H. Clark has issued
I a letter in which he says:
"In order that all may know my
views, I will here state it is my pur
pose to take such steps as may be ne
cessary to tender to the State of Cali
fornia and to the United States Gov
ernment the free use of so much of said
property as may be needed for a
camp and drill ground, and target
range, upon such terms and conditions
by legislative enactment by the State
Legislature as will secure the annual
encampment of both State and regular
i troops stationed on the coast."
He says that when once the State
! accepts this as its camp and drill
j ground all the military organizations
will by law be required to hold their
encampments at this place. He con
| eludes by saying:
"Suitable portions of the ground will
be improved for park purposes and
public picnic grounds, and also for such
athletic sports as may be deemed de
sirable."
This park will be an ideal one for a
camp ground. It is only a mile and
a half from the city. It is on an em
inence overlooking Santa Cruz and
Monterey Bay, with a broad sweep of
table land, which would be just the
spot for the camp and drill ground.
There are a number of canyons which
could be utilized for the target ranges,
while if a sham battle were on the
programme the grounds and vicinity
are admirable.
MOREHOUSE AFTER
WHITE'S PLACE
San Josean Aspires to a. Sea
in the United States
Senate.
Out of th« Raoe for Governor and.
Believes Ho "Will Win Higher
Honors.
Special Dispatch to The CaS.
SAN JOSE. March 29.— State Senator H.
V. Morc*house has announced himself as a
candidate for the United States Senate
to succeed Hon. Stephen M. White. In
speaking to The Call representative to
day Mr. Morehouse said he had aban
doned the fight for Governor, for which
he declared himself some time ago, and
henceforth would work for Senatorial
honors. He represents the Thirty-first
District in the State Senate. He claims
his boom is well developed, and that he
has been assured by eight of twelve hold
over Senators that he is their choice.
"Wtih this nucleus he considers his
chances of election bright.
He said the fight was easier to make for
Senator than for Governor, while there
was more, both as regards honor and In
a financial way, in the former office. He
was looking for loftier honors than those
within the gift of the State, and he pro
posed to attain thorn, 110 had risen to his
present position in life through his own
effort, and, being a thorough American,
with that characteristic energy, he be
lieved the office of United States Senator
was within his reach.
Senator Morehouse said his principal op
ponents for the office would be Senator
Bulla, Harry T. Gage of Los Angeles and
Ulysses S. Grant of San Diego, and with
these in the field he thought he would be
a winner.
Weds to Shield a Woman.
WOODLAND, March 29.— Ed Levingood
of Winters procured a license to-day to
marry a woman with whom he has been
living, and who has been supposed to be
his wife. The significance in this lies in
the fact that the woman, whose real
name is Josephine Jennings, is under ar
rest on a charge of arson. Levingood de-
CRAWFORD ON
MR. ISAACS
An Interesting Talk on
India and Mys
ticism.
The Novelist Says the Great
Conjurers Are Simply
Hypnotists.
Tells How a Chain of Accidents
Made Him a Nov
elist
F. Marion Crawford, the distinguished
novelist, lectured at the California last
night on "Mr. Isaacs' Newspaper Ex
periences In India," the address being
j largely autobiographical.
Though there was a great deal that
'■ dealt with the personal experiences of the
! novelist at an early period of his career,
ihe dwelt considerably on mysticism ia
i India.
At the outset of his lecture the speaker
: said: "A series of accidents, a concaten
\ atlon of small circumstances extending
' over a period of twelve years, made it
j possible for me to be here to-night. In the
first place I was educated in a detached
way abroad, and, owing to the fact that
I bought a Sanskrit grammar when I was
but 16 years of age, I got the notion of
< going to India, and it was there that I
met the original of Mr. Isaacs, who was
a Mr Jacobs. While dining with an old
uncle in New York some years after this
' he put into my head the notion of writ
ing my first book."
A large part of the lecture dealt in the
tricks of the mystics. The speaker told
of how conjurers make mango trees grow
' from seeds to a good size in a few min
i utes, of how jugglers cut boys to pieces
iin the air. and gave the details of the
i great trick whereby the juggler seems to
throw a rope into the air and disappear
: on it into the sky. He had witnessed some
of the more wonderful tricks himself and
had no doubt that the conjurers con-
I vinced reputable witnesses of all the
! other tricks claimed. The speaker ac
counted for the performance of all the
tricks by attributing them to hypnotism.
LATEST THING IN FIRES.
A Burning Coal Wagon Driven to an
Engine-House to Be Saved
From Destruction.
Pedestrians along the crowded thor
oughfares yesterday afternoon were star
tled by seeing a blazing coal wagon,
drawn by two galloping horses, dodge in
I and out among ears and wagons on a mart
race for assistance. Following the fast
moving vehicle were a lot of yelling
newsboys, who added to the excitement
by their clamor.
Turning into Kearny street, the horses
were lashed to a greater speed, while
the smoke poured from the burning coal
leaving a trail in its wake like the tail
jof a comet. Turning up Bush street, the
wagon was brought to a sudden stop be
fore the engine house. Although surprised
at having a fire brought to their doors,
the firemen Quickly attached a hose to a
hydrant and had a Btreana pouring into
the burning coal. It was fortunate that
Chief Sullivan and Assistant Chief Wells
! were at home when the incident occurred,
as it was due to their efforts that its con
tents were not consumed. Standing at
points of vantage both directed the play
ing of the stream into vital spots and
, soon had the Maze under control.
After the danger had been averted, the
j driver drew a few breaths of reiref and
j said that some cart-less person had
thrown the butt end of a cigar among the
I coal and coke, setting it on tire.
SOCIETY CIRCUS
FOR THE FETE
"Olympic Day" at the Masonic
Festival Is to Be
Unique.
Ladies Are Becoming Interested A
Postoffico Eooth—Meet
ings.
Howard P. Taylor Jr., leader of the
Olympic Club, visited the Masonic xemplu
yesterday and definitely arranged a plan
of action that will make Olympic day at
the festival a unique one. What he pro
poses to do he calls a "society circus."
It will include boxing, wrestling, fencing,
bareback riding with troops of horses
caparisoned in all the variety and splen
dor of colors emblematic of Masonry.
Definite arrangements are now oeing
made, so that all visitors may be enabled
to enjoy this "society circus" seated.
Grand Master Thomas Flint Jr. called
on Chairman - atton of the festival com
mittee to tell him that all Masons were
interested in the success of tho festival,
because the matter had been seriously
considered by the entire jurisdiction be
fore it was concluded to complete the
Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto.
The ladies of Unity Chapter, Oakland,
have planned an ice-cream booth, and
they are to have a realistic one in which
electricity will play an important part.
The ladies of Live Oak Lodge, Oakland,
will meet shortly and confer with Airs!
Frank Ogden as to the best plan uf pro
cedure to bring Live Oak Lodge, t* the
front.
One of tiie most Interesting booths will
be conducted by the daughters of L>r.
Voorsanger and Miss Aimee Cellarius. It i
is the I'ostortice boon*. It is planned to
dress all the young ladies so that a postal
effect may be secured. As many as twen
ty-four of these young ladies will go
about the fair collecting and distribut
ing letters at 25 cents each.
The committee on cash donations will !
meet at the grand secretary s oniee in
the Temple to-morrow at 3 o'clock; Lipp- i
man Sachs chairman and Edward New
hall vice-chairman. This is a very im- I
portant committee, ac it consists of such
representative men as John D. Spreckels,
Timothy Hopkins, M. H. de Young, W.
w. Montague, Charles E. Green, Colonel
Isaac Trumbo, ±£d voleman, S. W. Levy,
F. W. Van Sicklen, S. W. Rosenstock
and John K. Merrill.
The ladies of Fidelity Lodge will meet
at the Temple on Thursday afternoon at
it o'clock.
A call has been issued by past masters
of the lodge, who believe that i^e wives
of Mcosons should interest themselves in
making the festival a success.
Boys Missing From Home.
George Whiting, a 10-year-old boy living
at 1765 Fifteenth street, is missing from
home, and his moLher thinks he has run
away with Roy Carrigan, a boy of 15,
with whom he was seen last. Both boys
are light complexioned, have blue eyes
and light hair. Whiting wore a black
jacket, light blue knee pants and a black
cap. Carrigan had a black coat and vest,
blue long trousers and black slouch hat.
The boys were seen last on Sunday at 4
o'clock. At that time they wore on their
way to the ferry, and it is believed they
have gone to Stockton.
CASTOR i A
For Infants and Children.
Thsfn- _yy :. ' ' ■ ■ _^ .
THE VALENCIA CAUGHT IN A HURRICANE.
On her way from San Francisco to Prince William Sound the steamer suffered considerably. Her deck
load of horses was washed overboard and some of her upper works were damaged. The long passage was
caused by the fact that the steamer could not land her passengers on accounnt of the ice at Orca station.
LOST HER DECK
LOAD OF HORSES
Thirty Animals Swept
Overboard From the
Valencia.
The Overdue Steamer Put Into
Seattle on Her Way Here
Yesterday.
Narrow Escape From Death of Mate
Olsen of the Stoam Schooner
Newsboy.
The Pacific Steam "Whaling Com
pany's steamer Valencia has finally
1 reached Seattle after a very rough trip
!to Copper River. She was to have
; sailed from here on her return voyage
five days ago, but owing to a series of
, misfortunes she will not reach this port
! until next Friday. On the way up to
I Orca Station she was caught in a ter
■ rifle storm and thirty horses were
i washed from the deck and drowned.
I The steamer behaved nobly, and in
'■ spite of the fact that waves broke over
! her continuously, she weathered a hur
ricane with the loss only of the animals
on deck and some of her ginger-bread
work. On her arrival in Prince Wil
liams Sound it was found, as predicted
I in The Call, that the ice had not all
! disappeared. It was, therefore, impos
j sible to get near the landing, so Cap
j tain Lord had to make the best of a
bad position and await the disappear
ance of the ice floe.
The news of the arrival of the Valen
cia at Seattle reached the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company yesterday and set
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
f) DrSANDEN'7
Vw ELECTRIC BELT fQ
Thousands of Home Cures Prove the Value of
This Grand Remedy!
DR SANDEN'S METHOD OF MAKING USE OF THE LIFE-GIVING POWER OF ELECTRICITY HAS
proven its merit. The men who say it cured them of general debility, of wasting weakness: the men who
have become strong and vigorous by following Dr. Sanden's advice, are the best evidence of the worth of his
•system There are thousands of them, and they speak aloud in praise of Dr. Sanden and his noble work. His
work is noble, it is grand, because It lifts men from despondency, it gives them hope, ambition, strength of
mind and body, makes them love life for the pleasure of living. No work is nobler than the good act done to
your fellow man, the act which enables him to be a good, true man.
DR. SANDEN HAS 5000 TESTIMONIALS.
He has 5000 letters from men in this State who have been reclaimed from the slow, dragging existence
caused by the loss of nervous and vital strength. He will give $1000 to any man who will prove one of these tes-
timonials false. They are from grateful men— men" who are not afraid to let the world know that they were
once weak and are now men in the highest sense. Read this grateful letter:
"I have used your Electric Belt for loss of strength and pains In my back for one month, and It has cured me. It is a boon to
t, ,r.on T aDDreclate it because I had spent over 1100 doctoring without benefit, and I was so bad that I didn't care whether I
lived ™ not. Your Belt 'ought to be used by every man in that condition. I will always recommend it." writes C. W. SPARL.IN.
403 Twentieth street, Oakland, Cal., March 17, IS9S.
DR. SANDEN'S BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
This book is full of grand truths for weak men. It tells how Electricity supplies the strength to the
weakened organs expands all the forces of the human machinery, which is only a machine anyway, and how,
by giving the body the energy to keep up a regular action of all its parts, it cures weakness and disease. This
book is very interesting. It is free, sealed, on application. Ask for it to-day. Call if possible and test the
power of Dr. Sanden's Belt free, and see whether it will not help you. * .. — ___ — _ _ .^
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 632 MA « K^^&sco. f|§iglK
: NOTE-Make no mistake In ■ the number-632 MARKET STREET -■ . to generate a J current of
• Ofnrehours— B a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. ; Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 204% . Electricity.
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington St.; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteentu St.; Dallas. I - --■ ... . ■ .-.
. Tex.. 28a Main st. , • - ;• . - ■';.-; ':v { :>'. ; , ■..--■. ._[:-, : ..' ; ;- • . ■. . ■ : .•--- - ■• ,^ :
at rest whatever little uneasiness there
was In regard to the safety of the ship.
She took away from here over 600 pas
sengers, and all their friends and rela
tives were naturally eager to receive
some information as to the where
abouts of the ship. Taking all these
facts into consideration, Captain Lord
decided to put into the Puget Sound
port and telegraph his owners, and at
the same time renew his supply of coal
and provisions. The Valencia will reach
here Sunday night or Monday morning,
and as nearly all the passenger accom
modation on her has been secured she
will receive quick dispatch.
The building up of the barkentine
Jane A. Falkinburg bids fair to be one
of the best jobs that have been done on
the water front in many a day. The
vessel's hull, after a thorough inspec
tion, was found to- be as sound as a dol
lar, and the deck house now being put
on her will be, when completed, as solid
as the ship herself. The vessel was in
spected and passed yesterday and Cap
tain Metcalf of Lloyd's says that the
work being done on her is one of the
best jobs he has ever seen. George
Ross', the shipwright's, instructions
were: "Ross, build that vessel up so
that after she has gone to sea, no one
will be able to find fault with her." The
instructions are being carried out to the
letter. Yesterday the original main
cavil bits of the Falkinburg were cut
off at the deck, and after an examina
tion Captain Hatfield, late of the Brit
ish ship Lancing, pronounced them as
sound as the day they were put in.
When old Captain Falkinburg was hav
ing the bark built he went back East
and superintended the job himself.
Every timber that went into her he se
lected himself and the result of his se
lection is shown in the remarkable state
of preservation in which the vessel is
to- day.
In order to make a good job of the
Falkinburg's deckhouse the stanchions
have been sealed with 2V&xl2 timbers and
eyebolted through the main rail. The
construction has also been belted
through the main rail, which gives a
bearing on the original timber head,
and prevents any working between the
present construction and the original.
Passenger accommodation on the bark
entine will thus be practically in a box
and independent of the hull of the ship.
The Falkinburg is to carry about 160
gold hunters from here to Kotzebue
Sound.
L. E. Olsen, late of the steamer New
sboy. had a very narrow escape from
death last Monday night. While going
on board he missed his footing and fell
between the steamer and the wharf. In
his fall he struck a piece of scantling
and received a very severe scalp
wound. Luckily he was not rendered
unconscious and was hauled out of the
water before he received any further
injuries. He was taken to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, where his wound 9
were dressed by Dr. Diggins.
The tug Tiger, now being eot ready
for the trade between St. Michael and
the mouth of the. Yukon, was taken pos
session of by the United States Marshal
yesterday on a claim of $232 26, pre
ferred by Michael Aamadt. The Tiger
has lately been purchased by theDepuy
Company of Chicago, but this debt was
incurred a year ago, when the tug was
at Tort Harford.
The bark Roderick Dhu is making a
long voyage from Hilo, H. I. She is
now out twenty-flve days, and left
eight days before the brig Geneva,
which arrived yesterday. The Geneva
came from Tahiti and stopped at Hilo
for a load of sugar.
The steamer Peru arrived from Hong
kong via Yokohama yesterday with
thirteen cabin and seven European,
seventy-one Japanese and 100 Chinese
steerage passengers. Everybody in the
steerage was landed at the Angel Isl
and quarantine station and the steamer
was then allowed to dock.
There was more trouble on the tramp
steamer Amarapoora while the Peru
was at Yokohama. When she left here
last year to load lumber at Puget Sound
for China it was known that she would
be libeled as soon as she reached Ta
coma. After considerable trouble Cap
tain Cameron straightened matters out
and got her away, but during the run
to China she had to put into Yokohama
in distress. The Japanese Government
would not allow her to go to sea again
until her cargo was discharged and she
•was thoroughly repaired. While the
Peru was on her way to Yokohama
Henry Archer, a fireman on the Amar
apoora, was arrested for assaulting
Chief Engineer P. Flannigan. Both men
joined the vessel and are staying by
her in order to get their pay. Flanni
gan reprimanded the fireman, and the
latter struck him, nearly knocking the
engineer overboard. Archer then start
ed in to run amuck, but was arrested
before he did any damage. The court
let him off with a warning.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis 1 Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
The public buildings of England are
valued at £240.000,000.
56
WEDNESDAY ....-• MARCH 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ■■■----■
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St«- S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS *fT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL On« yar. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE •■ 906 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
ORANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- *£»' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, op«n until 9 o'clock* £518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PoM( street, open
until 9*20 o'clock, NW. comer Twenty-second end
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- ' : - '
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin-"— Gay Deoelvex."
Colombia "A Naval Cade*"
California — Lecture by 81.B 1 . Marlon Crawford, «_• afternoon.
Alo&sar — "The Mummy."
Morosoo*B— Nights Is a Barroom."
Tlvoll— > The Widow O'Brien."
Vaudeville.
The Chutes— The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Emporium— Delorme's Sunlight Picture, "interieur da
Ferine. ' ■-•"- :
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Inglealde Track— Races to-day. "
AUCTION SALES..
By P. J. Barth— day, March JO, Furniture, at ItO6H
Golden Gate avenue, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— day, March 80, Horses, at 837 Sixth
street, at 11 o'clock.
By G. H. Urn been— Monday, April 4, Real Estate, at M Mont-
gomery street, at 12 o'clock.
THE COMICAL BRYANITES.
THE efforts of the Bryan Democrat* to keep
themselves in evidence are always comical and
often interesting. During the past year they
have introduced into the various State Legislatures
in which the Almighty in his inscrutable wisdom has
granted them the privilege of sittir j bills for the pur
pose of forcing the 16 to i policy down the throats
of the unhappy people whom they claim to represent.
A late measure of this character has been passed by
one branch of the Kentucky Legislature. This bill
makes contracts payable in gold illegal and declares
that Kentuckians shall at all times take gold, silver
and currency in payment of their debts on equal
terms.
Of course this is all nonsense. The State of Ken
tucky has no power to coin or emit money, nor can
it restrict the right of the people to make money con
tracts payable in gold or any other commodity. All it
can do is to show to the world that upon the subject
of finance it is utterly devoid of sense, and this one
of its Houses, at least, has succeeded in doing.
A similar attempt to control the monetary policy
of a State was made in Washington a year ago. The
Legislature of that commonwealth passed an anti
gold contract law, which enacted that all debts should
be payable in lawful money or currency without re
gard to the contract between the parties. The Bryan
ites have introduced bills of like import into the
Legislatures of Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Mis
souri and Tennessee, but none of them were enacted.
In Tennessee the Assembly passed the bill, in this
respect setting an example for Kentucky.
Outside of any influence which the Bryan pro
gramme has upon the reputation for sanity of a State
Legislature, it reflects heavily upon the credit of the
people. The 16 to i legislation is designed to cheat
creditors and openly flouts the National Government.
It is an attempt by the mannikins of a State to defy
the laws of Congress, and it partakes of the same
character as the nullification acts of South Carolina
which aroused the anger of Andrew Jackson.
But the Bryanites are dead, nevertheless. They
may think their blood still circulates, but they are
mistaken.
INCREASED APPROPRIATIONS.
AMENDMENTS to the sundry civil appropria
tion bill agreed upon by the Senate Commit
tee on Appropriations are in many ways fav
orable to California and afford evidence* of the ex
cellent work done by our delegation in Congress in
advancing the internal improvement of the State. If
the amendments arc adopted by the Senate and ac
cepted by the House the bill will be much more ad
vantageous to us than in its original form.
All the appropriations made for California in the
original bill are retained. The fight against San
Pedro failed in the Senate committee as it failed in
the House, and the prospects are that this long
struggle for a much needed improvement has now
oeen decisively won. There is, however, one more
chance for the monopoly to win. It has some strong
supporters and faithful servants in the Senate, and
not until the final vote on the bill has been taken can
we rejoice in the assurance of a completed victory.
There will be a good deal of gratification over the
appropriation of $250,000 for the improvement of the
rivers, to carry out the act of 1896 for the erection of
restraining dams. This amount, taken in connection
with that made by the State, gives for river improve
ment the sum of $500,000, and under judicious man
agement a vast benefit can be accomplished for the
State by its expenditure. It is of course not sufficient
to defray the cost of all the work required, but it is
reasonable to assume that the results achieved by it
will be sufficient to demonstrate the value of such im
provements and thereby incline Congress to make
further appropriations hereafter to complete the work
and keep the rivers in good order.
There are several other amendments recommended
by the committee of less note, but of considerable in
terest to the State. Among these are appropriations
for Yosemite and Sequoia parks, for repairs or im
provements on national buildings in this and other
cities, and for Hfchtships and light stations along the
coast. The bill is in every respect a more liberal
measure than that adopted by the House, and for
once at any rate the Senate has proven its usefulness
as a check on the lower branch of Congress. It has
prevented in this instance a seeming economy in the
work of internal improvement which would have
proved in the long run a wasteful and foolish policy.
Sullivan's charge that Corbett and Fitzsimmons
have done much to injure prize-fighting can hardly
be denied. Sullivan himself was the noblest exponent
of the noble art. Corbett licked him, Fitzsimmons
licked Corbett, and the world is looking for some
body to lick Fitzsimmons. It wants prize-fighting
Iniiired tome morfe _
THE COUNTRY'S DEMAND.
THERE could be no merit in an attempt to
evade the fact that the message of President
McKinley to Congress was a distinct disap
pointment to the people of this country. They had
been led to expect, not that their chief executive
would breathe the spirit of war, but that at least the
stand to be taken by him would be dignified, abso
lute, final, rather than a bid for peace. It had not
been anticipated that he would make a mere state
ment of the findings of the Maine board of inquiry
and leave to Spain to determine as to their accep
tance. That such are the present conditions friends
of the administration must, however reluctantly, ad
mit, while enemies proclaim it, and* in far away
Madrid there is rejoicing undisguised. The Dons
in their conceit believe a victory to have been won,
that their idle boasts of ability to subdue the United
States have had effect, and that their right to sneer
at the "Yankee"' is more firmly established than ever.
But it must be remembered that the President has
more at stake than any other individual. Upon his
action now must rest not alone his hopes of future
preferment, but his place in history. It is not rea
sonable to suppose that he has taken a step without
th« m6st mature deliberation. It is possible he has
information yet withheld from th« public, that feel
ing wax to be inevitable he desires to throw the bur
den of its declaration upon Spain, so that with the
coming of the crisis that decayed and reeking mon
archy shall not have even the moral support of any
other nation. Therefore It is ill to be hasty in pro
nouncing a verdict A day or a season may supply
the most complete vindication.
Whatever the future may bring forth, the present
feeling of discontent is natural and in no measure to
be regretted. It is an expression of patriotism. There
were insults to be resented, murder to be avenged,
and the eager citizens got a note saying the matter
had been referred to the people guilty of the insult
and the murder, that adjudication had been left to the
sense of justice and to the honor of these people. It
struck them as being a mockery, and they were un
able to pierce the veil discerning the wise statesman
ship behind. They entertain the notion that Spain
has no sense of justice; they read history and know
that Spain is without honor, that she has stained
its pages with the record of perfidy, and the record
is written in blood.
Weeks ago the Maine, laden with gallant men, was
sent by an act of treachery most dire and unprece
dented to a grave in the harbor of Havana. Certain
as was the feeling that these men had been assassi
nated, no hurried conclusions were reached. The
first impulse to smite the miscreants with all the im
placable wrath embodied in Mosaic law gave way to
calmer thought. Inquiry was begun. We were told
to wait. We have waited. The inquiry has estab
lished everything that had been suspected. It has
shown that the Maine, in port on a friendly mission,
was deliberately blown up, md that the Spanish Gov
ernment is responsible there can be no question. Still
we do not hear an unequivocal demand for such re
paration as is in the power of that Government. We
do not observe it ordered, as it deserves to be, to re
move its hateful presence from the Western Hemis
phere, where it is an affliction and a blight. We are
still told to wait. Wait until when? Wait for what?
Until Spain shall get ready to reply that the findings
of our court of inquiry were fallacious. This coun
try will submit neither to the delay nor the inevitable
impertinence with which Spain has been invited to
crown it. There is nothing to leave to arbitration,
nothing over which to quibble. Either the United
States must exact retribution, naming its own terms,
or stand disgraced among the nations of the earth.
There is no desire to possess Cuba. The wrongs of
that island would have gone unredressed and unre
strained had it not been for the crime against the
Maine. It was for this that the spirit of war swept
across the land. It was for this that Congress made a
vast appropriation and sent abroad to purchase ships
full panoplied for battle. And now that the climax
has come there is an effort to pass it over as an in
cident This the people will never abide. There are
already mutterings which must warn the adminis
tration that whatever may be its ultimate policy it
must soon be revealed. They will never be content
to have the Maine forgotten while the Spanish flag
still flies above the spot where the bones of that noble
craft lie bleaching, and in graves which do not shield
them from the gibes of the populace its seamen find
rest on a foreign shore. Whether or not Spain pay
a money indemnity matters nothing. This is not the
place of poverty. We do not think that gold is a
balm for hurts. The injury has been too monstrous
for settlement on a cash basis. It is for this that Amer
ica demands that Spain take her trumpery of con
quest, her banners and her guns and go back to the
domain where once she was glorious. Her career
on the Western Hemisphere is close to an ending.
With the point of the oppressor's sword she has
carved her own fate.
Assuredly in the matter of precedents President
McKinley need have been at no loss nor have turned
to the time of Buchanan. Monday morning was
cited in this paper a message from President Pierce
provoked by acts infinitely less outrageous than the
affair of the Maine, yet calling upon Congress to do
what lay in its power to check aggressions and prom
ising to make quick use of any authority conferred
upon the executive. As long ago as 1803 Thomas
Jefferson laid before Congress a message detailing
the depredations of a ship belonging to the Emperor
of Morocco. It was not accompanied by information
that the matter had been left to that Emperor, nor
did it intimate that his personal opinion was of
value. On the contrary it closed thus: "In the mean
time it is for Congress to consider the provisional
authorities which may be necessary to restrain the
depredations of this power should they be con
tinued."
In 1805 the same President rounded out a message
relative to the hostile acts of Spain as follows: "But
the course to be pursued will require the command
of means which it belongs to Congress exclusively
to yield or to deny. To them I communicate every
fact material for their information and the doc
uments enabling them to judge for themselves. To
their wisdom, then, I look for the course I am to
pursue, and will pursue with sincere zeal that which
they shall approve."
There are other precedents established by Jeffer
son, and still more by Madison, but there seems no
precedent for the injunction, "Wait." Yet it must
not be understood that the popular attitude is for
war. It is for honor. If this great Union made up
of States almost any one of which has material re
sources sufficient to enable it unaided to vanquish
Spain cannot present a front bold enough to intimi
date that fading monarchy into withdrawal and de
cent behavior, force her to profess contrition and be
take herself hence, then war is essential and delay can
only add to its length, its cost and its terror.
In a country where the law against murder is prop
erly enforced the slayer of Charles Gates of Oakland
would be burled in quicklime in less than thirty days.
THE SA"NT FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
THE QUARANTINE TROUBLES.
THE Federal Government, at much expense, has
established a quarantine station in this port.
It is for the facilitating of commerce and travel.
Instead of lying for weeks in the stream, as under the
old system of State quarantine, passengers can be
fumigated and landed. The cargo can be disinfected,
the ship subjected to germicides and docked for her
return voyage. It is a change thoroughly appreciated
by the mercantile and traveling community, and its
full benefits should be theirs.
The State authorities have made some attempts at
contesting the free pratique given by the Federal
authorities, but the very necessary and very positive
orders of the Secretary of the Treasury have put an
end to this. No sooner was this phase passed than
there has appeared a conflict among the Federal offi
cers themselves. A ship entering the port is first in
charge of the quarantine officer. The customs author
ities have to board her, but their authority is subordi
nate to the quarantine officer's until he gives her free
pratique, when his authority ceases entirely and the
customs officers are paramount. They must guard
the landing of passengers and under the law inspect
their baggage for articles that may be either contra
band or dutiable. They must also have charge of the
cargo and of its discharge. If the quarantine officer
assumes to land passengers and their baggage at the
same time that he orders the customs officer* detained
as prisoner* on the ship he goes beyond his authority
and interferes with customs regulations. Having no
authority himself to search the baggage of passengers
for dutiable goods, he cannot take such baggage
away from the officers who have that authority. It
will be well for the peace of this port and the dig
nity of the Government if passengers are hence
forth free from this pulling and hauling by the re
presentatives of two different divisions of Federal
authority. The/c is no sorcery about the treasury
regulations. Any ordinarily intelligent person should
be able to understand where the quarantine authority
ends and the customs authority begins, and a conflict
over so plain a thing in the presence of passengers is
inexpressibly belittling to our Government.
The health and customs officers are the first repre
sentatives of the United States met by travelers.
Their relations and conduct should impress upon
strangers the dignity and uprightness of the Govern
ment they represent
There Is no alternative for the customs authorities.
They must remain. Their functions concern the
protection of the Federal revenue. The alternative
for the quarantine officers is a return to State con
trol. Such return is against Federal policy and the
interests of commerce. It is to be hoped that no
more exhibitions of conflict will occur to make such
return seem desirable and proper.
FOREIGN PRISON-MADE GOODS.
A CORRESPONDENT of the American Econ
omist, writing from Germany, says: "From
what I have learned I am positive that a large
quantity of prison-made goods is being shipped to
the United States. There are in this empire fifty-six
full-sized prisons, many containing a thousand souls,
and a great majority have workshops where quanti
ties of cheap stuff are turned out. The authorities
do not wish this material to come into competition
with local tradespeople or dealers, as it would se
riously injure their business, and so they wink at the
export of these prison-made goods to foreign coun
tries. Consequently the export of prison-made stuff
to the United States is on the increase, greatly to the
injury of the working classes of America."
The Economist does not give the name of its cor
respondent, but vouches for his report and says "he
is accurately informed as to the facts in the case and
his statements are undoubtedly reliable." On this
showing it becomes the duty of our customs officers
to exercise more than ordinary care in the inspection
of European imports. While the report to the Econ
omist speaks of German prisons only, it is not likely
that the Germans are the sole people who unload
their prison-made goods on us as far as they can.
A close watch will have to be kept on the whole im
port trade.
The Dingley tariff provides for the exclusion from
our markets of all foreign prison-made goods of
whatever kind. The language is emphatic and clear.
It is declared that "goods, wares, articles and mer
chandise manufactured wholly or in part in any for
eign country by convict labor shall not be entitled to
entry at any of the ports of the United States, and the
importation thereof is hereby prohibited."
The opposition to the import of prison-made goods
has long been the policy of the people of the United
States and is well founded. At the present time a
bill is before Congress prohibiting the export of such
goods from one State to another and has been
strongly supported. It is an evidence of the earnest
ness of the American people in the struggle to pro
tect free labor from the competition of convicts, and
may be cited as a proof that the competition has been
felt to be injurious even within the limits of our own
country. If this is the consequence of the sale of
goods made in home prisons it is easy to see that the
import of the product of foreign prisons would be ex
tremely pernicious.
The matter is one which should be attended to by
our foreign Consuls as well as by our customs offi
cials. It can hardly be wholly guarded against at the
port of entry. There must be a watch kept at the
point of export. The Economist has done well in
directing attention to the extent to which the evil is
carried on, and it is to be hoped the Government will
at once take steps to check the practice.
Boston women have petitioned for a modification
of the ordinance forbidding high hats at the theater.
The country had looked to them for more lofty ideals
than expressed in a desire to be nuisances. No won
der the Boston woman remains unmarried. She is
something to be scared at.
It is to be regretted that the headquarters of the
Union Mission Army should have been the scene of
a fight with hatchets, and even more deeply to be
deplored that no fatal results ensued. These bogus
armies are getting too numerous, and too many of
them arc still out of jail.
To a proposal recently sent to an Eastern girl she
returned the following: "Too late, you jealous fool;
engaged." If the man who received that note is not
busy congratulating himself he is more kinds of a
fool than the dear young lady called him.
According to the Spanish report as to the sinking
of the Maine, the American report will be wrong at
every point. As Spain will probably refuse to re
treat a step, the easiest way to peace would be to sub
stitute her report for our own.
When a man dies from the effect of having eaten
two dozen hard-boiled eggs at a sitting not many
tears will be shed over him. There is a human preju
dice against a hog, even though he walk upright on
two leg*.
HUGE TERRESTRIAL GLOBE
FOR THE
GREAT PARIS EXPOSITION
AMONG the "clouds," or special at
tractions, of the exposition of 1900
will be a terrestrial globe in relief,
on such a grand scale as to allow
even the minor features of outline and
topography of the various countries to
be plainly and intelligently shown to the
eye.
The idea originated with the celebrated
geographer and savant, M. Elisee Reclus,
the author of "The Earth and It 3 Inhab
itants." The plan of the structure was
worked out by M. Louis Bonnier, one of
the board of consulting engineers of the
exposition.
The globe itself will be made of sheet
metal with a diameter of 26 meters (about
100 feet), and will stand on a cylindrical
column of steel about ninety feet In
height. The whole affair will be enclosed
In an egg-shaped metallic covering as
• shown in vertical section in the accom
panying cut, whose top will be 250 feet
above the ground, with two Hanking tow
ers some seventy feet higher still. Under
neath the structure and below the level
of the ground will be placed the machin
ery for operating the affair.
By means of a spiral staircase of gentle
I ascent one can pass over every degree of
latitude and longitude of the earth's sur
face and study the features thereof In
1 minute and connected detail.
The relief feature will be shown on a
! well-chosen exaggerated scale as in the
true proportion. The Himalaya Moun
tains, five miles above the sea level,
would rise on the globe but one-sixteenth
■of an inch in height. As far as possible
I everything will be given in natural col-
I ors. The icy covering of the poles, white;
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. C. Needhara of Modesto is at the
California.
E. D. Goodrich of New York is staying
at the IJck.
Dr. L. P. Hall of Petaluma la a guest
at the Grand.
O. S. Bond of Toledo, Ohio, is registered
at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Flnnell of Rockfleld
are at the Occidental.
G. A. Pennyman, a San Jose capitalist,
Is a guest at the Grand.
F. H. Le Favor is registered at the Oc
cidental from Mare Island.
James L.. Full and wife of Philadelphia
are staying at the California.
Among yesterday's arrivals at tne Pal
ace is State Senator Thomas Flint of San
Juan.
J. A. Johnson of Morris is at the occi
dental, where he arrived yesterday morn
ing with his wife.
A large party of excursionists from
Massillon, Ohio, arrived here yesterday
and went to the Palace.
Two gentlemen
who arrived here
a few days ago
and who have
been living at *he
Palace on the
European plan
were standir 7 In
THE
HOSPITALITY
CAME HIGH.
the l^bby of the hotel the other evening:,
when they were approached by an ac
quaintance who resides in the city and
invited to go out to his house and dine.
They were reluctant to accept the Invi
tation at first, but as he continued to
urge them, saying that there was no rea
son why they should not go with him and
enjoy a good dinner instead of dining
downtown at an expense of a couple of
dollars, they finally accepted, and the
whole party started out of the hotel. As
they passed a well-known saloon the host
suggested that tney go in and shake for
a cocktail. His proposition met with the
approval of the other two, and the trio
went inside, where they remained long
enough to shake three times, one guest
losing twice and the other once. 'At the
next bar they met a large crowd of
friends of the host just after one of the
guests had been stuck, and it cost him
$1 25 to pay for what they drank. A cigar
stand was their next stop, and it cost one
guest $1 50 for what h? lost shaking, while
the other dropped $3 40 in the machine,
winning a sufficient number of cigars to
make It unnecesr .y for the host to buy.
On the car they matched for the fare, and
again it was one of the guests who paid
the conductor.
At the house a miserable dinner awaited
them, after which the host proposed a
gam* of poker, which lasted until 3
o'clock in th*> morning, and which re
sulted in the two visitors being complete
ly cleaned out and signing notes for
amounts which ran way Into the three
figures.
The next day the two gentlemen, after
paying the-'r losses, compared notes, and
found that the Invitation had cost them
together exactly $792 45. all of which had
gone either Into the pockets or stomach
of their hospitable entertainer, whose ac
quaintance they had made on the train.
It is understood that during the rest of
Lent they will accept no courtesies. They
leave for their homes in Chicago on
Easter Sunday.
J. M. Edgett, who. with his wife and
family, is at the Palace, where he ar
rived yesterday from the southern part
of the State, met with a rather serious
accident a few days ago while staging
from Lompoo to Santa Barbara. A wheel
came off Uie stage, and the whole party
the waters, blue, black, yellow and green, j
as the case may be; and the lands green, !
gray, black, etc., according to the prevail- ;
ing' general character of the different |
countries.
The Inside surface of the envelope will !
be covered with historical writings and i
pictures illustrating the evolution of the |
human race, and the peculiar features of ■
life, manners and customs of the differ- j
ent lands. Cafes, reading and sitting |
rooms will have convenient and pleasant j
location in the upper part of the main cdi- j
fice.
The site which M. Reclus selected for
this gigantic affair and for which the ap
plication has been favorably considered
by the authorities Is the tract of land im- j
mediately behind the Palace of the Troca
dero, with which It will be connected by
an elevated passage way.
Tb^^cost of the whole Is estimated at
$8001000, and while the projectors claim to
be actuated solely by a desire to promote
the interests of geographical science and
education generally, in the absence of a
grant or allowance of the money to meet
this large expense, an arrangement has
been made with a syndicate of capitalists,
who will advance the funds needed for
the completion, and look for reimburse
ment to a small fee which will be charged
to visitors.
Viewed from a standpoint of utility in
comparison with the Eiffel Tower, the
Ferris Wheel and other mechanical mon
strosities that have been such attractive
features of other expositions it would
seem that M. Reclus' enterprise should
be rewarded with a still greater degree of i
popular favor.
was thrown out, Mr. Edgett sustaining
bruises that will inconvenience him for
some time to come. Mr. Edgett is a Jtel I
man of Brooklyn, N. Y.
Mr. and Mrs. Kerr of London are at the
Palace.
Edward H. Wagner, from New York, is
at the Lick.
G. B. Assan of Bucharest is a guest at
the Palace.
Walter F. Parker of Los Angeles Is at
the Baldwin.
E. W. Button of Bridgeport, Conn., Is
at the Grand.
James Wilcox, from Madera, is a guest
at the Baldwin.
R. Binder and wife of Ouray, Colo., are
at the Baldwin.
W. Forsyth, a merchant from Fresno, is
at the Occidental.
R. H. Flint, from Angels Camp, Is regis
tered at the Palace.
L. C. Dresher from Sacramento is a
guest at the California.
H. P. Goodman, a banker from Napa, is
registered at the Palace.
Mrs. Whitelaw Reid and D. O. Mills of
MOlbrae are at the Palace.
D. P. Dust of Wheatland, the proprietor j j
and editor of the Four Corners, is at the \
Grand. _
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Bishop John P.
Newman of California Is at the Murray
Hill Hotel. The critical illness of Mrs.
John G. Heckscher. sister of Mrs. William
I A. Duer. may have the effect of postpon
! ing the marriage of Miss Katharine Duer
j to Clarence H. Mackay.
BATTLE HYMN F THE POLTROON.
What is this thing we are fighting for?
Nothing- The merest of bagatelles.
We're plunging into a costly war
And shooting away our high-priced shells.
And putting to risk our fine white ships
Atid periling peaceful people's llvea
For a lot of scare crows, with food-strange,
lips,
And their famished children and starving
wives.
Why not be cautious and wait a space?
Walt. For the sake of the peaceable, wait. !
Calm and patience will settle the case, •
For they re dying oft at a fortunate rate.
Think of the cost of our coal alone;
Think of subsistence— its great expense.
Think of the stocks and the bonds we own,
And try to act with a show of sense.
Think of the danger of sword and phot;
Think of the bullets that fiercely fly.
You might be struck, as likely as not.
And. what is more dreadful, possibly I.
Heaven has shown us the path of peace.
Shown us the good that concord may bring; i
Let this threatening turbulence cease —
Let's sit down and talk over the thing.
Let us have peace. Let the starving starve:
That's the due of the helpless who fret.
Aye. let them die. : Let the Spaniard carve
Them into bits with his keen machete.
What Is the use of this fuss? What's the use
Of these wild war cries that rise and ring?
Fis'ht? Why. there isn'i • show of excuse.
One more year's hunger will settle the thing. .
■ —Chicago Record.
FERRY DEPOT JOBBERY.
The charges of jobbery in the building j
of the ferry depot at the foot of Market
all eel. made by the San Francisco Call,
seem to be very specific and direct. It Is \
in order for the State Board of Harbor !
Commissioners to be as specific and direct '■
in refuting them.— Napa Register.
The Call has the edge on the Harbor
Commissioners in the matter of ferry
building frauds. The defense cf the
crooked work disclosed by our contem
porary is as feeble as the facts are
damaging and strong. Commissioner '
Colnon has not helped himself by his
manner of treating the published accu
sations. There is a little circle or set of
men in San Francisco who are supposed
to embody all the honor and decency of
the commonwealth. Colnon managed to :
break into that circle, and its members
are endeavoring to uphold him. But It j
Is a heavy strain even on the pillars of
purity.— Sacramento Jsews.
BENEFITS OF IRRIGATION.
Salinas Index.
The rich body of land surrounding King
j City has not been profitable for farming
purposes, owing to the lack of rain.
With sufficient rainfall the crops of this
\ section are very fine. "Water is the one
thing- neeßful.
The Salinas Valley Water Company has
j been or&aiized to make this fertile land
"blossom as the rose." The company saw
three sources from which a supply of wa
ter could M drawn, viz.: The San Lo
i renzo Creek, the Salinas River and the
! Arroyo Seco.
The first ditch was run from the San
j Lorenzo last year, and about 300 acres of
! the King ranch was irrigated last sea
! son as an experiment. The owner states
i that the net Income of this land from
I barley was $24 65 per acre.
The company pushed its work on tne
! ditch from the Salinas River, the dimen
! sions being thirty feet wide at the bot
i torn, forty feet on top and five feet d^ep.
j It taps the river seven miles above King
City and extends to the Coburn ranch,
I four miles below the town. This ditch
will .over the land? of WMtan. Ulrey,
Walker Bros.. J. B. H. Cooper, tho King
ranch (now owned by the Spre<--kHs Su
gar Company), and Coburn. The system
embraces seventeen miles of ditches. The
land near these ditches is laid off ready
for the water that has failed to come.
This is the first time in thirty-four years
that the river has failed in its supply of
water, the rainfall in the mountains hav
ing always been much greater in other
dry years than this. The company has
bought the Arroyo Seco ranch of 7000
acres and has taken the water from the
Arroyo Seco to irrigate it. This strearc
has never failed In its supply of ffood
water. The intention Is to divide thla
land into Bmall tracts and sell it to fami
lies at $40 per acre, the company guaran
teeing a plentiful supply of water to irri
gate each acre. Seven miles of ditches
are now completed and the water is
now on the land.
As the water in thf Salinas River has
failed to flow into the ditches in suffi
cient quantities to be of much use. tha
Spreckels company decided, after inves
tigating, that there (a plenty of water
in the river bed flowing und«r the sand.
With this idea uppermost, they are now
putting in a large pumping plant, ex
pecting to grow a crop of beets by irri
gation thisj-fison. For that purpose a
well 100 tm( long. 25 f^et wide and 30
feet deep Is being excavated just below
the bridge and within 60 feet of the river.
Piling, to be lined with grooved boards.
Is being driven on each side of the well
30 feet into the ground. It is hoped that
sufficient water will flow into this well
from the underground current of the
river to supply three large centrlfusral
pumps of 21.000 gallons per minute. The
pumps are to be driven by three large
engines supplied with steam by eight
boilers The entire cost of the plant will
be between $40,000 and $50,000.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RUSSIAN EMPIRE— W. F. T.. City.
; The population of the Russian Empire in
'. 129.545.000, according to the latest esti
; mates. _________
ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS— F. R. C,
! West Point, Cal. Carl Sehurz was the
commander of the Eleventh Army Corps
i during the battle of Gettysburg.
FLAGS— Subscriber, City. When sol
diers of the United States turn out aa
such, they march only under the Amer
ican and the regimental flag. When not
on duty as a soldier, or rather, when on
furlough, there is no law that says a
man who has enlisted as a soldier in the
army of the United States _nay not march
under a foreign or religious flag.
A TWENTY ROUND CONTEST— F. P..
City. The referee in a pugilistic contest,
like the umpire of a baseball game, is "a
mighty man." and he feels that he can
give any decision that he desires. Ho
can, if he wants to, at any time, stop a
twenty round contest and declare it a
draw, and you may rest assured that he
will have an excuse for his conduct. Ac
cording to Blanehard's "Fairplay Rules."
"if either principal becomes so exhausted
that it is apparently imprudent or dan
gerous to continue, it shall be the duty
of the referee to stop the contest and
give his decision in favor of the deserving
man."
WATER WORKS— TV. Hi 8., City. To
answer the question relative to munici
palities in the United States that control
■water works would require more space
than this department has at its command,
for there are in the New England States,
194: Middle States, 305: South Atlantic divi
sion. 77: South Central. 40; North Central,
525; Southwestern division. 95; Northwest
ern, 357. and Pacific, 67. Details of theso
can be found in "The Manual of AmerijAn
Water Works for 1897," which contain.-!
the history, description and source of sup
ply, pumps, reservoirs, stand pipes, dis
tributing systems, rates charged, etc.,
prepared by N. N. Baker, associate editor
of the Engineering News.
■ Finest eyeglasses, specs, 15c up, 33 4th.*
Choice present Eastern friends, Town
send's Cal. Glace Fruits 50c tt> Jap bskts.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Blank books, flat openings, from 50c to
tl 25 per hundred pages, usual openings,
15c to $1 25 per hundred pages. Good books
at these prices are not to be found else
where. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market.*
WORK FOR TWO HANDS.
On Thursday last nineteen steamships
were chartered to load grain at Eastern
cities for European ports, their aggre
gate cargoes being 3.000,000 bushels. The
United States can -whip Spain with one
hand and feed the rest of Europe with
the other. — Indianapolis Journal.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Sy rap"
Has been used over fifty years by million* <tf
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy fop
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
■oft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip <
tickets, by steamship. Including afteen days' '
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $66; longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwocd Springs, Colorado.
Many aches and pains yield promptly to Pa«
kstr's OrsoEß Tonic. Try It.
Paekib's Hair Balsam will save roar hair.
PATENT OFFICE SURPLUS.
The Patent Office came out $252,000
ahead last year and has more than paid
expenses in the past by nearly $5,000,000.
With proper management the annual
postal deficit of $11.000.» v) rould be easily
remedied. — Globe-Democrat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Baking Powder
TO BE PORER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERTHE WORKMEN
WILL CONVENE
List of Those Who Will
Represent the Order
in the Session.
Grand Master Workman Vinter
Would Like to Serve a
Third Term.
There Will Be a Contest for the Office
of Grand. Recorder, Vie© .*
Kirshberg.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen will meet In twenty
first annual session in B'ne B'rith Hall on
April 6.
The session will be an unusually inter
osiixig one. as there are a great" many
matters coming up this time that the
members are deeply concerned in.
William Vinter, the present grand
master workman, who is now finishing his
Eecond successive term, wants to bo
elected for a third term. Many of the
local lodges, while admitting that the
grand master has been an active worker
during his two U'rms, have expressed the
:- that like the President of the
United States th« head of the order ought
to serve but two terms.
old it be the expressed wish of the
representatives that there be no third
term, the candidate in line for promotion
Js fcuperior Judge George H. Bahrs, who
at the last held session was elected grand
overseer, and recently promoted grand
foreman to fill the vacancy caused by the
utath of A. F. Mackay. The name of tins
candidate for the office has been discussed
in and out of the lodgtrooms, and the
assertion has been made that by reason
at the judgeship he holds, the grand fore
man would not have the time to devote
to the order.
The next important office to be filled Is
that of grand recorder to succeed David
S. Hirshberg, who was several months
since appointed superintendent or' the
State institution at lone. For this ofiice
there are a dozen candidates, but the
most prominent are Frank S. Poland,
deputy grand master workman, and John
{ioesch, recorder of Magnolia Lodgo and
v member oi the order tor twenty years.
Many economic measures will be
brought up.
Th« following is the list of representa
tives to the Grand Lodge:
California, No. I— W. H. Flske. L. Nolan.
O«H«n<i. No. 2— S. H. Mitchell, C. L. la«ler,
Henry JUc-Cullough.
Brooklyn, No. S— O. Whippie.
Han Francisco, No. 4 — Thomas Johustone,
Charles K. Ehmann, W. H. Nichols.
Alameda, Xu. 6— C H. Haile.
entaJ, No. 6— \V. G. liackett, J. A. Jack
sen. W. Mills, J. \V. Pattersen.
Pacific, No. 7— E. \V. Marston. A. H. Mo-
Kowan, Charles E. Snook, C. R. Haswell, \V.
j. Peterson.
Golden Gate, No. B— Walter Malloy, John P.
Spencer.
Harmony, No. B—Charles8 — Charles S. Perm, D. Mc-
Sweeney, C. McColgan, Edmund Havnes, James
Bead- E. A. Smith.
Berkeley. No. — C. H. Gompertx.
Temple, No. 11— R. B. Nixon.
San Leandro, No. 12 J. H. Chipman.
Fortuna, No. — Daniel Drown, Percy S.
King.
Yf-rba Buena, No. 14 — Rothganger, M. C.
Nunan, F. Lawrence, P. 11. Kerrigan, A. Wig
more.
Eureka, No. 15— J. H. Steves.
Protection, No. 36 — C. H. Worthlngton,
Knteniise, No. 17— W. H. Hennessey. C. C.
E. Schlandt, A. S. Hale. D. W. Ickes.
Hayu-ards, No. IS— J. E. Crooks, J. J. Me-
I -on:.
nal, No. ia— George W. Lemont, J. E.
I
Sausallto, No. — John Schnell.
Union. No. 21— A. McDon nigh, James Popert,
"U*. Van^ufiicler, IT. J. Nortin, H. A. Nauman,
J. W. Watt.
Yolo, No. 22— S. M. Grlggs. W. P. Crai«.
Stockton. No. 23—
San Rafael, No. 24— M. Herzog, J. L. Man
ney.
Reawood. No. 25— A. J. Beer.
Gllroy, No. 26— V. Bas=signano.
fnlty No. 27— A. W. Tuggy, William Tug
jr<\v Edward I^awton. G. W. Da>'walt. H.
Orimsbaw, P. A. Smith. William D. Stephens.
S L. Waller.
* Santa Rosa, No. 2S— Mark Body, Allen Bry-
Petaluma, No. 2?— John Mclntosh, James F.
Valley No 80— M. T. B!a<-kman, E. A.
Brandt J 'M. Camp. J. H. Grady. A. Heus
sior C E. Hunt. E. F. Joy. H. J. Lash T. H.
Lord A O Lvle. P. D. Mullaney, John V\ .
McCarthy, P. F. McCarthy, J. G. Underwood,
S. I.1 '. Thurstcn.
He-aldsburg, No. 31— George Strlder.
rioverdale. No. 32— S. Pinschower.
Uklah. No. 33— F. C. Albertson.
Lakeport, No. 34— R. A. Redpath.
Oak Leaf, No. 35— J. Harris, F. W. Gartner,
J. N. Fall. L. Wemert _
Spartan No. 86— Joseph Michaels. F. E. Far
ley M. E. Stanford, Thomas W. Bethel, James
P." McCarthy.
Uitloch No. 37— H. W. Baker.
Maryaville, No. 3S—
Sutter. No. 89 B. F. Frlshie.
Orovllle. No. 40— M. C. Toland.
Magnolia, No. 41— John Hoesch, B. Isaacs, J.
A. Cunningham, C. Brind, J. RafTerty.
Myrtle No. 42— W. T. Thomas. H. Bouton.
Mount Hamilton, No. 43— J. J. Bennetts, E.
A Mansfield William Hermann. J. P. Jar
man. W. C. Vlnter, A. J. Schilling, A. M.
Smith, C. C Gorr, W. L. Herrlck.
Franklin. No. 44— Will J. Beatty.
Watsonvllle. No. 45— L. D. Holbrook.
.Santa Cruz. No. 46—
Sausal, No. 47— .T. W. Rowling.
Vacaville. No. !— James H. Carver.
Pulpun, No. George A. Glllesple.
Dixnn, No. 50—
Grass Valley, No. 51— M. W. Argall. L. C.
Snvder, C. P. Whiting.
Nevada City, No. 52— J. E. Isaacs, J. G.
O'Neill. T. H. Carr. L. B. Calkins.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY RIDICULE IT.
MANY PEOPLE RIDICULE THE DEA OF
AN ABSOLUTE CURE FOR DYSPEP-
SIA AND STOMACH TROUBLES.
Ridicule. However, Is Not Argument and
Facts Are Stubborn Things.
Stomach troubles are so common and
in many cases bo c-'ostinate to cure that
people ure apt to look with suspicion
on any remedy claiming to be a radical,
permanent cure for dyspepsia and indi-
gestion. Many such pride themselves
on never being humbugged, especially
on medicines.
This fear of being humbugged may
be carried too far; so far, in fact, that
many persons suffer for years with
weak digestion, rather than risk a lit—
me and money in faithfully testing
laims trf a preparation so reliable
and universally used as Stuart's Dys-
l Tablets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important re-
from ordinary proprietary medt-
for Tie reason that they are not a
tent medicine, no secret Is j
mad- of their Ingredients, but analysis
shows them to contain the natural di-
gest] ats, pure asceptlc pepsin,
the digestive acids. Golden Seal, bis- i
mutii. tig and nux. They are not |
cathartic neither do they act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure mdi- j
the common sense plan of
digesting the food eaten promptly,
thoroughly before it has time to
ferment, . and cause the mischief.
This Is th< secret <>t their sue
pllla never have and never
can cure Indigestion and stomach
troubles because they act entirely upon
the bowels, whereas the whole trouble
is really in the stomach.
Stuart's t pepsia Tablets, taken
after meals, digest the food. That is all
there Is to It. Food not digested or half
digested is poison as It creates gas, j
acidity, headaches! palpitation of the!
heart, losb of tlesh and appetite, and!
many other troubles which are often
called by pome other name.
They arv. RO i<j by druggists every-
wfaere at 50 cents per package. Address \
Ptuart Co.. Marshall. Mich., for book:
on stomach diseases or ask your drug-
gist for it i
Hercules. No. 63— E. F. Baruth, Ed Plats,
S. S. Goodfellow, O. W. Glosser.
Wheatland. No. 54—
Los Angeles, No. 6&— M. M. GUlesple, F. S.
Graham. W. Deveraux, C. Anderson. -
Mission, No. 56— J. E. Wamsley.
Live Oak, No. 57— H. Luther.
<-'hlco. No. Thomas Murphy. E. Meybern.
Mountain View, No. 59— N. 11. True.
Washington, No. 60— A. Lindsey, B. H.
Schunhofr, J. Rosenberg.
Hearts of Oak, No. 61— C. B. Wulderfln
ger Sr.
Vesper, No. 62—1. Horton.
Industry, No. 63— J. H. Neal.
Keystone. No. George S. Johnson, W. A.
Mathewson.
Winters, No. 65— H. C. Culton.
Colusa, No. 66— J. H. Popo.
Burns, No. 68— Gus Pohlmann. Charles Thom
son. Gustave S. Olsen.
Red BlufT, No. 69— S. P. Freeman.
Mendoclno, No. 70— George H. Bowman. )
Shasta, No. 71— Joseph W. Hocking.
Reading. No. 72— C. M. Dustln. D. F. Ben
nett.
St. Johns, No. 78— I* J. Never*. Ellas Ro
decker.'
Merced, No. 74— James Leonard, William H.
Turner.
Vallejo, No. 75— H. M. Thompson,' G. W.
Edgeumbe, J. S. Congdon. j
Los Gates. No. 76— A. G. Williams.
Alviso. No. 77— Henry Abel.
Tulare. No. I&— D. O. Hamman.
Visa! la. No. 79— W. A. Gray, Paschal Be
quette.
Sacramento, No. SO— George B. Katzensteln.
James R. Wheat. ' ■•'".;
Justice, No. SI— W. E. Tlbbet, Q. O. Matt
son. •
Santa Ana, No. S2— Nat T. Brown.
Lincoln. No. S3— E. O. Matthews.
Silver Star, No. 84— Charles 11. Holllster.
San Pablo, No. 86— Azro Rumrill.
Carqulnez. No. 90— C. C. Swain.
Mount Diablo. No. James Hammond.
Point or Timber, No. William Fotherlng
ham.
Reliance, No. 93— Ed Farley.
Benlcia, No. 94— J. Blnnington.
Placer. No. 95— J. K. Correa Jr.
San Benlto, No. 96— W. G. Cagney, M. C.
Series.
Covenant, No. 97— . T. C. Hawver.
Monterey, No. 93— Henry Bach.
Colfax, No. &9— D. 11. Mills.
Guardian, No. 100— A. A. Ferguson.
. Biggs, No. 102— X. D. Smith.
Mountain. No. 105— G. W. Giffen.
Bridgeport, No. 107— S. Solan...
Lodi No James A. Anderson.
Folsom, No. 109— W. A. Ford. Co ,, OT .
Bay City, No. Ill— John Goetz, C. F. Salter.
Empire, No. 112— George H. Freltas.
Gait, No. 113—
Butte, No. 114— Y. Newman.
Willows, No. 115— George Featheroton.
Confidence, No. 117— A. N. Thompson.
El Dorado, No. US— A. P. Hall.
Georgetown, No. 121— T. B. Epps.
tonville, No. 123— Peter Peterson.
Downleville, No. 123— John T. Mason.
Forest, No. 124— F. H. Campbell.
Sierra City. No. 125-1. T. Mooney.
Excelsior, No. 126-J. H. McKnlght. W. S.
Pierce. R. A. Sarle.
Olympic No. 127— John Druesdom.
Mud Springs. No. 123— T. C. Morebeck.
WUm?ngton', No. 130- W. H. Bavaea. ,
Banner, No. 131— ■-
Amador, No. 133— W. H. Burns.
Laurel, No. 134—
Lake, No. ISS— H. H. Dakln.
Fidelity, No. 136— T. A. Farless, C. S. Cur
tis, W. M. Lawlor.
Jackson. No. 138-E. G. Freeman.
Bald Mountain, No. 140—
lone Valley, No. 141— W. A. Bennetts.
Sharon. No. 142-H. A. Blek.
Bodle, No. 143— R. R. Fouke.
Citrus, No. 145— Henry egnon.
Charity, No. 14S-C. W. Getchell.
Pasadena. No. ISI-Cbarles H. Ryan.
Manzanita, No. 34— Henry Crockett.
Half Moon Bay, No. 1S&-J. \allada«.
Main Top. No. 156— Edward Polltka.
Sugar Loaf, No. 137— A. J. Stone.
Sutter Creek. No. 15S— C. E. Goodno.
• Bay View. No. 159— D. B. Todd.
Silver Gate, No. 160— John Rastle.
Weaver. No. 161-D. G. Reid.
Lone Sycamore. No. 163— John L. Kurtz.
Hanford. No. 164— George W. Murray.
Ashler, No. 165— Richard Crooks.
&r'te, N No. ll 07T-J.0 7T-J. H. House M. Biby.
J. T. Albin, F. T. Hilton. A. Eastabrook
Santa Barbara, No. 172-Thomas M. Hogan.
N*o.lK^H.DH.^id,N *o. l K^H. D H.^id, J. K. McQee.
Klamath, No. Robert Nixon.
Etna, No. 177— Fred G. Smith.
?n>ni°hi ce p S : No. J. McGuire. J. J.
i D T"?um n ph. No. ISO-John Qulnn. M. C. O'Shan
nesf-ev, John F. Lyons, J. H. Outran.
Hill's Ferry. No. 181- A. E. Clary.
Turlock. No. John L. Brown.
Del Norte. No. IS3-E. Straub.
Blue Canyon. No. 184— C. Waldeau.
Noe Valley. No. 185-W. O. Crowley, Thomas
Tehan'ia No. IST— John Simpson.
El Monte, No. 188— Thomas Shuge.
Challenge. No. 190- S. M. McCary.
Southern California, No. 191- W. E. D. Mer
\ cian Mateo, No- 192— George A. Kertell.
Los Bane, No. 193-W. J. Stockton.
Higuera. No. W4-F, Chiwa.
I Sonora, No. I&7-J. J. Eddy
Oak Grove, Nc. 19S— Lou's Baor.
F™ervlUe. No. 11S--J. A. li.well.
. Navarro, No. 200— Robert Kerr.
Nelson, No. 202— popman.
Eden. \"o. 204— Henry Dopman.
Butte City, No. 206— John Annana.
VaUo?° r vie^-N^r2oß-Edwln Dudley
College City; No. 209-W. E. Braslleld.
Lookout/ No. 211-L. C. Carpenter.
San Fernando, No. 214—
Dunnlgan. No. 215-E. J. Evans.
Murnhvo No. 217— A. J. Cooke.
Los Alamos. No. 219-A. Leslie.
nilvpr No 220— John R. Coats.
Guafaia, Nof'22l-J H. Schultze.
Alturas, No. 222— M. Pinknej.
Pomona. No. 225-J. W. Goodwiru
■Ray District, No. 226— F. R. Medt.
tolonTa: No. 227-H. W. Witman.
Concord, No. 229-J B. Pouleur. Hurlbut.
Ea.-=t Los Ang?lPS. No. 2,10— H. S. Hurlßut.
Ontario. No. John Geary.
Covlna No. 232-Otls Witham.
Alhambra. No. 233-John W. Fryer.
Tliv No 239— J. H. Jones.
valo's V°'rd« No. 237- W. A. Carpenter.
It Elmo No. 238-L. O. Powers.
Sorrna^ia, No 241-G.W Fisher.
Alta. No. 212— George D Flack.
Trater. No. 246 S. Wolff.
Folrmount, No. 247-D. Hurley.
Point L'Tna No. 248— A. D. Jordan.
Central?^ Bl^WUUam J.
Eureka Valley. No. -■ '- t j.-hn T ItUld.
Bi=hop. No. 256— Fred H. Bulpitt.
Monrovia No. 860— F. M. Monroe.
San M^'ei; No. 261-T. J. Henneasey.
Sai, No. 2C3-T. G. Graham.
Golden West, No. 261—
PurlFlm.i. No. 266 — _
Kins City. ' No. 27*— Aaron Evans.
? r^"«s NO No 2 '^L S - T K\on.
PaJiflcVrove. No. 2SO-James C. Gale.
gsss N ■ --• Stephen D. Btahop.
F°uner O ton N °No'Stonver Va H d - Schumacher.
Vpchurch No. 2^o-John J. Mulgrew.
Alnha No 290— 8. O. Connor.
R chmond"" No. 291-Joseph Preston.
It vers'de No. 292-H. S. Kennedy.
Waterford. No. 293-E H A PP Ing.
Stanford. No. 2M-A. M. Carrell.
Hunnyside. No. 295— L. L. Andrews.
Mayfleld; No. 296-A. E. Hettinger.
Fremont. No. 297-Georpe E. Randolph.
Olive No. 238-W. E. Crane.
Runol No. 299— W. W. Chamberlain.
Oak, No. 800- P. A. H-ndee.
c,.. s. -M- Bnyder.
Concordat. No. 305-John J. Burke.
Concordia. No. 30j— John J. uurKe.
Oro«l No. 306-Charles Campbell.
?^^^°^ lo^^.onard. Joseph
Prosperity No. M9-Lewta Leonard, Joseph
C Laagenderter, Daniel Garrighty.
OrTn^Gro^No'TlS-George A. Townsend.
S^of No. 814— George Footman. Ross.
Pridi of the Valley, No. 315-Morshall Ross.
GuindaT'No?'3lS- F. C. Wells.
Orange Belt. No. 319— jj-
Angelr, No. 320— William Chesney.
I^. Grange. No. 821— J. B. Brander.
Boulder Creek. No. 323— H. L. Mlddleton.
Arena. Na 324— _ _
Topo Topo. No. 225— J. H. Sloan.
Desert No. 326-M. L. Sevjer.
Park No. 327— Robert G. Nunan.
Sncllinjr. No. 329— D. Barnum.
La Canada. No. »»— C. D. Barnum.
South Berkeley. No. 331— W. Allen.
Paso Robles, No. 332— J. C. Brown.
Mokelumne. No. 333—
Le Grand. No. 334— C. H. Turner.
Sequoia, No. 335—
San Antonio. No. 336— J. H. Martlnus.
Crescent! No.' 338— George Helen.
Creaoent, No. 33S— George Helen.
I>l\ine:Ftr,n, No. 339—
Garvanza, No. Griffith Condran.
Azusa, No. 341— W. E. Parker.
Santrrr. No. 342— L. W. Hobler.
Moiioc. NO. 343—
Liberty, No. 344— T. F. Moran.
Windsor. No. 345-H. E. Pool.
Arroyo Grande, No. 347— J. M. Emmert.
Santa Ynez, No. 348—
Gold Ridge. No. 349— Jemes A. Stidger.
Montague, No. BO— G. W. Dwlnnell.
CRAWFORD ENTERTAINED.
He and His manager, .major jrona,
Were the Guests of Mayor
Phelan at the Cliff House.
F. Marion Crawford, the novelist, and
his man&tfter, Major Jameß B. Pond, were
the guests yesterday of Mayor James T).
Phelan. The city's chief executive called
at the Pah.cc in the morning In his
private con nee for his quests and the
party were .riven to the Cliff House,
where the Su'ro Baths and other objects
of interest weie inspected. Mr. Crawford
was delighted with all that was shown
him, and expressed himself In no un-
Btlnted terms regarding the beauty and
the grandeur of the scenery.
He and Major Pond were especially im
pressed with the baths, the magnificence
and extent of which they seemed hardly
able to realize. Various other points of
interest about 'tho city were shown the
two distinguished visitors by Mayor
Phelan- "> i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 189 S.
WANTED FOR
WIFE MURDER
Rev. George E. Morrison
Arrested in This
City.
Recognized by a Constable
From Hanford, Kings
County.
He Admits His Identity but Denies
Having Poisoned His
Wife.
A man dressed as a miner was lean-
Ing against the railing in front of a
store on Market street, near Grant ave
nue, yesterday morning, apparently
watching the passers-by, when a long
six-shooter was shoved in his face and
he was ordered to throw up his hands.
It was all done so quickly that no one's
attention was attracted to the scene.
The man with the revolver was Con
stable H. M. Bernstein of Hanford,
Kings County, and the other was Rev.
George E. Morrison, a Methodist
preacher, who Is wanted in Panhandle.
Tex., on the charge of murdering his
wife by poison.
Bernstein took his prisoner to police
headquarters and Detective Gibson
ACCUSED OF POISONING HIS WIFE.
then took charge of him and locked
him up in the "tanks" pending further
developments.
Morrison, accompanied by his wife,
went to Hanford in 1891 and through
his efforts the present church building
in Hanford was erected. He preached
there until the following year when he
was transferred to San Dieero. While
there he was guilty of conduct that
caused his expulsion by the conference
of that district. He returned to Han
furd on a visit and went to Texas.
Bernstein was a member of his con
gregation in Hanford and when circu
lars were received that Morrison was
wanted in Texas for the murder of his
wife on October 11 last Bernstein com
municated with the police there and
kept himself in touch with what was
being done.
He happened to be in the city yester
day morning on business and acci
dentally met Morrison on Market
street. He at once recognized him al
though he had grown a beard. At first
Morrison denied his identity, but con
fessed to Bernstein that he was the
man. He, however, denied that he was
guilty of the murder of his wife. He
said that some time after she died he
was taken into custody in Topeka, Kas.,
but the Texas authorities would not
send for him and he was released.
Since that time he had been to Mexico,
where he worked in the mines. He ar
rived in this city Monday night and
had only $3 in his pocket. He said he
did not want to go back to Texas.
From information received it appears
that Morrison's wife was taken sud
denly ill on the night of October 10
and died early the next morning. It
was not for a week or two that any
suspicion of foul play was heard of. but
when the police began to investigate
Morrison left Panhandle and went to
Topeka, where he shaved off his mus
tache to disguise himself. He was ar
rested there but by mistake was re
leased and he fled. Mrs. Morrison's
body was exhumed and the analysis
showed that she had died from poison.
Chief Lees wired to the police of Car
son County, Texas, notifying them of
Morrison's arrest, and he received a re
ply that an officer would leave at once
with the necessary papers for his ex
tradition. Morrison's father is a well
known clergryman in Los Angeles and
Constable Bernstein wired him of his
son's arrest. -
Rewards aggrepating $300 had been
offered for Morrison's arrest and Bern
stein will be rewarded for his clever
captiire. Morrison was known in
Texas as Ed Conley, alias Hill. He is
a man about 40 years of age.
WANTED, A PRESIDENT.
Manufacturers and Producers Hunt
ing for Mr. Kerr's Successor.
The directors of the Manufacturers and
Producers' Association are casting about
for a president for the organization, and
bo far without success. When business in
terests forced Julian Sonntag to give up
the presidency the directors Induced J.
\V. Kerr to take the chair, and he has
filled the position in the most satisfactory
manner ever since. During his incum
bency Mr. Kerr has been obliged to de
vote to the association time that he felt
should have been given to his own private
affairs, and when the time approached
for another election and some of the
•members asked him to take another term
he said that he could not do so and do
Justice to his business. Since then sev
rrnl have been named but none wanted to
HHsume the responsibilities of the office,
and the offer was made to none but good
business men.
A few days ago the association held its
regular election of directors and the old
board was re-elected. Yesterday the di
rectors met for the purpose of selecting
their officers for the ensuing year and
once more Mr. Kerr was forced to refuse
to take the jrtace. It was decided to leave |
the position open for a while, and the fol
lowing officers were selected: First vice
president, A. Sbarboro; second vice-presi
dent W. F. Bowers; third vice-president.
Charles R. Allen; secretary, L. R. Mead;
treasurer, A. Sbarboro. The office force
will remain the same so far as known.
NOT TO BLAME.
The Street Railway Company Exon
erated for the Death ot Mrs.
Margaret D. Price.
In the case of the death of Mrs.
Margaret D. Price of 139 Fourth street,
who died a few days ago, the Coroner's
jury yesterday returned a verdict to the
effect that the deceased came to her death
"from causes which, after due delibera
tion, the jury cannot decide upon to a
certainty but believe that deceased came
to her death by injuries received caused
by a railroad accident; and we further
iihd the railroad company blameless
Trie testimony showed that Mrs. Priceat
tempted to cross Third street at its inter
section with Everett, where there is no
crossing and that she stopped for a mo
ment to allow the driver of a truck to
halt his team to allow her to pass. The
deceased crossed in front of the team
without noticing the approach of a street
car going in the same direction as the
truck and being hidden from view by
that vehicle. She stepped directly In front
of the car, and was struck by a stanchion
on the car and knocked down, sustain
ing a broken leg and internal injuries.
RAILROAD EMPLOYES.
Young People's Societies of Christian
Endeavor Gathering In the
Market-Street Carmen.
Stewart Memorial United Presbyterian
Church, on Guerrero street, near Twenty
third, was the scene of something out of
the common in church circles last night.
This was the congregating of such of the
railroad men belonging to the Market
street line as were not on duty at a meet
ing of the Christian Endeavor Society,
gotten up for their especial benefit.
Among those present giving encourag
ing words wore the pastor of the church.
Rev. W. E. Diigan, who seemed over-
loved at the result of this, the first meet
ing of this kind held In this city: John S.
Allen, president of the .Golden Gate
branch of the society; Rohert Cleland of
the Oakland branch; Rev. R. \V. Rey
nolds of Holly I'ark Church; Rev. James
Woodward, and last, but not least, Su
perintendent Vinlng of the Market-street
Railroad, who spoke to his men words
couragement In the work undertaken
in their In-half by those present. He urged
the men to join in the work, and prom
ised to give all his moral support to
those who were about to engage in do
ing something good for the benefit of the
employes of the Market-street railway
system.
The prime mover of this undertaking Is
State Superintendent E. C Gilbert, who
has just returned from l.os Angeles,
where he succeeded in establishing a so
ciety for the benefit of the street rall
road employes of that city. He has done
similar service in Portland, Or., for the
railroad men there.
CARPENTERS WILL
AID THE PRINTERS
This Looks Like a Burying of
the Hatchet Between Cen
tral Bodies.
Musicians Have- a Little- Trouble
Concerning « Traveling
Orchestra.
At the meeting of Carpenters' and Join
ers' Union No. 483, on Monday, without a
voice in dissent, it was decided that the
unqualified support of that body would
be tendered the Typographical Union in
its contemplated struggle for a nine-hour
work day. This fact is more significant
than is patent on its face. There are at
present in this city two labor bodies, eavh
of which lays a claim to supremacy as the
central labor body of the city. One of
these is the San Francisco Labor Council,
the other the Building Trades Council.
While the Labor Council is affiliated with
the American Federation of Labor, the
Building Trades Council is affiliated with
no national body, yet claims supremacy
by reason nf its greater membership.
There has been no open clash between
the two organizations, but relations have
for some time been strained to a certain
extent, and this action of the largest
union of carpenters in the city is practi
cally a burying of the hatchet between
the two central bodies. Some time ago a
joint committee was appointed to bring
the two organizations together, but as yet
no arrangements have been made.
The Musicians' Protective Union has a
fight on with the Olympia . Music Hall,
which may eventually terminate in the
boycotting of that place of amusement.
The management recently put on what
Is known as a traveling orchestra. Trav
eling orchestras are privileged to play for
two months without becoming members
of the local union, but the organization
now exhibiting at that place has already
passed its two months of grace, and the.
local unionists are determined to cause
them to join the union or will boycott the
place. An amicable settlement is, how
ever, expected within a tow days.
The Abbey-Wanrell Concert.
Mrs. Alfred Abbey, soprano, and Signor
G. 8. Wanrell, bass, gave a very pleasing
operatic and song recital In Y. M. C. A.
Hall last evening:. The audience was large
and critical and the clever work of the
artists elicited much merited applause,
the work In the grand duo from the third
act of "Gli Ugonotti," and Mozart's "II
Flauto Majpico" being particularly accept
able. Mrs. Abbey was the recipient of
many handsome floral offerings during
the evening.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
frlsts refund tlie money If It falls to cure. 25 '
The genuine haa L. B. Q. on each tablet..
"PREPARE NOW
TO MEET GOD"
Father Yorke Addresses
a Large Audience at
the Cathedral.
Vivid Portrayal of the Fate
Awaiting Those Who Sin
and Fail to Repent.
Increasing Popularity of the Lenten
Theological Lectures by the Gifted
Pulpit Orator.
St. Mary's Cathedral on Van Ness ave
nue contained an immense audience last
evening, assembled to hear Father
Yorke's Lenten lecture on "Immortality."
These nightly lectures have become ex
ceedingly popular, which is due in a great
measure to the reverend gentleman's well
known oratorical abilities.
After brief devotional exercises the lec
turer ascended the pulpit and spoke sub
stantially as follows:
At the moment of death the soul is separated
from the body and passes into the future state.
The body lies btill and cold before us. The
eyes are sightless; the tars no longer hear our
words or' love; the lips have no answering
words; the hands lie motionless upon the
breast. Something has gone iorth irom the
body; that which made it live and move has
departed. We did not see it go. but it has sped
into the darkness and we are lett behind to
urn for our loved one. The clay is lett in
our care and we clothe It with tender hands;
we strew Mowers over it and when it is finally
laid away in the earth we erect a tomb above
it which we visit with heavy hearts.
But what has become of the soul? The soul
can never die', it has gone from this world,
It is true, but it lives somewhere. We would
gaze out into the darkness into which it has
taken flight, and well may we ask, my friends,
where has it gone?
Life is given to us for a purpose. Every act
we perform is dictated in order that we may
work out the mission assigned to us. We are
the servants, intrusted with our Master's
goods, and we must not abuse this trust, lor
the day will come when we shall be held to a
strict accounting for everything intrusted to
us. This will take place when the book of our
lives is closed forever. Then are our accounts
compared, and we must be ready to face that
day of reckoning, for we canot escape it.
As soon as the bonds of flesh are broken,
swifter than the eagle darting upon its prey,
6wifter than the bullet as It speeds from the
gun, swifter than the lightning's flash, yes
swifter than thought itself the soul is hurried
before its God. There is no time then to pre
pare for the meeting. The senses have van
ished and we are hurled through darkness un
til dizzy and breathless we are cast before
the great white throne. Time is now no more.
and we are brought face to face before. our ac
counts. God sits before us, no longer our ;
Savior, but as our judge. Even while the soul
is still overwhelmed with Its flight it hears {
the voice of the accusing spirit; the past is i
present, and sins that had been forgotten, sins i
denied and sins acknowledged, are brought be- j
fore it. The accusing voice recounts the warn
ings sent to the mortal on earth, special and j
general, and it tells how the Judgments of I
God have been heeded. The whole life of man
is laid bare, nothing is hidden at the great
white throne.
Oh, my friends. Illusions are now gone: ex
cuses are useless. During life there is always '
time, but that time is past. There is no hope J
of mercy now, for he has already offered mercy j
and it has been refused. Too well the soul sees i
that all is lost. The sentence has gone forth,
and the soul realizes that it must be delivered
into the power of the evil one.
This is Cod's world; he made it and we must
carry out his decrees. Some day this world
shall come to an end. The sun shall grow
cold and the moon shall cease to shed her
light. Mountains shall crumble and the hu
man race shall shrivel to naught. Then shall
we see a wondrous sight. Through the dark
ness we shall see the waves rolling over the
earth, while the stars shall fall from the skies
like autumn leaves. Then the angel of God
shall sound the trumpet and all the millions
that are dead shall live again. Not one in all
the ages shall be missing and they shall enter j
heaven and stand in their bodies as they stood
In life. -; .
Now Is the day of God. Men have had their
day, but this is God's day. ana each man shall
stand before that Judgment seat, not In spirit,
but in the very flesh and blood you have here.
Then shall the son of God send forth his an
gels to separate the good from the bad. Think
what that separation shall mean. Time Is at
an end and through all eternity must the lost
be cast forth. He will ask the righteous to
come unto him, but to the wicked he shall
say: "Depart from me thou accursed— depart
unto hell
As surely as we are here to-night, so surely
shall we stand In that presence. Are you
ready for the meeting? Are you prepared to
render an account of your stewardship? Do
not wait, my friends, for no one knows what
a day may bring forth. Turn to God now;
prepare yourself for this meeting to-night. Do
not wait until it is too late.
THE TELEPHONE CASE.
Western Electric Company Obtains
an Injunction Against the
Capital Company.
United States Judge de TTnvon sitting in
the United States Circuit Court yester
day decided that thn W.-stern Electric
Company was entitled to an injunction
restraining the Capital Telephone .and
Telegraph Company from the use of the
l'.rrin multiple switchboard. The court
also ordered an accounting.
The switchboard used by the de
fendant was invented by Thomas J.
IVrrin and was patented in April. 1886.
The court found that Leroy 15. Firman
had reduced his invention of a multiple
switchboard to practice early in 1579 and
several months earlier than the other
patent.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis* Anti-Headache never fa115. 25c.«
Commemorating the Passion.
At St. Stephen's Episcopal Church last
night a beautiful service, in commemora
tion of the Passion of the Redeemer, was
elaborately celebrated. The musical part
of the ceremony was under the direction
of Roscoe W. Lucy, organist of the
church, and these ladies and gentlemen
assisted the regular choir: Soprano, Miss
Edith Wadsworth; contraltos. Mrs. Part
intrton and Miss Nellie M. Partridge; ten
or F L Purdy. The Knickerbocker
Quartet and the Ladies' Friday Afternoon
Choral also participated.
Hit With a Marlinspike.
James Garrett, a longshoreman, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a warrant
charging him with assault with a deadly
weapon. Peter Peterson and he were can
didates for the position of watchman on
a. bay scow at Mission-street wharf and
Peterson got the job. Monday night Gar
rett went to the scow, picked a quarrel
with Peterson, and hit him on the head
1,1 fare- with a marlinsnike.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
" Probably no single drug
is employed in nervous dis-
eases with effects so mark-
edly Beneficial as those of
cod-liver oil."
These are the words of
an eminent medical teacher.
Another says : " The hy-
pophosphites are generally
acknowledged as valuable
nerve tonics."
Both these remedies are
combined in Scott's Emul-
sion. Therefore, take it
for nervousness, neuralgia,
sciatica, insomnia and brain
exhaustion.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York,
DIED RATHER
THAN MARRY
David Brannan Took Poi
son on His Wedding
Night.
Was to Hove Been Forced Into
the Conjugal State Against
His Will.
Rough on Bats Gave him the De
sired Belief From the
Dilemma.
David Brannan, 21 years of age, died
last evening at the Receiving Hospital
from a dose of rough on rats, which he
had taken while at work on Washington
street, because he feared that he would
be forced into marriage with a girl whom
he had wronged.
Brannan, who had resided at Twenty
fourth and Harrison streets, was a whit -
encr by occupation and for the past few
days ha^ been employed in an unfinished
house on Washington street, between
Webster and Buchanan streets. At the
time he went to work yesterday morning
he seemed depressed and despondent and
When questioned by his fellow workmen
as 10 the cause of his troubles he stated
that he was to be married that night and
that he did not love the girl he was forced
to wed.
He claimed that the girl's parents were
forcing- the match on him and within a
few moments it was seen that he had dis
appeared. A short time afterward hlfl
fellow workmen found him writhing in
agony, and a box which had contained
rough on rats was found beside him.
The patrol wagon was called and the
suffering man removed to the hospital,
but all medical aid was of no avail and at
7 o'clock he died.
The body was removed to the
Morgue. The parents and relatives of
the young man were in the hospital at the
time of his d^ath, but they were unable
to divulge the name of the girl who had
driven Brannan to suicide.
WILL LOCATE IN LONDON.
Charles Rollo Peters, the Popular San
Francisco Artist, to Leave
in May.
The San Francisco artist, Charles Rollo
Peters, who for several years has spent
most of his time abroad, will leave lor
London in May, where he anticipates lo
cating- permanenty.
Mr. Peters' pictures attracted much j
attention before he went to Paris, where
be remained seven years studying, prin
cipally undpr.the guidance of Alexander'
Harrison, who immediately recognized his
ability,
It is i..c desire of Mr. Peters to reach
Bondoa In May, for then is the beginning
of the season, and a private exhibition
of his pictures will i-e given in some gal
lery of note.
At the Bohemian Club art exhibition
given four months ago Mr. Peters con
tributed some beautiful paintings, every j
one of which was sold. Among them was !
one entitled After the Gringo Came."
It found a purchaser in Mayor Phelan,
who presented it to the club.
Another picture that decorates the walls ■
of the Bohemian Club, and one of which j
Mr. Petf-rs is jus-.y prnud, is "Tne i
Legend of Brittany," which was previous- j
ly exhibited in the Paris Salon and also
In Munich.
He is now engaged on a large canvas,
"Twilight in San Francisco, From the
Bay." Another canvas will represent the
Santa Barbara Mission by moonlight, and j
another moonlight scene will be a repro
duction of the Mission at San Juan.
Before his departure he will hold a re
ception and art exhibition in this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TTTE WO INO fA lUTA T. OF H I MA IT
-*• He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
t RSFA/ tCo
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
V.. . San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
VnilMf^ HEM Unnatural drains caused
I UUiIU In CH ■ through errors of youth
; or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
UfCAV lICII Organs of "the body which
WlllHlV mClil have been weakened
through disease-, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
D3IDTIIDC cured by his new method,
BlUr I llnC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
If ADIPftnEI C hydrocele. swelling and
V HlllUUuCLSni tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the svstetn.
I Aft ICC will receive special attention for all
LhuiC^9 their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE &«£."
■ WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. 1.. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal.
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails on or about March 31st direct for
SKAGUAY
—AND—
DVEA.
WdOHN A. MAGEE JR.,;
Agent, 310 Clay St.
♦Phone— Main 1779.
SAINT MARK'S_HOSPITAL
HOME FOR THE CArTdTTHE INEBRIRTE
Corner Stockton and Chestnut Streets, ':'."•
Is Open for the Reception of Patients, Under
DR.S.P. fuGGLE,
Superintendent and Resident Physician. '.
Down-town Office— S. E. CORNER GEARY
AND :j STOCKTON STREETS, over \ City of
1 Paris; 2 to 4 p. m.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ho?tolinToiil
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let it stand twenty-four
hours; a sediment or settling indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
if it stains your linen it is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it or pain in the back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish in relieving pain in
the back, kidneys, liver, bladder and
every part of the urinary passages. It
corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pains in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to get up
many times during the night. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases. If you need a
medicine you should have the best. Sold
by druggists; price fifty cents and one
dollar. You may have a sample bottle
and pamphlet both sent free by mail
upon receipt of throi; two-cent stamps
to cover cost of postage on the bottle.
Mention San Francisco Daily Call, and
send your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y. The proprietors of
this paper guarantee the genuineness of
this offer.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWINJTHEATER.
Crowded Again— Applauded All the Time!
THE TRIPLE ATTRACTION,
/\ININ/\ HELD.
"A GAY" DECEIVER,"
THE CAT AND THE CHERUB.
Every Evening, Including Sunday. Matinee
COMlNG— Hoyt's "A STRANGER IN NEW
COMlNG— Hoyt'a "A STRANGER IN NEW
YORK." • -
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
J/\/V\ES J. GOROETTT
And His Admirable Dramatic Company
In Charles T. Vincent's Comedy Drama,
f\ Nf\\fJ\L* G/\DET.
The Entire New York Academy of Musia
Production.
' Next Monday — JAMES A. HERNE In
"SHORE ACRES."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS (WEDNESDAY) AFTERNOON at S
o'clock. Final Lecture. F. MARION CRAW-
FORD, the Greatest of Living American Novel-
ists. Management of Mr. J. B. Pond. Subject,
"Italian Home Life in the Middle Ages."
Next Sunday— "A JAY IN NEW YORK."
MQROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Revival of the Great Moral Melodrama.
TEN NIGHTS
IN A BARROOM !
: '/r.;--- Reappearance of
HARRY MAINHALL as JOE MORGAN.
The Infant Prodigy, LA PETITE LUND", as
"LITTLE MARY."
Special New Scenery and Effects.
Brilliant New Comedy and Specialties.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur
day and Sunday.
Matinee To-Day, Wednesday, March 30.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
The FIVE WHIRLWINDS, Arabian Acro-
batic Wonders; WATSON, HUTCHINS and
EDWARDS, German Comedy Stars; MONT-
GOMERY and STONE, black-face comedy; the
GLISANDOS. musical Clowns: GEORGE H.
WOOD, Comedian; CARRIE SCOTT, Sinking:
Soubrette: McCALL and McDANIELS, ATHAS
and COLLINS and CHARLES T. ELLIS and
Company. * '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kkei.ing. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS!
The Most Successful of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
NEW SONGS — DANCES — SKITS — NEW.
NEXT WEEK.
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!"
LOOK OUT FOR "SINBAD."
Popular Prices 25c and Eta
No Telephone Orders Received.
ALCAZAR. SEATS BY
A I C^A/Ak phone
rW-^\jr\.L4ry.r\» main 234.
>v IT'S A GOt
THIS WEEK ONLY! r '
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE JUaVMMY. 'THE JUMUMMY.
HEiViUMMY. i ME IWiUMMY.
A Farce In 3 Acts.
LITTLE VENIE IN SPECIALTIES.
Prices '. 15c, 25c, 33c, Mo
NEXT WEEK— "JANE."
DELORME'S ' SUNLIGHT PICTURE,
"INTESIEI DE FEME,"
COMPANION PIECE TO /
"THE BLACKSMITH,"
NOW ON VIEW
FREE OF* CHARGE...
„ IN THE ART ROOM AT
THE EMPORIUM and
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Dally at the
- - - ZOO -
' IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
Last Week of Captain Cardono's Group of
Trained Lions— Most Thrilling
Animal Act Extant!
Feeding 1 of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
! PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Inglesido Track.)
Baoing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine. \
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
races. ■ .
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny and Mission street cars every three
minutes/ direct to track without change. Fin-
more-street cars transfer each way.
S. K. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
HI VMDIA Corner of Mt*on and
ULI Eddy StMa*
America's most beautiful music halL Great-
est free bill in the world. MAE TUNISON,
operatic selections: DOLLY PAXTON. ballad-
lst: the 3 ALBIONS, grotesque comedians;
ZANFRELLA & WALSH, porch artists, and
I ten others. House Heated. Admission fre%
78
PUT A BULLET
IN HER HEART
Effie Nottingham, a Pretty
Domestic, Deliberately
Commits Suicide.
fio Excuse for the Rash Aet-Be
lloved to Have Been
Despondent
OAKLAND, March 29.— Effie Notting
ham, a pleasant-lboklng girl I'l years of
age, ended her life to-night at the resi
dence of Captain Mom at Lake and Jack
eon streets. The girl had only parted
from her mother a few hours and seemed
to be in the best of spirits.
Soon after dinner this evening the peo
ple In the house heard a shot in the room
occupied by Miss Nottingham, who was
maid to Mrs. Mem. A moment later she
was found dead on the floor with a bullet
in her heart. The shot had been very
deliberate and death was instantaneous.
The muzzle had been pressed so dose to
the breast that a large space was burned
biack with the powder.
Kfh'e Nottingham lias been some months
with the M<-iiis. and had been told that
when they went away she should go with
They left last Monday to be gone
a month, but did not take Effle. Xester
she was paid J7, the balance of her
salary, and with the greater part of it
she purchased the l>i£ American bulldog
revolver with which she ended her life.
The remainder was in her pocket when
she died.
The dead girl's mother lives on a ranch
at Walnut Creek. To-day she came Into
• d to visit her daughter, and the
two passed a very pleasant couple of
hours: Mrs. Nottingham drove her
daughter back to the Mem residence and
then went home. The girl intended to
leave the Mem house to-tnorrow and look
for a place till the family returned. She
told Mis.s Rosle Glade, a domestic, that if
any mail came for her to send it to a
lodging-house ai Seventeenth street and
Telegraph avenue. sne then went up
and ended her life.
"There la absolutely no excuse for her
taking her life," said Captain of Police
Mitchell to-night. "I have known the
family for years and Effle was a lovely
girl. " A few days ago one of her girl
friends at Walnut Creek died of heart
a picnic, and Bffie felt despond
ent. She also felt bad at the family
away, :iii>l, after leaving her
ni<n lur. she decided to take her life."
Captain Mem is the well-known South
African capitalist, and his residence,
where the tragedy took place, is one of
the most elegant in the Lakeside dis
tr: t.
Councilman Henneberry Saved.
OAKLiAND, March 2l>.— The attempt to
oust Councilman Henneberry from the
i lakland Improvement t'lub to-night
ulckly squelched by the prealdeni
rulinp the question out of order. He stated
that the constitution forbade the discus
sion of religion and poatlcs at club meet
ings, and, as this way a political question,
he refused to allow it discussed. Several
attempts were made in various ways to
at th<> main question, but to no avail.
TTie attendance was very large, and an
attempt to adjourn to the call of the
chair was declared out of order. The club
will meet again next Tuesday.
RECEIVING HOSPITAL NEEDED.
The Claim Is Being Set Up That
Some Provisions Should Be Made
for Workmen at the Potrero.
The number of casualitiea which occur
at the four blp institutions at the Potrero ;
is set up by those interested as demand- :
ing the establishment of a branch receiv- i
ing hospital at that place. The Union
Iron Works employs upwards of 3000 men.
the rolling mills, the rope works and the
Sugar Refinery bave as many
more constantly employed, and all are li
able to accidents at any moment.
The accident which occurred to William
Savage in the Union Iron Works last
we« k is being advanced to show the I
necessity of such an Institution, m rua
case he was permitted, through no fault
nf any'person, to lie in a sht-d for one
hour "after he received his injuries be
fore the ambulance arrived from the City
Hall to convey him to the County Hos- j
pita!, where he died.
Several cast a have recently occurred
Immediate medical attendance ad
ministered to men receiving injuries would
have eased their sutferinjss, v' not staved
their lives, before reaching the Receiving !
Hospital at the City Hall or at the County
Hospital, as the case may be.
The Potrero police station is only pro- I
vided with a wagon, which has no ac
commodation for carrying a. man who has
been badly injured. This could be sub- |
stituted for a patrol wagon, and a place;
provided f^r the treatment of those in
jured at a trifling expense.
SMITHS' CASH BTORE, 27 Market
Btreet, yells "STANDARD" shirts. ♦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F A Smith. Minn Ethel Snyder, Ohio
Mrs F A Smith, Minn Edith Snyder Ohio
Mrs M A Fi?k. Minn Harvey Snyder, Ohio
W A Avery&w, Mich Floyd Snyder. Ohio
Alex Hill. London Edith Albrecht. Ohio
C p Robbing. Wash E T Wallace. Yreka
J D Wadenple, X J Mrs W J Worden, 111
Mrs Wadenple, N J Mrs S E Hawley, Ohio
F S Smith & w, N "i E H Ifawley. Ohio
C Bteckler, NY <; B Morley&w Mich
Mrs X D Cowing, N 1 F 1) Ewen & w. Mich
<; a Kelly &w. Pa ;n F Wickes &w. Men
<; E Goodman Jr, Npa Mrs a Sanborn. Mich
H F Corbln. Ohio F A Harvey&w, Mich
O H 1' Noye, Japan I) Keith. Utah
Mrs M !'■ Watrous. Pa T Flint Jr. San Juan
J M Sttldebaker, Ind W c Bantrie. Stanfrd
Mrs Studebaker. Ind J a Mlnturn. Minturn
O (■ Bryer, NY J C McChrystal. Utah
P Kerwin, Va Mrs Whltelaw Reid &
H Pomeroy. Stanford
Miss Lewis. Spokane DO Mills. Millbrae
J Brown. S Bernardno L Kahn. Oakdale
F H Stevens & w. X V R H Flint. Angels
R S Terry & w, Va c, F Atkins. Dallas
W H Terry & W, Va R R Scott. Pa
J W Mitchell, L Ang W Scott. Pa
J D Snerwood&w.Spkn W Scott, Pa
W de Hunt. 111 Ollva Scott. Pa
Mrs de Hunt & d. 11l .1 A Oately * w, Eng
H B Edwards. 11l II Curtlss & w. 11l
Mrs J C Edwards. 11l Be, Assam &w. Rou-
Mlss Edwards. 11l mania
W H Evans, Montreal J w Freiberg- & w. O
R C Boyd Columbus X Frosell. Shanghai
F H Snyder. Ohio Mrs Paulson. Shanghai
J F Snyder, Ohio Mr & Mrs Kerr. Lond
C E Snyder. Ohio Miss Kerr. London
J F I>avitt & w. Ohio A A Hansen. London
J F Heps & w. Ohio W F Kerr. St Louis
Anna Hess. Ohio F TI Medbury. NY
G Snyder, Ohio J B Ross & w, X V
Harriet Snyder, Ohio [H P Goodman&w.Npa
X S Snyder. Ohio
GRAND HOTEL.
A V Johnson, Sacto IS A Hree, Saeto
J H Bather. Sacto Mrs L Hart, Xapa
T W Covey &w, Cal Mrs <; L Allen, Stktn
T G Ludlow. Los An)? M Morpnt & w, Cal
Mrs W B Watson, Pa Miss Morent, Stockton
O H P Noyes.Yokohma Lou Morent, Stockton
J A Alessander, Cal Bob Morent, Stockton
G A Penniman, S Jose Miss DtteU, Stocktn
J R Garrett. Willows I I Yasin, Phila
R H Jackson, Oroville F Ivancovich. Cal
D H Williams. Fresno jG L Allen, city
M Dupenbrock, Sacto I W C Waters, Salinas
E G Fisher. Perm c F Bryant. Cal
F G Wetherhold, 11l I Bryant, Cal
J Shlnk <«• f. lowa M Biggs. Oroville
H M Murchy, NY T I' Dcney & w, Ohio
]) W Taylor, Portland I Mansfield, city
H P Bender, BakerafW <; W Stone & w. Mich
Wm L Wilson. Cal „ J G Ferguson&w.Mich
J Summer, Boston A L Williams, Cal
w Palmtop, f-al Dr J m Blodgett, cal
Mrs J W Brady, S Jse L <; Bommerwrick, Md
J B Brady, S Jose Mrs ]> W I>w!^'ht Mnt
Miss E Brady, S Jose! D Uwight. Spokane
J X Underbill. N V ! Mrs J H Millard, 111
Dr L P Hall. Cal !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McCarthy. Chicago I M McKinnon, L Ang
P Bonlin. St Paul G Arthur, Cal
J Barrett, Australia Mrs Dolan, Rio Vista
W C Hay, Minn N Anderson, Benlcia
J Mackey, Stockton T Kennedy, Placervlle
E C Ruls, Kans City J Williams, Cal
Miss Vance. Eureka E J Moore, Cal
Mrs Mather, Cal IW H Ellis. Los Ang
T Bainbridge. Kans I A Holliday. Palo Alto
Mrs Bainbridge. Kans C Trascler, Cal
J M Benson, Stockton ; '
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M Berlise. Los Ang I Mrs L Carter, S Cruz
j C McChrystal. L Ang J P I>iggs, Cal
O S Bond, Toledo T Morris, Los Ang
Miss Bond. Toledo ■ A Jordan. Oakland
Miss Florence, L Ang H Binder, Mich
A Hawkins. Los Ang! Mrs ' Binder, Mich
JST B Edwards, L Ang Miss Binder, Mich '
Mrs Edwards, L Ang J WilcOX, Madera
Miss Edwards. L Angi Mrs Wllcox. Madera
J F Toe. Phlla Parker, L Ang
n O Loud. Chicago . ; J O'Neill, Sacto
Mrs Mason, S Cruz J^ " -
Kelso Is Convicted.
John Kelso, the well-known contractor,
■was convicted by Judge Low yesterday of
battery and was ordered to appear for
sentence to-morrow. About two weeks
agro Alexander Moreno, a process-server.
Visited Kelso's office to serve him with a
notice of a divorce suit begun by Mrs.
Kelso. Kelso seized Moreno by the back ,
of the neck and threw him downstairs,
and he was confined to bed for several ;
days as a result of his injuries.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull and showed no
changes worthy of note. An assessment of Be
was levied on Bullion.
On the Bond Exchange there was leas excite
ment In the favorites, which fluctuated about
In the neighborhood of the previous day"s
quotations, under brisk trading. The sugar
stocks wore lower at the close, as will be seen,
and the whole list was softer.
The capital stock of the California Mort
gage and Savings Bank has been increased
to $1,000,000, and the institution will be known
hereafter as the German - American Bank,
with the following directors: Ernest A. Den
icke, A. Sbarboro. W. R. D. Venable, F. Kron
enberg, F. C. Siebe. John C. Bana, J. C Reud.
A. Toguazzint and H. Brunner. Stock actu
ali- subscribed, $250,000.
The semi-annual interest on the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad bonds
will be paid on Friday, April 1, at the Bank
of California.
Holders of the outstanding shares of the old
', Bodle Consolidated. Hulwer Consolidated and
Mono mining companies are requested to sur
render them and receive shares of the Stand
ard Consolidated Mining Company In exchange,
besides three dividends of 10 cents each on the
! last named stock.
I At the annual meeting of the Western Sugar
Refining Company the following officers were
elected for 1888: President, J. D. Spreckels;
vice-president, Thomas Brown: treasurer, A.
| B. Spreckels; secretary, Robert Oxnard; direc
i lor, Oswald Kothmaler. .
| The official letter from the Alta mine for
i the past week says: Have cleaned c*»t and
I delivered at the mill 32 carloads of ore, me av
erage car sample assay of which was $38 28
I>er ton. The north raise Is up 130 feet, and
. the last IS Inches is in ore ot good quality.
The stopes are looking well as usual. The new
Whifley concentrator will be set up in the mill
in a few days.
The official letter from the Occidental Con
1 solidated mine for the past week says: 550
level— crosscut No. 1, started at a point
in the lower tunnel 1300 feet from the mouth,
has been driven 11 feet through hard prophyry;
| total length 136 feet. 650 level— East crosscut
No. 5, started at a ->olnt S4O feet from the sta
i tion, has been extended 15 feet through por
phyry with seams of quartz; total length 239
feet. This crosscut Is now entering the east
1 ledge. The west crosscut from the end of the
south drift, at a point S4O feet from the station
has been advanced 15 feet through fair grade
ore; total length 239 feet. In the east cross
cut No. 3, north of the station, we have un
covered a body of ore 30 feet wide assaying $14
I per ton coin value. The main south drift has
! been extended 21 feet through fair grade ore;
I total length 935 feet. 750 level— The north drift
j from west crosscut No. 1 has been extended
i 14 feet along the footwall of the vein and Is
i showing seams of high grade ore; total length
| 100 feet.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, March 29—2 p. m.
xild.Aek. Bid. Ask.
U 8 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 44 4o
4s quar coup. .lll — Pac Gas Imp.. — v T'i
I4s quar reg..H2>i — Pac 1.. Co 55% 64*4
i4s quar new.. 122 — S F G & E.. 87^ 8S
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3V£ 3\
Cal-st Cab is. 114^116 Stock Gas 12 —
I Cal El 6s 126*s — Insurance —
C C Wa.t 05... — 102% Flrem's Flind. — 200
Dup-st ex. c. — 984 Bank Stocks—
; E L & P 65.. 128 12S«n Anglo-Cal .... — 6«
T & Ch Ry 63 — 11-4 Hank of Cal.. — 247*4
Geary-at R ss. — 100 Cal S D & T. — l"4
11 C& S 5**. .100 105 First Nat ....200 —
■ L A L Co Ss.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do ffiud 9S 99 Mer Exchange — IB
Markft-st bß..l2t>i£ — Nev Xat 8...150 157*4
l>o Ist M 55.113HH4 Savings Banks—
I Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97Vi Ger S & L..1625 1665
N<"Ng Ry 75.102% i — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 11 l — Mutual Say. 85 40
NRy Cal 55.. 10214 — S F Say U.. — 600
iNP CR R 6s. 104*4 — S&L So — 100
iNP CR R ss. 101 — Security tf B 250 —
i N Cal Ry 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad — *
Do 2d is 55.. — 112 California ....107*4109
'Om Ry 6s — 12;' 3 -; Geary 4n —
P & 66s 110 — M:irkPt-st 62*4 63
:P&ChRy 6b — 112 Presidio 5 S*4
I Powell-st 6s ..117 120 Powder—
! Reno WL&L..IOO — California 120 IDO
i Sac Elecßyss.lo4U.inf;T s jr Dynamite... So 90
: S F & N P 58.10;.Vsl r >6 Giant Con Co. 41M> 42«4
S P of Ar 65.. 103 104H Vigorit 2}* 3
. S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg os.. — 99*4|A1 Pac Assn.. !>6 97*4
S P Br 6s 115 — iGer I.d Wk5.. 102*4 —
S V Wat 6b. ..115%117 I Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45...102%10S HC & S Co.. 26% 27
Stock Gas 6b.. — 103% I Hutch S P Co. 44 44^i
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
iVntra Costa... 56 62* i Nat Yin (J0... — 7'i
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 56Vi 56? i
Spring Val »%100 Pac A F L... li 3
ilas & Elfctric— Pac Bor C 0... 98 —
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Par Paint Co. C^i —
M E LCo — 13*4
Morning Session.
5 Hutchlnson S P Co 45 00
10 do do b 2 43 00
: 20 do do 8 10 44 75
i 65 do do 44 75
In Onklnnd Gas. s 90 43 60
$5000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 105 75
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 2S 00
175 do do 27 75
,-.i) do <lo 27 50
.".Spring Valley Water 100 25
! 35 Giant Powder Con 4175
. 20 Oceanic Steamship Co 66 75
! 25 do do 66 50
i 175 S F Gas & Electric Co 8S 00
Street —
1M Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 50
100 do do 28 75
Afternoon Session.
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
20 Eastern Dynamite 85 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 2.'.
60 do do 26 75
15 do do » 60
50 do do s 30 26 7.".
$2000 S P of A Bonds 104 (X)
110,000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 75
fcf, Hutchinson S P Co 44 t-0
20 Spring Valley Water 99 75
1 Market-street Railway 60 00
10 do do 52 50
Street—
25 S F Gas & Electric Co : 88 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
! 50 Hawaiian C & S Co 28 75
20 do do 29 00
! 2n Market-street Ry Co 52 25
; 50 do do s 10 52 50
Street—
50 Hawaiian C & S Co 27 75
40 do do 27 S7*4
50 do do 28Oii.
40 Market-street Ry Co 52 12%
50 Spring Valley Water 100 37*4
Afternoon Session.
B0 Central Light & Power 8 50
50 Oceanic E-team«hip Co 66 75
20 Giant Powder 41 R7>4
f,O do do 42 00
60 Alaska Packers' Association 96 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 8S 25
50 Market-street Ry Co 62 12*4
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 07 ! 250 Hale & Norcrs.l 40
Mm \ndes 12 100 Justice 29
• 100 delcher 21 i 1 00 28
! 200 Best & Belcher. 32 6f.0 Mexican 36
I 100 31i4<MJOphir 70
I- > < aledonia 24;2iK) 71
100 Challenge 29 200 Overman 10
200 Chollar 45! 75 Sierra Nevada. .l7o
100 Con Cal & Va.. 81 iIOO I'nion Con 42
»m Gould & Curry.. 22100 Utah 11
300 23 1
Afternoon Session.
:,n Andes 11 ! 100 Justice 26
40 Best & Belcher. 29J500Ophlr 72
100 Bullion 07 i 300 Potosi 40
200 Caledonia 2."> , 100 41
1300 24 100 Sierra Nevada. .lßo
I. (hollar 48 100 175
4 Jon Cal & Va.. 80 100 Utah 10
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 071200 28
B w.' Alta 17 1200 Mexican 36
3' ii i Belcher 23 60u Ophir 70
400 22 snn Sierra Nevada. .170
TOO 21250 1 724
W0 Best & Belcher. 31 200 1 75
lUO Challenge Con.. 2H300 177^
3>iO Chollar 45 400 1 SO
$00 Con Cal & Va.. 81 400 Union Con 41
liKK) Con New York. 03|300 43
• " Male & Nrcrs.l 37'-s 2f>u Yellow Jacket.. 27
1100 JUBtlce 29 200 25
Afternoon Session.
700 Alpha Con 06J1200 25
2uo Belcher 20 100 Occidental ...2 72V4
300 21 200 Ophir 71
MHi Bullion 08 500 Overman 09
400 Caledonia 25 200 Potosi 40
300 26 400 Sierra Nevada.. lßo
100 Chollar 451300 182%
300 Hale & Nrcrs.l 37Mj|600 1 S5
600 Julia 02 250 1 87W
600 Justice 28 500 Union Con 43
700 27 500 44
400 26 200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March 29—4 p. m.
Bid. Auk. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 06 ol> Julia 01 02
Alta 16 lit Justice 24 25
Andes 11 12 Kentuck 03 04
Beirher 20 21 Lady Wash .. — 03
Benton Con .. — 25 ' Mexican 37 38
Best & Belchr. 31 33 [Occidental 2702 75
Bullion 07 08;Ophir 72 73
Caledonia 24 26 Overman 08 10
Chollar 45 4t!Potosi 40 41
Con <'al a- Va. SI (CiSavuge 24 25
Challenge Crti. 27 2K|Seg Belcher ..04 06
Confidence — 72 1 Scorpion 06 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. l 85 190
Crown Point ..23 24 Silver Hill 03 04
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 08
Eureka — 25 Standard 155 —
Exchequer — 06 Union Con .... 10 11
Gould & Curnt. 22 23 Utah 10 11
little & Norcrs.l 40 145 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
COMPANF.
Day of
Sale.
81
fn Point
r
Imperial
IB
A Belcher...
Cal.A Va....
■ & Norcroßß.
49
73
72
a
45
64
11
111
30
83
21
..Mar 8
..Mar 24
..Mar 2r
..Apr 1
..Apr 7
..Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr Ui
..Apr 'J
..Apr 1R
..Apr MM
..Apr 29 1
..Apr 4
..Apr I-
..Apr IS
..Apr 26
..Apr 2»
..May 8
..May a
..May 3
..May 4
..May 10
..May 11
..May ..
20
10
25
01
05
20
25
10
10
15
05
05
lental
d &, Curry
lon
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1? o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
"S7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22R1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. • -
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-^%^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. }*Lj\
Third Degree. ' v^ ,
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- J*
DAY) EVENING, March 30, at 7:31X2T
o'clock. Third Degree. /V *
THEODORE E. SMITH, Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and «
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) J*
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- Jv2C
gree. /V>
THEODORE FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M
M.— Degree 3d THIS (WEDNESDAY) _*\_
EVENING. March 30, at 7 o'clock. By TCJT
order of the Master. '^r *
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
BAY CITY Lodge 117, K. of P.. 223 2*
Sutter — The Grand Chancellor will «* J4&
officially visit this and other lodges. *j3O<Ky»
of the district at the above address MJ2JPS
on WEDNESDAY EVENING. March 30,
1898. The rank of Knight (Long form) will be
conferred. Visiting and brother Knights are |
Invited to be present.
( HAS. C. MORRIS, K. of R. & S.
MANZANITA Tribe No. 4, Improved nffjgSl^. j
Order of KPd Men Members are -=*H2£sp
notified to attend the funeral of 'tJl'w •
our deceased brother, WILLIAM FIELDS,
from his late residence, No. 217 Fair Oaks j
Ft., TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY) at 2 o'clock i
p. m. J. J. BRESLIX, Sachem.
L. RECKLESS, C. of R.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta,
Amador County, to deposit tailings In Dead-
man Creek, and from George Beattle, in the ]
Beattle mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam •
of the Gold Bug mine in Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
6!\ Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. IS9B. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10, second floor front.
MRS. BLAIR and assistant, massage and al-
cohol baths. 963 Mission St., parlors 17 and IS.
MISS BERTHA TROY, from Chicago, Turkish
baths, massage. 1015 Market bi., r. 17. 3d floor.
MISS LXLLIB STANLEY, manicuring and
alcohol baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
ANIMALS blrdi and reptile* bought, lotd
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected tor $4; collections made;
city or country. i'ACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery tit., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS ANDERSON, tmths. massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 I'ost St., room 3.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and ;ts-lstant, baths,
massage. 29 Grant aye. r room 5.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. lMj Turk and Ills Market, rms. 17,-16.
Miss SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet bath*. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
bathß. 120*4 Geary st.. room 11.
DIVinEM) NOTICES.
NOTICE to holders of "Valley Road" bonds —
The April coupons, bonds of the San Fran-
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway Com*
pany, will be paid on presentation at the
Bank of California, "Treasurer," on and after
April 1. IS9B. ALEXANDER MACKIE,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 26, 1898, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS XASfTKD-FEMALK.
i NEAT, competent corored girl desires situa-
tion as second girl or maid, $15; references.
MISS iTLLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
C< >MPETENT German working housekeeper
desires situation; good cook and seamstress,
$1:! to $15; references. MISS CULLEN, 325
SutU-r st.
COMPETENT infanfs nurse desires, situation;
6 years last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
i FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook d.-slros situation;
understands all branches of cooking; best ref-
arencea; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
i 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook, also a Swedish
second girl desire situations. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St. _
SWEDISH HOT'SEGIRL; good cook, strong
and willing; two years last place; $15 to $20;
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter
Bt., Tel. Green 721.
THOROUGHLY competent and Intelligent Ger-
man lady, very successful in running lodg-
ing-house or hotel, wishes to take charge of
one. Address MRS. JESSEN. 647 Mission St.
EXPERIENCED German lady with a child 11
years wishes a position as housekeeper or
general housework also. 802 Montgomery st.,
room 11.
YOUNG, strong Swedish girl would like to
assist in housework; wages $17. Please call
713 Central aye.
POSITION wanted by a respectable woman
with a child 8 months old; good references.
Address MRS. M. JOHNSON, room 8, Thfc
Newport, corner Oak and Franklin sts.
GIRL wishes to do housework; is willing and
obliging; has good references. Call at 31
Fourteenth St., near Folsom.
GERMAN girl wants situation for gpneral
housework and cooking; wages $20. Call at
2100 Steiner St., cor. of California.
YOUNG German lady wants a place for house-
keeping. 2100 Steiner st., cor. California.
WELL educated widow (German) wants posi-
tion as housekeeper or companion to Invalid
lady; cheerful and obliging; musical; refer-
ences. Address 2426 Sutter at., cc«r. Brodorick.
GIRL wishes situation to do housework and
cook; low wages; city references. 362 Jessie
Bt., near Fifth.
'■ AN experienced child's nurse with best refer-
ences wishes situation; able to take entire
charge from birth; wages $20 to $25. Call or
address 648 Waller st., cor. Scott, nr. Haight.
GERMAN lady would like to attend bakery:
has had experience. Address 20 Bruce place,
off Harrison aye., off Folsom, bet. 7th and Bth.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; will do
some washing. 230 Minna st.
AN experienced nurse wishes a position to take
full charge of Infant from birth or to take
carp of invalid: city or country. 11308 Pacific.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to take care of
children and assist. Please address or call
after 12 at 802 Montgomery st.. room 11.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission et., corner of
Seventh; room 10.
YOUNG lady just from the East wishes re-
spectable and desirable situation. Call or
address 246 Sixth Bt., room 5, first floor.
: AMERICAN woman wants place to do light
housework or cook in country. Address Mrs.
C. 839 Mission St., in basement.
NKAT, willing and obliging young girl to do
llgh housework; sleep home; Mission. Apply
for three days at 531 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework
or seoofid girl. Apply 9 Eugene aye., near
Thirtieth and Mission ets.
YOUNG, healthy wetnurse wishes position.
Call 2228 Pine st.
COMPETENT young girl wishes a situation to
do housework. Box 2714, Call office.
81. T: A.TIOP * WAN - ED-Contlnned.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagement
by the day; terms low. 28 Sixth st; all work
guaranteed.
EXPERIENCED invalid's nurse wishes posi-
tion; best of references. Apply 1304 Larkin st.
TWO ladies would take charge of a camp for
a party goln to Alaska. Box 2701, Call Office.
COMPETENT nurse wishes to take care of In-
sane patient or invalid. 1746 Hyde st.
DANISH girl wants work by the day; plain
washing, housecleaning, etc. 1331 Fulton st.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements,
$1 60; dresses made over. L.. 1941 Mission st.
WANTED— Situation to do general housework
or chamberwork. 403 Third st.
WOMAN wishes position to do housekeeping
or plain sewing. 129 Taylor St., room 5.
SITUATION wanted by a stenographer and
typewriter; city or country; salary moderate.
Address box 2678. Call office.
SITUATION by young woman to assist In
housework or as chambermaid In hotel or
boarding-house. Address box 2679, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Please call at 426^ Hayes st.; no
postals.
EDUCATED and refined lady will give services
in light housework and sewing In return for
good home; small salary. Box 2684. Call.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
cpoking; best of reference. 2523 Pine st.
YOUNG woman, neat and reliable; good cook.
wishes to go to Klondike; strictly business.
Box 2688. Call Office.
GERMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St.. telephone Main 5332.
furnishes most reliable help of all natlonall-
1 1 es.
FIkST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
enlargements; price $1 25. Address 1073V6
Market st.
SCHOOLGIRL wants work In small family for
a home; Oakland preferred. Address box
2667, Call office.
WANTED— General housework and plain cook-
ing by good German girl. Call at 1803 Post.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation for general
housework. Address 1135 Florida Bt.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 u(j; dresses made over; suit* made Jn 2
days. L.. 1941 Mission St.
AMERICAN w..man wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on a ranch; best of references.
1920 Howard St., top floor.
SITUATION wanted by trained nurse with 11
years' experience in confinement cases; few
more engagements desired as visiting nurse
or by the week or month; terms reasonable.
M>2 Shotwell st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements for dressmaking or plain sew-
ing at her home or by the day; work guar-
anteed; terms reasonable. 802 Shotwell st.
CAPABLE woman wants a position as house-
keeper and seamstress in a hotel or a wealthy
family or matron in some Institution; can j
make herself nenenilly useful in a family; !
no objection to a hotel in the country"; will |
furnish the very best of references. Call or j
address MISS BOLTESCHOOL, 2318 Call-
fomla st.^
WANTED— By an experienced middle-aged
woman, a position as housekeeper in a coun-
try hotel or Institution; references. Box 2641.
Call office /■
YOUNG lady would like office work 3 or 4 ■
hours dally. Address box 2631. Call office.
WANTED— Position as chambermaid or house-
keeper. Call or address 310 Sixth at.
POSITION as chambermaid in country resort'
or hotel. Box 2600, Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, situation
as working housekeeper: no objection to
children. Call or address 573 Minna st.
RELIABLE woman wants position as house-
keeper; city or country; no objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WEST, 15 Hyde st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
Siaii Howard st.. room 8.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box !
2053. Call office. j
WANTED— By respectable first-class woman.
home and work In good Christian family; i
American preferred; honest and reliable; more '
for home than wages; Is good nurse. 17
Third St., room 7. '
SITUATIONS v\ AKTKO-MAIiB.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
UF.KT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
CHINESE and Japanese testab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main MOT. BRAPLET & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Chin.--' Employm't Office; choice
help; tel Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Gearv gt.
JAPAM.S;. Emi oytn't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsilnp Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422. j
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414H O' Fan-ell St.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted In private fami'y by a
young, honest and willing man as houseman;
understands gardening; handy with tools;
best of references. Address TONY, 3O'.t Sutter.
SITUATION wanted by No. 1 watchmaker; IS
years' experience: city or country. Address
box 2697, Call office.
GOOD tailor cutter wishes situation. Address
L. C.i 310 Montgomery aye., room 19.
YOUNG man wishes employment in hotel, gro-
cery, bar or private family, or at any thing
that Is legitimate; have had years of experi-
ence, am a hustler, strictly sober and reli-
able, can furnish best of reference, also cash
security if required; do not object to the
country; good home wanted more than wages:
four years with last employer; a trial Is all I
ask to prove that I am worthy. Please ad-
dress box 2715, Call office.
COACHMAN U>ane) wishes situation as coach-
man and gardener; has flrst-claBS city and
country references; 3 years' references from
last place. Driver, box 2698, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and greenhouse man
wants situation; understands care of horses
and catile; looking more for home than high
wages: good references. 268 Minna St.
BOOKKEEPER wishes employment as book-
keeper or cashier; has experience and the
best of reference. Address box 2713. Call.
SITUATION wanted; German young man
(waiter) and wife for country hotel or sum-
mer resort. Box 2605 Call Office.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as
waiter and housework In a family; has city
reference. TOM, 53 Minna St., rear.
SITUATIONS wanted by men doing gold and
silver plating work. Box 2700 Call Office.
MAN, aged 82, wants position In grocery store
or commission house; could help with books
and make himself useful; flrst-olaas refer-
ences. Address WILLIAM HARRISON, 2324
Charming way, Berkeley.
MAN About Place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 274 a, Call.
WAG'iSMAKER would like work at trade or
any other kind of position; sober and Indus-
trious. Address 2671, Call office.
BARBER wants situation; experienced.
JEFF'S, 309 Sutter St.; city or country.
WANTED — By a young man of good address,
work of any kind; will work one week free
if not satisfactory. Address box 26J0, Call.
ANY kind of position by young man; four
years' clerical experience In city; highest
references. C. T., 4 Cottage Row, City.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, aged 25, desires
position; can furnish references. Box 2672.
Call ciftlce.
CHINESE cook wishes a situation In family
or boarding house: city or country; refer-
ences. Address MAY, 729 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work; city
or country. Box 2677, Call office.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, small
washing, cooking; city or country: references;
$6, $7. $8 per week. W. S. F., 615% Dupont st.
MARRIED man, age 34, wants situation as col-
lector, assistant bookkeeper or shipping clerk;
can give best or references and bonds. Ad-
dress G. H., box 2680. Call office.
BARBER, first-claes man, 29 years of age,
married, wants steady work In first-class
shop; city or country. Address LAMBERT,
648 Minna st.
JAPANESE young man, first-class cook, wants
situation; city or country; good wages: many
good references. A. 8., box 6, Call, Oakland.
MAN thoroughly conversant with toy, fancy-
goods and notion business wants employment
as house or road salesman; speaks English
and German; could also act as office man.
Address box 2094, ("all office.
EXPERIENCES collector, age 26. married,
strictly sober and responsible, good refer-
ences, wishes situation. Box 2668, Call office.
GERMAN farmer and wife wants to take
charge of orchard or stock ranch, or take
ranch on shares. Address box 2675, Call office.
SITUATION Wanted— Office man of extensive
experience, bookkeeper, etc. : high capacity
and references; start low salary where ad-
vancement can be earned. Box 2581, Call.
COMPETENT ccnipositor wants work In non-
union office; city or elsewhere. Address box
2033. Call office.
EXPERIENCED elderly pork butcher and sau-
sage maker, good curer, wants situation; city
or country. Box 2561, Call office.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2653, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 tc $6
week; convenient und respectable; free 'bus
and taggage to and from fer-y. ,
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HEAD waitress. Santa Cruz, $30; call early. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
HEAD waitress, nice country resort, $25 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
2 WAITRESSES. $20 and room: chambermaid
and wait, $20; 2 more waitresses. Catallna
Island; 3 waitresses. Southern California,
$20; waitress, Truckee, $20; waitress, Monte-
rey, $20; 3 restaurant waitresses, $5; lunch
waitress, $2 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
COOK, country hotel, $40; cook, country, $25,
fare returned; cook, few boarders, $20. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary rt.
GIRL, Suisun, fare paid, $IS. see party here:
girl, Belvedere, $20, see party here; German
cook. J25; family cook, $25; 5 house girls. $20;
laundry and housework, no cooking, $25, call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country, $20; 2 girls, city, as
chambermaids and waitresses, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO girls or women, institution, $20 each;
chambermaid and waitress and assist kitchen.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
CATHOLIC young girl as nurse. $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN second girl, $25; 2 second girls. $25
and $20; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, San Jose. 2 in family. $25:
Santa Clara, $25; San Rafael. $20; Belvedere.
$20; U housework girls, city. $25 and 120;
S young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl, housework, $20, country, fare
paid. MISS CULLKN. 32.". Sutter St.
PASTRY cook, private boarding house, $35; S
waitresses, $20 and $25: neat girl for cooking !
and some housework, $25; 3 second girls, $20
and $25; 2 American and French nurses, $20 •
and $25; chambermaid, plain sewing, $20; 4
COOkft, German style. $25 and $30: and girls
for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— French or German cook, $40; Ger-
man cooks. ?25 and $30; second girl, not too
young, assist with one child. $20; second girl,
$L'o; laundress and chambermaid, $2">; lunch
waitress. $2 60 a week; housework, $25. LEON
ANDRE. 316 Stockton St.
NUMBER of houseflrll for Oakland. San Ra-
fael, Alameda and Berkeley. $20 to $25: alao
2 good cooks, $25 to $30, city. MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter St.
COOK, institution, city, $25; cook, boarding-
house. $3.0; 25 girls ior general housework,
$15, $20 and $25; second girl, $25; nurse, $20:
number of girls to assist. $12 to $15. Apply
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
LADIES, attention: — Do you wish to secure
lucrative commercial positions, bookkeepers,
cashiers, clerks, stenographers, typewriters,
matrons, housekeepers, salesladies, millin-
ers, seamstress, candy-makers, shop help?
If you accept a posit'on and work a month
or so and wish to change for another there
in no additional expense; one year's service
with the right to accept or reject positions
until suited; managed by ladies. 313 Bush.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
5 SALESLADIES, new store, experienced |n
notions, hosiery and gloves. 1023 Market St.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladies for department store: office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
HKI.Ki'T Ladles' Clerks' Exchange: strictly
confidential in Its operations; bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 101S Wash-
ington st.. Oakland.
OFFICE VV.r. 2:. cents less; girls of all na-
tionalities to fill various positions. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
WAITRESS E S , $2rt7~country] HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
AN honest, reliable woman for housework,
washing, cooking, etc.; wages, $15; must
have city references; in family of 3. Apply
only between 2 and 4 p. m. Wednesday at 420
Dolores St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
WANTED — Thoroughly first-class millinery
saleswoman to take charge of a department;
state experience and salary expected. Bux
2694. Call Office.
WANTED — First-class dressmaker, must be a
good fitter and draperess.- as partner with a
ladies' tailor; must have some money. Ad-
dress S. U.. rail office, Oakland.
WANTED— An alteration lady on cloaks and
suits; state age, experience, references, sal-
ary. Address box -71:'. Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework; two and
baby in family; references. Call between 9
and 12, 2042 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GirI to cook and do housework for
family of 4; must be a good cook and neat.
Inquire at 2705 Buchanan st.
MIDDLE-AGED housekeeper for widower's
family; wages $12. Apply at 247 Eleventh St.,
b?t. 9 and 12 a. m.
WA NTH! 'First-class pants finisher. 270
Stevenson St., up stairs, bet. Third and
Fourth sts.
WANTED— Finishers on pants. Apply 227
Fifth st.
WANTED— Errand girl for dressmaking; also
apprentice. 121 Post st., room 45.
FIRST-f'LASS finisher on custom pants. Ap-
ply at 136 Natoma st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and
cooking. 2802 Pine st.
WANTED— A girl for second work and wait-
Ing. 1307 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply
2013 Bush st.
AN apprentice for dress making; good sewer.
540 Ellis Bt.
EXPERIENCED shirt-waist hands. M. J.
Keller Company, 1105 Broadway, Oakland.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15; apply
after 9 a. m. 925 Fulton st.
WANTED— An elderly lady to do housework.
Apply 233 Natoma st.
WANTED — Experienced skirt and waist hands
for dressmaking. 1022 Market st.
GIRL, U or 16. for light housework; $8. 1410
Hyde st.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced talloresa
on custom coats. 272 Seventh st. •
WANTED— First-class finisher and apprentice
on custom-made coats. 76 Harriet st.
YOUNG ladies for drapery and fancy sales.
1030 Market St.
H1«;U School assistant, English branches, $55.
FISK TEACHERS' AGENCY, 420 Parrott
building.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Apply
1535 Santa Clara aye., between Paru and
Stanton Bts., Alameda.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking,
family 3. $15. IS26A Sutter st.
WANTED — Lady to take orders for articles of
dally consumption: salary and commission.
Box 2674, Call office.
GIRL to do general housework. Apply at 6
Chelsey place, off Bush St., near Powell; call
after 10 a. m.
APPRENTICE for halrdresslng wanted at 111
Stockton st.
GIRL for general housework; understands
cooking. 45 Liberty st.
GENERAL housework; good home; wages $8.
Call 621 Haight M
YOUNG Klri for cooking and general house-
work. Call 1628 gutter Bt.
LADY solicitor wanted; mtttl be good talker.
a. S. <'.. i>ox 14. Call office.
APPRENTICE tmnted (experienced) on cus-
tom coats. M 9 Fifth si.
lOfi ELEVENTH Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ada taken.
WANTED Experienced shirt operators and
operators on buttonhole machines. EAGLE-
SON & CO., 535 Market St.
TOUNQ clrl for general housework; jmaJl
family. 119 Broderick at.
WANTED — Bright woman looking for business
opening: must use good language and dress
neatly. Box 27r.0. Call office. __
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; a few Inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fre-
mont st.
ROOMS, 25c to $1 day; $1 50 to $4 week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh St.. Girard House.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttinc School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
HALE HELP WASTED.
HEAD cook, $50; baker, $40; second cook. $30,
for a country hotel, see party here: head and
second cooks, country hotel, $60 and $40; head
cook, country hotel, $60; second cook, hotel,
$70; cook, small hotel. $30; 3 first-class wait-
ers for European plan, $35; 2 waiters, arm
work, country hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry OOOk, hotel. $40. C. R.
HANSEN & 0.>.. 104 Oeai? t.
COLORED waiter, with clr.-ss suit, for country
hotel, $25 and fare advanced. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT bell boy. wth good references; porter,
with Rood references; up stairs porter, hotel
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
CHIROPODIST and corn doctor; must be a
gentleman of good habits; to take charge of
a first-class established practice; no rent
For particulars apply Jn person to C R.
I HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt. |
HELP WASTED- Con tinned.
OFFICE man with references, $50. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
ENGINEER and machinist who can run a
small plant; a nice city place; steady work;
$65. C. R. HANBEN' & CO.. 104 Geary at.
PLUMBER for a spring hotel.' $2 a day and
found; see party here. C. R. «Ai\»t..> &
CO., 104 Geary st. .
CIRCULAR sawyer, country sawmill. $«0 and
found: 4 woodchoppers. $1 2o a cord. Scandi-
navian milker for Oregon. $-■-; milker. .»_..
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A— SEVEN cooks; ■ — ♦ ! ' alter "i
1 clerk, hotel; — 1 laundryman.
4 dishwashers" — ■ — and other
hotel he"J ? MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agent*. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 6B9 MEN wanted to-day for different <-«"«
from $15 to $90 per month and found. SILK-
BAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— EMPLOYERS of help! - — —
If your present help is unsatisfactory try help
sent from Murray & Ready, they supply, free
of charge, the best experienced help to be
obtained In California. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay
■ et.; telephone. Main 6848.
A— 4s COAL miners, pitching vein, can make
$3 50 to $4 a day; 326 woodchoppers, different
places; 886 tie makers, different places; 8
milkers; 2 butter makers. MURRAI &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay Bt. -'-U
COAL MINERS— 2O coal miners for steady
work, see employer here; farmers; milkers;
cook, small country hotel. $25: driver for
milk route in city. $20 and found, and oth-
ers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced clerk for nice room-
ing house In Oakland; unexceptional refer-
ences required; salary $10 per week and
room: apply in person only. W. D. EWER
.v CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Neat middle-aged Catholic man as
nurse for boys in Infirmary department of an j
institution; references required; $20 per
month, room, board and washing. W. D.
EWER A CO., KM Clay st. ___^
WANTED— Mechanical draughtsman. $3 a day;
stair builder, $3 50 a day: gardener, $3'">:
metal worker; choreman for ranch, $15; 15
coal miners by day or contract;, 2 woodchop- '
pers.. $1 25 per cord, and others. Apply to J. j
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook, $30: pastry cook, $30: j
hotel waiter, $25; restaurant waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
WANTED— COOK, lunch house, country, $40;
night cook, chop house, $30; broiler. $60: :
Waiter, $30; young man, country boarding-
house, $15; German gardener, $2f>; dairyman, i
private place. $30; dishwasher, $30, etc.
AN" I iRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
2 MINERS for Monterey County, $50 and i
board; 20 coal miners, $2 50 a day. or by the
ear; waiter, country restaurant. $20 and
room: waiters, country hotel, $30. R. T.
WARD & CO.. 608 and '610 Clay st.
PASTRY cook, city, $35. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st.
FOR Seattle branch cash business, young busi-
ness man as partner. 313 Bush Bt.
! BRIGHT, active young business man as man- i
aging partner; cash business; Stockton. 313
Bush st.
MAN ano! wife, position of trust, $80: charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st.
STATE agent: control of agents and some
knowledge of bookkeeping. 313 Hush Bt.
WANTED — Two discharged motormen who
formerly were employed by the Market-street
Railway Company. Call between 8.30 and
9:30 a. m. at room 719, 927 Market st.
WANTED — Salesman: one familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business; give reference, ex-
perience and wages expected; none others
need apply. Box 2f,9'i Call Office.
WANTED— Stenographer, a young man 17 to
20 years of age, to do office, and outside '
work; small salary. Address In handwriting, i
I. O. Box IMti. City.
WANTED— A strictly first-class dress goods I
man to take charge of a department. Ap- j
;>ly f>23 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3:30 p.m. !
WANTED — Experienced salesman and buyer
for laces, embroideries and ribbons: state ex- I
perience and salary expected. Box 2694. Call, j
WANTED— An experienced salesman and buy-
er for a small ware department. Address
Box 2094 Can Office.
YOUNG man to travel for city wholesale
house: $120 a month. J. W. MULLINS, P. O.
Box 8463.
SIX ship carpenters for Stockton shipyards.
Call W. R. RIDEOUT. 632 Market st, rm. 8.
WANTED— Piano player for country. Call at
28 Pacific st. MRS. WEBSTER'S.
PIANO player for country who sings: $30 and '
found. Address W. E. RICE, Vallejo.
EXPERIENCED city canvasser to Interview
merchants. Box 2695, Call Offl.-e. j
DOT wanted to work in bakery; one with lit-
tle experience. Apply IS6 Hayes st.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. SSI Geary st.
WO PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half i-rire; half soling 35.C. 959 Howard St.
SAILORS and ordinary' seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINE chance for young man to learn the vet-
erinary profession; small pay to start with.
Buzard's Veterinary Hospital, 2128 Market st.
WANTED — A reliable man to take care of
horses and work around premises. Apply
FRED FISCHER, cor. 26th and Sanchez sts.
PARTNER wanted; good bargain; barber for
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. 701 Lar-
kin st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart st.
A SOBER, willing man who Is good with
horses, handy about a place and especially
with carpenter's tools, and who will keep
his work in first-class shape without super-
vision: no one who does not wish a perma-
nent position need apply: send recommenda-
tions. Address B. S., Belmont, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
WANTED— Two good canvassers. Call be-
tween S and 9 a. m. at 22 Post St. THE SIN-
GER MANUFACTURING CO.
MARKET, 863H (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
124 c, 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1, $1 25.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting of flee. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; t
nights 25c or 7oc week. 105 New Montgomery.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 •■.hlrd Lt. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to leai.i barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth st.
WINCH KSTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free "bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Eilis— -looms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
■week. LindeH House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and"
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2.c a night: SI a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat HaJstead's
great Cuba book; all about Cuba, Maine,
Spain and war; great excitement; every ona
buys it: one agent sold 87 In one day; an-
other made $13 in one hour; 600 pages; mag-
nificent Illustrations, photographs, etc. ; low
price; we guarantee the most liberal terms-
Freight paid; 20 days' credit; outfit free;
send 10 2-cent stamps to pay postage THE
TUIU.K HfU-SK. r;?4 p-arnorn St.. Chicago.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTY with $100; pllt-edge proDosltlon;~Sui£
able for lady: Investigate. Box 2821. Call.
ROOMS . AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady well advanced in music wishes a
place where there Is a piano, to do light
housework in exchange for board and the
privilege of practicing on piano: if desired
lessons will be taken away from the house"
Address box 2683. Call office. *
INSTRUMENTAL or vocal lessons given In
S-\B ha^*f, f ° « rOOm or board :' Address box
fcO.v, (_ till oincc
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED- 100 goats for feeding till ■llTmli
, Address the Zoo. Chutes, city. ~r~
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. -
PAWXBROKER-Old gold, silver. : cast-off
I - clothing bought. ■■ Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third.
rKnsoy.%l3.
GFOROF M »
18 from «> "* • un"""u n"""
640 Howard i«i . '*' ""«'•
ON AND i «'» M
by my wire. ■"■ a
TEDDIE-OM letter all H«ht. no «M.c-«:
please sen.: it. P- A. . - - . J
MATRIMONIAL^ _^
ALL seeking 10c ■*"''. *"T' '*'-,".
March •We.idlni Bj •'• •^■ r V_!'_
quired. F ■: ■ ■ L_ -.
BUSINESS PEHSON.II>- _^
' I AM  . -
! for the rush; baadrw£«£«£ "£}£ -4a\^-
sl. best. tim-!«t quality. $3 •*. extra jgVnfcl
long. $5 open Sun-laya frora V to IJ. v#.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton »t. . ■___
M\|| JAY. palmist, removed from *06 Jo»e« :
at. to 36V» Geary: - to 8 p. m. ■ • . •■
i QUINONIA Hair Tonic If nlwayi. bf-ne^ual::;
try It. G. LEDERER. Ul Stockton »t. ■■ -..-
ELECTRIC lights in every room: \v-incJ,e«teT« :
House. 44 Third st.. nr Market. .00 n.wm,
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 80 to $< per : .
free bus and baggage to ■nj_^?-— — 1-1-^. 2
MRS. JOHNSON, experlpnced "'■"■*"«• *tSfK4'i
trlcal water treatment; cftlcv i". us i-'» n »"
avenue. v -■■* •" ;: :
BADGES, photo, and badge button*. ."}■»'*» *|J:;.
San Francisco at Eastern prices. «ALTW»
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay >t.. S. F. '_ r ..^_, \'[
PAINTING, papering Until whltenlnK ' at •
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, l^y^bster.^
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits so orde*-.
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome^st. ■ m --\__
AGENT wanted to take orders f&r r h«nt •
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. U^^trny^ : ;
TRUNKS moved. 25c! Commercial Tliuwtec •
Co., 22 Stockton st. : phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy lr>sta.ln:<mt». L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market «t.. '■• 71 h ■'■*':
I>Kl>S>! KEM. r
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French TaUorlajr.
College. 916 Market st. ■ ■■ /) • <
MMi: GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, styllslj dreeiwj.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rtn. W.
O6 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub"
Bcriptions and want n'\" taken. _^
CLAIKVOVA.VrS.
MRfCI'K F. CLARK, the distinguished traw<"»
clairvoyant and medium; while entrarceM th<i
will reveal every hidden mystery In llftt; sii»
will show you how to overcome your «n»>nl*»,
remove family troubles, restore lost .iff<f«
tions; unites the separate, recover* lo«t,
stolen or burled property; locates treasure*,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, prevent
and future, while in ■ perfect trance. Hf-urs
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular wit!t
special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms)
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Btxth._
MME PORTER, wonderful clalnoyant cart 1 ,-
reader: born double veil and second Bight J
diagnoses disease; full life reading; lie* 50a,
gents $1: palm. and clalrv.; sit. tl&O. 12« Turk.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader »nd
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120W Geary at.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant anij
water reader. 921 V4 Mission; German >pok«n.
TOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c: gents
2Sc. 221 S,lxth st. <
ALICE FAY. cabinet baths; magnetic heal^ri
hours Ito 6. 32 Lewis St.. off Jonea nr Post.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 215 Kearny St.. room
2; mind-reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123 M; Sixth St.. room 14.
GYPSY life reader gives correct arr,*rern ta
all questions: L., 25c; G., SOc; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 2Sc up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISE.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance; Wed. eve.; 50c. 322' O'Farrell st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings.
$1; circles Tues.. 2; Sat, eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES. independent ' slate-writing me-
dium, US Haight st. . •
MRS. SHRINEK. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium., for
messages and advice. 21 S Stockton at. ' ' *
HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec.
S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics re-
moved to 247 Larkin St.. corner McAllister;
10 a. m. to 4 p. m. Dr. S. Turman. President.
■
EDUCATIONAL. 4
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges: accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Fhelan building.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st. }
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar*
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School:- civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day ft eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market.
SPANISH professor. Sefiora de Velez, teaches
grammatically with pure Castillan pronun-
ciation. 145S Sacramento st.
BOOKKEEPING ami rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
"thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 50a a lea-
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
WEBSTER. 2H>7'-— Piano teacher; studied lit
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 124 positions in '96; 103 In *97.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MART WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture. piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109. Taylor st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviea,
true friends of all invalids, met. and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fail; delicacy, pri\a.\v. home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; tree; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES, ii
McAllister St.; pills. J2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: sa'e
and sure at any time; kind sympathy anil
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinements
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going c! **"
where; regulating pills and capsules. Jl-
MRS. DR. WEYTH. SIS Post st.. nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Nee* H ve. -Ladles.
near or far, consult free tl. "_ r wn JJ
uses Schenck 1 ? method, the celebrated * renca
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure raff
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organ*, unex-
celled; 15 years' practice: maternity Home;
best skill, iow fees: pills, $:'.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with pest
possible care; with prti !ne an , d con "
venlence of a hospital: th' -- Blc . k °J" discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a trua friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st
SURE cureTVhen others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never falls; consujta-
tton free; can be sent ani used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restore" ir.star.tly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at of-
fice. $5; consultation free; hours 10 io 5. DX.
AND MRS. KOHL, lltt Market st.
A BOON to wives ami mother*— Segnro; price
tl 50. RICHARDS A CO.. 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp fur particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
Al PK VI" S French pills, a boon to ladies wltli
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express CO P.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Afrents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES -Mrs. Dr. Pueta: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 3S years' experience. 254>A Fourth st.
DR. "HALL. S McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME in confinement: diseases nf women.
MHS. DR. FTNKE, 141« Sth st.. A'ameda.
FI'HMTIRE WAJITED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1» Mont-
1 Bomery at. : btshest Dzicea caJd. T*l. Di»l« rulUtINESj CHANCES.
BAKERY and confectioners', established for
the last 30 years, doing a rushing store bus:
ness: only Bret-class cash customers; no low
prices; the best location in this city; living
rooms; rent low; buyers given a trial; no
better place in the market; investigate; you
will find a bargain- WILKE, 783 Market st.
$225— PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market st. ; doing first-class paying business;
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE
783 Market st.
A—s4so;A — $450; corner saloon on San Bruno road,
with 3 living rooms; rent $20; good paying
place and stock worth the money. WILKE
_ 753 Market st. '
$1250— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon, close to
banks and leading hotels; average dally re-
ceipts $22; rent $50. lease; no night work- i
actual value $2000; own*-r to retire and goir.e
on hie ranch. Call WILKE. 753 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store in
Mission; 3 living rooms; rent $15; daily re-
ceipts from JS to $10; a first-class offer
V ILKE, 753 Market Bt.
$500— PARTNER wantedln old established cor-
ner saloon, doing a first-class paying busi- I
ness; very best location in wholesale district-
only honest and industrious man need an-
ply. WILKE, 7t>3 Market st. . v !
$:*-RE?TAURAXT and coffee saloon; close to
3 theaters: doing a rushing business; no cheap
prices; must sacrifice; partners can't agree
Call WILKE. >. Market st. agree.
A $600 INVESTMENT Will enaWe you to
clear at least $175 per month; convincing
proof; neat, clean and legitimate; no previous
experience; any bright man can manage it
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A PAYING country hotel for sale, including
building and lot, 75x150; 26 rooms, bar, par-
lors, etc.; SO miles from city; lively town; no
competition; must be sold; make offer.
LESS, 765 Market St.
. $SOO— CORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket st.; value in sight; big bar trade; this
offer means a great sacrifice. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in well-paying restau-
rar.t; central; owner tired of unreliable help;
trial given to suitable party. Apply to M.
LE.-b, .■". Market st.
A $3000 INVESTMENT will enable you to clear
at least $200 per month; besides you get full
value in sight; this offer is open to investi-
gation from top to bottom; can have trial be-
fore buying; the business needs no experi-
ence; any live man can manage it success-
fully; It is perfectly legitimate and means a
gentleman's occupation. If in earnest apply
to M. LESS. 765 Market St.
BUTCHERS, attention— let. a flrst-clasa
butcher shop, now running in finest market
of city; established 20 years; dally receipts
$150 to $190; will make rent reasonable; must
be good man; this offer means getting into
an Al business for nothing. Apply to M.
■ LESS. 765 Market st.
A— ssso: 200 masquerade and theatrical cos-
tumes: well-located business; est. 1575; good
chance for bright woman. KREDO & CO..
224 Geary at.
A—s2so;A — $250; confectionery and Icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO.. 22V4
Geary st.
$2000— FLORIST; 2-acre nursery; glassed; com-
plete assortment choice flowers; pot plants.
KItEIKi & CO.
$225— SALOON; fine corner; side entrance; eas-
ily worth $6CO; receipts $15 daily. KREDO
& CO.
WE can sell your business quick for cash.
PACIFIC EXCHANGE. 995 Market st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in a first-class sa-
loon; no experience required; good chance for
steady man. Apply PACIFIC EXCHANGE,
595 Market st.
$500— SALOON: bargain; leaving for Klondike.
Mclaughlin &co 23 Kearny st.
$450— MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging-
house: bargain cm account of departure, llc-
LAUGIILIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
A— s4so; WELL-PAYING corner grocery and
bar.
1 $200— For a good-paying saloon.
$350— One-half interest in good restaurant.
And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries,
at ANDERSON & CO. 'B. 777 Market st.
$1200— WOOD, coal, feed and boarding stable;
partners for Klondike, owns the ship, $1000;
meat market. Western Addition. $1000: res-
taurant on East St., $400. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
$250 — PARTNER wanted In a first-class res-
taurant that will pay $75 to each; this is a
chance for a good man. Apply B. CURRAN.
2J6S Minna st. ;
$50 AND board; reliable man with $150 wanted
as partner In an establish cash business;
rood team. For particulars address CLARK,
Box 604. San Rafael, Cal.
$700 CASH — Good paying business; branch
bakery, notions, cigars and laundry; old es-
tablished; no agents. Box 26. Call branch
office. 106 Eleventh st.
$12/.— SALOfUf and four ljving rooms; rent $10;
good location; satisfactory reasons for sell- ',
ing. Inquire LEMLE LEVY CO.. 265 Third.
DRUG* wanted; physician desires to
purchase Ptore or learn of good location for
store in city. Box 2806, Call Office.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; rent
reasonable. 290 Third avenue, cor. Clement,
take Sutro car.
PAYING laundry route; horse, wagon, etc.;
must Bell. Inquire 2SS2 Sixteenth st., 12 to L
k or after 3p. m.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel salon, stock,
fitting, fixtures-, pianoforte; 130 Seventh St.,
near new PostoffiVe site; no agents.
DOWNTOWN saloon for sale. Apply at 412
Market st.
CIGAR-STORE, good location. Inquire at 1426
Polk St., near California. |
FOR — Restaurant and chophouse; best
location; opposite the ferries. IS East st.
WANTED — A partner in good paying shoe re-
pairing shop. Inquire at Call Office.
FOR sale A shoe store. 427 Fourth st.
BAIXKlN— Corner, good location, south of Mar-
ket st.; side rooms: very reasonable; a bar-
gain. Box 2657, Call office.
15c LUNCH parlor, peats 43; doing good busi-
r.f-ss: cheap; investigate. Box 2GS9 Call office.
WANTED— buy half interest in hay and
feed business; no agents. Box 2CSS, Call.
FOR .SALE— Grocery and bar, in good location.
Inquire 730 Minna st. for three days.
SALOON — Good business: must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire 2006 Fillmore st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PARTNER wanted In first-class saloon; best
opening In the city. 33 Third st.
GROCERY and bar: 3 living rooms; $18; must
be Bold to-day; cheap, "'. Howard st.
$60 BUYS grocery and bar; owner sick; must
tell. 119 Seventh St. : .
$C5 — ON account of sickness this nice business,
milk, epßs, butter, bread, candy and notions,
- two pleasant living rooms in rear of store, i
nicely furnished for housekeeping. If you
want a 'bargain call at 1145 Folsom st?
GENTLEMAN* with $1000 to engage In fine-pay-
ing business: 200 per cent on money Invested; ]
fortune to right man; first-class reeommenda-
: tions required. Address box 2664. Call office.
GOOD-PAYING lie shop for sale; good loca-
tion. Corner Sacramento st. and Central aye.
WANTED — To buy good will of country sa-
locn. Box 2555. Call office.
4 SAN FRANCISCO lots to trade; perfect title;
also good restaurant. 12 Eighth st.
CORNER saloon; good stock of liquors and
' cigars; barsain. 243 Fourth st.
FOR Bale— Business of the late John Gross;
oldest established candy factory and ice
cream parlors in San Joaquln County. Ad- !
dress 25 North El Dorado St.. Stockton, Cal. j
WANTED— Home in private family for boy 4
'•ears old: must be thoroughly first class; !
state particulars; no other children. Box
2725. Call. j
»700- BARGAIN; good paying grocery business ; i
living-rooms; central location. M. E., box 102, |
Call Office-
RENT Good paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture: rt_dy_boarder»". ISO 6 Market *■
FOR gale— Good-paying grocery store. For par-
ticulars icallatJo£_Sansome_st.
CORNER saloon for sale on account a' death;
cheap. 1121 Harrison St.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant: average $18 per
day; tjrlaJj^M___242j _^i_!_Li___-___
FOR sale— One or the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk '••
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Rerist'd Pat.
Agents; estaStolwd US. tt) Pine St.. city.
'PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at S Third St.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' 3. 415 Sacramento st.
LARK IN — Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and -rant ads taken.
attorneys AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: prlvaw;
no fee without success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale.' Patents,
trademarks, etc: established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
\V. W. DAVIDSON. H27 Market St.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented: few partly
used for SRle cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
TOST Rood order. $25; send for sample work.
BCOTT & LAN NAN, 333 Montgomery •_-.:•:-.;-;
.ALASKA ENTERPRISES.*
ALASKA Gold Fields Dispatch Association
beats everything to Dawson and all Alaska
points; next messenger leaves on Queen
April 5; beat any other mall 2 months; exe-
cute trusts; letters $1. 652 Parrott building.
KLONDIKERS, your outfit ie of no value with-
out a Eureka patented portable gold washer;
do not fail to take one along; you get more
_ gold than you can carry. 819 Bush st.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Daweon can, on the way up. . work out $100
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
The Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 631 Washington.
FINE Esquimaux dog for Alaska. Inquire
Cosmopolitan Saloon, Third and Townsend.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238 Flllmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIPS Sale Yard. 1730 Market Bt.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-41S Jackßon Bt.
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers. galling vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO.. successful brokers, 22H Geary.
4S rooms; best in city $2,000
26 rooms; Market; a give away 450
23 rooms; all housekeeping; make offer.. 700
17 rooms, near Plaza: always full 650
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate: snap 400
12 rooms; Market; boarding; clears $75.... 675
11 rooms; Ninth; clears $50: bonanza 400
10 rooms; Ellis: new and good 300
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
«i;oo__8O ROOMS: clears S150; $800 cash, balance
time; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22& Geary st.
15-ROOM house, new furniture: price only. s 300
23-room house; corner on Fifth st 800
22-room house: new and good 750
21 rooms: fine location: only 75
85 rooms: rent $200; good furniture 2500
110-room house: clears $3."0 6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
12 rooms, r,n O'Farrell; clears $50 500
16 rooms; new and good 800
1 32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2SiW
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
BEDROOM set, 2 carpets and folding bed. Call
bet. 2 and 5. 7-0 Leavenworth st.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for |6
cash nn.l $« per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in tr «od second-hand uprights upon same easy
merits and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
J per month. BHERMAN, ''LAY & CO..
Btelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bta.. San Frar.i-isco. and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
2>5. 2S and ?0 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
ard all other musical Instruments of all
grades ant' prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONT ' ;. iano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
; Twenty others st all prices.
BENT. CURTAZ ft BON, 16-20 OTaiTSll.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 763 Market; agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER &■ CO. Fyron Mau:y. Newby. Evans.
Brißtrs and other planes; see our rent pian;
no Interest first year. 303, 310. 312 Pr^t st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
PIANOFORTE; bargain; square grand; want
r; must sell. ISO Seventh St.
180 EASTERN piano for sale on $5 install-
ments. 221 Leavenwirth st.
A-sl<>;>; FINE lar(?e upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3, 120 A Edd} St.
FINE upripht cheap; for rent or Installments.
16 McAllister St.. next to Hlbernia Bank.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. Jl6 Post st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. (71 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLEB & CHASE. M OFarrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LI.ER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60.000 strong plants for sale: Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100. |
$1 75 per 50: Golden Gate, California, Marie I
Louise and Swanley White. $2 per 100, $1 25
per 50. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3 j
feet high, from 25 cents to $1 25 each; shrubs !
In variety: dahlias a specialty, 5 cents each, !
£0 'its per dozen; seeds for sale from finest
strains; special rates to the trade. C. CROCK- .
FORD, Grower, Colma, San Mateo County;
take San Mateo electric car.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hano. machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
DOG; large: long haired; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain; will take $20. 130 Seventh st.
A MUSIC box, playing harp, piccolo and zither, j
S airs; bought at a cost of $30; will be
slaughtered for $25. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grain aye.
FINE dress suit, nearly new, made by fash-
ionable tailor, will be sold cheap. Apply A.
E. EDWARDS, 130 Second st.
FRESH milch tow, with calf. Apply 290S
Twenty-fourth st.
FRESH Durham cow; 13 quarts day; gentle;
trade for beef cow. 1312 Folsom st. .
AN elegant wedding present; 6 coin silver table
and teaspoons, forks and knives In box; per-
fectly new; cost at Shreve's $100: will be sold
for $43. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
I. ITU' > engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and nnfran:"d: framing with class 7x9 inches,
lftc- MO and 10x12. »c: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c: 20x24. 45c; 22x
2S, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
Ing.all colors.lo R:opea eve. Jones. s47 Mission
HARP, piano, Boehm flutes, clarionets, saxo-
phones, horns and variety of other instru-
ments: Sala transit and level, tents, side-
saddles, guns, revolvers: all high grade; low
prices; no dealers. 3941 Twenty-fourth st.
I PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
$60: bought in Philadelphia at a cost of $150.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
i Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos, electri-
i cal goods; new, M hand Smith C 0. .527 Mission. I
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler j
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS & ;
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUT"-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON'AN, 1017-1019-1021-loa
Mission st.. above Sixth.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'bui lding material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHIPKT. Kentucky. '97; bonded warehouse,
San Francisco: 39e gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco. •
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. -<r -v
SAFES and second-hand; cheaper than j
ever. - Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
E\FES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
Blzes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES.' SIO: Records. $5 per do«.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck. letter-press, |
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
'BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
v SEWING MACHINES.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.: phone Mint 45.
™ CARPE'- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eight i st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
' beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 821.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Cirpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th |
st. : cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74. ;
CO^KLI^S ' Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden j
Gate aye.;- tel. East 126. (
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.'
ALL OVER TOWN — T t^ttt->t j!
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
DEVISADERO, 727— House 7 rooms, bath; rent
cheap; 3 car lines. .
HOUSE of 8 or 12 rooms; reasonable. 253
Stevenson St., bet. Third and Fourth.
HYDE, 609, near Gear}' — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen; Investigate.
SUNNY house: 7 rooms; modern: cheap to good
tenant. Broderlck, near McAllister St.
$16 — rooms and bath; corner Hermann and
Stevenson. Apply 1709 Market st.
$B— A REAR house of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated: water free. 18 Natoma st.
$23— HOUSE and large barn, 6 stalls; 126 Clara
st. NICOL. 410 Kearny st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
HANDSOME new upper 6-room flat; piano;
reasonable. 2239 Fifteenth St., 1 block north
of Market.
BUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Choice: elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please investi-
gate; furniture for sale cheap; optional
TO let— Well-furnished, modern house of nine
rooms; sunny. Address box 2692. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
| COTTAGE 5 rooms, stable, yard. 712 Willow
j aye., Ellis, Eddy and Buchanan and Webster.
! 4 ROOMS $10, or will sell $50 cash; balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market at.
| MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
FLATS TO LET.
I BEAUTIFUL flat. S rooms, bath; every con-
venience; $30. 1505 Geary st.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Flat of 3 nice
rooms. f7.
EDDY. 1541— Desirable sunny comer flat, 6
rooms; modern improvemts: rent reasonable.
ELEGANT top flat; 5 rooms, bath; latest Im-
provements. 145 Grove Bt., near City Hall.
FINE flat, 6 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements; 623 McAllister St., between Van
Ness aye. and Franklin st. Apply at 623
Golden Gate aye.
i FINE new sunny flat; all modern Improve-
ments; 7 rooms and bath; rent $35; corner
Oak and Pevisadero.
j FLAT of 4 rooms, batji; modern improvements.
3442 Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
HAIGHT, 455. near Fillmore — Flat 6 sunny
rooms; latest improvements; separate en-
trance: $L' 4.
JESSIE. 638, between Seventh and Eighth-
Clean sunny flat of 3 rooms, $9.
MODERN 5-room flat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk
and Van Ness, near McAllister.
NATOMA. 714- Flat of 4 rooms; large sunny-
yard ; cellar; $10.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat. 4 rooms
and bath; $13.
POLK, 1819— Sunny flat. 7 rooms and bath; In
good order; rent cheap.
| SUNNY flat, 6 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. 27 Elgin Park.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat of 7 rooms,
bath, gas, yard. Northeast cor. Dolores and
Fifteenth sts.
! TO LET— S roms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st.. near Stanyan.
3 FINE new sunny Hats: 6 rooms and bath; no
dark rooms; with all modern improvements;
rent t2T,: on Devlsadero ft., near Ook :
$12 50 — UPPER flnt 4 rooms: wash room, bath,
gas: separate yard. 4222 Nineteenth St. $10—
upper flat 6 rooms. 144 Collingwood s^
4 ROOMS and bath; basement and yard. 312
Waller st.
$9— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St.. off
Market, near Valencia. _______
$13_NICE sunny fiat. 5 rooms, bath; gas and
I yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$13 50— UPPER flat. E rooms; modern. 11 Kings-
ton aye., near Thirtieth st. and San Jose aye.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms.
624 Golden Gate aye.. near Van Ness.
$40— NEW upper flat, 7 rooms, bath. 1125 Tay-
lor St., near Clay.
UN ELEVENTH Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNISHED FLAT^
MCALLISTER, 1686— » rooms and bath; hand-
somely furnished sunny flat, $55. G. H.
DMBBSK & CO.
SUNNY lower flat, S ro-..ms and bath; rent
reasonable, references. 2110 Baker st.
HOISEKEBPI\G ROOMS.
BRYANT, 430, nr. 3d — Sunny pleasant house-
keeping rooms complete, $0 up; single, $7.
CLAY, 1026—3 large rooms; all conveniences for
housekeeping; $9.
CLEMENTINA, 3f.S. bet. Fourth and Fifth-
Two neatly furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
' EDDY, 915 — Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resl-
I dence.
; EDDY. 917 — Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
housekpg rms.; gas range; splendid location.
ELEVENTH. 106- Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIFTH. BW— New house; nicely furnished
suites; regular kitchen; run'n^. water; $12 up.
FIFTH, 325—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50; one. $7; . rs, kitchen. $23.
i FIFTH, 428 Vi — Two front rooms and kitchen,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
FILLMORS. 150 IS— Lady occupying 2 or 3
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath, wishes
lady roommate.
F< 'I.S' >M. S74 — Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single room; quiet family; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE, 620 -3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo.
HARRIS<">N, 7SfiA— Sunny front rooms and bath
in a private family for housekeeping; rent $6.
HARRISON, 946 — Nice sunny front rooms com-
plete for housekeeping ; also single rooms:
reasonable.
HOWARD, 821— Suitef of housekeeping rooms,
$9; single, $7 per month.
HOWARD. 1214 -Two or three large sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
IVY, 124, between Polk and Van Ness— Two
housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished; large yard.
JESSIE. 372. near Fifth and Market— Front
room; housekeeping; only $S.
KEARNY, 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms and bath,
$15.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, 'near Post — Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable.
MARTHA place, 5, off Geary Bt., bet. Mason
and Taylor— Floor 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms: no children.
MOFP, 3"\ off Howard, near Seventh— 2 sunny
bedrooms; regular kitchen; housekpg com-
plete; $13 mo.; nice yard.
MINNA, 573. near Seventh St.— One large back
sunny room, all complete; cheap; yard.
MISSION, 1515^4— Large sunny room; suit two
men or married couple; bath; gas; $9.
MISSION, 2009, near Sixteenth— Furnished front
room, grate; use of kitchen; yard.
NINTH, 86—2 unfurnished sunny front rooms;
rent $7 per month.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary — Bay-window,
kitchen, gas stove, mantel, bath; $15.
POLK, 52i! — Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
POLK 1821— Three or four unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent reasonable.
POST, 1427—2 or more single or housekeeping
rooms: partly or unfurnished; reasonable;
private.
PROSPECT place, 123. off California and Powell
—1 or 2 rooms, with kitchen, storage, con-
nected, $12 to $15; private German family.
BCOTT. 113 — Two large sunny connecting rooms,
partly furnished; gas; bath.
SEVENTH, 13G— Rooms, nicely furnished for
housekeeping; yard; also single.
SEVENTEENTH. 3481— Sunny furnished rooms
in private family for 1 or 2 ladles.
SIXTH. 314— Front bay-window suite, with
kitchen for housekeeping, $12.
THIRD, 309 — Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms, from $6 to $10 a suite.
THIRD. 334— Sunny flats of two rooms each;
$5 and $« per month.
TURK, 201— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping: suitable for 4.
TI'RK, 203— Elegantly furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; also single; all con-
veniences.
TURK, 539— Furniahed rooms for housekeep-
ing or suites.
TWELFTH. 146—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWKNTY-FOURTH, 3404, near Valencia— Two
sunny front rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing connecting; $10.
TWO or more sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath; separate; $10. Call 1745
Hyde st.
617 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:3»
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads takes.
ROOMS TO LET.
\jlrONT2o4^McAllister— Sunny front rooms and !
BUlt(!»; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant j
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class |
In every respect: terms reasonable.
BOND, 16, off Mission— Nice large front room
and kitchen; complete; $13 month; also nice
front room; suitable 1 or 2 gentleman.
BOHEMIA 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BUSH. 717 — Large sunny furnished room for 8;
$10 a month.
BUSH, 71SC— Sunny suite, suitable for one or
two gentlemen; also single; bath, etc.
CENTRAL House, c 2 2d— Good family & single ;
rms.: day, 25, 50c: wk.. $1 25, J2 50; mo., $5 up.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single j
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites. :
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
60c to $1: week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 327— Furnished front room; alcove and
two beds.
EDDY. 765— Large parlor or suite, elegantly
furnished, in new modern flat; reasonable.
ELEVENTH 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken,
ELLIS, 606— Nice sunny room.
FELL, 47S — Sunny furnished or unfurnished ■
light housekeeping room; bath; quiet family;
coeap.
FELL, 452— Sunny furnished front room for 1 j
or 2 persons ; rent $5. j
FIFTH. Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 76$f£— Large furnished room. $4; all
conveniences.
FOLSOM, Large sunny front rooms, nicely
furnished, $S and $10 mo. also housekeeping.
GEARY, 618— Large sunny bay-window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng.
GEARY, 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors,
with bath, in private family.
j HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715, ST. 1 DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD, Elegant furnished rooms;
! single or double; very moderate. .
JONES, 1705, • near Broadway — nice sunny
.rooms; grand marine view; rent $13. ..;-;.■■
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 or 3 large rooms;
hot water: bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap. ■ •
MARTHA PLACE, 6, south of Geary, above
Mason — Sunny room., 2 beds; also single.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny Bin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reaa.
MCALLISTER, 665— Furnished front room: use
of bath; also sunny back room.
MINNA. 442— Sunny single room, $4 a month.
MINNA, 667. c*rner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION. 763— Large furnished front room; $6
per week.
MISSION, 1053— Large nicely furnished sunny
room; one or two; cheap rent.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping. • • '
NINTH, ISOH— Neat sunny rooms. $4 60 to $8;
light housekeeping if desired.
OAK, Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $S mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
OCTAVIA, 2— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hall bedroom; $4 v-: private fam.
O'FARRELL, .'I 'A - Sunny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms. $3 and $10.
O'FARRELL, —Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; front single room. $6.
! O'FARRELL, 231— Having changed '• hands;
rooms thoroughly renovated; reasonable.
POLK 607—1 or 2 large sunny front rooms;
kitchen if desired; very reasonable.
POST, 216 — 3 connecting rooms, suitable for
doctor or ; dentist.
POST, 605 — Elegantly furnished rooms, single
and en suite: terms reasonable.
POST, 730— Large sunny front room; private '
family; central location.
POWELL, 317. formerly ' Cosmos Club—
gantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, — Two sunny unfurnished rooms.
POWELL. 509— nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining, suitable for two gentlemen.
SEVENTH, 211—2 ' sunny unfurnished front
rooms; rent $9. .
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, 16-18 Mason— European; ' ele-
gant rooms; suite or single; day, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator. _
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second—
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON, 242 — Punny front rooms, facing
plaza; day, week or month.
TENTH. 123, old No. Ill— Large sunny front
bay-window room; $10 per month.
THIRD, Large front room; splendid light;
cheap.
SITTER, 715-717-719— and unfurnlsh-
ed: choice and gunny: reasonable: Investigate.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
FELL, 2C— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2, $:io mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FINE chicken dinner 25c, Tuesdays and Thurs-
days, 5 to" p. m.; home eookinsr. 122H Turk.
FOLSOM. Ell— Swedish private boarding, with
room. J4 to $3 per week: nice location.
I-TLTON, 833 (Th* Mizpah'i — A oin>t family
h.tel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite: exceptional table; terms very rea-
sonable.
HYI'K. 4"<; -Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish: $3R a month up.
HYDE, !'2'.— Sunny suites; first -olf, ss board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHEBTON.
MCALLISTER, BU Newlj (urntebed sonny
suitable for 2, $10 mo.; with !>..;ir'l. HO.
MISSION, 2S44— Sunny front room, with board,
suitable for two; or singlf room: private
family; good location; terms reasonable.
NEWI.V ninny furnished front room, with or
without board. Call or address 2436 Post St.,
near Brodpriok.
SOUTH PARS, -sS— Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week
TURK, Sl2— Nice room two sentlemen; bath;
gas; grate; board: private family: $35.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CNKAPEST and hpst in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
CHILDREN BOARDED^
WANTED— ChIfd to board; best of cars; terms
$10. 1034 McAllister st.
A FEW children boarded; a fine home and
mother's care. Address box 2637. Call office.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother^ care; references. 234*4 Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
SIXTH. 536— Store. 8 rooms; largo yard; rear
entrance; rent $11.
STORE, with rooms, 2946 Mission st. ; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3328— Store, 8 rooms and
hall: large yard; rent $15.
BARN to let— Southwest corner Hyde and Fil-
bert sts.; 2fix7o: suitable for coal yard; $12 50.
Apply L. C BATUN. 413 Kearny st.
OFFICES TO LET.
$8 AND up; nice sunny offices. Apply at
SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market St.
HORSES.
ONE carload of work and driving horses, one
pacer, well bred; cheap. J. FORRESTER,
salesman, 420 Valencia st.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
tO HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday PTT.T.TV ■> NTN T nOTLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installment.": 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. £28 Harrison st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to IU2»
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. p. W.
ZEHFUSS. S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint 1811.
PHYSICIAN'S.
DR C. C. O'DO-NNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
$850—200x230; RAILROAD Homestead Associa-
tion, near Capitol st.. Ocean View.
$700—80x130; E side old San Jose road, be-
tween Worden and Farragut ayes. ; West End
Map No. 2. CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market.
BPLENDID corner for grocery; Mission st. ;
50x110; bargain and easy terms. 413 Kearny.
COI'XTRr REAL. ESTATE.
WILL seli or exchange for property In this
city or Oakland— A ranch of 56 acres, unin-
cumbered; 6-room cottage, hard-flnlshed, well
furnished; stock, farm Implements, etc.;
within 3 miles of Santa Rosa. Particulars
2914 California St., after 4 p. m.
$360(> FOR Hi acres within 8 minutes' walk
from Santa Rosa postofflce and court house;
fine house, S large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and b_th room; piped for water and gas;
• large stable, barn, 3 sheds. 130 choice fruit
trees; will sell whole or in blocks to suit.
Address R. W. BELL, SO4 Tupper eU, Santa
Rosa, CaA.
BREWERY for sale— Located in large town,
central Alameda County; capacity 25 barrels
per day: complete running order; building 40x
9G. thoroughly well built, and outbuildings ;
lot central corner, 250x28; everything re-
quired In the business; sold only because of
bad health and age of the owner: low price
and easy terms. Purchasers address C, box
2775. Call office.
COI'NTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfield; house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc: will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts.. TO Market.
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redv.-ood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mpndncino Count-- con?ift!iir of the N'E.
M of PW. H of Pec. 31. township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
arr'y to A CLorKF.HP. Navarre Cal.
WRITE for list: good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Phasta Co., CaL
A WEEK'S news for f> c»nts— The Weekly
Cell, in wrapper, for mailing.
LARKSPUR HEAL ESTaTE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 1"2 Market Ft.
JhONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6U per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, lite insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Me-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage: life ln«. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest: private; no com. R. 6S. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain Überai advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Btore, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
planns, furniture or Jewelry; all business
Etrictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny st. ; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairß; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, EOS California ft.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates: no com.: private. llfi McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
MONEY WANTED.
CAPITAL wanted to develop trravel mlnea:
• good water facilities: near railroad station.
Box 47. Ptent. Tuolumne County. Cal.
_________
FIV.WIAL.
LOAN'S on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. MrAFKB BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
rAWXBKOKERS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.: private rooms.
_________
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. J.".; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
■work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
VAX VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, to up: silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns. $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
' from ?3 per set; ertracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
•without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'FarreH.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 90S to
Sl3 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32. fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldgr.. 6th floor, nns. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. ■
LOST. [fg-v.
POCKET BOOK, between Union and
Jones. Kearny and Washington sts. Reward
at 1010 Union st. .
LOST— fox terrier, white and \ black
spots. Return 334 Pine st.,and receive reward.
CASH given for old gold and silver jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
FOUND— English pug bitch. Inquire City
Prison. 5 p. m. to 8 p. m.
~ LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
' RILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es-
tate.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the 21st day of March, IS9S, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned. ANNIE H.
TERRILL. as executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES. C. TERRILL, deceased, will
' sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash in the gold. coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1893. the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ..
1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building. San Fran-
cisco, all the right, title, interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and ail tne right, title and
interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C.
TERRILL at the time of his death, ■In and
to all that certain lot. piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
lencia street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
line parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
■ five (26) feet- to a point; thence at a . right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point in the easterly line of Elgin Park-
* thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line of Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet and to a point in the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
. ; Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
(155) feet and to the point of commencement,
the same being a part of Mission block num-
b er twenty-two (22) as the said • block lis
shown and so designated on the official map
of said city and county, together with the
improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof. "
AKNIE H. TERRILL. Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL. deceased.
Dated. March 26. IR9S.
E. F. PRESTON. Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco.
March 16, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions Of section 5 of order 153S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September • 15, ISSO,
there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Suiter street, on .
MONDAY, APRIL IS. 1898.
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the j
| police force of San Francisco, as detailed in i
• an inventory thereof on : file In the of flee ; of
the ■ clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc. also a lot of trunks, valises.
- clothing, etc., property of : deceased persona
• received from the Coroner of this city and
■ county. Open . for . inspection on morning ,of
sale. v r A. C. WIDBER,
#3*3 \i\V- City and County Treasurer.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
1 9 ROOMS; large grounds; barn; In Piedmont;
rent low to good tenant. Apply J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. ~
MUST be Corner lot. 100x150, with 5
1 houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part; offer wanted.
J. - CALLAOHAN. 814 ■ Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, 1 postage
free. . -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland. ■•'■•■■■ - ;■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALA3IBDA REAL ESTATE.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$3200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot &f>xlso: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
IfflM tiBI cash; 525 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and n!gn school.
$3750— Xew house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Parh st.
2 NEW modern houses: open plumbing; every-
thing up-to-date; will sacrifice 1; going to
Alaska: small amount down, balance month-
ly; must sell. Box 2591, Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
A BAR' JAIN House of 4 rooms and basement
In good condition: lot 40x130; street work
done: four Mocks from depot: price $850: easy
terms; must be sold. O. G. MAY A CO.. 2123
Center st.. Berkeley.
A THOROUGHLY well-built bouse of 7 rooms;
large lot: street work done; near university;
easy term*. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Es-
tate, Berkeley station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
100 RANCHES: 3 to 2500 acres; all prices.
2 stores and 6-room flat; in city $8,000
120- acre ranch, 5-room house; Sonoma
County 4,000
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; In Stockton 3,000
20 acres: all in fruit; good house for
rooming-house 8,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth. S. F.
PROPERTY to exchange— «Bo acres of grain
and fruit land In Tehama County. 3H miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence In San Francisco In residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of ln-
cumbrance: residence offered for exchange
must be unincumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
EXCHANGE— Cottage, 8 rooms, bath; will
take vacant lot as part "nvraent; balance
monthly installments. 2670 Twenty-first Bt.,
near Bryant.
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh et.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— A chicken ranch: from 5 to 15
acres; in Alameda County: must b« near the
cars. P. DUCAB, 11 Montgomery st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Charles E. Hayden and Ruby T. Luce, 24-22.
John B. Carmrlla and Theresa K. Arata, 22-17.
Herman Bternaa ami Esther Cohen. 38-27.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
BORN.
BALES— Tn Napa, March 26. 1898. to the wife
of E. W. Bales, a son.
BROWN— In this city. March 29. 189S, to the
wife of Alex Brown, a son.
CASSERLY— In Ocean View. March 24. 1898.
to the wife of Eugene H. Casserly, a daugh-
ter.
HAMPTON— in this city, March 23. 1898. to the
wife of William C. Hampton, a daughter.
HEDQVIST— March 25. IS9S. to the wife of
J. Hedqvlst, a Pon.
SAI'TEK-In Lompoc, Cal., March 24, 1898, to
the wife of L. Sauter. a daughter.
STEIN— In this city. March 27, 1898, to the
wife of G. Stein, a son.
WAIBEL— In this city. March 26. 1898, to the
wife of Fred L. Walbel. a daughter.
MARRIED.
STEARNS— GUNN— In this city, March 29,
189S, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Dempsey. Lenard J. Steams and
May Gunn. t>"th of San PYanelsco.
DIED.
Aabel, Andrew M. Klaln, Caroline
Ade, Joseph Lehmann. Louis
Bainbridge, Aspasle McGrath, George W.
Becker, Louis Mulhern. M. J.
Carroll, Emma M. Nichols. William B.
Cayseriy. Mr & Mrs. O'Connor. Timothy
Cunningham, John Sauter, Jules G. J.
Dalton. Mary Soheibe. Rernhardt
Doherty. Mary Smith, Benjamin
Ellmaker. Marie E. Steen. Anna
Farmer. Frank Stumpf. Charles A.
Flynn. Bridget Taylor, Deede M.
Fields. William Trumpower, Charles
Kraiu-ls, Ethel Vetter, Louis
Frelintr. Arthur Welgle. Annie M.
Gallagher. Celia A. Windecker. Casper
Kelly, Mary
AABEL— In this city, March 26, 1898, Andrew
Martin Aabel. beloved father of George A.
and John T. Aabel, a native of Xorway, aged
69 years 7 months and 16 days.
(C7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2138 Guerrero street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY OF SAN FRAN-
CISC ,-) — Officers and members are requested to
attend the funeral of our late member, An-
drew M. Aabel, this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from his late residence, 2138 Guer-
rero street. By order of President.
C. A. ANDERSON, Rec. Sec.
ADE— In this city. March 28. IR9S, Joseph,
dearly beloved husband of Paulina Ade. and
father of Joseph Godhaxd Ade, a native of
Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 45 --ears 9
months and 2 days. A member of the Third
Order nf St. Francis.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7:3 ft o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner & Guntz. 8 and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Boniface Church,
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Lea-
venworth streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
BAINBRIDUE— In this city. March 29. 1898,
Aspasle Poullault. wife of Colonel E. C.
Bainbridge. I. S. Army.
BECKER— In thr City and County Hospital,
March 23. 1898. Louis Otto Becker, a native
of Germany, aged 59 years.
CARROLL— In this city, March 29. 1898, Emma
M.. beloved wife of Judge John A. Carroll,
mother of Willie, Frank, Clinton, J. A. Jr.
and Juliet Carroll, and sister of Mrs. George
A McDonald and J. H. and R. E. Burke, a
native of Vallejo. Cal.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2524 Clay street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, Bush and Stelner streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CASSERLY— There will be an anniversary mass
celebrated for the repose of the souls of Mr.
and Mrs. Michael Caaserly at St. Michaels
Church, Ocean View, to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, March 28, 1898,
John Cunningham, a native of Ireland, aged
38 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALTON— In this city. March 29. 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Michael Dalton. and
sister of the late Mrs. Julius Shenkle, Mrs.
Albert Whiteman and Miss fizzle Cullen, a
native of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 47 years.
DOHERTY— In this city. March 28. 18S8. Mary.
dourly beloved daughter of Ann and the late
Roger Doherty, and sister of Willie and
Thomas Doherty. Mm. E. L. Coxe, Mrs. E.
Davidson and Mrs. L. Levenberg, a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 46 Harriet street, thence
to St Patrick's Church for services, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
EIXMAKER-In this city. March IS, 1898,
Marie E.. widow of the late Frederick S.
Ellmaker, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 78
yenrt-.
[C3"Frlends and acquaintance* are resr*ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3577 Eighteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FARMER— In this city, March 29. 1898. Frank
Farmer, a native of Austria, aged 63 years.
FLYNN— In this city, March 29. 189S, Bridget
Flynn, a native of Temple Malley, County
Clare. Ireland.
FIELDS— In this city, March 28, IS9B, Wll-
liani. husband of Eliza Fields, a native of
Rochester. N. T., aged 64 years.
X?" Friends and acquaintances and members
...■:■-. •-.•—■'
of Manzanlta Tribe No. 4. Imp. O. R. M.,
and Ironmolders 1 Union are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 217 Fair Oaks street. Interment pri-
vate.
FRANCIS— In this city, March 29. 1898. Ethel,
infant daughter of Charles T. and Mary tl.
Francis, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
. months and 21 days.
FRELING— In this city. March 28. 1898. Arthur
Freling. beloved father of Mrs. A. Ja/:que-
mart, a native of Paris,, France, airea t>J
years. •
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of R. Chartrey, 2323 Jackson street, near
Fillraore. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
tery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. March 28, IS9B.
Celia A. Galagher, beloved niece of James
Cox and the late Anna C. Joice. and cousin
of Mrs. G. F. Randolph and Mrs. Margaret
Flynn, a native of New York City.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 366 Linden avenue, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, Fell street, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
reposo of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 2— Dear
Sisters: You will please attend the funeral
services .of our deceased sister, Celia A.
Gallagher, from Sacred Heart Church. Fell
and Fillmore streets, this day (Wednesday).
' at 9 o'clock. Fraternally, .
L. MANLY. President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Sec
KELLY— In this city, March 28, IS9S. Mary
Kelly, beloved sister of John Kelly and Mrs.
Jane Healey, a native of Burr, Kings County.
Ireland, aged 63 years.
■ -tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her brother, 24 Alvarado street, off
Guerrero. between Twenty-second ana
Twenty-third, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KLAIN— this city, March 27, IS9B, Caro-
line Klaln, beloved mother of Rose . Netter
and Julius J. Klain of Philadelphia, Pa., and
sister of Mrs. A. Netter and Mrs. B. Klaber.
a native of Baden-Baden. Germany.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 921 McAllister street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery.
LEHMANN— In this city, March 28. 1898, Louis,
beloved husband of Bertha Lehmann, father
of Mrs. J. Rothenberg, Mrs. E. Amstein and
Max, Ate and Willie Lehmann, and grand-
father of Henry Rothenberg and Sidney Leh-
mann. a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
62 years 11 months and 22 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late,
residence, 724 Fulton street. Members of
•Court Golden Gate No. 5. F. of A., are re-
spectfully invited to attend. Interment
' Salem Cemetery.
McGRATH— In this city, March 2«. 1898, George
W., dearly beloved son of E. and M. A. Mc-
Grath, and brother of Mrs. L. H. Castle and
Lafayette, Emmett and May O. McGrath, a
native of Butte County, Cal., aged 23 years
4 months and 14 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 5 Uranus street, near
Seventeenth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
MULHERN— In this city, March 29, 1898. at
Golden Gate Park. M. J. Mulhern, beloved
brother of Mrs. P. Owens and Patrick and
James Smith of San Rafael, a native of
Ballyshannon, County Donegal, Ireland, aged
49 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister. Golden Gate Park. H
street, near Stanyan, thence to St. Raphael's
Church, San Rafael, by 9 o'clock boat Cbroad-
gauere fern'), where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment San
Rafael.
NICHOLS— In this city. March 29, I*9B. Wil-
liam 8., beloved husband of Elisabeth Nich-
ols, a native of New York City, aged 68
years 9 months and 1^ days.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Grace M.
E. Church, corner Capp and Twenty-first
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral-car.
O'CONNOR— In Oakland, March 29. ON, Tim-
othy, beloved husband of Martha O'Connor,
and father of John, Blanche and Erin O'Con-
nor, a native of Australia, aged 60 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Unite.! Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
train from Third and Townsend streets.
SAUTER— In this city, March 29. I«9S, Jules
George John, beloved son of J. M. and Katie
Sauter, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Sauter and Mr. and Mrs. Philip
Rauft, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 2 days.
SCHEIBE— In this city, March 26, IR9B, Bern-
hardt Scheibe, a native of Langensalra, Nte-
derhain. Saxony, Germany, aged 45 years
and fi months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
SMITH— In this city, March 28. 1898. Benja-
min, dearly beloved husband of Addle E.
Smith, a native of London, England, aged
40 years. (London and English papers please
copy.)
!C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 207 Fillmore street, between Wal-
ler and Haight, thence to I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery for cremation.
STEEN— In this city, March 29, IS9B, Anna,
beloved wife of Frederick Steen. and mother
of Thomas, Louisa and Agnes Steen. a na-
tive of Clogheen, County Tipperary. Ireland.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at — o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 553 Railway avenue, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth streets, off Dolores,
thence to Mission Dolores Church. Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a requiem high
mas 3 will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at — o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STUMPF— In this city. March 28, 1838, Charles
Alaez, beloved husband of Marie G. Stumpf.
a native of Hungary, aged 57 years 10 iionths
and 28 days.
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ln%ited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city, March 29, 189 R. Deede
Margaret, daughter of the late William Sin-
clair Taylor, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 2 months and 3 days.
CFri&nds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9:t^ o'clock, at St. Luke's Episcopal
Church, Van Ness avenue and Clay street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TRUMPOWER— In this city. March 29, 1898,
Charles Edmond, beloved son of Charles and
Sophia Trumpower, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 26 days.
VETTER— In this city. March 28. 1898, Louis,
dearly beloved son of August and Mary Vet-
ter, and beloved brother of Clara, Sophia,
Aggie, August. Joseph, Alexander, Hyacinth,
Otelia and Rosie Vetter, Mrs. J. C. Abeltng
and Mrs. J. H. Oldelehr, a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 years 5 months and 1 day.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite*! to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 10 McLea court, off
Ninth street. between Harrison and
Bryant, thence to St. Boniface Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
WEIGLE— In this city, March 28, 1898, Annie
M.. beloved wife of the late Jacob Weigle,
and mother of Mrs. Charles J. Bender of St.
Louis, Mo., Mrs. William Pohler and tho
late John and Frank Grimm, a native of
Lartivrhile, Mainz, Germany, aged 80 years
6 months and 14 days. (St. Joseph, Mo., pa-
pers please copy.)
(C7"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. ..iiiiam Pohler.
508 Ninth street, near Bryant, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WINDECKER— In this city, March 27. 1898,
Casper, beloved husband of Mathtlde Win-
decker, a native of Malbach. Hessen- Darm-
stadt, Germany, aged 5» years 5 months and
7 days.
$y Friend s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Charles J. B. Metzler,
638 Washington street, thence to Druids'
Hall. 413 Sutter street, where the services
will b« held, under the auspices of Sud-
deuticher Verein, commencing at 2 o'clock
sharp. Officers and members of Eureka
Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S., are cordially in-
vited to attend. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
YOUNG — In this city, March 29. IS9B, Thomas
H., infant son of Harry and Agnes Young, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
£0 FIITH ST., Opp. Lueoln 8«hs«l. 1
"r Telephone, Sooth 80. |
- h. b. u'atoy. Manager. .. a
McAVOY dfc CO., 5
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Bth and nth. »~-v i
Telephone. South 247. ■ "- '■■■'■ ■■: -*■-
Estab. ISSS. Tel. South 47. r
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmere, .
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
. Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for ttas on
Of. our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulanct.
910
"BILL'S" GOODS
ATTACHED
"Swiftwater" Failed to
Pay for His Bride's
Purchases.
Dlvoroo Proceedings Inter
rupted His Dream of
Bliss.
Tnen Installments Stopped «nd the
Credltort Wont to the
Courts.
"Swiftwater Bill," the mining and mat
rimonial expert of Klondike and other
fame, is In a new legal difficulty. "When
"Bill," who in every-day life is known as
William C Gates, entered into analllance,
offensive and defensive, with Grace la
More, after her sister Gussie bad refused
his nuggets and diamonds, he found that
she waa indebted to the California Furni
ture Company to the extent of $1043 for an
elegant lot of new furniture for her flat.
There were settees, there were otto
mans, costly couches and easy chairs, and
the heart of William was filled with Joy,
for such trifles are prohibitive luxuries on
the Klondike, and he saw photographs of
himself reposing among such cozy sur
roundings. Thereupon he called upon the
furniture company and guaranteed to pay
the amount for which his bride-to^be had
obligated herself.
Mrs. "Swiftwater Bill's" Indebtedness
was reduced by the sum of $300, but there
the payment stopped. While connubial
bliss was in progress Wiliam was willing
to pay, but when the honeymoon waned
and divorce clouds obscured the sky of
wedded life it was different, William went
behind in his payments, and then, to the
woe of the furniture company, he depart
ed for the north to look for his long-lost
relatives, who were to be made glad by
his wealth acquired in the frozen north.
Mrs. "Swiftwater Bill" stored the furni
ture at the time she retired to the seclu
elon of her sister's home, placing it in the
custody of a furniture company whose
warehouse is at 301 Stockton street.
"Swiftwater William" seemed to be the
responsible party, so the furniture com
pany waited until he could return from
the north before beginning proceedings.
"Bill" came back to his old haunts at
the Baldwin day before yesterday, and a
suit was immediately begun for the $743
that is claimed to be owing the company.
The furniture in the warehouse was at
tached, and Gates was served with a
summons to appear In the Superior Court.
Sheriff Whelan now has possession of
"Swiftwater Bill's" nuptial couch.
CONGRESSMAN JIM
WILL PLAY BALL
Will Be tho Star Attraction at
Central Park Next
Sunday.
Will Run for Congreu — Giv«« His
Opinion on the Cuban
Qusction.
James J. Corbett, future Congressman
from Harlem Flats, Harlem, New York,
once of Hayes Valley, this city, by pro
fession a pugilist but now a thesplan,
has signed with the Olympic aggregation
of players and will appear in Central
Park next Sunday as the star attraction, i
Besides being credited with being: a Rood
fighter, actor and handball player, Jim
has always aspired to win fame as a ball
player. Shortly after his go with Fitz
simmons, and while the taik of another
meeting was going on, Corbett kept in |
condition by playing ball with the big !
teams of the Nationa.l League. As first
baseman he took everything that came
along, and was favorably commented on
by the writers of the East. His work at |
the bat was of high order, and as a draw
ing card he was immense.
Corbett received a telegram from a well
known Eastern paper yesterday asking
what stand he would take on the Cuban |
question if elected to Congress, and also |
his opinion on McKinley's latest move. I
To tnia request Corbett replied: "If !
elected, will advocate all measures de- |
signed to free Cuba and speedily relieve j
the sufferings of her people. Think Presi- j
dent McKinley altogether too conserva- i
tive. I favor prompt and aggressive action i
■under tho present existing circum
etances."
Another telegram asking what truth
there was in the story of his having Con
gressional aspirations elicited the follow
ing reply: "Keport true. Have received
letters from my friends in Harlem Dis
trict asking if I would accept the nomina
tion for Congress next fall. Have written,
would accept same and will if nominated
make a personal canvass, and feel con
fident that if elected my friends will never
have cause to regret in having honored
me with the high office."
When asked what party he advocated
and his reason for doing so Jim answered
that he was a Democrat because his
father was. Returning to the Cuban
question, he said if elected to Congress
his duties might not permit him to enlist
as a soldier in the event of war, but he
would send a substitute. Jim thinks that
steps should be Immediately ta.ken to pre
vent the Spanish flotilla coming within
striking distance of this country.
The ringing up of the curtain cut
further conversation short, as with a
hitch of his trousers the "Naval Cadet"
took his position on the quarterdeck.
For Contempt of Court.
Deputy United States Marshal Moffet
(eft yesterday for Sisklyou County armed
with warrants for the arrest of the six
employes of the Klamath Lumber Com
pany who are holding the mill with rifles
in disobedience of the restraining order of
United States Circuit Judge Morrow. The
complaints charge the defendants with
contempt of court.
Consul for Argentine Republic.
The Secretary of the Treasury has noti
fied Collector Jackson that Wenceslas
Loalza has been temporarily recognized
as Consul of the Argentine Republic at
Ban Francisco pending the receipt of hit*
commission.
'' ' AMUSEMENTS.
HAIR
HUMORS
Itching, Irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with Cutiottiu. Boaf,
and occasional dressings of Cttticuba, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cures.
(utleura
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else falls.
Sold throMhont »be world. Pottsb D»iro in . Chm.
Corp.. Sole J*rop«.. IWon. :
CC7* ■' How u> produce l.uxarUnt Hair," malted ttm. , »;.
ftfiMP AM CIDC with Eciem» !ntt»nOr reltow*
•Rind UH riilfc y comwa* ouomm. —
LOOTING OF A
SCHOOLHOUSE
Plumbing of the Winfleld
Scott Wrecked by
Vandals.
Damage to the Amount of
Several Hundred Dollars
Done.
Police Have Been Notified and Are
on the Lookout for the
Marauders.
The "Wlnfleld Scott School at Lombard
and Baker streets was looted by thieves
on Thursday evening last, and it will
cost the School Department several
hundred dollars to repair the damage
done.
The fact that the schoolhouse had
been visited by vandals was not known
until the next morning, when a report
was rendered to the office of the Board
of Education. It was evident that the
work was done between the time school
let out on Thursday and the time the
scholars arrived on Friday.
The thieves were evidently after Junk,
for not a particle of lead pipe or other
salable metal was left about the build
ing. Beneath all the wash basins the
pipes were torn away and every pound
of lead in the building was carried off.
Even the connections were unscrewed
and made way with. Outside of break
ing open a few desks, from which noth
ing of value was obtained, the thieves
carried their operations no further.
Inspector of Buildings O'Brien was
notified of the loot of the schoolhouse
and at once gave orders that new pipes
be substituted for the stolen ones. He
had iron pipes put In, however, to pre
vent a repetition of the robbery.
The lead that was stolen could not
be sold for over $5, but it will cost the
department fully $200 to repair the
damage. The police have been noti
fied of the robbery and it is believed
that the perpetrators will be in custody
within a short time, suspicion pointing
to a couple of hard characters in the
neighborhood who were seen prowling
about the school and who are known
to be capable of a Job of this kind.
HANDBALL PLAYERS DEPART.
Casey Plays His Last Game and Is
Presented With a Gold-
Headed Cane.
Phil Casey, the aged but agile handball
exponent, left for Denver yesterday, bear
ing with him a handsome g-old-heaaed
cane and the best wishes of the many
hundred friends he has made since hla
sojourn here. He will go direct to Den
ver, where he w.U meet ex-Alderman
Dunne, his partner in many a hard-fought
rubber, who preceded him a few days
ago.
Yesterday the popular retired champion
of the world, with ex-Assessor J. C.
Nealon as a partner, played License Col
lector Theodore F. Bonnet and es-cham
plon John Riordan one of the hardest
rubbers that has been witnessed In many
years at Phil Ryan's court. Casey played
as he did in the days he won his title,
covering the court with an agility mat
was astounding in one so oia. Bonnet
and Riordan were in their element, and
gave their oponents a merry tight ior
supremacy.
Casey and ...ealon landed the first game
by a narrow margin, while the second
went to Bonnet and Riordan. The play
ers then redoubled their efforts, and the
large crowd veiled Itself hoarse at tiie
brilliant work.
Bonnet, by clever serving, ran the score
up to 5, and Riordan added a few more
points. After long rallies an-, clever
placing, Uie game went to Bonnet and
Riordan. Their victory was short lived,
however, for the New Yorker, by unerr
ing placing and a hard service, gained
many points before being retired. Bon
net's side again forged to the front, and
the score stood about even. By a series
of hard smashes Casey ran out, leaving
the score 21 to 19. As Mr. Casey had to
make preparations ior his departure, the
deciding game was not piayed.
At the conclusion of the match Mr.
Nealon, In a neat speech, presented the
visitor with a beautiful gold-heade^ cane
as a token of his regard and a memento of
his visit to this city. Mr. Casey was
greatly surprised, and feelingly thanked
his friend for his generosity, stating that
he would look .forward to his next visit
to the coast with pleasure. In behalf of
Mr. Dunne he also thanked Mr. Nealon
for the gift.
DEATH DEFIED
THE COURT
The Grim Reaper Intervenes in
a Suit for Habeas
Corpus.
Mrs. Cercghlno'* Child Held as a
Chattel for a Debt by Ita
Grandmother.
Mrs. Elizabeth Cereghlno yesterday,
through her attorney, Eugene Bert, sued
for a writ of habeas corpus for the re
covery of her child, which she claimed
waa being held by her mother-in-law,
Mrs. M. Cereghlno, at 14 Hinckley street.
The writ was made returnable in Judge
Cook's court at 10 o'clock to-day, and the
papers were given to the Sheriff for ser
vice. About an hour afterward the Sher
iff reported to the court that the child
was dead.
Mrs. CeregWno, with her husband and
child, had been living with her mother
in-law for over a year and a few weeks
ago her husband left her and went to the
Klondike. When he went away he was
In arrears for board for himself and fam
ily to his mother and when he had gone
a family dispute arose over the bill.
About three weeks ago Mrs. Cerejrhino
went to live with her brother, leaving her
child with Its grandmother. Last Thurs
day tha child was taken 111 with pneu
monia and on Friday the mother called
to take It to her home. The grandmother
refused to let her have it in the condition
It was in or until the debt was paid, and
another dispute arose. .Yesterday the
mother appealed to the court for the cus
tody of the child, but death had taken it
beyond the reach of the power of the
Judge. The mother, even in her bitter
ness against her mother-in-law, says she
can find no fault with the care and at
tention given the child. A physician was
In constant attendance during Its Illness
and everything possible was done for It.
She said she thought it best to keep away
from her mother-in-law and let the court
recover her child for her, but death took
the child away while she was making her
appeal to the law.
Mismated Couples Separated.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted Hattle
Gallick a divorce from George Gallick on
the ground of extreme cruelty. Amanda
E. Rockwell has secured a divorce from
James Rockwell, who is now serving a
six-year term In the penitentiary. Judge
Belcher yesterday granted Lena Silver a
divorce from Meyer Silver on the ground I
of desertion. Ida G. Blanc-hard has been
granted a divorce from Charles ßlanchard
on the ground of desertion. Christofa W.
Boedtker was granted a divorce from
Esrold Boedtker yesterday on the ground
of, desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
WILL HOLD UP
THE DAIRYMEN
A New Crusade Against
Impure Milk Has
Been Begun.
The Board of Health Has
Warned the Dealers of
Its Intentions.
Milk Will Be Dumped Into th« Gutter
When Found to Bo Below
Standard.
The most rigid crusade that has yet
been begun by the Health Department
against impure milk will be inaugurat
ed within the next few days. In times
past when Impure milk has been found
in the carts of the dairymen the owners
of the ranches have frequently made
the claim that their drivers were re
sponsible for the quality of the fluid,
and the department has felt loath to
arbitrarily fix the responsibility. With
in the past few days Health Inspectors
have been quietly holding up carts in
all parts of the city and taking samples
to be examined at leisure.
In more than fifty cases the milk has
been found to be below the standard,
and a careful record has been kept of
the dairies whence it came. In
each instance the owner has been
served with a notice that his milk is
below standard and that unless a
change is made In the quality of his
wares prosecution and the dumping of
his milk will follow.
The Health Department believes that
this should be sufficient warning and
that no mistake can be made should
impure milk be sent out by the dairy
men. During the rest of this week
wagons will be stopped on all of the
avenues through which they reach this
city, and every can of milk that is not
up to the standard adopted by the
board will be poured into the gutter.
Chief Food and Milk Inspector Dock
ery. who has had several years' experi
ence watching the dairymen, believes
that the amount of impure milk
brought into this city has been on the
increase since the inspection stations
were abolished, and that the only rem
edy is a rigid crusade that will stop the
saie of milk that is below the standard.
HOFF TOLD
OF HIMSELF
Lengthy Testimony Given in
an Endeavor to Prove
an Alibi.
At Some Points of the Session Dra
matic Situations Arose and the
Lobby Was Pleased.
Albert Holt was the attraction In the
case against himself yesterday In Jucipe
Carroll Cook's court. For hour after hour
he testified as to his whereabouts at the
time of and prior to the murder of Mrs.
Clute. A rather dramatic scene was pre
sented to the breathless listeners when
Attorney Schooler took the stand and
asked the defendant to show the court
and jury how Detective Seymour had ob
tained certain evidence after his arrest.
As the attorney took the stand the ac
cused murderer raised the bloody wea
pon above his counsel's head and said,
"the officer stated that there were not
enough Germans in the country to save
me, and I might as well tell the truth, as
the rope had already been prepared which
would take my life away." The testimony
seemed to carry some weight for a mo
ment, but questions soon led the witness
into other channels and the incident was
forgotten. The witness went over his
story, as previously told, of how he had
done certain work for Mrs. Clute at her
request and that he also assisted the de
ceased in packing her household effects
prior to her Intended departure. "I left
by the back way," he said, and from his
testimony the •murdered woman was
standing on the front porch at the time of
his departure. The witness, while testi
fying in his own behalf also gave testi
mony regarding the explanation he had
given to the detectives concerning the cut
on his hand. As has been previously tes
tified to, he repeated that the slight
wound was received from a tack while re
moving matting from the floor.
At the last moment Hoff strenuously
denied that he had taken the life of Mrs.
Clute and his vehemence was such that
the lobby broke out in applause, but their
demonstrations were quickly quelled by
the court, followed by a threat that any
more disturbance would be followed by
confinement in the City Prison. The Judge
Intimated that the case was not a farce,
but a murder trial, and consequently or
der must be maintained.
The husband of the murdered woman,
E. R. Clute, was first called to testify as
to the financial condition of his wife at
the time of the murder, but the testimony
was shut out by an objection from the
prosecution, but the witness testified that
he had never seen the accused prior to
the commission of the act for which he
was on trial for his life. William Dierks,
Thomas Hannon, William Mohrmann, and
Mrs. Ida Hollls testified as to the excite
ment of Hoff when he was notified that
the facts of the murder had been pub
lished. Charles Brandt stated that Hoff
had called at his place of business for a
drink on the fatal evening, but that he
had been refused, as It seemed he was in
an intoxicated condition at the time. Lena
Lunden, a school girl, testified that she
had seen Hoff between S and 4 o'clock on
a Valencia street car going south and
that he had waved his hand to her. She
returned the salutation.
Augustus Silverberg and Milton Silver
berg testified that the defendant had
worked in the house, but that although
they had seen the carpet sack in which he
had carried his tools they had not seen
the coupllnjj pin, but on cross-examina
tion they stated that they were not posi
tive but that the pin may have been in
the tool bag. The case will go on again
to-day.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, (uc
eessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stork Irrespective of cost. •
Wreck of the Almy.
Major Davis, engineer of the lighthouse
department, has notiflfld Collector Jack
son that the wreck of the Helen W. Almy
lies about six miles outside the heads
is therefore outside of his Jurisdiction'
and that he cannot execute the Collector's
request that he destroy the wreck with
dynamite.
Chief Clerk Jerome has referred the
matter to the commandant of the navy
yard at Mare Island.
Free, 1 month's treatment. New cure. Weak
men cured to stay cured. Dr. Oordln, 614 Pine.
The Free Trade Libeled.
In. the United States District Court yes
terday John Gilbert and Peter Petersen
filed a libel against the schooner Free
Trade, the latter to recover $9 for three
days' services as ;. watchman and - deck
hand, and the former, as mate, at the
rate of $60 per month. Gilbert acted as
mate for fifteen days and was discharged
by Captain Moore without cause, as he
alleges. : , ".. ■ \:"v/. ? ';V.-*
RING & BAKER, .1302 i Market street,
■ell "BTANDARir shirts. . •
A COUNTRYMAN
SHANGHAIED
Jack Cole, a Farmer of
Madera, Escapes From
a Whaler.
Claims to Have Been Taken
Aboard When Drunk and
Drugged.
Lbßt All His Money and Clothes and
Now Awaits Advice* From Hi«
Friends.
Jack Cole, hailing from Madera, claims
that he was shanghaied aboard the
whaler Alexander while partially drunk
and drugged, and that he escaped from
her by swimming ashore at 2 a. m. Tues
day.
According to Cole's statement, he came
up from Madera a day or two ago with
$127 in his pocket for the purpose of hav
ing a good time. He had only a casual
acquaintance in the city, and when he
landed here he allowed himself to be per
suaded to accompany a smooth-spoken
hotel runner to a hostelry on Jackson
street, of which he appears to have but a
hazy knowledge. No sooner had the run
ner made his acquaintance than he ap
parently recognized in Cole a good thing
and determined to work it for all it was
worth. The runner began by Inviting
Cole to take a drink of water-front
whisky, and after two or three rounds
Cole's recollection of what occurred is
quite befogged.
The runner stuck to Cole, who spent his
money liberally and recklessly. Mon
day morning they renewed their libations,
and It must have been that Cole's money
was about exhausted and that the runner
made up his mind it would be a good Idea
to get rid of him and make an additional
raise at the same time. Cole says he has
a very hazy recollection of being taken to
a shipping office, he thinks at Battery and
Jackson streets, where he remembers
signing an advance check for $50 and also
shipping papers for a cruise on a whaler.
The advance money he did not get, and
supposes it went to the runner who took
him there. He was taken at once on
board the whaler, which was lying in the
stream, where he soon fell into a deep ,
sleep. It was well along in the evening j
when he awoke and for the first time
realized where he was. A few questions j
of the other members of the crew showed j
the predicament he was In.
Coie knew no more about a ship an- a I
sailor's duties than he did about the i
nebular hypothesis, and at once made up J
hia mind that he would get ashore in
some way. His head was still buzzing |
from the effects of the liquor and drugs
which he believed he had taken, but his
mind was set on getting ashore, and find
ing that there was no other way, he de
cided to make a swim for it. His com
panions tried to dissuade vim, saying that
he would surely urown; but he was de
cided. He thought he might better drown
than go on a whaling voyage. About 'I
o'clock a. m., when all hands were sup
posed to be asleep, he took off his outer
clothes and, with only his underclothing
on, let himself down by the chains at the
bow of the vessel and started for shore.
He says he thinks he was all of an hour
In the water, which was bitterly cold, and
must have swum two or three miles, but
he was determined to get ashore, and
finally landed at one of the wharves —
which one he does not know, but thinks
it was the Jackson-street.
Once on shore, a watchman gave him a
pair of overalls, and he warmed himself
in a saloon. When daylight came he
hunted up an acquaintance, who gave him
some old clothes, and then he started out
to communicate with his people at Ma
dera. He expects to hear from them to
morrow, when he will lose no time in
getting back to his home' aa rapidly as
possible.
The parties who shipped Colo pretended
to furnish him with an outfit for the
cruise, but when he examined the bag
after coming to himself on the whaler
he found that it only contained a dirty
old quilt, an old oilskin suit, a second
hand pair of boots and a plug of tobacco.
ATHLETIC CLUBS
BIDDING HIGH
Jeffries and Sharkey Are Of
fered Tempting Induce
ments to Fight.
The National Club Raised the Bid
of the Olympics Tan Per
Cent
The Olympic and National athletic
clubs are trying to bring about a twenty
round contest between Tom Sharkey and
Jim Jeffries.
The Olympic Club has offered the pugi
lists 60 per cent of the receipts, but the
National has raised the Olympic's bid 10
ppr cent, and may possibly capture the
plum.
Sharkey spoke very strongly a few days
ago against fighting again in this city,
but when his nearest friends informed
him of the fact that he will receive as
good If not better treatment here than
will be accorded him In the East, where
boxing Is tolerated by the authorities,
Thomas has altered his Intention of going
to New York for the purpose of meeting
Peter Maher, the Irish champion.
The managers of the National Club
have been on Sharkey's trail ever since
Jeffries disposed of JacKSon, but no man
ner of coaxing will, seemingly, induce the
sailor lad to give an affirmative or a
negative reply to the question, "Will you
fight Jeffries in our club for 70 per cent
of the receipts?"
Doubtless, Sharkey will finally consent
to light Jeffries in this city, but under
which club the contest will be held Is at
present a matter of conjecture.
Jeffries favors the Olympic Club, but
his astute manager, Billy Delaney, will
hardly consent to an agreement of any
kind unless the monetary consideration
Is to his fancy. The Olympics will cer
tainly have to make as good an offer as
the Nationals If they hope to capture the
big drawing card. Whichever club brings
off the match, it can be safely said that
it will lose money If It attempts to bring
It off at Woodward's Pavilion, which is
a very unsafe place for first-class boxing
entertainments, that Invariably attract
large gatherings of fistic sport lovers.
The Excelsior Athletic Club will as
suredly have a crowded gymnasium this
evening, as its programme of indoor sport
ia first-class. It is as follows: Three
round bouts between Jack Stenzler and
Joe Kennedy, Jimmy Lawlor and Jimmy
Riley. Jimmy Anthony and Frank Skuse,
J. McGrath and W. Otts. T. Devlne and
J. Mcl>evitt, J. Dougherty and W. Has
kins. W. Hogan and W. Lawlor, Jack
Sullivan and Joe Sullivan.
As a grand final to the preliminary
bouts, P. Lynch, the hard-hitting repre
sentative of the San Francisco Athletic
Club, will meet M. MctJormick of the
Oakland Athletic Club In an eight-round
contest for the middle-weight amateur
championship of the coast. Orator James
H. Kennedy will Introduce the contest
ants In his usual pleasant and unosten
tatious way. The first event will be
called snarply at 8 o'clock.
The inaugural athletic entertainment
and ball of the Yosemlte Athletic Club
will be held this evening In Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and ..iarket streets.
. ♦ ■
Will Mortgage Church Property. :
Judge . Belcher yesterday granted • per
mission to : the trustees of I. the , Swedish
Evangelical Lutheran ! Ebenezcr Church
of San Francisco to mortgage the church
property; to pay off another Indebtedness. ,
MARLOWE WAS A
GOOD RUNNER
Broke and Ran With the
Rest as Soon as a Shot
Was Fired.
Developments at the Inquest on
the Body of Lieutenant
Burke.
George Csehsl, the Brave Patrol
Driver, Tells the Story of a Brutal
Murder and. Foul Cowardice.
Coroner Hawkins held an Inquest
yesterday on the body of Police Lieu
tenant William F. Burke, who was
murdered last Wednesday by Theo
dore Park Haynes while resisting ar
rest for an assault with intent to mur
der a neighbor.
Haynes was present with his attor
neys, J. N. E. Wilson and Edward
Sweeney. He listened intently to the
testimony with a grim and determined
expression of countenance. When asked
by the Coroner whether he wished to
testify on his own behalf he replied
that he did, but was kept In his seat
by Attorney Wilson. At the conclusion
of the testimony Haynes said that he
had some objections to make to the
proceedings, but he was again silenced
by his lawyers.
Only two witnesses were examined,
Policeman T. W. Marlowe, who ran
away when Haynes shot his lieutenant,
and the brave patrol driver, George
Cashel, who risked his life to take the
bleeding form of the mortally wounded
officer out of the range of the mur
derer's bullets. Marlowe gave his testi
mony with a More-sco tragedian air and
a stentorian voice worth at least $20 a
week on the boards of that popular re
sort. He told how gallantly he had fired
off the five chambers of his trusty re
volver and how he had sauntered away
at a lively gait after more ammunition,
it appearing to be the practice of the
San Francisco police to carry no more
ammunition than their pistols will hold.
The testimony of George Cashel, the
patrol driver, was to the effect that as
he sat on the wagon watching Lieuten
ant Burke and Officers Marlowe and
Wilkinson approaching the prisoner,
who held a loaded revolver in each
hand, he saw Haynes fire on the de
ceased and saw the deceased fall. At
the same moment the officers brake for
cover and began firing at Haynes. Just
after Haynes fired the first shot at
Burke Marlowe ran down the hill at
full speed firing his revolver as he ran.
Cashel called upon the officers to help
him take the deceased away from the
place where he was lying in front of
Haynes' house, but nobody came for
ward to help him, and he went alone.
Then Marlowe made his apVearance
near the house, waved his revolver in
the air and shouted: "Come on, I have
! the door covered, and If he comes out
I will kill him."
Detective Cody exhibited the pistols
used by the murderer. The handle of
the revolver belonging to the deceased
was broken and there were three marks
i on the cylinder In front of the hammer,
' showing that it had been broken with a
I hatchet or some similar tool and not by
a bullet, as was at first supposed.
The jury returned a verdict that the
j deceased came to his death from a gun
i shot wound inflicted by the prisoner.
COAKLEY IS NOW MISSING.
The Most Important Witness Against
Dr. Hall Cannot Be Found.
The second trial of Dr. Samuel H. Hall,
accused of having caused the death of
Mrs. Ida Coakley through a criminal
operation, was resumed yesterday before
Judge Dunne. The five remaining Jurors
required to complete the jury were se
cured yesterday morning, and a recess
was then taken.
When court reconvened in the after
noon John Coakley, the husband of the
dead woman, was announced to he miss
ing. Coakley was indicted with Hall, and
on the first trial the charge of murder
pending against him was dismissed In or
der that he might testify against Hall.
The story told by Coakley was directly
against Hall, and laid the death of Mrs.
Coakley at Hall's door.
The police and deputies from the
Sheriff's office have used every endeavor
to locate him, and it is now believed that
he has fled from the State. Under the cir
cumstances there is but little expectancy
of securing a conviction.
Herald Suit Against the Chronicle.
On motion of Horace G. Platt, counsel
for the New York Herald, Judge Morrow
of the United Statas Circuit Court con
tinued until next Monday the matter of
the suit of the Herald against M. H. de
Young of the Chronicle for damages for
having systematically stolen the dis
patches of the Herald.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
go li • The skeleton in
BY if f'/TT- many a household is
I fcM V H/ep^a the peculiar weak-
feyffi. \ I<£%!& nes9 of the wife and
\V k\ j 1 tl^aL mother, or of the
L 'l !*\i3S^ J?^^V wife who ought to be
w. 1 Hi!lajsßnS^K» a mother and is not.
& Iff W*«v^'l Happiness is de-
[SShIMSW^ stroyed by the prea-
wi r\ /f&w\ ence of the secret
Hwi // 1/ J ' I s ' c^ ness tnat may
Rft3 /[ w/ lurk like a grinning
m*k**<y death among the
Bra I*"'-* most luxurious
10 If I homes. The most
I* ilj terrible thing about
,; - • this condition of af-
feirs is that it is entirely needless. There is
no reason in the world why every woman
in the world should not be strong and health-
ful and capable of fulfilling her whole duty
as a wife and mother. Many women go on
month after month, and year after year, be-
coming weaker and weaker, because of a
very natural hesitancy they feel in consult-
ing a physician. They know that if they go
to a doctor for treatment, the first thing he
will insist on will be "examination", and
"local treatment." This must of course be
distasteful to every modest woman. They
are generally as unnecessary as they are ab-
horrent. Dr. Pierce s Favoritt Prescription
cures positively, perfectly, permanently, all
varieties of "female weakness" and dis-
ease. It is designed to do this one thing,
and it does it. It is the only medicine now
before the public for woman's peculiar ail-
ments, adapted to her delicate organization
by a regularly graduated physician— an ex-
perienced and : skilled - specialist . in these
maladies. It cannot do harm in any condi- \
tion of the system. Its sales exceed the
combined sales of all other medicines for
women. ■'...*'.
Every woman will be healthier and happier for
... —*r>^ . following the friendly, practical
*^yi^§?^^ counsel contained in Dr. Fierce*
H T&?t*Sra! £ reat universal doctor book:
H> IfiS!&» " The People's . Common Sense
U —k. H SEW* Medical Adviser.'!. It is the most
P«T!?'V U "SSS comprehensive medical work in
V^* IIm&»» one volume in: the English lan-
I %ja^|j UM^ " guage. It contains 1008 pages,
D H fully illustrated. 680,000 copies
E. ■Si-^oß' - aye ' been sold at $1.50 each
« ETU °° un d in cloth. The profits are
.^%ffl •' jj \dp sow used in printing nalf-a-mill- -
'**' .' ion free copies bound in strong
manilla paper covers.- , To get one you have only
:to send 21 one»cent stamps ( to pay cost of mail-
ing only ), to World's Dispensary Medical Associ-
ation, No. 66% Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y. Send
promptly wore all art given away if in Want
of one* * They are going; off rapidly. *
ADVERTISEMENTS^^^
OF
FINE
t • * ■ * , " " ; "- . "
GERMAN LINENS!
We have just received direct from the
manufacturers in GERMANY a very large
• shipment of extra quality Housekeeping
Linens, and commencing MONDAY, March
28, will offer the same at lower prices
than similar goods have ever been sold at
in San Francisco. .
The assortment consists of HEMSTITCHED and FRINGED
TABLE SETS, FRINGED LUNCH SETS, HEMSTITCHED and
FRINGED DOYLIES, HEMSTITCHED and PLAIN NAPKINS, HEM-
STITCHED TRAY CLOTHS and STAND COVERS, HEMSTITCHED
and FRINGED TOWELS, HEMSTITCHED TEA CLOTHS, HEM-
STITCHED TABLE SCARFS and a great variety of FINE
TABLE DAMASKS, with NAPKINS to match.
SPECIAL-
250 dozen GERMAN DAMASK NAPKINS,
Inches square, handsome patterns—
$3.00 Dozen.
SPECIAL-
40 pieces EXTRA QUALITY TABLE DAM-
ASK, all new designs—
■ $1.00 Yard.
4h
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET/
i lUf BH i Hrffttflß •^3B?^JSiMJ^^^BßH^wi^^B B^B*IHBJ<i!O&M (f irl HiTlßfTfl jflßaiiaß WKn~-~ ~** m
■"■-■■ I - .
A yoong gentleman, whose character is above reproach, promi-
nent in the religious circles of a Pennsylvania village, an ezhorter of
the M. E. Society there, Secretary of the Quarterly Conference and
at one time President of the Christian Endeavor Society, has long
been a user of Ripans Tabules, and says of them : " They keep my
bowels open, they do not gripe, they do not purge, and I do not have
bad pains in my stomach any more, which I had, with dyspepsia and
constipation, for years — in fact, up to about three days after I began
taking the Tabules. There used to be some kinds of food my stomach
would sicken on — pork, for instance. I could not eat it without having
a distressed feeling. Now everything goes down, pork and greasy
food, that used to make me sick to think of. I always have & few of
the Tabnles in my pocket for use if occasion arises."
0000000000
% m PALACE "■*?%
% GRAND hotels o
q SAN FRANCISCO. ~t
Connected by . a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. C
O Au. Under One Maxagemk^t. -O
O NOTE THE PRICES : q
q European Plan. 9 l. OO p»;r day and upward
" American Plan. I*3. OO per day and upward O
O ' Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIREPATBICK, Mintgir. q
00000000000 0000000
DR.MCMJLTYT
rvmit yntLV-Kvpvnx and RELIABLE olh
J. Special Ist Private .Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases " f Men O n> v . Manly Power restore.!. Over
20 years 1 experience. Send for Book. free, f'atlenti
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to a
dally;«: 30 toB.SOcvVs..Sor,day ,10tol2. ConsuUa-
Uon free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
I*. BOSCOE HeNVLTT, W. ».,
28>^ Kenrny Street, K»n Francltou. ««»l |
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la > a powerful phrou.slao and > Bpeclflo ionic
, for the sexual • and urinary organs : of, both
■exea. and a great remedy for diseases of th*
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
iterator and - Nervine. Sells on Us own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABEK, ALFB & BRINE. Agent.
Ml Market Street. 8. , F.— (Send for Circular.)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
r* O O MARKET ST.; Opp. i'AX.ACa
000 Hotel. Teiepbon. W». R«ad«lS^^fi
, 1-ai.uci* atcM^ a^itpkoav ' ww* • iJL m
PClileheater'a Ea«U*h Dljuom d Brant
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<sir-^ Original and Only Se««l«e. ?A. ■-■;-
4~*t «v\ ** rt - »I»»7» reliable. laoiis " k JTV
A(7V>SiSL Drn «B»it for ate*««fr • «^**» D ,\Tf£*&
(gW&r&S&mondßraTid la Red »nd C"" mt t*lUo\VCr
< W — «T>jS3boxM, «e»loJ with blue ribbon. Take VST
.', I*l «^!sjiio other. Jf*^u« danyw ntittitu- V
I / ■■' ~ tJftiom and imitation*. At Pr»»gt«t«. on ml <•.
I<• Jf in lUmpi for p»rtiri. »'' t«itlmonl»l« »oi
f . •*» B "K*Uef for Ladled" *»{**«*»"• >>7 rAtora
—V ir MalL IH.OOOTV-nn^nult /T««M,>p«r.
"r Chloh cutrr riiejnlcal Co.. M «dl»^« (» i«a»%
OH by aU LorM Driwd>ta. PHILAI< A.. FA>
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S <»*•*.
m^r Museum of Anatomy
ls&k \ ICSI If ASSET ST. bat. 6th A 7th, 3. 7. W.
H S B The L*rg*stofltsklndinth»W<wUL
I^^>\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I,HW[ Coo»ult»:ioo free. TVrue for n«ok
W Philosophy of Marriage.
h O MAILED FREE.
SS OPIUM.
.The par* essential extract from the natlre draff. Cow
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Ori'im
Without its noxious elements. I No sickness cf utom
no Tomlt.ng ;no coi-tivenegs ; no headache. AUDnift. t^S
*' nHSKSfSte^*"} jf -B's *"' a non-poisonoxia
<<^ra^M*?TT^teia remedy for Gonorrhrea,
■ ■■TcCRE^I Gleet, Spermatorrhcea,
Xagajy in 1 tos.l»Ts.^ffl Whites, unnatural dii-
mßfSm On»r»ntei-d M charges, or any inflaiima-
fiC»Jß not to «trictare. tion. irritation or ulcera-
1''""°" eoouglon. tion of mi dcc n » ' mem-
KSmrHEEvANSCnEMir»LOr). Branca. Non-astringent.
r:iNCiNW*T: n BH Sold by »pnssi»t»,
U.S. x 3Bb or Bent in P'aiu wrapper,
i 1i 1 'WHff^» _^^^H by express, prepaid, foj
'•^^■V&B 11-00I 1 - 00 or 3 bottles, «2.75.
. ; * ■ Circui»r i^nt oa m«HdSHOT IN THE
HEAD BY A
RIVAL SUITOR
Ed E. Halsey of South Ber=
keley Killed by Stacey
Rogers of Lorin.
The Murderer Afterward Surren
ders Himself at Golden Gate.
Berkeley's First Homicide.
BERKELEY. March 29.— Ed E. Hal- |
«ey, a young carpenter of South Berke
ley, was shot and almost instantly
killed th.s evening by Stacey Rogers, a
sign panter of Lorin. at the residence .
of Charles D. Haines, corner of Prince !
and Fulton streets, South Berkeley.
Halsey and Rogers had quarreled early
in the day, and this evening when Rog
er* called at Haines' house Halsey |
Btarted to throw him from the porch |
down stairs. Rogers drew a revolver
and shot Halsey, the ball penetrating
the breast and piercing the aorta. Hal
sey staggered back from the porch to i
one of the rear rooms of the house,
where he died in less than five minutes |
after receiving the fatal wound. Dr. i
Allen of Ashby avenue, who had been
Immediately summoned, arrived after
the man breathed his last.
Jealousy over a woman, Mrs. Eva
Fenton Harrison, who is employed in j
the household of Haines, seems to have
been at the bottom of the trouble be- •
tween Halsey and Rogers. Halsey was
a frequent caller at the Haines resi
dence, whither he came to see Mrs. |
Harrison, or Miss Fenton, as she is i
known in the neighborhood. He also j
came to see Haines, with whom he
often had business. Halsey being a car
penter and builder and Haines being a
painter. Halsey was on terms of close
friendship with Mrs. Harrison, with
whom he had been acquainted as Miss
Fenton, before she married Harrison, j
He resided with his sister, Mrs. Robert
Hunter, on Ashby avenue, below Grove i
street.
This evening he called at the Haines
residence and was sitting in a room in
the rear of the house when Rogers |
came to the front door and inquired for
Mr. Haines. Halsey heard him and !
recognized the voice as that of Rogers,
when he had warned to stay away
from the Haines home under penalty of
being thrashed. Halsey hastened to the
front door and out on to the front I
porch, where, according to the state
ment of Haines, who was standing by,
he grappled with Rogers and attempted
to force him down the stairs. Rogers j
drew a revolver and fired point blank
at Halscy's breast. He then hurriedly
fled with a companion who stood on the i
sidewalk waiting for him.
Halsey, immediately after being shot, j
staggered back into the house. When i
h« reached the sitting room he fell and
died almost immediately in the pres
ence of Haines, who stood powerless to
help him.
Deputy Coroner Streightif and Mar
shal Lloyd of Berkeley were quickly
notified. The former made arran^- |
ments to have the body removed to the
Berkeley Branch Morgu». The Marshal
started out after Rodgers.
Halsey had been in Berkeley for some
Alme and had recently opened a carpen
ler shop on Ashby avenue. He seems
to have borne the reputation of being
a sober and industrious workman. His
sister. Mrs. Rcbert Hunter, with whom j
he resided, was nearly prostrated when |
she heard of his tragic death. She de
clared that the shock would kill the
aged mother of the deceased, who lives
in New York.
Stacey Rogers, the murderer, is
hardly 22 years of age and does not
bear the best of reputations in his ;
neighborhood.
While a sign painter by trade he Is
paid to have spent a large part of his
time in the company of a gang of Lorin
hoodlums. He and Halsey have fre
quently quarreled and Halsey had
threatened to thrash him if he came
near the Haines house, where Mrs. Har
rison was staying. Haines believes
that Rogers came to the house this
evening for the purpose of bothering
Halsey, and that when Halsey started
for him he believed he would thrash
him, and accordingly pulled a gun on
Halsey.
Mrs. Harrison was rendered hysteri
cal as a result of the tragic death of
Halsey and could give no statement in
regard with her relations with Halsey
or with her husband, M. Harrison, from
whom she has been separated for some j
time and of whose whereabouts noth
ing Is known. Mrs. Harrison is a
rather prepossessing young blonde and
Is well known in South Berkeley, where
she has i*sided for a number of years.
At 10 o'clock to-night Stacey Rogers
surrendered himself to Officer Jack
Sherry at Golden Gate, and an hour
later he was In the Oakland City
Prison. He was very nervous and ex
citable, and at once sent for his broth-
I er, Leo Rogers, who 13 employed at
Taylor's lumber yard in Berkeley. He
is a very respectable looking young
fellow and gives his age as Just 21.
Rogers required but little persuasion
to tell his story of the trouble which
originated over a young married
woman.
"For some time past," said Rogers,
"there has been some feeling of jeal
ousy between Halsey and myself over i
Mrs. Eva Harrison. We never had any i
open quarrel, but I knew he did not \
like my calling at the house of Mr. and j
Mrs. Haines, where Mrs. Harrison •
stays. This afternoon we met and had j
a few words. Halsey said I was not j
wanted at the Haines house, and th;it
he would see that I kept away. He said
If he could not do it one way he wouil
another. I knew what this meant, be- j
cause I have heard that once he used a
knife when in a scrape. I told him I
would go to see Mrs. Harrison if I
chose, and he defied me.
"He told me he was going to the
house to-night and I decided to ro
there too. When I met Mr. Haines, |
who opened the door, I asked him if
he wanted me to keep away from the
house. He said he did and just then I
saw Halsey come out of a door at the j
head of the stairs. I looked at him and j
paw that he had his hand raised,
fancied I saw something shining in It ;
nnd knowing what he had said this ;
afternoon about doing me up I drew
my gun and fired. I remember seeing
the flash and seeing him fall and then j
I ran off. I wandered around for about j
an hour and then I was cooled off and j
decided to give myself up. I met Of- j
fleer Sherry, told him of what I had j
done, and he brought me here.
"I am a newspaper man and three :
weeks ago was doing some work for
the Stockton Independent. I have also {
worked for the Illustrated World. I j
have mostly done canvassing. I hav^
no relatives on the coast except my
brother. - I met Mrs. Harrison before j
she was married. She did not live with j
her husband long and they have been
separated for some time. I should j
not have gone tn the Haines house to
night solely on my own account, but I
have a friend named Charley MeGreer
who was anxious to meet Mrs. Harri
son. He knew I was acquainted with
her and he asked me to arrange a
meeting between them. I went there
to-night for that purpose.
"Halsey is a married man, but does
not live with his wife. He had trou
ble with her and ran off to Mexico till
it blew over. I have known him for
a long time, but we never quarreled
till to-day. I never met his wife and
do not know where she is. Halsey
has on no occasion told me to keep
away from his wife.
"I consider that I did the shooting
in self-defense, because I really be
lieved that Halsey had a gun in his
j hand when he raised it. I have never
■ been in trouble in my life before, and
! although I was prepared to defend my
! self if need be, I did not go to the
Haines house with any intention of
shooting. I am sorry I have killed
my friend, and very sorry that I have
been forced to bring a lady's name into
this unpleasant affair."
The killing of Halsey is the first
murder that has occurred in Berkeley
since the branch morgue was estab
lished there about six yean ago. A
Berkeleyan who has resided in the col
lege town for twenty years declares
that it is the first case of homicide that
has occurred in the history of the town.
Tl ff USIEEK!" commanded the French
|\ /I instructor with the Celtic sound
l\/l lng name; the band struck up
IV I " All Coons Look Alike to Me,"
'-!•»-*- and nineteen ladles and gentle
men trotted, galloped, walked, loped,
pranced, wheeled and slid around the tan
bark ring of the Pacific avenue armory,
while fully three hundred and nineteen of
San Francisco's four hundred — the other
eighty-one being either sick abed or trav
eling— on and applauded the "Mu
sical Ride" of the second annual exhibi
tion of the San Francisco Riding Club, a
swell organization of alleged lovers * of
horseflesh, which sprang into - existence
about three years ago through the exer
tions of Mrs. Major W. B. Hooper, a true
devotee of outdoor sport, who rides like a
female centaur and who really enjoys a
pastime, that . requires a courage and
knowledge of technique that few women
possess. , •
"Musieek!" again shouted the peculiar
looking individual from La Belle France,
who, attired in a pair of pajamas and a
coat much too large for him, led the pro
cession; and the band changed to some
thing that sounded like a tarantella from
Meussdorffer, while the horses • in th«
ring, under the skillful guidance of their
riders, turned this way and that, form-
Ing innumerable figures and different
groupings while keeping almost perfect
time to the rhythmic cadence of the
music. ,_ \,
It was a pretty sight to see the beauti
ful animals, their - well-groomed coats
shining like satin, obeying each touch of
the gentle hands that guided them, pass
around the ring, evincing a pride in their
grace and sower - which was almost
MASTERS OF ART.
A New Board of Directors Is Ap
pointed to Govern the Art
Association.
The annual meeting- and election of of
ficers of the Hopkins Institute of Art was
held yesterday afternoon and the follow
ing officers elected for the coming year:
Joseph D. Grant. L. P. Latimer. Edward
Bosqui, Horace G. Platt. George Whit
tell, Arthur Rogers, Henry Heyman, Ir
ving If. Scott and William G. Stafford.
All these candidates were on the regular
tlcKet, which was unanimously carried,
with the exception of two members,
James D. Phelan and James W. Byrne.
In the evening- at the annual meeting
Secretary Martin forwarded his yearly
report relating to the condition of the
affairs of the association and its various
branches of instruction during the Dast
year.
Professor Mathews advanced a proposi
tion to have the price of tuition of the
antique drawing class and the life model
ing class fixed at $7 for each. At present
those attending the antique class pay but
$*5. while the life class pays $7 a quarter
for instruction.
The motion was placed on file and will
be discussed at the next regular meeting
of the Institute.
BIGGY TO MAKE CHANGES.
The New Registrar Wants All Elec
tion Officers Chosen by Lot.
Registrar Biggy, who has already taken
possession of his office, has decided to
make several changes in the personnel of
his staff, and at least five men will be
relieved and others placed in their posi
tions. The names of those who will be
superseded by men of Mr. Biggy's selec
tion have not yet been given out. At
least two of them will be put on special
work for some time to come. Mr. Biggy
has taken hold of the work of his office
with a will, and has already decided that
registration for the charter" election shall
begin April 26. Slips designating the poll
ing places will be mailed to voters as Cast
as the corps of clerks can get them cm.
The new Registrar is in favor of drawing
the names of election clerks by lot from
among the 4000 names that have been sent.
Into the office by the various political
parties. It is probable that he will adopt
this course.
GRIGG'S LECTURE.
The Speaker Will Close His Course
Next Tuesday.
! Professor Grigg of Stanford delivered ;
| a most interesting lecture on "Dante's •
Paradise" before the members of the ■
Charming Auxiliary yesterday. Next j
i Tuesday will be the last in the course
which he Is delivering, and will be en
titled "The Beatific Vision." It is an- !
nounced that Professor Grigg will most j
likely give another course under the aus- ;
i pices of the Charming Auxiliary.
BEAUTY AND THE BEASTS WERE THERE.
Society Turns Out in Force to Witness the Evolutions of
the San Francisco Riding Club.
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CAkli, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
STREET CARS IN COLLISION.
A northbound electric car on the Fillmore street line collided with
an inbound Hayes-street cable car at Hayes and Fillmore streets early
last night. Several passengers were Injured by the broken panes of
glass, but none of them seriously. One old lady, living at 610 Mission
street, suffered considerably from the shock, and the officials of the
road sent her home in a carriage. The blame for the accident is laid to
the gripman of the Hayes-street car. The electric car line has the right
of way and it was the duty of the gripman of the cable road to stop
before reaching the crossing and make sure that the line was clear be
fore attempting to cross the tracks of the electric road. He failed
to do, and his car was squarely on the tracks of the Fillmore line
when the electric car came down the steep grade, and before the mo
torman could get his brakes set the wreck was complete. The side
of the cable car was smashed In and the front of the Fillmore-street
car was badly damaged. The forward truck of the cable car was dis
abled and the grip refused to work. The damaged car was pushed
down Hayes street with the intention of taking it to the turn table at
the foot of Market street and on back to the power house. The dam
aged car went all right on the straight track on Hayes street, but
when It struck the curve at Market street the wheel of the damaged
truck left the track, and It went bouncing over the cobbles toward the
curb An effort was luade to put it back on the tracks, but the car
was too badly damaged to insure It running as far as the turn table,
and as a matter of expediency it was run clear of the tracks and left
until traffic had stopped, when a wrecking gang placed new trucks un
der it and hauled it to the car house.
REORGANIZATION
OF A CORPORATION
Tangled Affairs of the Oregon
Improvement Com
pany.
Eastern Capitalists Took Charge o!
trio Business on This
Coast.
The tangled affairs of the Oregon Im
provement Company, which got into a
bad way some years ago through mis
management and unfortunate invest
ments, was straightened up by means of
a number of deeds that were filed in the
Recorder's office yesterday.
The reorganization of the company,
which had been in the hands of a re
ceiver, was made possible by the deed
ing by Special Commissioner Eben Smith
to John I. Waterbury and T. Jefferson
Coolidge Jr. of the immense Interests or
the concern. These gentlemen represent
the Pacific Coast Company, a concern
made up of Eastern capitalists, whose
aggregate wealth amounts to many mil
lions. The Farmer's Trust Company also
filed quitclaim deeds releasing the old
concern from its obligations.
The property transferred consists or
vast mining: and shipping interests and
also the coal bunkers and the land on
which they stand in this city. The new
company "will entirely reorganize the
concern and endeavor to place it on a
paying basis.
EXCELLENT BASKET-BALL.
Second Game in the Finals of the Big
Tournament.
The second game in the finals of the
basket bail tournament was played last
Thursday evening at the gymnasium of
the Y. M. C. A. of this city, when the
Business Men of San Francisco defeated
the Athens of Oakland in a very lively
contest by the close score of 12 to 10
points.
Both teams entered the gymnasium
with a determination to win the honors
of the day and the golden trophy of the
I coast championship. The players lined
up as follows:
Business Men. Position. Athens.
F M. Goodrich. Forward F. Bock
Louis Titus Forward J. Lancaster
W. Wilson Center F. Edwards
C. Bernhard XJuard H. Muller
C. J. Auzer Suard W. E. Rode
In the first half the play was consider
ably broken up by the rulings of the offi
cers, who applied the rules as strictly as
possible in order to avoid any roughness
and to control the excitement which pre
vailed all during the great game. Points
were made during the first twenty min
utes by Titus and Wilson for the local team
i and by Bock and Lancaster for the Oak-
I landers. The score stood 6 to 4 in favor
of the Business Men when the whistle
blew for the intermission, and It was this
lead that saved the game for the local
players, as both teams secured 6 points
j each in the second half.
The Athens played the game under a
protest against the disqualification of one
of their players at the game played last
' week. The "ruling was made for one year
; without appeal, but the Athens will bring
' the matter up before the league commit
j tee and make also a legal fight for the
I championship honors.
EARLY MAIL CLOSING.
Postmaster Montague Bequests Busi
ness Men to Deposit Their
Mail Early and Often.
Postmaster Montague has issued a cir
cular to business men on the Importance
of getting in their mail earlier than usual
during the present month while the mail
Is being weighed. The circular states
that at the present time a large propor
tion of the mail emanating from the busi
ness houses is hot deposited in the boxes
until late in the evening. The postmas
ter requests business men that all mail
matter be sent to the postofflce or mailed
in the street boxes frequently during the
day.
This is specially important at the pres
ent time while the malls are being
weighed and extra labor is thrown upon
the dispatching force at Station D at the
foot of Market street. As mail deposited
human. It was a pretty sight to see the
confidence which existed between them
selves and their mistresses. It was a
wonderful sight to turn from the contem
plation of the ladies and the horses and
look at full-grown men solemnly wander
ing around the Inclosed space without
even one little smile to show they were
conscious of the humor of the spectacle
they were voluntarily creating. Follow
ing the musical ride, which was partici
pated in by the following: ladies and
gentlemen— Mrs. W. B. Hooper, Mrs.
Fannie Lent, Miss Kohler, Miss Rose
Hooper, Miss Elsie Lilienthal, Miss Far
quharson, Webster Jones, Charles de
Young, E. N. Bee, S. H. Boardman, W. B.
Chapman and G. C. B. Anderson — came
tilting at the rings.
This consisted of three gentlemen, W.
B. Chapman, Donzell Brown and H. T.
Bothin, trying to poke a stick through an
Iron ring, a la merry-go-round. Mr. Chap
man, a corpulent gentleman with a sandy
mustache, proved the winner, as he poked
five times and got five rings. He was
contested hard for his place by Brown,
who in five pokes only missed once by a
fraction of an Inch.
'ihe next feature on the programme
was tandem driving by Mrs. Fannie Lent,
Miss Farquharson, Webster Jones and
Charles de Young. This was really a
clever exhibition and was deservedly ap
piauded.
Following the tandems came some rough
"riding, consisting of vaulting over and
occasionally on a stationary horse, which
was afterward put in motion, attached to
a string, when the pastime was diversi
fied by the addition of a little ground and
lofty tumbling, la wfelob latter cojopeU
there at the last moment Is apt to be held
over from twelve to twenty-four hours,
due to the extra labor involved In taking
the weights, all business men will ap
preciate the importance of acting upon
the suggestions of the postmaster. Boxes
in the business sections of the city are
collected nineteen times per day, so that
all that is needed is to deposit mail in
these boxes as fast as it accumulates.
OUR DEFENSES.
Major Field of the United States
Artillery Talked About Them
to Grand Army Men.
George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., gave
its first quarterly entertainment of the
year to its friends in the assembly hall of
the Red Men's Building last night, and
the audience that assembled crowded the
hall, which was tastefully decorated with
battle flags and corps badges. There was
presented a fine programme, which in
cluded vocal music by the Philomels and
by Carlton W. Seely, instrumental music
by H. A. Friedlander, a recitation by Miss
Virginia Cranne, and contributions by
the gramophone. The feature of the
evening, however, was a concise, interest
ing address on "The Defense of San
Francisco," by Major Edward Field. Sec
ond United States Artillery, Inspector of
Artillery for the Department of Califor
nia.
The major, In the outset, drew attention
to an article on coast defenses that ap
peared in a local paper, which set forth
that the defenses erected at this point
was a useless waste of money, as an ene
my from Point San Pedro could bombard
not only San Francisco, but the cities
across the bay. The speaker said that
was a case of an individual writing on a
subject with which he was not familiar,
and demonstrated that if an enemy at
tempted to shell San Francisco from the
point named the shells would fall four
miles short of the city and would be many
miles from the cities- across the bay.
He told of the manner in which the
fortifications have been erected, and how
the fire of the various batteries can be
concentrated on the approaching ships of
an enemy, and described the difficulty a
vessel or a fleet would encounter in an
endeavor to pass through the Golden
Gate. He explained the first line of de
fense outside of the Gate, the second
within it, and the third, which Includes
Sausalito Heights, Alcatraz, Angel Island
and Point San Jose. He also explained
the working of the big guns and the
mortars, and told that by pure mathe
matical calculation It is possible to range
batteries of sixteen mortars throwing
luoO-pound projectllfs, which can be fired
simultaneously at a vessel, and so accu
rate is the aim that a vesgel cannot es
cape being: struck. The only chance of
entering the harbor he seJd, would be
In a fog. Jn his opinion. San Francisco
is the best protected city in the United
States. He said that each gun put in
position was an International policeman,
and that all nations understanding that
they will not only think twice, but twenty
times before engaging in war. He be
lieved In peace, and declared that it must
not be purchased at the sacrifice of those
principles for which the soldiers of the
War of the Rebellion shed their blood.
The entertainment closed with the sing
ing of "America."
Justice Carroll's Wife Dead.
Mrs. John A. Carroll, wife of the well
known Justice of the Peace, died sud
denly yesterday at her residence, 2524 Clay
street. Mrs. Carroll had been suffering
from pneumonia, but was thought to be
on the fair way to recovery when the dis
ease took a sudden turn for the worse and
carried her aw- \\
Mrs. Carroll \sas an estimable lady and
leaves a host of friends to mourn her
loss. Justice Carroll is almost prostrated
by his wife's death, having sppnt several
days and nights nursing her continually.
Mrs. Clunie's Condition.
There was no change for the better in
the condition of Mrs. A. J. Clunle, wife
of the Insurance Commissioner, at a late
hour last nigni. Her friends have very
little nope of her recovery. Yesterday
Drs. Gardner and MaaMonagrle were
called in as consulting physicians with
Dr. Spencer, the family physician, but
nothing, seemingly, could be done to give
the family hope that she would get well.
San Bias Arrived.
The steamer San Bias arrived In port
from Panama last evening and anchored
off the barge office. The quarantine offi
cers will go aboard this morning, and the
vessel will then be alowed to dock. Cap
tain Russell made the run to this city in
twenty days, arriving: on schedule time.
GTS GARSON. 2.% Keamy street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
tion E. N. Bee proved an easy winner
over S. H. Boardman, G. C. B. Anderson,
H. Sawyer, Charles de Young and J.
Boequeraz, the other competitors, who
occasionally managed to stay on.
The next two features, "Unicorn Team," !
driven by Miss Rose Hooper, and "High '
School," in which ..irs. Hooper's beautiful :
Caprice was made to dance and waltz i
around the ring to music, were exceod- I
ingly pretty exhibitions of clever ridi>ig, I
and the pyramid team driving of Count j
de Bauvier, which followed, was about as
Skillful an exhibition of handling as one i
could wish to see.
Hurdle jumping, the most exciting part
of the whole programme, showed some
excellent riding by all who took part, and I
wound up the equine part of the enter
tainment, after which refreshments were
perved and a little informal dancing in
dulged in.
The exhibition taken as a whole was an
exceedingly pretty and for this city a
novel one. It snowed that among so
ciety's butterflies there are some who
have both the energy and courage to be- I
come perfectly accomplished horsewomen, j
who can well afford to stand comparison
with any in the world.
The part of the programme executed
by the men, however, was not so satis
factory, as it did not, excepting the tan
dem and pyramid driving perhaps, show
any degree of excellence that could not
be surpassed by the average fifteen-year
old Californian who never knew what a j
riding teacher was in his life.
The decorations caught fire twice from I
their proximity to the gas Jets, but the
flames were promptly extinguished,
though they caused sum© little excite-
TWO JOBS
ON ALAMO
SQUARE
Bids Received by the
Board for Work
Already Done.
Calculations of the Com
bine Upset by a
Rank Outsider.
The Handley Scheme Which
Caused a Breeze Among
the Supervisors.
HISTORY OF THE WORK.
High Prices Paid by tha Department
for Repairs on Accepted
Streets.
The Superintendent of Streets Is
pursuing a line of official condact that
| may involve himself and bondsmen In
I serious trouble. He is permitting con
tractors to charge an excessive sum
for street repairs and authorizing the
acceptance of inferior work. Examples
of his neglect or indifference can be
cited. He has made a private ar
rangement with the City Street Im
| provement Company, of which J. H.
McDonald is president, to do repair
work here and there on accepted
streets. The contractor charges about
what he pleases. McDonald's bills far
i the month of December amounted to
j $3285. A charge of 12 cents a square
I foot has been allowed for repairing bl
tumen where the old material belong-
| ing to the city was used In the repair.
There are items showing that the con
tractor has been allowed 20 cents a
| square foot for repairing accepted
I streets. New work can be done for a
! lower price than 20 cents a square
foot.
The facts coming to light concern
ing so-called improvements adjacent to
ADVERTISEMENTS. " . _._._. ■__ v.u ._ rij^_._ r _._. j . j ._._.
fix*) '"" Hj*>_
.§ Women tell Mrs. Pinkham the whole truth §
•If ■ about themselves and that is the reason jjg^
J| she is able to help them. -J9*
t! BK^g^g^B^i^B^S^^^^^PaMß^^W \ pletely discouraged. I had tried dif- JLjP*
:^^^^gj^^^^g^^, l jja^J^^^ ™, ferent kinds of medicine, and had U^jT
is-f^^*^.-^-^sS^^[Wfß%filSßBy "^ been to a number of doctors, but could Xa
and losing strength every day. I was so weak that I 'jL tt jr'
V could hardly sit up, and was' very nervous and down- (L*«v
«^l- . hearted. Had backache and headache most of, the '2'^*'
>s>A time, also falling- of the womb, trembling- spells and dizziness. After receiving 1 your letter, I began tak- (HJr
ing your Vegetable Compound, Blood Purifier and Liver Pills. I had taken them but a few days before TJ>.
>^r I began to feel better, and have keen gaining very ,' fast ever since. I shall advise all my friends who ; £*e£
J^ are sick to write to you. I thank you for what you have done for me. You have certainly saved my «g-3»«
■**^3c .■••■' life and ; may Heaven bless you. — Mrs. Chables D. Weeded, . Bridgewater Corners, Vt. . • /p&s/r
•«Q. Perfect reliance on the - sacredness of the confidential relations * JO*
t Jif i with Mrs. Pinkham, coupled with the I feeling that they • are telling Sgv
"^A their story to a woman, leads women to tell to her the whole truth, Q^
-«Q- thus enabling her to give most intelligent counsel. Mrs. Pinkham's :»*
-^V ' addrfess'is Lynn, Mass. A woman best understands a woman's ills. : 5© > «
**feS —-______ <S^
■§} Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound - |§[
[3 A Woman's Remedy for Woman's -Ills. Cg,
"' .■.-■■■-■.■ -.i:. i: .■'-* - <-.-■■ ."^' ■'.''. ■,■'■■ ■•■■■■.,■■.'■ ■*.■■■■. T : ■ '.. '." .' . ■-■■:::■■ ..'.■■ ;■"„■■"■ ■r' : .- . ■-.■.■■■■.;,..■-.:.,■■. ,". ' .■•■■',.■...'•. .*. ■"*.■■ ."■"''■■. "' .' "■ . ■ ■. . ■ ■.■■■■■■•■'.■■'../>■
Alamo square do not reflect credit on
the department. As there are two
jobs known as Alamo square work, and
as both are pending in the Board of
Supervisors, it is necessary for The Call
to describe each:
In the board last Monday there was
a little breeze over a proposition to pay
J. M. Handley $900 for sidewalk on Ful
ton street from Scott to Steiner. This
work was done in December, 1896. and
an authorization was then passed for
its payment. The Mayor, who was
then young in office and zealous, went
out on the job and punched a hole in
the artificial sidewalk with his cane.
Then he came back to the City Hall
and punched the authorization with &
veto message. The contractor there
upon did some more work on the jol>.
He put in 380 square feet of new work
and then Deputy Streat Superintendent
Hoffman and Expert Sulivan of the
Street Committee of Supervisors, told
the committee that the work was all
right, and so at the last meeting of
the board Supervisor Britt introduced
another authorization for payment
which did not pass.
A motion to reconsider the vote by
which it failed to pass is now pending.
There is quite a history connected with
the job which the courts may unravel.
After Handley got the contract he as
signed the original demand to J. O'Bri
en, and on that demand O'Brien ob
tained quite a sum of money from the
cashier of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. It
is a question now who would get the
money should the board allow the de
mand.
An examination of the work made by
The Call's expert yesterday shows noor
workmanship on the job. There are
many cracks and checks in the pave
ment. A hollow sound is given when
one steps on the sidewalk, indicating
that the foundation has settled away
from the top finish.
The other, or second. Alamo Square
job relates to a contract of a different
style. The Superintendent of Streets
simply entered into a private arrange
ment with J. J. Dowling for granite
curbing and grading of the sidewalk on
Scott street from Fulton to Hayes and
on Hayes street from Scott to Pierce.
Dowling charged §149". for the work.
The board passed the authorization,
but it was vetoed by the Mayor. Then
It was passed over the Mayor's veto
and reached the Auditor's office on its
way to the treasury. The Auditor held
up the demand, as the authorization
was contrary to law. The Supervisors,
in order to clear the record, proceeded
to pass a resolution for inviting bids
and performing the work as the law di
rected. Bids were opened last Monday,
although the work was done so long
ago that the grass is growing over the
curb. It was the plan for Dowling to
bid, at the sham bidding, the same
price that he was allowed to charge on
his private arrangement with the Su
perintendent of Streets, and therefore
his bid was 51495 85. P. McCarty put in
a bid for $1565. McCarty's offering must
have been a sympathetic proposal, as it
was a higher bid than that presented
by Dowling. Surprise, however, was
manifested when a rank outsider in the
person of L. D. Windrem intervened
and bid to do the work for $1399.
The bids were all referred to the
Street Committee. It transpires that
Dowling brought all the pressure at
his command to keep other contractors
off and Windrem was offered $25 by on*
who gave the name of W. H. Brown to
pull out his bid before It was opened.
When Windrem came out of his office
and asked a friend to point out Dow
ling, who was standing near by in a
group of men, Windrem was struck
with the remarkable resemblance which
Dowling bore to the man who had just
called and offered him $25 to pull out
the bid. Brown and DowHng are so
much alike that Windrem cannot tell
one from the other.
The little story that the contractors
are circulating among themselves that
The Call put up the job to have a lower
bid than Dowling's introduced is the
rankest kind of nonsense. The Call
simply exposed the scheme because It
was irregular and discreditable. It
should have been exposed by the
Mayor, the Supervisors and the Street
Department. L. D. Windrpm, a young
lawyer in the office of Rodgers & Pater
son, put in the low bid. He expects to
do the work and make a fair profit on
the job. When interviewed on the topio
yesterday, Mr. Windrem said: "A man
who gave his name as W. H. Brown,
called on me last Monday and stated
that he was one of the unfortunate con
tractors who had his money tied up In
the job, and said that he had made ar
rangements with other contractors not
to bid against him. He asked me not
to bid and I told him that I had an es
timate made and that I put In a bid
because I could make a profit of $300.
Brown offered me $25 to withdraw mf
bid and I declined to listen to him.
The same man that gave me his nam«
as Brown was pointed out on the street
to me as Dowling."
MELBA TO APPEAR HERE.
The Famous Prima Donna and th<
Metropolitan Opera Company
to Tour the Coast.
Liovers of grand opera have a treat in
store for them. Friedlander, Gottlob 4
Co. after a lengthy correspondence hay«
succeeded in getting the Damrosch-ElliS
Company, which has appeared at the
! Metropolitan Opera-house during th«
! present season, to extend Its tour to the
I Pacific Slope.
At the head of the organization lfl
i Melba, the foremost prima donna now be«
! fore the public, and supporting her are
such well-known singers as Ganskl, Sey
gard, Campanarl and Ibos, and a full
chorus.
Walter Damrosch will conduct th«
! Metropolitan orchestra, which will ac
company the singers, and music-lovers
will have an opportunity of listening to
; his interpretation of Wagner. Damrosch
i has attained ,a high standing In musical
i circles as the youngest and brightest ol
j conductors.
A special train of palace cars. Including
; Melba's private car, will transport th«
organization across the continent.
Tn speaking about the coming of tha
well-known company, Mr. Friedlander
said last evening that It was only after
i long negotiations that Manager Frank
! Damrosch could be induced to extend tha
! tour. About two years ago the latter
I visited this coast to look the ground over,
i and since then numerous letters have
1 been written by both parties. As the
Metropolitan season of opera closed early
this year, the well-known theatrical man
agers were successful.
This will be Melba's first visit to Cali
fornia,
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, flrticle XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I— BOUNDARIES, RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE II— LEGISLATIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Publlo
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX — San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter II — Improvement of Streets.
Chapter III — Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV — Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII — PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education.
Chapter ll— Schools.
Chapter HI — Powers of the Board of I
Education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and in all matters
and proceedings; may have and use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
in trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out the purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, with power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of San Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recovery of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of .the de
fective condition of any sidewalk,
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
eaid defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; nor shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
in the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
shall be Jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ABTTCLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co ehall be vested in a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in* this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
■hall consist of eighteen members, all
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I — Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV — Fire Companies.
Chapter V — Fire Marshal.
Chapter VI — Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
A.RTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one mußt be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
i as he remains a resident thereof, shall
! be entitled to a seat in the Board of
' Supervisors and to participate in Its
i debates, but shall not be entitled to a
I vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Board shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day bea
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r» lar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco aa follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no brill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it* title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its lntroduqtion, and. no franchise shall
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
be renewed before one year prior to Its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except Buma less than two
hundred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the officfal
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill *as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or items
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after Its passage
unless otherwise provided In such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approvpd it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have; been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
phall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions Ehall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length In a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
Fuch ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided In Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollarsshall be presented to the
Mayor for Ms approval. In the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legral holidays ex
cepted) In the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. Whene\ % r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fifteen per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City and County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be submitted
to a vote of th< electors of the City and
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors at
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of rcldence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an officer competent to administer
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption therecf, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c'aim such fact: .nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinance
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided In this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lpase r r sale of any
public utility, or for thepurchaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the vote
of the electors of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adontion of such ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t.ie nature of
the proposed ordir .nee) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature or the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, within thirty
days from the time of such election,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
the same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be made by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adoptea by the people aa
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
signed by a number of voters equal t >
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last preceding State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments,
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an ol cer competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appended Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it. and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other casos of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the Bubject in
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
If at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accord' lgly.
CHAPTJEB 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all necssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of California, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and bounty.
8. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit to impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden buildings or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be changed except by
extension.
6. To provide for the abatement or
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a publlo pound and to
make all necessary rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and npart from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County Jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing < f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control my and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the Fewers therein.
14. To fix .and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use of ■water, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To Impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this Cl.arter.
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars In any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part tnereof co any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Court, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and sewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that tl.
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
; there Is no existing franchise for any
; street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
; and regulations as the Board may pre
j scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
» of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
I charges for transporting passengers
I and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed and in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
! all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -to convey land 3in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County:
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of Judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors must appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel' their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once In
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient- and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him. and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must be in accordance wKh the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Public Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors may reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. Fvery
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrence of three-fourths of
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the' approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid Into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been.earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an Immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to It by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and In the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article. P
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods
merchandise, stores, supplies subsist'
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty as .well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary artl
I cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
tutlons and other departments not othl
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or ere
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, mere-handle
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year and It shall have no power to
I purchase or to pax for the same unless
the >rovisions in this Charter provided
as t competitive bidding for supplies
are 'strictly followed, and no contract
shall made for any of the same un
i less loon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
With aceftiflcate of deposit or certified
check .n a solvent bank in the City
! and Cointy of ten per centum on the
i amountof the bid, payab lfat sight to
| the orde- of the Clerk of the S«penis
ors. If he bidder to whom the.con
tract is twarded shall for five days af
ter such Ward fail or neglect to enter
into the ontract and. file the J e^"^ v
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on su-h certificate of depositor
check and ,ay the same into Jhe treas
ury; and ujder no circumstances hall
the certificate of deposit or check o
the proceed thereof be returned to
such defaulthg bidder.
Notices proposals furnish
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general andshal state
that the conditons and schedule m ay
be found in tht office of the ClerK .or
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that sich articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, a the su
pervisors may designate. Any Didder
may bid separate!* for any art c «
named. | The award as to each article
shall in all cases be nade to the low est
bidder for such articlt, and where a ma
embraces more than one article, tne
Supervisors shall have the right. to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners \he advertise
ment for proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. The
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerk
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds. .
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals in the
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char™ of the of
fice, institution or department for
which the same are supplied Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of. labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor In the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2 All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in Uk»
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper In the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide dally circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence At the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
newspaper." v
The advertising of the dellnque A
tax list shall be let to the lowest re~
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official " advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which Is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ■ -lionery shall be
separate from thope for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blank?,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
nmv used or hereafter required by tha
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known »s No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period, |
and the amount of the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality beintr considered.
The Clerk of the Supervis rs shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provide* When
any of such supplies ;*re required, for
any department, the <"lerk of the Su
pervisors shall issu^ the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of BUCh department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made In a similar manner The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and c elivered to
any department or officer.
Sec 4 Any officer of the City and
County or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
teriaf or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed by any other
bidder, or who shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
Information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder In regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality inferior
to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to the re
ceipt of, a greater amount or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be de-med
guilty of misfeasance and shall 1Q re
moved from office.
Bee 6. All contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be in wrltirg and
executed In the name of the <'i-y and
County by the Mayor. All su.-h con
tracts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and egister
ed by number Rnd date in a b<ok kept
by him for that purpose. Whin a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, aid a con
tract awarded as provided herein in
the first instance. When thf Supervis
ors believe that the prices Md are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or thpt the public
Interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all b'ds and causa
the notice for proposals to ba readvar
tieed.
Sec. «, No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than ona year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, electriJ light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shal? specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
AJ.TICLE TTT T
FTHANGS AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
i, : Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first j
Monday of April in each year the heads i
.of departments, offices, boards and '
commissions of the City and County
'shall send to the Supervisors an esti- j
mate In writing of the amount of ex- j
penditure, specifying in detail the ob- j
jects thereof, required In their respec- <
tiva departments, offices, boards and j
commissions, including a statement of i
he salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
b ?nt at the" same time to the Auditor.
Sec 2. On or before the first Monday i
of o! May in each year the Auditor shall |
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate !
of "the probable expenditures of the I
City arid County government for the j
next ensuing fiscal year, stating, the j
amount required to meet the Interest |
end" "sinking funds for all outstanding I
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each "fund in the treasury; also
; an estimate of the amount of income
fVom'flnes, licenses and other sources
O of - revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tions
Sea. 8. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by.a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to |
riy the expenses of conducting the .
public business.of the Cit-<- and County
for? the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de- I
tail a's to the aggregate sum and the ■
items thereof allowed to each depart- |
' ment, office, board or commission, as j
. the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the ;
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such i
sufficient lime or times as may be
"necessary to allow the taxpayers to be j
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
bo Appointed for such hearine
Seo. '4. .Any Item in said budget may, \
within ten days, be vetoed in whole or ;
in part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire 'fifteen votes of the Supervisors
%o overcome such veto. Action thereon
liiUßt De taken before the last Monday
cf Jn.ce. --:- -V" - V-*'
. After the final estimate is made In
' accordance herewith. It 6hall be signed
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su
pervisors, and tl. several sums shall
then "be appropriated for the ensuing i
fiscal year to the several purposes and
•merits therein name- . The esti- |
mate shall be filed in the office of the |
'Auditor.
* Sec 5. The Supervisors must cause
A be raised annually according to law,
be raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax, the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Fee. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided In this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless In
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec 8. The . Supervisors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for >»- law. No money
shall "be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the members of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
M?»vor.
' Sec 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Fupervinors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to incur. authorize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, In
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or Incurred up to the time In
B-uch month of making or incurring the
same, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year. J-.jy
' When any board, department or offi
cer having r>ower to Incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
a-ETeement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable In the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom It Is proposed to
rrake such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely to h- avail
able In the fund from which such de-
m if ld at &r the pa bSnninp of any month,
« 'money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which- might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year; but
rot afterward, except In payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
.fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's end Tax Collector's rtepart
inents: and for urpent necessities.
JhaU be exempt from the provisions of
1 Sec. io. On contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done or supplies furnished. Involving
the expenditure of to* •*•« t~« *..-. -
Ared and fifty dollars, unless the same
olso Is required by law to be done by. con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such Indorse
■ ment upon every such contract so
Presented to him. If there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
bo specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense In
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment-
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded Indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the Income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. IS. The limitation In section
eleven of this Chapter upon th© rate of
taxation shall not apply In case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to pro-vide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such In
crease be authorized by ordinance
paesed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered In the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing In this section shall author
ize the Incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the Income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
Into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the Income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County Is liable.
Sec 15. The Supervisor* shall au
thorize the disbursement of all publio
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, If all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds. In the Common
School Fund, In the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and In such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is In this Charter otherwise provided
for* __
CHAPTEB H-
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury ehall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same In payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec, 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
.for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in thia Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and publio
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing Into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and publio grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds Incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with tha Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon -s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
In this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal year in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may ba paid out of any
CHARTEK FOB THE CITT AN~D COUNTY OF SAN FBANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected Income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de.. .quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. "When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may ba applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund js applicable,
which are not reueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding* four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER m.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION L All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which ma;r
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneyß accruing to tha City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited In the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same Into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of Buch officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 8. Every fee, oommission, p«r
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by tha
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the sajne to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed: and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one In each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is Issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him. and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. R. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not Issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for ■which the charge was
made, and the amount at such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled In making such ser- j
vice the exact day when such service |
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The i
Auditor Bhall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful !
expenses In making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer, |
without further approval, out of the j
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra i
mileage shall be charged or allowed for j
service of two or more processes served j
on the same trip by the same deputy ]
or deputies, except for extra mileage ;
actually traveled in serving additional j
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal- |
lowed for any reason shall be appor- i
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap- I
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au- |
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, haa
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver j
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed, j
the amount of the charge therefor, the !
time actually employed in performing 1
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed. I
The Auditor shall thereupon examine I
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer |
shall pay such demand so audited and j
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 18. The demand of the Auditor j
for his monthly salary shall be audited 1
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any j
previous approval. All demands pay- |
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or .
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out at the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, In any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap- :
proved in writing by the officer, board, ;
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated. J
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec- i
ognized, or paid, be first approved by '
the department, board or officer, in :
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against tha City and i
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur>on the '
same required by this Charter, show:
L The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2. j
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness "was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or dlsburse
rr tof any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and falls to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, tha
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay Into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ..fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from tha time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein Is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of Information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEH IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
Just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offlre
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollar.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
josltlons at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner In
tvhich they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
ecords and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
:imes be open to his inspection and ex
iminatlon. He shall take special care
:hat the books and records of all de-
Dartments, boards, officers and persons
ire kept In legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
luct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
jerson from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
In this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
a.ll riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the .po
lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, so that »uch riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sea 3. The Mayor shall see that all
sontracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and Information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and Information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ao
tions or proceedings as may be neces
3a.ry to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or In part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must Institute and proseoute the neces
sary actions to enforoe the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor chall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexplred term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened:
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor in temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTEB JX
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office dally
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shaU
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, If previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been* complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice: nor In fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who haa neglected to make hia
official returns or reports In the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su- j
pervlsors; nor In favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law reflating his duties, nor In favor
of any officer or employee for the time |
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the dutiea of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must !
always examine on oath any person re- ,
ceivlngr a salary from the City and \
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for eettlement an account or !
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him ',
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the Justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in ;
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow It. he shall endorse
upon It the word "Allowed," with th>?
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial Item, date and amount composing
It, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing: the same.
Sec, 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, In whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its '
order, nor give priority to one demand j
over another drawn upon the same spe
ciflo fund, except for the purpose of de
termining Its legality.
CTHAPTEB IH.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing: the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a Joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the Joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so In his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a Joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the Joint cus
tody book and Initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor «~ unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the Joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The. Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon Its face the date of its de
livery to him. and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify rnch
several item, date and amount compos-
Ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which Is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be Charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money In the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on "lament canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered In a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority.
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of orierfnal
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order 4
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions ol
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary erf eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerk*
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess mil
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and In the manner
prescribed by the general laws of th«
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tm
! Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding suchtime. H«
shall be elected by the people and hold
i office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
tion for all his services. He mayappoint
! one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
1 shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
i month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
: payment for such extra clerks shall
i not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
', lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
; lod upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
! cording to law, or this Charter. He
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
i charges of any kind or on any ac»
I count, the full amount of all taxes, as
i sessments and moneys received by him,
j and not previously paid over, includ
: ing all moneys paid under protest, and
I money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
i He shall also be charged with, and ba
; debtor to the City and County for, the
; full amount of all taxes due upon the
i delinquent tax list delivered to him for
! collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
( resolution, that it was out of his power
j to collect the same by levy and sale of
I property liable to be seized and sold
1 therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
| point an attorney to prosecute actions
I for the collection of delinquent taxes,
I and may agree on paying him as com
| pensation therefor a stated percentage
| out of the amounts recovered; but such
| percentage shall in no case exceed fif
i teen per centum of the amounts re-
I covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
|he and his deputies shall have the
! same powers as police officers In serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
j may demand the exhibition of any
i license for the current term from any
| person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
: quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
1 revoked forthwith by the Tax Colleo
' or.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from time
> time deliver to the Tax Collector
such Gity and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named In such licenses respeo
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses Bold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, ana
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensatior at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Bee. 2. The Recorder shall take late
1314
his custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited In
his office, upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
sLny such book, record, map or paper,
-ertlfled under the hand and seal of his
Dffice. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
D&per so presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and shall number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEB L
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION L The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City anu County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such Interpreters in criminal ac
tions ana proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's Juries.
Sec 2. Tha stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall each receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars, which shall be In full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTEB H.
Tha City Attorney.
SECTION L There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and who shall receive an an
nual salary of rive thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be ~t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice In all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been bo qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha.* devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against the City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin -« exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when "within his knowledge,
and If not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named In this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b- the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound books of record
and. registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County Is interested.
Sec. 4. He chall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description In his possession,
belonging to hia office, or to the City
and County^, to his successor In office,
who shall °ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he Bhall file
■\\ lth the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh - shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred, dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been so qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall he appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTEB m.
The District Attorney.
SECTION L The District Attorney
Bhall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He 6hall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for ut least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District 'Attorney shall I
have all the powers conferred, and I
shall discharge all the duties imposed I
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and In addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer; file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him In his official
capacity durir- the preceding three
months; keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
pive, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him In the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall net as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
rii annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
pnlary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut
ing attorneys in the Police Court are
not actually engaged In work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the e»ll of the District Attorney for
any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
qJbo anaolnt one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; on© assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec 4. The District Attorney may, In
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTEB IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Publlo Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Publio Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTEB V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed .or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual Balary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof. In
his custody.
CHAPTEB VX
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said Balary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars: one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jaila, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties.
CHAPTEB VH.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except tho Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTEB VIH.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There Is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary o-f thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been, such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election- The Court
shall be divided Into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the some time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall bo classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or Inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Cour.t of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive Jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Crmrt of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or
CHARTEK FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in Bald Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of thla State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after Judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that It does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant In custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial In the Police Court,
or on appeal from a Judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified In the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or ball bonds for which he Is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted In said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who Bhall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person Bhall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to praotice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall keep his
office open continuously night and day
for the transaction of business; shall
draw complaints in actions In the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every ball
bond and appeal bond taken In the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Cier'k of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into hi 3 possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persona for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent lv any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail In the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court Bhall ever take ball or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges Bhall be a
contempt of Court.
Sea 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be Imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court In the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive ball money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Seo. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on ajoeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court In which the
case 1b set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe Into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayer may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests In
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
In accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant Is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond." and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the ordera of
the Court.
Sea 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear In
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be juall
fled to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec. 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for In this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain Jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTEB XX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION L The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
Judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of tha San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide fbr
Increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, In the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for tha benefit of said Law Library.
ABTIOLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTEB X.
The Board of Publio Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Publio Works under the man-
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Publio
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, ona for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
appointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
Balary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 6. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least orce each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes In
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which Is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He Bhall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time bo prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Kail Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening', narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall Immediately
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th«-
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or In
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions In existence ai
the time this Charter goes Into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and ail
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly theßoard shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through the
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegTaph or tele
phone wires, and wires forelectric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatio or other tubes or pipes, antj
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material In front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Board no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grant
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of an>
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertainin*
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alieys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th»
same and the lighting of the parka,
squares and other publlo places ana
publio buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the publio
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
6. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any ana all
publio buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Publio Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Publio Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear ur> said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of bucii work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be Indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brouarht by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California- If the expense of such
work has been leza than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
In connection with any publio improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Publio Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the publio works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power In the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to thts
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in hia own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
Jn case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken In all cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before th© award <?«£«£;
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall causa no
tice to be posted conspicuously^ Its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals. -' '■ . ;' : ji
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not In any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or Interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or Interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of Improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear In which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice Inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in : session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary- Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board In some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids axe rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered Into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder falls or refuses to en
ter Into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid Into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has. In nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of Improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work Is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, In the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced In such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter Into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter Into such contract
and fall to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the -contract
was awarded at the price specified In
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first Instance.
Sec 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con.
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may reJet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions In this
Chapter prescribed for the lettine of
the whole.
Sec. 2t. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed sup"
cifications of the work to be done the
manner in which it shall be executed
and the quality of the material to be
Every contract entered ■ Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings if any
of the work to be dona, and the mate *
rials to be V furnished, shall be fll£
with the Clerk of the Supervisors, oni
thereof,- with said - specifications and
drawlngrs, shall be kept In the office
ot the Board, and the other SSiSSS
specifications and drawings •hall be
delivtred to the contractor.
At .he same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shaU ex
ecute the City and County and de
liver fc the Secretary of the Board a
bond la the sum named In the notice,
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sireties to be approved by tha
Board i shall deposit with the Secre
fary a certified check upon some sol
vent baik for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be Uken unless he shall be a
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not ac
11 The^contract shall specify, tha tima
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to bo completed, ai
was specified in the notice Inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but In no evant
shall the time for the performance or
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for lta
completion; but. on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public.
Works, a further extension may b«
granted by vote of fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within tha
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as 1b herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and. in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under tha di
rection and to the satisfaction of tha
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be In accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that In no case, except where It
Is otherwise provided In this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or In
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When eald work shall hava been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon tha
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER H.
Improvement of Street*.
SECTION L All streets, lanes, alley*,
places or courta In the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open pubiio streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, tor the purposes of
this Chapter; and tne Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doinff of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
llo Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall bo report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it 6hall not be au
thorized except by an or< nance passed'
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Publlo
Works shall not approva of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Pubiio Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen meraben
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the mn.kirfy of
said improvement.
The Board of Publlo "Worka may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of whloh
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may ordtr
the same done.
No street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors uniesa a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all mien
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record In the office of said
Board.
"When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street Intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not Intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crossing will be benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall b«
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec 8. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or Improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, Is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
Its Intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be r^ommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be ported conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said bonk in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet In dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three In all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Fach of paid notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and. briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the prop-rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, la casa of a district, thosa QWoUtfmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, way make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of Inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board, of Publlo
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
6&id improvement, unless the owners of
tho one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on Bald proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When tha work or improvement pro
posed to bs done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for .objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and i- said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have- objections to any pro
ceedings In relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
ehall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works Is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of Intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
arty, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Poet Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If tbe objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to Bet out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of ■which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and bo on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision In that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings ehall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
;km on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area In square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to the
work or Improvement proposed to bo
done within the limits of the district.
£uch diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec 6. "When the ■work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file In the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered Into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any on© on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named In said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persona so
defrauded, any assessment made for
fche work done under such contract; and
jrhere there Is more than one contractor
Bach contactor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified In Bald contract
(Including all Incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rat© per front foot as
sessed the amount of each, assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers In the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
cot invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
■on, company or corporation, for its
legal, proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
Df two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The expense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
Bald streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
To Hows:
= First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross-
Ings and Intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the Same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
° h. ah Brack done la fxonJt.c£^or,
%£JPx*-*£ »■■—« to> property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
t **--°*-. ail- work done in front of, or
tnat may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
becond.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any. street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be Included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
rso assessment snail t>e leviea upon
! any property, which, together with all
! assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during tha year next
! preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
'■ upon the last preceding Assessment
i Book of the City and County.
Sec 9. Subdivision One — Except
I where the expense incurred for the
i street work and improvement author
• ized herein is to be assessed upon a
\ district as hereinafter provided, such
] expense, other than that to be paid
i by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
i work and improvement has been done,
1 shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
| inafter specifically provided; each lot
j or portion of a lot being separately as
• sessed in proportion to the frontage at
j a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
j the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
| tlon sixteen of this Chapter, until the
i streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
I alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
! cepted, as provided in section twenty
| three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
j upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
; and character of the work.
Subdivision Three — The expense of
j the work done on main street cross
1 Ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the Quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
I and cornering upon the crossings, and
i separately upon the whole of each lot
! or portion of a lot having any front
> age in the said blocks fronting on said
! main streets, half way to the next main
; street crossing, and all the way on
I Bald blocks to a boundary line of the
i city where no such crossing intervenes,
! but only according to its frontage in
I said quarter blocks and irregular
i blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
' street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
; on one-half of the width of the street
S opposite the termination shall be as
! sessed upon the lots in each of the two
■ quarter blocks adjoining and corner
; ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
i and the expense of the other half of the
\ width of said street upon the lot or lots
i fronting on the latter half of the street
! at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
i street, the expense of all work done on
: said crossing shall be assessed on all
j lots or portions of lots half way on said
i alley or subdivision street to the next
1 crossing or intersection, or to the end
I of such alley or .subdivision street if It
' does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
j done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
i lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
i respectively, or to the end of such al
| ley or subdivision street, if it does not
! meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a Bubdlvis
: lon street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
! avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
! expense of the work done on one-half
i the width of the subdivision street,
j avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
! the termination, shall be assessed upon
: the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
' vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
i ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
• on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place or the end of such street, avenue,
: lane, alley, place, or court, lr it does
' not meet another, and the other one-
I half of the width upon the Jpts fronting
such termination.
Subdivision £lght— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
! and capping excepted, is done on either
I or both sides of the center line of any
I street for one block or less, and fur
! ther work opposite to the work of the
! same class already done Is ordered to
i be done to complete the unimproved
I portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
• sewering or resewering is ordered to
i be dpne under the sidewalk or only on
' one Bide of a street for any length
i thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two Quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
! owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
j mission from the Board of Public Works
! so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
I any grading upon said street, to its
| full width, or to the centre line thereof,
! and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer eettlng forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
i grading and the proportions performed
I by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate In the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
! Interest, shall be entitled to credit on the
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth In his or their said certificate, at
the prices named In the contract for
said cutting and filling; or if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
erade as chang-d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of paid grading. The Board shall in
clude In the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates bo recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto. And sbaJl enter corre- j
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AKD COTHSTTY OP BAK FRA3TCIBCO.
spending credits, deducting the same !
as payments upon the amounts assessed j
against the lots and lands owned re- i
spectively by Bald certified owners and j
their successors In Interest; but he I
ehall not Include any grading quanti- I
ties or credit any sums In excess of the
proportionate assessments for the j
whole of the grading which are made ;
upon any lots and lands fronting upon !
said street and belonging to any such ;
certified owners or their successors In ;
Interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or j
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, In front of any ;
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subeequently or- j
der any work to be done of the same i
claea in front of the same block, the i
work so done at the expense of such '
owner or owners shall be excepted i
from the order ordering work to be I
done, as provided In subdivision ten of !
this section; but the work so done at !
the expense of Buch owner or owners \
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of !
Publio Works at the time said order Is :
passed.
Subdivision Ten — The Board of Pub- I
lie Works may include in the resolu- j
tlon of intention any of the different !
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap- j
ter, and it may except therefrom any |
of said work already done upon the ;
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included In the frontage assessment :
for the class of work from which the !
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the revo
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and Improvement j
1b to be assessed upon a district, Ira
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Publio Works, or to j
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works ;
Bhall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within :
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five ;
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands In said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and In
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided In this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or Improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore s
provided are legally sufficient to au- j
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of Its In
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work ©r Improvement, establish :
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or !
Improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To Bald assessment shall be
attached a ■warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
ehall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub- '
lie Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested .
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this Bhall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of ,
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre- j
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dla- \
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record- :
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record-
Ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons Interested in said
a»jsf Ksment shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
hi delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ- I
oiisly paid by the contractor or his as- :
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re- :
eeive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State :
having jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the lien of any assessment for street ;
work made under this Chapter, or in j
the recording thereof, has been defeated j
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ille- I
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re- j
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to |
any euch assessment, or in the record- j
ing of any such warrant, any person In- i
ter^sted therein may, at any time with- i
In seven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to tha Board for j
arother assessment to be issued In con- j
formiiy to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to
said applicant a new assessmant, dia- j
gram and warrant in accordance with j
law, and sign, record and authenticate j
the same as above provided. Such as- j
Bessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record- |
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce j
said lien as provided In this Chapter, j
Should such final judgment be that of j
the Superior Court for the City and j
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as- i
signs, or some person on his or their j
behalf, shall call upon the persons as- j
sessed, or their agents, if they can con- j
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac- |
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand- j
cd. When the persons so assessed, or I
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess- i
ment, then said contractor or his as- !
signs', or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment i
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty j
days after its date with a return indors- j
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat- \
ing the nature and character of the de- |
mand, and whether any of the assess- I
ments remain unpaid in- .whole or in i
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary ot the Board shall
record the return so made In the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon eny assessment
and warrant Issued by It and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no euch payment bo made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff In
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the co6ts In the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of Its office on
the payment to It of the amount of the
assessment with Interest against any
lot or on the production to It of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
wore issued. If any contractor shall
fall to return his warrant within the
time and In the form provided In this
section he shall thenceforth have no
Hen upon the property assessed; but If
any warrant Is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be Issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as If the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining duo thereon
shall draw Interest at th© rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Bee. 14v The owners, whether named
In the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly Interested In any work
provided for In this Chapter, or In the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Publlo "Works In relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract In
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections In writ-
Ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or Informality
In the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment In
such manner as to them shall seem
Just: and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram In any particular, or to make
and Issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors In relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or In the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired Jurisdiction to make the
same. . , _
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or If an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of th«>
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. Wh<»n suit haa
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery In said action,
and he may have Judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prlma facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court In which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real j
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
Hen of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of thla
Chapter, and, when not In conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of j
any sidewalk. In the City and County, j
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon ; or
bo as to interfere with the public con
venience In the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lota fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, In front of the property of which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without Interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter Into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the doing of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It in Its office for three days,
inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be Preserved in
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the, sat
isfaction of the Beard. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, It shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and Just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
In the last preceding section be notpald
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, snail have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for In said section shall be prlma facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same In such action. Bald certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Publio Works in a book kept by it In
the office for that purpose, properly In
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a Hen as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap-
Sea 18. In addition to the remedies
; above given the Supervisors may pre
| scribe the penalties that shall be ln-
I curred by any owner or person ne-
I glectlng or refusing to make re-
I pairs when required, as hereinbefore
' provided. Such penalty shall be en
1 forced for the use of the City and
I County by prosecution In the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having Jurisdiction there
j of, and may be applied in the case of
j fines, to the payment of expense of any
! such repairs not otherwise provided
| for.
Seo. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is oom
! menced, appears by deed duly recorded
j in tha County Recorder's office of the
j City and County, to have the legal title
j to the land, or the person in possession
; of lands, lota, portion of lots or build-
I ings under claim, or exercising acts of
i ownership over the Bame for himself,
| or as executor, administrator or guar
i dlan of the owner, shall be regarded,
; treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
■ And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
! ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
i lot of land on which has been Imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
; or he may discharge any liability lm
1 posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
, may deduct the amount so paid from
: the rents due and to become due from
: him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
: may retain possersion of, said lots un
• til tha amount so paid and advanced,
i with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
; from accruing rents or by payment by
' the owner.
Sec 21. The records kept by the
i Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
' records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
: Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
■ one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
; son making It. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
- of a street has been or shell hereafter
; be fully constructed to the satisfaction
i of the Board of Public Works and of
! the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
\ and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
! street shall be kept in repair and im
; proved by the City and County. The
; Supervisors Bhall not accept any por
. tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
j curbing, and one block in length, orone
; entire crossing; but they may partly
i or conditionally accept any Btreet.with
; out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
\ therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
; expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
; then unnecessary. In such case the lots
! of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
dama.ged in said construction, when
( ever the Supervisors shall deem a
] sewer to be necessary and shall order
iit to be constructed. The Board of
j Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
; register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
j may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
i adamizing of the portion of any street
| required by law to be paved or mac
! adamized by the person, company or
j corporation having railroad tracks
; thereon. Upon such recommendation
1 the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
| der said work to be done and direct said
I Board to notify said person, company,
' or corporation of the fact of the pas
i sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
I thereupon forthwith fn writing notify
i said person, company or corporation
■ of the passage of said ordinance; and
lif paid person, company or corpora
' tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence In good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
i doing said work in the manner provid
j ed in this Article; and all the provis
i ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent Ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
I shall be prlma facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise in this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever In this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to publio
use, and whose, grade and width have
been legally established: and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to Include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used In
this Chapter es to Irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to Include all lots or I
portions of lots, having any frontage !
on either Intersecting street half way j
from such intersection to the next main j
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line j
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may !
by ordinance order to be used; but no j
patented pavement shall be ordered ;
during the existence of the patent j
therefor, until the owner of Buch pat- ;
ent shall have transferred to the City j
and County all right to the use of the !
same therein, with the privilege to any i
person to manufacture and lay the j
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall Include the \
price at which the contract was award- j
ed, and the term "incidental expenses" I
shall Include all expenses Incurred In J
printing and advertising the work con- |
tracted for, and all expenses for sur- j
veying, measuring and inspecting the ;
work.
All notices and resolutions required
In this Artlclo to be published shall be
published dally, legal holidays except- j
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing j
or posting, may be so served by any j
male citizen of the ago of twenty-one !
yeans, and his affidavit thereof shall be j
prima facia evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the I
publication of any notice required in i
this Article to be published, shall be ■
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet In width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall flx a time I
and place at which it will consider the j
same and hear objections thereto. Upon j
such hearing It shall determine whether j
it will recommend that the street be |
closed; and if it shall so determine, it i
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the j
street be closed; and the same shall not i
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a !
public street, or subject to any public j
expense or improvement; and the land j
theretofore included within the road- ;
way and sidewalks of said street shall ;
thereafter be the property of the City j
and County. No such ordinance shall j
be passed until the petitioners shall i
have paid all the expenses of said pro- i
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in j
the City and County shall be hereafter ;
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or j
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or \
when new streets or public grounds ■
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor, I
the map or plat thereof shall be sub- !
mitted to the Board of Public Works j
for its approval, and if the Board ap- j
prove the same, such approval shall be I
by it indorsed upon the said map or :
plat, and said map with said approval '
shall then be filed in the office of the j
Recorder; and without such approval ■
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here- j
after opened and dedicated as such, be- j
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense |
without such approval, Indorsement ;
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub- >.
lie street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun- i
dred feet distant from any parallel j
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in- i
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink- i
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine \
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the :
public expense. Before causing notice i
for such proposals to be published the I
Board shall divide the City and County j
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition ;
for bids, and secure the cleaning and j
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest |
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall, i
under its direction, on the first Monday I
in May of each year, cause to be pub- j
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each ,
district which are to be cleaned and '
sprinkled, the number of times a week |
that they are to be cleaned and sprin- i
kled, and the amount of security to be !
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately. I
All the provisions of this Article in re
lotion to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing Into and performance of contracts, |
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in- j
vites proposals for said cleaning and j
for said sprinkling, also invite propo- i
sals for said cleaning separately and ;
for said sprinkling separately, and may !
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Bo*rd may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the ;
streets with said machines; but the j
Board must give the preference to :
handsweeping so far as" it can do so I
with reference to the proper sweeping j
of the streets and to the funds at its .
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be |
made all urgent repairs upon the pub- j
lie streets that may from time to time j
be requisite for the public safety, and j
for that purpose may employ such la- I
borers as may be necessary, and at ;
such wages as may be from time to j
time fixed by the Board; but when the \
expense of the repairs upon any street j
or portio'.i of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive j
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time \
to time, after it shall have been direct- j
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of I
the public streets or for any improve- |
ment thereof, and such proceedings j
ehall be had in awarding the contracts i
therefor as are In this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept j
all supplies, material, implements and j
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean- \
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for |
any Improvement thereon. The Board I
of Public Works shall appoint a Store- i
keeper for said Yard, who shall I
hold his office during Its pleas- I
ure. He shall have the custody j
of said Yard and of all the sup-f i
plies, material and implements therein, j
and shall keep books of account In j
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re- j
ceipt of supplies and material under i
any contracts awarded under the pro- i
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and In
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper In the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER HI.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new Btreet, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and,
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it Bhall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be Incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
In possession of the lands named In said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its Intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of In
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such Improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lota
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with,
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec, 8. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non- Judicial day 3
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Seo. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
6hall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient. It may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in Its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said Improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith,
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said Improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may In said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting tha
assessment and valuation to be mad©
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and the
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not Inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon,
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Publio
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the*
Board of a certified copy of said «rdi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the Intended Improvement, showing
its extent In feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which Is to be assessed for, tha
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation be
1516
tween the value of said lot In Its en
tirety and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the j
improvement shall Include the value [
of the land taken, with the improve- j
ments, If any, thereon, and the expense j
cf the proceedings for Its appropriation (
or condemnation. j
Sec. 8. On the day named in saia :
notice and upon such other days as the j
matter may be continued to, from time i
to time, the Board shall proceed to j
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value j
shall be ascertained as of the time of :
paid inquiry, independently of any ap- ,
preriation or depreciation that may be •
causnd to the same by reason of sucn
intended improvement, and the Board
Shall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor. ;
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to- .
gether with the damages, if any, ;
caused by said improvement to the ad- ,
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said ,
Improvement in proportion to the ben
•fits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and landt. j
gee 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and ;
all persons interested In such valua
tion and assessment shall have the j
right to b« present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons :
claiming any interest in the lands to ;
be taken for said improvement, or that :
will be damaged thereby, are required I
at or during such hearing, to nle with i
the Board, plats, and a description of j
their respective lots of land.
Sec 10. In making said assessment |
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment -inrl valua-
Uon s<"> authenticated .and recorded In
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
6uch record.
Pec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
improvement the Board shall in its re
port set. forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a bri^f description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to- :
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed In the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition siarned by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court, !
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained '
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to ,
the City and County, upon the payment
of the Vulue thereof as ascertained by
j=aid report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary j
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and \
upon application to said Court, the '
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint ,
Eome day, not less than ten nor more j
than thirty days thereafter, as the !
time when any objections to the con- i
firmatlon of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed In said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
shall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may h,ear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
Bame, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
said report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
paid improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as 'fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain In
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
paid Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
puch appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then delfver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
i Collector shall, If any part of said as
| sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that th«
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid Into the treasury.
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
said judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is In dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by th«
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there ars
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue ah
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named In said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter Into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out In
such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
Ftraightenlng, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
•
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying Into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real -estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it Is deemed desirable to con
struct any eewer or other improvement.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
j improvement for the purpose of sewer
! age and drainage which necessitates
| the acquisition or condemnation of pri-
I vate property, and the Board is unable
I to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem It most expedient, it shall,
wh.'ti authorised by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
use said property to be condemned.
and to Institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
' the manner, so far as may be applica
'■■ ble, which is provided In this Article for
■ the condemnation of real estate when
! necessary for the opening of any new
I street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbor* and Wharves.
SECTION L All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which It may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the Im
provement or repair of public build-
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VIL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND "LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Hoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com- !
posed of four School Directors, who i
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and ,
who shall give their entire time to the j
duties of their office. They shall each ■
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have j
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be j
so constituted as to consist of more i
than two members of the same politi- '
cal party. The term of office of the Dl- '
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go j
out of office at the expiration of one, j
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The 3oard shall organize by i
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a \
member of the Board, and who shall j
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as ;
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its |
members shall be necessary to transact '■,
business. In every instance where a '
power is exercised under this Article by |
the Board the vote thereon shall be j
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall Include
primary and grammar schools and may
Include evening, deportment, technical, '
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools. ;
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
Instruction in the evening schools; but j
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER HI.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the |
State, the Board of Education shall I
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per- j
sons as may be necessary to carry into j
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed j
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer j
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher ;
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis- !
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, Immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers !
shall be based solely on merit and sue- '
cessful teaching. Nothing In this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the \
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the i
Superintendent after due Investigation, :
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned In section one. sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nee- !
essary rules and regulations for the ''•
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect J
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of j
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the i
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April j
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common' >hor ls of such appoint- !
ments. Any Census Marshal found In
competent may be discharged by the i
Superintendent of Common Schools, j
Snould the Board <"ail or neglect to flli
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perfor.n the d'tties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
rion Schools.
I &. To sue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by thd School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity eonce.-ning the enjo>
ment and possession cf such lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon It a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of Its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person In the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be Imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the Individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be i
made only on the individual warrants i
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi- j
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com- j
mon School Fund, for a term not ex- j
ceeding twenty years, any real property j
of the School Department not required j
for school purposes: but no lease shall !
be made except after advertisement for '
bids for at least fifteen days in the offl- !
cial newspaper and by an affirmative i
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the i
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any j
school, educational purpose or school j
library; to carry Into effect the terms j
of any bequest not in conflict with the j
general laws or this Charter; and to sell j
such personal property as shall no i
longer be required for uso In the !
schools. All moneys realized by such !
sales shall be at once paid Into the j
treasury to the credit of the Common j
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be- |
fore the first day of May, make a list of ;
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles |
needed and how and when they shall be ]
delivered, and shall invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising '
therefor for at least ten days In the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chaptei
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad- j
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same, !
the presentation and opening of propo
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof, j
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and I
contracts made, awarded or entered ■
Into for furnishing supplies to the j
School Department. Any contract made
In violation of any provision of this j
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal :
year, stating the number of schools
within* Its jurisdiction, the length of !
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taught In each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates '■
held by them, the amount of money i
drawn from the treasury by the De- j
partment during the year, distinguish- I
ing the State fund from all others, the |
purpos* for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of >
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries I
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children In average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties Im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no'religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the cars and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for blx years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
o. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorise the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
8. For Immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, Intemperance, or
evident unfltness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof. In the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-flve of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the cjurront annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who In the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VL
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County la unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
! Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the j
proposed school house, the date on i
which it should be completed, the j
amount of money in the School Fund I
available for the purpose, and such I
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of |
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of j
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed In ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been !
built in accordance with the plans and ;
specifications and within the estimated |
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it. I
Sec. 2. When an-- school house, build- ;
ing, fence or other property belonging !
to, or connected with, or under the !
control of, the Board of Education, ;
needs repairing, altering or improv- ;
ing, the Board shall notify the \
Board of Public Works, specifying
In general terms the work to be j
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approvaJ. and if approved j
as provided in section one of this Chan- :
ter. the Board of Public Works sh-ill
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci- ■
fications, and within such estimate, the i
same shall be accepted and shall b& I
paid for out of the Common School !
Fund.
Sec. 3. When It is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and j
similarly situated. Any school build- !
Ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, -who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Booms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall cont nue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
' said Public Library and *-eadin»
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be tilled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such j
• Library and Reading liooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of ,
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
: books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing: real and personal
property, and for constructing such ,
buildings as may be necessary, an- i
nually levy a tax on all property in ,
, the City and County not exempt from i
! taxation which shall not be less than
: one and one-half cents nor more than ,
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
| tax shall be credited to the Library
j Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax.
! together with all money or property i
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
! and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica- i
tion thereof to the use of the Library j
and Reading Rooms, In accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its j
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de- :
| fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge i
!of the Public Library and Reading j
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and j
of all real and personal property there- |
unto belonging, or that may be ac- i
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent j
with the terms and conditions of the '
I gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet ;
for business purposes at least once a :
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided j
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for !
the transaction of business. It shall !
elect one of its number President, j
who shall serve for one year and until j
his successor is elected, and shall elect j
a Librarian and Secretary and such as- j
slstants as may be necessary. The j
Secretary shall keep a full account of j
all property, mono^, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vot»
\ at all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
: protection of the Library and Reading
i Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
; may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and ;
i provide memorial tablets and niches to j
i perpetuate the memory of those per- <
sons who may make valuable donations \
i thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books. Journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing- and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants:
and. with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whole or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and Cc-unty, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings tfcereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms. or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
fhe whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police !
Force, and of such clerks and em- I
ployes as shall be necessary .to / carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. >No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more . than thirty-five years of age
must possess the physical qualifications !
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the. Board of Police Commissioners
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never . regard : the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER ii.
Police Commissioners.
•.SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall bean
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the .City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment
Sec. A The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of ; office of the Com
missioners shall be four years Those
first appointed shall so classify thpm
selves by lot that they shall resnee
lively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years
V Sec. 3. . The Commissioners shall be
successors in office *of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State. "•"
: Sec. 4. The Police , Commissioners
shall organize by electing one -of the™
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. ; The Board - shall
appoint iai Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
. dollars. The • sessions of v the - r BoorS
shall be public, except that executive
i sessions may be held whenever deemed
! proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week In the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
j public emergency at such place as tho
j Board may select. The Secretary must
1 keep minutes of Its proceedings; and
! in every case where a power is exer
i cised by the Board under this Article
] the ayes and' noes thereon shall be en
i tered therein.
CEAPTEB 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
I Commissioners shall have power:
1 To appoint, promote, suspend, dls
i rate or dismiss any member of the De
j partment in the manner hereinafter
! provided. _ , 
2 To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
! ment and uniform of the Department,
i nnd from time to time to alter or re
j peal the same, and to prescribe penal
; ties for the violations of any of such
i rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquo*
in less quantity than one quart, ana to
; grant permits to any person engaged lr<
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoKa
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of th»
person to whom such permit was given
!Is conducted In a disorderly or lm
i proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage In
the business of selling liquor. If ths
Board refuse to grant such permit, op
propose to revoke any permit that naa
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit It la
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person.
j or through counsel, and to have, free
I of charge, all reasonable facilities at
i the hearing. Such permits shall not b«
' granted for more than three months at
j one time, and they shall distinctly state
1 the name of the person to whom the
! same is given, and the description of
i the premises where such business is to
!be carried on. Such permits shaJl at all
times bo subject to inspection by any
member of the Department- Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5 To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk and to direct the destruction of
such 'property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTEB IV.
The Chief of Police*.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
! be appointed by the Board of Police
I Commissio. ers and hold office for
I the term of four years. He shall re-
I ceive an annual salary of four thou
| sand dollars. He shall have control.
management and direction of all mcm
i bers of the Department in the lawful
! exercise of his functions, with full
• power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
i with like power to suspend temporarily
' any member of the Department. In all
] cases of such suspension, he shall lm
j mediately report the same to the Board
i with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law aiyl
rigid discipline so as to secure cc-A
[ plete efficiency of the Department,
: shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
i riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
I public peace, or organized resistance
! against the laws or public authority,
i the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all tha
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of tho
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed In his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
! powers connected with his office &■
> may be provided for in the general
rules and reg-ulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of tha
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night: and
In such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the.
Department to attend constantly on the"
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks.
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
! ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Polire may from
time to time disburse euch sums tor
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to bo
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shnl.l he made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund In
the annual tax levy. The Commission
j ers shall allow and orior paid out of
! such contingent fund n* contingent ex
ipenses of the Police -repartinent. upon
| orders signed by the Chief of Police.
I such amounts as may be required.
Sec 7 The Chief of Police shall pos-
I sess powers of general police inspection,
! supervision and control over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers In second-hand merchandise.
! auctioneers and intelligence office keep
! ers All persons engaged in sa.d can
ines nu«*t first procure permits from the
Kfmmiss oners P In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empower
mpmbeVs of the Police Department,
when In search of property feloniously
obtained or In search of suspected of
fenders or In search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
I examine the books and the premises of
! any puc h person. Any such member of f
I the Police Department, when thereunto*
! empowered In writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
i to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTEB V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION L Subordinate officwt ofthe Polloe Department shall oonßist of |
Captains, who shall each receive an j
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each j
receive an annual ealary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
Who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four j
dollars.
Sec. 2. There Bhall be one Captain
for each one hundred police offlcerß.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the I
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police. .
Sec. 3. There Bhall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined,
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. Ther» shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com- ,
mlssioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officer?. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec 5. There shall be as many Cor
porals as In the Judgment of the Com
missioner? may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be denned b- the
rules and regulations of the Commia
pioners. the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captain?. Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as may select, not
to exct-ed twenty-five. He Bhall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain ever the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Fore© of tha
City and County ahall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred In
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual ealary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec 2. Even' Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec 3. Police Officers shall b_e health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VTL
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotion* In the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public Bervlce being con
sic 1 ered.
Sec 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be Imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
caupf?. or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac-
Kcused shall be entitled upon such hear
png to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
»ary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIIJL
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
Btolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may In any way com© into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the ProD
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
800-k, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from, whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sea 2. "When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
Of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offenße alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or mor-ey to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money ehall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Pec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official
paper; and the proceeds of such
Fair, shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
lion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty he sold or disposed of until the ne
r<-'PF)t.y for th* use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from insane persona shall not
bfK-ome part of surh Fund until after
the expiration rf three years from the
time the same is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
makf diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right b» payable.
Sec. 4. If any property or money in
Jhe custody of the Property Clerk be re
nuired as evidence in any Court, It
lhall be delivered to any officer who
ehall present an order in writing to
that effect from such Court, and the
Clerks ( f such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Sec. 5. All valuables and money In
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to eur-h rulea and regulations
•■ may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTEB IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force In good standing
fn the Department at the time this
Charter goe* Into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
STSinf^T 10 ? ««nta*tlonj but all new
Bft P .J ♦£?*% and ' all Promotions made
SVn £ hlB C harter "hall go into effect
ArtiiiJ sJ?i b3ect t0 and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Belief and Pension Fund.
SECTION l. In order to continu© In
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police !
*orce, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board I
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged. Infirm or disabled member ol the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practiclngphysicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death. ■
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with tho Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease
his pension shall cease, and he shall bo
restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while In tha per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of hl9 death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
Balary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. "When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and If there be no widow, then his
children, or If there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of such*
deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the kmount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but It shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public reo
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, Includ
ing the salnry of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice' Relief and Pension Fund Commis-
S Sec 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally when the tax levy Is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1 Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeDing of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
S °2 One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3 All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
PI 5 Not less than one-fourth nor mow
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers In second
hand merchandise, and from junk
Bt 6 re All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapon*.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AKD OOOTTY OF SAIN FBASTCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a montn. which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relief
i and Pension Fund. No other or further
! retention or reduction shall be made
; from such pay for any other fund or
! purpose unless the same is herein au
thonzed.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
; place of amusement or entertainment,
I ball, party or picnic, the party or per
i son making such request shall first de
j posit two dollars and fifty cents for
i each man so detailed with the Property
: Clerk of the Department, who shall
I give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid Into the
\ treasury to the credit of the Police Re
\ lief and Pension Fund.
Sec 13. On the last day of June of
I each year, or as soon thereafter as
| practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
! paid out of such Fund during the pre
' vlous year, and of the amount then to
I the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining In such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
i such Fund during the three years next
! preceding shall be transferred to and
I become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
I shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to Its order. Pay
| ments provided for in this Chapter
t shall be made quarterly upon proper
i vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
, made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
i Board of Fire Commissioners conslst
i ing of four members, who shall be ap
i pointed by the Mayor, and each of
i whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
j years next preceding his appointment.
Sec 2. The Board shall never be so
j constituted as to- consist of more than
! two members of the same political
I party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
! first appointed shall so classify them
' selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration, of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
j successors in office of the Fire Commis-
I sioners holding office in the City and
! County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
j under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
1 ganize by electing one of their number
• President who shall hold office for one
j year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
: the Board may prescribe. He shall re
| ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
\ hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
I at least once a week, and as often as
I the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings Bhall be
i public
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
i Department, create and establish such
i fire companies as It may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
j of the Department, and the uniforms
! and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equlp
: ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
■ propriations made for the use of the
I Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be clti-
I zens of the United States, not less than
I twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
I years of age, of good character for
; honesty and sobriety, able to read and
! write the English language, residents
' of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
': amlnatlon under such rules and regu
! lations as may be prescribed by the
i Commissioners, and upon such exam
| Ination be found In sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
I of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
! transferred or dismissed except for
I cause, nor until after a trial before tha
! Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department, faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
1 talning to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
; sary to secure discipline and efficiency
: in the Department, and for any viola-
I tlon of such rules and regulation*! may
i Impose reasonable fines upon the of
i fleers, members and employees of the
j Department, or may suspend any of
'■ them for such reasonable time as the
i Board may by rule prescribe. Such
i fines shall be deducted from the month
1 ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by
j the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
j and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
I Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
i stores of the Fire Department except
I upon an order signed by the Chief En-
I glneer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
j such material or apparatus as may be
i required for the purpose of extingulsh
i Ing such conflagration may be wlth-
I drawn from said Corporation Yards by
j order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
! officer In charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sect. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER H.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall Immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
! make its appointments of officers and
j members from the persons constituting
the force In the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
Into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions Bhall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
Increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank In which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses In his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
Injuries received while !n the actual
.performance of his duty therein bo as,
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article IL Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw-.rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made In violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
OHAPTEB, HI.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offt
cer of the Fire Department, and It shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force In the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning tha Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for ln
competency, or for any violation of th«
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons Iherefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report In writing thereon at least one«
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or Inability of
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec 3. The Chief Engineer, or, In his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, In their absence, any Battalion Chief
In charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re~
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress or
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION L Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION L The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. "Vacancies occurring In
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and In no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and In case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the Investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there Is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same In
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
Into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for Inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to tho safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing: in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. S. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the came
shall cease at his death.
Bee 4. Any member of the Fire De- ,
partment who shall becoma physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received In the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
! the facts constituting such disability
i and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
i Fire Department, the Captain of the
i Company to which he belongs, and by
! two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
I retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may ba retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the amount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
\ rank he ocoupied at the time of hla re
tirement.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent b© mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
i monthly pi -ision equal to one-half of
! the salary attached to the rank held by,
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
: widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
\ a pension equal to one-half the salary
I attached to the position held by their
I father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains th» age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the deo*dent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
■ but leave a parent or parents depend
i Ing solely upon him for support, such
; parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
i the decedent at the time of his death
I during such time as the Commissioners
i may unanimously determine its neces-
elty.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en- >
force compliance therewith on the part ;
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors In
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment. _
Sec. S. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall Issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persona entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall etate
for what purpose the payment Is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com- j
miasioners shall keep a public record
of Its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or \
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month. Including
the salary of the Secretary and print-
Ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed aa Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VJJLL
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen. and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a Joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in Joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electrio and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or Inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or In
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 6. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phono or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. Tha Department of Electri
city Is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
dera ajid reQulrementa made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the Inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents foT furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings In the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPABTMENT OF PTTBLIO
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The- Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall bo classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end' of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 8. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including Jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of the
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, It shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publlo
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this, Cha
rter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction In any at
the hospital -wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other Internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competltve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neplect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to, and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private Institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER X.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining: to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively In and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
. consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, as the cose may be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party, and if not. then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Board, nor
Registrar, nor Demitv Resr'strar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
j-ear thereafter: nor act an officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election except to
vote and when acting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The>
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record or
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The terra
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint sucn
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Pec 6. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTEB H.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff. Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Publlo
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January In
the year nineteen hundred.
Seo. 8. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following:
Sec 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose or
electing Buch officers as are provided
for In this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ABTICLE XTL
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and Intention of the people of the
City and County that Its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
! mately owned by the City and County.
To this end It la hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
I works, steam, water or electric power
I works, telephone lines, street railroads
; and such other public utilities as tho
Supervisors or the people by petition to
I the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and .County, In order that
propositions for the acquisition, con-
Btruction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal Indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec 2. After auch plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the beet
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of eald
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop-
I ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
publio utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the ealo
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowegt possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as •will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Tho
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors .and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but In
.case th« votei caat la favor oj both
1718
propositions shall not exoeed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions Bhail be deemed re-
Nothing In this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
Detition of the electors requesting the
Acquisition of any publlo utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as a-iore
eaid to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same a»
provided in section six of this Article
£nd from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
end County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
loritv vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
uuch acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
Whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
\inder the provisions of this Article
ehall so tar exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
cf as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for Buch
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded Indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
Indebtedness shall be Incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
fconds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
ehall have determined, as hereinbefore
g?et forth, to acquire any public utility,
«uch action on the part of the electors
ehall be equivalent to the passing of
*he ordinance by the Supervisees de
claring such determination as set forth
In section six of this Article, and the
shall proceed without de-
Jay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
«even of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
tllnance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting at
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
ndjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
phall call a special election, at which
phall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
puch ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
Utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
und County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
by the electors), and shall fix
«. day on Tvhioh such special election
thall be held, the manner of holding
puch election, and the manner of voting
tfff or a*rs.inst incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
In the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days In the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for -which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of In
terest to- be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred, for the acquisition of any public
•utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, tog-ether with the existing
"bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
erf all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
end shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
■ehall decide at the times of the issue
tot the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-foTtieth
(part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by j
She Supervisors, together with the in- ■
(terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
jfrom all taxation for municipal pur- |
J»oses, and shall be issued in denomina- i
(tions of no*. ?ess than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
iflay and at the place fixed therein, and
*vlth interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
»b the Supervisors may determine,
feuch bonds, when issued, may be sold
"by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
fee sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
Biavinp: been advertised in the official
newspaper. Th<»y shall be sold under
eealed proposals, and the Supervisors
ttfiall have the right to reject any or all
T>lds made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec, 12. Such bonds shall be signed
cy the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
Fhall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and signed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
*nunlcipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
c tax sufficient to pay the annuii in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such Indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
fto all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
came time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute causa for the removal from,.
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SEBVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
Bhall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall In like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
i shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute i
the classified civil service of the City |
j and County, and no appointment to any j
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
! tloned.
Sec. S. The Commissioners shall j
j make rules to carry out the purposes j
of this Article, and for examinations, j
appointments, promotions and re- J
movals, and in accordance with Its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
i and all changes therein shall be forth
1 with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in ;
| the classified civil service shall be -sub- |
; Jected to examination, which shall be i
public, competitive and free. Such ex- |
animations shall be practical In their j
; character, and shall relate to those i
matters only which will fairly test the
! relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
! positions to which they seek to be ap
! pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical quallflca
., tions, health, and of manual or pro
: fesslonal skill.
Sec. 6. The selection of laborers
■ shall be governed by priority of appll
i cation only. No question in any ex
\ amination shall relate to political or re
i ligious opinions or affiliations. The
| Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
! not In the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official Bervice, It shall be a part
|of their official duty, without extra
! compensation, to conduct such ex-
I aminations as the Commissioners may
1 direct, and to make return and report
! thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
I other person, whether In or not In such
service, in the place of any one so se
! lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
; shall be given by the Commissioners
i by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
j paper, and such notice shall also be
i posted by the Commissioners in a eon
! spicuous place in their office for two
! weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
• given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
! aminers, or from the examinations
! made by the Commissioners, the Cora
j missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
' classified service of the City and
I County of the persons whose general
i average standing upon examination for
: such grade or class is not less than the
i minimum fixed by the rules of the
! Commissioners, and who are otherwise
! eligible. Such persons shall take rank
i upon the register as candidates in the
' order of their relative excellence, as
i determined by examination, without
j reference to priority of time of ex
! amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
; vide for promotion in the classified ser
' vice on the basis of ascertained merit
j and seniority in service and standing
' upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
II the method of certifying, shall be
same, as near as may be, as pro
ed for applicants for original ap
ntments.
cc. 9. The head of the department
or office, In which a position classified
under this Article Is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex 6hall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Bee. 10. The appointing officer shall
ftotify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap-
Intment shall be on probation for a
iod to be fixed by the rules of the
■nmissioners; but such rules shall
fix such period at exceeding six
nths. The Commissioners may strike
names of candidates from the regis
after they have remained thereon
re than two years. At or before the
)lration of the period of probation,
head of the department or office in
ich a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an
proval of the Commissioners, maki
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor," the Chief Deputy of the Rfe
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Work*,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
II all physicians appointed by or on
Board of Health. All officers, courts,
rds and heads of departments vest-
In this Charter with the power to
oint deputies, clerks, stenographers
employees In any of the offices or,
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and Count>
mentioned in this section shall mak»
such appointments In conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap^
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be Investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commls*
sioners to conduct such Investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating offices,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b^
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing In this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sea 13. Immediate notice In writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report In writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of Its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
In each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioner's
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held In the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to It, and keep a record of
all examinations held under Its direo
tlon. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily Incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by .
himself, or in co-operation with other j
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any !
person In respect to his or her right of !
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid In so doing;
or make any false representations con- j
cernlng the same, or concerning the i
person examined: or furnish to any |
person any special or secret infqr- j
mation for the purpose of either
Improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to |
places of employment In the classified |
civil service, ai.d all vacancies occurring j
therein, whether by dismissal, reslgna- \
tlon or death, and all findings made or j
approved by the Commission under the j
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar- i
tide. .
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to Institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Board
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations (or its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. No contract shall be entered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by the Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid parka,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, In tne official
newspaper. Any person violating: any
i of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, 'n any
court of competent Jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless It
receives the vote of four members of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which It
Is Introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect In not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement. of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donors
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate In the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing In this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not Inhibit the
| Board from leasing, for a period not
j greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by Itself for the
use of the public to such person, com.
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in avery
such lease the Board shall reserve th«
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for panic-pleasure
purposes only. No euch building shall
be constructed by the Board except it
be within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove iues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose o«f conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such condition's and restrictions as may
bo necessary lo conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe.
ricd not greater than six months, anfl
so as not to interfere with the use of
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted oxeept such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat*
or Municipal .mportance. None of th«
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall te used for th> purposes cr
any such Fair or Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Polioe shall, on
the request of the Comm!.s?ionerr, de
tail such members of the Folice Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds as may be necessary for theen
fcrcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinance of the
Commissioners; and the Commissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in either of said public pla :es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of the ordini ?ices of the Board may be
detained teropci arily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
| provement of said park, squares, aye- I
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations, j
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de-
I posited in the treasury of the City and
i County to the credit of the Park Fund,
i The sajne may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, phall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
I State of California, on such terms as it
i may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and In which the
collection made by the Stata Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni- j
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a. complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. Tho term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, Intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art In the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered In any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers. In respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and In respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public plane
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and Improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not te less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively Rive and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be Indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond It
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond. In the office
of the Recorder, In a book kept* for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept In the office of the
County Clerk. The bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Publio Ad- '
mlnistrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand :
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten !
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of \
Police Department, ten thousand dol- i
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sea 8. City and County officers shall
not be accented as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
Imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each Justify in -the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond Is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
Justify in an amount which In the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon ■
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder In the City and County, and
worth In property situated In the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he Is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal, !
lndorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it Is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever. In the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes Insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required i
when a surety to a bond shall die or i
cease to be a resident of the City and !
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him. and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of thefr deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of Indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCEIiLANEOTTS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur In this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them Is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside In the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
Sec 4. Any person holding: a salaried
office under the City and County,
■whether by election or appointment,
who shall, duringr his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
Stated, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
•with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 6. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or Indirect
ly, interested In. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
In the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law. he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing. In consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the le "ice of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City ana
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity £» money
or other valuable thing, either directly
or Indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
In the service of the City and County,
Sea 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
! ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren-
I der to the Mayor within one month ar
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission for
such year. ■'• : . ; ':".'.',':
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
i signs, is adjudged insane, convicted or
j felony, or of an offense Involving a vio-
I lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be a.
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
! prove, allow or pay any demand on th»
I treasury not authorized by law, ordi
! nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
' the City and County individually and
I on his official bond for the amount of
! the demand bo illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec 12. The departments, boards,
| commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
: possession of all papers, books, docu-
I ments, maps, plats, records and ar
j chives In the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall be
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same In custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Pollc*
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
In the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall bo
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember In each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned In
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming Into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not In session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same In such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board In his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but If the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered In the record of its proceedings.
Sec 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any j erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made In writing and In duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided In
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered In the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for In this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer, or com
mittee shall have power to Issue subpe
nos, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or . committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena. or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed In contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings. in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas. -
Sec. 25 All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made In the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not In actual use or
enjoyment, ;or which the grantees
thereof have not In good faithcom
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantee* ox^ebmasigns *haU j
within six months after this Charter
SSRSSswsss
"IS fKiTS. an*
"52 79 U1^n"th dd e O s r u?e P r^3 .ban
deSrJne iSt the P^'VSs'ltfoa
quires the construction or »™™' l "»»
?^o y v=r?ne^«"|^|
and revenue provided f or the C"y and
County for any one y*™'J*!*?f!™llZ
ordinance passed Ly the a fflrl "*"il? J
of not less than fourteen membeft of
I the Board, submit a PrfP 08 '* 1 ?" 10 **Z
cur a bonded-indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the £«"«
ions of this Charter prov ding for the,
I acquisition of public utilities so fax as
I the same are applicable, shall apply^to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitation.
i of said bonded Indebtedness, to the is
i suance and character of the same an
to the time when and the kind or
money in which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund .
Sec 30. Every assistant deputy or
other" subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such i depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to. member of the Board of
Sec 81. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioner,
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter. „„_,• „§
Sec 32. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioner*,
and no officer, subordinate or employe*
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the Purpose °*
which Is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election of
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which 1.
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to Influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employe©
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be. re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Beard fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided In thiri
Charter shall be in full compensation*
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source 1 derived or received,
Into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hour, af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employeesj
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the conv
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained In this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, In
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under thia
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remainir.g In the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fur.d at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to tiie Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining In the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund cr itod by thia
Charter. The balance remaining in the
I'napportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the I'napportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in th ■• Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time thia
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith bo
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at. the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining In the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining In the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by thia Charter Out of UrnBald General Fund shall be paid, as in
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
such expenses as are hy this Charter
to be paid nut of the Funds specifically
provided t v the payment of such ex-
Fur the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to. each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of sjiid moneys
set apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and H-tuaws for the fiscai
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, In the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain unexp< nded at the time
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the 1 opera
tions of the department committed to
Its charpre. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds shall be paid during
paid Fix months out of the General
Fund. Shoul I the moneys set apart
by the Boi f 8 iperviaors of the ex
isting muni ipaiity to any department
of the <':• unty become or be
exhausted t any time during- said six
months, or should any department cre
ated by thla Charter have no money
speci- vi led for it during said
Fix months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding;
any;' 1 tamed in sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions asrnay aecrueto
flreir 1 r Article IX of this Char
ter di:r::ig paid six months shall be paid
om of 'he Genera! Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the listing municipality of the City
and C mnty of San Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans
ferrr i as in this section provided are
fund:- of said existing municipality. All
the -unds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
whl h are authorized by law, shall be
cot tinued in the treasury until the ne
cessity for their continuance ceases.
Fee. 38. "When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County In existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
i>t, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of gt-neral circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, It shall be submitted
to the qualified electors erf said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma-
Jority of the Qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
Of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first, day
of January In the year nineteen hun
dred, arid shall thereupo-n become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and i 'nunty of San Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at saiJ election
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, YES.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officers shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
Land for said City and County In office
rat the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
flavor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by him, and of the
qualification of the persons so h\>
pointcd, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand i:fhabitants, on the twenty-
Beventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and In ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8. of Article XI, of the Constitu
tion of this Ktatew did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders.
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
ami within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and j
do propose the foregoing:, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for i
said City and County of San Fran
clsco.
IN "WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate. '■
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGB.
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOR.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
SMUGGLED IMMIGRANTS.
Two Captains Arrested for Landing :
Passengers Without Examin
ation. ' .V-".',.
The" old "blackbird" slave trader, the
br'.fcantir.e Tropic Bird, la again before the
public. Her master. Captain Jackson,
was arrested by United States Marshal ,
Baldwin yesterday on a warrant issued
by United States Commissioner Heacock '
on a m plaint of Deputy United States
Attorney • linger, charging him with
having landed eighteen natives of France ,
without awaiting the action of the United ;
btatfs Immigration Conunl«iwloner.
* Captain h. il. Hubbard of the schooner i
*>■ NnCagtlo was arrested on a similar
complaint, the smuggled immigrant on
tnis occasion being Mrs. James Doe ,
rhompßon, a native of Hawaii.
.J r " IK;ll!^<y for the offense of which the
iwo captains are accused is a fine of not :
ir';';'; .i l ima and imprisonment for not
S,"^ one >oar. The prisoners were
ull LU IJn l iiftlr own recognizance.
Directors Soon to Meet.
ln'thV ,; untin «on is expected to. arrive
' <■- 1 m y within the next few da fl to
SllSu mceil^ of -h,-. stockholders of
X which will take
JSK \i * he near ri »"re. Mr. Tluntington
r^n\. : \ ° !ecU^ »« S ident of the com
££;;, »SSG simi:ar honor will accrue to
effic a nrnn'i-;T slrl - nt ">' the Central Pa
don viU yP n l '"i' t0 fl " a t a loan in Lon-
Bldered « *£l??J th< - matters to be con
iS^^^^^'^Zt lhe co
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver firmer.
Wheat locally firm; freights dull and nominal.
Barley continues to advance.
Another rise In Oats.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Flour in fair demand.
Bran and Hay firm.
Beans and Seeds about the same.
Potatoes and Vegetables steady.
Butter unchanged, Eggs firmer again. '
Young Poultry firm; old weak and dull.
Citrus Fruits glut the market.
Receipts of Strawberries Increasing. s
Dried Fruit flat, as usual.
Nothing doing in Provisions. i :
New Wool arriving in poor shape.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Hops dull.
Hogs lower. No change In Beef and Mutton.
Coffee quiet and weak.
Oils unchanged.
Coal In ample supply.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at :'atlon lndlc^'.e maximum temperature
lor the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In lnchPj
and hundredihs during the past twelve hours.
lEobars. or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usuclly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
ulong the coast, and the isobars extend north
•nd south alone the coasi, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these condition* will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
a2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, March 29, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty- four hours:
Past This Last
' Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 25.r,3 45. 53
Red r.iuff 0 12.08 22.91
Sacramento 0 8.59 17.
San Francisco 0 7.36 22.28
Fresno 0 4.01 10.22
Ban Luis Oblspo 0 6.05 20.53
Los Angeles 0 .. 5.28 ....... 16.74
San Diego 0 ' 4.10 11. 01
Yuma 0 1.65 6.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 67;
minimum. 46; mean, f.6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
during the past 24 hours over the greater por
tion of the country west of the Rocky Mount
ains.
The temperature has risen slowly over the
western half of the country. In the great val
leys of California the temperature is from 6 to
10 drgrees above the normal.
Light rains have occurred on the coast north
of Portland. No rain has fallen In California.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby. 2S miles per hour from
the south: Eureka, 30 northwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 30, 1898:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; light northerly winds,
becoming westerly.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, 20; tempera
ture, 60; maximum temperature. 64.
ALEXANDER Me A PIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March Wall street awoke
this morning to a realization that It had been
duped. Speculators, consequently, wore a
i somewhat rueful aspect in all but that select
! Inner circle, which reaped the profits from the
well organized plan to precipitate a bear panic.
; It was very noticeable that those who were
* loudest yesterday in the production of the
i settlement alleged to have been arrived at
; between the United States and Spain were no
' longer active bidders for stocks and securities
to-day, although they are credited with hav
ing' parted with large holdings at the high
level yesterday. The sanguine expectations of
this element that values would go higher in
the Immediate future had been changed and
the short interest having been largely elim
inated by yesterday' 3 forceful process, the
market ■ was without material • support and
prices promptly dropped off from about 1 per
cent to upward of 2 per cent in the opening
sales. They did not rise much above top prices i
except In a few cases at any time during the
day. Some of the smaller dealers who had |
confidentially swallowed all the bogus news
that was fed them yesterday were anxious to
sell stock which they bought then. The bears
also took some heart when they discovered
I what had frightened them, and ventured upon
some operations, but in a limited manner.
This was shown In the way by which they
scampered to cover when the bulls began to
mark prices In the afternoon. This Improve*
ment did not hold, but the subsequent relapse
did not carry' prices to the lowest point of the
day. The list shows net declines, nevertheless,
of between 1 and 2 points in the large majority
of Important stocks. London was both a buyer
and seller here, support from aDroad being es- !
pecially manifest in the Northern Pacific j
stocks. There seems to be an Impression in I
London that the Northwestern passenger rate
war Is in the course of adjustment. Foreign
' exchange stiffened sharply In response to ad
ditional .engagements of about $3,000,000 gold
for import, bringing the total on the move- j
ment to over $64,000,000, exclusive of receipts !
at San Francisco. Rates for money are stfffly
< held It Is not thought probable that the
movement of gold from Europe will cease un
til rates for loans become easier.
Prices of bonds moved in sympathy with
i «t'»"kH the speculative Issues snowing the
sharpest declines. Total sales. $1,575,000.
I United States 5s were % higher and the new
4S T^ta l l lg sales l)1 oo d f stock* to-day, 442.200 shares,
Including: Atchlson preferred, BOCO: BurlinK
[on 43 320; Louisville and Nashville. 1M85;
Manhattan, »,06S: Metropolitan Street Rail- j
way 13 123: Missouri Pacific 3540: New York
Central 6M6: Northern Pacific. 11.000; do pre
ferred 389: Rock Island, 14.381; St. Paul, 45.
,.• rrilon Pacific 40.888; U. P.. D. & 0..
9980- Tobacco, 7159; People's Gas. 8S40; Ameri
can' Sugar. 113.950. ■ ,
# , CLOSING STOCKS.
Atch'son 11* St P & On, 70
■Ii I '&§SM «* SWr'S?.::::: '¥"
CM &B U •■ X Wnbuh ■; «
sKhr.".::: $ "giKS"fiSSS*r
D*n & R0 ...... 10 Adams Ex ....... 100
I)o nreT . — «Vi American Ex .... 12-
Ene-'new) -.' 12U United States .... -83
l£ i"t pref .... 33»i Wells. Farm-.:... 115
Ft Wave .. I ..' 166 Miscellaneous-
US ilrasl
Lake Erie 4 W... 13% Do Pref " I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
Do pref 6S Am Tobacco 1..... 56%
Lake Shore 181 Do pref 114 •
Louis & Nash.... 4SH People's Gas ..... 91%
Manhattan L .... 97 'Cons Gas ........ 177
Met St Hy .;.... 136% Com Cable Co 160
Mich Cent 104% Col F & 1r0n..... 13%
Minn &S L ■ 23Vi Do Dref Si
Do Ist Dref .... SO Gen Electric ..... 32%
Mo Pacific .... 25Vi Illinois Steel ..... 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Loclede Gas 41
Mo X & T 10% Lead 2!>%
Do pref 33 Do pref 103
Chi Ind & L...... 7 Nat Lin Oil .... 12
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 27%
N J Central 92% Pacific Mail 25
N V Central .... 103% Pullman Pal 170
N T Chi &St L. 12 Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist pref .... Co Stand R& T . 3\
Do 2d pref .... 29 Sugar 115%
Nor West 1114 Do pref 106
No Amer Co ..... 5^ TC 4 Iron 20
No Pacific 22% U S Leather .... 6%
Do pref 61% Do pref ........ C 6%
Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 43 Do pref 65%
Or ohort Line ... 29 West Union 85%
Pittsburgh 168 Chi & N W IIS
Reading 16% f* Do pref 172
Do Ist pref .... 89% St L & S W... 4
Rock Island 85% Do pref 8%
St L & S F 6% ROW 23
Do Ist pref .... 64 Do pref 64
Do 2d pref .... 254 Chi G W 10%
St Paul, ex dlv.. SS% j Haw Com C 0.... 26%
Do pref. ex dlv. 141 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s re*.. 121 N* JO 5s 113
Do coup 121 N Carolina 65.... 123
U S 4s 109 Do 4s 100
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts 112%
Do 2da 98 Do 3s 60%
US 6s reg 111% Do is 90%
Do Bs coup .... 111% N V C & S L 4s. 103
District 3.G5s 116 Nor & W 6s 119
Ala class A...... 10SV4 1 Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B 108% 1 Do deb 5s 115
Do C 97 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4s 93%
Atehlson 4s 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 120
Do a.lj 4s 58% O S Line 5s tr....- 98H
Can So 2ds 100 O Imp lsts tr 107
Chi Term 4s 81% Do 6s tr 56
C & Ohio 63 113 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103%
C H & D 4%».... 104% Reading 4s 80%
D & R G lsts.... 10S% G TV" lsts ...... SO
D & R O .f... S9 IS L & I M C 65.. 90
Fast Term lsts.. 105 IS L & S F G 65.. 115
Erie Gen 4s 70% St P Con 140 -
F W <* D lsts tr. G<! St P C 4 P lsts.. 118
Gen Eleo os 100 Do 6s 114
G H & S A 65.... 102 So Ry os 89
Do 2ds 101 Stand R & T 65.. 64
H& T C r>s 109 Term new set 35.. 85
Do con 6s 100 T & P L G lsts.. 99
lowa C lsts 100 Do Kg 2ds 31
Kan P Con tr 100 UPD & G lsts.. 54%
X P Ist D D tr.. 120 Wab Ist 6s 10fii£
La new cons 45.. 101 Do 2ds 77%
L A N Uni 45.... 86% W Shore 4s 107
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 6S
M K& T 2d5.... 59% Do deferred ... 3
Do 4s 86 UP pref 51%
N V Central lets.. 116 V P 4s 71%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 20 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va.... 75 Plymouth 14
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 00
Gould & Curry... 20 j Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 30 Sierra Nevada ... 180
Homestake 37 0.1 j Standard 170
Iron Silver 34 Union Con 33
Mexican 80 Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 29.— Atehlson. 11; Bell Tele
phone, 249; Burlington. 91%: Mexican Central,
5%; Oregon Short Line. 25%; San Diego, — .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Evening Poet's
London financial cablegram gays: New York
advices caused a' general recovery in the
stock market here to-day, led by Americans
and Spanish fours. Still, on balance, realiza
tions predominated and prices here were
slightly under the New York parity, and the
close was rather dull In the street. The rise
has Immensely relieved the financial situation,
however, and the settlement to-morrow is not
generally feared.
Gold Is in stronc: demand for New York.
In addition to the £250.000 withdrawn from
the Bank of England, about £300,000 In Japan
ese yen was bought in the open market at
76s 6d. Eagles are also going from the Bank
of France.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 84%; Grand Trunk. 8%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,239; exports. 15,249; affected by further weak
ness In Wheat and closed lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 43.100; exports. 24.084;
| spot weak; No. 2 red, $1 00% afloat. Options
opened weak and continued so all day except
for a brief midday rally on a liberal decrease
In Bradstreet's visible. The bearish Influences
were disappointing cables, disquieting Wash
ington news and heavy liquidation near the
close. Final Bales were at ?4@l%c lower;
March, 95%@98%c, closed at 9SHc; May, 98% c,
closed at tSS^e. .„ ;_.: . _..- ,-. . -.-.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL—
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— WhiIe little change Is noted In
quotations and business has not materially
improved, a better feeling prevails In the local
market for Metals. At the close to-day the
Metal Exchange reported:
PIG IRON— Warrants, quiet, with $6 70 bid
and $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $11 87%
bid and ?12 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $14 25 bid and $14 35 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 25 bid and $4 35
asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $3 72% bid and $3 77%
asked. The firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters in the West quotes Lead
at $3 50.
COFFEE — Options closed Irregular with
prices T"i;.". points net advance. Sales, 20,250
bags, including: March, 5.05 c; May, 5.15 c. Spot
Coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 5%c: No. 7
Jobbing, 6%c: mild, quiet: Cordova, SV4@l6o.
SUGAR— Raw quiet, but firm; fair refining,
3%c; centrifugal, 96-test, 4c. Refined firmer.
BUTTER— SIOO packeges; firm;
Western creamery. IR@lSc; Elglns, 19}4c; fac
tory, 12@14%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 15,100 packages; firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 10@10Vic; Western, 10@10%3;
Southern, lOVic. _
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March California dried
fruits: Apples steady: other fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 5@7%c;
prime wire tray, S*4c; wood dried, prime, B%c;
choice. SV4«?S*ic: fancy, 9@9&c.
PRUNES— 3%©7%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, CVi@7c; Moorpark, -B%@
lOHc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, E©9c; peeled, 12!j?17c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March Wheat opened exceed
ingly weak. initial trades in July ranging from
83% cto 83* c, or %@%c under yesterday's clos
ing price. May was a cent lower at $1 04*4
and declined at once to $1 04. The future, how
ever, was little heard from and remained at
that price with scarcely a trade of note until
I late in the session. Some July selling orders
| were prominent at first and it took but a brief
| time to break the price to 82% c. The break
' in Wall street stocks and the day's develop
; ments at Washington created decided uneasi
! ness among traders, and led to the abandon
ment of much of the wheat taken on during
yesterday's advance, ■ and to the almost total
withdrawal of • Influential support from the
market. The situation as to Cuba Indeed con
stituted about the only feature of the market,
j as little else was given any attention. Tho
] market continued to drop for an hour, getting
I down as low as 82% c, when buying against
"puts" caused a rally to S2%c. Outside of this
demand there was little buying from any
source and the, market again sagged, though
slowly, until around the noon hour. Then
greater weakness was developed. • The proceed
ings in the Senate resulted in a lot of long
property coming on the market and Increased
the volume of short selling in a marked de
gree, July breaking under the pressure to 81% c.
Then the market hardened under a covering
movement which assumed respectable propor
tions for a time and caused a rally to 82% c.
Near the close a sharp break in May, caused
j by the attempt to market a fairly large line
' on an unsupported market, resulted in re
i newed activity among the July bears, and
I prices slipped off again In a very short time
to Wic. After the liquidation In May was
over, Letter brokers had no difficulty in bid
ding the price, which had fallen to $1 01 Vs. up
to $1 04Vi again, and this quick reaction caused
I a little better feeling In July. The .market
! rallied to SlTi@S2c, and closed at that figure.
There was quite heavy selling in long corn
all day and the market was weak from the
start The break was altogether in sympathy
with wheat ami the Washington news.
Oats were rather slower and weak. Liqui
dation, which marked the early hours, was In
sympathy with the wheat break. Support was
not lacking, however, and caused a slight re-
Provisions were Irregular, though In the main
weak Washington news caused a good de* Jot
uneasinetis among holders and this and the
depression in grain prices, were the features
of the selling. ■ ...
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. NO 2- 4 ■ w 101*104*
May ......... 83% 83% 81% 82
September . . .- 77* 77^* ■ , 75 * 76^
DeSer I. 77% - 77% 76* 76%
May™* N ?:..*7...... 29 29 28H 28%
Yf.tv ' 30* 80% 30 80*
September 31% 31* , 31* 21*
fiats. No. 2- _2 . 25H 2<% 2<T4
July '■'..!....... 23 23 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl- ; 9co 9 940 \
f£ y "■"■::":;:. ...9 50 »» 935 947*1 :
Lard, per 100 lbs-
93 -4 97V4 4D 2* 4 97*
May .............. 5 02* 605 600 BW:
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs- ■ ; ,
juiv ;;;;:;:::::::;"j 02% 05 00 ■s «>
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour, ,
a,,u ■ Kn a snrlng Wheat, 95c: No. 2 red, $1 OlVi
Si 02H • No 2 Corn, 2S*lff2BT4c: No. 2 Oats.
Flaxseed, $1 17; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 80®
2 S5; , Mess Pork, per barrel $9 37%@9 42%;
Lard per 100 pounds. $4 95@4 97%; Short Rib
Sides loose. $4 53&06 10; Dry Salted Shoulders.
boxed, 4%@4^c; Short .Clear Sides, boxed .ta 25
95 40; Whisky, distillers 1 finished goods, $1 19%
per gallon. : ' ' ■ '-■■'.•"■
Articles— : ■ - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 j 4,,000
Wheat bushels • 64,000 441.000
Corn, bushels ..::.::::..... 210,000 89.000
Oats, bushels 286.000 210,000
Rye, bushels ................ 7.000 •_;•;,;;
Barley, bushels 36.000 37,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 13@18c; dairies,
10%@16c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 9c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— - . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 117,860 40,700
Duluth 62.054 . ....:.
Milwaukee 81.850 9,085
Chicago 63.729 441.260
Toledo • 17,898 2,800
St. Louis • 7.000 3.000
Detroit - 6,896 4,544
Kansas City 13,000 11.000
Totals 809,387 E12.359
Tidewater-
Boston ••• 81.161
New York 48,100 24.083
Philadelphia 31,8.-0 9.086
Baltimore , -.. —•• - 845 16.000
New Orleans
Galveston 8.850 14,400
Totals 217,806 63.569
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening • 64 55 60 25
Closing 64 55 60 40
Flour— '
Opening 28 95 27 95
Closing 29 00 28 00
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec. 1
Opening ....7 10% 76% 7% 66% 6 6 |
Closing 710 75 7 % 66% 6 6T4 j
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 29.— Offerings were light
and mostly at Monday's quotations for Cat
tle. Sales were mostly below >3. Stockers and
feeders, $3 85©4 85 for choice, and oommon of
ferings and canning cows were firm at $2 Bo@
3; butchering cows and heifers in strong de
mand at $3:54 65; bulls sold at $2 60@4; calves,
poor to prime, ,H<B* "5, with sales chiefly at
$6<£i6 60.
* HOGS— Ruled 5@7%0 higher; bulk of th« |
hogs sold for {3 So@3 90, while pigs sold largely
at $3 So@3 50. The late market was weak.
SHEEP Trade In Sheep and Lambs was ac
tive at yesterday's advance of 2&c; shorn j
lambs, }•» 3o<Qs; unshorn, $5 50@6; Colorado*
going chiefly at Jo S6OB. ■ Sheep were in ex- j
cellent demand at J3 lb';ii 80, with sales chiefly ;
at $4 25@4 75 for fed Westerns, and shorn lots |
brought $3 7604 20; yearling sheep, $4 50@5 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 2600; Hogs, 11,000; Sheep,
15,000. -.V :,.--.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500:
market steady; closed strong;' native beet '.
steers, $3 90@5; Western steers, $3 75@4 60; I
Texas steers, $3 25® 4 25; cows and heifers, $3®> I
4 20; canners, $2&3; stockers and feeders, $3 latfp j
5 10; calves, $4(26 50; bulls and stags, $2 60@ i
3 70. '
HOGS— Receipts, 4700: market Be higher:
heavy. $3 65(g3 72%: mixed, $3 60@3 65; light,
$3 6003 67%: bulk of sales, $3 60@3 67%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4500: market stronger: fair
to choice natives, $3 75 / (?4 75; fair to choice i
Westerns, $3 8004 60; common and stock Sheep, i
$3@4; lambs, $4 25® 5 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS ' CITY. March 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7800; prices were steady to 10c lower,
! the poorer dressed beef grades bringing $3 50@ I
I 4 25, and choice shipping steers, $4 Ss@o 07%; !
j heifers, $3 6004 50; stockers and feeders, $3 500 i
i 5 10, values being 20c to 30c lower than a week !
i ago; fed Western ' steers', $3 75 ; i4 90; cows, $3@> ;
4 05. ■.- . -• ' . . •>■■ ■
HOGS— Market was active and steady to Be
; higher: sales were largely at $3 55@3 65, and the '■
I top price was $3 72%; heavies and packers, $3 60 ■
I ©3 72%; mixed. $3 50@3 70; lights, $3 40®3 60;
pigs. $3 25@3 55.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Were E@loc higher;
j lambs sold largely at $5@5 50. and a small
; bunch of natives brought $6; some fancy mut
tons sold at $4 75, and the bulk changed hands
at $4 to $4 50. Receipts. 1300.
DENVER.
DENVER, Colo.. March 29.— CATTLE— •
ceipts, 200. Market steady to firm. Beef
steers, $4'g4 SO; cows, J3i}3 90; feeders, freight
paid to river. $4t(4 70; stockers, freight paid,
! $4{T4 80: bulls, stags, etc., $2 25®3.
Receipts. 800. Market firm; Be higher. |
i Light packers, $3 6601 75; mixed, $3 60&3 70;
heavy, $1 (003 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
Good fat muttons, $304 2"; lambs, $4 30@5 25.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
NEW YORK, March — The Journal of !
Commerce says; No improvement' In business !
; In any line of Calif rnla fruits has : occurred. [
: The general Impression among both commission j
i merchants and Jobbers at this end seems to be j
that' the damage done rto fruit crops In
California has been greatly overdrawn, but
some appear to think that coming crops will
necessarily be light if half of the statements j
regarding. existing conditions are true. At the I
same time they are not disposed to back up i
j their opinions by speculative purchases
i In view of the very uncertain condition of
' business and dubious outlook on the Cuban
| question.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON.- March 29.— wool market con
tinues dull and very little business Is being
done. Manufacturers have "good supplies on
hand as a rule and do not appear Inclined to
Increase their holdings while the uncertain
conditions exist. Outside conditions are firm,
but at present no one appears disposed to
| buy, and to force sales on the present mar
- ket a liberal concession In values would have
to be made. The fact Is that no one cares
to buy at present, and at such a time It is
poor policy to attempt to sell.
Quotations: Territory wools, Montana fine
medium and fine, 16@18c; scoured, 46@48c; sta
ple, 500. Utah, Wyoming, etc.. fine mediums
and fine, I.v.<i7c; scoured, 45@47c; staple, 60c,.
Australian scoured basis, combing, superfine,
70:y72e; good, <">sli6Sc; average, 62®65c; Queens
land, combing,' 65c.
. LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 29.— At the Wool auction
sales to-day 14.998 bales were offered. The se
lection was good. A large quantity of good
New South Wales greasy was actively com
peted for with the continent securing the bulk.
Following are the sales in detail:
New South Wales, 3900 bales; scoured, 6%d@
Is 6d; greasy, fAiiQlld.
Queensland, 2000 bales; scoured. Is 3d@la lOd;
greasy. ti^iilid.
Victoria. 2000 boles; scoured, S%d<2>ls %d;
greasy, 6d@ls 6d.
South Australia, 200 bales; greasy, 7^@Bd.
West Australia, 700 bales; greasy, BH@7d.
New Zealand, 2500 bales; scoured, BVi@llHd;
greasy, 6^@9d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 3200 bales;
scoured, 7'sdjifls 6d; greasy, s@SV.id.
Chile, 100 bales; greasy, 1 5 1 / id.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Bradstreet's weekly
statement of the changes In available supplies
of grain is as follows: i';-.;'-' .
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 1,743,000 bushels; afloat
and in Europe, decrease. 700,000 bushels; total
decrease world s available, 2,443.000 bushels.
— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 143,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies,' decrease, 1,201,000 bushels.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, lUX; silver,
25%; French Rentes, lOSf S6c.
LIVERPOOL, March Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California wheat, 87s 9d; cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, firm;
English country markets, quiet; French coun
try markets, firm ; Liverpool . wheat. No. 1
California, 7s 9V6d@7a 10% d; cotton, uplands,
3%.. . . - ■- .
. NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., March 29.— WHEAT—
Walla Walla, 77c; blue stem and valley, 790
per bushel.
TACOMA, Wash., March 29.— Wheat millers
are buying heavily and prices advanced He.
Club, 76>/4®77V4c; blue_st£m,_79V6@BoM;O.
CASH IN THE TREASURY. ,
WASHINGTON. March 29.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of tho Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $224,710,577; gold re
serve. $172,725,351. _________
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 29.— COTTON—
middling, 6M>c.
NEW ORLEANS, March 29.— COTTON—
Quiet; middling, SVgc.
. PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March Exchanges,
$262,262; balances, $77,371.
■. . .. , •' _•
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, eight — $4 BH4
Sterling Exchange. 60 daj-» — 4 84\4
Sterling Cables — 4 85 Mi
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1~4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 654%
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS.— The advance In wheat
and the dry weather continue to operata
against freight* and the market rules very
dull at 22s 9d aaked and 20s bid, usual op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet In port haa
a registered tonnage of 19,000, against 12,000
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
H.SOO tons, against 89,600; on the way to this
port, 200, 400 tons, against 239,500.
WHEAT— The Benares takes for Liverpool
54,1i0 ctls, valued at $81,000.
A decline at Chicago was offset by the dry
weather here, hence there was no weakness
apparent In the spot market, though futures
were rather easier on the early sessions. There
Is very little wheat offering.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 45
for No. 1. Jl 46i>i for choice and $1 47H®! B2V&
per ctl for choice for milling.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 3!>%; 2000, Jl 39%; 12,000, $1 40; May—
2000, $147; 2000, J147V4: 2000, $147%; 12,000,
$1 47%; 14.00. $1 47%; 4000, $1 47%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 W»; 2000,
$1 48; December— 2o,ooo, Jl 41; 2000, Jl 41%; 6000.
Jl 4H4; 4000. Jl 41H-
Regular Morning Session— December— 28,000
ctls, $1 40H; 26,000, $1 40%; 20,000. Jl 40%; May—
6000. $1 47=4.
Afternoon Session— December — 46.000 ctls,
$1 404; 2000, tl 4054; 2000, $1 40%; 6000, Jl 40H;
May— l2.ooo. *1 47%.
BARLEY— There was another advance yes
terday, and the market is very buoyant. With
every day of dry weather now there is likely
to be a further appreciation.
Feed, $1 18%@1 22V. ; Brewing nominal at
$1 25@1 SO.
CALL BOARD SALES.
! Informal session — 9:15 o' clock— December—
I 2000 ctls. Jl 20H; 16,000, $1 20%; SOOO, $1 20H;
! May— 2ooo. $1 22 ■*.
' Second session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 20%;
t 6000. $1 21: 2000. $1 21%: 4000. $1 22: 4000, $1 21H:
20-KV II 20%. May— 6ooo. $1 22H: 2000. Jl 21H.
Regular morning session— December— 2000 ctl«,
Jl 20*: 4000. SI JOH; 4'JOQ, SI 20^»: 6000. $1 20S.
Afternoon session— December. 2000 ctls. Jl 20":
14.000, Jl 21. May— 2ooo, Jl 21%; 8000. Jl 21; 4000.
Jl 20% ; 2000, tl 2074.
OATS— A further adv&nce. sympathetic with
the other cereals, is noted, though the market
is not especially active.
Fancy Feed. Jl 32H<g'l 85 per ctl: good to
choice. Jl 27HS1 32H: common, Jl 22H®1 27H;
Surprise. $1 1001 37^: gray. Jl 22V4@1 27V4;
milling. $1 Z6QI 30 per ctl.
CORN-The~ old prices still prevail with a
stagnant market.
Small riunii yellow, Jl 10<??l 12<4 per etl; large
yellow. Jl 06V4®l 10: white, $1 10@l 12^-
RYE— Firmly held at Jl 15©1 17H per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 7B#l 90 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The market Is firm In sympathy with wheat,
but quotations are unchanged.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*,
J4 7504 W\ Bakers' er.tras. J4 Eo@4 60 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per mo lbs; R>-e Flour. S3 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, J5 75; Cornmeal. J2 26; extra cream
Cornmeal, J3; Oatmeal, J3 50: Oat Groats, J4:
Hominy. J3 10@3 SO- Buckwheat Flour, J4;
Cracked Wheat. J3 B0; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, 13 25- Rolled Oats (barrels), J5 25
(ffs 65: In sacks, Jo O."i@s 45: Pearl Barley, 14;
Split Peas. J3 ' Green Peas. J4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran Is firm, and a further advance Is not
unlikely. Hay Is also strong at previous
prices, with moderate receipts,
BRAN— SI 6 88017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-s2off?23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. 125 0 2« per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50^29 50;
jobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 EOofl 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28(030 per ton; C'Tnmeal, $23(§)
24: Cracked Corn, $23 50!j}'24 50; Chopped Feed,
$17 fni 18.
HAY- 'Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $19*9>
23 5«; Wheat and Oat, $1R 50"?22 50; Oat, $17 50<fr>
19 50: Barley, $17^19: compressed W r heat. $19^
22; compressed Oat, $lfifrlß; Alfalfa, $11@13;
stock, $12ijjl3; Clover, $13^14.
STRAW— ;;:,'?T4Sc per bnle.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
Dealers still quote a dull market for Beans,
and quotations show no change worthy of,
note.
BEANS— $2 75@2 90; Small Whites,
$1 45^1 65: Large ''"hi $1 40®l 55; Pinks,
$2 40@2 DO: Reds, $2<?T3 25; Blackeye. $2 40®2 60:
Butters, $1 40@l 60; Llmas. $2@ 212%; Pea, $1 40
<gl 55: Red Kidneys. $1 8502 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 76®3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2@2 50; Flax. $2 35; Canary.
Seed, 2V4(S'2*ic per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
2!?i2%c; Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 5%c.
PRIED— PEAS— NUes, $1 60@l 85; Green. $1 75
®2 per ctl. .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Pricea for all descriptions ranged about the
same. There nre plenty of Potatoes and
Onlnns on hand for all needs. Not much
frozen Asparagus coming In now.
POTATOES— Early Rom, 50@65c; River Reds,
f.(v;.- :,'r ; River Burbanks, 50060 c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60990 c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
.:..•: Sweet Potatoes, TBcOsl for Merced; new
Potatoes. I%fi2 per lh. .
ONlONS— Choice, $2 60@2 76; common, $1 73@
2 25 per ctl: cut Onions, f.OfiM 2". per sack.
VEGETABLES— were 912 boxes As
paragus. 627 boxe3 Rhubarb ant] 454 sks Peas.
Asparagus, 50tc per It) for fancy, $1 75©'2 25
per box for No. 1, $1 2."G 1 50 for No. 2; Rhu
barb, 65c05l per box; Alameda Oreen Peas.
2@3e per lb; Dried Peppers. COTe per lb; Dried
Okra. 12% c; Cabbage, 60(<<75c per ctl; Carrots,
2.Vg6oc per sack; Garlic, &®s%c per lb; Cucum
bers, BocOfl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c: granulated raw,
13*-: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips.
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, COc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at Il<?fl2c for Turkeys,
$5 f.O for Ducks, $4 luffa for Hens, $S for young
Roosters, $4 25 for old do and $H 50 for fryers.
Young stock Is in quick demand and firm,
but old stock and Hens are dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2o for Gob
blers and 12<S13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12@15c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25@l 75; Gos
lings, $2 25@2 7.-,; Ducks, $4>i 5 for old and $7®
8 60 for young; Hens, $3*4; Roosters, young,
$7 SOM 50: Roosters, old, $3 50®4; Fryers, $6 50
@7; Broilers, $5 SOfffi 50 for large, »3®4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 7.''u2 25 per dozen for young
and $1 254T1 50 for old.
Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are quoted still higher by most deal
ers. Rutter is kept steady by packing In the
country, though there Is not much packing
going on here. Cheese is selling off well at
unchanged quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, lS@lßV*c; sec
onds, 13®17',ic
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lfl@l7Hc; second
grades, ICSISc per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16^c;
ladle-packed, lßigl6c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9©>loc; common
to good. 7Vi@B4c; Cream Cheddar. lOtfSUc:
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c:
Eastern. 12H@13Hc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14@15c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@13&c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market Is glutted with Oranges and
Lemons and they are weak. Limes are dull.
At auction 650 boxes sold at $1 10@l 45 for Na
vels, 6u@7sc for Mediterranean Sweets and 45c
@$l 75 for Lemons.
Receipts of Strawberries, are Increasing.
They sold yesterday at 25(g'500 per basket.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 76c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 2o@
2 25; Seedlings, 6Oc(js:sl: Tangerines. 35@40c for
small boxes; Lemons, 60@75c for common and
$101 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$4©4 50; California Limes, in small boxes, 40<g>
50c; Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen. ■
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
There Is positively nothing new to report In
this market.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3\@
4%c for 40-50' s, 3W©3\o for 50-60' s, 2%<23%c
for CO-70'b. 2%@2%c for 70-SO's. 1%@2i40.f0r SO
90' lVi@l\c for 90-100' Peaches. 2*4@4c;
fancy, 4H@sc: peeled, 10@12Hc; Apricots, s@6c
tor Royals and 7<5>7%c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, G-'Si^Vic: sun-dried,
4@sc; Black Figs. In sacks. 2@2^c; Plums,
4Vi@4%c for pitted , and l@lV4c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, o@s!- 4 c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2V.^4'^c for quarters
and 3@sVic for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. c'ic. : for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and ?1@
1 10 for London layers: dried grapes, 2&c.
NUTS Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
lb; "Walnuts, E<Ji6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2^4@3^sc for hardshell, 5@60
for softshell and 75JSc for' paper-shell ; Peanuts.
4©sV4c for Eastern and 4V4c for California;
Pecans. 6V4@Sc; Filberts. SHCTIOc; Brazil Nuts
B@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 s<yQs per 100. -
HONEY— B@loc for bright and B@7c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 4V4@
5c light amber extracted, 3%@4y0 per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market is still motionless at the old quo
tations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9^c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10fe@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per hbl; extra
Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef, $11<{rl2; Salt Pork,
$9: extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
$19; Smoked Beef, ll<iJl2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5V4c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7*ic;
California tierces, stye per lb for compound
and 6 : * c for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
"Vie; 5-lb tins, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%<S?fi*sc; packages,
less than 300 lbs — 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, %%c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, SHe; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B\4c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case. SVfcc: 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lhs net, 7 T %c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. me per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
New Wool 1» comln* in freely from the
South, but it is poor, dusty and heavy and not
well grown. No quotations for it have yet
been established. Hop 3 are as dull as ever.
There is no change in Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9@9Vtc; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9^c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, le-aISHc; culls and brands, 13®13^c;
dry Kip and Veal, UhfQU^c; dry Calf, 17H@
19'^c; culls, 16c; Goatskins. 30@37c each; Kids,
s@loc; Deerskins, good summer. 25®30c per lb,
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20<3>30c each; short jwool, 40<g700 each;
medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3M;c per lb; No.
2, :f/2Uc; refined, sc: Grease, 2(g2yc.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln. defective. 7®
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
12@13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop, 2®6c for poor to fair and 8®
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are lower again and dull at the de
cline. There is no change in Beef and Mutton.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Va@7o; second quality,
6%56c; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6@6>ic; smaJl, 7@7Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, BH®9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10®llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4@4»40 for
small and 4Hc for medium; stock Hogs, 2%@
3c; dressed Hogs, s%<2><>ttc..
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOB— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, $7 DO; Scotch, $10; Cumberland,
$10 in bulk and $U 60 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In sacks.
CORDAGE— Prices are aa follows: Manila—
1%-lnch, 7%c; 12-thread, B%c; 6 and 9 thread,
Sfcc; bale rooe, 7?i@B}4c SisaJ— l*4-lnch. 6%c;
12- thread, 7!4c; 6 and 9 thread, 1%0l bale rope,
6* <&>7 Vie. ■■. ■■ -.ft/:
CANNED FRUITS— BIack Cherries quotable
at $1 25@1 50; White Cherries, $1 25@1 75;
Peaches and Pears, 90c@$l 10; Apricots, 60©90 c.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas. 70c@U 25;
Tomatoes. 75c.
COFFEE— We quote: Costa Rica. 18@17c for
prime washed, 13V4@140 for good washed, 16®
16% c for good to prime washed peaberry, 14@160
for good peaberry, 12H@14^fco for good to prime,
ll@l2c for good current mixed with black
beans, 9@11%c for fair, 5H@7%0 for common
to ordinary; Salvador, 12@14c for good to prime
washed. 10®ll^c for fair washed, 14@15e for
good to prime washed peaberry, B>4@9 l iic for
superior unwashed, 7%@8 for good green un
washed. 11%@120 for good to prime unwashed
peaberry, Nicaragua, E@9»4c for good to super
ior unwashed, ll^@l2o for good unwashed pea
berry; Guatemala and Mexican. 16V4@18c for
prime to fancy washed, 13@15c for good to
strictly good washed, 11@12V2C for fair washed,
7(g'loc for medium, 5@6%c for common to ordi
nary, 15Vi<§16'4c or good to prime washed pea
berry, ll*£@l2c for good unwashed peaberry, 8@
9\4c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb, S%c;
cases, selected, per Ib, 4%c; cases. Imitation
Eastern, per lb, 4%0; boneless, per lb, Be;
rips, Norway, per lb, 6%e; strips, Narrow
Gauge, per lb, 5%c: strips. Silver King, per lb,
6Vic; blocks, Clipper, per lb. 6c: blocks. Ori
ental, per lb, 5%c; blocks. Seabright, per lb,
6%c; tablets. Crown Brand, per lb. 7Hc; mid
dles. Golden State, per lb, 6%c; middles. White
Seal, per dozen, BVie; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
dozen, 80c; pickled cod, barrels, each. . $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 9So;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates):
Linseed Oil, in barrels, 'boiled, 53c; do raw, 61c;
canes, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
barrels. Xc; No. 1, 45c; cases. 6c more: China
Nut, 47@5Sc per gallon; Neatsfoot Oil, barrels,
fiOc: cases,' 65c: No. 1. barrels, 60c; cases, 55c;
Sperm, crude, COo; natural white. 80e; bleached
do, 85c: Whale Oil. natural white, 40c; bleached
do, 45c: Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, ?1 25<g>l 35 per gallon; wagon
colors. $2i??2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, In bulk. HHc
per gallon; Pearl OH. In cases, 17c; Astra! do,
17c; Star do, 17c; Extra Star do. 21c: Elaine
do Me; Eocene do. 19c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 12c: do in cases, 17^c; 63 degree
Naphtha, In bulk, llHc; do In cases, lK^c: 86
decree Gasoline in Milk, 20c: do in cases, 25c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6@7c p«;r lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 61c; In iron barrels.
46c- in wooden barrels, 43c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, >~"-re1s. 43c: do cases, 4Sc:
raw. barrels, 41c; do cases, 4fic per gallon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s. 16 oz.. lV*c: 14 02.. B>4c; 12
oz , 6VJc; 10 oz., 4Uc. Paraffin* Wax Candles—
Is 2-». 4s. f.s ami 12s. white. 7£c: colored, B%c.
QUICKSILVER— For export. $36, and for local
use. $39 50 per flask.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 3fWT36e per lb:
do medium. 28c; do llsrht. 26#27c; rough,
medium. 2Sc; do light. JM?27c: rough Leather.
22323 c: Kips. J40(7?4r; per dozen: Calf, 90c©*l per
lb: roueh splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife splits, 10@l2c;
Collar Leather, black, 10<7M2e per foot: do rus
set. lft<Sl2c: Skirting Leather, 30<ft35c per lb.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%e: Confection"—' A. 6«, c; Mag
nolia A. 6%c; Extra C, 5Uc: Golden C, sc:
Candy Granulated. h\c: California A, 6%c per
lb: half barrels. %c more than barrels, and
boxes He ' more. ■
WOOD, LUMBER. ETC.
POSTS— IO@I2c each for No. 1 and 6®30 for
No. 2: Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough, $6 50;
peeled. $9: Pine. $5 75.
LUMBER— Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $l. r .^l7: extra
sizes, higher. Redwood— sl7@l9 for No. 1; Lath,
4 feet. $2 40®2 CO: Pickets. $20; Shingles. $1 75
for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic, $22@25.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, March 29.
Flour, qr ska ... 15, 588 1 Straw, tons 2
Wheat, ctls 500 1 Wool, bales 492
Barley, ctls 1,120 Quicksilver, flsk. 87
Corn, ctls 410 Paper, reams .. 150
Cheese, ctls ..... 34 Pelts, bdls .;.... 120
Butter, ctls 44? Hides, no 296
Tallow, ctls ..... EC Brandy, gals 4,250
Beans, sks 19 Wine, gal's 30.800
Potatoes, sks ... 1.91S Errs, dos ....... 19,630
Onions, sks ..... 15 Leather, rolls ... 23
Middlings, sks .. So | Raisins. bx» .... 1,275
Hay, tons 395'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.448 Oats, ctl» 6,210
Wheat, ctls 1,330 Flaxseed. ska ... 725
Barley, ctls 320
OREGON. , .
Potatoes, sks ... 2.3531
- « » ■ — •/•
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Abraham Wordell to Mrs. Ida Wordell Stark,
lot on E line of Webster street, 107 N of Grove,
N n by E 77; gift.
John Stevens to Eliza H. Stevens, lot on N
line of Hayes street 185 E of Fillmore, E 27:6
by N 137:6; %l.
Francis S. and Emily M. Page to Florence A.
Durden. lot on N line of Bacramento street
<< G \V of Fillmore, W 25:3 by N 128, quitclaim
deed: $10.
T. H. and Mary C. Kearney to William Nlcol,
lot on W lino of Engine lot In Western Ad
dition 374, distant 191:5 E of Stolner and^4:.T^i
S of Hermann, \V 101:3, N 62:3^ more or less,
SE 113 more or less, S 32 more or less; $5.
William and C. T. NlcTrt to City Street Im
provement Company, lot on 8 line of Hermann
street 90 E of Stelner, E 25 by 8 94; $5.
Angle -Call fornian Bank (Ltd.) to Oscar and
Charlotte A. Lewis, lot on N line of Sacra
mentn street 118:9 W of Stelner, W 28 by N
12S; $10.
Sophia Vaughan to Henry French, lot on E
line of Harrison street 270 N of Twenty-sixth,
N 25 by E 100; $10.
Joseph I. Lawless to Marten B. Jooet, lot on
E lino of Vlcksburg street, 65 S of Twenty
third. S 25 by E 117:6; also lot on E line of
Vlcksburg street, 90 S of Twenty-fourth, 8 24
by E 75; also undivided one-half Interest In
lot on W line of A'lcksburg street, 90 N of
Twenty-third. N 105 by W 1J7:6; »10.
Kate Adams to Robert A. Lewln, lot on W
line of Leavenwortli street, 137:6 N of Jack
son, N 20 by W 60; J2OOO.
William T. Boyce to Margaret E. Boyce, lot
on XW line of Bryant street, 245 W of Third,
W 23 by N 80; $1.
Joseph I. Lawless to Marten B. Joost, lot on
N line of Casselli avenue, 425 W of Douglass,
N 121 by W 25, lot 17. block 1, Ploche & Robin
son Subdivisions; also lot 10, block 19, Market
Street Homestead Association: also undivided
one-half of following, lot 12, block 23. Market
Street Homestead Association? also lot 9, block
15, No« Garden Homestead Union: also lots 1,
7 and 13, block 23, Pioche & Robinson 181 8 Sub
divisions; $10.
Washington Irwin to Charles H. Athearn,
estate of Mary Irwin, No. 19,390, deed and as
signment; $1600.
Alameda County.
Joaquin R. Marshall to Manuel Marshall,
nil interest in lot on W line of Louise street.
125 N of B, N 50 by W 133, being subdivisions
B and C in lot 11, block 779, Watts Tract. Map
2; also lot J, block 800, Map of B street subdi
vision Watts Tract. Oakland; $1.
Sarah Hnight Tomkins to Wells, Fargo ; &
Co., 52S d 174. lot on W Una of Harrison street,
390 N of Durant, W 150, S 4 feet, W 167.84.- N
170.22. E . 404.14, . S 212.51, to beginning. Oak
land; grant. ■ . • .
S. E. Brookes to Ada Hewlett, lot 101 In plat
84, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Annex;
' $10.-. ■:'• . . ■ '-,-'■. - ■ ■
■- John R. Glascock to Benedetta G.'Compiano.
lots 29 to 33. , Glascock & Blow, Temescal Tract,
Oakland Annex; $10. • • ■_• ■ • ■ - ■ -■ = *
Horace M. Hastings to Sarah W. Hastings,
re-record of 206 ii 545, lots 50. 61 e#df>2, block
— .being portion Hayes,' Caperton & McMurtry
Tract, oultclaim deed, Alameda: $10. •■; v <
Orln E. Caverly to Isabella Caverly. lot 11,
block B, DeWolf. Tract, Brooklyn ■ Township;
gift. ■> .. .■;:■:- ■■• ■•.-■.; ; ;
; BUILDERS CONTRACTS. - ;C; C
- Pacific Telephone and ■ Telegraph Company
(owners) with Walker Bros. Co. (contractors),
architect, Albert Button. 1 ' Alterations and • ad
ditions except heating t and ventilating .for a
6-story brick building on N line -of Bush street,
206:3 E of Montgomery. E. 68:9 by N 137:6. ,; i^
- "W. "■• P. ■■ Herrin . (owner) :: with - Anderson . &
Greig (contractors), architect, 1 Julius E. Krafft.
All '• work * for : a 2-story i frame building with
attic and basement •on E line of Scott street,
155 N of Broadway. N 50 by E 102:6. V -,
THE CALL CALENDARS.
March. 1898.
Ho
pp.
i
11
8 .
15
la*
10
17
,*rLast Quarter
V& Mar. U. -
yCv New Moon."
j W Mar. 22.
14
21
28
U
23
21
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco Tor the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cor'ially invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
srraph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time cr giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to 9«n
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MABCH-ISSB.
Wednesday. March 80.
Snn rls«fl 6:51
Sun sets 8:S1
Moon sets 1:87 a. m.
'JFeet Tlme :
HW
i
l:
L W
0:14
1:20
2:10
2:51
R:3l
4:10
H W
5:89
6:59
8:01
8:52
9:89
10:2.'
4.1
4.1
4.2
4.1
4.8
4.8
141
41
4.S
M
4.9
kg
r..j
8
4
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tlde«
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th° lower low watera.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
>mt. AiasKa Mar wj
loaa Pan Dleeo.. - Mar 30
Humbodlt «... M,v 31
law Tacoma Mar 31
<lla Honolulu Mar 31
ay Newport Apr 1
t Cai Portland Apr 1
la Victoria * Pueet Sna. Apr 3
ia. San Uiero Apr "
Nanalmo Apr 3
a Mexico Apr 4
oia Portland Apr 5
Font HumDoidt Apr 5
; Humboldt Apr G
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ATIOXI
Sait.s.
ortn Forte
sreoott
anta Rosa
iumDoldt.
Falla Wlla
|Humboldt .... Mar X). 9am
Portlana Mar 80.10 am
Hutnboidt.... Mar 31. 9am
Humbldt Bay. Mar 81, 9 Ail
San Dlesro.... Apr I.llam
Alaska Apr 1, .. —
Vie A P Sound Apr 1. 10 am
Humbolat Apr 2.10 am
China & Japan Apr 3. 1 pm
[Newport Apr 8. 9am
Portland...... Apr 8.10 am
Coos Bar Apr 6.10 am
ISanDiegro Apr 6. 11 am
Pier «
Pier >
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier "»
Pier 9
PM SS
Pier U
Pier 2t
Pier U
I Pier 11
lomer
elgic
009 Bay..
tate of Cal
rcata
0m0na... .
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. March
29, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHfiS,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. March 29.
Stmr Peru, Frlele. 23 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama 16 days.
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy, 84 hours om Seat
tle.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, 20 days frm Panama
and way ports.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenea, 3 days 18 hours
from Nanalmo. •
Brig Geneva. Paulsen, 17 days from Hllo.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen 7 days from Ne
fralem River.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorenson. 23 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, 5 days from Port
land.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, March 29.
Btmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Ooodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall. Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Ship Kenilworth. Baker, Hllo; Williams, Dl
mond & Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Soule, Honolulu; Welch
£ Co.
Schr Free Trade Moore, Karluk; Charles
A Moore.
SAILED.
Tuesday. March tt.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Btmr Arcata, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crnscup, Tacoma,
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Btmr Cleone. Walvig. Albion.
Ship M P Grace.Chipperfleld. Port Townsend.
Bchr Pioneer. Mlkkelsen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 29, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity, 8 miles.
BPOKEN.
March 7— Lat 18 42 N, long 87 W, ship Roaa
oke from Baltimore, for San Franlcsco.
Jan 30— Lat 3 N, long 25 W, Br ship Dua
boyne, from Liverpool, for Victoria-
March 7— Lat 5 N. long long 28 W, Br ship
lolanthe, from Victoria, for London.
No date— Lat 37 S, long 35 W, Br ship King
Edward, hence Nov 16. for Queenstown.
March 9— Lat 6 N. lat 30 W, Ocr ship Bertha,
hence Dec 29, for Qu
March 23— Lai 51 N, long 17 W, Br ship El
ginshire, fromT>regon for Queenstown.
CHARTERS.
The Albert loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Lyderhorn load* lumber on the Sound
for Callao, 455.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 26— Ship Tacorr.a.
for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived March 19 — Stmr
Greenwood, from Port Los Angeles.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 28— Schr Bar
bara Hernster, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 29— Stmr Va
lencia, from Copper River and sails for San
Francisco this evening.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 28— Sohr
Charles R Wilson, hence March 17: schr Guide,
hence March 17; echr Dora Bluhm, hence
March 18.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived March 28— Sch North
Bond, hence March 18.
HRAT'i -H — Arrived March 28— Stmr Hura
boldt, from Dyea.
Sailed March 29— Stmr Humboldt, for San
Francisco.
BANDON- Sailed March 29— Schr Joseph and
Henry, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed March 29— Stmr
Fulton, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 29— Schr Emma Claudlna, frm
Mahukona.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed March 29— U S stmr Al
batross, for .
SEATTLE — Arrived March 29— Stmr Chll
kat from Orca; stmr Tillamonk, from Dy»»a.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 29— Stmr Lakme,
from Dyea.
.Sailed March 28— Stmr South Coast, for
Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived March 28— Stmr Homer,
ben re March 27.
HUENEME— Arrived March 29— Stmr West
port, from Newport.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— SaiIed March 29— Br Btmr Em
press of India, for Yokohama and Hongkong.
NANAlMO— Arrived March 29— Ship Elwell,
hence March 15.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 7— Ger bark
Amazone, for Portland. March 10 — Ger ship
Nomia, for Portland.
DEAL— Passed March 28— Br ship Craigmore.
hence Oct 19.
DUNKlßK— Arrived March 28— Br ship Lady
Wentworth, from Oregon.
QUEENSTOt\'N- Returned March 28— Br ship
Sierra Eatrella.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed— Br stmr Empress of
Japan, for Vancouver.
BE ACHY HEAD— Passed March 29— Br ship
Bothwell. hence Oct 1. for Quenstown.
juONDON— Sailed March 29— Br ship Rajore,
for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 29— Stmr Trave.
for Bremen: stmr Bovlc, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 29— Stmr No
madic, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 29— Stmr Ken
elngton. for New York.
GIBRALTAR— ArIved March 29— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York.
1920
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
McKENZIE IS
NOW IN JAIL
Confessed to the Grand
Jury He Told Two
Stories.
Trouble Arises From the Note
Sent to Officer Ham
merton.
Harry ThomM Summoned to Give
Evidence at To-Day's
Session.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 29.
Robert McKenzie, who carried the
letter from Secretary Haxry. Thomas to
Officer Hammertcm asking for $100, is in
Jail by order of the Grand Jury.
The courthouse was alive with police
officers to-day, who had been sum
moned to appear before the Grand Jury
to tell whether they were asked for
loans, or whether they paid money in
any form to obtain or hold their posi
tions. The ten new officers were ail on
hand and each was before the jury- J-
W. Kesler and John Devereaux, who
wanted to be police officers but were
disappointed, were also present in an
swer to subpenas, and Police Captain
Wilson, City Attorney Dow, Chief
Lloyd. Harry Thomas and others were
examined during the day.
Chief Lloyd was under examination
for a long time and was required to tell
his reasons for every recommendation
he made.
Robert McKenzie was the next wit
ness. He is the man who, it is alleged,
carried the letter from Harry Thomas
to Officer Hammerton asking for a loan
of $100. Harry Thomas positively de
nies the authenticity of the letter and
pronounces it a forgery. McKenzie at
first denied that he knew anything at
all about the matter, but on cross-ex
amination he fell down and told of go
ing to Hammerton with a letter and
admitted that he had previously been
giving wrong testimony.
The testimony was of such a charac
ter that the Grand Jury was anxious
to retain him, although they did not
feel Justified at this stage in issuing a
warrant. McKenzie was asked if he
would consent to be detained in the
County Jail for twenty-four hours and
he expressed his willingness to be im
prisoned.
At the County Jail McKenzie was in
clined to be very reticent. He admitted
that he had given some contradictory
testimony to the jurors, and said he had
finally concluded to tell the truth to
save himself.
The Grand Jury will meet at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning and a sub
pena was issued to-night for Harry
Thomas. This gave rise to a rumor that
an indictment had been issued, but
Harry Thomas said there was nothing
served on him but a subpena.
SHOT HIMSELF
IN HIS BED
Suicide of Emele Peterson at
an Early Morning
Hour.
A Cancer and Love Affairs Said to
Have Been the Cause
of It
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 29.
Mrs. J. B. Myrick of 1674 Eighth street
found Emele Peterson dead in bed this
forenoon, he having shot himself in the
right temple some time previous. She at
once notified Fred Eiben, Peterson's
brother-in-law, who forced an entrance
to the dead man's room. The body was
wrapped up in the bedding and a der
ringer was lying upon the pillow.
Peterson has been a sufferer from a
cancer on his face, which greatly wor
ried him. He worked for Eiben & Noe
during the former's absence in the East.
On his return Peterson gave up his posi
tion because it waa bo confining. He Is
well known here, and it is said that be
has been disappointed In love.
The deceased was a native of Germany
and 33 years old. He was unmarried. He
was out late last night, and, when he
failed to get up for breakfast, nothing
was thought of it. Later Mrs. Myrick
■went to his room, but found it locked.
This was unusual, and she looked under
the transom. It was then that she dis
covered something wrong. He left no
writing of any kind to explain the rash
deed.
An inquest waa held to-night and death
ascribed to his own hand Trom despond
ency.
Sunday Service Legality.
OAKLAND, March 29.-^Tudge Hall
granted H. K. James, the attorney in the
case of Wilhelm vs. Vredenburgh, a ■writ
of alternative mandamus late this even
ing, directed against Justice Fred C. Clift.
This is an attempt to compel him to rec
ognize the validity of the service of legal
papers upon Sunday.
Brakeman's Damage Suit.
OAKLAND, March 29— The damage
suit of Claud F. Smith, a Southern Pacific
brakeman, against the Sunset Telephone
and Telegraph Company was begun in
Judge Ogden's court this morning. Smith
alleges that while In the exercise of his
duties he was struck in the face by a tel
ephone line that had been stretched
across the railroad track and knocked
down upon the top of a moving freight
train. Besides the injury, he lost seven
teen days' time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIEBIC
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OF BEEF
Is a perfect tonic ; It braces up the system to resist Neuralgia, Colds and
influenza ; it keeps the healthy well, and strengthens invalids. A perfect
essence of Beef; its effect upon the system is lasting, not transitory (ike
alcoholic stimulants. In the Kitchen it provides the essential features oi
good cookery— appetising flavour, nourishment and digestibility.
HOW OPIUM
GETS INTO JAIL
Story of a Man Who Lived
Many Years at San
Quentin.
Political Guards Traffic in the
Drug and Make Big
Money.
•
Some Con-vlots With Coin Are Able
to Purchase Immunity From
Hard Labor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 29.
So long as the State prisons are po
litical Institutions periodical riots and
! murders, due to the use of opium, will
continue to shock the public and dis
grace the State. A citizen of Oak
land, who is now doing well, but who
was released a few years ago after
serving a long term for a crime com
mitted in San Francisco, has sent to
The Call the following interesting com
munication on the causes of the trou
bles at State prisons:
On© of the members of the Board of
State Prison Directors has been ap
pointed a committee of one to travel
thousands of miles and expend many
hundred dollars to visit and investi
gate the workings of other penal insti
tutions. They could have found more
than enough to occupy their attention
at home had they performed their
duty as required by their oath of of
fice. Are the directors ignorant of cer
tain things that take place within the
prison walls? I think not. However
that may be, I know those institutions
are conducted in such a loose manner
as wardens of Eastern prisons would
consider shameful. Professional crim
inals find conditions there that suit
them very much. Young criminals,
boys from the country towns of tender
years who have committed their first
offense, are sent to herd with the most
vicious, and no attempt is made to
separate those who have committed
their first offense and the most hard
ened.
Most of the men who enter the walls
of San Quentin do not use opium. Yet
a few months after they enter they
are in all probability confirmed opium
fiends, especially the young, who are
easy victims to the seductive drug. It
is not long after that the drug works
upon their worst passions. It is then
that the most degraded of men tind
their opportunity, and the poor young
victim falls so low in the scale of hu
manity as to be shunned by all who
have the slightest respect for them
selves.
The officers try, or pretend to try. to
prevent opium from entering the pris
on walls.' But without avail. Why?
Because as long as the prison is run
on a political basis it will be almost
impossible to prevent the entry of
opium. Just look at the inducement
offered those who smuggle the drug
inside. Opium within the walls is al
ways worth ten times what it is worth
outside, and at times when what is
called a "famine" prevails, It brings
as high as $150 to $175 per pound, and
number two (2), or second quality, at
that.
Many of the guards are sent to the
"Warden with a political recommenda
tion to which the Warden is forced to
pay consideration. His qualifications
for the positon are not even consid
ered; he is received and appointed to
pay a political debt. Now. it is
through such men that opium is intro
duced Into the prison.
I have known opium to com* In by
the bucketful, supposed to be eggs.
This was during the time that John
McComb was Warden, and It was a
relative that brought It in.
It was under this administration
that crime ran rampant, murders were
of frequent occurrence, and seldom
waa there a conviction for such acts.
The prison is nothing more than a
large manufactory, the amount of
goods turned out being considered
above everything else.
On one occasion the officers of the
prison had to appeal to the Governor
to pardon a youthful criminal from
Oregon for the reason that he was de
moralizing those within the walls. He
was pardoned. The convict best able
to supply the wants of others, such as
opium, good bed furniture and a bet
ter grade of food will be the one to
run things and to create jealousies.
The result is deadly combat and until
such htings are done away with there
will always be trouble, and it is against
reason to suppose that men can be re
formed and come out and be good
members of society as long as such a
state of affairs exists. It is simply
offering the prisoner inducements to
become more evil Instead of good. Fa
voritism exists to some extent. Those
convicts with money and Influence
stand a much better chance of secur
ing release than those without money
and friendless. It used to be a com
mon thing for convicts with money to
purchase Immunity from hard labor
and obtain good food by paying to be
put on the sick list. There is not
enough attention paid to prison disci
pline and too much attention paid to
the jute mill. If they can force the
convicts to turn out bags enough to
keep within the yearly appropriation
everything elee is of minor Impor
tance. Until they pay more attention
to the physical and moral welfare of
the inmates they will always have re
peaters. A new prison or a remodel
ing of the old so that men can be kept
separate is In order. Until this is done
It is useless to speak about reforma
tion.
Sunday Services at County Infirmary.
OAKLAND, March 29.— Rev. F. Smith,
an indigent admitted to the County In
firmary from Supervisor Church's dis
trict, has begun Sunday services at that
institution. He 1b an old Methodist
minister, and delivered a sermon on the
"Power of the Tongue" which he once de
livered in Spurgeon's church in London.
He will continue the services in the din
ing-room while he stays there.
The Altenheim's Portion.
OAKLAND, March 29.— Mrs. Johanna
Hiegel, who died November 21, 1896, left a
will bequeathing her property to societies
as follows: The Infant Shelter of San
Francisco, the German General Benevo
lent Society of San Francisco and the
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1898.
German Home for Old People— Deutsches
Altenhelm— at Fruitvale. The will pro
vided $200 for the shelter, one-half of the
estate for the Benevolent Society, and the
other half to the Akenheim. The estate
consists of $1915, out of the $2543 64 that
came into the administrator's hands. Af
ter paying the other bequests there re
mained $807 50 fnr each institution. But
the law forbids that more than one-third
of an estate shall be left to charitahlo in
stitutions. One-third of this estate is
$638 33. Hence a petition has been filed to
ascertain judicially whether tho Alten
heim Is a charitable organization.
Police and Fire Changes.
OAKLAND, March 29.— 1t is probable
that there will be some changes made to
morrow by the Board of Public Works
in the heads of the Police and Fire de
partments. The Mayor and City Engineer
Clement are said to have entered Into an
agreement to promote Captain Fletcher
to the head of the Police Department and
to Put Nick Ball in the Fire Department.
The Mayor said to-day that there might
be changes to-morrow, but he would not
say so positively. At the present time
both the Mayor and City Engineer have
grievances against City Attorney Dow,
and this helps to give color to the truth
of tho rumored changes.
Supervisor Roeth Testifies.
OAKLAND, March 29. — Supervisor
Roeth was on the witness stand to-day
in his own behalf during the trial before
Judge Ellsworth In the Superior Court.
He claimed that he paid Individually for
the cutting: of all of the trees he kept.
These were given him by E. A. Heron, the
agent for the property adjoining the
street from which they were cut. A ques
tion was raised regarding the ownership
of certain other trees, he said, and he re
fused to take them. The trial will be con
tinued to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Fabiola Hospital Derby Day.
OAKLAND. March 29.— The closing day
at the Emeryville trade this spring is to
jbe Fabiola Hospital Derby Day. Presi
dent Thomas Williams has so notified the
i ladies and arrangements are being made
accordingly. The decorations are all to
be ribbons and it is expected that the at
tendance will be even greater than a year
ago. The entire proceeds of the day will
go to the Hospital Association.
Muchmore Returns Home.
OAKLAND, March 29. —August Much
more, who left a short time ago to estab
lish a weekly newspaper at Skaguay, has
returned without going: further than Se
attle. His partner investigated the field
and advised a delay. Muchmore is con
sidering a proposition to establish another
paper at Seattle.
Ex-Governor Haight's Widow Dead.
OAKLAND, March 2?.— Mrs. H. H.
Haight, widow of ex-Governor Haight of
California, died at the family residence,
1201 Alice street, to-night. Mrs. Haight
has been sick for some time and her
death was not wholly unexpected.
NEED WATER FOR SPRINKLING.
The Prospective Drouth Threatens
Great Damage to Berkeley
Streets.
BERKELEY. March 29.— Superintendent
of Streets Guy H. Chick has requested the
| Town Trustees to take immediate steps
| to secure water lor sprinkling the streets
j of Berkeley, which he fears will be cut to
I pieces during the coming summer if the
1 town is going to rely upon the scant
i supply of water which the Alatneda
I Water Company is almost certain to have
; for the purpose. He suggests that water
:be obtained from wells, one near the
■ Town Hall, another in North Berkeley,
| another near College avenue and Char
ming way and another near Berkeley sta
j tion, by means of a portable pump.
The Oakland Paving Company has also
| submitted a proposition to supply the
j town with water for sprinkling purposes.
! It offers to lease to the town for a period
! not to exceed five years the well on its
D wight way property at a rental of $S
I per month, if the flow is less than 20,000
; gallons per day. or $10 per month if the
'flow exceeds 20,000 gallons a day. The
: matter has been referred to Trustees
Maslin and Le Conte of tfie Street Com
mittee, who will report at the next regu
lar meeting of the board.
; _-•« :
BERKELEY MAY HAVE COURTS.
Then Saloon-Keepers "WTio Refuse to
Pay Licenses Will Be Disciplined.
BERKELEY, March 29.— President J.
|W. Richards of the Board of Town
| Trustees declares that a number of "West
Berkeley saloon-keepers are taking ad
! vantage of the fact that there are no
] courts in Berkeley and refuse to pay their
i licenses. He proposes that they be pun
j isned by being refused licenses when the
j local courts are re-established.
There is a prospect that the town may
win its appeal from the recent decision of
the Superior Court declaring the Berkeley
Justices' courts illegal. In the decision of
the Supreme Court just handed down in
reference to the validity of the Police
Court of Sacramento, while the courts
were declared illegal, three of the jus
tices — McFarland, Van Fleet and Gar
routte — gave the dissenting opinion that
the Legislature has the right to create
special courts. r ihis is one of the prin
cipal points at Issue In the Berkeley case,
and if Justice Beatty, who was not repre
sented in the Sacramento case, concurs
in the view taken by the dissenting Jus
tices, there will be a majority of the
court holding for the validity of the
Berkeley courts.
Anti-Spanish Demonstration.
BERKELEY, March 29.— Several sug
gestions for a substitute for rushing have
been made to the Sophomores since the
positive announcement by the faculty
that interclass rushes will no longer be
tolerated. Professor Joseph? Le Conte has
suggested that the two lower classes se
lect rushing teams and that the members
of the team train for the rush as they
would for any athletic event. The very
latest scheme, however, is the proposition
of V. H. Henderson, a prominent member
of the class of 1900, that the sophomores
get up an "Anti-Spanish" celebration,
such as has been given at the University
of Michigan and other Eastern colleges.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 29.— Lieutenant R.
H. Noble, an aid on General Shafter's
staff and a graduate of St. John's College
of Law, lectured before the seniors at the
university this afternoon on "Military
and Martial Law."
President Martin Kellogg, Professor
Bernard Moses, Professor T. P. Bailey
Jr. and G. W. Beattie of the chemistry
department of the university will take
part in the meeting of the Southern Cali
fornia Teachers' Association, which will
be in session on Thursday, Friday and
Saturday of this week.
On April 8 the eighteen trustees of the
various State normal schools will meet at
Los Angeles to elect a principal of the
new San Diego normal school.
The varsity baseball nine defeated Karl
Krug's picked team on the campus this
afternoon by a score of 7 to 5.
Masonic Funerals.
ALAMEDA, March 29.— The funeral of
Augustus Layer, the well-known archi
tect, took place at Masonic Temple at 10
o'clock this morning. The services were
conducted by the master of Pacific Lodge
of San Francisco, of which Mr. Layer
was a member. The funeral was largely
attended, and the remains were escorted
to their last resting place in Mountain
View Cemetery by a large concourse.
At 2 p. m. the funeral of Franklin L
Perkins took place at Masonic Temple
The ceremonies were conducted by the
master of Oak Grove Lodge, assisted by
Chaplain Scott. The pall-bearers were-
John Nobmann, C. C. A. Peterson, W. R
Poyzer. F. E. Jenkins, Ralph Kramer and
R. Potts. The lodge escorted the remains
to Mountain View Cemetery for Inter
ment.
Alameda News Notes.
AL.AMEDA, March- City Trustee
Fletter has returned from a trip to East
ern cities, including: New York. Philadel
phia. Chicago, Bridgeport and other
places. He reports times as very good
factories running full blast and i consider
able interest in legitimate mining Invest
ments. Wherever he went .; among f the
manufacturing centers ;he : found : every
thing booming. :' v-
Mrs. Kate Adams died last night at 2226
Buena Vista" avenue of cancer. She was
a native of : Virginia and .was 75 years of
age. ■-.■■,■■...:.•.■..■- .- "..s. ■: . .■:,■-'■■:.■ : . .'.■,-•;.
John : Hicks pleaded = guilty, to vagrancy
this morning and was given thirty day's
In jail by Justice Morris, i .
f Mrs. John Muller: of Pearl street, an
ei^erly ; lady, broke one of ; her ; arms • this
evening by falling from < a chair In I which
she was standing to arrange a picture on
the waUi . • , ' •• . - .. ■
THE BEST HERE
IN TRAINING
Ed Corrigan's Colt Geyser
Made Fleur de Lis
Look Cheap.
Followers of the Favorites and
Tod Sloan Passed a
Restless Day.
Song and Dance Waltzed In at Odds
of 2O to 1 in tho Third
Rase.
After rolling up a string of eight suc
cessive victories. It has at last dawned
on the racing public in general t-iat Gey
ser, the bay colt by Ben All-Hot Springs,
racing in the colors of Ed Corrigan, is a
pretty fair sort 01 a horse. But It was
not until he met Fleur de Lis in tne
seven-furlong run at Ingleside yesterday
that he showed what he really is capable
of doing. The mare was an 11 to 10 favor
ite in the betting, but there was no part
of the route that Geyser did not hold her
safe, and when Tod Sloan finally gave the
latter his head he won with comparative
ease In I:26V£, making a new record. The
favorite finished two lengths before Paul
Griggs for the place. Eight to five was
the general price about the winner around
post time.
It was not a healthy day for first
choices, the two-year-old Leo Vertner
being the only one blessed with a pair of
brackets. The followers of Tod Sloan
were also a bit shaken up and dusty at
the conclusion of the sport, for Tod
reached the wire nrst on but one occasion,
though in all of his races he was knocking
at the door.
Thorpe, astride Humidity, the 6 to 5 fa
vorite for the opening two-year-old
scramble at four furlongs, was unfor
tunate in getting cut off soon after the
barrier was released, and finished in the
show. Toluca, ridden by Lonnie Clayton,
led throughout, beating Winifred in a
drive.
Leo Vertner was a pronounced favorite
for the "kindergarten" four and a half
furlong spin, and downed his field very
handily. Gold Scratch took place honors
from Zaccatoso.
Crotchety Song and Dance furnished a
mild sensation in the mile and a charter
selling run, for which Satyr ruled a 3 to
10 chance. At odtls of 15 and 20 to 1 he
drew clear of his field when six furlongs
had been covered, "and won in runaway
fashion, covering the distance in 2:08H-
In a drive, Sloan, on the favorite, secured
the place from Tulare.
Rosormonde looked a good bet to take
the mile run, fifth on the card, but when
galloping out In front Holmes let the
mare run wide with him when turning
into the stretch, and was passed by ooth
Soscol and major Hooker. The former,
second choice in ihe betting, won handily
by a quarter of a dozen lengths.
With the more dangerous ones
scratched, Corrigan's filly, Daisy F was
sent to the post favorite for the final
seven-furlong run. Free Lady, at 5 to 1,
made all the running, and, with consider
able in reserve at the end, led the choice
past the juuges oy two lengths.
TRACK ITEMS.
The presence of Satyr in the mile and a quar- !
ter event spoiled a very good betting race, and I
it looked like bad form on the part of his !
owner to start him, especially bo when the j
fact is taken into consideration that he took
a purse on the preceding day. The colt was
entered to b« sold for $400, and wta claimed by
Wally Weaver, owner and rider of Tulare.
He stands his new owner $700. which looks a
very fair bargain.
The Corrisran entries played in hard luck
yesterday. Out of five starts, horses carrying
the green with white sash were four times
placed second.
It looks very much now as though Sid
Reagan, who claimed Hohenzollern and Her
moso on Monday, .bit of more than he could
swallow. Upon investigation the Judges find
that only last week Reagan was hustling
around in an endeavor tc borrow a few dollars.
The ex-jockey's horses are stabled at Ingleslde,
while stalls were already prepared at the Oak
land track fur the horses claimed. It Is the
supposition that Reagan was simply acting as
agent for W. 11. Tlmmons, and more than
likely both horses will be returned to their
original owners.
Benamela seems to have jrone to the bad en
tirely. In most of his recent races the brown
horse has sulked, and yesterday he pulled up
very lame out of the thirl race.
Free Lady was undoubtedly short in her race
run previous to yesterday. On Thursday last
she was very prominent to the stretch In a
six-furlong sprint and then "blew up."
Sloan's ride on Satyr was one of the poorest
he has thus far furnished. He got the colt
badly messed about and made his run alto
gether too late.
Recent indications point to the early rein
statement by the Jockey Club of the well
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleslde Track-127th day of the
* Winter Meeting, Tuesday. March 29. 1898. Weather fine
Track fast.
813^
Index. I
FIRST
Horses.
fillies; purs*, $3&0.
(795) Toluca 11l
776 Winifred 105
790 Humidity 11l
(776) La Parasseuse 11l
760 Ocorona 10"
795 Practice 10S
610 Amoltopec 11l
... Ann Page 108
3
4
7
5
1
6
8
1 to
3 h
4 2
2 3
6 1
5 to
7 1
8
1 to
3 3
4 to
2 to
6 3
5 to
7 2
8
1 1
2 2
3 6
4 2
6 2
6 3
7 10
8
yion
Sloan
rpe
wson
Wilson....
S-l
2
8-5
25
15
8
8
10
ley
tntyre
Martin....
Time. :49.
three driving.
Winner, W. M. Murry's eh. f. by Nomad-Sweet.
Good start.
Won
814.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-old colts and
purse, $350.
geldings;
(743) Leo Vertner !
795 Gold Scratch ]
776 Zaccatoso ]
801 San Laredo !
... Chilcoot Pass :
1
S
I
5
4
8 8
1 1
2 1
4 20
6
3 lto
1 to
2 3
4 15
5
3 2
1 h
2 1
4 25
5
1 8
2 I' 4
8 lto
4 25
6
liey i
orpe ;......
Intyra ;...
.wson .....
Ma
1
7-5
10
12
30
ffln
Time, :56%. Winner, L. H. Ezell's b. g. by Leonatus-Rosa Vertner. Good start,
cleverly.
15.
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
puree, $400.
792 Song and Dance, a.:
(811) Satyr. 4 1
(791) Tulare. 4 :
774 Little Cripple, a...:
774 Don Clarenclo, 4 !
798 Mamie G, 5 !
798 Benamela, 5 1
6
4
3
7
1
2
&
68
4 h
3H
7
12
2 2
' 5 V, '
8h
6 to
2 r.
.'-;.7 !
1 n
4 2
6 2
12 •:
•* %-
2 1
6 2
3 1
1 3 .'■.
3 to
2 2
\l
6 2
7
1 S
3 to
2 h
6 3
4 2
6 4
■7
1 3
2 2
3 3
4 3
c 2
6 6
7
wson
Sloan
aver
iley
io :
1-3 3-
s :
20 ;
15 ;
20 :
io • :
Brown
iy '•'
Martin
Time. 2:oSto. Winner. Roy Carruthers' b. g. by The Bard-Heel and Toe.
Won easily.
Fair start.
16.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs;
; purse, $500.
(655) Geyser, 4 1
767 Fleur de Lis, 4 l:
SOO Paul Griggs, 4 1
SO2 Rubicon, a 1
... Salisbury 11, 6 1
2
1
3
5
4
2 to
1 2
8 to
6
4 15
If
3 to
5
48
2 h
1 2
8 15
6
4 2
3 6
1 to
2 h
5
48
1 n
2 2
3 10
4 30
5
'. Sloan
I. Martin....
)orsey
. Narvaez...
Iclntyre
Time. l:26Vfc.
easily.
Winner. E. ' Corrlean'« b. c. by Ben All-Hot Springs. Good start.
: -.- :■■■■ ■.■•. ■ ■:- ■■- • . A ■- ..- . -■:-■ ■■■ '■ -■-.-;■
17.
FIFTH
and upward; purse, $350.
794 Soscol, 3
4i14 Major Hooker, 8....
798 Rosormonde, 3
755 Twinkler, 3
773 Captain Reea, a '
788 Kafaela, 4
SO7 Stentor. 4
754 Nilhau, 3
4
2
3
5
7
1
6
I
2 1
3 to
1 %
6 h
6 to
8
4 l i
7 3
1 2
6 2
* to
8
6 h .
7 h
2 3
5 2
1 3
6 1
* to
6 1
7 3
8
2 2
3 1
1 1
4 S
5 1
6 3
7 15
8
1 3
2 to
S 2
4 15
5 1
6 2
7 25
8
....
510 an....:.
ilmes .......
ay .........
mero-
iwson '
Donald ...
vin ........
Time, 1:41%. Winner, Charles Spooner's eh. g. by St. Savlous-Ella T. Good start,
handily.
18.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Free Lady
Daisy F '.
Blarney Stone
Watomba !
Donator I
Apple Jack :
Little Alarm '.
Charles Le Bel I
8--
3
6
9
4 •--.-:-
2
to
1
to
3
: -18
5 2
■;W2 1 ■"'.■-
4 2
72 »
6 2
3 h
;; 9 •--;■;.•,•
I h
12
4 3
\\
6 1
C h
7 2
8 3
_?
1 2
2 h
3 1
4 5
6 2
6 h
7 3
8 2
9
I
h
2
6
>
4
2
;iawson
'. Sloan
lonley
I. Martin
tevens
lacklln
)orsey
tray
\. Wilson....
4
2
10
8-5
40
60
Prince Blazes :
1:28.* : Winner, W. F.
B. ..... :. .-■■ ■...-■ ■■■ -■:•
i br. t. by SVea - ICcl^UWTaAaia
Good' start.
known plunger. Riley Grannan. An Eastern
turfman now sojourning here received a letter
the other day in which the writer states the
press Is a unit in favor of the plunger, and
also that the turf officials are beginning to look
with favor on the young Kentuckian.
The great Ornament recently worked a mile
at Memphis very easily In 1:43^4.
Following are to-day's entries:
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Ptrst Race— Three and a half furtonra; two
year-olds.
759 Native Son 107| 638 Sir Urlan 107
795 Sweet Cakes ...lllj 776 Master Buck ...110
814 San Laredo 110 735 La Juanita 107
"6 San Augustine. .110 770 Reina de Cuba.. lo7
<S5 Physalis 11l ... Faversham 118
... Lola Montez ...115! ... Excursion 118
Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell-
Ing.
808 Miss Lynah ....104 (78S)Fortunat« 106
■•■ Potentate 109 796 Charles A 106
(765) Chappie 103 <7Sl)Robair 106
i7O Tim Murphy... .loo $02 Montgomery ...106
805 Lone Princess.. .lol i 639 George Miller.. .llo
690 Zamar II 103 563 Mirtllght 103
759 R. Q. Ban 109 ! ... Answer 101
Third Race— Three miles; the J. F. Ullman
Stakes; value, $2500.
810 The Bachelor ..116! 804 Ac« 118
804 Lincoln II 113 ...Sharon La 55 ....106
7»o Judge Denny. ...124!
Fourth Race— Full course steeplechase.
... Eureka 1401 (694) Captain Ree5. ...158
«03 Sky Blue 125 614 Huntsman ......125
678 Esperance 137
Fifth Race— One ana a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing.
769 William 08....112 774 Paul Pry 112
796 Donation 109 720 Devil's Dream. .lo3
799 Atticus 109 807 Alvin E 105
796 Lena 1051 796 Metalre 109
796 Queen Sane 103,
Sixth Race — Three-quarters of a mile;- handi
cap.
(778) Lord Marmion. .117 775 Floronso 90
778 Glorian 107 787 Daily R. Form.. 90
806 Ed Gartland 11. 98
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Reina d* Cuba. Sweet Cakes,
Excursion.
Second Race — George Miller, Fortunate, Mld
liijht.
Third Race— Judge Denny, Acf. The Bachelor.
Fourth Race— Captain Rees, Huntsman, Es
perance.
Fifth Race — Imp. Devil's Drtom, Lena, Paul
Pry.
Sixth Race— Lord Marmion, Glorian, Flor-
ALKALI LAND VEGETATION.
The University Issues a Bulletin
Giving Jesuits of Important
Experiments.
BERKELEY, March 29.— The agricul
tural department of the university has
just issued in pamphlet form a bulletin
detailing the results of important inves
tigations recently made by J. Burtt Davy
of the department of botany, on the na
tive vegetation of alkali lands. The In
vestigations showed that there are many
varieties of plants which flourish exclu
: sively on alkali land and other varieties
which can be raised on alkali lands, al
though not tolerant of the strongest al
kali.
Mr. Davy found as a result of his Inves
tigations that the following plants are
suitable for cultivation on alkali soils:
OX STRONG ALKALI.
Salt bushes, all being fodder plants; modiola,
| fodder; wild millet, fodder; kolreuteria panicu
; lata, shrub; sac-saoul, dwarf timber, valued
| for fuel; salsola soda and salsola lndica, for
! merly burned for barilla, used In the manu
i facture of glass and soap; kochla fodder
! APPARENTLY NOT TOLERANT OF TETE
STRONGEST ALKALI.
Vegetables— Sunflower, used for chicken food.
: oil, paper and fuel; Jerusalem artichoke, valu
; able tuber for hogs (the white variety seems
■ best adapted for alkali soils); beet root, also
I for sugar; spinach, onion, celery, asparagus.
Fruits — Elaeagnus angustifolius, a tree with
small and agreeable fruit; Peruvian ground
\ cherry, herb, with an edible fruit.
Fodder Plants— (A.) Grasses— Slender grass,
I Johnson grass, quitch, tall smooth panic grass,
| smooth bunch ??ra6s, obtuse meadow grass,
i wild rye, alkali saccatone, florin, Bermuda
: grass, Jointed barely grass. (B. ) Shrubs for
j Browsing; — Tea tree, an Australian shrub;
: myall, shrubby acacias.
Teachers' Club Lectures.
ALAMEDA, March 29.— The lectures un
der the auspices of the Teachers' Club
proved such a success that three more
have been arranged for. The first will be
given next Saturday by Professor E. H.
Griggs of Stanford and will be entitled "A
Walk In Florence." The second will be
delivered on Friday, April 15, and the
speaker will be Postal Inspector Erwin.
whose topic will be "In the Nation's
Capital." On Friday, April 22d, Professor
Bernard Moses of the Berkeley Tniv>rs ; ty
will speak on "Spain and Her Colonies."
ARRESTED ON SUSPICION.
One of the Men Who Is Supposed to
Have Bobbed Spider Kelly's
Safe in the Tanks.
Harry Huttl, a tout, is locked up in
"the tanks" at the City Prison on sus
picion of having aided In the robbery of
"Spider" Kelly's safe early Monday morn
ing of $4f.0. The other man wanted is
Herbert Dehoney, and the police believe
he has fled from the city.
Kelly is proprietor of the saloon on the
northwest corner of Eddy and Mason
streets. The safe is In the office of the
saloon, and although the exact time of
the robbery is not known, it is supposed
to have occurred in the early part of yes
terday morning. The keys on the inside
doors of the safe were returned to Kelly
by Huttl, who said that Kelly while under
the influence of liquor gave them to him.
Dehoney is an upholsterer, and was en
gaged in repairing some mattresses in the
house in which the saloon is located at
the time of the robbery. Hutti denies all
knowledge of it.
IN THE REAL
ESTATE WORLD
Lately the Market Has
Taken Its Cue From
Sleepy Hollow.
A Few Large Deals Break the
Monotony to Some Ex
tent.
Six-Story Structures on Third and
Stevenson Streets — The Records,
Sales and Notes.
Affairs In tha real estate line are
nearly at a standstill. Only now and
then is the Sleepy Hollow effect de
stroyed by a transaction of any partic
ular importance. Buyers for some un
explained reason seem to hang back.
The building record for the week was
poorer than the week preceding. Sev
eral large deals are being engineered
by a few brokers, but they experience
considerable trouble in their consum
mation.
TOLD BY THE RECORDS.
The number of mortgages and deeds of
trust recorded during the week was
smaller than usual. The only mortgage
In a sum worthy of mention was a loan
of $35,000 for one year at 7 per cent, made
by the German Bank to Ellen and George
S. Fife on property in 50-vara block 93, on
the northwest corner of Pine and Kearny
streets, north 72:6 by west 45:5. One trust
deed in the sum of $2,000,000 was executed
by the California Northwestern Railway
Company in favor Oj. Ignatz Steinhart in
2000 bonds of $1000 each, bearing interest
at the rate of 5 per cent per annum,
on the railroad, rights of way, depot
grounds, rolling stock, etc., of the rail
road company. The releases and recon
veyances were all for small sums.
Homesteads were declared as follows:
By Charles M. Stoltz, upon the southwest
corner of Eighth avenue and California
street, $4000; Emilie Luttringer, upon the
north line of Eighteenth street, 202:10%
east of Guerrero, $2150; Gracie T. Dietz
(wife of John Dietz Jr.), upon the south
line of Twenty-second street, 255 west of
Sanchez, $3000. M. V. Thomas has
abandoned his homestead on the property
on the north line of McAllister street, 81:6
west of Parker avenue.
SOME RECENT SALES.
Julius Platshek has sold Mrs. Jane
Reilly the lot, 40x87:6, with a four-story
building, on the northwest corner of
Leavenworth and Eddy streets, for $65,
000. The building contains two stores and
a lodging-house and rents for $400 a
month.
Mrs. Gaston Ashe has disposed of the
Bolado property on the north line of Sut
ter street. 37:6 east of Mason, for about
$25,000. Miss Isabella Levy was the pur
chaser. The lot is 50x82:6 and has on it
two houses.
The suburban residence of Louis B.
Parrott, now in Europe, situated at San
Rafael, has been sold to E. W. McCarthy,
the wholesale coffee merchant, for $18,000.
Seven of the thirty-five acres are in gar
den and on the land are a commodious res
idence, stables, etc. Bovee, Toy & Sonn
tag were the brokers.
Through A. J. Rich & Co., Charles Ros
enbaum has sold to Edward Diak the lot
135:4%x85:6, with ten flats, on the east line
of Hoff avenue, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth streets, for $15,000.
The McCarthy Company has recently
finished four more small homes in the
Fruitvale Terminal tract, near Fruitvale
station, of which one was sold last week
to T. F. Medicls. The same company is
building five new houses in Sunnyside,
and reports the sales of several lots and
three four-room cottages.
RANDOM NOTES.
By order of the executors of th© estate
of Joseph Gordon, deceased, Crim & Co.
are offering for sale the property belong
ing to the estate on the corner of Ellis
and Glasgow streets. Bids are subject to
the approval of the Probate Court.
The bid of $42,000 made by David Rich
for the Moxley property, on the corner of
Van Ness avenue and McAllister street,
has been refused and his deposit returned.
For $3800 Darby Laydon & Co. have se
cured the contract for constructing a
wharf, 275x60 feet, at the foot of Hyde
street, for the Equitable Gas Company.
On Third street, from the south corner
of Stevenson to the "Winchester House,
having a frontage of 130 feet, the depth
being 60 and 75 feet, the three owners will
erect three six-story brick buildings, at
an aggregate cost of $135,000. David Keil,
whose lot, 60x60, adjoins the Winchester
House, has already had plans drawn for
a structure of granite and brick, to con
tain three stores and a 160-room lodging
house, at a cost of about $50,000. F. and
A. Baruch, who own the lot, 45x75, on the
corner of Stevenson street, have had
plans prepared for a $60,000 structure.
Charles Meyer, who owns the Intervening
lot, 25x75, on Third street, will erect a
$25,000 building. Keil's premises have al
ready been leased through A. J. Rich &
Co. to Edward Rolkin for ten years for
$84,000.
J. P. Pichon will build a two-story
frame structure, to cost $6000, on the east
line of Octavia street, south of Mc-
Allister.
Mrs. Elizabeth A. McCord has had de
signs prepared for three flats on the
north line of Fell street, between Lott and
Masonic avenue. The cost will be $8000.
CALIFORNIA HONORED.
George B. Culver, a Stanford Grad
uate, Appointed Curator of the
National Aquarium.
George B. Culver, a son of Major J. O.
Culver, postal Inspector, has been ap
pointed curator of the National Aquar
ium at Washington. Young Culver Is a
graduate of Stanford University, and has
been assisting Professor David Starr
Jordan In making a classification of fishes
for that institution. His appointment as
curator of the National Aquarium at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTFRfEJOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial !
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resultinc '■
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural '
functions and has been an absolute sue- i
cess in all cases. A request to the Star* !
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank l
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack
ages will bo complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great c'asa
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Headers aim
.reaueated to write without delay, - -•■
AUCTION SALES.
rlTbarthTaUctioneer.
THIS DAY. , , „
WEDNESDAY. March 30. 1898. at 11.0 clock
lliHll
Plite Mirror 3x6 ■ Reclining -Chair, co«
$40: Fine Carpets throughout. Sowing Machine^
Sideboard. Extension Table. Dishes. CooK ana ■
Gas Ranges, and many other articles.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£% —AT— Jfea
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. March 30. at 11 a. m.
By order of MAYOR PHELAN we will Bell •
lot of FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES.
Also 20 head of good work horses and marea.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Washington was based upon the excellent
showing made by him In the competitive
civil service examination on the subject
of lcthiology, many graduates of Cornell
and other Eastern colleges having been
his competitors In the examination. Mr.
Culver will leave in a few days for tha
East, going first to New York to Inspect
the aquarium in Central Park.
. ■» . ' —
An elephant is possessed of such a deli
cate sense of smell that it can scent a hu
man being at a distance of a thousand
yards.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
SunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
for — —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
" The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BritUhMedieaUournal
CAUTION: See thai the label bear* the tUjntm
ture of the firm.
Andreas 6axfehner.
CAPITALISTS!
We are instructed by the Executor* of
the ESTATE OP JOS. GORDON,
DEC'D., to offer for sale that
MAGNIFICENT CORNER
South Bide of Ellis St., corner of Glasgow,
within 75 feet of Powell street, and only
one block from Market, having a front-
age of 100 feet on Ellis St., 110 feet on
Glasgow st. ,-■;-. --■• -:'■: .
Bids must be made In writing, subject
to : the approval of Probate Court, and be
accompanied by a deposit of 10 per cent
to W. H. CRIM & CO., Agents,
118 Montgomery St.
•*""V Dr.JGibbon's Dispensary,
MllirWir 625 KEARST ST. Established
f3*f*-izi?i In 1 $54 for the treatment of Private
jSLiJk*aHW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
H&tj&SKmmm disease wearing on bodyaad mind and
atjKMEMQI.Sktn Diseases. The doctor cures when
iißWlHnflllH others '"" Try him. Charges low.
TSi&SSE&Sa Cnreieoarsntrfd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. .1. F. UIB lON, Box 1937, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
■ rs^j,—^^ Steamers !es.v« Bro«d-*»»
raSflaSl^ ' wharf. San Francisco;
MhRISIB^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
KXIEr«Sa March 2. 7. 12. 17. 23. 27. April
i!*&3R 1. Transferred at 3eat:!e.
BmrafcTliWl^l For Alaska.-.) ports (from
1 ,^^^»^BSM Spear, street wharf). 10 a. »..
March 2. 6. 10. 1 : . 18, 22. ':<•.. St.
~ Transferred at Portland, Or. i
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. CV. Port Tewa,^
! send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anaoortes ana
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2. 1,
i 12 17. 22, 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at 6eatt!s with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at T*coma with
N P Ry . at Vancouver with C. I*. Ry,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 c m.,
March 3. 9, 15, 21. 27, and every sixth Cay
thereafter. *
For Santa Crus, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obisp-..;..
Gavlota, Santa, Barbara. Ventura, Hneners*.
San Pedro, East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles i and
Newport, 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10, 14. 11, 23, H.
SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Fort Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angles), U
a. m.. March 4, 8. 12, 16. 20, 24. 23. *ud avary
fourth day thereafter.
' For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. fc"ar;f» Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March t,
April J. ' and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, saving dates
anil hours of aniline.
TICKET OFFICE-Palac* Hot*!, 4 lit*
Montgomery ' street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. G«a. A#ta..
10 Market street. San Francises.
THE 0. R. & N. COT
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
•PORTLAND
. From Spear-street Wharf at 19 l ri.
CARE $12 First Class Including B*rU
rnilL. $8 Second Class and Vtalt
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS;
State of California Mar. 2. is, 19. M
Columbia...... .....Mar. I. 14. 11. M
Through Tickets and Through Bagga,r« to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders U^Ott Ajr
plication to
■ ■ B. C. WARD. General Agant.
■ * 630 Mark sW
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. • _
PBIBifISSIfI tor - HONOLULI ■,-•-!-».
I&fSISBE for HONOLULU tfxt.
r£** aaa «* Wednesday, April '•
y~^_^ 2p. m. Special r*rty
SlMnsliin^ ra Th« 6.5. ALAMEDA
CylCflllDlll r ' 67 sails via Honolulu »' ■ '•
/OmrapLU Auckland for Rjfnjf
VWIIIJL/UICCp Wednesday, April W.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, ,_,.„«,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, *"<! CAI °
TOWN, South Africa. 
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.,
114 Montgomery • t «*«tv
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisc«>,
Compagnie Generale Transa tlantique.
• fr French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -,+Ofr*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers < r^lT-
by : this line avoid both transit by - -,™_ f __
English railway and the discomfort of crossla«
the - channel in a small boat. rt Ne * rk 11( i < ?
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, ««t class *IW.
second class $116. .„,, a m ■ -
LA BRETAGNE \. April 9. Mta.
LA NORMANPIE \'Z\\'i*-\I P. J.
LA GASCOGNE ,, P P n ". 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... A ,P r il 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE..... V" M « y 7, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply,^ ?am«:»vt *m
COMPAGNIE GENERALE -RANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent. Bowung Green ro^
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 MontgonteiT
aye.. San Francisco. ■■ ' _ ____^._
STOCKTON STEAMERS
LeaTe Pier No. '■ 3. Washineton St., at •
p. m. daily. ;
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 6:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and fir-
ing through freight rates to all points oa . th»
Valley Railroad. sTEAMERS: . -
T. C. WALKER. CITT OF STOCKTON.
MART GARRATT. T. D. PETERS.
; Telephone Main 80S. __Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. navy-yard AND vallejo .
Steamer *'Monticello"i •'
Mon..-Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat... - -;- >
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.l
Fridays " " ".'.'.'.■.*.■ '"'" 'io '.ln m and 8 :30 pm '
Landlng"B.nd_Offlcesll.Missto a n -Sock^pie?' 2^
.Telejhone. Red 2241. ... -
FOR SAN JOSeTIO?GATOS^!u! SANTA CFU2
exceptea > at . iv a. . m. ; •Al viso dally (*&> turdava
, First street, gaa jjosev ct * Flw ., ; f' tt Nojt *