VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 142.
FOR PEACE OR WAR SPAIN
MUST DECIDE BY SATURDAY
PRESIDENT
SENDS HIS
ULTIMATUM
Woodford Will Present It
To-Day if Sagasta Will
Permit Him.
Clash of Arms May Come With
out That, for Spain's Torpedo
Fleet Has Sailed From
Cape Verde.
NEW YORK. April 20 —
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: Di
plomacy has ended. War is
now upon us. Spain's fleet
sailed to-night from St. Vin
cent for an unknown desti
nation. American men-of
war are on lookout for the
Spanish ships, and all is in
readiness for the word to
move on Cuban ports.
The first £un is to be
fired as a necessary
prelude in the mind of
the President to for=
ma! declaration of
war, but when he
signed the act of Con
gress to-day calling
SPAIN WILL BE
GIVEN UNTIL NEXT
SATURDAY TO REPLY.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The text of the President's ultima
tum will not be given out here until it has been presented in Madrid
and McKinley has received notice of that fact from Minister
Woodford.
It embodies the demands of the resolutions passed by Congress
that Spain shall withdraw her army and navy from Cuba and Cu
ban waters at once, and the American Minister is instructed to im
press upon the Sagasta Government that he will not wait longer
than Saturday for his answer. There Is a dispute as to whether
the ultimatum runs by its terms until Saturday at noon or Sat
urday at midnight, but it is not thought probable the President
will attempt, as one statesman expressed it, "To hold a stop watch
on the Spanish Government."
♦ ♦♦*#***♦****** * * * *
##**♦**********-*-• - *
for forcible interven
tion and dispatched
an ultimatum to Spain
he knew full well that
war must follow.
Spain still has until
Saturday morning to
consider the ultima
tum which Minister
Woodford was to-day
instructed to immedi
ately present to the
Madrid authorities.
No one supposes that
she now even wants
this much time. The
assumption of the
President and his ad=
visers is that Spain
will immediately re=
ply to the ultimatum
by sending Minister
Woodford his pass
ports, thereby throw
ing down the gauntlet
to the United States.
The waiting period will
then be over and the careful
The San Francisco Call
CUBAN SARCASM.
Copyrighted, ISPS, by James Gordon
Bennett.
HAVANA, April 20 —La Lucha
says ironically to-day: "Accord
ing: to the last cable we have re
ceived President McKinley will
fix the time of forty-eight hours
for Spain to withdraw her army
from Cuba. It will be necessary
to ask McKinley for delay be
cause it i-s not possible to with
draw 20,000 soldiers and guerril
las and 300,000 volunteers from
the country in the time the tele
gTam says the President of the
great republic is going to fix. If
he does not prolong the time we
will rebel against the President's
order on account ot the practical
impossibility of fulfilling It. To
drive away the master from his
own house in a fixed and per
emptory time is having but little
consideration for him, don't you
think?"'
The directive board of the Au
tonomist party did not hold last
night the session for which it had
convoked the members for the
purpose of approving candidates
for representatives before the in
sular cabinet. There was no
quorum.
"WAR! WAR! WAR!"
LONDON, April 21.— Accord-
Ing to a special dispatch from
Madrid Senor Sagasta on being
asked the opinion of the Cabinet
as to the outlook, replied: "War!
War! War!"
ly prepared plans for forcibly
intervening to put an end to
Spanish misrule in Cuba will
be put into execution. The
movement of naval vessels to
begin the preliminary work
of blockading Cuban and.
Porto Rico ports may, there
fore, commence to-morrow
unless Spain desires to take
advantage of the full limit of
time allowed her before mak
ing reply to the ultimatum.
In any event the war
fleets will be on the
move by Saturday.
The war squadrons at
Hampton Roads, Key
West and Hongkong
are waiting, with
steam up, for the word
to move.
The regular army of
SAX FRANCISCO,. THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
THE FIRST INFANTRY MARCHES AWAY TO THE WAR.
Column Passing Down Van Ness Avenue.
THE ULTIMATUM
NOT DELIVERED
TO SPAIN YET
Minister Woodford Will Present
It to Sagasta To-Day if
He Is Permitted to
Do So.
MADRID, April 20.— Minister Woodford has received from the Pres
ident his ultimatum and will present It to the Spanish Government
to-morrow. The Spanish employes at the legation will pass the
night at Minister Woodford's residence.
After the opening session of the Cortes the Ministers met In coun
cil extraordinary and discussed exclusively naval and military mat
ters. No statement has been issued regarding the decisions reached.
After the council Senor Sagasta, the Premier, declared that the
Government had up to that time received nothing regarding the ulti
matum.
United States Minister Woodford has not yet asked for his pass
ports.
Herbert W. Bowen, American Consul-General at Barcelona, will
leave that city on Thursday, after transferring the papers of the
consulate to the British Consul.
The Ministerial paper, El Correo, says to-night: "When the ulti
matum is delivered Spain will worthily reply, stoutly defending her
honor.
LONDON, April 21.— The Madrid correspondent of the Daily Mall
telegraphing at 11 o'clock Wednesday everting says:
General Woodford's family left to-night by the ordinary express for
Biarritz. The American Minister himself has taken tickets for the
south of France by the express to-morrow. He haa received exten
sive dispatches of instructions. It is doubtful if he will have an op
portunity of presenting the ultimatum since, in all probability, Senor
Gullon, the Foreign Minister, will send him his passports at 8 o'clock
to-morrow morning (Thursday) with, a declaration that diplomatic re
lations between the two governments have been broken off.
General Woodford has handed the archives of the legation to the
British Embassy, where he dined to-night.
The Republican minority met this afternoon and agreed to grant
the Government whatever measures might be necessary for war. Some
uneasiness is felt at the movements of Don Carlos, which are being
closely followed. It is asserted that the Government will not resort to
privateering.
the United States
is concentrating at
Southern ports f orthe
invasion of Cuba*
A proclamation will be is
sued by the President to
GERMANY
A FRIEND TO
AMERICA.
BERLIN, April 20.— The offi
cials of the Foreign Office here
confirm the report that the Span-
ish Government has asked Ger
many to sell ordnance and army
supplies. They add that the re
quest has been refused.
BOUGHT TWO
CUNARDERS. |
LONDON. April 21.— The Daily ■
Telegraph declares this morn- •
that the United States Govern- ■
ment has purchased the Umbria ■
and the Etruria of the Cunard ■
line. i
morrow, if final action is
taken by the Senate, calling
for 80,000 volunteers. There
were important conferences
between the President and
his War and Naval Secre
taries and the members of
the Military and Strategic
Board at the White House
this afternoon, and the con
ferences lasted until night
between the War and Navy
Department officials for the
purpose of effecting details
and getting everything in
readiness for the final plunge.
It has been a day of war
talk and warlike actions.
"Who will fire the first
shot?" "How long will the
war last ?" are questions
heard in every quarter.
Everybody has stopped ask
SPAIN'S TORPEDO
FLEET NOW ON
THE HIGH SEAS
The Ships Sailed Away From the
Cape Verde Islands Yesterday
for Some Unknown
Destination.
NEW YORK, April 20. — The Washington correspondent of
the Herald sends the following: Spain's answer to President Mc-
Kinley's ultimatum may take the form of shot and shell. Her
formidable fleet, which has been mobilizing at Cape Verde Islands
for some days past, sailed to-day from that point for an unknown
destination. This information was received to-night by the at
taches of the late legation of Spain who have remained in this
city.
It is conceded to be highly probable that the fleet will hasten
across the ocean to Porto Rico and Cuba to prevent by force the
ousting from the islands of the naval and military forces of the
Spanish Government.
In order to ascertain the whereabouts of the Spanish vessels
it is probable that a swift man-of-war will be sent to Eastern
waters. As soon as they sight the enemy it will be their duty
to return and inform the Government of what they have seen,
when Commodore Schley's forces and those of Captain Sampson will
be gathered to administer a crushing blow to the enemy.
It is admitted to be possible that the vessels may not go to
Cuba or to Pcrto iiico, but may make a counter demonstration
against New York or one of the Northern ports, in which event it
would be necessary to draw ships away from the gulf coast to
give them battle. Officials say they will have plenty of time to
prepare for the Spanish fleet, as at least a week will be taken up
in making the distance between St. Vincent and Porto Rico.
ing, "'Will there be war ?"
Forcible intervention it will
be, and forcible intervention
means war, but President
McKinley still insists that
Spain shall fire the first shot.
The ports of Cuba will be
blockaded as a preliminary
movement for carrying out
the intervention plan. There
are such things as peaceful
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
blockades. If Spain does not
fire a shot while the block-
ading is in progress, the next
move will be to send a ship
laden with supplies and con
voyed by American warships
to Matanzas, where an effort
will be made to land them
and to distribute them to the
starving. A ship was char
tered to-day for this purpose.2
If war does not begin with
the blockading, Spain firing
the first shot when the at
tempt is made to land food
supplies, the next step — the
landing of a large army to
drive the Spaniards from the
island — certainly will.
But the first shot
will no doubt come
long before an army
of occupation has
been landed upon the
island.
The navy must pave the
way for the army, and in doing
so there will doubtless be sea
fights and the bombardment
of fortifications. Once a na
val demonstration is made, it
is idle to predict who wili fire
SPAIN'S PREPARATIONS
FOR OCEAN BATTLES
Gathering Her Fleets, It Is Be=
lieved, to Squarely Meet and
Fight Our Navy.
NEW YORK, April 20.— A Washington special to the Herald says.
Spain will further reinforce her squadron which left the, Cape \ erde
Islands to-day for some destination, unknown. Official information
has reached authorities here of the departure from Cadiz last Sun
day of the battle-ship Pelayo, which has just undergone extensive al
terations in France. It is expected that she will arrive at St. \m
cent to-morrow or Friday. The authorities have also been advised of
the sailing from Ferrol yesterday of the armored cruiser Carlos V,
whose destination is officially reported to be unknown. It is be
lieved in naval circles that she is bound for St. Vincent and will per
haps stop en route at Cadiz and the Canary Islands. Spain's action
in collecting such a formidable fleet at St. Vincent has been the sub
ject of considerable and anxious speculation at the Navy Department,
and it will receive consideration at the meeting of the strategic
board which will be held to-morrow morning. The fleet might be
able to dispose of Commodore Sch ley's flying squadron which con
sists of the first-class battle-ship Massachusetts, second-class battle
ship Texas, armored cruiser Brooklyn and protected cruisers Minneap
olis and Columbia.
In consequence of the collection of such a formidable force at St.
Vincent one thing is certain, the flying squadron will not be sent to
operate agair-t it until reinforced by the battle-ships and cruisers of
Captain Sampson's fleet, and it is not at all certain to-night that
this Government will be hasty in dispatching its vessels to eastern
waters. If Spain should use Cape Verde Islands as a base of ope
rations in time of war, Portugal will be called to account by the
United States. Cape Verde Islands belong to the Lisbon Government,
which recently informed the United States that • had rejected prop
ositions by Spain to enter into an offensive and defensive alliance
and proposed to remain strictly neutral. Portugal will be expected to
carry out her intention in this respect. Her neutrality obligations will
permit her to give to Spanish vessels only sufficient coal to enable
them to reach the next Spanish port, -which in this case would be the
Canary Islands, and once they have left that port they cannot return
for coal or provisions.
"I expect that the Spanish fleet will leave St. Vincent immediate
ly after war is declared," said a well-known naval expert to me to
day, "and its destination would be unknown. There would be a
great scare in the United States, as it would be believed that they
are en route for Porto Rican or Cuban waters, possibly for one of the
coast cities, but in four or five da>s they will turn up at the Canaries
and there I believe they will remain to give the American fleet a
warm reception upon its arrival. It will be of interest to the United
States' forces to occupy one of the Canary Islands and establish a
coal supply there. Coal could be carried by colliers now being pre
pared to accompany the fleet. It looks to me as though Spain is
gathering her forces in order to give the United States navy a good
stand-up fight, and if she is defeated she will rely on the squadron
at Cadiz as her second line of defense. I don't think her men-of-war
will come westward, for being far from ttyeir base, they would be at a
disadvantage."
Spain's tactics ought to be to wait for American ships, which in
eastern waters would be at the same disadvantage that her ships
would be in the west, to follow up the advantage she may gain. Al
though Spain's second torpedo-boat flotilla was reported to be pre
paring to start some days ago no report of its departure from Cadiz
has been announced. This flotilla consists of the converted yacht
Ger"alda, the torpedo-boat destroyers Destructor, Prosperina and
Osada and the torpedo-boats Halcon, Habana, Retamos, Barcelona
and Orcon. Much to the relief of the officials here the latest re
ports concerning the condition of Spanish gun vessels under construc
tion in Spain show that but one, the Dona Maria del Melina, will be
abie to participate in the coming war. The Marques de la Victoria
will not be ready before December, and the Don Alvaro de Bazan
cannot be completed before next February. The armored cruiser Prin
cesa de Asturias is receiving her armor at Carraca and the Cardinal,
Cisneroa and Catajuna will not be completed under eight months.
The protected cruiser Lepanto is building, and the protected cruiser
Reina Regente is soon to undergo her dock trials.
the first shot or how long the
war will last. Though it is
sincerely hoped that the war
will be short, every prepara
tion is being made for a pro
longed struggle. The ship
yards of the country, gun,
powder and projectile facto
ries and establishments where
naval and military supplies of
all kinds are fabricated are
being run night and day, and
every time the sun goes down
the United States is better
prepared for the conflict. The
80,000 volunteers to be called
for by the President may be
but the beginning of the form
ation of the vast army that
may be needed to conduct the
war. Every effort is being
made to secure, as far as pos
sible, organized and well
drilled National Guardsmen
for this volunteer army and
this force will be still better
prepared for active service by
being concentrated and drilled
in camps of instruction until
the moment comes when it
must take field. These
MINISTER WOODFORD'S TASK
IS NOW VIRTUALLY ENDED
Although It Is Reported He Will Leave Madrid
Within a Day, He Is to Remain Until
the Last Moment.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, April 20.— Although Minister Woodford would not depart from the rule of sphinx-like silence
which he followed, when I called at the legation it was plain that he considered his task virtually ended. It
is even reported that he will leave within twenty-Tour hours, though you may be sure he will remain until the
last minute that duty calls upon him to do so. There is not the slightest probability that any manifestation
will be directed against Minister Woodford by the people here, but the closest guard is being kept to prevent
any mischance, and it is certain that the authorities will breathe easier when he is safely over the frontier.
His task has been an unpalatable one to Spain, yet he has managed to perform it in a way that has com
manded respect.
El Heraldo, in an article headed "A la Guerra," says: "In one moment all the confusion has ceased.
Spain is proud of her position and posterity will honor a country which has no fear."
The Correspondencia says: "It is not only cruel but infamous that the United States should pretend with
pharasaical hypocrisy to intervene in Cuba in the name of humanity, sacrificing thereby, without cause, thou
sands and thousands of men."
El Dia considers it possible that the will of the Cubans may alter the situation.
El Correro hopes that President McKinley may find means for delay which would give a chance for
peace.
camps will be maintained and
reinforcements will be for
warded from them to the
armies in the field as rapidly
as they are needed.
The President's ultimatum
was sent to the Spanish Min
ister to- day by Judge Day's
personal messenger, Edward
Savoy, one of the trusted em
ployes of the State Depart
ment, who was appointed to
his place in 1869 by Hamil
ton Fish.
The messenger was not
kept waiting long at the lega
tion, but in the course of an
hour had returned to the State
Department with the Minis
ter's application for his pass
ports. It was not until half
past 3 o'clock this afternoon
that Savoy made his second
trip, carrying with him the
desired paper. This was a
passport for the Minister, his
family and his suite. It was
not in the usual form, but
was what is known as a spe
cial passport. In general
terms, it is similar to that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, IS9B.
presented to Lord Sackviile
West when that unfortunate
Minister was obliged to retire.
In this case it reads as fol
lows:
United States of %
America, Depart- H
ment of State. To <$>
All Whom These J
Presents Shall ♦
Come, Greeting:
Know ye, that the <$>
bearer hereof, Don J
Luis Polo y Bernabe, J
Envojr Extraordinary *
and Minister Pleni- <s>
potentiary of Spain <s>
to the United States, <*
accompanied by his
family and suite, is ♦
about to travel abroad. ♦
These are, there- <$,
fore, to request all J
officers of the United ♦
States, or of any ♦
State thereof, to per- <$>
mit him to pass freely }
without let or mo- J
lestation, and to ex- ♦
tend to him all ♦
friendly aid and pro- «
tection in case of
need. ♦
In testimony where- <e>
of, I, John Sherman, <$>
Secretary of State of
the United States of *
America, have here- *
unto set my hand ♦
and caused the seal <*■
of the Secretary of <$,
State to be affixed at
Washington, this *
20th day of April, ♦
A. D. 1898, and of ♦
the Independence of *
the United States of J
America, the one
hundred and twenty- <s>
second. 1
At first there was some ex-
pectation at the State Depart
ment that a response from
Minister Woodford might be
received to-day. Later on,
however, after Judge Day had
calculated the length of time
that would be consumed in the
cabling of the ultimatum to
Minister Woodford, its trans
lation into cipher and retrans
lation, he became convinced
that it would 'be practically
impossible, owing to the dif
ference in time between
Washington and Madrid, to
receive any response to-day.
The next move must be
made by Spain, according to
the department officials. If
the Spanish Governmenttakes
a view, as might be possibly
be concluded from the action
of # the Minister here to-day,
that in language and terms
the Congressional resolution
is insulting, it may promptly
hand Mr. Woodford his pass
ports upon receipt of this
communication and thus bring
the negotiations to the crisis
TO BEGIN WARLIKE
OPERATIONS AT ONCE
How It Is Proposed to Form a
Union of Regulars and Vol=
unteers to Invade Cuba.
NEW YORK, April 20.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald sends the following: Immediate offensive operations against the
Spanish power in Cuba will be the military policy of the administra
tion. This was determined this afternoon at an important war con
ference at the White House betwen the President, Secretaries Alger
and Long, Major General Miles, commanding the army. Lieutenant
General Schofield, retired, and Captain A. S. Crowninshield, chief of
the bureau of navigation of the Navy Department.
The general campaign plans formulated by the various army and
navy boards were thoroughly discussed and though the War Depart
ment authorities will not divulge the plans in detail it is officially an
nounced that the organization of the military forces is to proceed most
vigorously and an aggressive movement is contemplated for the ear
liest opportune moment.
Major General Miles to-day received General Estrada Palma, Senor
Gonzola de Quesada and other representatives of the Cuban junta and
discussed at length with them the military conditions in Cuba and plans
for conducting the operations of the United States army in conjunc
tion with the insurgent forces under General Maximo Gomez. The re
sults of the conference are understood to have been entirely satis
factory to General Miles and the Cuban representatives.
Orders have been issued by Secretary Alger and Major General
Miles to the general officers commanding divisions concentrated in the
South to proceed with all possible expedition and thoroughness in the
organization and field maneuvers of the forces under them.
President McKinley will issue a proclamation calling for 80,000 vol
unteers Immediately after he has signed the volunteer army bill, which
is expected to pass the Senate to-morrow. A separate call for militia
organizations of various States In proportion to their population will
also probably be made. This latter call will be for organizations to
support artillery posts on the coast and for general military service
within the United States. Many of the. National Guard organizations
are expected to enlist in the United States volunteer army by com
panies and regiments and may carry with them into the United States
service ,their officers up to and including the rank of colonel.
As stated in the Herald, those who enlist in the volunteer army,
whether National Guardsmen or not, will by so doing identify them
selves exclusively with a portion of the United States army and as
such will be attached to divisions which will be assigned to the invasion
of Cuba. In effect the military force of the country will consist of
two branches, one of which, composed of the union of the Unit<-^ States
regular and volunteer armies, will be liable to foreign service. The
other branch, composed of National Guards, who retain their State
organizations, will not leave United States territory. The general vol
unteer rendezvous wfci be at Chickamauga.
The plans of the department contemplate the organization of art
army of occupation of Cuba on a basis of brigades consisting of one
regiment of regulars and two regiments of volunteers. Colonel Green
leaf of the Medical Department, now stationed at San Francisco, has
been ordered East to be assigned as medical director of the armies in
the field. Captain P. Y. Seyburn, Tenth Infantry, has been ordered to
report to General Miles for duty. These assignments complete the staff
of the army in the field, which is composed of these officers: Lieuten
ant Colonel J. C. Gilmore, adjutant general; Brigadier General Joseph
C. Breckinridge, inspector general; Lieutenant Colonel F. C. Humph
rey, chief quartermaster; Major Henry B. Osgood, chief commissary of
subsistence; Colonel C. R. Greenleaf, medical director; Lieutenant
Colonel William Ludlow, chief engineer officer, and Captain Leonard
and Captain Wood, attending surgeons.
and cause a breach of diplo
matic relations within the
next twenty-four hours. If,
on the other hand, it should
neglect to return a satisfactory
answer before Saturday noon,
that line of policy will be
quite as effective as a posi-
tive act.
TO BOMBARD NEW YORK
WHEN WAR BEGINS.
That Is the Story Sent by a Spanish
Political Agent About the
Cape Verde Fleet.
NEW YORK, April 20.— The Times
says: An English army officer living
at San Francisco has just received
from a prominent Spanish political
agent in New York a letter relating to
the plans of the Spanish fleet. The
agent writes that he procured some
months ago copies of the official plans
of the fortifications of New York har
bor and dispatched them to his Govern
ment. These plans, he says, are now
in the possession of the admiral of the
Spanish fleet now at Cape Verde
Islands.
The agent states that Spain has
withdrawn all her good vessels from
Cuban waters, because she does not
propose to make any defense of Cuba,
except by means of forts, and that all
the available Spanish naval strength
will be concentrated at Cape Verde
Islands. The agent intimates that the
fleet, commanding 118 guns, will be dis
patched direct for New York when it
is seen war is certain. Transports
loaded with coal will be taken along,
bo after the run across the ocean ves
sels could be coaled one or two days
out from New York. The fleet would
then anchor in a body off Coney Island,
where it would be exposed to no dan
gerous fire, and bombard New York.
To Protect Miner-Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— Senator
Shoup of Idaho to-day introduced a
bill in the Senate providing that where
a miner enlists in the volunteer army,
thereby rendering it impossible for
him to do the annual assessment work
on his claims, as now required by stat
ute, this failure on his part shall not
result in tc.feiture of his claims.
COMMENT OF
LONDON PRESS
See No Hope for Spain
in the Impending
Conflict.
United States Has Right on Its
Side and Englishmen
Sympathize.
One Editor Says the American Con
gress Could Learn a Lesson
From the Cortes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 20.— The Times says
editorially this morning: "At the open
ing of the Cortes the wildest enthusi
asm prevailed, and the American ulti
matum may almost be said to have been
answered by anticipation. The Queen
Regent's speech, couched in dignified
and even touching language, breathes
an unalterable determinatiio to fight
to the death for the honor and dignity
of Spain. Unless Spain keeps com
mand of the sea to such an extent as to
be able to land provisions and muni
tions of war at Havana the game is
lost so far as Cuba is concerned.
"Whether the struggle be brief or
protracted, there can be as little doubt
of the result as of the direction in
•which He the sympathy and hopes of
the English people."
The Daily Graphic says: "Apart from
the merits of the controversy between
the two countries, one cannot but rec
ognize the dignity and courage with
which the Spanish people comforts it
self in the hour of crisis. The American
Congress might well take a lesson from
the Cortes."
The Morning Post says: "The Span
lards will not accept humiliation, and
therefore there will be a war. That
the United States were justified in ex
erting their influence in favor of the
pacification of Cuba can hardly be de
nied."
The Daily News says: "Sentiment
must not blind Spain to the fact that
in this struggle for human freedom the
United States have the right on their
side."
The Standard says: "We cannot
doubt that the enthusiastic cheers
which broke out at the end of the
Queen Regent's speech truly represents
Spanish feeling. But the ultimate issue
Is hardly open to question, nor can
there be any doubt that in the end It
will be good for Cuba that she should
be delivered from Spanish domina
tion."
LIBERAL POLICY IN
TREATING NEUTRALS.
Privateering Not to Be Resorted to,
and Only Contraband of War
Liable to Seizure.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— An outline
of the policy to be followed by this
Government In the treatment of neu
trals and the matter of privateering is
contained in the following statement:
"In the event of hostilities between
the United States and Spain, it will be
the policy of this Government not to
resort to privateering. The Govern
ment will adhere to the following
rules:
"First — Neutral flag covers the ene
my's ships with the exception of con
traband of war. Second — Neutral
goods not contraband of war are not
liable to confiscation under the enemy's
flag. Third— Blockades to be binding
must be effective."
This doctrine is undoubtedly laid
down to meet the various inquiries re
ceived by the diplomatic representa
tives of the United States for foreign
governments as to the attitude as
sumed by the United States. It is sub
stantially in line with the rules prac
ticed in the recent Chino-Japanese war,
and places the United States in a most
advanced position so far as the protec
tion of individual property and neutral
goods at sea is concerned. By it
Spanish goods are made free from
seizure on the seas in the bottoms of
a neutral power. This decision on the
part of our Government will be wel
comed in Europe.
PASSENGER OFFICIALS
DISCUSS WAR TAX.
Divided as to Whether It Should Be
Borne by Railroads or Ticket
Buyers.
CHICAGO, April 20.— Passenger offi
cials of the roads centering in Chicago
are divided on the question as to
whether the railroads or the purchaser
of tickets should pay the tax to be im
posed by the Government in case of
war. Some are of the opinion that the
maximum rate law effective in some
States will prevent them from adding
anything to the present price of tick
ets, and others say that the increase
will not be an increase in the price of
tickets, but will be a tax, and that the
Government and the passengers can
settle the matter between them, and
that as far as State laws on the sub
ject of maximum rates are concerned,
the law from the Government will take
precedence over any enactment by
State Legislatures.
Another question is whether the tax
will be made to cover all fares paid for
transportation or simply tickets sold.
If the latter construction is the rule
the roads say they will sell very few
tickets over the counter and that nine
out of ten passengers will pay their
fare on trains in order to avoid the
tax which would be imposed upon them
if they bought their tickets outright at
the regular offices.
"NOW SHE WILL KICK
AND USE THE WHIP."
Funny Comment of a Spanish News
paper at Havana on Spain's
Future Course.
HAVANA, April 20.— Quiet prevails
here. The weather is warm. War prep
arations continue. The Centro Gal
lego Society has given up several
houses belonging to it for use by the
Government in case of war.
The Union Constitutional, in an edi
torial to-day, commenting upon the
resolutions adopted by the United
States Congress, says: "Intervention
means war for Spain. But it is easier
to vote than to execute." Continuing,
the Union Constitutional remarks: "So
far Spain has treated the United States
with contempt. Now she will kick her
and use the whip."
The steamer Madrileno and the Mexi
can schooner Arturo arrived here yes
terday.
Although the Plant line steamers
have suspended their trips between
Tampa and Havana, possibly fearing
seizure in the event of hostilities, Cap
tain-General Blanco has notified Mr.
Alexander Gollan, the British Consul,
who is acting in behalf of the United
States, that, even in the case of war,
vessels sailing under a neutral flag
would be entered.
RIO JANEIRO SPANIARDS
TO SEfD A BATTALION.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, April 20.— The
correspondent of the Herald in Rio
Janeiro states that there is great en
thusiasm there among Spaniards, who
are about to organize a battalion to
send to Cuba to aid the Spanish au
thorities there. The authorities, how
ever, are in sympathy with the United
States and will prevent anything that
may affect neutrality. The Secretary
of the American legation has hoisted
a United States flag on the dynamite
cruiser Nictheroy, which has been pur
chased by the United States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DARKNESS TO LIBHT,
Every day and every week some family in this town and elsewhere on the
coast emerges from the dark cloud of a credit system into the marvelous light
of cash buying. The change is wonderful. From debts and collectors hour-
ly every day you have the comforting assurance that you "owe no man
anything." This may not be done in a week, as credit buying always gets
one behind-hand, but you can make the resolve now and put it in practice,
too — pay up the old scores as fast as you can and pay down the cash for every-
thing you buy. Your wants will decrease like magic and your ability to sup-
ply them Vill multiply continually. Happiness and peace will reign in the
home when no debts hang over it.
FIRST FLOOR GOODS. SECOND FLOOR GOODS.
Wire Flour Baskets . ■.. .;. 10c Ladies' Brocaded Black Skirts. . $2.25
These are the regular; two-bit basket There are cheaper ones, too, but these
with porcelain bottom. We close them you wlll like and they'll wear and
out at htat price and less. they'll look well while they wear.
Fish Rods 5c — .
These are 10 feet Ion? and worth more LadlfiS LOW SIIOCS "OC
money. They were smoked oft cheap. These are all sold out In lareo elzeg.
the Steuart-street fire and go off cheap. These are all sold out In lam sizes.
. . - ■■- They are $1 50 goods; 2, 2#. 3, 3Vi and 4
Strflwhprrv Jam \*\C left; 200 rairs closes the lot Ladles'
DirawDerry jam. .......... lot Clot BusklnBt sto 8 , at 25c.
• This is our finest home-made In glass —
jars. Scarcely needs mention. Regular -/• '"'■ < ■* £» '
price elsewhere 2 5c^ Towels, 20 by 46 inches 12c
filfl« Cream Pitchers »>C These are heavy Turkish bath towels.
Ula» UCJill rilUlCiS ***■' just rl^ht for family us* or for th«
About 100 of these to close, separate Klondike.
from the sets at this price. - ■ '
Victor Oats, 2 lbs ... . . . . . . .. 5c Men's Hunting Boots . . . .$2.75
This is one of the finest rolled that Is These are hi high, 12-inch leg;, lace,
to be found in this market. To try It . russet color, without heels, for hunting
Is to buy it while to be had. or for Klondike trade, sizes 7 to 13. . .
We are leading outfitters for Alaska. Trade is again commencing.
We invite you to dinner on the sixth floor of our great house.
We make it pay across the bay folks handsomely to stop with us.
We sell the Black Cat Leather Stocking for big boys at 25 cents. «
We give a pair of gray stockings free this week with $1 shoes.
■■■ mm tm ___ __ __ «■ ■-_
The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
Mm jM%&&it§f A " car "neB" ne8 terminate here. 7 bi<i floors bulging
'■^Wl s'jtißFy&em I wit' 1 (ioods at retail to consumers everywhere for cash
V^H|MMryflgd» ; |&By/ only 44-p:ige list read y* Send for it. We guarantee
■Nv^B^^aP^g^i^/ all the goods we sell. Liberality our motto. The store
that deals honestly with all the people— all the time.
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
. 1 lllv> \J\J TT HESS
«™ L J^ E r Z??r>Yru% KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW.
■ HENRY cl* VVKIUII I « . Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*
» >. .v« — ... tn WT rcMnTVT? Telephone Brown 931.
»° B £n "wouid Sf N SOM K E E Jtf^&g ™«™* «™<> »»* —»»>
THING TO HIS ADVANTAGE by writing San Francisco.
E. P. RODEN.
City Hall, 1 Toronto. .
HAT TALKS
AT A BANQUET
Says Pleasant Things of
Our Relations With
England.
Replies to the Hope of Lord
Mayor Davies That There
Would Be No War.
Spain's Embassador Absent, but si
Consul Represented the Dons
at the Dinner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 20.— At the Easter
banquet at the Mansion House to-night
His Royal Highness, the Duke of Cam
bridge, most of the members of the di
plomatic corps and many other high
officials were present. United States
Embassador Hay's seat was at the left
hand of Lord Mayor Davies and to th«
Spanish Embassador, Count Rascon,
was allotted the place at the right hand,
but at the last moment Count Rascon
wrote that a sudden indisposition
would prevent his being present. The
talk of the evening was the expected
presence of the representatives of the
United States and Spain, and much dis
appointment was felt by the Spanish
Embassador's absence. The Consuls
of the United States and Spain were
present.
Lord Mayor Davies, when proposing
the health of the members of the diplo
matic corps, welcomed the United
States Embassador and expressed the
hope, "in the name of the citizens of
London," that there would be no war.
Colonel Hay's reply was the event of
the evening. He was repeatedly ap
plauded by the company. Speaking of
the relations between the United States
and Great Britain he said: "We are
sometimes accused of looking out for
our own interests with a certain energy
and pertinacity. I might say, in the
spirit of pride rather than contrition,
that it only shows what stuck we are
of. but this truth is incontestable, that
for nearly three generations of men,
and in spite of constant differences,
there has been peace between us and
friendly regard — a peace growing more
firm and solid as the years go by and a
friendship which I ami sure the vast
majority of both people hope and trust
may last forever.
"The good understanding between us
is based on something deeper than mere
expediency. All who think cannot but
see there is a sanction like that of re
ligion which binds us in partnership in
the serious work of the world.
"Whether we will or not, we are asso
ciated in that work by the very nature
of things, and no man, and no group of
n •-•n, can prevent it. We are bound by
ties we did not forge and that we can
not break. We are joint ministers in
the same sacred mission of freedom
and progress, charged with duties we
cannot evade by the imposition of ir
resistible hands."
For Immediate Sailing Orders.
LONDON, April 20.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: The
Italian admiralty, I am privately in
formed to-day, commanded the men
of the ironclads and six torpedo boats
at La Ppezia, under command of Ad
miral Accini, to prepare immediately
for sailing orders.
• Miles' Tour of Inspection.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The pros
! ent expectation is that General Miles,
I commanding the army, will leave the
! city on Saturday for a tour of inspec
| tion of the points where the regular
i army will be mobilized in the South.
I He will be accompanied by a number
I of his aides.FLOWERS AND CHEERS MARK THE SOLDIERS
FAREWELL
YESTERDAY will long linger in memory
as the golden day when the First United
States Infantry marched forth from quiet,
woody places in the picturesque Presidio to
fight for the principles of government announced
by an American President and backed by an
American Congress.
From the moment the soldiers strapped on
their haversacks and canteens and marched to
the parade grounds to the wild, inspiring music
of war until they reached the ferries they were
greeted with cheers from thousands of patriotic
men, women and children.
Twice ten thousand adieus were waved
from twice ten thousand spots where sightseers
had gathered to wave flags and cheer — flags in
the hands of babes in arms, and flags in the hands
of old women at the gates, who cheered and cried
as they were reminded of the stormy times when
they bade farewell to their own sons and kissed
their pictures when they had gone, never to re
turn.
In many of its phases yesterday's scene was
the past enacted again — sorrowful farewells,
wishes of good luck and fears of loved ones who
remain at home.
Shortly after 2 o'clock the First Infantry as
sembled in response to bugle sounds, presenting
a picturesque sight as they marched to the east
side of the upper parade grounds and formed in
regimental order. The good-byes had been said
to sweethearts, mothers, sisters, wives, com
rades of the garrison and lingering friends. Sud
denly the eight companies marched in quick
step, heedless of everything save the commands
of officers.
At Van Ness avenue and Lombard the sol
diers halted, formed in platoons, consulted with
the Chief of Police through his aids, then wheel
ed into Van Ness avenue, headed by 200 po
licemen. From this point to the ferries the pro
cession was a continuous ovation. The soldiers
marched through a rose wilderness of flowers,
while thousands of bouquets and wreaths waved
above them, the soft April sky brooding over all,
opalescent and as beautiful as a dream.
The music of the First Infantry band was
stirringly sweet and thrillingly suggestive of pa
triotic impulse-,, now sending forth the melodies
of old war tunes, then bursting forth in Sousa's
marches, and again returning to Dixie and the
camp tunes of long ago. It was a scene never
to be forgotten either by the soldiers who went
forth to offer up their lives for the flag or by
those who cheered them as they passed
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
STATE TROOPS FIRST.
Governor Eudd Wi'l Order the
Quota From the National
Guard.
If the President calls on the
Governor for troops, ,as he un
doubtedly will, Governor Budd
will direct the major-general to
order out from the National
Guard as an organization the
number required. This gives
all the promptness required in
respect to the President's call
and the organized, disciplined
and equipp "'d condition of the
guardsmen. Guardsmen when
called out as such by the Gov
ernor are entitled to $2 per day
from the State. The amount
received from the United States
Government would of course be
deducted from this, so that the
State would be paying but
about 544 per month per man.
The $2 per day would make
provision for the families of
the National Guardsmen, with
out putting much of a tax
upon their employers. Other
wise there must be great hard
ship. Those who go as volun
teers will not receive the same
recompense, as they must be
paid exclusively by the United
States. The amount paid by the
State is provided by an act of
the Legislature, which was
passed for the encouragement
of the National Guardsmen as
such, and to induce them to
serve for years before a call,
devoting their time and their
money in this behalf — each
guardsman drilling fifty nights
a year— the act giving assur
ance of the payment of the
amount specified to the fami
lies of the guardsmen in case
of war.
THE COLUMN
OF INFANTRY
The White Horse Cavalry
Escorts the Command
From the Presidio.
There was a stir of preparation at the
Presidio at an early hour yesterday,
for the boys in blue of the First United
States Infantry were to leave on orders
to fight for their < -lntry. Before noon
there were several hundred civilians on
the grounds — little children in white
gathering wild 11 wers, soldiers -wan
dering forth for the last time with those
they love, small boys waving Hags
whose meaning they little understood,
while Bong birds poured forth their
wealth of melody from the throats of
rusty cannons used as ornaments on
the grounds.
A former English cavalry officer who
was present when the soldiers assem
bled on the upper parade ground said:
"They are as tine a drilled body of men
as I ever saw, for every movement is a
poem."
That sentiment was in the hearts of
all who witnessed the departure of the
pride of California for the scenes of
future conflict. The scene was inspir
ing from start to finish, the music and
the marching appealing to the patriot
ism of all as "Good luck!" was cried
out all along the -me from the Presidio
to the ferries. The start was made at
2:20.
Every soldier marched as if his heart
was in the cause, and t was a beauti
ful sight to behold Captain Lockett's
troop I of the Fourth Cavalry escort
the infantry to their point of embarka
tion.
At the turn of every road there were
volumes of cheers, and the sight along
the winding paths of the Presidio was
as fine as was ever witnessed in the
State. Along the line of march be
tween the Presidio and Van Ness ave
nue the soldiers were greeted by the
ringing of bells and the blowing of
whistles, as well as by voliuaes of
cheers. By the time the procession had
reached Van Ness avenue the streets
were alive with spectators and the
cheering was begun with renewed
vigor.
Last January California celebrated
the semi-centennial anniversary of her
statehood with a parade of thousands
Of soldiers ana civilians along the same
streets traveled yesterday by the First
Infantry on its way to the front. On
that occasion, too, Colonel Miles' com
mand turned out, and exceedingly
handsome and soldierly the i..en looked
in their dress coats and stiff helmets,
proving one of the most attractive feat
ures <>f the display.
An immense crowd — estimated to be
the largest ever assembled on the great
boulevard — lined the sidewalks of \';ir.
Ness avenue and heartily applauded
the regiment that from long association
has become dear to San Franciscans.
That event had been advertised for
weeks; almost every county in the
State contributed to its picturesque
ness and hardly a city, town or village
but sent its quota to swell the crowd.
But yesterday, with barely forty
eight hours' notice and with no pre
paration whatever beyond an invita
tion to the school children to assemble
a far greater crowd choked the broad
avenue until it was only with the great
est difficulty that the police and cavalry
escort could clear a passage for the
regiment.
At Lombard street, where the col
umn swung into Van Ness avenue, a
battalion of police, under command of
Chief Lees, with Lieutenant Birdsall
acting as his adjutant, was drawn up
in column of platoons, ready to escort
the gallant First to the ferry. There
were three companies — A, B and C —
under command of Captains Wittman,
Spillane and Gillen, respectively, the
platoc-n:; being in charge of Sergeants
George B. Baldwin, Martin, Conboy,
Brophy, Perrin, Campbell and Mona
han. At -:i~> o'clock the soldiers, head
ed by the cavalry troop, wheeled Into
the avenue, the police took the lead,
and to the strains of "Tenting on the
Old Campground," the grand march in
review of the tens of thousands began.
The change in the appearance of the
regiment Horn the parade of last Janu
ary was striking. The dress coats had
given way to service-stained fatigue
blouses; drab slouch hats replaced the
heavy helmets; the neat-fitting trous
ers were partly concealed by brown
canvas leggings, while the roll of blan
kets, canteen, haversack and other ac
couterments did not add to the sym
metry of the lines. The dress parade
soldier had disappeared and in his
place marched the country's defender,
fully pano-piied for war.
He was admired before; yesterday he
was loved— yes, worshiped. Where it
was well-bred applause then, it w.s
cheering continuous and deafening
from one end of the street to the other
now. And the cheers were not confined
to the children. Men swung their hats,
canes, handkerchiefs, and yelled like
demons: women, from the bewitching
bud to the whitened grandmother, cast
all restraint to the winds, and, rray
>p, for the first time in their lives,
gave full Vent to their emotions.
Looking down the avenue to Gulden
Gate from the crest of the hill at Jack
son street, the sight wes thrilling be
yond description. Myriads of tiny flags
fluttered in the breeze, while fro-m the
buildings either side far out into the
street was a solid mass of people, a
narrow passage way down the center
alone being kept clear for the men.
With the appearance of the police a
cheer arose that swelled into a roar
when the cavalry escort forced its way
through the multitude and grew still
louder in volume as the glistening lines
of muskets swt-pt o-ver the hill like
successive billows on the sea-
Banners waved from every window
and in almost every- hand; flowers fell
upon the brave boys in blue thicker
than bulls'. : could be poured L. by any
foe; tears coursed down the cheeks of
staid citizens and proud dames until it
seemed as though there must be a sud
den collapse of the enthusiasm. But
it only grew with the advance of the
recipients.
Proudly the men sped along, scarce
looking to right' or left, and never a
break except when a hand was
stretched forth to receive from a by
stander—sometimes a little school girl,
again a richly gowned woman— a bunch
of Bowers. Then the muzzle of the sol
dier's musket was called upon to do
duty as a vase, and by the time Market
street was reached almost every piece
in the command was thus adorned.
Wilder grew the enthusiasm and
more furiously rained the blossoms as
the column neared Golden Gate
avenue, where the crouds were
densest. It would be a marvel if the
soldier who less than an hour before
had kissed wife and babes good-by at
the Presidio should not for the mo
ment forget the tear-stained faces he
had left behind and exult at the pa
triotic demonstration over him.
While riding down Van Ness avenue
at the head of his regiment Colonel
Miles was captured by a band of
maidens, who decked his charger with
a magnificent wreath of roses. For a
moment the old hero's lip quivered and
his gantleted hand made a sudden
dash across his eyes. He could only
bow his acknowledgments as he re
sumed his march. A short distance
further the colonel was halted again,
this time by a handsome little fellow of
3 or 4 years, v hd, perched upon his
father's shoulder, held a beautiful
silken flag which he pressed into the
warrior's hand. A caressing pat on the
cheek in return and again the colonel
pressed on, carefully tucking the em
blem in his breast. These were only a
few of the incidents; it would require
a page to tell all.
Golden Gate avenue contained al
most as great a crowd as the wide;
thoroughfare, and so congested was the
Street that police, cavalrymen and in
fantrymen were obliged to break into
column of fours. The cheers swept
down the street ahead of the troops
like a mighty wave, telling those on
Market street that the men they had
gathered to pay homage to were com
ing.
Prom Golden Gate avenue to the
ferries Market stivet was packed al
most from curb to curb with a mass of
patriotic humanity that waited patient
ly for the moment to arrive to give
demonstrative greeting to the little
band of soldiers who are to bear their
share of the first shock of coming war.
Not less than 100,000 people were con
gregated between the points named,
and" not less than one-third of them
carried small flags. The fluttering
bunting and the gay costumes of the
ladies made as brave a show as ever
fired the hearts of the nation's de
fenders.
Although the troops did not reach
Market street until 3:30 o'clock the
waiting thousands held their places
with steady patience and sought to
gain such amusement as was to be
had from the circumstances called into
being by the occasion. The appear
ance of a band of make-believe sol
diers, ranging in age from seven to 10
years, was greeted with cheers that be
tokened a full appreciation of the mar
tial spirit that actuated the youngsters.
With laths for swords, vagrant bits of
variegated bunting for uniforms and a
tin can for a drum the young patriots
marched down the street with the dig
nity and assurance of veterans, appar
ently unconscious of the attention they
were attracting.
Another star attraction for the wait
ing multitude was a beautiful St. Ber
nard dog whose back was covered with
a canvas blanket on which was in
scribed the words, "T'll with Spain."
This sentiment seemed to strike a re
sponsive chord in the hearts of those
who waited, for the dog and his juve
nile master were greeted with an ova
tinn as they pnssed down the line. It
was :i suggestive incident, showing the
IV. Ling that has quickened tne public
pulse ;md made possible such a demon
stration as that witnessed yesterday. A
conspicuous figure that attracted much
attention was that of a butcher's ap
prentice, who stood on the edge of the
overhanging cornice of a building and
awaited the approach of the troops. He
still wore his soiled apron, but he had
wrapped a piece of red, white and blue
bunting about his body until, as he
stood there outlined against the sky,
he looked like a very sturdy and very
picturesque statue of Liberty.
The temper of the crowd was made
evident when, long before the appear
ance of the troops, three trucks, each
drawn by four horses and piled high
with camp equipage and stores for the
troops, passed down Market street on
their way to the ferry. Each truck
was accompanied by two or three sol
diers in uniform and these were greet
ed with cheers that must have been
gratifying to the ears of the boys in
blue.
When the body of police that pre
ceded the troops turned from Golden
Gate avenue into Market street the fac
was heralded by a cheer that acted or.
the multitude of people between that
point and the ferries like a spark on a
train of powder. The cheer was taken
up by the waiting thousands and from
one end of the street to the other there
swepjt a wave of sound that fired the
heart and sent the blood racing through
one's veins. It was but the prelude o£
the vociferous bravos that greeted the
warriors as they passed on their way
through the narrow lane between the
two solid walls of humanity. Mer?
shouted themselves hearse and maids
and matrons vied with each other in
making oral and physical demonstra
tions of their love and pride for the
brave boys who will risk their lives In
defense of the nation's honor. .It waa
a sight that was good to see. and one
that will live long in the memories of
those who were so fortunate as to wit
ness it.
The most impressive scene along the
line of march occurred when the troops
n .v hed the foot of Market street. The
vanguard of police formed in single
column line along the south side of the
street, as did the troop of cavalry that
preceded the body cf infantry. Then,
as the troops marched past in review,
they were saluted by the city blue
coats and the troopers. Cheer after
cheer was given and returned with a
will that spoke volumes for the broth
erly love bet%veen those who were go
ing to repel a foreien foe and those
who remained to protect the home and
fireside. The soldier boys marched into
the building on their way to the boats
that were to take them across the bay,
and the cheers that followed them were
like a benediction.
The regular 4 o'clock boat carried the
regiment over and with it as many peo
ple as could crowd the decks. The band
wheeled aside as it reached the apron
and then played its liveliest while the
regiment hurried past.
As the head of the column stepped on
board the people onAhe boat raised a
cheer that was taken up on the wharf
uhere others could hear but not see,
nor would they let the cheer die down
until the regiment had embarked. They
cheered each company, they cheered
each man almost; they more than
cheered the flag as it came on board
and they went into fits of enthusiasm
over everything martial they saw.
When the boat pulled out those on the
piles of the slip commenced to shout
and as she ran out Into the stream the
cry ran along the wharves like a prairie
fire until the whole water front re
sounded with the mighty farewell.
Lying at Mission pier was the three
masted schooner Alga, and she seemed
the center of the cheer, for her decks
were black with people and her rigging
was dotted with men hanging on with
hands and feet and eyebrows.
The factories along the front added
their steam whistles to the din; a
bustling little tug tooted its loudest;
an ocean steam schooner Joined and
then the revenue cutters Grant and
Corwin turned loose with a cheer from
the men and a blast of shrieking steam.
But the ordinary steam whistles
faded into an echo when the utonterey
opened up her wailing siren. The men
formed at quarters aft of her after
turret and then after a few preliminary
coughs to clear her throat she joined
the chorus of the city's farewell and
sang the loudest and longest of them
all. Her siren call is like the cry of a
caged hurricane, deep, piercing, mourn
ful and prolonged, and the fact that
she, too, may soon find use for more
than her siren added emphasis to the
boisterous sung she sang.
As the boat neared the Oakland slip
the enthusiasm of the thousands on the
boat started up again. The flag was
cheered; the "boys in blue,"' "Colonel
Miles and the gallant First" and • a
tiger for good luck to all its men.
There were two trains waiting at the
mole, and the men were at once as
signed to their places in the cars. The
train was to go in two sections, and
but one Pullman had been provided
for the officers, but when the firs:
tion got as far as Sixteenui street a
second Pullman was added to it. There
was a third section composed of freight
cars, which, being too big to handle,
overflowed on to the troop trains, add
ing five cars of horses and mules to
each.
Every one expected an early start,
but it did not come. The crowds hung
around the trains, and friends who had
said good-by on every previous occa
sion took advantage of the wait and
sought once more the boys that were
to be taken away.
Most of the men who had no more
farewells to say made themselves as
comfortable as possible in the cars.
They were very quiet, and they showed
how much they disliked leaving the
city that had been their home so long.
They are afraid they will not come
back again— even what is left of them
should they go to war— for they say
twelve years in one place is a tour of
duty that seldom falls to a regiment.
The thought that in any event they
have seen San Franc jseo with all its
virtues and faults fur the last time is
what grieves them most.
The last of the freight was late to
arrive at the yards, and so hour after
hour the two trains waited. Then the
overland drew out. and ten minutes
later the first section, carrying the
first battalion under Lieutenant-Colo
nel Bisbee drew out. There were not
many people left then, but those who
were there all had friends on the
trains, and so the farewell that filled
the big barn-like depot lost nothing
from the lack of numbers.
. Then there was another wait to give
the first section a chance to get clear,
and then the second section, composed
of twenty cars, drew away. Fifteen
minutes later, with many a toot and
wheeze and cough, the freight section
started, and the blinking of its red end
light as it swung around the curve was
the last good-by of the First.
THE NOBLE FIRST.
Roster of the Officers and
Enlisted Men.
Following is the latest revised roster
of the commissioned officers, non-com
missioned officers and enlisted men of
the First Infantry, including band and
hospital corps, that left yesterday for
New Orleans:
Colonel Evan Miles, First Infantry,
commanding. ■
Lieutenant-colonel, William H. Bisbee.
First Lieutenant E. E. Benjamin, adju
tant.
I First Lieutenant Leon S. Roudiez,
quartermaster and commissary.
Captain Gandy, assistant surgeon.
Sergeant-major, Robert McCleare. •
COMPANY A.
Captain Louis P. Brant, commander.
First lieutenant, H. McL. Powell.
Second lieutenant, Charles I*. Bent. .
First sergeant, Joseph Senecal.
Sergeants— John Pettit, Joseph Smith,
Frank Gunnard.
Corporals— C. O. Arland, Timothy
•Holohan, Charles F. Miller, Walter 8.
Con way, George P. Bloss:
Musicians— James L. Higgins, Carl
Cpss.
Artificers — Michael Conners and Jor»
gensen.
"Wagoner, August Landgren.
Privates— August Beaton, Harry Bech
tel, Charles E. Bennett, John Butt, Ro
ger E. Carlisle, Patrick Conley, Edward
Case, John Dolan, Richard Doer, Eu
gene Farara,- ; Joseph Galla, George Gil
bo, Edward R. iiamblin, Joseph Hav
licek, Perry K. Hill, John Hines, Jo
seph Horacek, Frank Hotchkiss, Wil
liam Howard, Christian Johnsen, Joel
Johnson, Wilhelm Kaufman, Michael
Kelly, Otto Kraatz, Francis Larkin,
Denis Leonard, John F. Leonard, Edward
McNaJly, Bennett McGreevy, Walter H.
Palmer, Henry Peters, Luther M. Scales,
Charles H. Smith, George Smith, Charles
Saustman, George Strouse, Claire H.
Stetson, Charles Stevenson, William H.
Veltman, Francis Ward, Hudson W. Wat
son, Henry Whitelaw.
COMPANY B.
First lieutenant— B. Vogdea.
Second lieutenant — Lincoln F. Kil
bourne.
First sergeant— Holman.
Sergeants— John A. Dixou, William M.
Norton, Francis Ch. de Cassembroot.
Corporals — Herman Minder, William
Cassidy, Charles Krattley, Robert G. Rob
inson.
Musicians — Edward Dooner, John H.
Engelken.
Privates— Daniel Hanley, Carl L. An
derson, John C. F. Arnold, Lawrence
Bolger, John Bradley, William Brand
horst, John Bremen, Fred Bjorke, Joseph
C. Buehler, John J. Byrnes, Erwin Carle,
Carl L.. Casdorph, Joseph A. Chabot, Os
car K. Crandall, James Dean, William
Dettinger, Henry Fisher, Wert H. Fless
ner. J. J. Freil, Sylvester Haines, Andrew
Z. Howard, Percy H. Howard, William
A. Hunter, Emil K. Johnson, Sebastian
Kessel, Carl Kloepfel, Philip E. Kramer,
Charles Larson, John J. Lyons, Lawrence
Mc< urthy, Patrick J. MeCone. Fred W.
McMeen, Joseph Murphy, Charles R.
Peck, Hamer Reynolds, \\ llliam H. Rou
lett Carl F. Bcliuiu, James S. Tolley,
William Vogt, William Walsh. David L.
Wilson, Steve Zetka, John Zimney, Rich
ard Roxtrom.
COMPANY C.
First Lieutenant F. O. Ferris, com
mander.
First sergeant, Joseph Mercijre.
Sergeants— Patrick OMarie, Michael
Sauford, William L'll, Michael Freehan.
Corporals— John Sullivan, Ira Crece
lius, Thomas Kingsley, Arthur N. Wales.
Musicians— Edwin T. Sawin, Samuel J.
Mri ri man.
Artificers— Winn W. Grawn, Nicholas
M. Hauser.
Privates— Henry Anderson, Thomas
Andrews, Sam T. Bondhus, Harry D.
Breen. James J. Brown, Fred O. Burgess,
Thomas Crean, James Coffin, Edward
Dohmpropst, Peter Downey, Jacob Hahn,
William C. Hendrix, John Huddleston,
Theodore Huseman, Thomas Kent. George
B. Losey, Michael Louth, Dennis F. Ma
honey, Clarence E. Moorehead, James
McDonnell. Michael McGoldrick, John
Parker, James Petersen, Patrick Plunkett,
Lewit P. Itaham, Edmond Quinlan, Will
iam Range. Seth Seth, Charles Stone,
Henry Smith, Thomas Watson, Delos E.
West, Timothy T. Sullivan, John Mc-
Kamish, Ernest H. Carter, Peter Kled-
COMPANY D.
Commander, Captain James S. Pettlt.
Second lieutenant, James N. Pickering.
First sergeant, John Wilson.
Sergeants— Albert Lang. Jacob T. Pugh,
James Dooley. Charles Young.
Corporate— George Balyess, Edward
Welsh. Daniel Sullivan, Henry H.
Musicians— Timothy Connell, Dennis
Artificers-^aul Beck. Charles Swope.
Privates— Sam P. Barre. William W.
Blood Patrick Brady, LevJ Carter. Al
!,, it C Clouton. Thomas Cle&ry, Thomas
Crowley, Philip X Deckard, Daniel
Dickey, John J. Dougherty, John Ellison,
Alexander c.inty. George D. Hall,
Peter Hart, James Hager. John R. Kerly,
John Kavas, Samuel I- Krelser, Willis G.
! one James Massey, James J. Mcßrtde,
Frederick Miller, Ashley Morgan. George
\ Moyse, Andrew Muldoon, Charles Xe
her, Max J. Pencer, Carl Philipp. Jacob
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Want
your boy
To come with
you to our store. We've
something for him worth the
comma. Our children's wear
■- . °
department has just been
opened — bright new goods
fresh from the factory, big
stock at prices like these :
Boys' Suits, ages 4to 14 tan mixtures, #| JC
checks and plain tfl.t
Boys' Suits, navy blue cheviots, ages 4 ffl "7C
to 15 ♦'• l «'
Boys' all-wool Sco eh tweeds, ages 4 to
15, plaids and checks, browns, blues »5 CD
and blacks «PO.«>»
All of the above suits in ages 4 to 10, hive
large sailor collars, handsome braid ">n sleeve*
and collars; ages 9 to 15 made plain, double-
breasted. _
Made-to-order suits for men and
youths.
Men's furnishings and hats.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St., S. F.
34
OFF WITH THE GOOD
WISHES OF THE CITY.
Piotrowiak. Len F. Pass, Roger Power,-!
Frank Qulnn. John P. Quist, William j
Snyder, Thomas Steele. Joseph Szotowicz, !
Isaac Ti.ggart. John Taylor, Henry E. j
Thornton. Joseph Vnlmer, Albert O. War- j
burg, Burdett C. West, William G. White, j
Frank H. Wilson. Arthur F. Yambert.
COMPANY E.
Captain. John J. O'Connell.
nd lieutenant. Win R. Crofton.
First sergeant, Richard C. Rush.
Sergeants— John Salter, Henry Lindel
blad. James McPherson.
Corporals— Edward Meagher, Walter S.
Vance, John M. Basey. George M. Eag
lln.
Musicians— Frank E. Morris, Otto Kis
tener.
Privates— William T. Webb. Charles
Jahelman. George Berger. Joseph A. Al
mond, Anders Anderson, Joseph A. Bac
cala, Benjamin F. Bailey, Charles Black
er. Jesse F. Brawner, Maximilian Bruni, I
Thomas P. Campbell, Michael Daley.
Henry W. Decker, John Doyle. Andrew
Engstrom, Nicholas Finnigan, Josiah H.
Holmes, Edwin R James. Charles A.
Jones, Okfy W. King. Amos Kirby. Ernest
Knauer. Theodore Larsen. Peter MfUz
ler, Fred Miller. Adam Neder. Patrick
O'Brien, Henry Olsen, Fraugott A. Pos
ner. Thomas Powell, William Quigley,
Wax Rudolph, Soante M. Soderblom,
John Sullivan, William A. Townsend, j
Michael J. Vickers. Frederick C. Wood
ley, Carl Zuckerman, James Gill, Charles
Nolan, Hart Dare.
COMPANY F.
Captain, Charles G. Star.
First lieutenant. George A. Detchmendy.
Second lieutenant, Dana W. Kilburn.
Firijt sergeant, Samuel Stewart.
Sergeants— William Bowman. Frederick
G. Martin, John A. Schwinn, Michael
Fitzpatrick.
Corporals— James H. Lamb, William
Miller, Thomas L. Hathorn, Fred IL
Gould.
Musicians— Alonzo P. Allen, Robert L.
Goswell.
Artificers— Louis B. Leach, George M.
Spencer.
Privates— Charles Allen, John Anderson,
Lee Bailey, Herbert F. Belden. Bernard
Broquet, Thomas Cook, Patrick Donovan,
W. H. Duty, Frank Erdmann. Schuyler
Pory, Petf>r Gay. Michael Gleason. Law
rence M. Fory, Charles L. Goodrich, An
drew Ham. Michael H. Harvey, John
Hawkes, John Hensley, Walter W. Hlg
glns. John E. Humphreys. John Hynes,
James H. Lane. David Maglavsky, Charles j
H. Mclntosh, George T. McLoughton,
James H. McNeil, Lemuel B. Aletts. Jos- i
eph Miles, James K. Mitts, Andrew J. i
Montague. Ernest J. Nichols, Frederick
Parker, John Paulus, Alvin E. Peak,
Charles Peterson, Thomas F. Plunkett,
Ppt>T P. Reiter, Seth S. Seaton, James
Shehan, Everett H. Stevens, John J.
Sweeney, James E. Ward, David Watt,
1 rge Weber, Bert Williarris. Thomas
Winn, Charles Wooster. Charles Yachu.
COMPANY G.
Captain, Nat P. Phister.
First lieutenant. F. E. Lacey.
Second Lieutenant, Dennis E. Nolan.
First servant. William Murphy.
Sergeants— Dean, Kelly. Waters, Selsor.
Corporals— G. Landers, Montgomery,
BoycroTt, Hood. Schnitzler.
Musicians— Bryant, Adams.
Art! fleers— Eckert, Feltus.
Privates— G. Bentley. Brandon, Blge
low, Bokelmann, Bernhardt, Brown,
Carey, Connaughton, Dawsey, Donnelly.
Ezell. Fisher, Ilansen, llarrigan, HtHibe.
H> rt, Hoffmann. Jacoby. Jones. Kern.
Lichterbeck. I.ltlich, Markus, Merrltt. :
Murphy, McGlow, McLellan, McNelly.
Pltsher, Phillips. Randall. Robinson. Rol
lins. Bldwell, Siehcrt, Snodgrass. Sum
mers, Timmlns, Wagner. Wohitmair.
O'Connor, Schultz, Campbell.
COMPANY H.
Captain— Leopold O. Barker.
First sergeant— W. O. Grlgsby.
H.Ti:eant3— Joseph Drescher. Marshall
R. Zimmerman, August Wall. Neits Chal
mers.
< or- orals— James Edwards. James Cur
ran. William H. Hlnklc, Charles H.Hous
man.
Musician— William A. Sullivan.
Artificer— Theodore Noy.
Privates— Edward Allebaugh. Robert
Arniutt. Michael Bass. John A. Black
stork. WlHiam Blake, Thomas J. Bond.
William Brown, Carl F. Brunotte. John
Porter. William H. Burns. Grant C. Car
rington, Henry C. Casterline, John B.
Crow George A. Downey. Marshall Fish
er.William A Goldengay, Nicholas Hahn
Hans F. Hirte. Richard Halahan, Eman
GOT AWAY
WITH THE
BALLOT-BOX
Many Stormy Scenes 1
at a Democratic
Meeting.
Blows Struck, but No
Serious Damage
Done.
After a Hard Struggle the Po
lice Separated the Opposing
Factions. '
R. MANN'S STATEMENT.
Claims That a Determined Attempt
Waß Made to Do Him
Up.
The Democratic meeting in the
Thirty-fourth District last night was
replete with disgraceful scenes which
finally culminated in one of the "push"
getting away with the ballot-box. Had
It not been for the presence of several
of Captain Gillin's men serious trouble
would have occurred.
The meeting which was called for the
purpose of effecting a permanent or
ganization and also to elect twenty
members to represent the district in the
General Committee was held in Mis-
Bion Turner Hall on Eighteenth street,
between Valencia and Guerrero.
There were two tickets in the field.
One was headed by John L. Herget,
professionally known as Young Mitch
ell, and the other by Robert Mann, As
sistant Prosecuting Attorney in Judge
Conlan's court.
When the balloting commenced a
gang of ward heelers surged around
the box and attempted to prevent the
respectable residents of the district
from voting. Mann's adherents, realiz
ing that they were "up against it," as
one of them expressed it, called upon
the policemen who were present to see
that they got a square deal.
The minions of the law, acting under
instructions from Captain Gillin. re
fused to interfere with the balloting,
but announced that they were prepared
t" Dreserve the peace at all hazards.
THE COLUMN AT THE FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
uel Hysong. Thomas P. Jones, August
Keltlng, Joseph Keiger. Axel R. Kling
berg, Joseph Ledvlna. David H. Lewis,
Joseph Lecomsky, Daniel O'Donnell,
Charles H. Pelton, Owen Place, William
J. Quinn, Frank A. Razee, Allison C.
Rhoads. Max C. Rlepe. Anthony Savier,
William S. Sloan. Frank A. Spau'.ding.
John A. Strain, Howard Stram, John C.
Van Eman. James L. Webb. Ignatius
Wieczorek. Earl V. Woodruff, James F.
Rozzelle, James McAllister.
HOSPITAL CORPS.
Hospital corps that will accompany the
First Infant-y— Captain Ganly, assist
ant surgeon; Hospital Steward Herman
Miller from Benlcia, Privates Gates. Jer
nigan. Lyons. Roehl. St. Clair, Buesard.
from the Presidio; Privates Hutchins.
Gresham, Brow and Neister, from Be
nlcia.
THE BAND.
Chief musician. W. G. B. Erdmann.
Lieutenant musicians— Ursenbach and
Frehnar.
Sergeant. C. H. Fix.
Privates — AJvahez, Ames, Blanche,
Busch, Cochran, Cregan, Horwitz. Las
kelle, Hansen, Kees, O'Connor, Parrott.
Just as the opposing factions were
about to clash a man named 'Jim '
Fennell, who is connected with the '
School Department, rushed upon the
stage, and, seizing the ballot-box,
threw it to a confederate. The latter
attempted to get away with it, but was
seized by a police officer, who took the
box from him.
Subsequently it was taken to the Sev
enteenth-street station and turned over
to Captain Gillin.
There were several lively scrimmages
after the box waj taken by the police,
but no serious harm was done.
Mann was sorely grieved at what he
termed the desperate methndsemployed
by the push.
"I was told yesterday," he remarked
when discussing the theft of the bal
lot box, "that a gang of ward heelers
and toughs would attend the meeting
for the purpose of seeing that Herget
was elected. Several of my friends
warned me to be extremely cautious,
I as the push would not hesitate at com-
I mitting murder to gain their end.
"After the polls opened I realized
that the 'push' was determined to
elect Herget. They gathered around
the ballot-box and refused to allow any
of my friends to vote for me.
"When a battle seemed imminent
Fennell, so T am told, seized the box
j and threw it into the wings to the right
lof the stage. Just as his confederate
vas about to get away with it several
police officers grabbed it and afterward
took it to the Seventeenth c t eet sta-.
tion."
Mann's friends say they >vill cause
the arrest of Fennell to-day on a
charge of malicious mischief.
MISS DAISY WRIGHT
BECOMES A BRIDE.
Marriage of a Young Lady Who Was
Born in Monterey's Old
Custom-House.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 20.— A quiet
home wedding occurred here this morn
ing, the principals in which are persons
of prominence in this portion of the State. I
Miss Daisy D. Wright was married at !
tho home of her parents. Captain and
Mrs. Jonathan Wright, to Cornelius A.
Culp, formerly of San Felipe but now a
resident of Pacific Grove.
The bride is a daughter of an officer of
General (then Lieutenant) William Te
cumseh Sherman's company. Her mother i
held the position of official telegrapher I
for the united States Government at !
Monterey during the Civil War and, as
such, received the dispatch announcing
Lincoln's emancipation proclamation.
Miss Wright herself is the only person
born in Monterey's famous old custom
house. Mr. Culp is a son of J. D. Culp
of San Felipe, the veteran tobacco grower
i of the State.
Death of an Octogenarian.
SANTA CRUZ, April 20.-William
Wright died this morning. He was a na
j tive of Scotland, aged 84 years. Mr.
j Wright came to Santa Cruz from St. Al- I
! bans, Vt., ten years ago. He is mourned i
jby a widow and seven children. He was >
; the father of Miss E. A. Wright of this i
city and Mrs.  . G. Greene, prominent in
• suffrage, temperance and kindergarten !
; movements of this State. The funeral will
i bo held on Friday from the family home i
i on Mission str<-> t.
Will Run for Congress.
CARSON. April 20.-D. S. Truman of '
. Winnemucca announces that he will be
[ a candidate for Congress by petition.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRTL 21, 1898.
Pearson, Proctor, Prochaske, Rugen,
Strackujan, Walsh and Shelhimer.
A GOOD EXAMPLE.
Fred C. Siebe Takes the
Initiative in Patriotic
Action.
There is more than one way of evinc
ing one's patriotism, and because a man
may be a little too far advanced in
years to go to the front with a gun and
fifty pounds of equipage on his back, it
is no reason why he can not do a great
deal of good in other ways.
Fred C. Siebe, the brother of the As
sessor, showed a spirit yesterday which
cannot be too highly commended, and
which will probably be the first step in
a direction that many other prominent
ami wealthy merchants will follow.
When the hour at which the troops
were to depart had been definitely ascer
tained, Mr. Siebe called over two hun
DISGRACED
THE ARMY
UNIFORM
Lieutenant Dean of
the Fourth Cav
alry Resigns.
Gets Into an Entangle
ment With a Disrepu
table Woman.
His Overcoat and Watch and
Chain Left in Her
Charge.
SEQUEL OF A DEBAUCH.
On Account of the Scancal Mrs.
Dean Has Lelt Her
Husbsnd.
First Lieutenant Alexander T. Dean,
I Troop B. Fourth United States Cavalry,
has again and for the last time en
tangled himself in the clutches of the
military authorities at the Presidio.
Wine, women and song are the cause
of his downfall. Yesterday it was
Lieutenant Dean, to-day it is plain Mr.
| Dean, his resignation having been ten
j dered to avoid a trial and certain dis
missal.
A military court had several times
tried Lieutenant Dean for drunkenness
and conduct unbecoming an officer,. but
so far he has only been reprimanded or
lost a few files in rank.
On various occasions while on
"sprees" he has used Uncle Sam's fire
arms to perforate the walls and ceilings
of saloons and gambling houses in
Arizona, and later in the Yosemite
: National Park. His escapades in the
i Yosemite have been the talk of the of
' fleers and men of his regiment since
they occurred.
His latest debauch, that happened
' only a few days since, has capned the
I climax. It is stated by one close to the
authorities that while under the influ
; ence of liquor he left his overcoat, cane,
I watch and chain with a woman of
1 questionable reputation. These arti
! cles were recovered in a saloon on
I Kearny street, letween Jackson and
dred employes of his shoe factory and
wholesale liquor store together and told
them to quit work, go out and see the
procession and not to return until they
had cheered themselves hoarse in honor
of the Hag.
When the parade was over, the troops
had departed and the clerks and labor
ers had returned to their several occu
pations, Mr. Siebe informed them that
all who wished to enlist might do so
with the assurance that their positions
would be open to them on their return
from the war; and that every man po
doing would be presented with a paid
up insurance policy, made payable to
any member of his family he wished to
provide for, and that the house would
stand the expense.
This is the first step taken by any lo
cal merchant to do what he can toward
encouraging enlistment that has neces
sitated his going down into his pockets.
When interviewed last night concern
ing his action, Mr. JVbe was at first in
clined to say nothing about it, but.
Washington, by an enlisted man sent
by the lieutenant to secure them.
In consequence of this last debauch
Mrs. Dean has loft him and is now liv
ing in the city. This is hi? second wife,
his first partner having secured a di
vorce from the lieutenant on the
ground of non-sup.>ort. ..
SAN JOSE OFFICIALS
TAKE OATH OF OFFICE.
Mayor Martin Recommends Economy
in Administering the
City's Affairs.
SAX JOSE. April 20.— The Council cham
ber was packed this evening when the
new city officials took the oath of office.
The new regime is as follows; Mayor,
Charles J. Martin: Conncilmen, First
ward, J. W. Maeauley; Second ward, 11.
Ward "Wright: Third ward, 11. M. N.
Spring; Fourth ward, W. G. Ropers; at
largr, James Miner; City Clerk. J. W.
Cook; City Treasurer. J. N. Ewing.
Mayor Koch delivered an address be
fore relinquishing his office to his suc
cessor. He briefly reviewed his adminis
tratiun and made a report of the city
finances, which show a deficit.
Mayor Martin's address was short. He
said the city"s finances were in bad shape,
anrl many needed improvements would
have to wait until there were available
funds. He favored economy, and as a
start in this direction he recommended
that the Council meetings be held in
the afternoon instead of evening, thus
effecting a Having- in gas bills. In con
clusion he asked the hearty co-operation
of the Councilmen in orde: that the 11th
"f April, 1898, might lie known as a red
letter day in the history of San Jose.
EXPLOSION SCATTERS
DEATH AND INJURY.
Two Chinese Killed and Eighteen
Maimed at a Quicksilver Mine
Near Calistoga.
NAPA, April 20.— At the Oat Hill quick
silver mine, fourteen miles above Calis
toga, an explosion occurred this morning
at 5:15 o'clock, causing the death of two
Chinese and the wounding of eighteen
others.
About 150 Chinese and the same number
of white men are employed in the mine,
and there are two villages in which the
workmen reside, the homes of the Chi
nese being separated from those of the
whites by quite a distance. The giant
powder which is used in operating- the
mine is kept in a powder-house, and the
Chinese contract laborers go there and
get it from time to time and temporarily
place in their cabins what they intend to
use.
This morning J. J. Multer, assistant su
perintendent of the mine, discovered
flames issuing from one of the Chinese
cabins. An alarm was sounded, and the
Chinese crowded about the burning
cabin, throwing buckets of water on the
flamw.
Suddenly there was a terrific explosion,
which shook the earth for hundreds of
yards around. After the smoke cleared
away nothing remained of the building,
and the dead and wounded coolies lay
scattered over the ground.
Stagedrlver C. \v. G. Connor conveyed
a number of the wounded Chinese to Cal
istoga. and the remaining wounded Chi
nese are on their way to that town.
Rich Strike in Pine Nut.
CARSON. April 20.— The biggest strike
ever made in Pine Nut is reported from
the Noonday mine. The blue lead has
when convinced that the story was
known and would be published whether
or no, he finally said: "I did not do !
what I have done with any wish to ;
pain notoriety. The matter is simply .
this: I believe that patriotism is the
highest and best virtue that humanity
possesses, and that money spent in culti
vating it is never thrown away. It is a
protection, not only for our homes and
firesides against an invading enemy,
but for ourselves against ourselves as
well. Let a man be proud of his coun
try and that pride will make him exert
every effort to make his country the
best on earth. Consequently we will
get good morals, good laws and good ,
government and protection in all honest j
business.
"I deprecate war and the horrors that
accompany it as much as any one, and
would go far as any one to prevent war
if it could be done without disgrace. As
to the justice or injustice of the present
difficulty, I have nothing to say. All I
know is that those in authority are ex
been reached and it is a very rich dis
covery.
RIVER STEAMSHIP
CORCORAN LAUNCHED.
Whistles Sound and Bells King as It
Glides Into the Water at
Stockton.
STOCKTON'. April 20.-The H. J. Cor
coran, the new passenger steamer of the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company, was launched at 4 o'clock this
afternoon. The vessel is the finest river
steamer on the coast. It will make the
run between San Francisco ajid Stockton
in five hours. It has beautiful lines, a
length of 215 feet over all, and a double
engineering pear. The launching was at
tended by the blowing of whistles and
rinsing of hells. It was remarked by
spectators that the vessel may see service
as a transport or a member of the mos
quito fleet if one is organized on this
coast.
TWO MASKED ROBBERS
HOLD UP A STAGE.
Take the Mail and Express and Col-
lect Toll From the Pas
sengers.
SOLOMONVILLE, Ariz., April 20.— The
' stage between Gcronlmo and Globe was
■ held up at 3 o'clock this afternoon about
I five miles north of Geronimo by two rob
: bers. They took the registered mail and
! express and robbed all the passengers.
I The robbers went north. Agent Rice of
i San Carlos sent Indian scouts to take the
| trail. Sheriff Birchfield left this evening
to join in the pursuit. It is not known
| how much booty the robbers obtained.
ILWACO'S VICTIMS OF
SPINAL MENINGITIS.
Autopsy Confirms the Diagnosis
Made by United States
Surgeon Redmond.
SEATTLE. April 20.— The autopsy made
by Dr. Redmond. United States surgeon
at Fort Canby, on the bodies of those who
were supposed to f have died at Uwaco of
cerbro spinal meningitis, yesterday fully
confirmed the former diagnosis that it
was this disease in the worst form. It
is the same ;ts that at Skaguay some time
ago. The greatest alarm exists around
Ilwaco as well as on the other side of the
Columbia River in Oregon.
ACCIDENT IN THE OLD
MILL AT SAN QUENTIN.
Large Pulley Wheel Breaks Loose,
Endangering the Lives of a
Number of Convicts.
SAN QUENTIN, April 20.— An accident
to the machinery of the old mill occurred
in the prison to-day, and will necessitate
a cessation of work for at least two
weeks. The nature of the accident was
such that it is almost a miracle that sev
eral men did not lose their lives. Strange
to say, nobody sustained a scratch.
The main shaft that provides power for
the machinery of tho old mill broke with
a terrific crash, releasing a pulley wheel
the fac-similo >^ //f>. ■** on every ■:.'^ ra
signature of £&a&z7cc&MA & CASTOIIIA.
erting every effort to prepare for a con
flict that seems inevitable and I con
sider it my duty as an American citizen
to help in every way I can.
"If war must come, I want to see the
victory on our side, and to that end I
am willing to go as far as the next
mar. I would rather, however, be al
lowed to do what I do in a quiet and
unostentatious manner. I don't mind
spending a few dollars in such a cause,
nor do I think, were I young and able,
I would shrink when it came my turn
to go with the rest; but I do fear you
newspaper men, and I don't, know of
anything that would cause me to turn
back quicker than the knowledge that
a reporter was in front of me."
SWORD PRESENTED.
Ser^eant Major McCleave
Will Soon Be Promoted.
Tuesday night Sergeant Major Robert
MoCleare of the First Infantry was
tendered a reception by the enlisted
men of his regiment, in the barracks
occupied by Company G, his former
company. He was presented with an
officer's sword, dress and fatigue belts,
and a pair of second lieutenant's shoul
der straps, as a slight testimonial of
the esteem in which he is held by his
fellow soldiers. Sergeant Major Mc-
Cleare will, in a few days, be ap
pointed a second lieutenant of infantry.
The universal wish of his comrades, as
expressed in their toasts, is that he
may be successful and attain the high
est possible rank in the army. Ser
geant McCleare- enlisted August 15, 1894,
and was promoted through the grades
of corporal, sergeant, to regimental
sergeant major, the highest rank ob
tainable by an enlisted man. Sergeant
McCleare is respected by all the men
of his regiment for his manly, soldierly
and accommodating qualities.
Last September he passed a competi
tive examination at Fort Leavenworth
for a commission, and stood third in
merit of seven successful candidates.
He is a son of Captain William Mc-
Cleare, U. S. A., retired, of Berkeley.
MAYOR'S SALUTE.
Generals Shafter and Mer
riam at the Pacific-
Union Club.
Mayor Phelan gave a lunch at the Pa
cific-Union Club yesterday in compli
ment to General Shafter, who relin
quishes the command of the Depart
ment of California, and to General Mer
riam, commanding the Department of
the Columbia, who has been assigned
to the responsibility of directing mili
tary affairs in this harbor.
The invited guests apart from the
generals named were Governor Budd,
Major Thomas H. Barry, U. S. A., adju
tant-general. Department of the Colum
bia; Lieutenants R. H. Noble and J. D.
Miley, of General Shafter's staff; Ma
jor-General Dickinson, division com
mander, N. G. C; Brigadier-General A.
W. Barrett, adjutant-general of Cali
fornia; Brigadier-General Warfield,
Second Brigade, N. G. C; Colonel W. P.
Sullivan Jr.. Colonel W. R. Smedberg,
Judge W. W. Morrow, Irving M. Scott,
Captain Carrington, Samuel G. Mur
phy, Colonel A. G. Hawes. James B.
Denman, Colonel C. P. Eagan, Russell
; Wilson and Downey Harvey, Claus
' Sprecltels, A. Cheesebrough, L. Sloss,
i J E Runice, Captain L. H. Turner. Dr.
, John F. Morse. Judge William T. Wal
; lace and J. W, Byrne.
Brief speeches were made by Gen
erals Shafter and Merriam in response
( to introductory remarks by the Mayor.
! Governor Budd spoke briefly, saying
I that while he was the commander-in
nine feet two inches in diameter, weigh
ins several tons and revolving at a nign
rate of speed. This immense wheel
crashed through the pillars which were
its support, breaking the flanges ana
sending fragments of machinery with
awful force throughout the whole build
ing Fifty or sixty prisoners and one
guard were in the mill at the time sev
eral in close proximity to the scene ot tne
accident, but all happened to be out of
harm's way. The hissing of the steam
escaping from the pipes excited the pris
oners to some degree, but all behaved
splendidly, to lue great pleasure of War
den Hale.
"Fip-hr to a Draw.
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— Ed Johnson
of the Sacramento Athletic Club and Joe
Reay, Pacific Coast welterweight cham
pion, to-night fought twenty romida to a
draw. It was one of the best fights ever
put up in Sacramento. It was under the
auspices of the Sutter Athletic Club.
"Kid" Bog-art of Sacramento and J. H.
McMahon of the Olympic Club enter
tained the audience in a spirited prelim
inary of ten rounds, resulting in a draw.
Registers and Receivers.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions: Registers of Land Office— Frank
D. Hobhs. at Salt Lake. Utah; George D.
Greene, at Helena, Mont.; Edward Bras
sey, at Lewiston. Mont. Receivers— John
Horsky, at Helena. Mont.; Andrew J.
Edsall. at Bozeman, Mont.; L. Eldridge,
at Lewiston, Mont.
Alabama's Democratic Nominees.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., April 20.— The
State Democratic convention to-day re
nominated Governor Johnston, Treasurer
Ellis and Auditor Wbifj fiy Reclamation.
Judge McClallan was nominated for Chief
Justice and John Haratson, j. Dowell, J.
R. Tyson and H. A. Sharp for Associate
Justices. R. P. McDavid was nominated
for Secretary of State.
Gladstone Is Failing.
HAWARDEN, April 20.— The bulletin
issued to-day regarding the health of the
Right Honorable William B. Gladstone
says the condition of the patient is not
so favorable as it has been recently.
Sailed Under Sealed Orders.
ISLAND OF BERMUDA, April 20.— The
British cruiser Pallas sailed from here
to-day under sealed orders, going in a
southerly direction.
Bram Guilty of Murder.
BOSTON, April 20.— Thomas Bram was
to-day found guilty of murder without
capital punishment in the barkentine
Herbert Fuller case.
Enlisting California Rangers.
ALAMEDA. April 20.— Preparations are
being made to obtain members of a volun
teer company to be raised in this city as
part of a regiment of California rangers,
which it is proposed to organize as soon
as the call for troops is issued by the
President. There are many young men
here who are desirous of taking part in
the conflict with Spain, and it is expected
that there will be no trouble in raising a
company at least.
An Enjoyable Surprise.
OAKLAND, April 20.— 0n Monday even
ing, April 18. California Council. Daugh
ters or Liberty, invited their sister coun
cilor. Mrs. B. Reynolds of Oakland Coun
cil No. 3. D. of L., to visit them. Mrs.
Reynolds little thought the affair was a
surprise in her honor, hut she was grand
ly entertained with a fine programme, in
chief of the State forces, the honor of
leading the troops on the field would
devolve upon General Dickinson.
A telegram from Admiral Kirtland,
U. S. N., was read, in which the ad
miral expressed regret that he could
not attend. The duty of responding
to the sentiment of the United States
navy was assigned to Irving M. Scott
who performed it in a highly accepta
ble manner.
"ON TO CUBA!"
Significant Words of Gen
eral Shafter Before the
Union League Club.
There were assembled in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel last night a
large number of well known men, some
of whom are prominent, in military cir
cles, all over the State, the occasion
being a reception tendered by the mem
bers of the Union League Club to Gen
eral W. R. Shafter, commander of the
Department of California, previous to
his departure for the East to-day.
There were present many of the gen
eral's personal admirers whose friend
ship he has gained by his sterling qual
ities both as an accomplished gentle
man and a soldier of high standing h\
the army. His uniform courtesy to all -
with whom he has come in contact 9,
during the long period he was sta
tioned here made him many warm
friends.
In responding to the address of wel
come General Shafter spoke these sig
nificant words: '"The concentration of
regular troops in the southern part of
the United States means that the mo
ment the Government determines to
take decisive steps the entire force will
be landed on Cuban soil and there, in
conjunction with the insurgents, will
concentrate their whole force upon th«
taking of the city of Havana, which
will be speedily accomplished."
If the well wishes and godspeeds
which the general received last night
are realized he will return again to
San Francisco covered with added
glory and greater honors than he has
yet accepted during his long and meri
torious service in the army. The fol
lowing were noted among those pres
ent: General H. C. Merriam. the new
department commander; Major T. H.
Barry: Colonel .1. D. V. Middle'on, chief
surgeon; General S. TV. Backus, Colonel
Isaac Trumbo, Colonel J. B. Wright,
Colonel W. McDonald, Colonel Albert
Rn Tassel, Major Wallace Diss, Judge
tf. Hayne. Judge H. C. Dibble, Judge
nnon of Ukiah. Colonel J. C. Lynch,
lator Tirey L. Ford, Senator Thomas
nt, J. S. Spear. W. W. Montague.
l. T. Sime. I. W. Hellman. Daniel
Cole. E. P. E. Troy, G. W. Dinkelspipl.
Dr. D. S. Simon. Captain J. Waller and
I George H. Pippy.
Incidents of the Campaign.
Miss S. J. Jones, principal of Agassis
Primary School, on Bartlett streeet,
near Twenty-second, was much com
mended for her forethought in provid
ing her young charges with a good
view of the patriotic spectacle attained
in a pleasant way. She chartered
seven large buses, and at the cost of 10
cents (or carfare) each child secured a
full and comfortable view of the
parade and an enjoyable ride to and
from the scene.
A telegram was received at army
headquarters yesterday from the Secre
tary of War to the effect that the wives
and families of the officers could re
main in the quarters they now occupy
until further orders are issued regard
ing the disposition of the First In
fantry Regiment and two light bat
teries. The families of the enlisted
men will also continue to occupy their
present quarters.
cluding some excellent solos; the Bohe-
Tnian Club rendered some choice selec
tions, and after dancing there was a fine
collation served. Those present from
Oakland Council were Councilor Mrs. B.
Reynolds, Mrs. H. Coffman, V. C; Mrs.
White, A. V. C.j Mr. H. H. Meyers, Mrs.
Anan Weekes. Miss Blanche Reynolds.
GREAT
As the hills are great; as the world is
great, so is the strength of man. But all
this can be worn away. Time and folly
will do the work. And then who can re-
place the damage done ? Have you never
seen men ■ prematurely old? Have you
seen the careworn and the depressed
man ? Have you never seen the hopeless
way in which they walk around ? You
say to yourself, "Poor man!" But think
for a few seconds. How long is it going
to be before some one is able to talk in
that way of you If you go on as you
are going to-day it won't be long ! But
I there is help and there is hope for you.
; Do you know what "Hudyan" is? If you
'; do not it will cost you only one postage
i stamp to learn. ft is the — yes,
I the great specific which the Hudsonian
I doctors in their researches discovered
I some years ago. It is the one thing that
; has cured all cases of weak and failing
strength with which it has been ths for-
tune of these great physicians to come
I into contact. They were wise when they
called it GREAT •■Hudyan," for what will
make weak men strong, puny men vigor-
I ous, stupid men wise and shaky men firm
is surely GREA T. And it is also
CjttflD
f*tr~. .«-'•-«■.., Circulars and testimo—
vnf^dß^ "hits about this rem-
Ht^^^^KH edy are sent freely to
all inquirers. And they
are given with pleasure to any one
who will call at the Institute and ask
for them. If you see copper-colored
spots on your body, if you have little
ulcers in your mouth— you probably
have a fcrm of blood taint. Write
and consult the doctors anyway. It
will only cost a postage stump.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS ST4.,
San Francisco.MERCY'S CROSS IN WAR.
IT is ever the fortune of war that
together the Angel of Death and
the Angel of Mercy hover above
the field of battle. Wounded men
are borne away to the ministra
tion of gentle hands. Benign emis
saries, the red cross upon their arms,
care for the suffering, soothe the dy
ing. Out of the clamor of combat
conies the tenderness of an unselfish
love. It is not for all to "go where
glory waits." Some there must be
who can only abide until the harvest
of desolation is over, and then lend
comfort to the suffering, assuage the
final pang, take the last message,
close the dying eye.
The annals of the civil war show
that where one man succumbed to an
injury received in action, seven died
of disease. Where men are in camp,
their diet perhaps coarse and ir
regular, scant protection against the
weather, subjected to the perils of
impure water and faulty conditions,
they die as no clash of arms has ever
oeen able to make them die. Disease
is the foe to be feared. The miasma
which floats on the mists of the
night, the sun which burns, the frost
that chills — these are the enemies
which spare none. Yet the victim of
malady is as truly a martyr as the
victim of the bullet or the shell.
Medical attention and nursing are
as necessary for the fever patient as
for the soldier who falls in conflict.
There should be a sanitary com
mission formed at once. When the
Gallant First marched away yester
day every loyal spectator felt that
the boys in blue were personal
iriends. Women wept for sympathy;
THE GREAT EXAMPLE.
There may be no war. I hope so and half believe It: but if there Is to be
a war, patriotism, i.nnor and humanity alike suggest that good citizens
I do all they ran to relieve its horrors and sufferings. What form
relief Bhould take it Is impossible now to say, but the United States
Sanitary Commission, organized in the time of the Civil War, Is our great
example. If the crisis comes let a company of well-known citizens take
•■': together and project a scheme of organization, and on their advice
let a great public meeting be called to carry out and perfect the organi
zation and report the readiness of the people to meet the wants of those
suffering in hospital and on the field.
HORATIO STEBBINS.
VOICE OF THE CHURCH.
I am decidedly In favor of organizing a sanitary commission. If the hope
of the American people be fulfilled, and the war come to a speedy end, so
much the better. Hut if war be prolonged. I deem it not only advisable but
a necessity that we should be prepared. The Spaniards are a brave and
loua people, and this fact, together with the effect of the climate of
Cuba, so fatal during the rainy season to the stranger, will bring about a
mortality among our soldiers.
The commission should be formed on the lines of the one that did such
good work during the Civil War. I regret to say that, In my opinion, war
with Spain is certain. It is our duty now to face and to make the best of the
Inevitable. JOHN J. PRENDEKGAST.
men were silent because they could
not trust themselves to speak. All
•wanted to do something to Bhow that
the soldiers were not bearing the
burden alone, and that the yearning
to help them was not the impulse of
a passing moment. It was out of this
feeling there has sprung the plan
of organizing a sanitary commission.
What will be the duties of 6uch a
Dody? A sanitary commission would
attend to sending trained nurses to
the scene of war. It would embrace
doctors whose duty would be the in
struction of these nurses. A sanitary
commission would raise funds for the
supplying of medicines, lint, band
ages, dainties. It would do all in its
power to succor the wounded. It
would provide brave and tender
women for the field and the hospital.
It would give to them the shield of
the red cross, a shield which affords
Bofe protection against all but the
Bavage. It would by its humane ef
forts keep burning the spirit of pa
triotism. It would tend to rob war of
a portion of its horror. It would af
ford to those anxious to do something
for their country and yet not per
mitted to bear arms the opportunity.
It would be a lesson to youth, keep
ing alive the spirit of devotion to the
commonweal, and showing them that
the soldier is not a mere fighting
machine, but a part of the nation he
serves so well.
THE PAULIST FATHERS READY.
About the organization of a sani
tary commission there should be no
I delay. The time is now, before the
regiments bound south shall have
I met the hosts of Spain. Let the boys
! go into their first action inspired by
i the thought that the civilians for
whom they risk life have not for
gotten them, but are doing all that
is possible for their comfort. In this
matter there can be no sectarian
: line drawn, nor impulse to draw it.
It is a work for churches, for fra
ternal societies, for philanthropic in
dividuals, rich or poor; a noble work,
:in which all may join. During the
! civil war there was such a commis
j sion. It originated in California and
grew to embrace every State in the
Union. The commission for the pres
ent war will originate here, and it
i will grow as fast and perhaps to a
I greater perfection than the former
I one. The only step to be taken is the
; formulation of a unity of purpose.
The rest will follow quickly and nat
urally.
There can be no occasion for an
appeal. The circumstances make the
appeal. The army is gathering in
the South. It expects to fight. For
an army to fight an army
means mutilation, shattered limbs,
agony, death. Every nurse there
will be a blessing. There could
be no stronger appeal than this.
Women are volunteering to go.
There is no method by which their
fitness may be pronounced upon, no
way of getting them to the post of
duty. A commission duly organized
would attend to these details. Let it
be started while the flowers given
the First Infantry as it started off
are still unwithered, still redolent of
California perfume. It is a tribute
owed to the soldier. And who can
tell who yet may be a soldier before
this war shall be over? A mother
may be working unconsciously to
ease the pain of her son. A nurse of
fering her unselfish services may
place water to the pallid lips of her
next of kin.
THE RED CROSS.
Civilized Nations All Re
spect the Embtem of
Mercy.
By Lieutenant-Colonel Leonard B. Almy,
Medical Director Connecticut N. G.
It is but a few years ago, less than a
generation, since the "Treaty of Ge
neva" relegated to the dark ages the
treatment of wounded men and their
necessary attendants as "prisoners of
war." The oldor members of this as
sociation have, many of them, doubt
lr-ss suffered imprisonment and priva
tions when captured in the discharge
of their duties during "the late un
pleasantness."
At that time the order detailing a
surgeon to remain with the wounded
carried with it a very differont proba
ble condition of affairs than if the
same order were given to-day among
any of the civilized and some of the so
called uncivilized nations of the world.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
Thar.ks to that treaty the medical of
ficers and men can now do their work
upon the battlefield with the satisfac
tion of knowing that friend and foe
alike recognize the fact that to the
wearers of the "Red Cross" are given
privileges which are accorded to no
other body of men on the field, and
that no prospect of imprisonment stares
them in the face. Th. .. rights of the
medical department on the battlefield
are matters of international treaty
among thirty-four of the nations of the
world, and even the "red crescent."
among those who will not wear the
cross, claims protection in the same
way.
The treaty which gives us this im
munity while in discharge of our duty
Is phrased as follows:
Articles of the convention for the
EVERY ONE MAY HELP.
Those Left Behind Can Be of Service in the
Before the last strain of "Marching Through Georgia" had died away
yesterday afternoon, before the excited crowd on Market street had dis
persed, before the last stern-faoed, blue-coated soldier had stepped aboard
the ferry-boat, San Francisco was making plans for the future of these men
of ours who have gone to the front.
The first proposal for a sanitary commission comes from San Francisco.
"We've bid you good-by." she says to the d. -parting soldiers. "Our
children have smiled for you, our women have wept for you, our men have
cheered for you. Now, all together, men, women and children, we'll work
for you."
That San Francisco is keeping her word any one would have realized
who went about the city as I did yesterday. Verily, she hath dried her tears
and rolled up her sleeves. There is other and worthier work to be done than
to sit and mourn.
"Men must work and women must weep." Tes, but fortunately women can
do something else besides weep, nowadays.
"Wait till the sanitary commission is once organized," said a bright-faced
leader of society, who was seated in her pretty morning-room; "then you'll
see that though we women can't fight, we can work to make those who do
fight happier and healthier."
"If the sanitary commission Is formed— and I think It should be formed
immediately." said gentle-voiced Father Wyma.n, in the Paullst Fathers'
bare, severe reception-room, "and If I am Invited to be a member, I shall
feel It my duty to accept."
This is the feeling all over the city. People who differ most In belief, In
manner of speech, in ways of living, are united for once. There is one re
ligion that Is sacred to all the world; there Is a common ground on which
every soul in this most cosmopolitan of cities may meet. There is a pass
word that's known to everybody, an open sesame to every heart. And that
word is— Humanity.
It Is the religion of humanity that America's first sanitary commission
to be formed since the Civil War teaches. California was first in the estab
lishment of the original sanitary commission. She is first again now that
another generation of Americans is to know what war means.
All over the State women are volunteering to nurse the sick when war
shall be declared. Whose business is It to receive such offers, to examine
into them, to accept or reject tHem and to send on to the front the warm
hearted, skillful-handed Sister of Mercy?
As the certainty of war becomes apparent to even the most skeptical,
supplies of all kinds will come from those who arc left behind for those who
have gone ahead— perhaps never to return. Who will receive those supplies
and distribute them?
As hospitals are established and the great Reaper begins to sweep the
field with his mutilating scythe all sorts of surgical appliances and quanti
ties of material for bandaging will be required. Whose place is it to classify
and forward these things?
The sanitary commission's, of course— that great, non-sectarian repre
sentative of all that is best in the world, the other side of the bloody war
shield.
The West Intends to be first in this work. Whatever surprise the Span
lards may contemplate, when they hint of the first naval battle, whatever
Uncle Sam's hidden plans may be, the first blood shed In this war will find
California ready to care for the men who shall revenge the death of the
Maine's crew.
People of every denomination, of all ages, of both sexes, received The
Call's suggestion yesterday with enthusiasm. That those men who are
fighting for us shall not suffer one pang unnecessarily, this is the watchword
of San Francisco to-day.
For one soldier who dies on the field of battle there are seven who perish
for lack of proper medical treatment and nursing afterward. Of the million
men the United States lost in the Civil War £75,000 might have been saved.
The God of War Is not so cruel as are the Inexorable laws of nature.
The men of the First Infantry who marched down Van Ness avenue
yesterday, too devoted to discipline, too conscious of the stern solemnity of
war to relax for a moment and smile back at the thousands of fresh young
faces and ea?er youthful voices cabling hail and farewell, are but a type
nf those who, all over the Union, are hurrying on toward that terrible
island where the deadly twins— battle and fever— wa.it. These men are but
doing their duty. Let us do ours.
If the old savage something that lurks in us all leaps to life in you at
the thought of war once again; if your heart and your pride have been
touched by the sufferings of Cuba and the loss of the Maine, here's an out
let for your patriotism. Join the sanitary commission.
If you don't believe in war, If you can't be convinced of the necessity
of that most Illogical of arguir 1 "' : -"tcarious suffering; if you're unable to
see the necessity of C killiiiß D b«c« ise A killed B, your very eppo ition
qualifies you. Join the sanltarj c i.ssion and do what you can to make
some soldier's fever-maddened rouch fresher, softer. Do what you can to
make some hero's deathbed easier.
If you belonged to the old commission of the '60's, help us with your ad
vice, your experience. If you're new to war and its terrors, join with us to
lessen these by the might of sympathy, of charity, of humanity.
That the old proportion of 7 to 1 shall be altered is California's deter
mination. With modern appliances, with advanced surgery, with that angel
of the sickroom, the trained nurse, and thousands of other women ready to
don the glorious regalia of cap and apron, humbly to serve their appren
ticeship beside their hospital-trained sisters, the horrors of this war, which
the whole civilized world dreads, must be mitigated. Against all the awful
instruments of war that nineteenth century ingenuity has devised we must
oppose the hygienic and surgical science experience has taught us.
War Is terribly near— so near that even those who refused to believe it
possible, whose experience of a third of a century of peace disqualified
them from realizing such a possibility, have lost all hope of a peaceable
solution.
If it must come, let it find us ready. MIRIAM MICHELSON.
amelioration of the condition of the
wounded in armies in the field. — Signed
at Geneva on the 22d of August, 1564:
Article I—Ambulances1 — Ambulances (field hospi
tals) and military hospitals shall be
acknowledged to be neutral; and, as
such, shall be protected and respected
by belligerents so long as any sick or
wounded may be therein. Such neu
trality shall cease, if the ambulances
or hospitals shall be held by a military
force.
Article 2 — Persons employed In hospi
tals and ambulances, comprising the
staff for superintendence, medical ser
vice, administration, transport of the
wounded, as well as chaplains, shaU
participate in the benefit of neutrality
while so employed, and so long as
there remain any wounded to bring in
or to succor.
Article 3— The persons designated in
the preceding article may, even after
occupation by the enemy, continue to
fulfill their duties in the hospital or
ambulance which they serve, or may
withdraw to join the corp3 to which
they belong. Under such circumstances,
when these persons shall cease from
these functions, they shall be deliv
ered by the occupying army to the out
posts of the enemy. They shall havo
the special right of sending a repre-
War,
sentative to the headquarters of their
respective armies.
Article 4— As the equipment of mili
tary hospitals remains subject to the
laws of war, persons attached to such
hospitals cannot, in withdrawing, carry
away articles which are not their priv
ate property. Under the same circum
stances an ambulance shall, on the con
trary, retain its equipment.
Article s—lnhabitants5 — Inhabitants of the country
who may bring help to the wounded
shall be respected and remain free. The
generals of the belligerent powers shaU
make it their care to inform the inhab
itants of this appeal addressed to their,
humanity, and of the neutrality which
will be the consequence of it. An>
wounded man entertained and taken
care of in a hous^ shall be considered
as a protection thereto. Any inhabi
tant who shall have entertained
wounded men in his house shall be ex
empted from the quartering of troops,
as well as from the contributions or
war which may be imposed.
Article 6— Wounded or sick soldiers,
whatever their nationality, shall be
cared for. Commanders-in-chief shall
have the power to deliver Immediately
to the outposts of the enemy soldiers
who have been wounded in an engage,
ment, when circumstances permit this
to be done, with the consent of both
parties. Those who are recognized as
incapable of serving, after they are
healed, shall be sent back to their coun
try. The others may also be sent back
on condition of not again bearing arms
during the continuance of the wa».
Evacuations, together with the per
sons under whose direction they take
place, shall be protected by an absolute
neutrality.
Article 7— A distinctive and uniform
flag shall be adapted for hospitals, am
bulances and evacuated places. It must
on every occasion be accompanied by
the national flag. An arm badge —
brassard — shall be allowed for individ
uals neutralized, but the delivery of it
shall be left to military authority. The
flag and the arm badge shall bear a
red cross on a white ground.
Article B— The details of the execu
tion of the present convention shall be
regulated by the commanders -in-chief
of belligerent armies, according to the
instructions of their respective Govern
ments, and In conformity with the gen
eral principles laid down in this con
vention.
Article 9— The high contracting powers
have agreed to communicate rhe pres
eui convention to those governments
which have not found it convenient to
send plenipotentiaries to the interna
tional convention at Geneva, with an
invitation to accede thereto; the pro
tocol is for that purpose left open. ■
Article The present convention
shall be ratified and the ratification
shall, be exchanged at Bern^, in four
u.onlhs, or sooner if possible.
In witness hereof, the respective plen
ipotentiaries h«ve signed the SHmi and
have affixed thereto the seal of their
anus.
Dene at Gcr-eva, the 23d day of
August. 1864. .
GOOD WORK DONE.
Once California Performed
Heroic Red Cross
Work.
California performed noble work dur
ing the progress of the war of the re
bellion through the sanitary commis
sion. The people of the State responded
with their characteristic liberality to
the calls from the East. On May 17, 1864,
on the occasion of a municipal election
In San Francisco, when 10,916 votes
were cast, $4156 was contributed to the
sanitary fund. Fairs, picnics and en
tertainments were given, at which large
amounts of money were raised for the
same object. On May 18 a picnic was
held near Sacramento for the benefit of
the fund, and a hare which had been
shot on the grounds was put up at auc
tion and was sold repeatedly, each time
being donated back by the purchaser,
until $157 was realized. At an entertain
ment which succeeded the picnic In the
evening a sack of tlour, sold in like
manner, brought $2150. This sack of
flour had been first donated and put up
for salo for the benefit of the fund by,
R. C. Oridley. then a resident of Austin,'
Nevada, and it was carried by him to
the different cities and towns of Nevada
and ("alifornia and repeatedly sold at
auction, and) by the time it reached
Sacramento about $35,000 had been real-
CO-OPERATION NEEDED.
The possibility of war with Spain, the almost certainty of that fact, de
plorable as it is from the standpoint of humanity, suggests a series of
duties for the civilian as well as for the brave lads of the army and navy-
While the boys follow "Old Glory," the civilian at home has to strengthen
the defenses of the country in more than one direction.
The German-Austrian war of 1566 brought the worst type of cholera
that ever afflicted Europe. The fate of the wounded and the prisoners in
the army of the rebellion still recalls the saddest recollections. The remark
able devotion of the women of the North and South was barely equal to the
awful suffering caused by exposure and imperfect sanitation; since then
we have greatly progressed. The splendid equipment of the surgeon
general's office, the non-combatant attitude of the Red Cross service, im
proved surgical and medical skill, all these will tend to minimize the fatal
consequences of the war. and will aid the sanitation of camp life as well
as the saving of life in and out of baitle.
The army and navy, from the firing of the first gun, need the co-operation
of the women of the country. When the Spanish Cortes has refused to ac
cede to the terms of the President's ultimatum that same moment the
women of our country must organize. They know their duty. They have
learned from their mothers and grandmothers, of deathless memory, what
American women can do for soldier boys who march with "Uncle Sam" in
defense of "Old Glory." Upon the prompt action of our women the organi
zation of sanitary commissions may depend the minimizing of the awful '
consequences of war.
War is always terrible, but now that our country Is Involved, we have ■
no personal opinions. We follow the flag wherever it leads.
RABBI JACOB VOORSANGER.
ized from its repeated sales. Gridley |
died at Paradise City November 26, 1870, |
and his remains are buried at Stockton.
Years after his death a monument was
erected over them in respect for the
service he had rendered in our coun
try's dark hours.
A NOBLE WORK.
The Red Cross a Welcome
Angel of Mercy.
"It will be a great organization and
one that will be much needed to assist
in the care of the wounded and sick
should war be prolonged," said Dr.
John Gallwey, brigade surgeon, and
one of the officers of the Sanitary Corps
of the National Guard. "There is al
ways great need of nurses and hospi
tal attendants on the fields of battle
and had there been large organized
corps of nurses during the time of the
civil war there would not have been
near as many deaths or half the suf
fering. The treaty of Geneva gives
honor and respect to the Red Cross in
all civilized nations during warfare and
in all probability during the war that
is now upon the nation there will be
a great call for skilled nurses in the
field and it is a grand idea to com
mence as soon as it is possible to or
ganize and prepare to meet the emer
gency. California I am sure will re
spond with its- usual liberality and
should it be called upon it will do its
utmost in its humane work."
"To begin with there must be or
ganization. Then volunteers must be
called for and they must receive some
training as to the duties that will be
expected from them. As for the train
ing, there will be plenty of surgeons
and physicians who will gladly give
lectures and demonstrate what is to be
done to give aid to the wounded and
nurse the sick. I can say for all the
physicians of the Sanitary Corps of the
National Guard that every one of them
will do all that is possible to aid the
work. Good corps could and should be
organized in San Francisco, Stockton,
Sacramento, Fresno and Los Angeles,
and perhaps in several other of the
larger cities of the State. Men and
women will be needed for this service,
and it will be a noble calling on the
field of battle."
A GREAT HELP.
The Red Cross Can Take
Away Many of War's
Horrors.
Dr. William D. McCarthy, of the San
itary Corps of the National Guard of
California, is enthusiastic over the
proposition to establish a Red Cross
League in this State. "During war
times," he said, "every large city
should have a Red Cross Association,
which should co-operate with the sani
tary corps of the army and navy in the
field. This organization should be
placed in direct communication with
the Surgeon-General of the United
States army and of the United States
navy, so that an offer of assistance
may be promptly accepted in case of
need. The duty of the organization
should be to supplement the force of
nurses in case the proper strength of
the organized sanitary corps depart
ment in the field should be depleted by
death or sickness. It should also send
to the front practical nurses to assist
the military surgeons; to supply ban
dages and dressings of all sorts; proper
food for the sick and a thousand other
things that may ameliorate the suffer
ingß and miseries that were so often
pictured in the late civil war."
Ends Poverty With Poison.
SAN JOSE, April 20.— Mrs. Helen CaX-
j fery became despondent over financial
1 affairs to-day and committed suicide by
swallowing a large dose of carbolic acid.
She was about 40 years of age and had
been employed as a domestic. 'me
: woman had just been served with papers
| In a suit brought to collect a bill for $40.
GRANT'S GRANDSON
AND LEE'S NEPHEW
They Are to Fight Side by Side in
the Coming War Against
Spain.
NEW YORK, April 20.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Gen
eral U. S. grant's grandson and Gen
eral Robert E. Lee's nepliew are to
fight side by side in the war against
Spain. Algernon Sartoris, a young son
of Mrs. Nellie Grant Sartoris. who has
just become of age, has applied for and
will be assigned to a position on the
staff of General Fitzhugh Lee, who is
to command a division in the volunteer
army. The former dashing officer of
the Confederate cavalry, who did so
much to prolong the final campaign
against Gr*nt, and who begged his
uncle at Appomattox to allow him to
fight just one more day, will have on
his staff the grandson of the great
Federal general to whom he and his
uncle were compelled to surrender. The
representative of the youngest genera
tion of the fighting Lee family may re
ceive his baptism of fire in Spanish
waters. George Mason Lee, son of Gen
eral Fitzhugh Lee. is now completing
his first year in West Point Military'
Academy. He has written to his father
asking permission to resign his cadet
ship and enter service at once as a
volunteer lieutenant. General Lee has
not yet given his consent, but he may
allow the boy to resign and take him
as an aid on his staff. The general Is
being almost overwhelmed with appli
cations for staff duty. They com? from
North and South. Men who wore gray
and fought with L,ee and men who wore
| blue and fouerht aerainst mm are seek
ing an opportunity for themselves, their
relatives or friends to follow the great
cavalry leader of the Army of Northern
Virginia in this war of a reunited coun
try against a foreign foe.
HURRIES OFF
FOR CANADA
Spanish Minister Bernabe
Loses No Time in
Leaving.
Guarded by Detectives While
Departing From the Na
tion's Capital.
But No On« Shows Any Disposition
to Harm the Fleeing Diplo
mat of Madrid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, April 20.
The Spanish Minister, accompanied
by six members of his staff, left Wash
ington at 7:30 o'clock to-night, and the
Spanish Government thus terminated
its diplomatic representation in the
United States. The Minister and his
party left by the Pennsylvania road,
going northward to Buffalo and Sus
pension Bridge, and thence to To
ronto. By 10:40 to-morrow morning the
Spanish officials will be on British soil.
They will stop for a day or two on the
Canadian side of Suspension Bridge
and will then spend some days at To
ronto. From there they go to Halifax
to take an ocean steamer. While the
Minister is on this side of the border
he has the protection of the passports
issued late this afternoon by the State
Department at his request, following
the delivery of a copy of the President's
ultimatum to Spain.
The departure of the Spanish party
was made without noticeable demon
stration, and, although a considerable
number of secret service officers and
police were on duty at the depot, there
was at no time any occasion for their
dome,- more than keeping back a crowd
of curious onlookers.
At 6 o'clock this evening Senor Polo
de Bernabe made a hurried call at the
French Embassy and the Austrian le
gation, where Spanish interests are left
in charge, and then joined his staff at
the legation and started for the train.
An express wagon was piled high with
the trunks of the large party. Just be
fore the departure from the legation
the Austrian Minister, Baron Hengel-
Muller and Baroness Hengel-Muher,
dropped in for a last word, and several
other members of the diplomatic corps
called to make their final adieus.
This done, the legation was vacated
and the party assembled at the Penn
sylvania depot. As the Minister en
tered the station he was recognized by
the crowd, which closed in about him
until cautioned by the officers.
No word of indignity was spoken, and
the salutations of those in the crowd
were rather agreeable than otherwise.
He smiled in acknowledgment of the
attention given him and several times
touched his hat. He wore a brown
tweed suit and a soft felt traveling hat.
Following him came Senor Pablo Solar,
first secretary of the legation; Senor
Aquaraoni, second secretary; Senors
Pla and Almieda, attaches; Captain de
la Casa, military attache, and Lieuten
ant de Carantha, naval attache. Senors
Dubosc and Galarza did not accompany
the party, as they will remain until to
morrow, in an unofficial capacity.
At the train platform the Minister
was greeted by Viscount de Santo-
Thryso, the Portuguese Minister, and
Calderon Carlisle, an acquaintance for
the last twenty-five years, and coun
sel for the legation. The party board
ed the Pullman sleeper Japan, which
had been taken entire. Secret service
men remained at the platform to pre
vent intrusion and half a duzen police
officers were grouped outside. At no
time, however, were their services re
quired. The Minister stood on the front
platform and had a few parting words
with his friends. He spoke feelingly of
his departure, saying the circumstances
were most painful to him. One of his
intimates ventured the suggestion that
he would be back soon again, unde?
much more favorable circumstances,
but he shook his head and said ha
feared this could not be the case. Ha
said his request for his passport had
been made only after the enactment of
a law which attacked Spain's sov
ereignty, Impugned her honor and in*
suited her.
Lieutenant de Carantha asked a cor*
respondent to make known the lieuten
ant's view on the war about to ba
opened. He said the Spanish people,
particularly members of the army and
navy, had always entertained the most
cordial feeling toward America, anc}
Spanish ships had found it a pleasurf
to salute ships of the American navjs
Now. however, a war was being pre
cipitated by an attack upcn Spanish
honor, and p.gainst this every spark o<
Spanish loyalty would be aroused.
"It is no longer a question of re-,
taining Cuba," said Lieutenant de Car-,
antha. "That was merely a question
of territory. Now a higher purpose
is in view — the honor and dignity of
Spain — since the United States has con
temptuously ordered Spain to vacate
Cuba and has made the infamou*
charge that we are responsible for tha
murder of the poor men of the Maine.
These orders and charges are made
with a kick of the boot, and against
such action Spain will resist to the ut
termost.
"There should he no mistake about
this. History has recorded that even
the legions of Napoleon, with 400,000
men, bearing the triumphs of all
Europe, were halted and retired from
Spain, after those legions had lost be
tween 200.000 and 300,000 men. We
recognize the gallantry of the Ameri
can navy and the notable heroes of its
past — Paul Jones, Farragut, Porter —
but Spain, too, has h»r heroes, and
their blood is in the veins of those now
called upon to defend her honor. I
speak after recently talking with my
naval associates, commanders of Span
ish ships and of torpedo-boats, and I
know that there is but one sentiment,
namely, that not one Spanish ship
shall be taken. Your navy may send
many of them to the bottom: superior
forces may seek to annihilate them, but
not one Spanish ship ■>■•*'' surrender to
the American navy. "With honor at
stake, that will be the response of the
navy of Spain."
TROOPS ARE POURING
INTO CHATTANOOGA.
Western Warriors Showered With
Flowers by Daughters of
the South.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 20.—
Cavalry and artillery from all parts of
the country poured into Chattanooga
to-day. Major-General John J\. Brooke
and his staff of the department of ths
lakes arrived from Chicago to-day to
assume command at the Chickamauga
camping ground.
Following close upon General
Brooke's arrival came the first section
of the train carrying two squadrons of
the Third Cavalry from Jefferson Bar
racks, Mo., in command of Majors Wes
sel and Loud, with their horses, wag
ons and camp outfits.
It was not until 5 p. m., however, that
the thousands who had gathered in the
union station and in the railroad yards
had a chance to give vent to the»r en
thusiasm.
When the second section came in
with ten coaches filled with brawny
blue-coated warriors from the West
cheer after cheer went up from the
crowds. The soldiers cheered in return,
while a bugler on the platform of the
front coach sounded the call to arms,
and as the train slowly pulled into the
depot the outstretched hands of the
troops were filled with flowers by
pretty Southern girls.
Far into the night companies of cav
alry kept coming in, four trainloads of
troops from Fort Myer, with their
horses and accoutrements, arriving at
intervals of about an hour. Besides
these, two trains with troops from
Forts Porter and Niagara, N. C, passed
through Chattanooga early in the
evening, on their way to Tampa, Fla.
WYOMING OPENS
ITS PASTURAGE
California Stock to Be Admitted
When Passed by the
Inspectors.
Quarantine Laws of the State Modi
fied to Aid Drought-Stricken
Sections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. April 20.— The following
order modifying quarantine regulations
for the State of Wyoming- was received at
the office of Governor Budd to-day:
CHEYENNE, AVyo., April 14.
On account of the emergency arising from
drought in the quarantined area of California,
and the necessity of allowing cattle to be re
moved from t'r>at State, the quarantine regula
tions for Wyoming, established by proclama
tion dated March 11. IS9B, are hereby modified
to the extent of allowing cattle to be brought
Into or through the State of Wyoming- in ac
cordance with the provisions of the special or
der of the Department of Agriculture, dated
March 20, 1898. <R A. I. Order No. IS.)
Cattle brought from California Into Wyoming
to be held In pasture or upon the open ranges
will be subject to inspection at the first point
within the State where suitable facilities for
a proper inspection are provided, unless said
cattle have been previously inspected at the
point where List unloads! hefore entering the
State, which will be done upon application to
tbe State Veterinarian.
To d?fray the expense incident to such In
spection a fee of 114 cents pnr head will b«
charged, payable before certificates of inspec
tion will be Issued.
WI--.IAM A. RICHARDS.
By the Governor: C. W. HINDICK, tffen
tary of State.
Want Union Island Flooded.
STOCKTON, April 20.— A petition is
being circulated among the land-owners
on Union Island looking to the flooding of
the entire island immediately. It is said
that not more than 500 acres of grain on
the Island can be cut, and it is thought
best to sacrifice this for the general good
during next season. The petition has just
been started. All who sign it relinquish
their right to whatever grain they have
growing now.
56
THURSDAY APRIL 31, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKEJManager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1&74.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE... Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROUNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open UQtll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger In New York =
Columbia— "Delmoulco's at 6 ."
California— ltalian Opera.
Alcazar— "The Strangre Adventures of Miss Brown-"
Morosco's— "The Diamond Breaker. "
Tlvoli— "Sinbad the Sailor."
Tlvoli— Concert this afternoon,
-^ Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush-etreet Theater— "7-?O8," to-niffht. Benefit of the Maria
Kip Orphanag-e.
Y. M. C. A. Hall-"The Passion Play."
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Review aud Drill, to-morrow ulg-ht.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing boating-, fishing-, every Sunday,
Pacinc Coast Jockey Cluo, Ingrleside— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By V. E. Clark-This day, April 21, Turkish Ruga, at 10ti
Grant avenu« at .' o'clock.
•■o. BIB I Frank w - Butterfleld-Thls day, April 21. Groceries at
12T5 Folsom street, at 10 o'clock.
By Sullivan Jc Doyle— Friday, April 22, Horses, at '.'2O Valencia
By Yon Rheln A Co.— Thursday, April 2S, Real Estate, at t>36
Market street, at 12 o'clock.
FAREWELL TO ThjE FIRST.
THE march of the First Infantry yesterday was
a farewell of which the soldiers might well have
been proud. Doubtless it sent them toward the
front with a new idea of the place they hold in popu
lar esteem, with their hearts touched and the farewell
robbed of its bitterness. Along the line as they
passed thousands of banners waved, thousands of
children shrilled their enthusiasm, and men and
women stood voiceless, their eyes filled with unbid
den mist. They loved the men who tramped by, per
haps never to return. They looked upon them as
representing the honor of the flag, the dignity of
the Government, the certainty that no foe could
menace the public safety and go unscathed.
It is difficult to define with exactness the emotions
of which the display of flags and flowers was in token.
It is not just easy to understand why women shed
tears and why some of them could not resist the im
pulse to rush into the street and strew wreaths in the
path of the soldiers. Yet such were the impulses
stirring the throng, and it is good that it was so. It
renews faith in patriotism, the heritage of a people
who fought for their own liberty, a feeling the pes
simist has said was dead.
And the men, they deported themselves as be
came those who faced the certainty of peril, the pos
sibility of death. Steady, erect, grave-faced, they
kept time to the music every note of which carried
them nearer to danger and perhaps to death. It may
befall that the First shall stand guard in far away
Cuba, threatened there by armed foe and by the
more deadly miasma of the tropic swamp. At such a
time they can look back to the city which with tears
and cheers bade them godspeed and know that here
multitudes who never spoke to them, who only saw
them as they went by to war. hold them in tender
memory, will follow them with their prayers, and
some day, it may be, welcome them joyously home
again.
MR. BRYON AS THE FINOL CAUSE.
PUBLIC interest in teleology is aroused in the
South by a discussion of Mr. William J. Bryan's
place in the universe and his part in what
theologians call "the scheme of salvation."
The Memphis Appeal seems to doubt Mr. Bryan
as a final cause. It says:
"When the Governor of Mississippi stated that
William J. Bryan was the greatest man that had ap
peared on earth since the death of Jesus Christ he
made a statement which is hardly tenable. Some
people will be surprised that the Governor made any
exception at all; while others, pondering upon the
fact that such men as St. Paul. Dante, Shakespeare.
Goethe, Napoleon. Washington. Jefferson, Clay, Cal
houn, Webster. Bismarck, Gladstone, Pitt. Fox,' Lin
coln, Lee and Stonewall Jackson have lived 'since
the time of Christ, will be surprised that any sober
man should have made such a silly statement at all.
Mr. Bryan is a young man of fine oratorical gifts,
who made a remarkable canvass for President and
was defeated, and it in no way detracts from our ap
preciation of his character or his talents to deny
that he is divine."
The Appeal treads lightly. One admires the cau
tion of the statement that the Governor's position is
"hardly tenable," though there is a gradual vertebral
stiffening up to the expression of a doubt of Mr.
Bryan"s divinity. It is evident that the Appeal feels
that denial of the Governor's declaration may be
taken as treason to 16 to i. This fear is shown by
his holding St. Paul and sixteen other gentlemen be
tween himself and expulsion from the silver party,
just as Russell Sage held a clerk between himself and
the dynamite bomb which was exploded against him
as collateral for a loan.
Whenever it is admitted that Mr. Bryan is merely
"a young man of fine oratorical gifts" we may ex
pect a return to reason on the part of his devotees.
Tint admission brings him out of the clouds and
enters him in the vocal class along with Billy Mason.
Senator Stewart and Perspiration Allen, also of
Nebraska.
Mr. F.banks, who killed two people, will have to
harfe, which is proper, but to bring him to this pass
required the highest court in the Jand. notwithstand
ing there was no question of his guilt, but only as
to whether the requisite amount of red tape had been
expended in demonstrating it.
Citizens of Huntington, Or., think they saw "vic
tory's sign in the skies." Oregon whisky and a me
teoric shower constitute a peculiar blend.
POWERS OF THE SUPERVISORS.
A DISCUSSION of the proposed new charter
will be incomplete without some attention is
given to the power of the Supervisors. The
organ of the charter declares that the Freeholders
have completely reformed these historical corrup
tiorists by taking from them some of their executive
and legislative functions. Under the proposed in
strument the Supervisors will no longer directly par
ticipate in appointments to office. This function will
be exercised exclusively by the Mayor. Nor will
they be any longer empowered to grant special privi
leges to corporations.
We do not know but it is a good idea to clip the
wings of the Supervisors. Certainly if a system of
legislation ever grew up anywhere which deserved
the attention of a ruthless reformer it is the system
which prevails in this city. Under the tutelage of the
corporations, the political bosses and the spoilsmen,
the legislative arm of our government has earned the
disrespect of all intelligent people. No attention is
paid to its opinions, its laws are treated with con
tempt by the courts, and its public fulminations are
usually met with jeers. The principal subjects to
which its members have devoted their attention for
several years is selling franchises and special privi
leges, and ham-stringing corporations which are so
unfortunate as to fall into its clutches.
Surely a Board of Freeholders engaged in making
a charter cannot be censured for dealing such a sys
tem deadly blows. But why, in giving the bodkin
to the Supervisors, should the charter-makers have
placed a sword in the hands of the Mayor? Not
only have they lodged the -appointment of all the ad
ministrative bureaus of the government in the hands
of the Mayor without check — thus making it easy
for the corruptionists by electing one man instead of
twelve to capture the city — but they have created a
monopoly in street railway franchises which the
Mayor could not, even were he so disposed, over
turn.
The plan for granting street railway franchises
adopted by the charter-makers fixes the present
monopoly in street railway transportation. No one
but a four or five times millionaire could ever secure
a competitive privilege from the Supervisors under
the system proposed. The merest tyro in the law
may readily understand this by reading sections 6 and
7 of chapter 2, article I, of the proposed charter.
Under the instrument the Board of Supervisors will
have no real power. Even its ordinances may be
vetoed by the people. Perhaps this is well. A board
which deserves so little from history should not be
given much. But how about the powers lodged in the
Mayor? Will not one man abuse them more than
many? Is not municipal government after all, like
most other human institutions, a matter of character
and not of system? Had our people always been
careful to elect good men to the offices of Super
visor would the charter-makers have treated the
board with the contumely now apparent? There is
no principle of government under this shifting of
abuses. Instead of stripping the Supervisors of all
power, why did not the Freeholders place checks
upon them and checks upon the Mayor and his
commissions, and thereby create antagonisms which
always prevent abuses in municipal government?
It seems to us that the plan proposed is a fire into
which we are invited to jump. The question is bound
to be, Are we not better off in the frying-pan?
THE BURDEN OF ISLAND COLONIES.
ITIE sore straits in which Spain finds herself are
the effect of a cause remote in her history.
Her weakness to-day is in what she founded in
her flood tide of power to be her strength. She
took domain by conquest and colonization, in pur
suance of manifest destiny, to plant her power and
its outposts all over the world. She has coaling
stations, naval stations, colonial capitals, and instead
of leaning upon them now for support, they are
crumbling under her and will let her fall. She must
guard her Mediterranean islands and those in the At
lantic and Pacific, divide her military and naval
strength and so weaken herself thereby as to expose
her home coasts to attack and her peninsular domain
to invasion. The United States are happily without
such necessity. Our navy can attack the ships of
Spain which police her islands and destroy them
fket after fleet. One cannot come to the help of an
other without leaving a vital point exposed. If any
thing can impress our people with the unwisdom of
the annexation of Hawaii, or any other extraconti
nental territory which requires a navy to defend it,
current events should be sufficient.
It is proved that we can not only defend our own
extensive coast line, but can project offensive war
against a neighboring enemy, using our own ports
as a base of supplies and military operations. Cuba
is to Spain what Hawaii would be to us. She has
fortified that island and treated it as a strong mili
tary base, but even if its people were not in rebellion
against her, its possession would divide her forces
and weaken her position.
Spain was once a first-class power, exceeding Eng
land or any of the maritime countries. Her scepter
was over distant domain, but the necessity of defend
ing her far-planted standard has sapped her colonial
revenues and brought her home finances to bank
ruptcy.
Her history is a strong argument against manifest
destiny, against dividing the planet between a few
strong powers. It is better to let the small nations
alone, and to let their people develop institutions
suited to their genius and the physical conditions in
which they are placed. Schemes of universal empire
spring out of this fever for annexation and absorp
tion of small autonomies, but such schemes have in
them the germs of dissolution.
The United States are just now illustrating to the
world the value of a homogeneous people, made one
by similarity of conditions, fitted by environment to
live under one system of equal laws, and if we are
wise we will refuse to build on to this scheme colo
nial and excrescent annexes, which must be adminis
tered under a policy different from that which suffices
for our continental possessions.
Cubans in New York announce that they are satis
fied. Surely they ought to be. They have been re
quired to -do no fighting, and now a greater power
takes up arms in their behalf, permitting them to re
main in the metropolis and there wage war to the
extent of a bottle of ink daily.
About as many thousand people as could con
veniently line the route from the Presidio to the
ferry yesterday put in a few hours remembering the
Maine.
When the attitude of the Carlists is considered!:
can fairly be said tha* Spain occupies a position be
tween the devil and the deep sea.
Torpedo boats may be terrible engines of war, but
the crews seem to be concerned generally in an effort
to keep the things afloat.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAT, APRIL 21, 1898.
AN AMERICAN PRESIDENT.
THERE has, since the open hostility of Spain,
particularly since the Maine went down, been a
tendency to find fault with Mr. McKinley. It
has found expression in statements that he had not
acted with decision, that he did not have a fui" grasp
of the American idea. It was forgotten for the mo
ment that upon the President rests a fearful respon
sibility, that to his acts at the time of crisis must be
ascribed his own place in history, and upon the in
tegrity of his purpose must rest the reputation of the
people who have chosen him to rule them.
It cannot be said now by any patriot that the Presi
dent has not acted wisely and well. He read the
will of the country in the dictum of Congress, and to
it he has bowed. While he was anxious to uphold
the dignity of the country, perhaps by a different
method, he has not permitted his personal beliefs to
cast a straw in the way of carrying out the popular
idea. If he would have given Spai;. more time, he
has declined to do so. He has sent an ultimatum
about which there is no shadow of uncertainty. He
has allowed Spain a reasonable time, no more, in
which to make answer. He has assumed that the er
ply will not be in the nature of a concession. The
praise of America will be his present reward. No
more could have been asked than he has done.
The precise terms of the ultimatum are not known
yet, but the intimations are all that it has no uncer
tain tenor. The Spanish flag must retire from Cuba.
This is the penalty of crime. The people have said it,
and their President has conveyed their verdict to
Madrid. Perhaps the Spanish excel us in diplomacy.
They cannot outdo us in directness of speech and
purpose. President McKinley has risen to the oc
casion, as his friends said, and his foes feared, he
would.
T UDGE MAGUIRE has now learned by the re
pj suits of the recent meeting of the Democratic
State Committee that if he had given less of his
time and attention to making single tax campaigns
in other States, and had devoted himself to his duties
in Congress and to the affairs of his party at home,
his energies would have been of more service to his
aspirations for the governorship. As it is, while he
has been fighting all over the country in advocacy of
a scheme to place all taxes on land holdings and
make the farmers bear all the burdens of the com
monwealth, his enemies have got possession of his
party, slaughtered his friends in their homes and
achieved a distinct triumph.
By reason of the clever move carried out by Mr.
Gould the single tax champion has been heavily han
dicapped in the contest for the gubernatorial nomina
tion. Representation in the State convention is to be
apportionedamong the countiesnot ori the basis of the
vote given for Budd, as should have been the case
in a State election, but on that given for Bryan. It
is well known that many stalwart Democrats voted
against Bryan, and many silver Republicans voted for
him. Consequently the Gould scheme throws down
the Democracy in some of its strongholds where
Maguire has friends, and increases the representation
from the silver fusion districts, where the single tax
is not popular. It is not exactly a knock-out blow
for Maguire, but it will stagger him.
The trick of Mr. Gould is too characteristic of
Democracy to occasion surprise. That party is es
sentially a party of opposition, of factions and of
kickers. All through the year it kicks against the
government of the nation, and it begins each' cam
paign by a faction kick against some of its own lead
ers. Never has there been i.. recent years an election
contest of any kind that did not open with a Demo
cratic row of some sort, and as a rule the earnest
ness with which the party was going to make the
campaign has been pretty accurately foreshadowed
by the keenness of the faction fight that began it.
According to the ordinary course of human nature
faction trickery in a party at the outset of a cam
paign would create dissensions that would weaken it
in the contest that followed. Democratic nature,
however, is not human nature. Democracy never
really gets its mad up until it has seen its own blood,
and it has to have a fight in the camp before it is
ready to fight outside. Judging the present out
look, therefore, by the experience of the past, the
knifing of Maguire by Gould is an evidence that the
Democrats will make a hard fight for victory this
year. There will be nothing in the way of a walk
over for any candidate the Republicans may put up,
no matter how great may be his personal strength.
The lesson of the situation is clear. The Demo
crats are already at work — knifing one lother, it
is true, but nevertheless at work, and it is time for
Republicans to be making ready. The task of party
organization should be pushed forward at once. Let
every loyal Republican enroll, himself as a member
of some active campaign club and be prepared to do
zealous work in the contest that is to come.
The resolution to have no fiesta at Los Angeles
this year is a graceful and generous surrender to cir
cumstances. These floral events have been most en
joyable, and of a large practical benefit in making
known the beauty and productiveness of Southern
California. Yet an occasion purely one of merri
ment would not accord well with a time when the
country is engaged in war. In another year, v/hen
the trouble shall be over, Los Angeles may with pro
priety have a bigger fiesta than ever, and we will all
take a week off and go.
Butcher Weyler predicts that to accomplish any
thing in Cuba Americans will have to land several
hundred thousand troops, that fever will kill half of
these, and the Spanish "will take care of the rest."
After having undergone these dire experiences, it is
not easily seen how the Americans will have accom
plished much beyond founding a series of cemeteries.
Possibly Weyler is as bad a prophet as he is a sol
dier.
Perhaps the practical Mr. Huntington, when he
said there was no reason to fight with Spain, had not
realized that the troops would be transported over
his lines, and that thousands of citizens would go to
watch them march away, each contributing 10 cents
to Mr. Huntington's street car line.
It may not be out of place to inquire if the Ala
meda pickpocket who explained that he stole a purse
for fun, and who got six months in jail, couldn't
have had more fun in some other way.
During Minister Bernabe's sojourn in this coun
try he has given evidence of being a gentleman, a
particularly notable contrast with the example fur
nished by his predecessor.
Knights of the Red Branch and League of the
Cross cadets are ready to enlist for war. In other
words, these organizations are made up of patriotic
American citizens.
It is a sort of comfort to know of one defaulting
official whose bondsmen are not of the straw variety.
DEMOCRACY AT WORK-
SPAIN'S CRIMES AGAINST AMERICA.
The Maine Affair Only One of a Long List Which Have
Not Been Avenged.
PART 11.
After the Lopez affairs all American
papers were excluded from Cuba, and
a rigid surveillance was exercised over
all correspondence from or to the is
land. In October, 1852, the United
States steamship Crescent City, from
New York to New Orleans, touched at
Havana. The captain-general had be
come incensed at certain paragraphs
that had appeared in the New York
papers relative to Cuban affairs, which
were charged to have been furnished
by William Smith, the purser of the
Crescent City. Notice was sent to
Lieutenant Porter, the commander of
the vessel, that the purser must not
attempt to land at Havana. Porter
replied that he knew of nothing that
would render Smith's presence on shore
necessary, but that If he had duties
which would call him Into the city he
would leave to the authorities the re
sponsibility of preventing his landing.
The purser did not go ashore and the
steamer proceeded to New Orleans. On
her return trip the vessel again touched
at Havana and letters were sent on
board and also on board the steamer
Black Warrior, warning the officers
that Smith could not land. Spanish po
lice officers were also sent on board
the Crescent City, evidently to watch
Smith's movements and to prevent his
landing. Lieutenant Porter at once in
formed those parties that if they were
on board to arrest any one answerable
to the Spanish authorities, or to pre
vent the embarkation of any person
belonging to Havana, the ship was
open to them, but if they were there
to watch the officers of the ship it
could not be permitted and they must
go ashore. They accordingly left.
Anticipating further trouble the lieu
tenant addressed a letter to the author
ities warning them against offering any
indignity to the American flag. The
vessel left the port without further
molestation. The next time when the
Crescent City visited Havana with the
mails, on her way to New Orleans, she
entered the harbor without molesta
tion. At sunrise the Captain of the
Port came alongside and asked whether
Smith was still on board, and being
answered In the affirmative, an order
was immediately given that the steam
er should have no communication what
ever with the shore. A cordo-n of boats
was stationed to watch the steamer
and enforce the execution of the order.
Lieutenant Porter requested permission
to communicate with the American
Consul, in order to present to the cap
tain-general through him a protest
against the treatment to which the
steamer was subjected. After a parley
on shure this request was denied for j
some time, but finally, after an inef- I
fectual effort to ascertain the contents
of the protest — Porter refusing to com
municate further on the subject ex
cept through the Consul, the latter offi
cer was permitted to come alongside
In a Government boat, in company with
the Captain of the Port, to whom the
protest was delivered. The American
Consul, however, was not permitted to
go on board the steamer, nor to write
home by her. On his assurance that
nothing could be done to change the
position of affairs, the Crescent City
proceeded to sea with the American
flag flying at her masthead. This inci
dent produced. In connection with other
acts that were regarded as insulting to
the United States Government, a deep
feeling of resentment, and for a time
it seemed as if serious trouble would
result. In commenting on the matter
the San Francisco Alta said:
"There are indications of hostilities
to come between the United States and
Spain. Since the famous filibustering
expeditions to Cuba the Spanish au
thorities, both in Cuba and elsewhere,
have manifested a disposition to take
advantage of the leniency and Justice
of our Government, and have done
things which they would never have
dared to think of doing had not the
United States Government disclaimed
the action of the filibusters. The Span
iards seem to mistake justice for weak
ness on our part, and upon this false
hypothesis have made demonstrations
against our vessels and people which
they will have occasion to repent ere
long. Spain should bear In mind that,
while the magnanimity and conscious
power of the United States induce our
Government to bear with her presump
tuous impertinence, and prompts a de
gree of leniency that would not be
shown to a more powerful nation, we
are under no obligation to overlook her
acts when they become really trouble
some to us. The madman may rave
and bluster at the thundering locomo
tive with impunity provided he keeps
out of the way, but if he at
tempts to check the career of
the subject of his abuse the
chances are he will «et. run over.
So with Spain. She may fulminate
as she will against the United States
without exciting the resentment or
even notice of the Americans, but when
she so far forgets herself as to inter
fere with our peaceful and lawful vo
cations she puts herself in a fair way
of trouble."
The Crescent City affair was ad
justed by Judge Conkling, who had
been appointed Minister to Mexico, and
who touched at Havana on his way to
Vera Cruz, and had a conference with
the captain-general at the request of
our Government. Purser Smith made
an affidavit denying that he had ever
written or published anything injuri
ous to the interests of Spain in Cuba,
and that was accepted as satisfactory.
Spain, however, continued to annoy
American merchant vessels, and the
taking of the steamer Black Warrior
by the Cuban Custom-house officers
was an incident that occurred during
the administration of President Pierce
that threatened to lead to hostilities.
In May, 1854, the Warrior stopped at
Havana on her way from New Orleans
to New York. The port officers no
ticed that she had cotton on board, al
though her manifest certified that she
had no cargo, and- the cotton was de
clared confiscated on that account. The
owners of the steamer urged that it
was not usual for the manifest to men
tion cotton not shipped to Havana; that
ali vessels touching at that port had
uniformly made up their statement in
the same way, and that no objection
had been made before. If there was
an error in the manifest they asked
the usual privilege of twelve hours to
make the correction. This was per
emptorily refused, and the cargo de
clared confiscated. The captain of the
steamship thereupon hauled down the
United States flag and surrendered the
vessel to the local Government. Sen
ator John Slidell introduced a resolu
tion in Congress authorizing the Pres
ident to suspend the operation of the>
neutrality laws, so far as Spain was
concerned, whenever in his judgment
such a measure should be expedient.
The resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. On
the Ist of August a message was re
ceived from President Pierce by the
Senate stating that the formal demand
for indemnity, instead of having been
satisfied, had led to a justification en
the part of the Spanish Government of
the action of the Cuban authorities, and
that therefore the responsibility of the
acts was transferred to the Soar.ish
Government. Nothing hnd been done
to remove past grounds of complaint
or to afford any security for Justin*
and tranquillity In the future. Two
days later the Senate committee re
ported that full reparation for the past
and adequate guarantees for the fu
ture could alone satisfy the public, and
that they would not hesitate to re
commend the adoption of such pro
visional measures as would effectually
insure the observance of our rights and
the protection of our interests bu.t for
the fact that but four months would
elapse before the next session, and in
that brief interval they deemed ;t; t ad
visable to leave the matter in the
hands of the executive. At that time
Pierre Soule was our Minister at Mad
rid, and under instructions from the
President he endeavored to induce
Spain to cede Cuba to the United
States. At a conference of the Amer
ican Ministers to Spain, England acd j
France, held at Ostend In October, a
tender of 5120,000,000 was authorized to
be made for the purchase of Cuba. The
offer was declined by the Spanish Oov
ernment, which held that the sale of
Cuba would be a sale of the national
honor, and it was announced that the
supreme Government had decided on
the abolition of slavery in the island.
The matter there ended. The annual
message of the President of December
4, 1854, contained this brief allusion to
our affairs with Spain: "Internal agi
tation, assuming very nearly, the char
acter of political revolution, has re
cently convulsed Spain. The late Min
isters were violently expelled from
power, and men of very different views
in relation to its internal affairs hava
succeeded. Since this change there
has been no propitious opportunity to
resume and press negotiations for an
adjustment of serious questions of dif
ficulty between the Spanish Govern
ment and the United States." But the
President expressed the belief that the
new Ministry would be more favora
bly inclined to comply with our just
demands and make suitable arrange
ment for restoring harmony and pre
serving peace between the two coun
tries.
WINFIELD J. DAVIS.
REMEMBER THE MfllNE.
Boys in blue,
In your battles for the freedom of the "Island
in the eea,"
In your strife for simple justice and humanity
Thrice armed are you
Rut stronger still will your blows be iriven
Stronger still is the oath to heaven
To avenge the "Maine"
_ . In the blood of Spain.
stain yy ° U " ald 3 ° U tO Wipe out that
Remember the "Maine" boys, remember the
Maine. JrPSOX BRUSIE.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
W. W. Cassley of N.>w York is a guest
at the California.
H. M. La Rue, the railroad commission
er, Is at the Occidental.
James Waters, a prominent citizen of
Watsonville. is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Blngham of Fltts
burg are staying at the Palace.
S. F. Gill, a big: rancher of Salinas i 3
at the Occidental with his wife.
H. B. Maxson of the United States Sur
vey is at the Palace from Nevada,
J. D. Goldsmith, a wealthy merchant of
Grass Valley, is a guest at the Grand.
F. O. Mills of Coultervllle, with his wife
and family, is staying at the Occidental.
Thomas Scott, postmaster of Sacramen
to, is one of the late arrivals at the Grand.
Van Ruyskensied and G. Lutzen of
Brussels are both registered at the Pal
ace.
G. N. Crystal of Vacaville and E. P.
Riply of Chicago are both staying at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Henderson and daughter
are registered at the Occidental from
New York.
F. A. Hihn, the -Santa Cruz capitalist, is
a guest at the Occidental, where ha ar
rived last night.
J. F. Carrere, State Commissioner of In
sanity, is at the California from his home
in Los Angeles.
C. A. Hubbard, a capitalist of Kan?as
City, i.s at the California accompanied by
his wife and daughter.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks of the Fifth
Regiment, N. G. C, is registered at the
California from Petaluma.
00000000
ROUTED
WITH GREAT
LOSS.
00000000
O The recent de-
O parture of the
O regulars for the
O front has given
o occasion for
o many heartrend-
O ing- scenes, but it
is doubtful if any
occurred that were more replete with
pathos than the following:
Not long ago there arrived from the
East a lady of such exceedingly great
beauty that it was only equaled by her
wit, tact and personal magnetism. She
took apartments at one of the fashion
able downtown hotels, and it was not
long before she had beaux galore, among
whom was a young, handsome and gal
lant army officer stationed at the Pre
sidio. Now, this son of Mars has the
reputation of being a great heart-breaker
of about 500 stamp power, and that the
reputation is based on fact can be at
tested by the aching void in many a
snowy bosom where once a heart flut
tered until charmed from its nest by this
Adonis in stripes and gold lace.
Among his victims was a pretty debu
tante, who was also an intimate friend
of the fair visitor from the East. This
maiden thirsted for revenge, and, seeing
her opportunity, took me new arrival
into her confidence, with the result that
Mr. Lieutenant was taken down to the
hotel by Miss Debutante and introduced
to Miss Easterner. The scheme worked
to perfection. He, who had been accus
tomed to call and conquer, had at last
met his match and capitulated uncon
tlitionruly.
The affair progressed with remarkable
rapidity. The first call was succeeded by
a second, after an interval of three days
the third call came forty-eight hours
later, and the progression from flowers
to theater parties was so rapid that the
five years' bank accumulation began to
go like mist before the rising sun. At
last the end drew nigh. Rumors of war
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal is the great-
est of all the baking
powders in strength,
purity, healthfulness
! began to drift across the continent and
j stir the sleepy Presidio into unusual ac
i tivity. nnd finally fche orders came to
| march. Our lieutenant was in a dilemma.
i The call to duty was imperative and not
I to be avoided, and the girl only half won.
I What was he to do? Leave the matter
I in its present state and resume his woo
'" ing when the battle should have been
i fought and won? Never. There were still
i a few men left at home, and he could not
I afford to take chances. He decided to
stake his all on a sudden assault.
So, the day before leaving, he went
i down to the hotel, and, finding his lady
love at home, proceeded to declare him
self. She listened to him patiently until
he had finished. Then, turning to him,
i said: "Mr. Lieutenant, you do me a
i great honor, and were it not for three
1 things I might consider your offer. As it
i is, I am sorry to say it can never be."
"Tell me what the three things are,
i darling?" he implored. "Possibly I can
; see the way to remove them."
"A husband and two children," she re
! plied. "You see, when Miss Debutante
! introduced us she made the mistake of
! calling me Miss instead of Mrs. Good-by.
I hope " but she never finished the
i sentence. Her lover had fled.
Dr. F. H. Jenckes of Woonsocket. R. 1.,
is at the Palace, as are also M. G. Norton
and family of Wlnona, Minn.
Dr. A. J. Hermonn of Logansport, Ind.,
and E. Cummings and family of Boston,
are among the late arrivals at the Grand.
Mrs. Mary Robinson Wright, at ona
time correspondent of the New Torlj
World in Mexico, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Starr Dare, son of the Hon. John T.
Dare, has enlisted in Company E of thu
First Infantry, which left for the front
yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Beebe and daughter
of Stafford, Conn., and Mrs. R. L. Lea
of New York are among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Palace.
Mrs. Frederick Schwatka, widow of the
famous Arctic explorer, Lieutenant;
Schwatka. arrived in the city last nigh?
and went to the Palace.
W. M. Hunt, probably the beet-known
man on Catalina Island, is at the Grand.
He has come up to the city for a few
days to visit his son and granddaughter.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Strong of Terra
Haute, Ind., are at the Palace, whera
they arrived yesterday with a party bent
on sightseeing throughout the coast.
They will remain In the city several
days.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WATER WORKS— E. H. W., City. Th«
city and county of San Francisco through
its officers could not take the water
works away from the Spring Valley
Water Company. It would have to ac
quire them by purchase. If the city
owned its own water works they would
probably be placrd under pome board or
set of officers designated for the purpose.
RAILROAD SIGNALS— R. H. T., Hay
wards, Cal. Upon the system of the
Southern Pacific Railroad two long blasts
of the whistle, followed by two short
ones is a crossing signal; three long
blasts means that the train has broken
in two; five short blasts is a signal to
flagman to back and protect rear of
train; four long blasts is to call in the
flagman from north or south, and four
long blasts followed by one short one ia
to call in the flagman from east or west.
CARSON CITY COINS— G. 8., Angels,
Cal. The catalogue of those who deal in
old coins fall to show that they desire to
purchase coins issued out of the Carson
City Mint, nor do they offer any prem
ium for them. The dealers' selling prices
are as follows for coins from that mint:
Forty cents for dimes of 1871, '75 and '78:
$1 for 20-cent pieces of 1875 and 1876; 8a
cents for quarters of I*7o and 1871; $1 for
those of 1>72 and 1*77; i 5 cents for those
of 1*75 and IS. B, and 60 cents for those
of IS7G; $1 25 for halves of 1870, '71, '72 and
'77; $1 for those of 1873, '7-f and '76; $3 for
dollars of 1878, '71. '72. '73; $2 25 for those
of ISS9 and 1890; $2 Z'i for trade dollars of
1>74. '75" 7(5; $:S 50 for those of 1577, and
$2 25 for those of IS,^. No premium is
ottered for a half dollar of 1872 nor for
quarters of 1854, '57. '59 and '61.
EXTRADITION TREATY — Lucius,
California. The following crimes are
named in the extradition treaty between
the United States and Great Britain and
included in the parliamentary act of the
Dominion of Canada: Attempt and con
spiracy to murder; manslaugnter; coun
terfeiting and altering money or utter
ing what is counterfeited or altered; forg
ery, embezzlement and larceny; obtaining
money or goods by false pretenses;
crimes by a bankrupt against the bank
ruptcy act; rape;, abduction; child-steal
ing; kidnaping; burglary; housebreaking;
shopbreaking; piracy on the high seas or
great lakes of North America; assault on
shipboard with intent to destroy life, or
do serious bodily injury on the high
seas or great lakes; revolt or conspiracy
by two or more persons on board of a,
ship on the high seas or great lakes.
CaJ. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special 1-iformation supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Some men would be more independent It
they recognized their wives as bellieerent.
Before the fall man use to be able to
keep the flies off his neck by wagging his
ears.
A woman will never believe anything
very bad about a man she has once Been
wiping his eyes at a pathetic play.
No man is ready to get married until h«
doesn't care how many times a week ha
has the same kind of meat for dinner.
No woman ever really knows her hus
band till she has heard him hunting in
her .top bureau drawer for a clean hand
kerchief.
Nothing in the world is so pathetic as a
girl who has made up her mind to reform
some man and first begins to doubt
whether he is going to let her.— New York
Press.
The best appetizer and regulator of the diges
tive organs is AxeoSTTOA Bittehs, prepared
by Dr. T. G. B. Siegekt & Sons.
A Slight Cold, if Neglected, oftett At
tacks the LTJMGB. "Brown* Bronchial Troches"
give immediate and effectual relief.
SUBJECT AND PLACE ARE APPRO
PRIATE.
The proposition to erect a statue of
Abraham Lincoln on the battlefield of
Gettysburg— for which a bill making an
appropriation of $50,000 passed the United
States Senate the other day— is both time
ly and appropriate. There is no spot with
which Mr. Lincoln's memory will be more
intimately and peculiarly associated than
that on which h»> delivered his celebrated
speech to recognition of the services of
those who fell in the cause of liberty and
union on that memorable battlefield, and
it is eminently proper that there should
be placed one of the monuments to his
memory which will in after ages be re
garded" as historical.— Chicago Tribune.CITY TREASURER
WIDBER BIG
DEFAULTER
His Shortage Is Esti
mated at About
$116,000.
Arrested at His Ranch
Whence He Fled
Yesterday.
Gold Coin Abstracted From
Sealed Sacks and Silver
Substituted.
WAS A PLUNGER ON RACES
Makes ■ Statement Assuming the
Entire Responsibility for th«
f Shortage.
Augustus C. Widber and $116,000 were ;
missed from thp City Treasurer's office i
yesterday. Within a few minutes after i
this Information was conveyed to !
Mayor Phelan, the police authorities |
Bet the machinery of their office at
work, and as a result Widber was ar
rested at Walnut Creek, but, so far as
known, none of the missing money has
been recovered.
For many weeks It had been rumored
that City Treasurer Widber had been j
plunging on the races, and also that his |
accounts were not In the condition that
they should be. Nothing of a tangible
nature, however, could be obtained.
Bo stronc were these reports that i
Mayor Phelan caused an examination
to be made of Widber's books, and a
report was made to him that there was j
a shortage In Widber's accounts of
about (56,000. On a further investiga
tion of Widber's accounts, however,
the apparent shortage by some mys- j
terious process of manipulation had
disappeared.
From the facts that developed yes
terday it appears that there has been
a systematic and wholesale robbery of
the city's money going on from the
vaults of the Treasurer's office, and
that Widber Is solely and directly re
sponsible. The greatest shortage has
been found In connection with the gen
eral fund. Sacks of money which should
have contained $5000 in gold have been
kfound to be filled with about $250 In
Pfilver coin. The shortage in this fund !
Is estimated to be $76,000. In the col
lateral inheritance tax fund a shortage j
exists of $15,000, while the money of
the Pub!ic Administrator In the custody
of the City Treasurer is short $25,000.
Chief Deputy Treasurer M. de la
Montanya discovered the sensational
crime by first noticing that a seal on a j
$5000 sack of gold cola had been tam
pered with. He at once suspected that
Widber was the culprit, as only Wid
ber and he had the combination to the
time lock on the vault that contained
the sacks that had been tampered with.
On bringing the matter to the atten
tion of his superior, the latter admitted
that he alone was responsible for any
deficit. This was on Tuesday.
Widber had promised Montanya that
he would come to the office yesteiday
morning and fix matters up. Montanya
waited until noon, but Widber failed
to put in an appearance. Montanya
then sought the Mayor In order to In
form him of the state of affairs that
existed In the Treasurer's office. It
was not until after 2 o'clock that he
found Mayor Phelan. The latter at
once put the police authorities In pos
session of all the known facts. A
search was immediately instituted for
"Widher, and the police took chargi of
the Treasurer's oflice.
At about 4 o'clock Mayor Phelan,
Auditor Broderick, Deputy District At
torney Hosmar, City Attorney Cres
well, Judge Tmutt and Chief Lees went
Into conference in the Treasurer's of
fice. They decided to begin immediate
investigation, and statements were
taken In shorthand of each of the of
fice employes. All the moneys were
placed under lock and seal, and a
thorough examination of the funds
will be made to-day.
The news was not made public about
the City Hall until after 4 o'clock, but
ufter the first word got out it spread
like wildfire, and the threatened war
with Spain became a secondary matter
of interest.
It is a notorious fact that for many
weeks Widber went to a certain saloon
on Stockton street at about 6 o'clock
every evening. Here he met Thomas
A. McGowan and is reported to have
received reports from him of the re
sults of the day's races, and to have
placed commissions with McGowan for
the following day. Widber is also the
reputed owner of a number of race
homes. Rubicon, said to be one of the
animals owned by Widber. won the
last race at Ingleside yesterday. He
■was played heavily by McGowan and
his friends, and was entered in the
name of McGo\*an.
According to the statement of one of
tlio deputies in the City Treasurer's
office, Widber was under a bond of only
$100,000, with the Fidelity and Casualty
Company ot Maryland as surety. The
smallness of the bond occasioned con
siderable comment yesterday, as there
are times when the City Treasurer has
the custody of more than $2,000,000.
While the shortage discovered thus
far is believed to be not less than $116,
000, it is possible that this amount may
be increased, and materially, when the
Investigation is completed.
With one exception this is the largest
loss ever sustained by the city by de
falcation. Alexander Austin, who was
Tax Collector of this city many years
ago, stole $275,000, which was lost in
mining stock speculations. He had this
money deposited in bank In his own
*' ame for several years pending the de
cision of the Supreme Court relatiye to
the tax under which this money had
been collected. The money had been
paid under protest. When Austin's de
falcation was discovered he commr.tel
■uiclde by shooting himself. Another no
table defaulter in the city's employ was
Chief Deputy Treasurer Cassebohm,
who served under Charles Hubert. Cas
sebohm got away with $20,000. He also
committed suicide by shooting himself
when his crime was discovered. When
Cassebohm saw the experts come into
his office he took his hat, went horn» I
and blew his brains out.
As shown by the City Directory.
Widber lived with his mother at the
Marchioness, 158 Golden Gate avenue.
Inquiry at that place revealed the
fact that son and mother had moved j
several months ago and had taken |
apartments at the Baldwin. Their ]
apartments were upon the second floor. |
Widber occupied room 132, facing upon
Powell street, while his mother had
room 168, which is on the opposite side
of the house.
Widber and his mother went to live
at the Baldwin upon December 1, 1597,
and at the office the head clerk de
clared that the Treasurer's bill was
paid in full to date, but that he had
given no intimation that he was going
to give up his room. He always paid j
his bill promptly and appeared to live
a quiet and unassuming life.
He was not at the hotel yesterday
nor had he been seen by any of the
employes of the house. It was posi
tively learned that he did not sleep
there on Tuesday night, for when the
maid went into his room at noon yes
terday she found that the bed had not
been slept in, but that it was slightly
disturbed, as might have been caused
by any one placing a valise upon It to
pack clothes in.
Mr?. J. H. Widber, the mother of the
Treasurer, and her sister, Mrs. S. A.
Miller, had Just gone Into the ladies'
cafe to dine about 6 o'clock when they
received the first intimation of the big
defalcation. The ladies had taken their
seats when the waiter told them of
| the report that Widber had defaulted.
! For a moment the mother of the unfor
j tunate man seemed hardly to realize
the dreadful news; then as the terrible
meaning of the words gradually
dawned upon her she managed by al
most superhuman control to rise
■ quietly from her seat and go to her
j room, accompanied by her sistor.
Once behind the friendly protection
1 of her own door the poor, heart-broken
! woman gave way to her grief in tears.
; The severe agitation of her feelings
I completely prostrated her and she was
1 unable to speak. Mrs. Miller, with sis
terly solicitude, did everything in her
power to comfort her, and finally got
her to bed.
Mrs. Widber told her sister that she
knew nothing of the whereabouts of
her son or of his habits, for he was
supposed to be by the entire family a
model young man. The last time that
they saw Widber was on Monday even
i ing. Mrs. Widber and Mrs. Miller were
walking upon Market street when they
passed him, and a few words were ex
changed between mother and son. He
seemed then to be in the best of spirits
and there was nothing in his manner
to show that he was financially em
barrassed.
Mrs. Miller said that WMdber's fam
i ily knew nothing abo-ut his business or
j of his having any financial troubles.
She said: "We would the very last to
'■■ know anything bad about him, for we
had no reason to expect anything of
i that kind. We had not seen him since
' we met him on Market street on Mon
: day afternoon. Neither his mother nor
I any of us have the slightest idea where
he is or has gone to."
For the present Mrs. Widber will re
| main at the Baldwin, as she is said to
i possess considerable means of her own.
! She would see no one last night except
i her sister.
Attorney Thomas A. McGowan, who
is reputed to be an agent of Treasurer
; Widber, was rather reticent last even
■ ing when questioned concerning any
, scheme operated by the Treasurer
; which could result in such an amount
of money being spent in such a short
: space of time.
"I have handled a few legal cases
i for the missing man," said Mr. *Me
' Gowan last evening, "but I have never
had any dealings with him on the race
courses or other gambling places. It
has been reported that he was an
owner of certain horses which are run
ning at the present time, but if so I
■am not aware of the fact. The only
thing in which he has placed his money
is in a mine situated in Grass Valley.
I am well aware of the fact that he
has spent considerable money there,
but just how much is a question. I
am surprised that he has taken advan
tage of his position and hope that the
entire matter will soon be satisfactor
ily settled."
At midnight Mayor Phelan.gave out
the following as a result of the investi
gation held last night. ITe said:
"The total amount of Widber's defal
cation is not positively known, but so
far it has been ascertained that there
is a loss of $116,000, of which amount
$15,000 belongs to the collateral in
heritance tax fund and $25,000 to the
Public Administrator, while theamount
abstracted from the sacks is probably
$70,000.
j "On December 27 last the deputy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTTRSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
Treasurer, Montanya, put the money,
which was in a hundred sacks, each
containing $5000 in gold, into the in
terior vault. The sacks were sealed
with the Mint seal. Widber admitted
to his deputy that he is a defaulter and
that the defalcations had occurred since
that time. The money was last count
ed on March 25 by the Mayor, Auditor
and Superior Judge Bahrs.
"Seventy sacks were taken out and
examined and the seals found to be all
right. The other thirty sacks were also
examined and found correct. In put
ting the sacks back Montanya found
that one of them was light and called
Widber's attention to it. He was told
that it was all right and the Treasurer
instructed him to put it back into the
vault.
HOW THE STEAL WAS DISCOVERED.
Chief Deputy Treasurer flu la Montanya Tells of Idler's
Admissions and Threats of Suiciie.
M. de la Montanya Jr., the Chief Deputy Treasurer, who made the
discovery of the immense shortage of City and County Treasurer Wid
ber and gave the Information to the authorities which led to W r idber's
exposure and arrest, made the following statement of his part in the
sensational matter:
"Some time after they counted the cash on March 25 I noticed that
one of the sacks was wrong — that the seal was broken on a sack that
was supposed to contain $5000. This seal Is of lead and is what is known
as a 'mint' seal. Made suspicious by this discovery, I examined all the
money in the vault and ascertained that there were sixteen sacks that
weighed light. Each of these was supposed to contain $5000. The
count was made by weighing the sacks. From the sound of these light
sacks I Judged they contained silver. As yet none of the money in
these sacks has actually been counted.
"Taking for granted that they are filled with silver, there would be
$250 in each sack. This would make an aggregate of $4000 in the six
teen sacks, or a shortage of $76,000. This money belonged to the gen
eral fund.
"Mr. Widber had sole charge of the collateral Inheritance tax
monoy, and also of the moneys belonging to the Public Administrator.
These funds were also manipulated so as to leave a shortage of
$15,000 in the collateral inheritance tax fund, and $25,000 in the Public
Administrator's account.
"The accounts of all the other offices are correct so far as I know.
I mention this because this exposure will cause considerable worry
throughout every department in the City Hall, and the knowledge that
no other office than those mentioned Is involved will make the men
feel easy.
"The sacks of money that were tampered with came originally
from banks and those who paid heavy taxes. They had never been
counted, as the mint seal was accepted as a guarantee that the correct
amount was In them.
"My examination of the sacks showed that the seal had not been
broken, but that the string around the sack had been cut close to the
seal and had afterward been retied in such a way as to leave the knot
concealed by the seal.
"I made the discovery of the first broken seal the day before yes
terday (Monday). I continued my examination of the Backs yesterday
(Tuesday) morning. When Mr. Widber came into the office I demanded
an explanation from him. This was about 11 a. m. Tuesday. Our con
versation took place in his private office.
"I told him I had counted the money in the vault that, contained the
$.'OOO sacks and that I had found a shortage. I asked him If those
sacks contained silver, and he said they did. I added that there was
probably about $250. in that case, in each sack. He replied that that
was probably so. I then asked him what his shortage would be. He
said that his books were correct, but that the amount of cash on hand
is not. I since discovered the other two shortages which I have men
tioned.
"I reported the matter to the Mayor to-day, as soon after noon as I
could find him — that is, about 2 o'clock. I did not report it sooner be
cause I wanted to make # an examination that would Justify me in mak
ing the exposure.
"Mr. "Widber, while I was speaking to him. admitted that he alone
was responsible for the whole matter, and that there was no one to
blame but himself. I went to Mr. Widber In reference to the matter
because I knew no one else who would undertake such a large defalca
tion. I don't know as a fact who did it, though Widber admitted that
he had made the substitution of the silver for gold.
"Mr. Widber and myself are the only two who have the combination
of the time lock on the vault that contains the money belonging to the
general fund. This lock can be opened at any time by a person who
has the combination, and there was nothing to prevent Mr. Widber
getting into the vault during the night, after everybody had left the
office. It will be seen from these facts that the blame for this matter
lies between Mr. Widber and myself. It was a knowledge of this that
led me to be very careful as well as secret in making the Investigation
and in not reporting it sooner than I did. I wanted to clearly estab
lish the fact that I was blameless in the matter.
"I have no knowledge of how Mr. Widber disposed of the money, or
what induced him to take it. Ido not know that he played the races,
although he might have played them through some agent without my
knowing anything about it. I know he has spent some money on a
mining property that he is interested In near Grass Valley, and I be
lieve that he is interested in several other mines.
"I saw Mr. Widber last Tuesday afternoon In the office, where he
remained Until about 4:15 p. m. At the time I spoke to him about this
matter he admitted his guilt and said that he was going to kill him
self. I told him that would not do, as he was young and might be able
to straighten things out. He then said that he would wait until morn
ing and would then try to fix things up. This was on Tuesday. He was
not around the office to-day, and so far as we could learn he was not
seen by any one in the city to-day."
"This aroused the suspicions of Mon- j
tanya and the next day he communi- I
cated them to one of the other depu
ties in the office. Some days after
Montanya made another examination
and found silver in the light sacks In- ■
stead of gold. He went to Widber and j
demanded that the amount be made j
good and the Treasurer drew his per-
Bonal check for $5000 upon the Bank of
Commerce and the amount was made
good.
"From that time on until last Mon
day, when Montanya found sixteen i
light sacks, there was nothing to arousu '>
his suspicions. This fact, however, pre- i
cipitated the climax. Montanya ac- ]
ctwed Widber to his face of the theft, '■
and the latter admitted that he was a
I'faulter and said that he alone was
responsible.
"The abstraction of the money from
the sixteen sacks must have beei done j
Si.:ce Lecember 27, and Widber admit- I
ted to Montanya that it was. Mucn o\ |
it may rave been taken from the «<ack3
sine-* I' arch 25, as since that ti.me the
Tn merer has been known to have been
in the office after office hours and
at nipht also."
Mayor Phelan was very emphatic In j
the declaration that in counting the !
money it has been the custom to accept
the Mint seals for the amount in the
sacks. The commission, he said, al
ways selects one. two or three sacks at
hazard and counts the money, but the
last time that the money was checked J
over the Mayor, the Auditor and Judge i
Bahrs, representing the commission,
whose duty it is to count the money,
displayed the sublimest faith in the
Mint seals and did not make an actual
count of any of the sacks and conse
quently they discovered no deficit. Had
they even broken any of the seals they
might have discovered the loss, but
they did not do so, and as a conse- |
quence of their negrlect the public <
money was stolen. The exact amount
of the defalcation will probably be defl- i
nitely known to-day, when the official
count is made.
THE ARREST.
Widber Taken Into Custody on
His Ranch Near Walnut
Creek.
WALNUT CREEK. April 20.— About
4 o'clock this afternoon Augustus C.
Widber, the defaulting treasurer of the
City of San Francisco, accompanied by
a friend, drove into this city and left
shortly afterward for Widber's ranch,
between this place and Alma. Young
Widber seemed very despondent, but
the reason for this frame of mind was
not known by the residents here until
Borne time after, when Constable C. E.
Palmer left for Widber's ranch to ar
rest him for embezzling the municipal
funds of the city and county of San
Francisco.
The afternoon train from San Fran
cisco brought among other passengers
another friend of Widber's named
Jordan, who came here to be with Wid
ber, it evidently being feared that the
absconding Treasurer would take his
own life. Jordan went to the ranch,
and a little later Constable Palmer,
with Widber in custody, accompanied
by the Treasurer's two friends, re
turned to town In a buggy.
About 7:45 o'clock the quartet started
for Oakland behind a fast team. It
was learned that their destination was
the Fashion stables on Broadway,
Oakland. Widber did not make any
statement while here.
WHAT WIDBER SAYS.
Admits His Guilt and Declares
He Alone Is Involved.
Widber and his custodians landed at
the Market-street ferry at twenty min
utes past eleven last night and were
driven direct to the City Hall. He was
conducted to the private office of Chief
Lees, who at once went to the Treas
urer's office to notify Mayor Phelan
and the others of Widber's arrival.
Messrs. Phelan, Broderick and Cres
well and Judge Troutt hurrk 1 down
the long corridor and were soon
closeted with the defaulter. Besides
these gentlemen and Chief Lees there
were present at the interview Constable
Palmer, Thomas Sullivan, who went to
Walnut Creek with Widber and was
detained as a witness, and a stenog
rapher.
Mayor Phelan conducted the exami
nation, Widber answering such ques
tions as he saw fit promptly; others he
ignored or turned aside. The prisoner,
though entirely sober, bore evidence of
having been drinking heavily, from the
effects of which he had not yet fully re- I
covered. He was exceedingly nervous |
; and seemed to hold himself together
with an effort.
"Are you aware of any shortage in
the funds in your custody?" asked the
Mayor.
"I am," came the prompt reply.
"Who took the money?"
"I did."
"Is anybody else Implicated?"
"No; I alone am responsible. There
was nobody in with me."
"How much did you take?"
"I have no idea. I kept no account
of what I took. When I wanted any
money I watched my opportunity and
helped myself."
"Mr. Widber, It has been stated that
you have been seen in your office at
night and that you probably took the
money there. Is that true?"
"No; I took it all in the daytime. I
did not take any at night."
"But how did you manage to get
away with so much money when the
clerks were present?"
"It was very risky; I had to watch
! for an opportunity and slip into the
vault unobserved."
"How long have your peculations
been going on .'
"Oh, the money has all been taken
within a year."
"But can't you tell when you took
the first money?"
"No; it has been within a year;
that's near enough."
Widber then described, In response to
the Mayor's questioning, how he man
aged to abstract the coin. He would
trke a sack containing $5000 in fold,
and, sealed with the Mint seal, which
covers the string the sack is tied with.
Deftly cuttinr; the string he would
work it through the seal without in
juring the latter.
Then abstracting the gold he would
refill the sack with silver, and with the
aid of a needle he would run a new
string under the seal and fasten it so
that a casual inspection would never
discover that the sack had been tam
pered with.
The needle Wldber used for this work
was found in the vault by Chief Deputy
Montanya.
Mayor Phelan next questioned Wid
bor as to how he had used the money
taken from the treasury.
In reply he said he had sunk some of
it in a mine at Grass Valley, more went
into the Walnut Creek property, some
was used to purchase property on
Castro street in this city, and at Moun
tain View, while the races absorbed a
considerable share of it.
"What induced you to first begin this
work?" asked the Mayor.
"Hard times. I had some property
and to save it I had to raise money;
then other demands on me were made
and I took more."
"Did you visit the race tracks?"
"No; I sent the money out."
"Whom did you send it by?"
"Now, that doesn't make any differ
ence. I took the money and am respon
sible for it; I don't propose to drag
anybody else into this affair."
All attempts to get anything further
out of Widber were fruitless, and after
the interview the Treasurer was locked
up in room 6, opposite the Chief's office,
in charge of detectives.
*
ONLY THE BEGINNING.
His Friend Tom Sullivan Hints
of Sensations to
Come.
OAKLAND, April 20.— The team that
brought the party into Oakland made
very fast time and arrived in town
nearly an hour before they were ex
pected.
As the party sat in the Fashion sta
bles waiting for the narrow-gauge
train, Widber refused to talk. He was.
protected from the little crowd that
gathered as much as possible by his
friend, Tom Sullivan. Tom, however,
told enough of a story to suggest that
the defalcation and arrest of Widber
are but an opening chapter in a sensa
tional series of events yet to be devel
oped.
"Widber and I have been friends for
years," said Sullivan, "and perhaps I
know as much about his affairs as he
knows himself. We went to school to
gether and our companionship has
never been broken. I had no idea It
would come to this. It is not new to
me, and I was told in the city that it
would all be settled and no one would
be any the wiser. I believed those who
called themselves his friends, but I
now find that they were not to be
trusted.
"Widber is not to blame. There are
others in this affair. He has a story
to disclose that will astonish San
Francisco. He has been hounded for
the past five years, but he has endured
everything and has not said a word.
The reason I am with him now is to
save his life. Had I not been his com
panion for the past twenty-four hours
he would now be in the hands of the
Coroner instead of the police. I took
a contract, as a friend, to keep him
alive in spite of his own desires, and I
have carried it out. I have kept my
part. Why did not the rest of his
friends keep theirs?
"I know more of Widber than any
one else, and he is to be pitied, not
blamed. He is at this time the under
dog, but his time will come, and if he
be not exonerated the facts will show
who is really to blame in this matter.
Widber has been a tool, but if he is a
criminal the fault lies with others.
"Yesterday I met him at the City-
Hall and he was depressed. I had
some conversation with him and he
said, 'Good by, Tom, I am going to
leave you.' Although I knew something
of his trouble I was surprised, and
asked for an explanation. He said,
'Tom, I am going to die to-night.' I
took an nath that he should not, and I
determined to stay with him. I did so.
I brought him over here, and our plan
was for him to stay on his mother's
ranch, about two miles from Walnut
Creek, until this business was straight
ened out.
" I was to stay with him, and, as I
said, keep him alive. How many times
I have prevented him ending his career
the world shall never know. We had
not been at the ranch long before
we were made aware of the fact that
his friends had gone back on their
word and that the whole business was
made public. It was planned that he
was to keep out of the way until every
thing had blown over, but instead he
returned in the custody of officers.
"Widber has a history, and no one
knows it better than I. It is a ro
mance, but so long as I live the world
shall never know it unless he makes it
public. This is but the first chapter,
but there is much to follow. He has
suffered for years silently and uncom
plainingly, but this is too much. He
will never take this dose. I have talked
with him and know how he feels about
it. He will let tlose suffer who are to
blame. I feel the same way about it
too. Things will be lively enough when
the whole truth is known."
As the party drove in from Walnut
Creek they were met about six miles
out by Detectives Wren and Cody,
who had gone from the city to get Wid
ber from Constable Palmer. They all
crossed to San Francisco on the 10:45
narrow gauge ferry.
WIDBER A GOOD THING.
Constable E. C. Palmer and Captain
Callundan were two of the first officers
on the scene, and they aided In making
the arrest. When they found Widber
he was making preparations to start
for San Francisco in company with his
friend Sullivan, who said:
"Widber spent his money in mining,
racing and real estate transactions,
being a 'sucker' for almost everybody
who wanted to work off a feasible
scheme. He spent about ten thousand
on the races. Though he has about
$60,000 in property, he cannot make
good the defalcation. He did not spend
his money on women, as was reported."
Captain Callundan said: "We made
the arrest without the least trouble.
The man was on his way here. I got
word from the fidelity Company, which
was on his bonds, that he was wanted
and I started for him. The arrest was
easy and the man talked when he was
first taken. He had evidently been
drinking a great deal and said that he
owned a string of five race horses on
which he had lost a great deal of
money."
"NOTHING TO SAY."
Chief of Police Lees Seems De-«
termined to Shield the Dis
graced Treasurer.
For some unexplained reason Chief
Lees endeavored in every way last
night to prevent Widber's confession
from reaching the public through tha
press.
After Wfdber was brought back to
this city he was at once taken to tha
office of the Chief, where he was closet
ed with him for over an hour.
After the interview the scheming
head of the Police Department coolly
informed the reporters that he had
"nothing to say." When asked if Wid
ber had made a statement to him the
self-imposed Czar of the department
shook his head and walked away.
On account of his friendship for Wid
ber it is strongly believed that Chief
Lees will do all in his power to save
■ the disgraced treasurer from spending
! a long term in the penitentiary. It fs
said that he knew for some time that
Widber was going the pace that kills.
HERE ARE PEDIGREES FOR YOU.
The Grosvenor family (Dukes of West
minster) trace their pedigree in England
back to 1066, having come over with Wil
liam the Conqueror, while the family in
Normandy from which they are directly
descended flourished there for at least a
century and a half before the Conquest,
so that the family pedigree goes back for
close upon a thousand years. The most
ancient family in Great Britain is that
of the Earl of Mar, in Scotland. Lord
Hailes, speaking of the title, says: "It
existed before our records and before the
era of genuine history, being an earldom
whose origin is lost in antfdjuity." The
Campbells, to whom belongs the present
Duke of Argyll, began in 1390. Of the
400 barons in the British peerage only
about a dozen actually date back 600
years. The most ancient family In the
world is that of the Mikado of Japan,
which has had an unbroken line of de
scent for more than 2500 years, the pres
ent ruler being the 122 dof the line.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with Itching scalp,
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
and mail to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal..
who will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, which is for sale by
all druggists. • •
In proportion to its population the
United Kingdom has a greater number
of women workers than any other
country, and among them no fewer
than 616,000 are set down as dress
makers.
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas' Shoes, 324Kearny*
During the last fifty years Great
Britain has been at war more fre
quently than any other nation. The
total number of large and small wars
waged during that time amounts to
about fifty, or one a year.
Ladle*' tailor-made suits; latest design*; w»
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutwr. r. Ul.
78
CONGRESS
PREPARES
FOR WAR
The House Passes the Bill
Authorizing Call for
Volunteers.
soon the President May Proceed
to Secure an Army Large
Enough to Drive Span
iards From Cuba,
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 20.
The House to-day passed as an
emergency war measure the bill em
powering the President to call out the
volunteer forces and providing for their |
organization. Both the President and
Secretary Alger had urged the impera
tive necessity of passing the bill to-day,
and Chairman Hull of the Military
Committee drove it under whip and !
Bpur. The bill was drafted at the War
Department, introduced in the House !
yesterday and considered and reported
by the committee to-day. No such ex
pedition could have been possible ex
cept under the stress of war pressure.
The bill is permanent in its character.
The principal change made in the bill
as introduced was that the appoint
ment of all regimental officers are to
be made by the Governors of the States
Instead of by the President, as was pro- j
posed originally by the War Depart
ment. This action conforms to the I
practice of the Civil War.
When the House was notified that t> c
President had approved the Cuban r««',-
Juiiiiiiß the announcement »v is greeted
with a tremendous outburst of applause,
Chairman Hull of the Military AJtaira
Committee Immediately asked the unaii -
moua consent of the Houso cor the con
sideration of a bill authorizing the Presi
denl to call out volunteers. He sari he
had just received a message from the
White House urging the necessity 1-jv the
tit-ss-age of the bill to-day.
The House went into committee of >he
\Ui..|r> to consider the bill.
shyers d.i of Texas criticised the pcov
tiou authorizing the President to ap
uoi it the staff officers subject to the con
tiraation of the Senate or autiorlzn.g I
Mm to assign these officers from the refc-
Uiar army ur the volunteer officers ot the
rollUta
Hull explained that the committee
unanimously held that past precedents
Bhould he followed and that the Gover
f States should retain the power to
I all regimental omcei"s. The joint i
resolution passed by Congress authorizing
the President to employ the militia force
of tiie I'nitcd States he said would not
: the present situation. He felt au
thored to say that if we were to t gnt
this war it would !»■ with volunteers and
nut the militia forces.
Hull read the following teles; am he re
ceived from Secretary Algor this uiorn-
Inp: "1 hope you will introduce your bill
this morning. Time is now very valuaple.
On the whole. 1 am inclined t ■; thinx ihat
requiring commissions to be signed by the
President for the militia would l-e cause
for action and opposition by 'he Gover
nors, who naturally might reel that this
was taking some of their power tr->m
them. Can you consistently ch.i'ige that
and hasten its passage?"
Johnson (R.) of Indiana at this point at
tempted to secure time to address the
House regarding his attitu.le on the gen
eral situation. If war was to come, he
Bald, he was ready to BU3p>rt any meas
ure to prosecute it to a successful conclu
sion. But before hostilities began he |
thought the House should K've him a
chance to speak. The recjjest met with
much opposition and was refused.
Cox (D.) of Tennessee, the senior mi
nority member of the commit cc. gave the
bill as innditlod his indorsement.
Marshall (R.) of Illinois and Savers
both expressed the opinion that this
measure should be passed forthwith. We
were on the verge of war. The measure
was asked for by the President and the
Secretary of War, said Sayers, and there
should be no further quibbling.
A question arose as to whether, under
the provisions of the bill, additional legis
lation would not be necessary to permit
the President to call out volunteers.
To meet this deficit Lacey offered an
amendment authorizing the President to
raise Volunteers when Congress shall
have authorized him to do so, or when
he has been authorised "to call into the
actual service of the United States the
militia of the several States."
The amendment was adopted.
McMiilln iD.) of Tennessee moved to
reduce the term of enlistment of the
volunteer forces for three years, as pro
vided in the bill, to one year. He thought
many of the young men of the country
would not be willing to enlist for three
years.
Hull replied that it was not expected
that the war would be a long one un-
Ipss Spain resorted to guerrilla warfare,
but he did not believe a three years 1
term would terrorize the young men.
The amendment was defeated.
Handy offered a substitute, authorizing
the enlistment of 400.000 men for the war.
He said it was distinctly a temporary
measure, under the approval of eminent
military authorities.
The substitute w;is lost.
Talbot (V.) of South Carolina warned
the Houso that war with Spain was not
a light thing. Gentlemen who thought it
would be over in a few days would be
Badly disappointed, in his mind.
"I'reincmber at the opening of the last
war " said he. "Men at the North and
South believed it would not last thirty
days. I heard a man agree to drink all
the blood that was spilled. Every coun
try In Europe may be drawn into the
encounter before we get through with
Wttle (P.) Of Arkansas offered an
amendment, which was ;iereed to provid
ing that the Indian Territory shall fur
nish its quota.
Llnney <R) of North Carolina offered
an amendment providing that nothing in
the bill should be construed to prevent
companies and regiments from selecting
their own officers. The power to select
officers to fill vacancies, be said, would
be an incentive to enlistment. The
tyrannous discipline of officers, he said,
wns more dreaded by soldiers than the
bullets and bayonets of the enemy. '
The Linn.*y amendment was defeated.
An amendment was adopted providing
for a chaplain for each regiment.
An amendment was adopted providing
that regimental and all other medical offi
cers should keep the records of all officers
or men sick or wounded, and that upon
the disbandment of the organization
they should be filed in the records of the
pension office and War Department.
Section 15 was amended so as to provide
that the Governors of States instead of
the President might appoint officers in
the regular army to the grade of field
officers, in the volunteer army, such ap
pointments to depend upon the consent
of the President.
Cannon, chairman of the Appropriation
Committee, offered as an additional sec
tion an amendment providing that all
Government employes called into the mil
itary or naval service of the United
States while In service should be granted
leave of absence, and upon honorable dis
charge should be entitled to resume their
employment at the samo pay, and it also
provided, where necessary, for temporary
appointments to fill vacancies.
Faris (8..) of Indiana said the amend
ment was the legitimate outgrowth of the
civil service humbug. This proposition
contained the biggest bounty ever con
templated in enlisting soldiers.
The amendment was defeated.
The bill was then passed without di
vision, and at 5:15 p. m. the House ad
journed.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 20.
During the five hours of discussion
in the Senate this afternoon of its re
cent action on the Cuban resolutions, in
the course of which several extended
speeches were made by Senators who
voted against the conference report up
on the resolutions, only one point was
developed. That was by Foraker of
Ohio In the course of a brief statement
concerning the recognition of the Cu
ban republic's independence. He said
that on the very day the ultimatum
had been sent to Spain this Govern
ment had practically recognized the re
public of Cuba, This utterance, com
ing from a member of the Foreign Re
lations Committee, created a profound
sensation among the Senators. Being
pressed for the source of his informa
tion, Foraker replied that It was "posi
tive but not official."
The following resolution was present
ed by Allen of Nebraska:
"That in the opinion of the Senate no
circumstances can arise in the relations
of the United States of America and the
kingdom of Spain that will warrant an
increase in the interest-bearing bonded
indebtedness of this Government or that
will in any way interfere with the form
of financial affairs of the United States
on lines laid down in the National Peo
ple's party platform of July, 1896."
The resolution went over under objec
tion.
Consideration of the sundry civil bill
was continued, and Cockrell of Missouri
continued his speech on the Cuban ques
tion begun yesterday.
Vest of Missouri inquired sotto voce of
Cockrell if he proposed to "take the back
track" again to-day. In concluding Cock
rell said that he desired to have passed
by Congress such resolutions as would
dt-clare the Cuban patriots free and inde
pendent, and not the slightest restraint
or constraint should be placed on them.
They would, he doubted not, be able in a
short time to gain their freedom.
Teller of Colorado, speaking upon the
same subject, said that he had no desire
unduly to criticise the President or the
administration. He had felt from the be
ginning there should be a unanimity of
action on the part of all parties in Con
gress if th<:-re was to be war— a war which
he thought mieht have been averted if
the preceding administration, and even
the present one, had acted properly its
part in the diplomatic negotiations.
Foraker called attention to statements
made in the Senate two years ago by the
present Secretary of State, Mr. Sherman,
to the effect that the Cuban republic had
an established form of government, ad
ministered by officials of high standing,
character and ability. He held, therefore,
that if those statements were true two
years ago their truth had been strongly
accentuated since that time and that it
was further entirely proper for the Unit
ed States to recognize the Government of
the Cubans.
It was here that Foraker made his
statement regarding, the official recogni
tion of the representatives of the Cuban
republic. In discussing the diplomatic re
lations between this country and Spain,
.Foraker read from a newspaper clipping
what was said to be a semi-official state
ment, in effect that in a formal dispatch
sent by the President to the Madrid Gov
ernment the Attorney - General had
changed the term "independent govern
ment" to "stable government," the
change being made because "stable" was
the word of diplomacy to be employed
in the circumstances.
When Minister Woodford had inquired
what construction was to bo placed upon
the word "stable," the President had re
plied that it must be regarded as mean
ing "independent." Mr. Woodford had
failed to transmit the President's meaning
to the Spanish Government, fearing that
such a statement made officially might
complicate future negotiations. Foraker
said that it seemed to be the explanation
why the independence of the Cubans had
not been demanded by the President.
Allison of lowa interrupted to say that
he did not think there was any doubt that
the correspondence with Spain would
show that the President had actually de
manded the independence of the Cubans.
In response to an inquiry from Pasco
of Florida, requesting him to be more
specific, Allison said: "I cannot, as a wit
ness, be very specific on hearsay evidence.
The President in his correspondence with
the Spanish Government did say that
there must be an independent government
in Cuba, This demand was transmitted
not only through Mr. Woodford, but also
through the Spanish Minister at Wash
ington to his Government. I cannot be
more definite at this time."
Foraker, resuming the trend of his re
marks, said the understanding was that
the President was endeavoring through
diplomatic negotiations to' promote the
independence of the people of Cuba, iie
thought the negotiations to-day— the sign
ing by the President of the resolutions of
Congress and the sending of an ultimatum
to Spain— would amount practically to a
recognition of the independence of the
Cuban republic, and be thought it would
be so developed by to-morrow morning.
He had no doubt that the Cuban republic
would, of course, be recognized. Foraker
said he believed that criticism of the
Provident at this time was out of place.
Instead of caviling over these matters,
he deemed it desirable to secure a unity
of action. He had stood squarely by his
conviction in favor of independence, but
was anxious to secure action, and had,
therefore, agreed to the striking out of
the recognition clause. It was not known
now whether the President had made
mistakes or not. Only the future could
properly and truthfully develop the Presi
dent's position.
Tlllman asked Foraker for a more ex
plicit statement and Foraker replied:
"I think I made the statement that some
representatives of this Government were
dealing with the representatives of a
Government that will amount to this—
that the Government will, in the imme
diate future, be dealing with them just
as It occurred to me that we should deal
with them if we recognize the Govern
ment."
Tillman asked Foraker if he had no
positive information, to which he replied:
"I have positive information, but it is not
official."
Teller then concluded his speech, hold
ing it to be the duty of all to stand by
the country rather than to seek political
advantage.
Warren of Wyoming paid a high tribute
to the President, and said that it was
evident from the speeches thus delivered
that the political opponents of the Pres
ident were aligning their noses, and the
fight to come next fall would see all the
other animals in the "zoo" against the
elephant, and. as is usual, the elephant
would have his trunk with him and oc
cupy the center of the ring.
Stewart of Nevada followed in an ex
tended discussion of the Cuban problem
In the course of a speech by Allen, in
which he further explained the position
of those who voted agaist the conference
report on the Cuban resolutions, Carter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AFRfL 21, 1898.
Interrupted him to say that flags were
being displayed throughout the country,
troops were being mobilized and the navy
was preparing for action. Through all
this the sundry civil and naval appropri
ation bills, both carrying money for the
support of the Government, were being
delayed.
"Why," he inquired, "could not the
thirty-five Senators who voted against
the conference report admit that they had
made a mistake and let us now proceed
with a united front to uphold the Presi
dent and the country?"
Allen replied that a suggestion, involv
ing a reference to the American flag was
not proper. He had carried that flag, he
said, amid shot and shell, and knew what
it meant to stand by It.
Carter remarked that nobody was dis
posed to question the patriotism of the
Nebraska Senator or of the thirty-five
who voted against the Cuban conference
report.
"I believe," he continued, "that in the
present circumstances it is better to
make preparations for the coming war
than to make exculpatory remarks or in
criminating questions."
At the conclusion of Allen's remarks
Thurston said that at 11:24 o'clock to-day,
when the President signed the Cuban
resolutions sent to him by Congress, the
time for party discussion had ended. All
but three Senators had at one time or an
other voted for the resolutions which
were now law, and he thought it the
duty of Senators to uphold the President
and the country with equal unanimity.
"The time will come in the hustings for
discussion of political phases of this
question. Now until Cuba is made free,
until her starving women and children
are fed and clothed; until Spain has been
driven from the Western Hemisphere for
ever, for God's sake let us cease this
political bickering."
Allison then presented an amendment to
the sundry civil bill, appropriating and
making immediately available $473,151
with which to pay Great Britain the
award for Bering Sea claims made by
the joint convention of February 29, 1596.
He nad been urged to place the amend
ment on this 1.111 by the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, instead of waitir"- for
the general deficiency bill. The amend
ment was agree to.
On motion of Allison the Senate at 5:35
o'ciock went into executive session and
Boon afterward adjourned.
"REMEMBER
THE MAINE!"
Throughout the Golden
State Resounds the
Slogan.
Presidio Light Artillerymen
Given an Ovation at
Bakersfield.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, April 20.— The train
bearing the artillerymen from the Pre
sidio to the rendezvous at historic
Chickamauga arrived here this morn-
Ing shortly after 9 o'clock, several
hours behind schedule time. An im
promptu reception had been arranged
and no sooner had the long train
stopped than It was surrounded by
2000 people. The Bakersfield brass band
struck up a lively air. Women and
young girls carrying bouquets and soon
the coaches in which the artillerymen
were riding were crowded .vith fair pa
triots, showering bouquets on the sur
prised soldiers, speaking words of en
couragement and bidding them God
speed on their gallant mission.
"Remember the Maine" was an ad
monition frequently heard.
For a time the artillerymen were
completely nonplused. Finally thvy
gathered and after pouring out to the
fair "enemy" all the chivalric oratory
in their possession they pulled the but
tons from their uniforms and present
ed them to L*.. ladies.
During this demonstration the band
kept up its lively strains. So thrilling
and spontaneous was the affair that
tears were seen to roll down the cheeks
of stroner men. The most touching in
cident came when a feeble old woman,
as soon as the train stopped, rushed up
with a shawl thrown over her head and
exclaimed:
"1 was a nurse all through the civil
war. I want to get into the train to
bless and grasp the hands of those
brave boys."
She was the first to enter the coaches.
A citizen was holding a tiny flag and
on it was penciled "Remember the
Maine." An officer came along and
asked for it, promising the citizen that
if he returned from Cuba he would give
it back to him. He was given the (lag
and by reason of that Incident every
one in Bakersfield Is wearing one of
those little flags having printed upon it
i "Remember the Maine." To-morrow
morning when the infantry comes along
: one of them will be presented to each
soldier.
Near where the train stopped is a
Spanish hotp' around which many al
ways be found many lusty fellows of
Spanish descent. They have been deep-
I ly interested in all the war pews, and
when they saw the cannons and the
i uniforms of the men many of them
t wept bitterly. While most of them are
; good American citizens they still have
I a strong feeling for their mother
I country.
The officers and privates were greatly
i pleased at their reception and much
surprised as well. Their horses were
watered here. Several young men of
Bakersfield will attempt to enlist in the
infantry when it reaches here.
SALINAS, April 20.— since the re
ceipt of the war bulletin there is a
. probability that one regiment of vol
i unteer militia win be sent from Cali
i fornia under the provisions of the Hull
i bill. The excitement among the mem
bers of j-roop C and citizens has be
: come great. Knots of people congre
gate on the corners and the boys are
recruiting and say that they will soon
have a full company of one hundred
and three enrolled. Captain M. J.
Burke says that the troop will volun
! teer to go to ' c front or to Cuba as a
j cavalry company in its entirety and
! that they could raise an entire regi
i ment as easily a one company. After
I Inspection last night the members of
', the troop paraded the streets until near
■ midnight, cheering for "Old Glory" and
i shouting "Remember the Maine!" The
enthusiasm increases hourly. To-night
the entire talk is of w»j- and the in
dependence of Cuba.
FORT JONES, April 20.- Citizens of
Scott Valley held a meeting in Fort
Jones to-day and took steps toward
I forming a company of national volun
teer reserves. Major A. G. Myers was
elected chairman and M. F. Beem sec-
I retary. The Fort Jones band furnished
music and national airs were sung by
a quartet. Patriotic speeches were
made, including one by Rev. B. D. Sin
clair, the Episcopal rector, who favored
war if necessary to restore peace In
Cuba. His ringing words evoked tre
mendous applause from the large audi
ence. Signatures were then attached
by those who were willing to join the
reserves. Whenever there is any indi
cation that th£ir services may be need
ed they will meet at the call of the
chairman, organize and begin drilling.
Over one hundred men here have sig
nified a willingness to go if their ser
vices are needed.
STOCKTON, April 20.— Colonel John
son has issued orders to all captains in
the Sixth Regiment to fill their com
panies to the maximum, 103 for each
company. He received a telegram from
Merced this morning saying that fifteen
men had enlisted there, all of whom are
good shots and hardy fellows.
CHICO, April 20.— The news that the
President had signed the Congressional
resolution created great excitement
here. The regiment cannon was run
out and ten rounds fired.
AN APPEAL
FOR THRONE
OF HER SON
Speech of Spain's Queen
Regent Presented to
the Cortes.
Christina Sees the War Clouds
Hanging Low and Asks Cas
tilians to Rally in Al
fonso's Support.
MADRID, April 20.— The opening of
the Spanish Cortes to-day was a mag
nificent sight. All the wealth and
beauty of Madrid gathered in the Sen
ate, wh^-e every available foot of
space was occupied. There was a ter
rific crush at the entrance leading to
the Senatorial seats, many of which
were occupied by ladies.
Large bodies of troops were drawn
up outside the building, including the
handsomely uniformed dragoons and
the magnificently attired palace
guards.
All the members of the diplomatic
corps were present in full dress.
The Queen Regent read the speech
from the throne.
The speech began:
"The grave anxieties which saddened
my mind the last time I addressed you
have increased and are heightened by
public uneasiness, conveying the pre
sentiment of danger of fresh and great
er complications as a result of the turn
which events in Cuba have taken.
These complications were brought
about by a section of the people in the
United States, which, seeing that the
autonomy previously offered in my
message was about to be put in force,
foresaw that the free manifestation of
the Cuban people, through its cham
bers, would frustrate forever the
schemes against Spanish sovereignty
which have been plotted by those who,
with resources and hopes sent from the
neighboring coast, have fettered the
suppression of the insurrection in that
unhappy island.
"Should the Government of the
United States yield to this blind cur
rent, the menaces and insults which
we have hitherto been able to regard
with indifference — for they were not
an expression of the sentiments of the
true American nation — would become
intolerable provocations which would <
compel my Government, in defense of
the national dignity, to sever rela
tions with the Government of the
United States."
Continuing, the Queen Regent
said that in the supreme crisis the
Pope "spoke words of peace which
were hearkened to by my Govern
ment in the consciousness of right
and in strict performance of interna
tional duties/
Her Majesty added: "Spain's
gratitude is due to the Pope and also
to the great powers, whose action
strengthens my conviction that
Spain's cause deserves universal
sympathy and that her conduct mer
its unanimous approval. It is pos
sible, however, that an act of aggres
sion is imminent and that not the
sanctity of our rights, nor the mod
eration of our conduct, nor the ex
pressed wish of the Cuban people
freely manifested, may serve to re
strain the passions and hatred let
loose against the Spanish fatherland.
"In anticipation of this critical mo
ment, when reason and justice will
have for their support only Spanish
courage and the traditional energy of
our people, I have hastened the as
sembling of the Cortes and the supreme
decision of Parliament will doubtless
sanction the unalterable decision of my
Government to defend our rights, with
whatsoever sacrifices may be imposed
on us in accomplishing this task."
Continuing, her Majesty said:
"Possibly, however, the peace ef
forts may fail to control the evil pas
sions existing against Spain. Lest
this moment arrive, I have sum
moned the Cortes to defend our
rights, whatever sacrifice they may
entail.
"Thus identifying myself with the
nation I not only fulfill the oath 1
swore in accepting the regency, but I
follow the dictates of a mother's heart,
trusting to the Spanish people to
gather behind my son's throne and to
defend it until he is old enough to de
fend it himself, as well as trusting to
the Spanish people to defend the honor
and the territory of the nation."
The Queen Regent then referred to
the trouble in the Philippine Islands
and, continuing, said: "Although a
dark and gloomy future Is before us
the difficulties are not beyond our
power. W r ith our glorious army, navy
and the united nation against foreign
aggression, we trust in God that we
shall overcome without stain on our
honor the baseless and unjust attacks
made upon us."
MADRID'S POPULACE
MAD WITH ENTHUSIASM.
Queen Regent and Boy King Loudly
Welcomed While Journeying
to the Senate Hall.
LONDON, April 20.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, tele
graphing Wednesday, says: On few
occasions has Madrid witnessed such
scenes of popular enthusiasm as to
day, when the Queen Regent, accom
panied by the King, dressed in the uni
form of the infantry cadets and wear
ing the Insignia of the Golden Fleece,
traveled In state with all the pomp that
makes the Spanish court famous,
from the palace to the Senate hall.
The distance is very short, not more
than four minutes' walk. The Plaza
de Oriente and the Plaza de Min
stress, which the court and pro
cession had to traverse, were most
The fac-slmile ***& s/0/r *"* ** on ever wrapper
signature of Wu^/zZctfZj&tt • of CASTOEIA. v
densely crowded, chiefly with the peo
ple of the upper and middle classes.
The moment the batteries announced
the departure of the Queen Regent and
the King the excitement became in
tense. When at the end of a long pro
cess of hussars, royal piquers, state
coaches, carrying the chief ladies in
waiting, the chamberlains of the court
and the grandees of Spain, the royal
carriage appeared at the gate of the
palace, the enthusiasm burst forth in
a long and interminable cheering, such
as had not been heard in Spain since
the day when the late King Alfonzo re
turned from Paris.
The infantry, which lined the way to
the Senate, the cavalry and the mount
ed civil guards, sent to preserve order,
had hard work to keep the crowd, fran
tic with enthusiasm, from approaching
the royal carriage.
The Queen Regent appeared much
moved, though she is usually of im
passive demeanor. The King looked
on the crowd with evident pleasure
with feelings as enthusiastic as theirs
and saluted in military fashion.
"Long live the Queen, long live the
King," and "Long live Spain," were
the cries incessantly given. The spirit
of the crowds in the streets pervaded
the secluded halls of the Senate, and
then the doors were thrown wide open
for the royal persons to enter. Thou
sands of distinguished spectators, who
filled the galleries, Deputies and Sen
ators, rose to their feet and received
the Queen and King with thundering
acclamations.
The hall of session presented a most
animated appearance. It was gay with
a bright note of color. Ladies in spring
costumes filled the front rows of the
galleries. They were most enthusias
tic, cheering and waving their hand
kerchiefs and fans. It was long be
fore silence was established.
The Queen Regent and the King,
escorted by commissions from the Sen
ate and the lower chamber, who had
met them ■-.(. tho gate, took seats at
th<Mr thrne. The Government's Min
isters, the captains-general, the grand
ees and members of the court stood on
one side and the diplomatic corps on
the other. Senor Saprnsta advanced and
handed the Queen Regent the speech
from the throne, all others standing.
It is against Spanish etiquette to in
terrupt the reading of a speech from
the throne, but the enthusiasm and
emotion were too great, and the sol
emnity of the occasion was too im
pressive. Twice had her Majesty to
stop when the cheers, acclamations
and vivas for Spain, the Queen Regent
and the King made her speaking im
possible. The cheering was still more
frantic -when their Majesties left the
Senate, and so it was in the streets.
Senor Gullon. the Foreign Minister,
to-day received the British Charge
d'Affaires, who put forward on behalf
of his Government an urgent request
for an explanation as to how Spain
will carry out her right, of visiting
ships in the case of war.
SPANISH REFUGEES
DEPART FOR CUBA.
When the Steamer Panama Left New
York There Were Demonstra
tions on the Wharf.
NEW YORK, April 20.— There was a
large crowd on the pier when the Pana
ma sailed for Cuba with Spanish refu
gees aboard and a hostile demonstra
tion was made. Opprobrious epithets
were flung at the departure of the ves
sel. The captain and crew who were
on deck were cursed in voices raised in
the highest pitch.
"Kill them; kill them." "Hurrah for
Cuba," "Down with Spain," were some
of the cries heard. Hissing and fist
shaking continued until the Panama
was well out in the river. There was
not a sound heard from her deck in re
ply. The sailors, who were storing
away a hawser on the afterdeck,
stopped their work momentarily now
and again to look up at their enemies
ashore.
STARS AND STRIPES
HOISTED BY STUDENTS.
Interesting Feature of Arbor Day at
the University of the
Pacific.
SAN JOSE, April 20.— The students of
the University of the Pacific held their
annual arbor day on the campus to-day.
The pupils were out In force. Young men
dressed in their old clothes and were put
at work in gangs to hoe and rake off
weeds and dry leaves from walks and
lawns. The work began at 8 a. m. and
continued steadily until 12:30 o'clock.
Young ladies had, in the meantime, pre
pared an elaborate luncheon, which ah
enjoyed under the shade of the maple
grove. A short programme was given
afterward, • but the principal feature of
the day was the raising of a new flag
over the largest building on the campus-
East Hall.
R. J. Trevorrow '98 presided, and Hugh
Baker '98 presented the flag to Dr. Mc-
Clish, who, in accepting it on behalf of
the university, spoke eloquently of its
meaning and the principles which it had
always symbolized.
The afternoon was given up to amuse
ments, the principal one of which was
tennis, at which game the faculty team
defeated the student team.
STATE SCHOOL-BOOK
SYSTEM A NECESSITY.
Hon. Grove L. Johnson Sets Forth
the Advantages of the Pres
ent Uniformity.
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— The State
School Book League met this evening,
and after a few remarks by Chairman
Dray, Hon. Grove L. Johnson read an
address settins forth the Importance of
maintaining the present State school
book system and the necessity of pro
tecting it from attack both open and
disguised. The address was adopted by
the league and authority given the exec
utive committee to have it published and
circulated throughout the State.
LABOR'S VOICE
IS PATRIOTIC
The Los Angeles County
Council Quick to
Take Action.
Begins the Organization of a
Company of Skilled
Mechanics.
Will at Once Offer Their Services
in Defense of the Nation's
Honor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 20.— Los An
geles County Council of Labor, repre
senting all organized labor in this
county, at its meeting this evening
passed resolutions to the effect that in
asmuch as organized labor had always
been the bulwark of free institutions in
this country, and that as it had never
been backward in coming to the de
fense of the nation, the patriotism of
members of various trade organizations
would never be questioned in the event
that their services were needed in the
impending war. The resolutions went
on to state that the county council ap
proved of the organization of a com
pany of its members, made up of
skilled mechanics, who wou,ld offer
their services to the regularly consti
tuted authorities.
Delegate Richard J. Colver, repre- j
senting the typographical union, re- i
cited the fact that in the war which i
now seemed imminent the services of
skilled mechanics would be in great de- j
mand by the United States, and, in his
opinion, patriotic, liberty-loving trades
unionists should not wait to be called
upon, but should offer their services j
before any call was made for troops.
He said that while labor had its griev
ances they could not be settled at a
time when the country's flag and the
country's honor had been outraged by
a foreign foe, and when insult to and
murder of American citizens by Spain
were unavenged.
Delegates Fiske and Harlow spoke in
favor of the resolutions. Delegate Har
riman, a socialist member, alone op
posed them. They were adopted with
but two opposing votes.
The muster roll was immediately
opened and signatures secured. The
company will be formed at once. In
all probability Frank Gill, president of
the Council of Labor, will be chosen |
captain. The design that will be fol
lowed is to recruit the company from
those trades that will most likely be
called upon to do effective work, like j
electrical workers. This will be the j
first company of volunteers organized
among the labor unions of the United
States for service in the Spanish-
American war.
High Price for Seed Wheat.
STOCKTON, April 20.— A large quantity
of seed wheat was sold in Stockton to-day
for |1.90 per hundred pounds.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■Wednesday, April 20.
Rtmr Newsboy, Ellefren, 20 hours from Usal,
bound south; put In to land passengers.
DOMESTIC PORTS
FORT BRAGG-Arrlved April 20-Schr Albert
Msyer, hence April 15.
Sailed April 20— Stmr Whttesboro, for San
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 20— Stmr Majes
tic, for Liverpool ; stmr Kensington, for Ant
werp: stmr Burgundy, for Marseilles.
Arrived April 20— Stmr Westernland, from
Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April 20— Stmr PavonJa,
for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 20 — Stmr
Paris, from New York.
Sailed April 20~Stmr Havel, for New York
BALTIMORE— Arrived April 20— Stmr Hestla,
from Glasgow.
Sailed April 20— Stmr Bohemia, for Ham
burg.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived April 20— Stmr Hel
ka, from New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* ■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+ ■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■-!
Three Classes of Men
TS THE TITLE OF A NEW
mf ||||i lately issued. He gives it
awa^ free to ail m^° cail ° r
1 vaT MWj wri te. It ls a Look that appeals
JTS THE TITLE OF A NEW
took which Dr. Sanden has
lately Issued. He gives It
away free to all who call or
write. It Is a hook that appeals
to all that is good and nohle in
ysflhjß^^syji[ . manhood and womanhood. It
tells how to huild up nerve and
J^^o^-^^^ vital energy, and how to attain
W^M§i^^^^W full and perfect physical man-
m*s%w//J^M%az£ hood and womanhood, . It points
out the ruinous errors or early Indiscretions, dissipation,
excesses, overwork and exposures, and points out the means
of a quick and permanent cure. It gives proof of the
wonderful cures made with electricity as applied hy Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt, the modern life-giver,
YOUNG MEN
Suffering from Vital Weaknesses of a personal nature, and their effects, who lack
vital force, nerve energy and muscular power, and have failed to attain strength
and perfect manhood ;
MIDDLE=AGED MEN
Who, for want of strength and vigor, whether Induced by Indiscretion, excesses
c are, overwork, mental anxiety, exposure or otherwise, find their physical power s
prematurely declining;
OLD MEN
Who think their waning vitality the natural result of the progress of old age and
decay, when it is simply the want of animal electricity and the power of the body
to reproduce it unaided. To the above we would earnestly commend the careful
perusal of the book. A pocket edition will be given free to all who will, call at
this office, or it will be sent by mail,' sealed, free to any address upon application
by letter or postal. A study of this little book may save you years of misery or
suffering. It is free. Get it at once. There is nothing more Important than
your health. Call or address .
SANDFN FI FCTRIC CO *~~~ *
OrtHUCl^ dlcv^ i rVlv- V.V., $5000 reward
632 Market Street, San Francisco. Will be paid for one of
NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— ■•; ': A, ■   " ,' "OI
632 MARKET STREET. these , Belts which falls
Office hours. 8 a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to generate a current of
to 1.: Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 204H ■t?t+*f*trt*-< r
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington Hiiectncuy.
street: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: *— — - — j+
Dallas/Tex.. 285 Main rtreet. -■ ■■
KEY WEST AN
ARMED CAMP
American Seamen Hail
the Approach of
Hostilities.
Miles Arrives to Confer With
Sampson About a Joint
Attack.
Fleet to Blockade Havana Harbor as
Soon as the War Breaks
Out.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., A; i 20.— Now
that the situation has become gTave so
suddenly the "Jackies" have ceased
their grumbling and naval officers are
awaiting orders to move. Key West
looks more like an armed camp than
ever before. Shore leaves are prac
tically suspended and sailors on shore
are here on business. The Cincinnati
and Marblehead' are coaling; filling
holes in their bunkers caused by doing
picket duty last night.
The swift auxiliary cruiser, Mayflow
er, Lieutenant Commander McKenzie,
has arrived from Newport. She ran
alongside the flagship for orders and
then came to anchor inside to get co:,!.a
She behaved beautifully coming dowrf
and is much admired as she rides at
anchor.
War correspondents are coming in
large numbers. Correspondents of tha
London Times and Daily Telegraph
came last night and will go with tha
squadron. Other English correspond
ents will go with the army of occupa*
tion.
All the coal needed by the warship*
is now on board, but water will ba
scarce until the completion of the grer/:
condenser now being set up by the
Government near the Custom House.
General Miles and Adjutant General
Corbin, his chief of staff, are expected
here to-morrow to confer with Captain
Sampson about the co-operation of the
army and navy.
I showed naval officers to-day the
dispatch announcing that the Spanish
cruisers Vizcaya and Oquendo had ar
rived at Cape Verde and that the Span
ish fleet would probably move to the
Canaries. They think it indicates that
the Spanish navy will not try to de
fend the Greater Antilles and that
Spain fears the flying squadron may
bombard Barcelona.
I visited the battleships lowa and
Indiana this evening. They are the
only ships of this class attached to the
Key West fleet, but the New York an i
the monitors can also stand in line of
battle. The lowa has four inches < f
steel armor and carries four 12-in?h,
guns in pairs in turrets, besides ei^ht
8- inch guns in pairs in turrets, two on
er;ch beam and a powerful battery of
smaller guns. The Indiana has Har
veyized steel armor four inches thicker
than her sister ship, and carries four C
13- inch guns. k
Divers are at work cleaning the b- t- *
terns of all ships, so as to increase their
speed.
News of the signing by President Mc-
Kinley of the ultimatum to Spain
caused great enthusiasm and excite
ment here to-day among Cuban refu
gees, of whom there are a great many
in Key West.
A regular fleet of newspaper boats is
lying at anchor .off the island, wit fa
steam up, ready to follow the war fleet
as soon as it moves for Cuba.
According to latest rumors the fleet
will blockade Havana in the hope o"
securing the submission of Spain before
resorting to sterner measures.
Australians Would Enlist.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., April 20.— A hun
dred colonists have offered their serv
ices to the American Consul, George W.
Bell, in the event of war between tha
United States and Spain.DOING POLITICS
LEADS DOCTORS
TO DISAGREE
Lively Scrimmage a Feature of
the State Medical Society's
Election.
FRESNO, April 20.— The second day's
session of the State Medical Society
was called to order by Tv. Baid, the
president, at 9 0 o'clock this morning.
The attendance was increased over that
of Tuesday s Fession by the arrival of
about thirty doctors from San Fran
cisco. Some twenty of these rentlemen
were the guests of Pr. Winslow Ander
son. Prominent in the list of those
v ho arrived last night were Drs. Bev
erley Cole, Winslow Andersu*. Farrell,
Yon Hoffman W. E. Hopkins, Ford
and Adams.
In spite of the many exc..ent scien
tific parers submitted polite -, was the
one all-absor. ng question, aid it led
to very v. -leasant results in the after
noon session. Noticeable among the
papers and qr Uio: 3 discussed were
the following: "Brain Surgery," by Dr.
D. D. Crowley of Oakland, the discus
sion being opened by Dr. Bi -Jnard of
Los Angeles; "Stranp"'lated Hernia, or
Report • f Ten Cases," by Dr. Emmet
Rixford of San Francisco: "Where the
Leg Should Be Amputated," by J. P.
Dunn of Oakland; "Present Condition
and Advances in Renal Surgery," by
Dr. L. Bazet of San Francisco.
During the afternoon session the fol
lowing topics were discussed: "Acute
Yellow Atrophy oi the Liver." by Dr.
C. Murphy of Los Angeles; "Pathologi
cal Foundations of the Gastric Fluids
and Their :< "nificance," by A. J. San
derson of St. Helena; "The Relation
Existing Between the Sexual Organs
and Insanity," by Dr. J. W. Robertson
of Livermore; "Si idy of One Hundred
Cases of Epilepsy," by Dr Philip King
Brown.
The election of officers was made the
special feature of business for 3 o'clock,
and when that time was reached the
routine business and election of officers
were taken up. Dr. William LeMayne
Wills of i-.os . ngeles was the first man
recognized by the eh ir. and in an elo
quent speech he nominated Dr. William
Watt Kerr of San Francisco, who has
been the secretary of the society for
ten years, and was elected first vice
president last ■'•ear with the tacit un
derstanding, it is sa- ' that he should
T'e the president this year. The nomina
tion was seconded by Dr. J. Denis Arn
old of San rrani lr Dr. Aver then
,:.ated Dr. William F. McNutt for
1 resident and the nomination was sec
onded by Dr. Walter Lindley of Los
Angeles. Dr. McNutt. thougn occupy
ing a (hair in the faculty of the medi
cal department of the University of
California, was the candidate put for
ward by the newly organized College
of Physicians and Surgeons of San
Francisco, which was started by Dr.
Winslow A -derson about two years
ago.
A great deal of bitter feeling has
SWELLING THE
LIST OF DEAD
Names Added to the Role |
of Dyea Avalanche
Victims.
Two San Francisco Men Found
Buried Beneath the
Slide.
Boms Bodies Will Not Be Recovered
Until the Summer Sun Thaws
the Snow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 20.— The steamship
Humboldt brings the offiiclal list of the
dead recovered from the Chilkoot Pass
enow slide of April 3. A number of
new names appear on the list. They
are:
William Carroll, San Francisco.
A. O. Anderson, San Francisco.
Mark Welsh, Butto, Mont.
Henry Yearger, Los Angeles.
Jfff Sailing, Weiser, Idaho.
John Vogle, Los Angeles.
Curtiss C. Turner, Omaha, Nebr.
Albridge D. Bissell, Palarine, 111.
Thomas J. Wall, Hazel, S. Dak.
Albridge D. Bissell is undoubtedly
the A. A. Bissell mentioned in the first
list as being a resident of Seattle. Wil
liam Carroll of San Francisco is prob- i
ably the correct name for W. Carl of
California, as given in the earlier lists.
The only additions to the list of Se
attle dead are the names of Chris John
eon and Oscar Johnson. Several Seattle
people whose names were in the first
list of dead sent out do not appear on
the late list. Among them are Ed
Cook, George Overton, C. R. Homer,
Con Riser, Weed Garrison and A. Chap
pell. Some of these have been heard
from and all are believed to be alive.
Some of the bodies are still held at
Sheep Camp awaiting instructions from
friends or relatives in the States. Oth
ers have been buried near the scene of
the terrible disaster. In the new ceme
tery, provided by Colonei Anderson and
the Federal troops, a number of
mounds show where others have found
thHr last resting place. A number of
bodies have been brought to Seattle on
the steamers and turned over to rela
tives or friends.
Purser Twiggs says that on Friday
night last the work of digging into the
pile that lies across the trail and
marks the site of the crowning dis
aster of the most remarkable rush for
g»ld the world has ever seen had
stopped. Travel has been resumed, and
no more bodies are likely to be recov
ered until the sun melts away the huge
pile of snow that it i 3 believed covers
the remains of possibly a dozen more
victims.
PATROL DUTY OF
THE FLEET CRUISERS.
An Increase of the Vigilance by the
Squadron on Guard at
Key West.
KEY WEST, Fa.. April 20. — The
cruiser Cincinnati is missing from the
squadron to-night. With the Marble
head she went on patrol duty last
right. Hitherto this duty haß taken
been aroused over this election for
president, the supporters of Dr. Kerr
claiming that Dr. Anderson had pr d
the expenses of thirty-six members to
come to Fresno- to vote for Dr. McNutt.
Dr. MacMonagle spoke very feelingly
in favor of Kerr, and said that while
he liked and respected Dr. McNutt, he
disapproved of the methods of Dr. An
derson and Dr. McNutt in undertakii-g
to secure the latter's election.
While the voting was in progress Dr.
S. O. L. Potter, a supporter of Dr. Mc-
Nutt, and a member of the faculty of
the College of Physicians and Sur
geons, and Dr. MacMonagle became in
volved in an altercation, and Dr. Pot
ter struck Dr. MacMonagle in the face
with an umbrella. The blow was severe
and made an ugly bruise on Dr. Mac-
Monagle's forehead. During the alter
cation Dr. Potter had exclaimed:
"Dr. MacMonagle, do you mean to
say that I am a liar?"
"I did not call you a liar, sir, but if
you wish to construe my remarks that
way you may do so," Dr. MacMonagle
replied.
Instantly Dr. Potter lunged at Dr.
MacMonagle with his umbrella, and, as
Dr. MacMonagle dodged, the ferule of
the umbrella struck him on the fore
head. They were at once separated,
and Dr. Potter attempted to bite the
arms of the men who interfered and
held him. Dr. Arnold struck at Potter
to help MacMonagle, but was re
strained and did not reach his man.
Another encounter occurred in the
melee between Dr. Potter and Dr. Arn
old, but was not serious.
A motion was made by Dr. Montgom
ery to appoint a committee of three to
at once investigate Dr. Potter's assault
and report to the society before the end
of the present session. Dr. MacMon
agle opposed the motion, saying that he
would personally attend to Dr. Patter,
but the resolution was carried. The
committee, composed of Drs. Pedlar,
Robertson and Brainard, received the
testimony of Dr. Potter and his friends.
Dr. Kerr was elected president by one
vote, forty-eight ballots being cast for
Kerr and forty-seven for McNutt. Dr.
Hodghead of San Francisco was. elected
secretary over Dr. Cheney, the incum
bent, by a majority of two votes. Dr.
Pedlar was elected first vice-president
and Dr. Cole of Los Angeles second
vice-president. Drs. Williamson, Wads
worth, Carpenter, Barbat, Kelly, Fris
bie and Dodge were elected as the
Board of State Medical Examiners,
with Drs. Woodward, Philip M. Jones
and Howard as alternates.
In the evening the society was ten
dered a banquet by the San Joaquin
Valley Medical Society, and an exceed
ingly pleasant evening was enjoyed
with these gentleman as hosts. Dr.
MacMonagle responded to the toast
"After the War." He said he was "still
in the ring, though somewhat dam
aged."
the acting ships eight or ten miles out
In the waters of the gulf, and they have
usually returned early next morning.
Last night for the first time two cruis
ers were assigned instead of one. This
morning the Marblehead returned as
usual, but not the Cincinnati, which
had not been sighted up to nightfall.
Inquiry developed the fact that a
message was signaled to her from the
ilagship early this morning. Its import
has not been ascertained on shore, but
the answer was waved back, "Still nine
miles out. Will follow orders." What
these orders were are known only to
the commanding officers ;^ the fleet and
the Cincinnati. The Cincinnati was
most likely sent further out to gain
greater command of the entrance to
these waters from the Cuban side. This
was the first occasion when the guard
was kept on duty all night and the fol
lowing day.
LITTLE EAST SIDE PAGANS.
They Gamble and Know Less About
Religion Than Young Pata
gonians.
Magistrate Meade, in the Essex Market
Court yesterday, applied the usual test
to determine the knowledge of youthful
witnesses as to the nature of an oath,
with results which astonished him. He
was called upon to apply the test by
Lawyer Mandelbaum, counsel for Bernard
Raeder, proprietor of a candy store at 77
Lewis street, who -was arraigned on the
charge of maintaining a gambling resort
in the rear of the candy store. Agents
Agnew and Moore of the Gerry Society
raided the store late on Friday night and
found eight boys sitting around two
tables playing casino. There was
a pile of pennies in the center of the
tables and packages of chewing gum and
candy in front of the boys. The boys
explained at the time that thf-y were
playing a three-cent game and that two
cents went into the ••kitty" at the con
clusion of the game. The "kitty," they
declared, went to Raeder. The Gerry
agents arrested Raeder and the boy cujU
players. The ages of the boys ranged
from 10 to 14 years.
When the case was called in the Police
Court yesterday Agents Moore and Ag-
I new declared that they had witnessed no
' playing, but ottered the boys as witnesses
' against Raeder. The first boy called be
■ gan to explain tne alleged gambling. Mr.
I Mandelbaum sMd: "I object. This boy
does not know .he nature of an oath."
"We will see," said Magistrate Meade.
i "Little boy," said the magistrate, "where
do had boys go when they die."
"They go to heaven," answered the
boy.
•l>o you know what the Bible is?" con
tinuea the magistrate,
'•^es sir, it Is a book," replied the boy.
"( !all the next witness, saiu . ■ magis
trate, with a disgusted look on his face.
"Do you know what an oath is. asked
the magistrate when the next boy was
called.
"Yes, sir. It's where somebody asks you
to go to court when dey Is arrested to
swear against de cops.
"Little boy," continued the magistrate,
"let me ask you the first question in cate
chism. Who miulfi y v?"
"Ah, say, what you given me," replied
the boy.
"I cannot accept this evidence," naid
the magistrate. "It would not hold
downtown. I am forced to discharge the
prisoner."
The boys, upon their release, were ljud
ly cheered by about 200 other boys who
had gathered in the street in front of the
courthouse.— New York Sun.
The Elkus Eecital.
A delightful piano recital was given
last evening in honor of Master Albert S.
Elkus, the young pianist, in the ballroom
attached to the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. de Young, kindly placed at
the disposal of the friends of the young
musician. Mr. Elkus fully demonstrated
his ability to handle the works of the
masters with a touch that promises to
place him in the front rank of musi
cians.
St. Louis's Domestic Science Club,
organized to elevate fhe domestic ser
vant and domestic work and to con
duct cooking classes in order to im
prove the health of mankind, is receiv
ing many letters from men seeking
wives, who want advice on the sub
ject from the club.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
•r without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
COLD LEAD
FOR ENGINEER
AND OUTLAW
Two Masked Men Rob
the Santa Fe Over
land.
One Mortally Wounded
by a Brave Express
Messenger.
Member of the Train's Crew
Killed by the Same Charge
of Shot.
STEPS BEFORE A GUN.
.L: fa Sacrificed In the Defense of
the Wells- Fargo Express-
Car.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 20.— The
Santa Fe overland No. 1 westbound
was held up at the Mojave River
bridge, two miles west of Oro Grande,
this county, at 2:40 o'clock this morn
ing. Engineer Gifford was killed by
Express Messenger Mott, stepping in
front of one of the robbers just as
Mott fired. The outlaw was mortally
wounded by the same charge.
The hold-up occurred at a sharp
curve, with a high cut on one side and
an embankment on the other, ending in
Mojave River. The train slackens its
speed to about ten miles an hour over
this stretch. The overland reached Oro
Grande on time. There the two rob
bers must have boarded the mailcar
steps, and when the train reached the
curve they climbed over the tender.
In the cab were Engineer A. C. Gif
ford, Fireman C. H. Hicks and C. F.
Clark of Barstow. A tapping on the
tender attracted their attention. Look
ing around, they saw the muzzles of
two guns held by masked men. They
were ordered to stop the train. Then
the robber, who is now known to be
Tolbert Jones of Oro Grande, march
ed the fireman and Clark back to un
couple the express and mail cars.
While they were thus engaged A. C.
Mott, the express messenger, looked
out and was shot at.
The train bein<r on a curve, it was
impossible to uncouple the baggage
car. The mailcar, which was on the
straightest track, was taken to a spur
some distance ahead by .the two rob
bers and the engineer. After it had
been ransacked the robbers came back
on the light engine for another try at
the express car, but in the darkness
• hit the train heavily, jamming the
•. couplings.
While the robbers were away with
! the mailcar the messenger came out,
• and, with Clark, took up a position on
I the steps at the rear of the express car.
I The robbers, unable to couple the car,
; ordered the engineer down to help
j them. When he was between the en
! gine and the car Mott drew a bead on
i one of the robbers, but as he pulled the
! trigger Gifford stepped out, receiving
i the charge in the head and breast, dy
! ing instantly. The outlaw was wound
' ed in the neck and chest and rolled
I over the embankment.
Clark then crawled up to reconnoiter,
i and, finding the other robber had fieri,
!he went between the engine and the
I car and found Gifford. About twenty
! feet down the bank was the wounded
! bandit, unconscious. In his hand was
i a bloody mask, and in one of his coat
j pockets were found six sticks of dyna
! mite, with fuse and caps. His first
! question on gaining consciousness was:
"Why did they shoot me? I was only
hunting stray cattle."
Conductor Platner. at the first inkling
of the hold-up, had stolen back to Oro
Grande, and about the time the outlaw
! recovered consciousness Platner arrived
; with a Constable and four men. The
; body of Gifford and the wounded robber
i were put into the baggage car and the
I train ran to Victor. While at Oro
i Grande the conductor telegraphed to
this city and a special was sent out at
; 5:10 with a Sheriff and posse aboard.
: Engineer Morgan of Victor took ("rif
ford's place, and the overland arrived
| here a little over an hour late.
Jones was left at Victor for medical
assistance. There he was recognized as
an Oro Grande butcher and an old resi
dent. He is very well known, but has
borne an unsavory reputation and been
regarded as a cattle thief.
During the forenoon another special
was dispatched with District Attorney
Daley, Assistant Sprecher, Stenogra
pher Benjamin, Deputy Sheriffs Wha
ley and Heap, United States Deputy
Marshal Pourade, Special Santa Fe De
tective King and Sheriff Johnson of
Riverside, with bloodhounds.
To-night at 9:15 the special train ar
rived from Victor with District Attor
ney Daley and party, who brought the
wounded robber. Jones was shot in the
neck and chest, the charge ranging
downward into the pleural cavity. It is
supposed his backbone was injured as
he is paralyzed from the chest down.
When told of the evidence against him
he claimed he was out hunting horses.
He saw the engine standing and went
up to see what was wrong. Just thtn
he received a load of buckshot. He
says that if a mask and dynamite were
found on him some one put them there.
Sheriff Johnson with his bloodhounds
also returned, a high sand storm hav
ing destroyed the scent.
Coroner Keating met the overland on
its arrival here, and with a jury viewed
the remains of Gifford, and then per
mitted the body to be taken to his home
in Los Angeles. The inquest will be
held to-morrow.
Gifford was well educated and well
to do. He was insured for about $5000
and was a member of the Masonic and
Knights of Pythias lodges. His widow
resides in Los Angeles. The run which
cost his life was not his regular run,
he having taken the place of an en
gineer whose locomotive needed minor
repairs.
Express Messenger Albert Clarke
Mott, who saved the company many
thousands, is a Colton boy about 29
years old and runs between Los An
geles and Albuquerque. He formerly
was assistant to W. S. Bullis of Wells-
Fargo, now general auditor for this
section. He is grief-stricken over Gif
ford's death. Both he and Clark de
clare Gifford was out of sight when
the gun was aimed, and no blame is
attached to Mott.
R. E. Bledsoe, a local attorney, was
on the train and his face was bruised
when the engine was bumped against
i
BARELY ESCAPES
BEING LYNCHED
BY ARGONAUTS.
The Promoter of a F^Ke Mining
Scheme Brought iQ IroQS
to Victoria.
VICTORIA, April 20— On board the steamship Tees, which arrived
from the north this evening, was a prisoner in irons. He was William
T. Grider, the Californian, who left here about the beginning of March
with fifty men, most of them well-to-do Stocktonians, who each paid
him $75 in consideration for his leading them to rich gold fields on Na
tion River, in the Omenica country, where, according to his circular,
sent out before the organization of the expedition, they could make
at least $100 a day.
Grider claimed to have been all through this country, but subse
quent events proved that he had never been north, having obtained all
his information from fining Recorder Wells of Hazelton and other
northern mining men and from Professor Dawson's report of the coun
try, made ten years ago. A portion of his circular is taken from this
word for word.
When the party left Victoria it proceeded north on the Boscowitz
to the Naas, and all went well until on arriving at the headwaters of
the inlet it found the trail impassable. The men then began to mur
mur and a miners' meeting was cabled to discuss ways and means. They
sent Mrs. Grider back to Port Simpson with most of the supplies and
went in light.
Arriving at Aiyansh they found the trail all but impracticable and
another meeting was held. Many of the party made threats of violence
against Grider, and if it had not been for the intervention of the
calmer members he would have been maltreated, if not killed. From
there until the time of the arrival at Hazelton the murmurings and
clamoring of the party against its leader increased in violence, and
on arriving there they took him prisoner and according to the miners
whom came down on the Tees it intended to lynch him. The authori
ties interfered, however, and a special constable was sworn in to bring
Grider to Victoria. He is now in jail awaiting trial on charges of ob
taining money under false pretenses and perjury, preferred against
him by members of his party.
Eleven of the party came down on the Tees. Most of the others
axe stranded at Port Simpson and Hazelton.
Grider, when asked if he would make a statement to The Call,
said he was satisfied that his character would be vindicated in the
end.
+ + + + + + -»-<r-r^^^^-- T T
the cars He said only those few
who were awake were conscious of
1 booty obtained is not
known. ,
MESSENGER MOTT'S STORY.
Saw Only the Robber When He Fired
the Fatal Shot.
OS ANGELES. April 20.-The Santa
F e west-bound passenger train, which
was held up near Oro Grande, arrived
here at 9:4o o'clock. On the train was
the body of Engineer E. A. Gifford. C.
A Mott, the express messenger, tells
th^r^ nS wi OO d rr nn y esday morning our
train had" just pulled out of Ore Grande
„ v. Q rf lust left. I was conscious that
Si. tmin was backing pretty fast. and.
owning my door. I called to the brake
man. H. T. Thorn: .
•' 'What's the matter?
"He replied: t
?^&SS££ "fte bunet too*
effect in the jamb of the door, and a
r?if JfaSorVn of my car and at once
Ingine Tsaw the figure of a man with
5 rifle in his hand. Clark said to me
™ is the fellow who uncoupled the
m l asked him if he was sure, and on
some sixty feet to the edge of the
, rh.^r The other robber, who was try
lin to couple the engine to the express
car turned and fled when he saw his
PJ 2££n "Sf tSrtto get the man who
was shot we found Engineer Gifford
had also got part of the charge of shot.
He died in a few minutes. The robber
came to and was brought to Victor,
where we left him still alive.
MoU says he has no knowledge of
how Gifford could have received part
of the shot. He is positive that he saw
' but one man when he pulled his trig
i ger and he thinks Gifford must have
i been crouching behind the bank and
arose. just as the shot was fired.
DEMAND FOR WEAPONS
GREATER THAN SUPPLY.
Government Must Press the Old
Smooth-Bore Guns Into
Service.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The Board
of Naval Bureau chiefs Is considering
the advisability of utilizing some of
the old converted smooth-bore guns
for the auxiliary cruisers. Working
day and night and using up the raw
material for the manufacture of guns
as rapidly as it can be produced, the
naval ordnance b»reau is unable to
minr.lv the enormous demand now
made upon it for guns of medium
caliber This is the case, notwith
standing the fact that almost all avail
able ordnance of this character In for
eign markets has been purchased. A
laree part of the guns that have been
, pt ar) art for the auxiliary navy have
"been absorbed by the recently pur
chased Morgan line vessels, and it is
the intention of the board to supply
deficiencies. _
TROOPS TO REPEL
MEXICAN BANDITS.
Texas Ranger Forces Ordered to
Concentrate on the Southern
Frontier.
AUSTIN. Tex., April 20.— Adjutant-
General Mabr- y this evening ordered
the ranger forces to concentrate on the
southern and western frontier for the
curDOse of repelling attacks from Mexi
can outlaws, fear of which is justified
by reports from that end of the State.
Captain McDonald's company will go
to Valentine, and Captain Hughes will
take his men to Langtry, while the
companies commanded by Captains
Rogers and Brooks will remain at
Alicia and Cotilla. Orders were also
issued for the immediate recruiting of
each company to double the present
strength.
WANT GENERAL LEE
TO GOVERN CUBA.
Island Befugees at Aej West For-
ward a Memorial to the
President.
NEW YORK, April 20.— A Key West
(Fla.^ special to the Herald says: At a
meeting of Cubans to-night a resolu
tion was unanimously adopted Indors
ing the resolutions passed by Congress
and commending the attitude of Presi
dent McKinley. Their resolution peti
tions the President that, after the
Spania ds have been driven from Cuba, |
he appoint General Fitzhugh Lee Gov
ernor-General of the island until a sta
ble republican government can be es
tablished. Prominent Cubans here ex
press their utmost confidence in Gen
eral Lee's ability and Integri y.
Round Valley Cowboys Enlist.
UKIAH, April 20.— An enthusiastic I
meeting was held this afternoon at !
Mission Hall to form a company of Cv- !
ban volunteers for active service. Pa- :
triotic speeches were made by T. L. !
Carothers, Captain Abe Marks and oth- :
er prominent citizens. Harry White of :
Round Valley is organizing a company
of mounted cowboys.
Americans in Paris Serene.
LONDON, April 21.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily News says: The
war is the invariable topic everywhere,
but there is a strange absence of ex
citement in the American colony, which
is quite serene as to the issue, and does
not expect a protracted conflict. From
conversations with a naval expert, an
American authority who has just come
here from Spain, I learn it is expected
that the Spanish fleet will concentrate
at Cape Verde and steam on full force
across the Atlantic.
Bars Infected .trait.
VIENNA, April 20.— A decree was pub
lished to-day forbidding the Importation
of American fresh fruit, plants, fresh
fruit refuse, fruit wrappers and fruit
packings, etc.. In cases where the exam
ination at the port of entry reveals the
San Jose scale.
Encountered a Heavy Gale.
MONTEVIDEO, April 20.— The ship
Benjamin Sew-all, which sailed from Bal
timore on January 20 for San Francisco,
put in here to-day partially dismasted,
having encountered a heavy gale.
Don Carlos in Brussels.
BRUSSELS, April 20.— Don Carlos,
the Spanish pretender, arrived to-night.
ABUSING AN EDUCATION.
The Neglect of Self-Culture Is a
Ruinous Wastefulness of
Advantages.
In a thoughtful paper on "A Waste
of Education," in the March Woman's
Home Companion, Brand Bunner Hud
dleston speaks of the tendency of wo
men to permit their talents to rust out:
"Mental culture may be the most
costly or the most valuable gift of par
ents to their children, just as they care i
of it after they get it. It is certain that j
few would equally neglect a material |
property of like monetary cost as they |
often do their educations. This, too,
when money is the very shortest tape
line by which a mental gift may be
measured. Perhaps it is due in part to
the mistaken idea that when we have
quitted the schoolroom we carry with !
us a stationary fund of knowledge that i
will or ought to be sufficient for our j
future. » * *
"Look at the piles of hard dollars and
the illimitable hours of time spent ev
ery year in the study and practice of
music alone; except for the good they |
are to teachers and to the makers of i
musical instruments, the half might as !
well be wiped out of existence at one
clean sweep. A decent little eternity !
might be made out of the time. And
thifl continues to exist and repeat it- I
self generation after generation in the i
very face of the fact that music is an |
incomparable addition to home life, and ,
on that account, if for no more lofty |
or selfish reason, ought to be perfected |
and never neglected by women.
"How many of your women friends j
will undertake to entertain even the j
family circle with a creditable per
formance? Usually their pianos stand
idle from the period immediately suc
ceeding their marriage until there are
daughters old enough to be put at les
sons; then the old folly will be re
peated. What folly? Not the plac
ing of children to study music or any
other accomplishment that is for their
good or that the purse will permit.
Let them have all the advantages
within reach, but also teach them ap
preciation; the folly consists in foster
ing through example, and by a tacit
acceptance of the existing state of
things, the idea that it can be other
than a sinful waste of time to acquire
a good thing and then neglect it. No
one has any business to learn a thing
that is not worth remembering. It is
foolish from a merely utilitarian point
of view. Thus it may not be possible
or desirable for every mother to teach
her own children, though some count
it a sweet privilege to do so, yet it
pays them to keeo thoroughly posted,
if only to judge of the quality of work
being done by the teacher, and to sup
ply that home co-oneration which is
so needful to the conscientious student
and the teacher."
_— — — — —— —
DIED.
RYAN— In this city, April 21. IS!>S, Henry, be
loved son of John and Catherine Ryan, a na
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 years 11
j months and 21 daj-»
MARTIAL LAW
AT SHEEP CAMP
Colonel Anderson Takes
Action to Preserve
The Peace.
Packers Tramp Over Bodies of
Victims of the Dyea
Avalanche.
News of a Double Murder Brought
From Fort Wrangel by tho
Del^Norta.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 20.— The steamer
Humboldt arrived in port to-day from
Skaguay, having left there on Friday
last. The most interesting information j
brought down is that on March 14 a j
declaration of martial law at Sheep
Camp was made by Colonel Anderson,
U. S. A., commanding the District of
Lynn Canal. This action was an after
math of the Chilcoot horror of April 3.
During the days immediately following j
Colonel Anderson saw enough to satisfy I
him that martial law was the only way
to hold the mob of eager Klondikers in
check.
Several of the scenes following the
disaster were disgraceful. For two
days after the slide the packers kept
off the trail, but they soon began to get
uneasy and started in to pack, con
trary to the orders of the citizens'
committee. This seriously interfered
with the work of the army of rescu- '.
ers, who were digging into the pile of j
snow to recover the buried bodies. A j
collision between the triends of the j
dead men and the packers, who per
sisted in pushing their way through, j
was narrowly averted. Threats of
lynching were freely made, but wiser
counsel prevailed. Fake embalmers ap
peared on the scene, and when their
designs had been exposed the excite
ment ran high.
Gambling at Sheep Camp has been
continually on the increase and sure
thing men are beginning to get in their
work.
These are among the reasons that i
caused Colonel Anderson to declare i
martial law. On the day that this or- :
der was issued a detachment of thirty
men was sent forward from the Dyea
military camp. They assumed control
and all" was quiet when the Humboldt
left. The order has the support o-f the
better classes.
The latest arrivals from Walsh and
Lake Creek districts are L. A. Davies
! and R. R. Reed. They left the former
I stream on April 5 and intend to return
very soon.
They say there are forty-five loca
tions on Lake Creek, which is four
miles long and is staked from the
mouth to the summit. Walsh Creek is
fifty-five miles long, and is staked for
thirty-five miles of that distance. A
good many of the first ones to stake on
the Walsh Creek took up 100-foot
claims only, but since learning that
they are entitled to 250 feet, they have
now been given the right to go up
stream\and stake 150 feet more. Mr.
Reed says that he believes that the ice
will be out of the river about April 25.
During the recent heavy weather
Peter Anderson, a boatman, was
j drowned while attempting to bring a
! passenger from Dyea to Skaguay. The
boat was upset and both men swam
around for a time, until Anderson final
ly went down. The passenger, who was
I a commercial traveler, caught hold of
the upturned boat and clung to it until
it floated ashore.
The bark Mercury still lies on its
beam ends in the water at Skaguay.
Much of her deckload has been taken
off on lighters. Many believe that the
Mercury can never be raised.
On April 14 a small snowslide on the
trail, near the summit of White Pass,
1 demolished the Ford Hotel. No one
was in the building at the time.
The steamer Del Norte, which ar
rived here to-day from Fort Wrangel,
Alaska, brings meager particulars of a
double murder on the Stickeen River.
The names of the murdered men were
Burns and Henrickson of hilliwhack
They were killed by a Swede named
Clow, who has not yet been appre
hended.
Other fatalities reported are the kill
ing of a man by the name of Collins of
Los Angeles, Cal., by the falling of a
tree, and the drowning of a man
named Black of lowa in the big
canyon.
THE GROWTH OF CITY POPULA
TIONS.
The sudden growth of great cities is
the first result of the phenomenon of Im
migration which we have to note. We
think of this as essentially an American
problem. We comfort, ourselves in our
Failures of municipal administration with
! that thought. This is a grievous decep
tion. Most of the European cities have
increased In population more rapidly than
in America. Shaw has emphasized the
' same fact in his brilliant work on "Mv
i nicipal Government in Europe." This is
particularly true of great German urban
centers. Berlin has outgrown our own
metropolis, New York, in less than a
generation, having in twenty-five years
added as many actual new residents as
Chicago, and twice as many as Philadel
phia. Hamburg has gained twice as many
in population since 1575 as Boston; Leipsic
has distanced St. Louis.
The same demographic outburst has oc
curred in the smaller German cities as
well. Cologne has gained the lead over
Cleveland, Buffalo and Plttsburg, al
! though in 1880 it was the smallest of the
i four. Magdeburg has grown faster than
! Providence in the last ten years. Dussel
[ dorf has likewise outgrown St. Paul. Be
i yond the confines of the German empire,
, from Norway to Italy, tiie same is true.
1 Stockholm has doubled its population;
j Copenhagen has increased two and one
! half times; Christianla has trebled its
1 numbers in a generation. Rome has in
! creased from 154.000 in IS6O to 450,000 in 1594.
Vienna, including Its suburbs, has grown
three times over within the same period.
Paris from ISSI to 1891 absorbed four-fifths
of the total increase of population for all
of France within the same period.—Pro
fessor Rlpley in Appkton's Popular Scl
! ence Monthly for March.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^lTWDlilpietlK:
809 Market Street/corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7,
Consultation— FßEE.
\ «\fPa(J Of lulC It S Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
. o^»vT */ &Hf ' and" Painless Extraction.
>KR»^K. \i I* A/ &/ JK The Clinio is always ahead in Advanced Dental
v^s\ y^W^ftfe,; Cj> " Scicnoe. No students employed.
Aj^ ''y&?*?\ __i-» For the next 30 days our prices will be:
X^ - . ftp '?'/,'%& <^^ FULL SET OF TEETIt f0r.... $4 50 up
2 -fef2 */{'•'■£ '/M*~^ GOLD CROWNS. 22k 3 50 up
* jI. J-J&lZ'- .V%^/'#lL BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3 50 up
*°zm J%^ Yo^^ A Physician Always in Attendance.
<y Wj & \ | Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TrPTiiTI II CHOwSS- LADY ATTENDANT.
1 LLTUti f\ Ey CROWNED
ILL I n %$} & Brldscwoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. - DR. T. E. STRONO.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; tundava I to 'i p. in.
WAR HEROES
ON PARADE
"Remember the Maine"
the Cry of Veterans
at Nevada City.
Imposing Procession Threads
the Streets of the Moun
tain Town,
Visitors Are Shown Miners at Work
Two Thousand Feet Below '
tho Surface.
Special DisDatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 20.— The day
of the great parade In honor of the
Grand Army organizations opened sun
less, but by 10 o'clock the clouds had
broken away and the fear that the
city's magnificent decorations might be
spoiled and the proposed pageant inter
rupted by rain were set at rest. People
began pouring in at an early hour from
surrounding towns, thousands coming
from Grass Valley alone. By 11 o'clock
not less than 6000 people were on tha
streets.
The procession was the most Impos
ing ever seen in this county. Thera
were two bands and the cadet drum
corps. Companies C and I of the Sec
ond Regiment, California Infantry.
commanded by Colonel J. W. Guthrie;
the colonel's staff; 200 Grand Army vet
erans; Hydraulic Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West; Nevada City Com
pany, Knights of Sherwood Forest;
volunteer fire department, and 700 chil
dren of the Nevada City public schools
in uniform. A platoon of police headed
the procession.
The line of march included Broad,
Main, Pine, Cottage and Commercial
streets. Every building along these
business and residence thoroughfares
was profusely decorated with red,
white and blue. The old veterans were
the star attraction of the day, and con
tinual cheering greeted them from
start to finish. Each of the school
classes had a patriotic yell and the Na
tive Sons kept up a rattling volley of
Rah, rah. rah! '
Here's to the Maine.
Cuba, Cuba.
Down with Spain.
They yelled this in passing the veter
ans on the countermarch. The old sol
diers took it up and shouted it over
and over with gusto.
This afternoon all available convey
ances in the city and vicinity were
brought into requisition and the city's
guests were taken to the quartz mine^,
where the men and the least timid of
the women were lowered to the boitora
levels, from 1500 to 2000 feet beneath
the surface, and saw the miners ex
tracting quartz. They were shown
through the mills and chlorination
works and saw the whole process of
separating gold from rock and making
it into bars of bullion.
To-night the various encampments
held business sessions in their halls.
They will hold morning and afternoon
sessions to-morrow, and in the even
ing will be entertained at a banquet to
be given at Ar;nory Hall under the di
rection of the local relief corps and Na
tive Daughters. Friday was originally
programmed by the committee of fifty
as Grass Valley day, but as the citizens
of that place have made no arrange
ments to entertain the veterans they
do not contemplate going to Grass Val
ley in a body.
The tight for department command
ership between Veterans Seamans,
Cahen, Stone and Cushing is waxing
warm. Cahen is making aggressive
efforts through his lieutenants to cap
ture the honor, but so far no candidate
appears to have any "cinch" on the
coveted place. To-night all sides admit
that on the first ballot in the morning
Colonel Stone is likely to lead, but his
opponents seem confident he cannot
hold his forces intact later.
Several more delegates arrived on to
day's trains. Among them were J. P.
Meehan, Captain R. P. Thomas and
Phil I. Fisher, of George H. Thomas
Post; Captain F. L. Clarke, quarter
master of the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville, and W. W. Stone, president of the
Lincoln Memorial Association, which is
striving to raise funds to erect a Lin
coln monument at San Francisco. The
association wants $100,000, but after
fourteen months' labor has raised only
51400 through the 25-cent certificate
plan. President Stone says there is a
scheme now formulating by which it is
believed the money will be secured in a
reasonable time. Veterans throughout
the country will be asked for offerings
on next Memorial day and then an ap
peal will be made to wealthy and patri
otic citizens at large to make up the
deficit. A number of liberal donations
have already been promised in the East
under this scheme.
The following were elected by the
Grand Army encampment to-night
members of the Veterans' Home Asso
ciation: Colonel J. C. Currier, re
elected past department commander;
Charles E. Wilson of Thomas Post. San
Francisco, re-elected; William J. Rud
dock, Meade Post; Judge R. F. Craw
ford, Santa Rosa; J. C. Campbell.
I Stockton. ,
The "biggest" and most profitable
gold mine in America is probably El
Ora, 100 miles from the City of Mexico,
seven-eighths of which is owned by J.
B. Haggin and Marcus Daly, the other
fraction being held in London. It pays
a net profit of about $400,000 a month.
According to the Premier of New Zea
land a homing pigeon flev from Victoria
to New Zealand in three days The dis
tance is about 1000 miles, and the bird
must have flown without refet at a speed
of about fifteen miles an hour.
910
VICTORY FOR
BLIE AND COLD
The Intercollegiate Wheel
Race Decided at
San Jose.
Squires of Berkeley Wins With
Randolph of Stanford
Second.
Gains Five Points for His Team to
Four for the Representatives of
Stanford.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
SAX JOPE. April 20.— The bicycle
races of the Stanford-University ef
California intercollegiate field day was
run off at Cyclers' Park this afternoon
in the presence of about 200 representa
tives of the universities. Squires of the
University of California won, Rudolph
of Stanford second and Hahn of Stan
ford third. The university of Califor
nia secured five of the nine points. The
lirst place in tin- race counted five
points, second place three points and
third one point. The race was run in
two one-mile heats, the first and sec
ond in each lu-at to qualify for the
two-mile final.
The summary follows:
First heat, one mile— Squires (Califor
nlai, tirst ; Marvin (Stanford), second;
Sayer (California), third; Cross tStan
ford), fourth.
•nd r ....:. .>ne mile— Hahn (Stanford),
first; Rudolph (Stanford), second); Mur
phy (Stanford), third; Childs (California),
fourth; Cheminant (California), fifth.
Final, two miles— Squires (California),
lirst; Rudolph (Stanford), second; Hahn
(Stanford), third; Marvin (Stanford),
fourth. No time was announced.
The race was preliminary to the in
tercollegiate field day to be held in San
Francisco on Saturday.
FIRST TO THE WIRE.
Placed Horses in Racing Events on
Three Eastern Tracks.
MEMPHIS, April 80.— Resulta at Mont
gomery Park:
Six turlongs, soiling. Belle Ward won,
Empress Josephine second, Saratoga
third. Time, 1 :18.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds. Cathedral
won. Chimura second, Clarence B third.
Time, 1:04%.
mile, selling, Sedan won, Sidonian
second, Basquil third. Time, 1:44%.
Ono and ;i sixteenth miles, (,'hickasaw
C'luli handicap, Macey won, Hemp second,
Buckvidere third. Time, 1 :"■"'■;.
Five furlongs, Belling, Nicholas won,
in second, Dawn tliird. Time,
1:04%.
< in.- and an eighth miles, live hurdles,
Snowdown won, Alfonsonia sei-und. Uncle
Jim third. Time, li:" v; <.
CINCINNATI, April 20.— Results at
Newport :
< toe mil. . Belling 1 , Friar John won. The
Monon second, Oxnard third. Time, 1:42V4.
Knur furlong. Spilituelle won, Flying
Bird second, Pansj il third. Tim.-, :4;>"V
Six furlongs, Belling, McCleary won,
Senator yuay Becond, Nat i J tliird. Time,
1:15%.
< in.- and a sixteenth miles, Faslg won,
Ity Becond, Elsina third. Time, 1:49%.
Four and a half furlongs, McCarren won,
Ned Wickos second, Duke of. Baden third.
Time, :56.
Six furlongs, selling, Richard J won,
Mazeppa second, flalton third. Time,
1:14%.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— Results at
Bennir.gs:
Five furlongs. Decanter won, First
Fruit second, Oharantus third. Time,
1:04%.
Six furlongs. Miss Casey won, Duchess
Annette second. Sophomore third. Time,
1:20.
Four furlongs, maiden two-year-olds,
St. Clair won, -Miss Mark second, St. So
phia third. Time. :'.! •«.
One mile, Belling 1 , ormland won. Sir
Dick second. King T third. Time, 1:47.
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Louise
N won, Lucid second. Plantain third.
Time, 1:25.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
Results of Games Played by Eastern
League Clubs.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— T0-day's
game, while not marked by brilliant
playing, was an interesting one. The
visitors could not bunch their hits. At
tendance 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Washlnffton 8 9 4!
Brooklyn 6 14 2;
Batteries — Mercer and McQulre, Kennedy and
Ryan. I'mplres— l^ynoh and Connolly.
BALTIMORE, April 20.— Consecutive |
■work with thr- bat and faultless field- '
ing gave Baltimore an easy victory to
day over the Bostonians. McJames
was almost invulnerable. Attendance
3200. Score:
R. H. c.
Baltimore 18 17 0
Boston 3 8 3
Batteries— MeJarnes and Clark: Sullivan, Wil
lis and lierpen. Impires— Sn-der and Curry.
LOUISVILLE, April 20.— The chilly
weather seemed to give the Colts a
new lease of life to-day, for they bat
ted timely and their fielding was mag
nificent. McGee's wildness in the
ninth together with Hoy's error gave
the Colts three runs. Attendance 1100.
Score :
R. H. E.
Louisville i' v i
Chicago 6 n l
Batteries— MeOee and Wilson. Friend and
Donahue. Umpires— and Heydler.
PHILADELPHIA, April 20.—Phila
delphia defeated New York this after
noon by better work with the bat, Mee
kin being, touched up rather freely At
tendance 4800.- Score:
Philadelphia f' '$• E j
New York 5 v 4
Batteries— Dunkle and McFarland, Meekin
and Warner. Umpires— Emslle and Andrews.
ST. LOUIS, April 20.— Pat Tebeau and
Ills Spiders made the Browns bite the
dUBt without much of a struggle. The
Clevelanda are playing a fast game and
hitting with a vengeance. Attendance
2000. Score:
ft. Louis f- V' E3E 3
Cleveland 10 12 0
Batteries— Sudhoff and Clements-
Young and O'Connor. Umpires— O'Day and Mc-
Donald. _
ST. CLOUD IS UNPLACED.
City and Surburban Handicap at Ep
som Won by Bay Ronald.
LONDON, April 2O._The city and sub
urban handir.ii) of SMO sovereigns, which
waa run at Epsom to-day, was won by
L. Eraskey's flve-year-old bay colt Bay
Ronald. New Eiaven 11. was second and
Craftsman waa third. Eisht^en horses
started, including James R. Keene's St
Cloud 11. and Piorre Lorlllard'fl Sandia
The distance was about a mile and a
quarter.
INJURED BY A FALL.
Bank Commissioner Magee Confined
to His Coucu at Salinas.
SALINAS, April 20.-H. W. Magee, the
Bank Commissioner, who has been in
specting banks here with John Markley.
is confined to his room in consequence of
injuries received by a fall at a lire in San
Francisco last week while engaged in re
moving articles from a house. He com
plained of feeling ill y< .crday and grew;
worse this afternoon. Physicians think
one rib was cracked, but tliat Magee will
be able to be out in a few days.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Is* oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
OLINTHUS WAS
MUCH THE BEST
Captured, the Schreiber
Stake Handily Ridden
by H. Shields.
Morinel Gave Away Weight
and Won Like a Real
Good One.
The Rubicon Party Made a Cleanup.
Three Favorite?, Met With
Defeat.
While Olinthus may never become as
shining a light on the turf as his illustri
ous brother Diggs, he is about the best of
the two-year-olds traveling around in
these parts. Yesterday the big chestnut
came out first best in a five furlong
scrimmage at lnglesiae, called the Schrel
ber stake, worth $700 to tne winner. It is
termed scrimmaee from the fact that all
sorts of choppy riding was indulged in by
the different jockeys, and with a timid
pilot on his back Olinthus would have
lu>e:; bamboozled out of the prize. Henry
Shields took a chance, and his daring was
rewarded with success. Olinthus ruled a
4 to 6 choice in the betting, and soon
after the start was blocked by Mossbrae
and Obsidian. On entering the stretch
Shields, astride the favorite, saw an open
ing next the rail and started through. He
managed to evade Thorpe on Excursion
after squeezing his way out of an un
pleasant predicament, beating the latter
colt finally by over a length in 1:02%, and
this with 123 pounds on his back. Ob
sidian ran better than usual, finishing
third.
Favorites performed indifferently
throughout the afternoon, three going
down to defeat, about the average num
ber these days. The attendance showed
an Increase, and the betting was ex
tremely good.
Although conceding all kinds of weight
to every one of the other entries in the
mile selling affair, ..lorinel was a big fa
vorite- in the betting and showed what a
really good filly she was by running
around h<-r field "when the bend for home
was reached, and leading Thelma out
with something to spare, tilting the dis
tance off in 1:41 flat. San Marco, second
choice, was third.
Ed Corrigan"s chestnut colt Major
Hooker looked an "airtight" for the open
ing mile run for maidens, but Clawson's
brilliant piece of buffoonery saw him led
out by the 9 to 1 chance Applejack, with
Charley Macklln up.
The brown colt San Mateo was made
favorite for the six furlong sprint follow
ing, but was headed from the start and
handily beaten hy Miss I.ynah, the 3 to 1 \
second choice. Imp. Mistral finished in
the show.
The mile and a quarter over hurdles
proved a gift ior the favorite. Our (Mi
mate, piloted by Doane. He outfooted !
and outjumpeil his field, winning in a sal
lop from George Palmer.
In the final mile purse run Rubicon was
oil out of the can, and at odds of 16 to 5 I
headed the other three entries from the j
time the barrier was released, finishing
with lots left over two lengths before ..sit- j
nardillo. Won't Dance, the favorite, ran i
like an Invalid, landing in last place, be
hind imp. Tripping.
TRACK NOTES.
I. G. Dlgge of Woodland, who bred Olln
thus. was at th» tra.-k ypsterday and viewed
with much pleasure the colt's clever victory-
Charley Fink, owner of Newsgatherer and
Bonita, will leave for Chicago un Saturday
next if a car can be obtained. Louis Ezell
will ship some of his horses at the same time.
Captain Rees. the affable Memphis turf offi
cial, was kept busy all day at the track re
newing old acquaintanceship. The captain is
very popular with all classes of horsemen In
this section of the country, and much repret
was expressed at his absence from the stand
.luring the long meeting about drawing to a
li'isp.
I-.onnle f'laytnn, the crack colored rider, yes
terday signed a contract to ride for E. Corri
gan the coming season.
Many bettors were a trifle shy about placing
their coin on Our Climate with Doane In the
saddle, and the price against Honig's Jumper
went back In the betting. Some years ago
Doane was one of the best known riders In
the Kast and piloted any number of winners
while under contract with Mike Daly. Like
many another rider he overlooked the fact
that sr.me day he would be too heavy to ride
on the flat, and the dollars went as fast as
they came.
Henry Shields was suspended for the balance
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Injyleslde Track-146th day of the
r Winter Meeting, Wednesday, April 20. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
OQQ FIRST RACE— One mile; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
%H Applejack 107j
817 Major Hooker lOKj
782 Texnrkana 108
894 Hohenlohe 105 1
927 Rosa 103;
817 Nilhau 100
BS4 Scintillate 105
927 Brown Prince 102'
894 Joe Levy 102 1
1
; 3
, 2
| 5
■ 8
2 1
7 1
3 4
6 h
1 4
6 1
4 1
8
1 1
6 2
3 2
6 4
2 4
4 h
7 2
8
1 1
4 1
2 V 4
5 5
3 4
6 2
7 1
8
1 4
2 1
3 2
5 8
4 4
C 3
7 2
8
12 Macklin 6
2 5 Clawson 3-5
3»4 Piffgott 15
4 h Mclntyre 3
515 Enos 20
6 4 Kellas GO
7 6 W. Taylor.... 10
8 - • Holme* 30
McDonald ... | 8
7
3-5
10
9-2
40
50
20
100
15
•Left.
Time, 1:43>4. Winner, C. C. O'Fallon's eh. h. by Spendthrift-Apple Eiossom
start. Won handily.
Good
931^
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $,IJO.
841 Miss Lynah. 5 106
(919) San Mateo, 4 113
Sl9 Imp. Mistral 11. 4.113
911 Loch Ness. 4 113
526 Major Cook, 6 10S
897 Queen Nubia, 4 108
919 Break o" Day, 4....10R
893 Alma, 4 108
( 31) Frank James, 4 110
899 Salisbury 11. 5 11l
(893) Fly. a 113
527 Torpedo, 4 105
826 Tim Murphy, a IPS
1
3
6
4
2
9
10
5
II
8
13
12
7
2 3
1 4
3 2
6 h
6 2
8 1
10 2
4 h
11 20
7 4
12
13
91
1 4
22
3 2
4 2
5 2
7 1
8 3
6 4
9(4
10 2
12
13
11 10
1 4
2 6
3 2
* 4
6 2
72*
8 4
9 3
10 6
11 2
12 3
13
i iiorpe
Clayton
Hennessy ....
PiKßOtt
JAmes
Ames
Macklln ....]
Matthews .
O, Wilson....
Enos
uni»
3
1
6
10
15
12
10
60
60
20
15
100
M
Miller
McDonald ...
R. Narvaez..
Gouin
Time, 1:144. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. m. by Faustus-Tallebena
start. Won cleverly.
932.
THIRD RACE— One ai
hurdles; purse. $400.
i; four-year-olds and upward; ever five
830 Our Climate, 5 155 3
8M <;<*irKe Palmer, 4.. .133! 5
S:W Tortoni, 6 133j 4
SO3 Monitn, a 140 r,
«94 Gov. Budd, 5 14.81 1
S8» Huntsn-an, 6 140 2
929 Gold Dust, a 156 7
S3 1 ) Our Climate, 5 15511 2 ><4 11^ 12 124 12 124 Doane .. 7 7 r
S9fi OnrRC Palmer, 4. ..133! 5 In 84 24 25 26 26 Wilklns ' 12 -a
m Ti.rtoni. 6 13314 32 54 3h 3 4 34 31 Kenny . ' " 5 \r,
SO3 Monitn, a 140! C 61 4 4 42 44 42 44 Pines*,.... '" 3 90
«94 Gov. Bndd, 5 14.8 1 1 7 62 64 56 55 58 McKenna " 4 «
SB9 Huntsn-an, 6 140 2617 6 6 6 6 Cook . 5 7
929 Gold Dust, a 156 7 4 4 2 4 » pcp c Soto '.'. 6 8
•Fell. ' '
Time. 2:224. Winner, D. A. Honig's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Begs. Good start
Won pulling up.
2 4 1 14
1h 8 4
32 6 4
61 4 4
7 62
5 1 7
4 4 2 4
1 2
24
3 h
4 2
6 4
6
•
124 12
25 2 6
34 3 4
44 4 2
56 6 5
C 6
1 24
2 6
3 1
4 4
6 8
6
Doane
Wllklns
Kenny
Plnes^
McKenna ....
Cook
De Soto
QQQ FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-eld
%?&&• . stakes; value, $1000.
the Schrelber
901 Ollnthus ........... i:
SS3. Excursion 1!
901 Obsidian l:
901 , Mossbrae V,
922 Ach ■...;■ .......11
(1)15) Rainier ......l:
5
4
3
2
2
6
3'%
5 1
2 h
1 4
4 h
■ 6
I?
4 1
2 4
1 h
6 1
6
2 1
4 h
1 h
3 h
5 1
6
1 1
2 1
3 h
4 14
6 1
6
OIIIIMUS
Thorpe
Plggott
Clawson
1
7-5
4
6
10
4-5
3
»
6
8
20
Clayton
IHennessy
•Coupled with Excursion. ,
Tlm<\ l:0:>4. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s eh. c. by Red Iron-Lilly Wrieht
start. Won easily.
Good
QO4 FIFTH RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
(903) Morinel, 3 104 6
(910) Thelmn, a 104 3
904 San Marco, 5 1091 5
899 Olive. 6 104 2
811 Cromwell, 6 109 1
923 Caspar, 4 105 4
... Millbrne. 4 1091 7
6 4
'12
-. 4 h
7
2 2
3 h
' .- 2>i
65 .
1 14
3 14
7
2 4
6 h
4 h
4 3
1 1
3 h
6 2
2 h
r. 2
7
1 4
2 14
3 2
5 2
4 3
6 2
7
1 1
2 4
3 3
4 h
5 8
6 3
i nurpe
Clawson
Plggott
1
6
7-5
15
15
8
50
1
12
6-5
50
50
20
20
Ames
McDonald ...
W. Miller....
Macklln
Time, 1:41. Winner. Matt Storn's b. f. by Morello-Sunllt. Good start. Won handily.
QOS SIXTH RACE— One mile;
; purse, $400.
(909) Rubicon, a
909 Bernardino, 4 1
'•r>2 Imp. Tripping, 4
878 Won't Dance, 5
(903) Rubicon, a 115 3 124 114 12 114 1 2V4 Pleeott 2 lfi
909 Bernardino, 4 108 ! 1 2 1 214 2 2 24 2 1 Clawson 15 25
r«2 Imp. Tripping. 4... .10H] 4 4 44 34 3n Thorpe 3 135
878 Won't Dance. 5 UOj 2 814 3 2 3% 4 4 Clayton " 3-5 "lO
3
1
4
J2
1 24
2 1
4
1 14
I 2I 2 14 -
4
3 2
1 2
2 2
:-4' .
3%
1 14
2 4
3 4
1 24
2 1
3 n
4 ■■:
I .....
Time, 1:41*. Winner, X. A. McGowan's eh. h. by Imp. Rayon d'Or-Ullie R. Good
start. Won easily.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
of the week after his win on Olinthus. While
Henry was endeavoring to get through next
the rail, 'Clawson, on Mossbrae, tried to block
him and he struck the latter with his whip.
To most onlookers the act looked Justifiable.
Now that Captain Rees is again in Califor
nia the {fiends of Jockey Tommy Butler will
endeavor to have that official look with favor
on Tommy'!! reinstatement. The latter was
BUSpe&ded for a ride on one or two vei— bad
"skates," and when the fact Is taken into
consideration that good riders have put up some
very hazy rides on stake horses, it does look
as though Butler had been severely punished.
A wild plunger on Mtllbrae cut the colt's odds
from GO down to 20 to 1. W. J. Spiers traded
hlB old mare Mzetta with John Mackey for the
colt, and after the race said that pome weeks
ago the son of Midlothian showed him some
very fair work. Lately he seemed to train
off. and in the race run disappointingly.
Hohenlohe Is a very bad sample of a ract.
horse, it apparently being Impossible to get
him in poor enough company to win. Yes
terday he struggled along In fifth place and
at the wir<" moved up a peg.
W. J. Jennings did not think Miss Lynah
good enough to win and she went to the post
at odds of 3 to 1. She was better than for
some time past.
Old Tim Murphy is playing In hard luck
trying to win a purse. He was cut down
and finished last in the second race.
McKenna was questioned about his ride on
Gov. Budd, and told the Judges that he nearly
lost a leg by being slammed up against the
fence on the back stretch.
Bernardino should be sold to some circus, for
he is too useful an animal to be chasing
around on race tracks for cheap $400 purses.
With short training he should be able to turn
somersaults through terra cotta sewer piping,
balance pool tickets on his nose and describe
flip-flaps and pirouettes on the camel's back.
On April 1"). in a six furlong run, he was
beaten, according to the form book, over fifty
six lengths by the winner, Rubicon. On that
occasion his odds receded from 8 to 20 to 1.
In the last nice yesterday, this same horse
was beaten but two and a half lengths by Ru
bicon, the mile being covered in 1:41)4. This is
form.
Before the last event was decided, it was
hinted that Won't Dance had a suspicious leg,
and her showing In the race would Indicate
that the boiler inspectors should examine her
whole underpinning.
Thorpe gave an excellent exhibition of nurs
ing on the back of Imp. Tripping, and If his
nerve and dexterity could be applied In like
direction with billiard balls, the scores of
Pchaefer and Ives would soon be turned
toward the wall.
Tom McGowan pitched a hot one into the
ring when the Rubicon race came along. The
betting was as good as 4H to 1, and several
bank rolls suffered from contraction when the
tickets were cashed.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— One-half mile; selling; two-year
olds.
!>o<s Sweet Cakes ..105 819 Sir T'rian 105
809 Huena Ventura. ins 888 Santello 103
953 Hannah Reld...m r . 924 Rey Hooker ....108
... liritt Martls....lOT> 924 Ocorona 100
«1S Winifred lw> 918 Practice 105
877 Native Son ....lO" 922 La. Juanita 105
9£4 Abano U>s (SlS)Bonlbel 105
Second Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; allowances.
833 Sardonic I<U 920 Bitter Root ....10<J
Ms The Dipper 106 WW Twinkle Twink.ll6
720 Kio Frio 103 927 Ockturuck 103
893 Zarro 122 i
Third Race— One and a half miles.
(!t!l)Twlnkler 9fi| 921 Tulare lf>!>
926 Grady U2|(779)Del Paso 11. ...112
921 L.ittle Cripple ..109 1
Fourth Race— One mile; selling.
927 Emma Rey ....100 925 Mistleton 106
925 Oddson 112 (927) Lady Ashley ...105
i«2r,)l)aiFy F 107 (913)D0n Luis 107
900 Watomba 108
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing-.
916 Daylight H3'(92S)Faul Pry 115
916 Alvero 110 597 Charles A 110
931 Loch Ness 109! 928 Metaire 110
923 Justine 104 j 92S Red Glenn 110
92!t Raj'ido HOl 928 Treachery 110
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; allow
ances.
879 May W 105 592 Libertine 112
(Sl6)Oeyser IK> 928 Widow Jones ..105
926 Buckwa 109 910 Bonnie lone 95
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — Sweet Cakes, Buena Ventura,
Bonibe!.,
Second Race— Sardonic, Bitter Root, Octu
ruck.
Third Race— Grady, Twlnkler, Tulara.
Fourth Race— Daisy F, Oddson. Watomba,
Fifth Race — Paul Pry, Red Glenn. Treachery.
Sixth Race— Geyser, May W, I,lbertlne.
CONNEMARA WAS SCRATCHED.
The Fast Hound and Prize-Winner
Attacked by a Cat.
The Ingleside and Union Coursing parks
are making very extensive preparations
I for their respective Mayday meetings.
The tempting prizes that are offered to
leashmen should induce the owners of
fast greyhounds in all parts of the State
to enter their charges.
The best-two-in-three championship
stake, which will be run off at Ingleside,
will tost the staying qualities of the com
peting dogs, and especially will this be the
case if the hares are in a running mood.
At the Union Park great interest will
be centered in the race between Conne
mara and For Freedom— that is in case
Mr. Deane, the owner of the local dog,
shall conclude to enter "Con" for the big
meeting. The leashmen are about di
vided in opinion as to which is the bettor
dog. and that question can be solved only
when the two great fliers me«t in
tho slips.
Unfortunately, Connemara met with an
accident on Monday which may keep him
in his kennel for some days. The grand
dog was taking a little constitutional on
one of the roads leading to the Ocean
Beach, when he was attacked by an in
furiated cat. The feline sank its claws
deep into the flesh of the hound,
but the owner of the dog quickly ap
plied to the wounds such remedies as are
used to offset blood-poisoning, and under
careful treatment the hound is now doing
nicely, although the iniured part had
swollen considerably, causing Mr. Deane
much anxiety. It is hoped, however, that
Connemara will be in condition to give a
good account of himself on Mayday.
Out of the twenty-four courses held last
Saturday at Union Coursing Park The
Call tipped twenty-two winners, and in
the first round of the stake which was
run off on Sunday The Call tipped ten
winners of the twelve courses, and in the
consolation stake it missed only in one
of its selections.
NO INTEREST IN PETE.
The Heavyweight Champion of Mon
tana Finds Very Few Backers
in This City.
Betting on the Mexican Pete and Jeff
ries fight is very slow, and there is very
little hope that It will improve until the
men enter the ring.
The sporting people look upon Pete as
being nice game for the big. heavy hitting
man from Oakland, and although they
offer $10 on Jeffries they cannot find bet
ter than $3 against it in any of the pool
rooms. In the mutuels some money is
being played at Crowley & Raggett's
that Jeffries will put the champion of
Montana to sleep inside of five rounds,
but the wise ones are very liable to go
wrong in their calculations, as Pete is
quite a sprinter and will bother Jeffries
to no small extent In running and duck
ing. H will not surprise many judges of
pugilism to hear that Pete lasted fifteen
ro »' lds in front of his big opponent.
The Olympic Club is arranging for a
2 'V- ro ,V- IU , I contest between Jack Daly and
*, ii [/ay/ ayi K ne . but up to date neither of
the lightweights has consented to fight
under its auspices.
"Bull" McCarthy, the Eastern light
weight pugilist, has been matched to fight
Gnfto by the Sacramento Athletic Club.
Thomas Sharkey is expected down
from Vallejo to-day. The hard puching
seaman will doubtless frain at some sta
tion near to Ocean Beach, or at a well
known resort in Sausallto
DEMOCRATS SEEK
HARMONY IN VAIN
District Club Nominations Are
the Cause of Numerous
Local Rows.
Th« Police Called In to Avert Hostili
ties in the Thirty- Second
Assembly District.
Last night was the time fixed for the
nomination by each of the recently or
ganized Democratic district clubs of
members for election as delegates to
the general committee. The election is
to occur next Monday, at which time
twenty-five of the nominees of each
club will be selected as delegates.
The proceedings last night demon
strated the fact that all is not harmo
nious in some of the districts, in spite
of the efforts of Major Harney to have
everything done according to pro
gramme. Local factions took ad
vantage of the opportunity to fight for
private grievances, a condition that in
some of the districts led to entangle
ments so grave that no nominations
were made and none are likely to be
made unless the bosses lay a heavy
hand on the combatants.
In the Thirty-second Assembly Dis
trict there was a row that resulted in
a call for the police. Under the pro
tection of two stalwart coppers the
secretary was enabled to reach the
headquarters of the campaign commit
tee with the returns of the meeting. It
appears that one of the disturbing fac
tors was Frank Lester, an astute poli
tician, who assumes the right to direct
the affairs of his district in such mat
ters as require the exercise of that par
ticular brand of political diplomacy
that is his by right of discovery. As
those who are so blind as not to be able
to see and appreciate his merit are set
ting on foot a very vigorous protest it
is not unlikely that he may feel the
heavy hand in the near future. The
way of the aspiring politician is indeed
a hard one.
Factional fights marred the harmony
of the evening's proceedings in the
Forty-first, Forty-seventh, Twenty
eighth and Fortieth Assembly Districts
and it will require the work of several
days to straighten out the local tangles.
As a rule, however, the slate prepared
in advance went through with a rush
that spoke well for the discipline of the
Rainey-Harney followers.
DICK WILLIAMS' TRIAL.
A Witness Swears That He Paid Him
One Hundred Dollars as a Brib?
to Land a Man.
Wong Kow Kirn occupied the stand dur
ing the whole of yesterday In the trial of
Richard S. Williams, ex-interpreter for
the Chinese Bureau, charged with extort
ing money from Chinese immigrants on
the pretense that his assistance was nec
essary in order to obtain for them permis
sion to land In this country. Kirn's testi
mony was that he had paid Williams $100
for landing Wong Ling Choy. Most of
the time was taken up with the cross-ex
amination by Attorney Collins, who, how
ever, failed to make any material breach
in the testimony of the witness.
The trial will be resumed this morning
and will probably consume a week's time.
For the Omaha Exposition.
Somo time ago the Hon. G. B. Brackett,
pomologist of the Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C, wrote to J.
A. Filcher, manager of the State Board
of Trade, asking the latter to collect as
large a variety of California fruits as pos
sible for the Omaha? Exposition. This he
wants for the governmental display at
the fair, as distinctive from any State
exhibit. Mr. Fileher went to work and
he has met with more than fair success.
Producers and jobbers from all parts of
the State, have offered him as much of
the finest fruits as he will care to handle.
Mr. Brackett sent out a large quantity
of franked boxes, so that the shipment uf
the fruit would not cost anything, but
the most of the contributors desire to
have their exhibits sent to the fair in the
original packages. The heaviest contrib
utors are from Fresno, Santa Clara and
this city.
Commission Broker's Failure.
The recent chanpes in the prices of ce
reals has caused anhther grain broker to
go to the wall. Aaron A. Adler of 212
Sansomc street was obliged to close his
doors yesterday, but it is believed that
his failure is not very extensive and that
it will involve no one else. Adler has
been doing a commission business, hand
ling grain principally, for the past thirty
years. While not giving any reasons for
his failure he says that he expects to be
all right again before long.
Dr. Bappin Laid at Rest.
The funeral of the late Dr. Gabriel F.
Rappin was held yesterday afternoon
from his residence. 1608 Stockton street,
where he had lived and practiced medi
cine for the past . -rty years. Rev. Oliver
C. -Miller officiated, an., a large number of
friends and acquaintances gathered to
witness the last sad rites. The deceased
was admired for his charitable actions
and kindly dispos..ion.
Grant Held to Answer.
Charles Grant, the gas inspecting burg
lar, was yesterday held to answer by
Judge Low before the Superior Court in
$2000 bonds for stealing a lot of jewelry
from the residence of Mrs. Amelia Heeht.
1201 Van Ness avenue, on March 25. When
he was asked if he had anything to say,
he curtly answered "no."
STOPPED THE
PERFORMANCE
Ferris Hartman the Recipient
of an Ovation at the
Tivoli.
Tommy Leary Spies His Old Com
panion Seated In a
Eox.
For a full five minutes the performance
of "Slnbad" at the Tivoli was Interrupted
by ecstatic applause and cheering on the
part of the audience for a speech by Fer
ris Hartman. Accompanied by George
Bowles, Ferris and his sister occupied the
lower right proscenium box. As soon as
they took their seats the Tivoli company
was in a flutter from Tommy Leary down
to the latest acquisition In the chorus,
and Hartman was the cynosure not only
of the optics of the company, but the
audience as well.
All went smoothly until the sextet, with
murder oozing out of every pore, came to
the front for one of its popular songs.
When Bob Mitchell had finished his verse,
Leary began to use the sotto voce. He
had saluted Ferris on his entrance to the
box, and now advanced a step on this by
calling out: "Hello, Teddy." The audience
I heard it and a gentle hand-clapping set
j in. Swelling and growing each instant,
a wave of applause swept over the house
that made it impossible for Leary to con
tinue his song. Hartman bowed his ac
knowledgments, but the audience was
not satisfied. By a subterfuge, Leary
| obtained comparative quiet and then sang
his song, of which Hartman was the
burden. There was no restraining: the
outburst that followed. After it had
spent its fury Ferris, acceding to the
continued importunities of the audience,
gracefully surrendered. He leaped over
the railing that separates the box from
the stage and was escorted to the center
of the boards by the gentle, guiding hand
of Carrie Roma. This is what Ferris
said:
"Ladies and gentlemen, I am much
moved and I don't want to stop the per
formance. I am enjoying it immensely,
and as you are also, the best thing is to
have it go on."
Then George Lask lost his smile in the
wings, blew his whistle and the perform
ance recommenced, just as Ferris recov
ered his equanimity and his broad facial
ornament.
CORTLAND-AVENUE CLUB.
Estimates Received for the Cutting
of Folsom Street.
Cortland Avenue Improvement Club,
notwithstanding its youth, has accom
plished much for the district which it rep
resents. It started in to get Folsom
street through from Precita avenue to its
junctuion with Cortland avenue to its
this it has made considerable headway.
So far it has succeeded in getting an esti
mate of the expense for the proposed cut
ting. This amount has been figured at
$2S,'JOO. The distance between the two
given points is a quarter of a mile with
a very .steep hill to be cut through.
In addition to this the club will ask
the Supervisors to appropriate sufficient
money out of next year's taxes for a
chemical engine to be located in the
vicinity of the inhabited portion of the
district. This, with a few more electric
lights, will satisfy them for the present.
Funds for the Strike.
Members of the strike committee of the
Allied Printing Trades Council visited the
outside unions which met Ifist night, and
after stating- the case made an appeal for
financial assistance, which met with a
hearty response in every casg. The Press
men and Feeders met last night, and the
reports of the financial secretaries of the
two organizations showed that contribu
tions aggregating $500 had been received
during the week. Both organizations
parsed resolutions to keep up the strike.
The Typothotae has nothing to say other
wise than that it is doing well under the
new regime. The executive committee
meets daily, and reports are freely ex
changed, a system has been inaugurated
whereby the work caji readily be divided
up if necessary, and when one office is
tied up another will have men and ma
terial to spare. The proprietors are thus
enabled to till all orders on time.
Tried to Rob the Grocery.
J. Snowgrass, accompanied by another
man, entered W. White's grocery store
on Eddy street last evening, and after
smashing several glasses attempted to
steal a number of articles from the coun
ter. The clerk caught them in the act
and gave the alarm. Snowgrass and his
accomplice started from the store and
were later overtaken by Officer O'Conner,
Snowgrass being captured, while his pal
escaped. Snowgrass struck the officer two
or three blows before he submitted to ar
rest, but was finally subdued and taken
to the City Prison, where charges of
battery and petit larceny were placed
against him.
Soldier Boys Will Entertain.
An entertainment and ball will be given
in the. Mechanics' Pavilion next Friday
evening by the First Regiment of the Na
tional Guard of California for the benefit
of the new rifle range now in process of
construction at Ingleside. It will consist
principally of a military display, showing
dexterity in erecting a bridge over an
Imaginary river, an attack and repulse, |
the caring for the dead and the treating I
of the wounded. Fancy drills will also be j
given; the facility with which the rapid- i
tiring guns can he brought into action !
will be shown. The programme will con- !
elude with a military ball.
Masons Installed in Office.
At a meeting of the Grand Chapter of I
High Masons held yesterday afternoon in !
the assembly room of the Masonic Tern; I
pie on Post street the newly elected offl- |
cers for the ensuing year were installed by '
Past High Grand Priest Frank W.
Pierce, and the reports of the various j
committees read and filed. Before the
closing of the session a motion was made I
and carried appropriating $5000 to the '
Widows' and Orphans' Home, which end- j
ed the business of the meeting and con
cluded the session for the year. At 10 '
o'clock this morning a meeting of the j
Grand Commandery will be held and va
rious subjects introduced and passed !
upon.
The Twentieth Century.
The twentieth century will begin on Jan.
Ist, 1901, and end with 2000. People did not
begin to reckon time from A. D. 1, but waited
until about the 560 th year of the Christian era.
People who begin to ta.ke the jfreat health
restorative, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, Im
mediately after the first outbreak of dyspepsia,
malaria, rheumatism, constipation, nervous
ness or kidney trouble will date their cure im
mediately from then.
HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
— IN—
ta&m ejub aBBm wMm «■ Wt^uamd? areas bShbb esKssaran «
GREAT NORTHERN STEAMSHIP CO.
• WILL DISPATCH FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship RUTH,
On or about June 1, 1898. Will proceed directly without stopping at inter-
mediate points, and arrive at Sound as soon as any vessel leaving earlier
LARGEST AND STRONGEST SHIP IN THIS TRADE.
Fitted " with social ; hall, smoking room, state rooms, bath rooms, etc:
Freight insured at lowest rates. .
Fare, including 3000 pounds baggage and PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK
RIVER, in light-draught steamboat drawing one foot, light to head of navi-
gation, about 250 miles, $200. . .
/ EXCURSION RATES.
Round trip from San Francisco, with 500 pounds baggage, with privilege
of stopping about 60 days, $250; or return on any of our ships during the
summer of 1899. Best of Accommodation— Stanch and Safe.: .:
Close inspection invited. Full information call or. address,
" J.G. McC ALL, General Agent.
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry, San Francisco. . «, .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
1 such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
. turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAItTS PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
, IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
•";: " r *— " ■"•" And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
. 25c. at all Drug Stores.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous '
10 v cent TRIAL size.
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious drug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays. Pain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Give*
Relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
Trial Size Wets, at Druggists or by mail.
F.rv t.w.t-tjfwc KW*,?*!, Rfrnpt. New York
xIiIFFT «
*W^ IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
at wHkH a Normal eye should clearly
DISTINGUISH LETTER!) % of aH iHcti UOHO.
CALL and HAVE ycUR EYES TESTED
*■& FREE of CHARGE:. ~\'r
OPTIQAPS w^m^lh^\it\
642 Market St. . ,
: • UMDER OWRPN'CLc 3Q«LDINfi;-
P DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
aSsr^nfln Five hundred reward for any case
W^ we cannot cure. This secret remedy
Si stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
U bbH Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
WW WWj Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
4K2E MM Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
iHWB MM fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
BSSSkSK sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
! anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 107314 Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigrorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS A BRUME, Agents.
323 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
§ B it DR. JORDAN'S Great
flflfL Museum of Anatomy
jHpri l, 2CSI HA2ZET ST. tat. 6th 4 7th, S. F. 0»L
H « H The Largest of Its kind In th- World.
ifSw#\ DR. — Private Diseases.
Conialtailoa free. Writ* for B.ok
W'l Philosophy of Marriage.
h O MAILED FHCC.
B HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
! 9 Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
am Mouth, Halr-Fallinf? ' Write COOK BEM-i
BED CO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 1
B CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital •
BSoOU.OUO. Worst cases cured in 15 to 35 days, m
100-pagre book free. • - <--■ m
hmUMLmm
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUfJERA & CO.
• SOI ') V ALL l)l<n:'-' - <
' AMUSEMENTS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements. -.>'/■•
Refreshments at city price's. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children. 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
-THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at iC:3O a. m 1210
2 and i p. m. Returning, \ leave El Campo'at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. m. .
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS. Grand Opera in Italian!
Messrs. Damrosch and Ellis announce the first
appearance of the renowned prima donna, Mme.
MELBA
Supported by the Damrosch-Ellts Grand Opera
Co. and the orchestra of the New York
Symphony Society. . . _ , 
To-night (Thurs.). "The Barber of Seville: '
Saturday, "Lucia." Prices, $7. $6. *>.**. ».S. ii.
Next Sunday— "TßlLßY." At popular prices.
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
The Fascinating
MARIE JANSEN
Presenting the Comedy • Success
"DELMONICO'S AT 61"
A Happy Blending of Mirth and Melody.
Nothing But fun. •
Next Week— "THE NANCY HANKS.
ROBERT MANTELL. ■
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second and Last Week. i < \
MATINEE SATURDAY. . :
HOYT'S LATEST LAUGH LAUNCHER.
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
Last Time Next bunday. 3
EXTRA— April 25. "
First Production in America, , . ,
The Nautical Farcical Comedy,
THE PURSER
Presented by >
FERRIS HARTMAN
and a Strong Company.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK.
SEATS NOW READY. ,;..-.
MOROSCQ'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Reproduction of Scott Marble's M««
chanlcal Drama,
THE DIAMOND BREAKER
REALISTIC EFFECTS OF PONDEROUS
MINE MACHINERY.
The Diamond Breaker at Work.
Thrilling: Escape From Death.
Great Scene in the Interior of an Insana
Asylum.
Strong Cast. Clever Comedy. New Scenla
Effects. j
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
Evening Prices 10c, 25c, 50«
ONLY THREE NIGHTS MORE.
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS, . closing
Saturday Night, April 23; HELEN MORA. Re-
nowned Barytone; McINTYRE & HEATH.
Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS & WAL-
KER, The Real Colored Boys; CHARLES 11.
SWEET, The Piano Tramp; THORNE &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE, Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel. ■'•'_<
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
NEW SONGS. DANCES. SKITS.
SEE AND HEAR.
THE PATRIOTIC FINALE TO ACT 11.
Everything new and up to date, t-v
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY,
FRITZ SCHEEL........ MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
v;.:,,: - ELEVENTH CONCERT. -■
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE!
THIS, THURSDAY AFTERNOON.
April 21, 1898, at 3:15 o'clock.
PROGRAMME.
Overture, "Hans Heiling" Marschner
Symphony No. 4 ....: F. Zech Jr.
Suite. Peer Gynt Greig
Rhapsodic No. 1 Liszt
Reserved seats, 75c. $1 and $1 50. Box office
at the Tivoli Opera House; V - ;
ALCAZAR SEAT ™™*
n.j_<vn.^rir\. main 254.
LAST FIVE PERFORMANCES OF
THE STRANGE — —
ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN —
A COMICAL FARCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Monday Night, Special Engagement of L. R.
STOCKWELL in "THE GAY PARISIAN." .
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB ;
(Ingleside Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to ".
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M. ;
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at ■■ Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
races.
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every,
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Flllmore-street cars transfer each way. .
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary-
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
FRIDAY EVENING. April 22, IS9B.
REVIEW AND DRILL.
FIRST REGIMENT OF INFANTRY.
National Guard of California.
Gun drill by Naval Battalion, Signal Corp*.
Sanitary Corps. Concert by Regimental Band.
Bridge Building. Attack and Repulse. A
mimic war and exhibition of practical soldier-
ing. Over 1000 participants.
Admission, ■ !sc; Reserved Seats, 25c extra, at
Sherman & Clay's.
A RUSH TO THE FRONT
IS MADE BY ALL THE ANIMALS AT
FEEDING TIME.
Afternoons and Evenings at the
CHUTES, v;
10c to All. including Zoo, etc. ; Children. sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
Opening of the Swimming Season.
Open Nights Thereafter. :
IMMENSE PROGRAMME— Commencing at
2:30 p. m.
General Admission, 10c: Children, sc.
Bathing, Including Admission— 25c:
Children. 20c. .
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
"7-20-8!"
Augustln Daly's charming comedy, by th*
HISTRIONIC bOCltrrX o'i Trinity School. ■
BUSH STREET THEATER.
THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 21.
Saturday Matinee April 23.
Tickets 50c: Reserved Seats. 25c extra. At
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, April 19 to 23.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO. HALL.
Return Engagement. Evenings of April 25
and 27, Matinees April 29 and 30. LITTLE PA-
LOMA SCHRAMM. This dainty little 9-year-
old girl possesses a heaven-sent gift of genius
unparalleled in the musical world. Sale of
seats begins Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
Prices, 50c and $1. Children. 25c. ;/:
IOL V M I A I *•"■»•• " twn « j
I Edd/ Strestj.
America' Most Beautiful Music Hall.
SEE MANDOLA AND HIS DOG IN A
GREAT SLIDE FOR LIFE, sensational and
thrilling in the extreme.' and a great olio of
specialties. Admission free.
CINEMATOGRAPHIC ENACTMENT OP
THE PASSION JF'I^FK^V
Will Be Given THIS WEEK ONLY .
Every Atternoon and livening at 3:15 and 8:30.
Child 6 Y•' M - c - A - Auditorium. AdmlMion. 250!
Children, 10c.TRADE WINDS
FAILED HER
The Bark Trade Winds
Arrives After a Long
Passage.
Important Decision for Ship
pers in the Case of the
Steamer Sunol.
Ship-Owners Not Responsible if the
Case Is Due to Negligence
of Captain.
The four-masted British bark Trade
Winds arrived yesterday from Liverpool
after a' lengthy passage of 158 days. Cap
tain Ritchie blames contrary and light
■winds for the long run, and says that not
once during the entire passage did he get
a decent sailing breeze. On one occasion
the ship fell iii with some strong west
erly currents and got "back-strapped" off
the Horn. ]t took from December 15 to
Christmas day to -weather the cape, and
ever since then the good ship has been
trying to beat her way up to San Fran-
Thls is Captain Ritchie's first voyage
to San Francisco in twelve years. On the
last occasion be was here as master of
the Four Winds*, and left that vessel to
. superintend the building of the Trade
| Winds, which ship he has commanded
ever since. His wife accompanied him on
this occasion, and says that fche does not
care to make another trip it they are all
to be as lengthy as this one. She has
never made a voyage with her husband
before, but he persuaded her to come
along this time, never thinking that the
run would be a succession <>f light winds
and calms. The Trade Winds has a valu
able cargo "i" merchandise consigned to
J. J Is, Bros. & Co.
An Interesting decision for shippers was
banded down In the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday. In it the Judge
holds that '"if the owner of any vessel
transporting merchandise or property to
or from any port of the United States
shall exercise due diligence to make the
vesael m all respects seaworthy and
properly manned, equipped and supplied
Bsel nor her owner or own
ers, agents or charterers shall become
liable or be IMd responsible for damages
or loss resulting from faults or errors in
navigation or in management of said
\ i B
In March, 1897, the steamer Sunol and
the bark Olympic were in collision. The
I was on her way to Yallejo and the
Olympic was coming in from Xew York.
When off Alcatras the collision occurred,
and the Sunol was sunk. An inquiry fol
lowed, and Captain Dye of the Sunol was
; by the inspector of hulls and
boilers for negligence. Those who had
freight and effects on the vessel sent in
claims to the Piper, Aden, Goodall Com
pany for damages. The company em
ed C. A. Shurtliffe, ex-Uni ted' States
District Attorney, to take the matter into
the courts, in order to establish its lia
bility. Mr. Shurtliffe contended that un
der the Harter act, as above quoted, the
company was not liable for any damages,
and Judge de Haven took that view of
the case also, and gave a decision in favor
of the Piper, Aden, Goodall Company.
Dr. W. D. Deas was yesterday appoint
ed assistant police surgeon at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital by the Board of
H.-alth. At the same time two very hand
eorne medals were- presented to Drs. Deas
and Zabala by Mrs. Schuller, who was
shot by her husband about a month ago
and who was treated at the Harbor Re
pital by the doctors named.
Each medal bears the following Inscrip
tion: "A token of gratitude for skillful
eurgery." At the time Mrs. Schuller was
shot nobody thought she would recover,
but by skillful treatment, care and atten
tion she is now as well as ever. The med
als were given to the Board of Health and
by the chairman turned over to Dr. Hill,
who is at the head of the Harbor Hospi
tal, and that gentleman afterward pre
sented them to Drs. Deas and Zabala.
The British bark Inveramsy way much
mure seriously damaged in the collision
with the schooner James A. GarfiHd than
was at first supposed. Her forward bul
warks on the starboard side are very bad
ly damaged and the forward rigging has
all been torn away so that it will be at
least a week before she will be ready to
eail for Burope, The schooner lost her
bowsprit and all her head gear, and will
have to go on the dry dock for repairs.
Manuel Rodriguez, a ii'sherman, picked up
one of the Inveramsy's boats off Lime
l J olnt yesterday morning and towed it
back to Melggfl wharf. Ho was paid for
his trouble by the owners of the Garfleld.
The t'Rrkentine Jane A. Falkenberg was
put on the dry dock a few days ago in or
der to be stripped. When Captain Perri
the marine surveyor, saw the hull
he said it was a shame to strip it, as it
:••< t condition. He strongly ad-
I Lynde & Hough the owners, to
vessel alone, but they decided to
make the barkentine as near perfect as
Ible, so air the sheathing was stripped
nd the hull will be recalked through
nd new nh^athing put on before the
Falkenberg starts for Kotzebue Sound.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda sails for Australian ports this after
noon With about fifty cabin passengers
and a very valuable cargo. Among the
li ngers are Dr, W. I. Terry and bride
• kton. The young couple will spend
their honeymoon in Honolulu.
The wrwk of getting the bark Mermaid
ready for a voyage to the Kotzebue Sound
gold fields is rapidly progressing at the
foot of Howard street. When completed
she will be as comfortable a vessel as will
call for Alaskan waters. Her galley and
dining Baloon aro to be on the main deck
co that passengers who are inclined to be
seasick will not be rendered more uncom
fortable »>y the smell of food. She will be
provided with a powerful steam launch
which will have great speed, and as ncr
engine and boilers are very powerful in
proportion to her size she will be as good
; ordinary towboat on the waters of
the Kuhuck River. Tin; Mermaid was for
inorly owned and sailed by Captain Wicks,
present commander, and she is a
Htanch, safe and comfortable craft. She
been Inspected and passed by the ma
rine surveyors and should be a "safe boat
to travel in for those who want to reach
the Kotzebue gold fields.
ThomuH Murphy was arrested by Detec
tive Tnm Kills and Officer Mackey of the
Harbor Police yesterday and charged with
Durgiary. He broke Into a carpenter's
shop m Vallejp and stole a number of val
uable tools, h,. then came to San Fran
cis. o o h the Bteamer Sunol and was ar
rested as soon aa the vessel docked. The
carpenter- tools were found in his swag.
JORDAN SENTENCED.
He Will Spend One Year in the San
Quentin Penitentiary at
Hard Labor.
John W. Jordan was sentenced yester
day by United States District Judge de
Haven to one year's Imprisonment at
hard labor in the penitentiary at San
Quentin. Jordan was porter for the cen
tral r»o.stofnce and was caught by Postal
Inspectors Erwin and Thrall in the act of
abstracting money from letters in the
general delivery department. He con
fer, his guilt, was indicted - by— the
United States Grand Jury and nlPirt^i
guilty in the United States District Court
Jordan had been in the Government Sri
vice for two years, and had b™n p&Uin*
money from letters in the general o>iiv^rv
department for two or three w^-kV Thi
letters he destroyed by burning i n The
The Wreck of the Corona.
The United States inspectors of local
and foreign steam vessels began an inves
tlgation yesterday into the loss of ln "
steamer Corona. Many witnesses were
absent, and the investigation therefore
went over until this morning lllor «ore
Club Meeting Postponed.
The meeting of tho California Club,
which was to have been held to-day haa
been postponed until the 28th lnst. on ac
count of the symphony concert, which
takes place to-day.
CAME IN WITHOUT A TUG.
The four-masted British bark Trade Winds arrived from Liverpool
yesterday after a lengthy passage of 158 days. Captain Ritchie
took advantage of the only favorable breeze he got during the
voyage and sailed into port.
BALL-TOSSERS
ARE PATRIOTIC
California League Men Will
Remember Soldiers'
Families.
They Decide to Donate the Full Pro
coeds or Saturday's Game
to Their Support.
The spirit of patriotism has penetrated
to the heart of the diamond. The man
agement of the California Baseball
League generously deemed yesterday to
contribute to the girls and others the gal
lant troops off to the war left behind
them at the Presidio.
There were present -' the meeting: H.
H. McPike, president; C. E. Wiggin, sec
retary; J. T. Moran, Oakland; L. V.
Merle, San Francisco; Marti Strouse San
Francisco; J. J. Raver, and T. P. Robin
son, Recreation Park Association.
The project of donating the gross re
ceipts of Saturday's game to a patriotic
object was broached ana taken up en
thusiastically. It was stated that many
of the families of the brave boys in b»ue
had been left in a precarious financial
condition, and any assistance such. .as
proposed would be a real benent.
Telegrams were at once dispatched to
Stockton and Oakland, and the replies
from Campbell and Pollard of the former
place and Cal Ewing and Norman of the
latter were fully in accord with the idea.
They, with H. J. Corcoran, agreed to do
nate not only the gate receipts but the
proceeds of the bar and refreshment priv
ileges to the worthy cause.
The game next Saturday is now expect
ed to be a notable one. Recreation Park
has been recently Improved in every way,
and patrons are likely to witness a more
than usually gingery game under the cir
cumstances. The patriotic teams which
will play "without money and without
price" will be inspired to doughty deeds,
and who would not attend a game where
for the ordinary price of admission he or
she can witness a game "for blood" and
at the same time be performing a patri
otic service for the gallant defenders of
the flag?
MUSIC AND DRAMA.
Midweek Notes of Opera, Concert
and Comedy Attractions on
the Local Stage.
There will be another packed audience
at the California to-night to hear Melba
in "The Barber of Seville." Many New-
York and European critics regard Rosina
as Melba"s most artistic achievement.
"Lucia" is the bill for Saturday night.
The special attraction of the symphony
concert in the Tlvoli this afternoon prom
ises to be the symphony composed by
Fred Zech Jr. of this city.
Little Paloma Schramm, the wonderful
child pianist, will give a supplementary |
series of four concerts at the Sherman &
Clay Hair next week on the evenings of
the 26th and 27th, and afternoons of the
29th and 30th.
"A Stranger in New York" oIof"* ** tjje
Baldwin with the Sunday night perform
ance. Ferris Hartman, in - .m- i'Uiaa,
will open to a big house Monday night.
At the.Columbia Marie Jansen finishes
out the week in "Delmonico's at Six," ap
pearing Monday In "Nancy Hanks."
Next week the Alcazar will withdraw
"The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown"
In favor of one of the best Frenchy farces
of the day, "The Gay Parisians," in which
L. H. Stockwell and Howard Scott will
have prominent parts.
"Slnbad the Sailor" is still making pic
turesque fun at the Tivoli. Patriotic
songs are now the order of every per
formance. The second edition of Sinbad
comes out next week.
The Orpheum continues crowded with
the Hyde troupe of vaudevilles. The new
bill will be presented at the Sunday mati-
nee.
"The Diamond Breaker" is making a
record in deep-dyod crime at Morocco's.
At the Chutes Clmiuita holds her own in
spite of the Melba season.
Commencing Sunday night "Trilby" will
be played for a short season at the Cali
fornia by a local company. Miss Fannie
Gillette will be the Trilby and Mr. Pauld
lng the Svengall.
Was Picking Pockets.
Pickpockets operated among the crowds
that lined the streets during the march
of the regulars to the ferry yesterday. At
Van Ness avenue and Turk street two
young men. H. L. Whipple and J. R.
Herting, noticed a man with his hand in
a lady's pocket. They grabbed him and,
notwithstanding his struggles, held him
till Policemen Hayden and Pyl e appeared,
and he was sent to the City Prison, where
a charge of attempted grand larceny was
bookea against him. He gave the name
of Louis Colli and his occupation as cook.
The lady whose pocket he was robbing
was Miss J. Hamlll, 3678 Seventeenth
street.
The Cooks Paid the Fines.
J. R. Cook, J. S. Cook and W. E. Cook
yeßterday paid the fines imposed by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow for con
tempt in the matter of the restraining
order issued at the request of the Poke-
Kama Sugar Pine Lumber Company
against the Klamath River Lumber and
Improvement Company. The total fines
ana costs were $1153 50. They are of the
opinion now that it Is an expensive mat
ter to disobey an order of court, even if
the order does not suit them.
The fac-simile \yrtf //&* .-"j, *" *• on ever wrapper
signature of Wut&zf&JZ&X of CASTOEIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
AN OLD BANK BOOK
IN PROBATE COURT
William Schultz's Fortune
Held for German
Heirs.
More Than Twenty Thousand Dol
lars, Long Unclaimed, Is Still
in a Local Bank.
Some of the most pathetic romances
1 that have ever come to light In California
! cluster around the story of old bank ac
j counts, whose owners have been lost in
I the twilight of history.
Another Interesting case has just come
| to light in the matter of the unclaimed es-
I tate of William Schultz, who died in Ger
• many on January 27, 1597. For many
[ years his silence has been a mystery' at
; the German Savings and Loan Society.
Though he had a fortune there no one
could ever find a trace of his where
abouts. Under the law a number of ad
vertisements, requesting the address of
| the depositor or his assigns, were insert
i ed, but no trace of his whereabouts came
i to light until Attorney Oscar T. Shuck
j began to make a thorough search through
', the various archives of the city, where-
I upon he discovered the fact that the de-
I positor had died Intestate and unmarried
in Germany. He has relatives, however,
! who claim the estate.
Attorney Gustav Gutsch of this city has
' charge of the case for the estate, though
1 he has kept in the background and al-
I lowed the Public Administrator to handle
j the case. This officer took out letters on
I October 10, ISftT, but no inventory has yet
! been filed, though it is known that the es
j tate of the man whose heirs are unknown
amounts to at least $20,575, which is in the
German Savings and Loan Society.
This case is another illustration of the
fact that the geographical location of San
! Francisco is such that a number of per
i sons come here, deposit their money and
j leave as suddenly as if the earth had
swallowed them.
POLK STREET'S FUTURE.
The Merchants Looking for Progress
When the Thoroughfare Is
Cut Through.
Daylight has at last been let In through
the hog's back at the northern end of
Polk street. The contractors have worked
with a will to such an extent that before
tho expiration of two months the street
will be so far extended as to permit the
passage of teams through what has been,
since the pioneers first crossed the Rocky
Mountains, an ungainly obstacle to the
progress of that portion of the city and
the opening of the streets running east
and west. It was not until the Polk-street
merchants took hold of the matter that
any steps in the work were taken. Now
that there is a prospect to extend the
street to the waters of the bay the mer
chants feel jubilant that a brighter era is
about to dawn on the commerce of the
dividing line between the older and newer
portions of the city.
The completion of Lombard street from
Van Ness avenue to the Presidio has
piv.-n the northwest a sudden boom, so to
speak. Wheq i'ulk street is eventually
cut through and paved, not only the Pre
sidio but Jiay street will be made acces
sible to the business men for the hauling
of thetr stock to and from the commer
cial center of the downtown portion of
the city.
In addition to this the Polk-street mer
chants will urge the Sutter-street Rail
way Company to extend the transfer
privilege to the Union-street line. This,
they consider, is no more than proper 'ln
view of the fact that the business done
on Polk street goes a long way to sup
port the travel on the Sutter-street and
Pacific avenue linos. To, catch the trade
or, at least a portion of it, from the Pre
sidio and northern section of the city,
they consider that tho Sutter-street Com
pany should do something. Bush street,
with its many drawbacks, has been an
eyesore for a number of years. The
traveling ghost oars have left a kind of
hoodoo behind which will not down. The
double gutter left by the removal of the
rails of the old track still remains as a
reminder of the unhappy period when the
crawling cars made their "one visit a
day" over the road. This street the mer
chants claim should be put in proper con
dition.
OLD AND DESPAIRING.
Frank Sundell, an Upholsterer, Sev-
enty-Three Years Old, Could
Not Wait for Death.
Frank Sundell shot himself through the
head shortly before noon yesterday, be
cause he was old and poor and sick, and
his body now lies on a slab in the Morgue.
He was 73 years old and lived back of his
little uphoisterer's shop at 1204 Pacific
street.
Tho deceased left a note addressed to
Herman Wrede. and reading as follows:
"Please forgive me for causing you
some trouble, but I can't stand this any
longer. So good-by to you all.
"FRANK SUNDELL."
Imitating a Trademark.
A final decree was entered yesterday by
T r nited States Circuit Judge Morrow in
favor of the complainants in the suit of J.
R. M. Hennessy against Felix Coblentz,
Coblentz being perpetually enjoined by
the court from imitating the bottles or
labels of Hennessy brandy. The defen
dant's attorneys consented to this dispo
sition of the case and Coblentz paid the
costs.
MERRIAM
RELIEVES
SHAFTER
Command of Depart
ment of California
Transferred.
The New Commander
to Study the Situation
in This Harbor.
General Shafter and Staff De
part for New Orleans
TO-Day.
MAJOR THOMAS H. BARRY
A Regular Army Officer Who Is
Posted Regarding the California
Natioi-al Guard.
As the following general order issued
yesterday afternoon from department
headquarters will show. General Shafter
has temporarily turned over the com
mand of the Department of California to
General Henry C. Merriam:
General Orders No. 4.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT
OF CALIFORNIA.
San Francisco, Cal., April 20, 1898.
By direction of the President, the
undersigned hereby relinquishes,
temporarily, the command of the
I Department of California to Briga
dier-General Henry C. Merriam,
United States Army.
WILLIAM R. SHAFTER,
Brigadier-General U. S. Army.
General Orders No. 5.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT
OF CALIFORNIA.
San Francisco, Cal., April 20, 1898.
By direction of the President, the
undersigned hereby assumes tempo
rary command of the Department of
California.
H. C. MERRIAM,
Brigadier-General U. S. Army.
General Merriam now commands the
Department of the Columbia and Cali
fornia. Owing to important official busi
ness that requires hia presence in the
Department of the Columbia General
Merriam will shortly return to his sta
tion at Vancouver Barracks, Washing
ton.
Speaking of his probable sojourn in this
city General Memam said to a Call re
porter yesterday: "I shall remain here
a week to study the situation in this
i harbor and become familiar with the
! posts of this station. The departments of
I the Columbia and California are not con
| solldated, but there are two commands
i under one head. I will return to Van-
I couver next week unle«s orders direc^ me
to establish headquarters elsewhere."
Major Thomas H. Barry, adjutant-gen
eral Department of Columbia, who ac
companied General Merriam from Van
couver Barrack 3, Wash., to San Fran
cisco, is well known in this city, having
served a tour of duty at the harbor
! posts He is better known to the officers
i of the First Infantry, in which regiment
! he served as second and lirst lieutenant
! and captain from August 31, ISSO. to Janu
ary W W97. when he was appointed
I major in the adjutant-general's de
. partment. Major Barry was captain
of Company A of the First Infantry, and
yesterday, while the boat was transport
ing the First to Oakland, every man of
Company A shook hands with their for
mer company commander. One thing was
especially nottceJ— that he not only rec
ognized "the men but remembered their
During Governor Markham's adminis
tration. Major Barry, who was then cap
tain First U. B. Infantry, served a term
as inspector and instructor of the Na
tional Guard of California. He was with
the troops In camp and visited every regi
mental and company armory in the State.
No one is better posted than Major Barry,
concerning the good points and defects
of the National Guard of this State^ He
knows the individual worth of the officers
of the organization from a military point
of view. He made to the Secretary of
War a breezy, accurate and concise re
port regarding the guard and its officers.
The document called forth a protest from
Governor Markham, but Major Barry
maintained his ground in good style.
General William R. Shatter, accom
panied by his aid. Lieutenant Robert H.
Noble "First Infantry; Stenographer
Bronson L. McClcllan and Messenger
William C. Tremalne, leave this morning
for Bakersfield. where General Shafter
will arrange some personal matters prior
to his departure for the South. The fol
lowing officers of his staff, and civilian
employes from headquarters, will leav,
to-night on the Sunset Limited, and on
Us arrival at Bakersfield, General Shafter,
Lieutenant Noble, Mr. McClellan and
Mr Tremaine will board the train:
Colonel Charles P. Eagan, chief commis
sary; Lieutenant-Colonel John B. Bab
cock, assistant adjutant-general; Major
Stephen \V. Groesbeck, judge advocate;
Lieutenant Frank Greene, signal officer;
Lieutenant John D. Miley, aid and engin
eer officer; Augustus Vibart and William
Armstrong, clerks, adjutant-general's
department; John E. Waters, clerk, com
missary department, and George 8011,
messenger.
Mr. and Mrs. McKittrick of Bakersfield
will go to Now Orleans with the general
and his staff. Mrs. McKittrick is Gen
erai Shafter's daughter.
Maior Edward B. Mosley, surgeon.
United States army, has been relieved
from further duty at Benlcia Barracks
and directed to proceed to Fort Mason, to
take the place of Oapialn Charles M.
Gandy, assistant surgeon, who left last
night with the First Infantry for New
Orleans.
Orders were issued yesterday from de
partment headquarters assigning „ Cap
tain Oscar F. Long, assistant quarter
master, to act as chief quartermaster, in
addition to his other duties, during the
absence of Colonel James M. Moore; and
for Captain William H. Baldwin, pur
chasing commissary, to act as chief com
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
HfcS»_ ' ''"V /'I f \ V/\r%9 Are pood thin * if properly made, but some of
■afc»3fe»i«-l__^ \k iJ , .J^MB ■ the things which are sold as "electric belts"
•H^WinjasJi;!. < / ifflSßßßlliP^inHy at high prices by unprincipled quacks are
r »W~Tßr7aßolrcg>i ■&9 actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
vfJtm®' aAa SMJaiiiiE^V^ a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of
it i. STTat^u?! yV^^Xbjr^ ' tlme - and (ill you with Electricity from the
// / \V; _ yjQ'rfl— 7/>\\ soles of your feet to the top of your head
• • m T-f \-*— you MUST have "Dr. Pierces ," for it Is the'
trl Ije-x_ BEST and Is warranted to be exactly as represented.
, , jf^jL jpc~ TESTIMONIALS ,we have enough of to fill this entire
• fcvv newspaper. Send for our Free Book, No.' 2. It gives price list
/ / 1 and tells all about It. ■ Or call at office and examine the goods
i or yourself* ■ . .
BUT BE SURE YOU .. • • ,
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest "PAMPHLET No. 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the •.. . •""''•
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S.F.
SEATTLE ' OFFlCE— Sullivan block, 713 First aye., Seattle, "Wash, j
missary during 1 the absence of Colonel
Charles P. Eagan, chief commissary.
Colonel Moore and Colonel Eagaa have
been ordered to New Orleans.
Troops C and X, Fourth Cavalry, Pre
sidio, commanded by Captains Harry
C. Benson and George H. G. Gale, which
were detailed not long since to patrol the
Yosemite, Sequoia and General Grant
National Parks, are still at that post. All
the pack mules and aparejos that were to
have been used by the troops in the parks
have been shipped to New Orleans. It is
stated on good authority that if war is
declared the four troops of the Fourth
Cavalry, now stationed at the Presidio,
will be ordered to the front, and their
places filled by militia cavalry. The
special duties heretofore performed by the
infantry troops is now being performed
by the cavalry.
Collector Jackson was officially noti
fied yesterday that the revenue cutter
Rush had been taken by the Navy De
partment for use as an auxiliary
cruiser. The cutter went up to Mare
Island last evening for the necessary
alterations.
Colonel James F. Smith, First In
fantry, National Guard of California,
has issued regimental orders No. 4
directing the regiment to parade on
Friday, April 22, IS9B. The field, staff,
band and First and Second battalions
and cadet company will assemble at 8
p. m. at the regimental armory. The
Third Battalion will report at the Polk
street entrance of the Mechanic.*' Pa
vilion at 8:20 p. m.
Some of the officers of the First Regi
ment, National Guard of California, are
thoroughly satisfied that their regiment
will be the one to g-o to the front upon
the call of the President for volunteers.
In view of this possibility the military
entertainment to be given by the local
soldiers to-morrow night in Mechanics'
Pavilion may turn out to be more of a
farewell party than a reception.
But whether the troops remain or go
to war there will be no lack of interest
in the exhibition. Several weeks have
been spent in perfecting the men in the
various special features to be presented
and they are very much in earnest that
the public should understand the effi
ciency of the guard. This will be fully
demonstrated by the one thousand men
who will appear upon the floor in a
body.
The committee in charge last night
appointed all the sergeants as a floor
committee for the bail which is to fol
low the military display. Leader Cas
sasa o fthe First Regiment band was
also instructed to furnish some new
military airs and intersperse some
lively patriotic selections as well.
Troop A. cavalry. Captain Burnett,
has decided to participate and some
very interesting and instructive ma
neuvers are promised.
CONTEMPT OF COURT.
Judge Joa-ihimsen Fines His Prose
cuting Attorney Fifty Dollars.
Judge Joachimsen and nis prosecuting
attorney, Thomas F. Graham, had a mis
understanding yesterday morning which
resulted In Graham being fined $50 for
contempt of court.
Louis Metter, a carpenter in the Mission,
was tried on a charge of battery upon
Robert Downs, Sunday night. Metter is
a big, powerful man and Downs is a slim
built boy. From the evidence of Downs
and a companion. Joseph O'Brien, a boy
wearing glasses. It appeared that as they
were going home they met Metter and
they had some words. O'Brien. In a
spirit of fun, made a pretense to take
off his coat, when Metter hit him with a
cane and knocked him down. Then he
struck Downs across the face with the
cane.
Metter's story was that the two boys
were following him around, and one of
them assumed a threatening attitude.
Thinking that they were going to strike
him, he used the cane. Metter called B.
Solomon, stenographer in Judge Wallace's
court, who testified to Metter'a good
character.
Th* Judge remarked that citizens should
be protected against young hoodlums, and
accordingly dismissed the case.
"It's an outrage on justice," said Gra
ham. "A big man like that striking two
boys with a cane. These boys are not
hoodlums."
"For those words I will fine you $50,"
retorted the Judge.
Nothing more was said, but after court
adjourned Graham apologized to the
Judge, who, however, said that the apol
ogy would have to be made in open court
in the morning.
WANT IMPROVEMENTS.
South of the Mission Parks and
Streets Demand Consideration.
South of the Mission; which Is repre
sented by a league of improvement clubs,
has for its object the betterment of the
sections known as Precita Valley, Lick-
Wilmerdlng, Cortland avenue and Mis
sion and Potrero avenue.
The district embodied in these sections
has of late made its presence felt by ap
pearing before the Board of Supervisors
and asking for appropriations out of the
next year's tax levy for the improvement
of the streets running through that por
tion of the city. A claim is also set up
for sufficient funds to put the several
public parks that are dotted down on the
official map in condition suitable for park
purposes. Franklin square, Jackson Park
and Bernal Park are to-day in the same
condition as they were fifty years ago,
while it is claimed by the delegates to
the league that every square and park
in the northern and western portion of
the city has been Improved at the public
expense. This neglect on the part of the
Supervisors (not the present board In
particular) is looked upon as being the
reverse of fair toward the Mission tax-
payers.
The property owners, through their
representatives In the league, on the
slope of the Southern Heights, where the
Lick and 'Wilmerding schools have sites,
are loud In their complaints apralnst the
unhealthy condition of the low lying
swamps between Channel, Sixteenth,
Kansas and the San Bruno road. This
section was visited by the Mayor and
some of the Supervisors a few days
since. There was no difference of opin
ion as to the necessity of having some
thing done with the swamps and also
with the street grades, particularly that
of Utah, between Nineteenth and Twen
tieth, where the difference is all the way
from nineteen to twenty feet below the
grade.
The usual cry for lights accompanies
all othor complaints from every section
of the south of the Mission district clear
to the waters of the bay.
The Passion Play.
"The Passion Play," reproduced from
the original as it is presented at Ober
ammcrgau, opened its second week at
Y. M. C. A. Hall on Monday. The play
is a series of pictures of the scenes of
the great play, reproduced in a wonder
fully lifelike manner and with all the
suppressed action of a tableau of living:
figures. It will run every afternoon and
evening during the week, Sunday ex
cepted.
' ADVERTISEMENTS^ ' __ ' '
KJondik^ "
is as necessary as a pickaxe.
K"^^%W^o^ No miner should be without
/a/bfefflf^jim one. Unaffected by extreme cold or heat.
i^m^S^Sm Send, name and address on a postal card
for 148-page illustrated catalogue. It
• Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
NEW HAVEN,' CONN.
■'&-. Qy lA d 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Dr. Meyers & CoT AUC I! OIN
I/I 1 lllv JVI J VVi j — by —
731 MARKET STREET. If AM RHFiN A Pfl
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only. "Uii finLSti 6J» UUa^
V,'e posit'vely guarantee to cure Varicocele. , _r»-_.__ -,_«-_.
Piles and Rupture in one week. Any form of: 000 M4RKFT .STRFFT
Weakness in six weeks. 1 .ood Taints, Strlc- ""*-» " lrtlllYCl O I KCH I ,
ture and Acute and Chronic Discharges a spe-
cialty. To show our good faith ,;:. • . TUMDCnAV addii no ..«»••.
WE NEVER ASK FOR A DOLLAR THURSDAY, APRIL 23 - - at 12 M. sharp
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
TURK, NEAR MARKET ; RENT $175.
,^b^^~ "~T "^3*^-. 53x137:S— 116 Turk, near Market St.; 46 roomi
jfKia^i;- • " fO&P'^m. now; at greatly reduced rent: pays $175: par;
JlilF^^^^l . Market U ,n lm 2 Pr d O .r l : ion S SS than 2 b '° CkS frOm
yEE^ -f\ -1» CHOICE STEINER-STREET LOT.
*ti/&r ! Z \ * 5.-3 23x100— E. line of Steiner, 125 feet N of Oak*
W*££,j Btreet accepted; fine view and fashionable 10-
/$& "«=^6Siff Js^i^L FIRBT AYE ' : KE^ FLAT 3 : RENT $35.
•f\W * *>£«izi&L^ti&}W\ 25x107—186 Ist ay,-.: N of Sacramento; two .
If Ah \fe7 I sunny modern flats; Ist aye. is a Boulevard:
vV l? A . ..&/" y^ii>^ SO ' < l only on account of departure.
■ \ »• - * <^ V^l 28 LAuaEll ai 19 GUY PLACE, Off Ist ; Rent $30
'*■ \ %P> / J^|s» >. 50x160— Minus Lof 2Sx3O, off Ist. bet. Folsom
1 •/./ /**ttv ! 'NSSmvi '"A anti Harrls n . fronting £0 feet on Laurel place
* ''/ </f, a'V«| ; '> '""T^Slww 'A and 25 feet on Guy place: front and rear house.
■'wA i&fl JkM£ir^^s&! DOLORES-STREET CORNER PROPERTY.
■^ZS/v/\ iWls'l''y*^yri Wl$'l''y*^yr' U ~~ *&'%? 2r.:llx:v— X. W. cor. Dolores and 22d; store
&S&//AW T» ■."'-*')•■ \\&K&. (// and dwelling; streets in good condition; Mis-
Sy2oWA^^&WW'h< 1 \j-fifirif V?' ' On St- Klectric branch cars pass.
*^2&m\ '^vIM4&WW iy^ THREE LOTS, BOYCE, S. OF POINT LOBOS.
"§#s§iBMB V'■ \^ s **Bl-^-i^. /^^- 75x120— E. line of Boyce st., 275 feet south of
%B.*%FVL \ '■• \^rWg^Sbi. < l%Z. pt - L^bos aye., as a whole, or three lots,
JfT- £ rv^^ ' eaf ' h 25x120; Boyce st. runs off Ft. Lobos aye.
ify/'-Si TV, v^s23^~-^?^^'i?! 2^S^^ four blocks fast of Ist aye.
// *$ 1 f (A ;^^T l_--gSil^a-^- THREE lots, eureka, 8. OF 20th.
BOOK AND SYMPTOM BLANKS ' 130 each— Three lots west line of Eureka,
ccm-t cfai en cdcc : commencing 100 feet south of 20th; street ac«
bEN OtALbU r-Ktt. . cepted. Take Castro st. cable.
If you 'cannot call at the office don't fall to mTTTDTNfI tots 17th v ny vrrnvTri
send for the greatest book ever published for „ . B . DIL DINS LOTS ' " th ' E - 0F E 7 HEKA ;
men 62:6 xi.-, — S. line of lith. commencing 125 feet
' east of Eureka; street accepted; patent side-
DR. MEYERS & CO., — - 3021 pine . rents $25 .
Specialists for Men of the 31xS7— S. line of Pine, 91:5 feet E. of Centra-
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS works ; rent m
731 Market Street, San Francisco. 23x75-415 22d. S. line of 22d, E. of Michigan;
Hours Bto 5. Evenings, 7to 8. Sundays. 9to 11. close to the Union Iron Works.
KLONDIKE 1 REQISTRATI OF VOTERS -
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL
A« ipmOTipnM fV election to be held Thursday, May 26,
■ Jl ■ I 1 fr 3 *! 1 1 555 (submitting the new charter to a vote of
Vij,r M. 1 ft A \gjJ the (lualiiied electors), will commence at the
.;- i office of the Registrar of Voters, in "The City
Not complete without a supply or ! gjj n M ay oio"^nciulive0 io"^nciulive. 1898 ' and contlnue thenc9
The following persons are entitled to reg-
____^ H_c_a___ ister:
.^gjgS^cCNs' o 'm^*>&^ First— All persons not registered at the last
-"^ 25*^^1 general or special election, but who are en-
■v_~"**--^BSRII an _-HT-iS-' titled thereto.
«^^~^**WLb Bn ft^^^agg ' Second — Ail persons who were registered, but
a *V>gr**~»n . . wiMiir^^jr- by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
* l *<nfl<b»KCci<gj* l cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
-d.-fife^i-j-LL-- T-_^Btij_ __ T • Third— native male citizens not registered
rffe_y?'g»t-&BaaKSßJj«l~j,.^' ami all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
Su( *'g|^^'i,rrr,j tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
T^^^^/LJiSß^^& ary 26, 1898, and are otherwise qualified accord-
ty* Eg^feg^f3af%f^3r ing to law.
2*t»% !jr^Kj*^^^Kl«** All qualified electors who were registered at
2j* : sei ' lltBM!u<w "a«pi* !l^ the last general or special election, and who
*^* d ! FlBcSalF 18cSali ** 6^ I will have continued to reside within their re-
B "•^•fe.iß-. '^.ii/m, spective "Special Election Precincts" shall
lfl&(w- -»e*£ B- **^\refr I be entitled to vote without additional regla-
r>w T?***oiB_ cfflMD-SsC"* "J tration.
• V_^s4_*_»nSw«tlt««Slfes^ Office open from 9 a. m. to 0 p. m.
VJr^S^ ""^— " -5^2-^* By order of the Board of Election Commis-
_» — •—^^ sioners. W. J. BIGGY,
Registrar of Voters.
GAIL BORDEH 000000000000000000
FArTTFBT?AWD I™* -PALACE *a*%
JbAijL& BRAN D 0 CRAI D hotels o
CONDENSED MILK | © W/ \^ l F if c lS co. " g
Hla:be"t reputation for keeping 1 quid- i_. Connected by a covered i>assacewar. "
Itv, csnee, no experiment ; no loss. j O 1400 Rooms. 90 0 With Bath Attached. °
Mru/ vt\Qii rnvnFW<-Fn mii i_ m ® ALL U - NDIJR OxE manaoemmi O
IVtIV YUKK LUINULIMoLII MILK CO. !q NOTE THE PRICES: q
I O European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward /^
• 1 "*<***'•• ii--— ._ _ _ V « American Plan. 83. OO per day and upward *»
'■ — — O Correspondence Solicited. Q
■ I Q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Haniger. q
THE SMITH PREMIER 00000000000000000 °
TvnriiiniTrn MADE ME A MAN
I ¥ UL MM H 9 B I" M /£», AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
0 B H iL Hi 11 I fl I fl 1 _ . B/1 JiltZi Nervous Diseases — Failing Mem-
111 M ■■11l I 111 Ef 2£l cry, Impotenc7, Sleeplessness, etc., cansedi
'. ■.:''-. i If *_U by Abase or other Excesses and Indi_-
T—*^K\ U«ieri Fvepvwhei<p A *&&*> cretlons. They quickly and surely
V > «**»V c LVCPjwnere. \y~T restore Lost Vitality in old or young, ana
A\i«>«»^N» All Ma)/» p,, n( " VfSi^^L. fit r man for study, business or marriage.
M^g£- J\U "lanes KcnteU. <B^ffl> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
' <cWgSW(i» SenH ¥rii» Cit-iTr»«'»itf» taken in lima. Their use hows immedlato fmprove-
Cr^T%>^_. Oen " TOP catalogue mem and effects 8 CURE where all other fail In-
««i_rtV§£i&» nnrl Dnirpc •'• -■' : ' : "" Bist npon having the genuine Ajai Tablets. They
•-ajsj^jasa ana rl 1188 l have cured thousands and will rare you. \Vo«iveapcs-
itive written guarantee to eff act a euro Eft PTC -a
L_ __ ■ ______ _..__. .. _>~ each cas« or refund the money. Price WV M I Wiper
rt M ATPYANnFP _?• TH . Pacj-ane; or six pk K es (fall treatment* for «2.60. By
• V\ 111. rtLLA rtl'i/LIl V\ . vU.« mail, in plain wrappor. upon receipt of price. Circular
110 Montgomery St., S. F. AJAA KC/UdJY w^U., o>i«w». »
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnltz & Co.,
1. ■ ■ _...— ii___.-^-..n ___________ 236 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 549 Mkt.
A prominent vocal instructor, living in one of the prosperous cities of
Connecticut, . relates a curious experience: "In learning," she Bays, "to
properly place and sustain the tone, pupils sometimes feel a faintness and diz-
ziness arising from the peculiar action of the diaphragm and the effort of con-
trolling of the breath. I have known a girl to actually have to sit down for
fear of fainting. I became convinced that the difficulty came from a weak
. stomach and ■>, talked with my physician about it. He was inclined to think
that I had the right solution of the trouble. Some time after that I, from
time to time, gave a Rtpans Tabule, to a pupil, suggesting that it be taken
before coming to the next lesson. The effect was precisely what I had hoped.
The pupils were relieved of the difficulty and able to take "the full half hour of
vocal exercise without any of : the old trouble. It seems a queer use to __*_•
M * swdkina, bat it wa» off«*M»*
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat unsettled.
Barley Futures fluctuating.
Oats, Corn and Kye dull and easy.
Wheat Hay advanced. Straw still hlgb«r.
Beans and Dried Peas higher.
No change In Flour.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables about the same.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Butter steady and Eggs weak.
Blackberries appeared.
Cherries too small and green to sell.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Oranges firm. Limes lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides weak.
No further change In Meats.
Coal in ample supply.
THE NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bulletin
lPMi.^l by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department show the value of the
principal articles of merchandise exported from
the United States for the nine months ended
March U: Rreadstuffs, $256.r.12.025: cotton. $192,
mlneral oils, $41,697,704; oattle and hogs,
$27. 11 !>..">>. provisions, t11^,903.541 ; total. $«07.-
The value for the nine months ended
March 31, was $522. 292. 155 The value of the
exports of hreadstuffs from San Francisco for
the nine months was $19,401,041.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath It. If any. Mi*
•mount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
ami hundredth* during the .aat twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
eure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of.
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is tm
frobable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions 'Will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FKANCISCO, April 20, 6 p. m.
following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season, Season.
Eureka 0 31.15 45.G7
Red Bluff 0 12.30 24.15
Sacramento 0 S.S7 17.20
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Oblspo Trace 6.C5 2«.
Los Angeles Trace 6.26 16.74
Pan Diego 0 4.18 11.61
Yuma Trace 1.C6 5.55
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 56;
minimum. 47; mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS. ; . '
An extensive area of low pressure lies over
the Rocky Mountain and Plateau region. The
pressure has fallen rapidly during the past
twelve hours ever the Dakotas, Eastern Mon
tana-and Wyoming.
The temperature has fallen rapidly over East
ern California, Northwestern Nevada and Ore
gon. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are about normal.
Showers have occurred over the Pacific slope,
with moderate rains In Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Carson City, 4S miles per hour from
the west; Wlnnemueco, 30 northwest; Salt Lake
City, 34 west; Fresno, 26 northwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 21. IS3S:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday, with light showers early
Thursday morning in extreme southern por
tion; fresh westerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
Thursday, with showers In the mountains;
fresh northwesterly wind.
Nevada— Shower? early Thursday morning;
cloudy and unsettled Thursday.
Utah— Showers Thursday; colder.
Arizona — Cloudy and unsettled weather
Thursday, with showers in eastern portion;
cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday;
fresh southwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, 24 miles per hour;
temperature, 45; maximum, 47.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
■fc -- . .. - .■■-■:- -u':,.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 20.— New York stock .
market offered a firm resistance all flay to the
depression which was reflected upon It from '
everj" other exchange in the world. Its declines
at no time reaching more than a fraction over a
point for active stocks. In the final hour, after i
trading on the foreign bourses had boon sus
pended for the day, a lively movement to buy
developed on the New York Exchange, which
■wiped out practically all the earlier losses and
lifted the level of prices sharply above that of
last night. The final recovery was brought
about by the dissemination of a rumor that the
period allowed Spain for a reply to the ultima
tum had been extended to Monday, with a
chance of a settlement being effected before
that time. There were some evidences of ma- |
nipulation for the purpose of making last prices
Bhow striking gains. For Instance, Burlington
pold at 90=^. and on the last sale Jumped to
81%. A broad view of the financial world
phows that New York was less affected by the
crisis than any other financial center. At no
time were prices depressed to the London par
ity. Ah a consequence there was large arbi- j
trage selling here of International stocks. New I
York prices showing a fair profit over London
quotations. The depression in London and on
Continental bourses was more due to the panic
In Spanish fours than to any other one cause.
These securities fell l*i In London and 3*4 In
Paris on forced liquidation, due to- financial
difficulties In France and Spain. Whatever de
pression there was on the New York Exchange
peemed to be due to sympathy with the de
pression in foreign markets. New York ab
sorbed the offerings of Its own securities for '
foreign account at prices above those prevail
ing abroad, and there was no heavy liquida
tion for local account. It Is to be observed i
that American securities have held fairly !
steady as compared with the marked weakness
of Spanish securities. It Is also to be observed
that weakness In foreign markets is due In
part to the dearness of money, and | this In
turn Ie caused by pressure for gold to reinforce
the American money market. The United states
Is still a heavy creditor to, the world, and the
continued withdrawing of • these credits, while
errvlng to fortify the financial fabric at home,
Is a factor In the weakness of foreign mar
kets. Doubtless a part of the selling In New
York for foreign account Is due to an' effort to
equalize exchange conditions. That these of- ■
ferings should be so well absorbed Js a demon
stration of the sound financial conditions exist
ing In this country. Evidence to the same ef- !
feet Is given In the case of call money, which
loaned to-day at 2 per cent, although time
money continues to be firmly held at 6 per cent.
It is still further significant of the same condi
tion that the stringency of money nbrond
should have resulted In declines In the Brltlsn
and French Government bonds, while 7jiit»..i
States fours of 1923 showed -a gain to-day Of Il*.*I I *.*
per cent for the registered and I<4 per c*--rx for
the coupons. Considering the contrast in money
market conditions between New V irk and Eu
ropean* centers. it la not strange tnat the day's
entMjfiß«nt» of. fcold for Import were \ery
Mnnll. 'Hint furtrer Importations >t gold only
awnlt ■ the needs of local . money -nar!i~ts is.
however, evident. :
The bond market was slightly more active
and after early weakness snowed some recov
eries. Total sales, 51,025,000.
United States new fours coupon advanced 1U
and do registered IVi per cent in the bid prices.
.Others were unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 16 1.509
shares. Including: Burlington 29.217, Louisvtlls
and Nashville 6846, Manhattan 7881, Metropoli
tan Street Railway 8230, New York Central
6664, Northern Pacific 5788, do preferred 11.785;
Rock Island 7733, St. Paul 32, 150. Union Pacific
preferred 25,197, American Tobacco 097,.Amer
ican Sugar 48,815.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 10% iSt P * 0m.. ...... 68
Do pret 24% Do pref ........ 140
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific .. 76% So Pacific 12%
Canada Southern. 46 So Railway <%
Cent Pacific 10% Do pref 20%
Ches & Ohio .... ISVi Texas & Pacific. 9%
Chi & Alton 154 Union Pacific .... 514
Chi B & Q 91% U P D & G o%
Chi & E 111 49 Wabash «4
CCC&SL 25% Do pref 16%
Do pref 7S»i Wheel & L E 1%
Del A Hudson .. 106*4 Do prof 8?*
Del L & \V 145 Express Companies-
Den & X G 10% Adams Ex 98
Do pref 41H American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 11% United States .... 37
Do Ist pref .... 31 Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wavne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref .... 141 A Cot Oil 16
Hocking Valley .. 5% Do pref 67
Illinois Central .. 98% Amn Spirits $%
Lake Erie & W.. 13 Do pref 22
Do pref 70 Am Tobacco 100 4
Lake Shore 190 Do pref 114T4
Lr>nin & Nash.... 43% People's Gas 90%
Manhattan L .... 94% Cons Gas 174
Met St Ry 137 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 101 Col F & Iron 18
Minn & St L 23% Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 79 Sen Electric 81%
Mo Pacific 264 Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & Ohio .. 25 Laclede Gas 40
Mo X & T 10% Lead 29%
Do pref 31% Do pref 101
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 14
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 26%
N J Central 91 Pacific Mail 22%
N V Central .... 109 Pullman Pal 170
N T Chi & S L.. 12 Silver Cert 56
Do Ist pref .... 60 Stand R& T 34
Do 2<l i.ref .... 28 Sugar 116%
Nor West 8 Do pref 106
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 19%
No Pacific 22Vi C S Leather ''4
Do pref 69% Do pref 56
Ontario & W - 14% U B Rubber 13%
Or R & Nay 42 Do pref 82%
Or Short Line 28 West Union 85%
Plttsburg 1«S I Chi A N W 117
Reading 16 | Do pref 172%
Do Ist pref .... 37% St L & S W 4
Rock Island S4 Do pref 8%
St L & S F 6% R Q W 23
Do Ist pref .... 5.V; Do pref 53
Do 2d r-ef .... 25% Chi G W 10%
St Paul 86% Haw Com C 0.... 16%
Do pref 140% U P Common — 19%
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s res.. 118 N Carolina 6s ... 120
Do coup 118% Do 4s 102
U8 4s 108 No Pac lsts 113
Do coup ..109 Do 3s 67%'
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 91
U S 5s reg 110% N V C & S L 45.. 102
Do 5s coup .... 111% Nor & W lsts .... 118
District 3.65s ...... 112 Nortnwstrn cons. 1414
Via class A 108% Do deb 5s 114%
Do B 105 O Nay lsts 11l
Do C 95 O Nay 4s 90T4
Do Currency ... 95 OS Line 63 tr 118
(class A 108% Do Line 5s tr.... 1144
B 105 10 Nay lsts 11l
C 95 10 Nay 4s 907*
Currency ... 9. r . O S Line 6s tr.... US
ison 4s 564 0 S Line 6a tr.... 97
Do adj 4s 57% O Imp lsts tr.... 105
Can So 2ds 104 Do 8s ir 53
Chi Term 4a .... 80% Reading 4b 79%
C & Ohio 5s 113% R G W lsts 80
C H & D 4%5.... 104% S L & I M C 55.. 874
D & R G lsts.... 108 SL & SF G 65.. 114
D & R G is 904 St P Con 130
East Term lsts.. 107 St VC & F lets.. 117
Erie Gen 4? 6S Do 5s 113"<,
FW & D lsts tr. 67 So Ry 5s 88%
Gen Electric Ks... 99 Stand R& T 65.. 56.
Q H &-S A 65.... 105 Term new set 3s. 85
Do 2ds lsts tr. 103 So Ry L G lsts.. 99%
Electric 65... 99 Rtand R& T 65.. 56
&SA 6s 105 Term new set 3s. S5
2ds 103 T & PL G lsts.. 99%
H & T C 55...... 110 Do Rg ids 29
Do con 6s 110 VPD & G lets.. 52
lowa C lsts 97 Wan Ist 5s ..' 106-
La new cons 4a.. 95 Do ids 754
L & N Unl 45.... S4 |W Shore 4s 105
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ... 66
MX & T 2ds 58V Do deferred ... 3
Do 4s 55% U P pref 51%
N V Central lsts.. 116 Do 4s 89%
N J C Efl ..«..»*.. 11l
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 12 Opbir 50
Con Cal & Va.... SSV Do deferred ... 3 U
K% U P pref 514
tral lsts.. 116 ] Do 4s 89Ti
s 11l !
MINING STOCKS.
25 Ontario 2 50
■nlnt 12 Opblr 50
& Va ~~< Plymouth 12
Dead wood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gculd A Curry 20 J Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 60 Sierra Nevada .. 75
Homestake 37 001 Standard 160
Iron Sliver 44 Union Con 20
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON. ;
BOSTON, April 20.— Atchlson 104, Bell Tele
phone 249. Burlington 90T4. Mexican Central 44.
Oregon Short Line 28. . >' ■•
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 20.— Tne Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The feature
in the stock markets here to-day was the flat
ness In. foreign stocks, the Paris Bourse being
utterly demoralized by the continued fall in
Spanish 4's, which closed at the lowest, 34.
The weakness In consols caused the notion of
a rise of Bank of England rate to-morrow, and
in this belief discount houses drained to work
and all such business was done at the bank
Itself, which had the effect of making loan
rates easier. .'*. V
Americans were almost unsalable, but there
was no great pressure to sell, and a bear posi
tion, at least in St. Paul and Louisville, now
undoubtedly exists. The manner in which New
York absorbs the stocks is much marveled at.
The markets here are now thoroughly close
reefed and rrepared for war, but the Paris
Bourse will feel the blow .severely. As In
stancing how the market here is now looking
ahead. It Is common talk that war means the
final deleat of the sliver party in the United
States.
Arcentines were fiat. Uneasiness was felt
by some over a telegram received by some
large banks and firms associated with Argen
tina from General R.-wiuoa, urging the impor
tance of their Joining in subscriptions to the
"internal" loan which was announced in these
dispatches on Monday last. The telegram ad
vocating this loan says that it is required for
urgent Indispensable expenses, and "which
will form the best guarantee of peace."
The Paris Bourse is bordertnz on a panic,
and heavy realizations on tlntos and every
thing salable.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific 79»i, Grand Trunk 7*4; bar
Fllver. steady, 25 15-1(5(1 per ounce; money, 24
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
50.477 barrels; exports, 17,161 barrels. Firm
and held higher; Minnesota patents, $5 40fJ"3 70;
winter patents, $4 So®s 25; do straits, S3 65@
4 73.
WHEAT— Receipts, 49.025; exports, 12.800
bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, SI 11%: afloat
nominal. Options opened strong and advanced
to early afternoon on strong Liverpool mar
kets, war news and heavy export business.
After that realizing developed on peace m
mor, causing a sharp decline from the top, ol
thourh final prices were %'QV/kc net higher.
No. 2 red May, $1 09^1 10; cltmed, $1 OS%.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS- The closing as reported by the
Nevr York Metal Exchange are as follows:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull, $6 60 bid, $6 70
asked.
LAKE COPPF:n-*l2 hM. *12 r,O asked.
TlN— Quiet. Jl4 30 bid. $14 40 asked.
SHELTER— M 2U(Ui to.
LEAD— Very dull, $3 6t®B 'o. The firm fix
ing the settling price for smelters and miners
in the west quotes lead at $3 50; copper, $11%,
and casting copper, $im.
COFFEE— Options opened steady, closed with
prices unchanged to 10 points net advance.
Sales, 20, 800 bags, Including: May. .$5 Bo@s 85.
Spot coffee— Rio. steady; No. . 7 invoice. 66 7 >.c;
No. 7 jobbing, 7%c- Mild, steady; Cordova,
B««15c
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, S 9-16 c:
centrifugal, 68 test, 4Hc; refined, firm; Mould
A, sV^c; Standard A, s"iic; Confectioners' A,
f>Vic: cut loaf. fr\c; crushed, 5%c; powdered
&'..~- i'mniilpt»fl. r.i'.c; cnhes. KUc.
BUTTER— Receipts, f,841 packages. Steady.
State, lb(&18c: Western Creamery, 15<$H«; El
gin/-. IRe; factory, 15©17 c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7912 packages. Steady.
Western, liy«@ll&c; Southern, 10@12c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 20.— California dried
fruits firm and active.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 6<37Hc- !
prime wln» tray. 8c: wood dried, prime, B»ic
choice, RHc; fancy. 9Q9V4c.
PRUNES— 3V,(n~\c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. GV4@7c; Moorpark. B%@
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@Bc; peeled, 11® 14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 20.-The Liverpool market
surprised the trade at the start to-day by
showing an advance of nearly 2c per bushel In !
wheat. The war news from Washington gave !
shorts a further scare, and first trades In July j
here were made at BSM.<3SS%c. an advance of j
I%@lHc. September was also remarkably !
strong. Profit-taking caused a brief reaction
during which July touched 88% c, but the
market acraln stiffened and rose steadily to
i 89% c. Heavy selling against calls" stopped
the advance and the market quieted down.
■ The announcement of the actual signing of the
I Cuban resolutions did not affect the course of
I prices, quotations remaining about stationary
, for nome time. The strength of the English
' markets continued to be the chief influence
; Letter reported free acceptances of cable offers
One carco was sold to London at Jl 26 per
bushel, an advance of 6c over yesterday's
■ prices. Domestic crop news of a reassuring
; nature and heavy receipts had little effect
| July continued to gain ■trsngth after reach-
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
Ing 89% c, or 2c above where It closed the
day before. A good deal of long wheat was
sold between that and 89c that rather over
loaded the capacity of the market, and Just
then New York' flung a bomb Into the pit In
the shape of a dispatch giving a rumor cur
rent there to the effect that the Rothschilds
had refused to advance more money to Spain
and consequently that Spain would be un
able to go to war. The market had a sudden
collapse of lc a bushel on that, running down
i In ten minutes from 89% cto SS%c. and then
I after a short fight around the latter figures It
I had a fresh tumble to 87%@87%c. and was
: bringing S7%c at the close. May sold between
■ $1 10-iil 11. closing at $1 10%.
Corn was helped by export sales of over a
: million bushels. ! Shorts bought freely, but th?
: collapse In wheat depressed corn and most of
the advance was lost. July closed a shade
higher than yesterday.
Oats were firm early on the advances abroad
and In sympathy with wheat. The advance
was lost near the close. July closed He lower.
Provisions were strong throughout on war
prospects. The trade was largely professional,
although some outside buying was noted. Pro
fessional shorts were liberal buyers, and pack
ers gave up their attempts to check, the rise.
July pork closed with a net gain of 62% c.
July lard and ribs gained 12% c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '■- 'r'X
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
May 1 10 111 110 1 11
July B<> • 89H 87% 87%
September 80% 82V4 80% SOU
December SO"*' 81% 79% 79%
Corn No. 2—2 —
May Z\% 32 314 31%
July 32% 334 32% 32%
September v . 33% .': ; S4r- 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
May 20% 274 26% 28%
July -23% 244 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 9 90 10 60 9 90 10 40
July 10 05 10 70 10 06 - 10 60
Lard, per 100 lbs— ' '.-.'*
May 6 174 6 324 6 174 630
July 630 6 424 630 6 374
September 6 32% 6 47% 6 824 6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 17% 6 82% 6 174 630
July 5 27% 6 424 6 27% 6 87%
September 6 37% 6 474 6 37% 540
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
higher on export demand; No. 3 spring wheat,
99c@$l 01%; No. 2 red, $1 09%@l 10; No. 2 corn,
314@32c; No. 2 oats 27W27%c: No. 2 white.
504@310; No. 3 white, 29% c; No. 2 rye, 57%@
57»ic; No. 3 barley, 37%e; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 27%
SI 28%; prime timothy seed, }-2 92V5<5?2 95; mess
pork, per bbl, $10 40@10 43; lard, per 100 lbs,
$3 30; short ribs sides (loose), $5 10{iT> 45; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $4 75©5; short clear
sides (boxed), $5 6095 CO; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gal, $1 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 12.000 9,500
Wheat, hush 46.000 243,000
Corn, bush 33«.™0 498.000
Oats, bush 357.000 3:.9,0C0
Rye. bush 6,200 25.000
Barley, bush 1.900 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries. 13@17c: dairies
12«16c Eggs, fresh, 10% c. Cheese, dull, 7%@
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
• • Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 120.320 26,520
I'uluth , 42.530 221.05S
Milwaukee 3,900 1300
Chicago 46.420 243.033
Toledo 28.553 2.700
St. Louis 8.000 14.000
Detroit ; 3.446 676
Kansas City 13,000 13,500
Total* 266,214 622,786
Tidewater— '••;":■
Boston
New York '. 49.025 12,804
Philadelphia 13.918 4,937
Baltimore 47,772
New Orleans
Galveston 1.650
. Totals 112.363 17,741
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April May.
Opening 64 00 63 «5
Closing 63 90 63 75
Flour- .-,-
Opening ....30 30 29 75
Closing 30 JO 29 90
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. ■ Dec.
Opening 7 ll^i 79 4 716 104
Closing 78% 711 724 6 10%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April CATTLE— bulk of
the cattle went at $1 35@4 SO, fancy cattle be
ing nominal at $5 30@5 40; common to fairly
good beef steers, $4*54 50; choice shipping, $4 85
©5; strictly choice, $5 15@5 25; calves, $s<g>s 75.
HOGS— Were active at advances of 2%@6e;
sales were largely at $3 BO@3 »0; prime light
hogs.- $3 80; pigs. $3 25@3 SO. -.
LAMBS — Were dull and featureless. Sales
were at %i 78©4 85 for shorn and $5 25@5 40 for
wooled Mexicans; common to fair sheep, $3 6010
3 SO; shorn flocks, $4<g4 25.
Receipts— 10,000; hogs, 27,000; sheep,
6000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April 20.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 6700. Market active, steady to 10c
higher; bulk of native beef steers sold at $4 30
• '<( 4 65; fed Westerns, $4 70; cows and heifers,
]$2 50©4 50, including Westerns, $3 60®4 25;
i stockers and feeders $3 25©5 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 19.600; bulk of sales, S3 65(g
3 70; heavies, $3 Wai 80; mixed and medium.
$3 06©3 70; lights, $3 s<vg3 67%; pigs, $3 25@3 55.
SHEEP— 2800. Market active and
steady; Western wethers, $4 70; clipped lambs,
$4 Cs@4 75; wooled Westerns. *4 85-S>s 20. t
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000.
Market stronger: native beef steers, $3 80@4 95;
! Western steers, $3 60@4 70; Texas steers, ii !M*
; 4 SO; cows and heifers, $3 25@4 20, sto/itters end 1
I feeders C 3 8004 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000. Market shad" stronc
: er. Heavy, $3 67%«?3 70; mixed. *3 fi2»4S3 05;
' light. $3 6053 62; bulk of sales, $3 60@3 «&'.
i SHEEP— Receipts. 2400. Market stilly; fair
to choice natives, $3 80(54 85; do Westerns. S3 60
@4 80; common and stock, $:?'<M; lambs, Jtti's 25.
DENVER.
DENVER. April Cattle, receipts 300.
Market steady. Beef steers, $8 80@4 50; cows,
$3^3 90; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 80®
$4 20; stockers and feeders, S3 90@4 40; bulls,
stags, etc., $2-33 80.
Hogs— Receipts 100. Market 10c higher. Light
packers. $3 6503 70; mixed, $3 60@3 65; heavy,
S3 Co(g3 70.
Sheep— Receipts none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 20.— Consols, 1104; Silver,
25 15-16: French Rentes, lOlf 35d.
LIVERPOOL, April Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California Wheat, 40s fid; cargoes off
coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage, less
offering; English country markets, firm, about
2s 6d higher: French country markets, firm;
wheat In Paris, firm; flour In Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3&d.
CLOSE.
CORN— April, steady 3s 7d; May, steady, 8s
7d - Jn'v. • steady, 3s 7%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 10s Bd.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 20.— American Wjol and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the wool
tiade: The sales reported this week show an
appaient Increase In the activity it th? mnr
k't but as a matter of fact trade .in a while
hfi«! never been more dull. The sales <;( the
week amount to IKK, OOO . pounds : lomeilQc and
965,000 pounds foreign, making a total of 1,151 -
000. against a total of 530,830 for the prjvlojs
week and a total of 8,300,400 for the corre
sponding week last year.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 20— Wheat, firm and
higher: Walla Walla, S6@'B7c; valley and blue
stem, 89(g'90c per bushel. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.,' April Wheat, strong;
No. 1 club. 86c; No. 1 blue stem, 89c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 20.— Exchanges, »247,
737; balances, $60,219. ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight...... — |4 81
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, Bight .: — =- 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 66
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
A rumor that the Rothschilds had refused to
allow Spain to go to war depressed the Chicago
market, but the local dealers decline -to be
lieve It. and this market made no drop. In
fact, there was . an advance on the morning
sessions, as the dry weather is stronger than
any ordinary depressing news at present.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 60
I for No. 1, $1 62V4 for choli« ana $1 65@1 70 p«p
j ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
18.000 ctls, lib- ; ; 4000, HI toft; .12,000, $1 6'JH
32.000, tl 59%: 4000. $169%. .
Second December — 4000 ctls. $1 60%
6000. $1 61; 2000,- $1 60%. . May— 2ooo, $1 62%. '
Regular morning - session— December— 10 000
ctls, $1 69%; 2000. $1 69%. *■ May— 6ooo. $1 62H.
Afternoon session— December— 6ooo ctls, Jl 32U.
BARLEY— Futures opened lower, but .rallied
and advanced as the morning sessions ■ went
on. -■ The .. recent ■ decline . is said . to ' be due to
the . heavy * preponderance 'of the long Interest,
which found itself overbought and topheavy.
Another factor In the decline was the knowl
edge that the north. . baa . free supplies to sand
flown here, though the present scarcity of
coast tonnage prevents it from shipping as
freely as It desires. -..--•
Feed, $1 32^1 35; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December^
24,000 ctls, $1 30V*.
Second May— 2ooo ctls, $1 34; 4000,
$134 4. Decembcr-30,000, $133; 10.000. 32%;
10.000, $1 32Vt; 2000, $132%: 2000, $132%; IS.OOO.
$1 32%.
Regular morning December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 32; 4000. $1 31V
' Afternoon session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 fiSH: 4000. $1 68%; 6000, $1 59.
OATS— The market is dull, as it is reported
that westbound freights are to be reduced, and ,
when ; that Is done large shipment* from Ne
braska will be poured Into this market. There
Is no change in prices yet. however.
Fancy Feed. $1 42V>fJl 45 per ctl; good to
choice." $1 37V451 4214;" common, $1 30@l 35; Sur
prise, $1 45®1 60; gray, $1 32^>@1 37V4; milling,
$1 3d©l 42% per ctl.
CORN— The market is weak and dull, "owing
to the decline In freight rates mentioned yes
terday. There is no decline yet, however.
Small round yellow, $1 2091 25 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 is@i 20; white, $1 ITM^I 20.
RYE— Weak at $1 8501 37% per ctl.-
BUCKWHEAT— Higher it $1 90®2 10 par ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 25@5 35; Bakers"
Extras. $505 10 per bbl.
MILLLSTUFF9— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100. lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73 per 100;
Rice Flour. J6; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats. $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
§6 20; in sacks. $5 60(ff6: Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
An advance In Wheat Hay was made yes
terday, the other descriptions remaining; un
disturbed.
Straw has again gone up.
BRAN— s2l^2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23@2S 60 per ton.
' FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $30 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Jobbing,
$32#32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $241? 25; Cottonseed !
Meal, $2S<?f3o per ton; Cornmeal, $24; Cracked j
Corn, 12-117 25.
HAT— (Ex-car In round lota)— Wheat. $23® ;
27; Wheat and Oat, $21025: Oat, (20923;
Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, $22<5'25; j
compressed Oat, $20«22 .'0; Alfalfa, $14@16;
Clover, nominal; Oregon Timothy, $14@16.
STRAW— 7O@SOe per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are stiff at a further advance. Dried
Peas are also higher. No change in Seeds Is
reported.
BEANS— Bay $2 90@3; Small Whites. $1 60-g>
1 70; Large Whites, $1 66@1 70; Pinks. $2 65<3>
2 85; Reds. $2 2502 35; Blackeye. nominal; But
ters, $1 404?! 60; Limac, 12 4002 50; Pea, $1 60®
1 70; Red Kidneys. $2 25@2 35 per ctl.
SEEDS— Br im Mustard, $2<f?3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard. $3^3 15; Flax, $2 25; Canary Seed.
2^@2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 3?f6c; Rape. 2«4@2%c;
Hemp, 2\'<i3e; Timothy, s<sS\4e.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75fi2; Green, $1 9C@
2 10 per ctl. _____
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
All kinds remain about as previously quoted.
String Beans brought 10@12V4c.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 30(g-35c; River Reds.
50@60c; River Burbanks, 50f{60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 55<{rS5c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50 .
©70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25@2 25 for I
Merced; new Potatoes, %02c per Ib.
ONIONS — Choice, $2 5002 70; cut Onions, $1 50 i
<@2 25; Colorado Onions, 75c05l per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1068 boxes As- I
paragus, 613 boxes Rhubarb and 574 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for extra large; $1 25@1 50
per box for No. 1, 40c@$l for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25 1
ig"soc per box for small to good and 60@76c for
extra choice; Green Peas, 75Ca$l per sack;
Dried Peppers, 6s 7c per lb; Dried Okra, 12V4c; '
Cabbage, 65@76c per ctl; Carrots, 25#60c per !
sack; Garlic, nominal: Cucumbers, 25cg$l per
dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, repack, $I@l 75 per ;
box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw, j
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, lSc; !
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, DOc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12c for Turkeys,
$5 60<j?6 for Hens. $7 for young Roosters and
$4 50@4 75 for old do.
Local stocks ranged about the same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and ll@l2V4c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
Sl<S'l 25; Goslings, $1 7r,fT2 25; Ducks. $3 50@5 '
for old and $4 Bo@7 for young; Hens, $3 Eo@ j
4 50; Roosters, young, $708 f.O; Roosters, old, !
$4(54' 80; Fryers. $G?T6 50; Broilers, $4 50^5 50 for ;
large, $2 50@3 60 for small; ! Pigeons. $1 50@l 75
per. dozen for young and •$1 25fg)l 60 for old.
GAME— Nominal. V- -.' *„ -
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are hard to move* and some dealers are |
shading the quotations. Butter Is steady at |
the advance. Eastern Elgin tub to arrive Is 1
offering at 19c per IT). • '
RUTTER— - -
Creamery creameries, 21c; seconds,
19<&2Ot\
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, lo£M7ttc per lb. - ' .
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 162~17c;
ladle-packed, 15®16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good. 7%<§S»4c: Cream Cheddar, 10«Uc; I
Young America, 10-Ti'llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern. 12H013HC per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12%@14c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@12%c; Eastern, 12Mi@13%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
More Cherries came In from Vacavllle, but
were too small and green and could not be
sold.
Berries showed no change. Blackberries came
] in from Covina, Los Angeles County, and sold
at 15®20c per basket.
Limes are lower under fresh arrivals.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 50@65c per drawer for large and
75ciS$l for small berries.
Apples, 40<3r>0c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 2601 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, $1 2,>fi2 50;
extra fancy, $2 7698; Seedlings, 50c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 50c(fr$l for common and $1 2V,;2 25 for good
to choice: Mexican Limes, $3 50©4; California
Limes, in small boxes. 40@50c; Bananas, $1 25
\\'l per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Continue quiet and unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3%®
4%c for 40-86*8, 3V;@3%c for 50-60 s, 2*i@3Vic for j
60-70's. 2V«(gf2 : for 70-SO's, I*i<a2'4e for 80-90' ,
lVnl*ic for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy. 5% |
@6c; peeled. 10@12V4c; Apricots, 5^6',-ic for Roy- j
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks; j
Evaporated Apples, 6%©7 c; sun-dried. 4@sc; 1
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%@4%c I
for pittod and l@l%c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, 595)40; Nectarines, 4(Q5c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2'-_@4Vic for quarters and 3@sVic i
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— lH@'2e for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3'-jc for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless ]
Sultanas. 2'4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
NUTS-Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts, 3^4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, R<i@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4®f>V4c for Eastern and.4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6%@Sc; Filberts, Su^lOc; Brazil Nuts,
&(&r>c per lb; Cocoanuts. :$4 BOOS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6si@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<g26c per lb.
- • PROVISIONS.
Moderate trade.
CURED MEATS— 9Uc per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12Vic for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10^4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl;. extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef. $11@12; Salt Pork.
$:>; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear. $18; j
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, U@l2c per lb.', .;
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at Deeper lb
for compound; and 7c * for pure; pails, -7%c;
California- tierces, 6V4c per lb for compound
and 6^c lor pure; half barrels, 6%0; 10-lb tins,
7&e; 5-lb tins, Be. • . : -" - ■ ' , "
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6T4@6%c; packages,
lens than 300 lbs— palls, 60 in a case.-Svic;
S-lb pails, 20- in a case, BHc; 6-lb palls, 12 in a
case B><ic; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case. S>4c; 60-lb I
tins. 1 or 2 in a case.- 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 1 7 /4 c; fancy tubs, .80 lbs net. "He; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7M;C per lb.. ■ '
, HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium ' B'i<B9c; light. S%c. Cow
hides. B'M9c; Stags, sc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, 15@16c; culls and brands, 12®
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16<2>16%c; dry Calf,
lSiglOc; culls, 16f/17c; Goatskins, 30© 37 I ,ic each;
Kids s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 2:.@30c
per tb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, ,
shearlings, . 20@25c each; short wool, 40©60 c
each; medium. 60@80c; long wool, 90c@$l 20
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 3@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2@2V4c; refined, Ec; Grease, 2c. ..
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9®llc; free Northern,
12<g>13c; Northern, defective, , 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— IS 96 crop, 2(gGc for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1597 crop, ll@l4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rate.-! , for , dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: ,'-
BEEF— First quality, 6V4c; second quality,
EV4?i tic; third quality, 4<usc per It).
...VEAL— Large, 6@6c; small.- 6V4@7c per lb. "
MUTTON— Wethers, - BV4@9c; Ewes, B@BHc
per lb.
: LAMB — Spring, 9c per 1b. .-. • ...
PORK— Lire Hosts, &%@ma tor large and 4@ ,
4Hc for medium; stock Hogs, 2@2V6c; dressed
Hogs, 5%@6V4c. '
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, .$8; Southfield Wellington. $7 60; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $7 SO;
Scotch. $10; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and
$11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel. $10 per ton; ■. Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 : per
ton in bulk and $14 In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Moana
lett, the following vessels have arrived from
Australia, viz.: Drummulr, 2794 tons; Domin
ion, 1945 tons; Undaunted, 2312 tons; Socotra,
2608 tons; Snow and Burgess. 2201 tons; total.
11,910 tons. As the total arrival of coal here
from the Colonies since February 22 only foot
up 16,192 tons, the stocks here in yard are al
most nil, still it is known that within the
next six weeks there are 14 cargoes fully due,
with over 31.000 tons which will amply supply
all our immediate demands. The engaged list
for Sydney and Newcastle loading, numbers
68 vessels with a carrying capacity of over
150,000 tons for delivery here: some of these
vessels will not arrive for six months. The
asking coal freights from Newcastle have been
marked up to lGs 8d; several engagements were
recently made at lCs per ton. As the demand
for steamers and sailers for the Alaska trade
Is slackening off. it Is very probable that a
number of these will drift back into the coast
coal trade, so that the anticipated scarcity of
coal tonnage later on will not be realized.
"There is no perceptible change of values
for a month past, as the requirements of the
market are fully supplied from Washington
and British Columbia, and freight rates from
there have returned to their normal condition.
The strike at ' Swansea still continues, hence
shipments from there have come to a stand
still." . • * .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, 6%c; Confectioners' A, B%cj Mag
nolia A, B^c; Extra C, BHc; Golden C, BVic;
Candy Granulated. B%c; California A, B'4c per
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes Vie more. ■■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April 20.
Flour, qr ska ... 7,778 Straw, tons 23
Wheat, ctls 1,340 Pelts, bdls 90
Barley, ctls ..;.. 7,240 Hides, no .'. 241
Cheese, ctls 238 1 Wine, gals 66.050
Butter, ctls 389 Brandy, gala .... 1.200
Tallow, ctls 2SO Lumber, ft 10.000
Wool, bales 312 : Eggs,, doz 12.060
Potatoes, sks ... 1,450 Quicksilver, flsk. 230
Shorts, ska 300 leather, rolls ... 29
Hay, tons 250. Lime, bbls 81
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 6.690: Onions, sks 135
Wheat, ctls ..... 1,040 Bran, sks 3,200
Barley, ctls 4.080 Middlings, ska .. 312
Oats, ctls 3,465 Shorts, sks 6,550
Potatoes, ska ... 3 9131
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ....... 2.4001
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks are weak again, at a trifling
decline from the preceding day.
On the Bond Exchange the feeling continued
weak and most of the leading stocks showed
a slight shrinkage from the day before.
A drawing of 25 bonds of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad Company for redemption on
May 1 at the office of A. Borel & Co. has been
made and Interest on the same will cease on
that date. The numbers drawn are as fol
lows: 11. 20, 60. 64, 71, 99, 105,. 107, 135, 192, 206,
223, 238, 213, 253, 290, 359. 377, 380, 441, 447, 452,
467, 618. 600.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a dividend of 600 per share, payable on
May 2. '- .
The annual meeting of the Justice Mining
Company has been called for May 2.
The Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company has re-elected the old management,
with H. E. Huntington as president and J.
L,. Willcutt secretary.
In the Savage Mining' Company's ground on
the Comstock lode, on the 130 level, the ■ main
west drift has been cleaned out and repaired
a distance of 5 feet; total length, 493 feet. Dur
ing the week have been taking track, timber
an.l air pipe from the 600 level for use on the
130 level, and have put in pipe from the shaft
to the face of the arHt. Have also completed
some necessary repairs In the shaft. Bruns
wick lode— The main north drift, 603 level, was
advanced 10 feet; total length, 447 feet; face
In porphyry and bunches of low-grade quartz.
Incline shaft No. 1 has been sunk a distance
of 10 feet; total depth, 1191 feet; bottom In
hard porphyry- The last set of timbers Is now
being put In the bottom preparatory to raising
the chute* and opening the 800 level.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 7 carloads of ore of the
average . car sample ■ assay of $31 11 per ton.
This -ore was extracted : from the workings in
the north drift on the 900 level.. There Is no
material change In the condition of the mine. ■
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: "The winze from the face
of the southeast drift was sunk 10 feet since
last report, making the total depth 35 feet; the
bottom shows some good ore. During the past
week our work on the SO level was confined
principally to cleaning out the south drift and
timbering the, north drift. We also hoisted 5
tons of ' ore from the stripe on .'this level. The
car samples of the same : average $26 16 per
ton. The face of this stope shows no change
since lost report."
The Alaska-Mexican Mining Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 10c per share,
amounting to Jis.nr.fl. payable on the 2Sth Inst.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 37".c r>»r
share, amounting to $75,000, payable on the 28th
lnst.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
.WEDNESDAY, April 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U 8 'ends— MEL Co — 13V
4s quar coup.. loß — Oakland Gas.. 39 42
(s quar coup.. 108 109 E ac Gas Imp.. 76% —
is quar new. ..117 118 Pae L Co — 64
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. 77 78
Cal-: t Cab E5.113 — San Fran — . 3%
Cat El Us 125 — Stock Gas 13 —
C C Wat Gs... — 103% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Flrem's Fund. 190 —
E L, & P 65.. 127% — I Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 116% Anglo-Cal .... 55 62'
Geary-st R os. — 100 Bank of Cal.. — 244
'I ' & S 5%. .100 105 Cal S D & T. — 97%
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....195 —
Do gntd 's.. — 100 Lon P & A... —
Market-st 65. .126% — Mer Exchange— 15
Do Ist M 55..109%U0U Nev Nat 8...151 155
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNr Ry 75.102 — Ger S & L... — 1700
NRy Cal 65.. 108 111 Hum S & L..1060 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 99 100 Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 63.103 — S F Say U.. — 600
N VC Ry 55.. — 102% S & L 50.... — 100
N Cal Ry 68.. — — Security S B 250 ' —
Oak Gas 5b. ..100 - Union T Co. 975 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 124% California ....107% —
p A O 6a 110 — G»ary 40 —
P& Ch R'" -a. — 110 MArket-st .... 48 49
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio ...... 6 —
Reno ~71y&Li..100 — Powder—
PacElec Ry 55.104%105% California ....125 160
S F& N P 55. 104 104% E Dynamite... — 90
SlerraßCal 6h.102 105 Giant Con Co. 35% —
SPof Ar 65.. 87 100 Vlgorit 2% 3
B P Cal 5t..... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is en 55.. — 96% Al Pac Assn.. 91 96 '
S P Br 6s 107%108 Ger L,d Wks.llo —
S V Wat ..115 — Hana P C 0...— 15
8 V Wat 45... 100 100% H C & S Co.. 17% 17%
Stock las 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 38% 39
Water— Mer Ex Assn. tfO —
Contra Costa.. 50 68% Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marln Co 60 — Oceanic S Co. 37 — .
Spring Valley. 97% 99% Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas <se Electric— 3 ac Bor C 0... 99% ,
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. 6% —
Morning Session. '
20 Giant Powder C0n............ 34 25
20 do Vlo ........34 00
900 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 18 00
275 do do 17 57%
60 do do ' 17 75
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 39 00
60 do do 3S 50
•CO do do ...38 00
140 do do : 3S 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal os 80nd5...... 99 00
20 Pacific Gas Imp 77 00
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0... 79 25
■25 'do. do . .' 79 00
80 Spring Valley 'Water 97 12%
10 do do 97 25
$2000 Spring .Valley 4s Bonds 100 2.">
$1000 do do 100 12%
$2000 do do 100 00
Street—
$11, COO P Branch Ry Bonds. 108 00 :
' " Afternoon Session. >*",'-,■
20 Giant Powder Con. ;... .34 00
30 do .do- ;. .■..34 60
1950 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 18 00
l.'O do do .17 75
700 :do 'do ......:...... 17 62%
20 Hutchlnson S P C 0..... 3S 50 .
80 do. do .39 00
20 Market-street Railway 48 50
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 55.... 110 00 ,
$1000 do do b 2 110 00
$1000 ; do do 6.V.". 110 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal Bonds 5s 99 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 30...... 37 50
10" do do ....3750
25 Pacific Gas. lmp ..... 76 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 78 00
10 Spring Valley Water ..97 37%
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 100 12%
$4000 Spring Valley 6s 80nd'5.. ........ ....115 00
$1000 S P of A Bonds . 98 00
$1000 do do .... 97 50
$4000 S P Branch Ry Bonds .......108 00
INVESTMENT 7OARD.
Morning Session.
60 Hawaiian C & S Co ..17 50
50 do . do 17 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co, s 10 38 60
5 Bank of California ..:.. .......235 00
60 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 30 ;. 35 00
25 Spring Valley Water 9800
. Street—
40 S F Gas & Electric 79 00
15 do do ...78 50
4.'i do do ......;.... : ..78 00
20 Giant Powder : /... 33 25
: Afternoon ' Session.
20 Hutchinson S P C 0......:...'........... 39 00
20 - do do .............;.:.•......... 38 87%
20 Hawaiian C & 8 C 0...... 17 60
■ = Street— .;V^Bfc*#spS«fflgpß!f-j- -.-...
6 8 P Gas 4 Electric, ■ 10 ..78 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the pales In tha San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
350 Alta 19 ] 400 Mexican 17 i
600 201300 Ophlr 54 '
2K> Andes 1315 M Potoai tl ,
300 Belcher 161600 Savage IS!
300 Best & Belcher. 34 '; 400 17
300 S3 200 Sierra Nevada.. 84
100 Caledonia 8 356 86.
200 Chollar 25,100 S3
500 Con Cal & A'a.. 7,". 300 Union Con 24 :
100 Gould & Curry.. 261100 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 18 1. i00 Overman 05!
200 Best & Belcher. 32 2W) Potosi 35
200 Chollar 2G sOO Savage 16 i
100 Con Cal & Va.. 74 2on Sierra Nevada.. 80 I
200 75 50 79 1
300 Gould & Curry.. 23 20 81 |
100 24 160 78
200-Justiee 15 1200 Union Con 25
100 Mexican 1G 100 Utah 08
160 Occidental 2 75 300 Yellow Jacket... 13 i
900 Ophir 631
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 20 *no Savage 20
200 Beir-her 15 500 19
400 Best & Belcher. 8.". 500 18
200 Caledonia 24 800 17;
500 Chollar 2» 600 Sierra Nevada.. 87 i
200 Con CaJ & Va.. 77 1200 86 .
200 T4 300 So !
200 Crown Point ... 14 T.Ofl 84 '
700 Gould & Curry.. 26 200 82 !
300 Mexican 17 200 811
300 IS 1 300 Union Con 27 j
100 Ophlr 54U00 28 j
600 Potosi 391150 24
300 371200 Yellow Jacket... 13;
Afterr.oon Session.
300 Alta 18 200 Potosi 35 |
650 Best & Belcher. 32 200 34 i
500 03 300 Savage 17 !
600 Chollar 26 200 16 I
400 Con Cal & Va.. 74 200 Sierra Nevada.. 79 |
700 Gould & Curry.. 23 200 78
200 Ophlr 63|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Ar>rll 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 05 Julia — 02
Alta 17 1? Justice 14 16
Andes 11 13 Kentuck 01 02
Reicher 14 16 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con ... — 25 Mexican 15 17
Best & Belcher 32 33 Occidental 275 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir £2 53
Caledonia 21 24 Overman 04 OS I
Chollar 26 2S Potosi 35 31,
Challenge Con. — 21 Savage 16 17
Con Cal & Va. 73 74 Seg Belcher ... — 03
Confidence — 5? Scorpion — 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 78 79
Crown Point .. 13 14 Silver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 165 170
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 24 23
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Utah 07 OS
Hale & Norcrs. — 67 Yellow Jacket. 13 14 I
« ♦ ■ ■
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1898.
HO
Th.
Moon's Phases.
11
7
14
21
23
i
_1_
8
16
IT
2
©Full Moon.
W April 15.
,jo-Laßt Quarter
i^S. April 13.
.js New Moon,
W April 20-
V.i
! W
27
ie
23
SU
M
I
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Daniel Desmond to Mary Desmond, lot on N
line of Sherman street, 75 W of Montlcello, E
"5 by N 115, lots 1, 2 and tt, block 4, City Land
Association; grift.
Mary E. Butler (wife of Allan Butler) to
Wilhelmlne Meier (wife of William Meier), lot
on E line of Cherubusco street. 128 :4 N of
fort land avenue, N 25:8 by E 70, lot 279, Cobbb
Tract; $950.
Ruth A. Knight to Lowell J. Hardy, lot on
W line of Spring street, 126 W from W corner
Of Geneva and Spring, NW 207 by SE S3, lots
80 to S3, San Miguel Homestead Association;
$io.
Rlenzl and Mary C. Hughes to William B.
Hughes, lot on S line of Page street, 87:6 W of
Laguna, W 25, S 137:6, E 12:6, N 50, E 12:6, N
87:6; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Clara
Con way. lot on \V line of Buchanan street, 58:6
S of Waller, S 27 Dy W 93; $3050.
Sarah J. Stonehlll to Lewis Gerstle, lot on S
line of Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Stelner, E 55
by S 137:6; MO.
Leonard. Pauline and Joseph Hlrsch to Wil
liam Yon Vops, lot on E line »( Central avenue
<I»tt street), 150 S of McAllister, S 25 by E
I'oniel Doherty to Ellen Poherty, lot on NW
line of Xatoma street. 135 RW of Tenth. NW
75. NE 2.5. SE 75. SW 25: gift.
Robert C. and Hannah F. Braun or Brann to
Harry H. Braun or Brann lot on S line of
Cumherland (Columbia) street, 280 W of Guer
rem. W 25 by S 114: $5.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary
Llnehan. lot on NW corner of Twenty-tiard
and !>• litres streets, N 50 by W 67, quitclaim
Rehrend Joost (by Sheriff) to Marten B.
Joost, lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 83
W of Eureka, W 25 by N 145; $1322.
Joseph M. Marcy to Marie Marcy, lot on S
line of Pine street, 137:6 - of Powell, E 20 by
S 6S:fi; gift.
Hannah Kyle to Elizabeth J. Kyle, lot on
NE line of Harriet street, 150 SE of Howard,
SE 50 by NE 75: gift.
Joseph M. Marcy to Marie and Zephyrin C.
Marcy, lot on NW line of Natoma street, 300
SW of Seventh. SW 50 b- NW 75; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. R dnall to Georgre
G. and Mary A. Svensson. lot on E line of
San Bruno avenue (Nebraska street), 50 S of
Nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by E ICO; $10.
Johanna McGinn to Henry Parsons, lot on
E line of Eighteenth avenue. 278:11 N of Clem
ent street, N B0 by E 120: $10.
W. V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Bernard
J. Gallagher, lot on W line of Fifteenth ave
nue. 2CO S of B street. S 27:3. S 87 degrees 30
minutes W 127:71*. n 25, E 127:6; $10.
Same to Emily F. Gallagher (wife of E. J.),
lot on E line of Seventwnth avenue, 175 N of
B street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
John and Sophia Biller to William C. Schra'ft.
lot on W line of Folsom street, 325 N of Nor
wich. N 25 by W SO, lot 122. P V lands; $10.
Estate of Martin Dougherty (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to William E. Rowlands, lot on
N line of Rlpley place (Prospect). 225 E of Fol
som. E 50 by N 100. lots 136 and 137. same; $325.
William E. Rowlands to John Barnett, same;
Charl»s Out«t to Mary Quist. E *4 lots 77,
79 and 81. Holliday Map A; gift.
Mary irevivioK (now Crirnton) to John and
Lydla Lundblad, lot on S line of Lewis street,
25 E of Craut, E 25 by S 110, E Vi lot 1. block
7, College Homestead Association; $10.
Antoine and Grade Borel to Milton G. Wise,
lot on E line of Paris street. 125 S of Brazil.
S 25 by E 100, block 19, Excelsior Homestead;
Isaac Brownstone to L. L. Cory, lot on E
line of Bright street, 175 N of Railroad avenue.
N 50 by E 100, block 22, City Land Association;
Estate Egbert Judson (by Charles C. Judson,
trustee) to Lorenzo >le Santi, lot on SW line o(
Sixteenth avenue, 5(1 NW of S street. NW 10<i.
SW 100, NW 75, SW 100, SE 175, NE 200, block
335, ON. & H. Tract; also lot on NE line of
Seventeenth avenue. 25 NW of S street, NW 25
by NE 100, SE 25, XE 108, SIC 25. SW 100, NW
25. BW 100, Work T,r>. OX. & 11. Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Grace E. Barnard to Willis E. dibson, lot
on SE corner of Twenty-sixth and Myrtle
streets. E 56 by S Sft, block 637, subject to a
mortgage for $400, Oakland; $10.
J. I), and Rita E. Ferreira to Home Security
Building and Loan Association, lots 6 and 7,
block E, Knowles and Potter subdivision Ken
nedy Tract. East Oakland; $100.
Nle'.s M. and Laura I. Martin to John Lutz,
beginning at a point in center line of Wals
worth avenue, at Intersection of a line" parallel
with NE boundary line Walsworth 100-acre
tract and distant SW 37:6 from said NE boun
dary lino; thence NW 199 to a point 15S SE
from Intersection of said parallel line with
SE line Falrmount avenue; thence SW 33, SE
2 1L 4. t'"> center Walsworth avenue; thence NE
32 to beginning, Oakland; $10.
<\>tri.. r r-. M to John J. Fleming, lot
on E corner of East Eleventh street and Ninth
avenue, SE 30 by NE 100, block 35, Clinton,
r..-T t ( idkianrl ; gilt.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Ninth av
enue. 1(0 NE of East Eleventh street. NE 50 by
NW 100. blnck '■:. same, East Oakland; gift.
Carrie B. Snyder to Max W. Koenlg, lot on
S line of Forty-fourth street. 240 E of West
street. E 100 by S 100, being lots 8 and 9, block
Z9t. Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland Annex;
George H. Jeff res, A. F. Megrane and Christ
Friely to John P. Hansen, lot 30, being a sub
division of lots 12, 13, 29 and 30, Klngsland
Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township; $10.
M. E. Van Meter to Kate Croney, lots 3 and
4, Bromley Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Rosa Frlls to Joshua and Julia Wharton, lots
1 and 2, block A, Amended Map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Harry and Millie Stephens to Charles W.
Saxton, re-record 623 d. 15, lot on E line of
Webster street, 50 N of Seventh, N 25 by E 75,
block 79, Oakland; $10.
H. E. and Louis E. Chartrand, M. Schun
tenhaus, T. B. Marshall and R. McColgan (by
Commissioner) to Central Land Company, lot
on N line of Thirty-third (or Nolan) street,
216 W of Market, W DO by N 100, being lot 19,
block P. property of Central Land Company,
Oakland: $1319.
Francois Reinstadler to Masonic Fund Asso
ciation (a corporation), lot on SE line oi' Third
avenue, ?0 NE of East Ninth street, NE 60
PE 150, SW GO, NW 50, SW 10, NW 100 to be
ginning, block 7, Clinton, East Oakland; grant.
Don F. Miller to William M. Evans lot 31
block C, Gasklll Tract. Oakland Annex; $200.
Maria Stein (executrix' estate of George H.
St»-in) to Henry Stein, lot on S line of Uni
versity avenue. 45 E of Eighth street, W 45,
S 1.'.0, E 45, N 150 to beginning, Berkeley: $Slo'
Francis J. and Margaret J. Jenkins to F. A
and Maria L. C. Sicsfried, lot on E line of
Peralta street. IS2:3Vb S of Thirty-fourth S
26:0 H. E 120. N 25. W 112:8 to beginning, block
675. Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland: $475.
Marie K. Siegfried to same, lot on E line of
Peralta street, 208:4 S of Thirty-fourth, E I'O
S 30. W to E line of Peralta street. N to be
ginning, portion of block 678, Watts Tract MaD
2, Oakland: $2725. y
Antone and Marianna Ferelra to John An
drada, lot 2, block 12. Hay wards Park Home
stead Union, Eden Township; $10.
Oeorge W. R. Gunn to Elizabeth A. Gunn,
3 acres on SW corner of Adeline street and
plat 47, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, o thence NE
6.10 chains, SW 7.47 chains. SB 4.63 chains, XE
5.46 chains to beginning, Oakland Annex; gift.
G. W. Gunn to E. A. Gunn, lot on SW corner
Of Todd and Occidental streets, S 136 by W SO,
lot R. block I. Paradise Park, Berkeley; gift.
Joseph Honer to Frieda Honer, lot on W line
of Shattuck avenue, 150 S of Vino street. S 30
by W 135. block 8, Graves & Taylor Tra^^
Berkeley; gift. 10
G. W. Gunn to Elizabeth A. Gunn, lot 12.
Pemita-avenue Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Cornelius C. Foss to Caroline Foss. lot on H
line of Bay street, 200 N of Central avenue. N
25 by E 130, lot 45, block 19, Mary A. Fitch
Homestead, Alameda (subject to mortgage) ;
gift.
Thomas .T. and Elizabeth T. Moran to Charles
Allen, the N ISO feet of lot S. blcyk 46. Peter
sen Tract, Hay wards, Eden Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
April 16, IS9S— E. .T. Baldwin (owner) with
W. ■ L. Holman (contractor); ' architect none.
Two high-speed electric passenger elevators for
Baldwin Hotel; $8673.
■ ♦ »
NOTICE TO I'ARI-.ERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrorrnphia
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, li
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are c<v laity Invited tn visit th«
cfflce, where complete sets of charts and sail
ine directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
Htrhts. dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
cm Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befora
' noon and Is dropped a* noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic plgna' received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. Cal.
A . notice stating whether the time hall was
dropped on time <:■• giving the error. If any. la
published the same <Jnv by the afternoon
papers, and by the tnornlncr papers the follow
ing day. W. 8. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. XT. 9. N.. In charga.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Ixn*
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlpplon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort Point!
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
APHIL-im
■*-;•-■; Thursday, April 21.
Sun risen..- 5:25
Sun sets 'i 61
Moon sets ■
[?JTlrnej Feet i Time| Feet ! TIE?" 1 Feet |Timel Pest
jjiL Wi H Wi "L, W; IH Wi
Ti 5:3-1 —0.1 12:301 i.ij 5:20 2.51 11:30 1 5T3
22 6:1S» —0.2 1:20 4.3 S:M 2.8 ..
HWLW H W L W
23 0:00 5.4 7:00 —0.2 2:12 4.1 6:24 8.1
24 0:3) 6.3 7:43 —0.) 8:11 4.1 7:00 33
.25 1:00 6.1 8:27 0.1 .4:1.'. 4.0 7:4!< 5.4
29 1:30 4.7 V:l2 0.3 6:18 4.1 8:58 3.«
27 2:07 '4.4 10:0. 0.6 6:12 4.2 10:23 3 6
HOTTI— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the orCer of occurrence as to time. Th«
■econd time column (fives the second tide of
th.> H»v. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
flven are additions to the Roundings on tha
Tnited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number riven Is eubtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the nean of t 1 lower low wat-rn.
STEAMERS TO AUUIVEL
Steamer.
iiomCT.... ,
I Areata i
: Empire _.... I
' Mackinaw !
, Chllkat I
i City Puebia.. . I
Cleveland I
Wellington
Norm ForK
Santa Rosa. . .
Allceßlancaard
Orizaba
. Willamette....
! Proereso
! Crescent City..
: Oresron I
Humboldt. |
Coo« Bay |
Zealandla
We«ott
i Titan la
; Waßhtenaw
I Pomona
I Walla Wa11a....
j Valencia
IHumboldt --
Coos Bar
Coos Bar-
Tacoma
Humboldt
I Victoria and Pugret Sound
Seattle !
Departure Bay
Humooidt
San Dlesro •>
Seattle ' —
Hutnoolut..
Seattle
Seattle
Crescent City.....
'Portland
j Alaska
I Newport..
Honolulu
Humboldt
Nauaimo
Tacoma.
Pan Dlefro
Vlctorlaand Pugret Sound
I Alaska
An- 21
Apr -'I
ADr 23
Apr 23
Apr 23
Apr 22
Apr 23
ADr 23
Apr 28
Apr n
Apr 2<
A:>r >i
Apr2t
Apr 2i
Apr 25
Apr 2n
Apr 2o
Apr 25
Apr 2>i
Apr 26
Apr .:
Apr 2ri
Apr il
Apr 27
Apr 2S
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
STEAMER. I
ATIOVI
SAII>B.
: Lmatllla... Vic&PptSna
I Columbia.. Portland
| Potnoua.... San Dieso —
Weeott Humboidt. ...
■ Alameda... Sydney
; Arcat:i Coos hay
Homer j Humboidt ...
Suite of Cal I Portland
Soots Rosa San Dieiro —
! ABlanohrd '■ Vaqulna Bar.
i Venus jCnina&Japar
; City Puebla Vie & Pet Sna
i NortnFork Humboidt ...
! Orizaba.. .. Humboidt
! Oregon Portlana
i Coo« Bay.. Newport
Newport... Panama
i Humooldt. AlHßka
! Apr 11. 10 AM
Apr 21. 1U AM
I Apr 21, Ham
Apr 2L, 3PM
Apr 21. 2 PMr
Apr 22. b P.M
Apr 23. aAW
Apr 24. li> am
Apr ib. 11 AM i
Apr Ib. 3 PMJ
I Apr 2i>, 1 PM
I Apr 26. 10 AM
Apr 26. aA M
Apr 26. 10 am
Apr 27. 10 am
Apr 27. 9 AW
Apr 2S. 12 M
Apr 28
Pier a
t*ler 12
Pier 11
I Pier Vi
Pier 7
Pier LI
Pier U
Pier l;
i Pier 11
Pier 13
PM SS
Pier a
Pier i
Pier \i
Pier 12
Pier 11
PM S3
THE TIME 8AT. 1..
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
20. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of tha
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
i time. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April 20.
Stmr Ccxjullle River, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Br ship Trade Winds, Rltchi*, 157 days from
Liverpool.
Schr Abble, Gudmansen, 48 hours Caspar.
Sehr Newark, Beck, 18 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel, 48 hours from
Bowens Landing-. Up river direct.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Olsen, 6 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 20.
Btmr Pomona, Debney, Hun Luego and way
ports: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Stmr Thistle, Williams, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
1 Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch &
6AILEP.
Wednesday, April 20
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Grays Harbor.
, Stmr. Cleone, .Walvlg.
' Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.
i Ktn Willie R Hume, Brown, Bristol Bay.
■'.Schr Guide, Olfen. Crescent City.
"Schr Maxim, Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Nettle Low, low. Point Reyes.
Schr La Chllena, Matson, Fort Koss.
Schr Barbara Hernster Jensen. ■'• .■:..:::
. ;raPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April - 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity — miles an hour.
'■; /'. .<; CHARTERS.
The Santiago loads mdse for Hllo.
The schr Honolulu loads lumber on the Sound
for Cape Town. . .
The Drummuir Is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope, 255. ■
SPOKEN. . ' -
" Apr 5—21 N 20 W. Br bark Banffshlre, from
Cardiff for Esquimau. , • .. •
Feb 18— 54 N 60 W, Br bark Carradale, from
Portland for Queenstown.-. . .-
Mar IS— 23 S 32 25 W, ship Benjamin Sewall.
from Baltimore for San Francisco.
Feb 11— Off the Horn, Br ship Cromartyshlre,
from Portland for Queenstown. , •.
Apr 10—3.") 53 N 55 15 W ship Florence, from
Philadelphia for Pan Francisco.
Mar 6—26 S 23 W. Br bark Principality, from
Oregon for Queenstown. • ... . . .
.I>OMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 19— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma for San Francisco. 20— stmr
Wellington,' from Nanaimo for San Francisco
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 20— Stmr Del Nortel
from Dyea. « .
A— Arrived Apr 20— Stmr G Loomls
from Alcaf.raz.
I/— Sailed Apr 15— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
ALCATRAZ— Arrived April 20— Stmr George
Loomls, from Ventura, and salleu again for
\entura.
. SEATTLE— Arrived April 20-Stmr ProeToso
hence Apr 15; tug Fearless, from Unalaska 1
stmr Wolcott, from Copper River., r uttlaaKa »
. Sailed Apr 10— Ship Tacoma and" stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
« £ HA £ r--S'illedr --Silled APr 20-Schr Corinth
lan, for ban Francisco.
Arrived Apr 20— Stmr Jewel, from Caspar
COOS BAY-Salled Apr 20 at 11 a "m-S; •
Empire, for San Francisco. "
SEATTLE-Arrlvrrl Apr 20-Stmr Humboldt,
r^fJ^ l^^"" 1^ 1 ? A r 2< >- R >- Btmr All! "a
m-TrBA a l ; Apr , Ore ? on > hce Apr 18.
forla'n T \* ran^'isi* > Apr 2^ tmr G .Loomla'. Loomla '
Sa n E F r a r ncKc; S!llled APr 2 °- Tuß Fearless, for
i AN ££?&£& Ar.r 20-Br bark Wool
lahra, from Newcastle^ NSW.
EASTERN PORTS.
p NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 19— Ship Berlin, he
FOREIGN PORTS
■SBffiswe^ Apr Br Bhl -
P« B^Ta^7o S r a^na A^^an BtmrSTOLE TO SAVE
WIFE AND BABES
Mrs. Luckhardt Pleads in
Court lor Her Hus
band.
Sick and Desperate He Stole
a Camera From a
Store.
Governor Budd May Intervene
While Sentence Is De
ferred.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.''.roadway. April 20.
Mrs. A. J. Luckhardt, whose name
would certainly be more appropri&lß were
the syllables transposed, appeared before
Judge Ellsworth this morning and made
a pathetic plea in behalf of her husband,
who has been convicted of burglary.
A. J. Luckhardt Is a sick man. Doctors
declare that the foundation of consump
tion is already laid. A few weeks ago he
left his wife and little ones at home and
went out to try to earn a meal for them.
Work could not be found, but an oppor
tunity to steal presented itself. He no
ticed that the little store of Travers &
Leet was deserted at night and that it
would be an easy matter to break in. He
broke in and stole a camera, which the
testimony showed he sold for bread.
The circumstances were placed before
Travors & Leet, and much influence was
brought to bear on them to prevent a
prosecution, but the case went to trial.
No matter how strong the moral defense
of such a crime, there was no legal way
to escape justice. The court withheld
sentence for two weeks, and when the
case was called this morning a fur
ther stay was pranted, so that the pris
oner's friends could confer with Governor
Budd for the purpose of trying to secure
a pardon.
Mr?. Luekhardt, trembling and with
tear-stained face, made the following
brief statement:
"Our condition is that of extreme pov
erty. There were days* when my husband
i ork, but very many more when
he did not. For months bread and weak
. ,•• in?en all we could afford. When
my husband (and here the little woman
I the store we were
in our rent, and it was only
gh the kindness of the landlady that
we v irned out. We still owe a
lot of t
Judge Ellsworth asked the prisoner rf
to make any statement before
J. The sick man said:
• w the circumstances of the
My little ones were starving before
1 was sick and without work.
It seemed to me as though I must steal
them die. 1 did not do wrong with
mention of doing it. but was almost
irazy with desperation when I did it. As
far as I am concerned. I have many times
hungry, but it was too much to see
my wife and babies longing for food.
That is all I have to say. I reauze that I
am in the hands of the law and must
-ion."
Judge Ellsworth hesitated a few mo
jn*-: ■ replying.
"It Is certainly a very painful case." he
"and in many respects a remarkable
one. However, there is a more serious
phase Of it. Your e::cuse for stealing is
that the little nr.ps were suffering for
van' This is not an excuse in a
country lik'' this, where provision is
made for such case?. It is no justifica
tion of your act. although it may be a
reason fV>r mitigation of sentence. The
tf-stlmony of your employer shows you
to havr> been an upright man and one of
unq;> • • .-. But there is
no option for me but to send you to pris
[t is merely in my power to impose
rent sentence, and this I propose to
do."
' • this point in the proceedings the
prisoner's attorney requested two weeks'
In which to appeal to the Governor,
and the court eranted it.
Travers & Leet have written to the
court asking it to be lenient, and Judge
Ellsworth has been requested by the Dis
trict Attorney to use all possible clem
ency.
Thomas Elected Editor. •
BERKELEY, April 20.— C. E. Thomas
*99 was to-day elected editor of the CaJi
n, the University daily paper, for
mi.-.g term. This is Thomas' second
■ at the hands of his fellow-students,
h" h ted president of the
I Students last Friday. Dun-
McDufne was elected business mana
electlon was one of the closest
most exciting that have taken place
■ng time past.
SAN RAFAEL'S GREAT WELCOME ARCH.
Will Be Formed of Monster Redwoods, Over Which the Stars and
Stripes Will Float.
SAN RAFAEL, April 20.— The execu
tive committee of the Ten Thousand
Club, which has in hand the prepara
tions for the rose festival of May 6
and 7, has determined to leave no stone
unturned to make the affair a succc-sa
from every standpoint— a success that
will reflect credit on this progressive
little city and those who are working
In 'ts Interests.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MARRIED THE MAYOR'S DAUGHTER.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway. April 20.
This was wedding day in this city, no less than three such social events
being celebrated.
At the li me of Mayor Thomas. SIS Eleventh street, his daughter, Miss
Mary Ellen, was united to Howard Badger of San Francisco. The ceremony
\\;is performed by Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean in the parlors, which were deli
cately decorated with bamboo trellis work, intertwined with roses and smi
lax. The bride Is a very talented young lady and popu.ar in social circles
in this city. She was given away by her father, while Elmer Lreffingwell was
best man. Among those present were: Mrs. A. M. Benham, Mrs. A. S.
Merrirr.an, Miss Merriman, Miss Irene Baker, Miss Mercie Stephen
son, Miss Gertrude A. Williams. Miss Ethel Bates, Professor and
Mrs. R. G. Alkin, Harry Thomas Jr., Mayor and Mrs. Thomas,
Miss J. H. Badger of Stockton, Miss A. Collins, Mrs. H. Moses,
Misses Helen and Gene Thomas. The bride is a native daughter, and
was attended by Misses Irene Baker, Mercie Stephenson, Gertrude Williams
and Ethel Bates. Bride and bridesmaids were all attired in white. A dainty
luncheon followed the ceremony.
Miss Blic Smith, daue-hier of Mrs. P. J. Kenna. was married this even
ing to Georpe Hammer of dan Francisco. Rev. Father j^enna of San Jose
performed the ceremony.
Miss Margaret Cameron and Benjaciin F. Smith were married this
evening at the Unitarian church.
NEW WORK FOR
GRAND JURORS
A. Case Something Like |
That of Harry
Thomas.
Detective Herbert Is Said to j
Have Influenced a
Witness.
Scandals WJJI Not Occupy Much
Time of the Present
Session.
|
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 20.
The Grand Jury will not meet till Tues
day of next week, and it is thought that
a very few days will complete its labors
for this session.
Some pressure has been brought to bear
on Foreman Crooks to induce him to call
the Grand Jury together earlier, but he
soon convinced himself that the pressure
came from parties more anxious to do
politics than morals, and he declined to
gratify such desires.
As things now Btand, there is prac
tlc&lly nothing definite before the jury-
They' have heard all kinds of startling
rumors and unverified stories about cor
ruption and similar things, but in no in
stance have they been able to get matters
in such shape or to procure evidence di
rect enough to warrant issuing any in
! dictments.
It is probable that subpoenas will be
issued for some of the directors of the
Contra Costa Water Company, but it is
not expected that they frill incriminate
themselves or allow themselves to be
caught in a trap.
There is a possibility that an entirely
new subject will be taken before the
Grand Jury- While testifying at the pre
liminary examination of Stacey Rogers
for shooting Edgar Halsey at Berkeley,
Mr. Hayne, one of the witnesses, contra
dicted the sworn testimony he gave at
the Coroner's inquest.
The testimony was in such conflict with
his former statements that ex-Judge Gib
son, who is defending Rogers, subjected
Haynes to a severe cross-examination. It
was then brought out that since testify
ing at the inquest Haynes had been vis
ited by H. V. Herbert, who is known as
the private detective of the District At
torney's office. Haynes said that it was
owing to the suggestions of Herbert that
I he changed his testimony. Judge Gibson
j brought this point out very clearly, and
I will make the most of it in the trial of
i Rogers. The first testimony of Haynes
was rather favorable to Rogers, but his
last testimony was decidedly unfavorable,
and it is this change which" is credited to
Herbert.
Herbert is the man to whom the Dis
trict Attorney gave the subpoenas for
One of the most unique and artistic
features of the holiday decoration will
be the grand arch, to be located on
Fourth street, between B and C. The
dppifrn of the arch wns drawn by
Farnsworth, the well-known loc; 1 .! art
ist, on suggestions by Mrs. L. J. Hamm,
long an aMOcl&te of Miss Mary Bates
in the decorative line. Mrs. Hamip's
idea met wiUi the unanimous favor of
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
Messrs. W'hittier. Preston and Goodall,
directors of the Contra Costa Company,
and who returned them with the infor
mation that they could not be found. All
previous subpoenas have been given to
the Sheriff's office and were uniformly
served, but for some reason or other not
made public the papers for the wealthy
witnesses required mere given to Herbert
The Grand Jury may also want to know
why the subpoenas were given to Her
bert in this particular instance instead of
to the Sheriff.
ASKS FOR A SECOND DIVORCE.
Mrs. Bessie Cameron's Remarkable
Matrimonial
Career.
OAKLAND, April 20.— James T. Cam
eron is about to lose his wife, Bessie Cara
j eron. for the second time through the mi
i tervention of the divorce courts. Strange
j as it may seem. Mrs. Cameron is now in
volved in her third affair of the kind, but
only two men are interested.
Years ago she married Cameron. Later
she was divorced from him and married a
man named Foster. She was divorced
from him and after a while remarried
Cameron. Now she is seeking another
annulment. This time she charges cruelty
and asks for attorney's fees, costs and $25
; alimony monthly pending the trial.
Postponed Until Friday.
OAKLAND, April 20.— The meeting of
the Police and Fire Commissioners was
; not held to-day. The Mayor was busy
preparing for his daughter's wedding, and
! to-morrow must be in San Francisco on
city business, so the meeting will be held
i on Friday.
Hilborn Answers ttirard.
OAKLAND. April 20.— Pending the Cu
ban question before Congress, Councilman
F. R. Girard telegraphed Congressman
j Hilborn asking him to vote for interven
tion. To-day he received the following let
ter in reply:
"WASHINGTON. April 14. 1898.— F. R
Girard, Oakland— Dear Sir: Your telegram
is received, and I hope that my vote on
the Cuban question was pleasing to you
and the patriotic citizens of Oakland.
Very respectfully,
"S. G. HILBORN."
Non-Frats Win.
OAKLAND. April 20.— The semi-annual
election of officers to edit and manage the
; Oakland High School Aegis was held this
afternoon and resulted in a complete vie
: tory for the non-fraternity party, its can
didates being elected to every office upon
! the staff. Considerable interest was man*
; Ifested in the election, over a hundred
vote* being cast. The following were the
successful candidates: Editor. Frank A.
Nig-htingill; first associate, Walter Bur
]■■■■: second, Thomas R. Quavle; third,
' Miss Zoe Ackerman; fourth. Miss Julia
Summers; president of company. Charles
Hams; vice-president, Antony Cadogan;
; secretary. Clarence wills; treasurer, Ray
mond Jones; business manager, Ray Mc-
Cargar.
Tried to Steal a Boxer's Bike.
OAKLAND. April 20.— Al Lean, the
boxer, was awakened early to-night by
a noise in his room. He investigated, and
found a man taking his bicycle. It was
half way out of the window, but on being
: discovered the intruder left it and made
his escape over thje back fence. Lean was
unable to give a description of the in
truder.
A Can of Counterfeit Cpin.
1 OAKLAND. April 20.— A boy disco%-ered
a tin can in the sand on the beach near
: the Sixteenth-street station this after
j noon, filled with forty counterfeit dollars
! He turned it over to Officer Rand, but the
! latter had not reported the find to the
, police station to-nipht. No particulars
I are ascertainable regarding the find.
the committee, and in consequence
work on the arch will be commenced
at once by Thomas McLean. It will
extend from building to building, a dis
tance of sixty feet; will be eight feet
in thickness and vary from twenty-five
to thirty feet in height at the different
points. The main entrance will be
twenty feet In width. The material
to be used for the columns Is redwood,
and the trunks of the trees will stand
with the bark undisturbed, thus insur
MAY PLACATE
THE PULCIFERS
Young Men's Leagues
Desirous of Being
United.
Partisan Feeling Is Not Yet
Eliminated From the
Question.
Within a Few Days There May Bo
Perfsot Harmony in All
Quarters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 2U.
Overtures are now being made between
the Young Men's Republican leagues to
bring about a union. Harry Pulcifer has
been offered one of the vice-presidencies
of the league presided over by Mr. Breed,
but has not yet stated whether he will
accept or not. He has decided to call a
meeting of his followers next week, and
steps will be taken to try to end the un
pleasant controversy.
The offer of a vice-oresidency to Mr.
Pulcifer has not tended to bring the two
factions together, because it is an admis
sion on the part of the larger league that
something is due, and consequently nas
helped to foster the independent feeling
of the Pulcifers.
It has been suggested that If a union
cannot be arranged Mr. Pulcit'er should
diplomatically withdraw and organize a
Republican league under an entirely dif
ferent name that will not conflict with the
Young Men's Republican League. There
is really nothing to be gained oy continu
ing the struggle, for it is admitted on
both sides that if a joint vote of all the
parties Interested could be taken then;
would be a majority against Pulcifer.
Therefore he would be voted down and
all his plans upset, even supposing that
the two leagues joined.
The main bone of contention is not a
matter of who shall fill the offices of the
league. There is no disguising the fact
that the leaders of the Pardee and Davis
forces are anxious that it should appear
that the league is in favor of one or other
of these candidates. Although Mr. Breed
made an honest, square declaration on
this subject a week ago, there are so
many leading members of the league
pledged for their own individual interests
to support Dr. Pardee that it is very hard
for the Davis men to believe that they
will not attempt to swing the league into
line for Pardee. Of course. Mr. Pulcifer,
being associated in business with Mr.
Davis, is not going to do anything to help
Dr. Pardee; neither is he going to leave
any stone unturned to help Mr. Davis.
Consequently, the feeling of distrust is
mutual. While all are Republicans, they
have their preferences, and it would seem
fitting that those who cannot agree with
the principles of the league but who want
to reduce it to the level of a piece club,
should withdraw and organize little one
man bodies, who can follow their idols
without being subjected to suspicion of
duplicity.
Intercollegiate Debate.
BERKELEY, April Invitations
have been issued for the annual inter
collegiate debate between California and
Stanford, which will be held next Satur
day evening at Metropolitan Temple, San
Francisco. The question and the names
of the debaters are as follows:
Resolved. That the system of unrestricted
production of prison-made Roods, for sale In
the open market, on the public, account, Is
preferable, as .a system of prison management,
to that which is in operation in the State of
New York. ....
Affirmative— Harry A. Orerstreet. George
Clark, Arthur J. Dannenbaum, of the Univer
sity of California.
Negative— A. P.. Morgan, S. G. Bailie. James
Fergruson. of Inland Stanford Junior Univer
sity.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 20.— The intercol
legiate tennis tournament between. Cali
fornia and Stanford will be held next
Saturday morning at the California
courts, corner Scott and Bush streets,
San Francisco.
The Associated Women Students of the
University will elect officers next Friday
morning at 11:15 o'clock. The Athletic
Association of the university will meet
at the same time to elect the regular
officers of the association and a baseball
manager for 1599.
The baccalaureate sermon to the grad
uating class of the university this year
will be preached by Rev. H. C. Mlnton
D.D.. of the First Presbyterian Church
of Berkeley.
ing a decidedly rur.il effect. The roof
will be covered with evergreens and
the decorations will consist of palms.
rose* and ferns. Over the structure
"Old Glory" will float proudly to the
breeze. Electric lights and Japanese
lanterns will add to tho effect at night.
The redwood trees used In the cor*
struction of the arch will be transport
ed from the vicinity of Duncans Mills
free of charge by the Northern Pacific
Coast Railway Company.
AT THE MERCY
OF FOE'S GUNS
Cities on Seacoasts That
Could Easily Be
Bombarded.
Captain Harkins Offers Some
Valuable Suggestions in Ref-
erence to Defenses.
Believes That Ships of War Are
Required for Protection From
Foreign Fleets.
BERKELEY, April 20.— As the neces
sity for strengthening the fortifications
along our seacoast and increasing our
naval force is generally admitted by
all patriotic citizens, I have concluded
to submit a few thoughts that have
have suggested themselves to me in
connection with this subject, with a
hope they may interest the public and
that some erf them may be utilized by
the men who are controlling the des
tinies of the nation. Several of our
seacoast cities lie so close to the ocean
that forts and guns, no matter how |
strong and powerful, cannot prevent i
their destruction by an enemy's fleet i
in time of war. This is especially true
of the cities of San Francisco and San
ta Barbara. One war vessel with mod
ern high-power long-range guns could
destroy either or both of these cities
with but little risk by approaching
them at night o» during one of the fogs
that are so prevalent along the coast \
and commencing a bombardment, keep- :
ing in motion while in action.
Every projectile from the ship would
do more or less execution, while it
would be a mere accident if a shot
from a shore battery would hit the yes- j
sel. I have selected these cities as be
ing especially exposed to attack, but
there is scarcely a city on our seacoast
that is not in danger of being captured
or destroyed by an enemy's fleet if not
protected by war vessels. Even those ,
cities that are well inland on bays, \
harbors and rivers that are accessible •
to ocean vessels are not exempt from
this danger. As proof of this I would
call attention to the fact that Admiral
Farragut captured the city of Mobile in
1864 with a fleet of wooden vessels with
comparatively small loss, although the
city was defended by a number of for
tifications, shore baiterits, bunKei< i<_u
pedoes, rafts and some war vessels,
among them a formidable ram. The
monitors attached to Farragut's fleet !
took but little part in the combat, and ,
they were too slow and unable to keep j
up with the attacking squadron.
If the Confederates had had a fleet ,
of war vessels to give battle to Farra- '
gut's fleet in the lower bay, it is very '
probable that even if Farragut had
been successful his fleet would have
been so much injured by the conflict
that he could not have passed the for
tifications and obstructions and cap
tured the city.
Naval armor and armament have
kept up with fortifications and shore
batteries since then. What has been
done in the past can be done in the
future. The history of the wars of the
past teaches us that the more effec
tive way to defend is to attack, and
that a nation, city, army, fleet or fort
reduced to a purely defensive attitude |
generally succumbs sooner or later. ;
This has been the rule, with but few j
exceptions. In assuming the offensive, ,
the time, place and mode of attack can ,
be selected, which is a decided advan
tage in warfare, either by sea or by
land. I
It must therefore be evident to all j
who have given this subject much i
thought that fortifications alone are j
not sufficient for the protection of our ;
seaboard cities in time of war, and that
a strong fleet of war vessels is an ab- ;
solute necessity to prevent their de- ;
struction or capture by an enemy's !
fleet. If this is conceded, the question
naturally arises, What type of war :
vessel is best adapted, not only for
this purpose, but for the protection of I
our growing commerce and . our in- j
terests in foreign countries? Some of
the war vessels on which we are ex
pending large sums are to some extent
experiments, and may prove more
dangerous in action to those that j
serve on them than to the enemy. This |
is especially true of the battle-ship. |
It is so topheavy with armor and
guns that if it should meet with an ac
cident or be seriously injured in com
bat it would be likely to sink so fast
that it would be very difficult, if not
impossible, for the crew to escape even
in a smooth sea. This was fully dem
onstrated during the maneuvers of the
English fleet in June, 1893, when the
warship Camperdown accidentally
rammed the battle-ship Victoria, which j
caused the latter to sink so fast that
she carried with her to an untimely j
end over 400 of her officers and crew, j
This occurred in daylight during a j
smooth sea. This incident should of ;
itself be sufficient to cause our public |
men to hesitate before recommending
or authorizing the construction of any j
more battle-ships.
The unprotected cruiser is useful as j
a commerce destroyer, but as it stands
high out of the water it presents a j
conspicuous target for an enemy's j
guns, and is so constructed that the
guns and the men that operate them
are unprotected. If the men are killed
or wounded or the guns injured, the
vessel becomes useless as an engine of
warfare.
The monitor is too slow, and as it :
! possesses indifferent seagoing qualities j
it is useful for harbor defenses only. |
As a substitute for these vessels and ,
combining all of the best and most es- j
sential features of the three classes !
mentioned I would suggest a protected
torpedo grunboat that would Fit low in
j the water, with but few guns, some
large and some small, and as many
torpedo tubes ns could be advantage
ously used, with a high rate of speed,
light draught and good seagoing quali
ties. All of these important features
can be combined, and such a vessel
could be hastily constructed and easily
docked.
As all great naval engagements in
tho past have been fought near land, it
is very probable that conflicts of a like
! nature will also in the future be fought
near land. If such should be the case
vessels of light draught would have a
decided advantage over those drawing
more water.
CHAKLES HARKTNS.
United States Army, retired.
Bourdon Speakers Chosen.
BERKELEY. April 20.— The freshmen
have chosen the following speakers for
their Bourdon celebration next Monday
evening:: Pontifex Maxlmus. C. D. Cobb:
laudators, B. S. Pierce. J. B. Southard;
damnators.B.T. Fisher. K. W. Tally ;
Mephistopheles. M. ; H. Schwartz; impre
cator.-W. S." Butler: nuntiator, A. S. Wil
liams; leader of chorus, George Lunt;
pliost. N. G. Gulberson. .
S*~~%l r> Gibbon's Dispensary,
SS^tr*nn Jn '* 5 * for tl»e treatment of l'rlvats
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2/>KEARKT.Vr. Established
in 1554 /ortlietrentmentof I'iivatfi
Diseiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
'JhfisS «W» disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charfrt-s low
-^■ni!i'wn?rirßl^'*""**r""**~******" 1 C'Hllorwrite.
l>r. J. I. bIfiJSO.V Box 1997. Sftn^rasclsca
/^. -f «-» /
Auction Bai.es
GROCERY AUCTION !
THIS DAY (THURSDAY) at 10 a. m.
1275 FOLPOM ST., NEAR NINTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP. Auctioneer. ■
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
;| yCTh— _ Steamers leave Broad w»7
: tss?s?!fs?»i wharf, San Francisco:
1 WUP*wSS»lfc» For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
ii 6V* fcS«V«?a April 1. 6. 11. 15. 21. 26. May 1.
kS£\JiSs V*H transfer at Seattle.
'■ FXs£&l2£s^l» For Alaskan ports (from
I' r"*'(^P«!ffa\ Spear rtreet wharf), 10 a. m..
i< April 8. IS. 23. May 3. transfer
™ at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
eend Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., April 1. 6.
i 11 16 21 26 May 1, and every fifth day there-
i after,' connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
| Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry • »
' C For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10" a. m..
I April 2, S. 14. 20. 26. May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. _.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
\ Newport 9 a. m. April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27.
I May 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ran Diego, stopping; only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Aneeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 28. May 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo^e del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. April 12.
I and "Jd of each month thereafter.
t The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? if sailing. V»-- ;
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A*t»..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR TIL. .A. IST ID
i From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAQE $12 First Class Including Berth
rMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon April 18, 27
Columbia April 21, 30 f
Slate of California April 24. May 3 1
Through T.cketß and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market it.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK. PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON. ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana. 3400 tons. Conemauph. 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
6. 8. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl?rt of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and Interme-
diate po!nts™For . passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
fMngiMlA The S.S. ALAMEDA
JmHRIL sails via Honolulu a.n 1
• gr'ff»s»"w Auckland for Sydney
Jg WB -^ Thursday, April 21,
a^S \'\ at 2 p. m.
JsiMm<:hinJ *S - s. zealandia.
G)lCa!IDIIIU'- for HONOLULU only.
fofPR?I?U» Wednesday. May 4.
VUllifMUqr 2 p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents..
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <CTj CTfl^
by this line avoid both transit by" * sl>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class, $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOCRGOGNE ...May 7. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14. 10 a. m.'
LA GASCOGNE..... May 21, 10 a. m. ;
LA CHAMPAGNE May 23, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to I
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLA.N-
TIQUE, Agent, ' ' r>; T^ 7 -* i
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck. ..April 2* A. Victoria June 16 j
A. Victoria May 19; F. Bismarck — June 30 ;
F. Bismarck Juno 2 F. Bismarck — July 28 I
Ist Cabin $100 up. 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30.'
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER service.
new YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Phoenicia May "[Pretoria May 23
Pennsylvania... May Hi Patrla.. June 4
Palatla . May 21 Phoenicia ..June 11
Also B. S. Russia, April 30, 2 p. m.
Ist Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26.
Hamburg- American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and S:3O p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier J.
Telephone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA f FU2
Steamer Alviso leaves Her i dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alviso daily "(Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and AJviso. 50c;
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street, Pier.l. 41 North
First street. San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
If^afe^T CALIFORNIA
l^^^M LlMirED '
HW^^^fi- SAN FRANCISCO
l™^™^^^j ! CHICAGO.
m— »■»—««— ■■», unluAuJi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class 'passengers only, liuc with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlnß-Rcom Sleepers.
Z\i days to Chicago. 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
I.'.ivts daily at 4:30 i>. -in., carrying i'u.lnian
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct conne<" i In Chicago and.
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrt- and depart 'frcm Market-street
Ferry. San Fran isco ticket office, 6.i Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1520. ■ Oakland office. ills Broadway Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. &ai Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.' ■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing' September
For "Mill Valley and' San Rafael— *7:2s. *9:30.
11:30 a. m.; *1:45, 3:45, »5:15, COO. 6:30 p. m..
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and; San Kafael— *B:oo. 10:00.
Mill Valley and San Rafael— «7:2s *3:30.
0 a. m.; »l:4a, 3:45, 'jao. C:00, 6:30 p. m.
i trips for Sun liafael on Mor.days, WeU-
days and Saturdays at ll:3u p. m.
BUNDAYa
Mill Valley and San Rafael— 'ScOO, 10:00,
•11-30 a. m.: 'I:!', 3:00, •4:30, C:l5 p. m. :
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:25 l. m. week days for Cazadero and way »ta-
. ttons; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays lor Point Reyes and way staUoaa.
SPECIAL SALE!
fctb s^3* _fc?S
FRIDAY.
FRIDAY April 22
";• At 11 o'clock at
EMPORIUM SALEYARD,
223 Valencia St., bet. 13th and 14th.
By order of the R-,nnra Mill nd Mining-
Corripary we will sell at public auction 60 head
of well broken horses'; sale positive; stock must
be sold at any price. Now at yard.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Sixth st. ■
RAIL AD TBAVEL.
■vtTiiKit.N »*A«Jiri«J CMTaIT
(PACiriC SYSTEM.)
Tri»!n» Irnir*- him) nrr «!<••• In nrrlve at
.san nt.4N<:iN<:o. <
(Mai.. Line, Foot of Market Street)
vu v« — From ArniL 10. IS9B. — ARRrrf
•C:««;a Niks. San Jose and Way Stations... * 8 --"*
7:«O\ Kfi-ici*. Buisun »nd Sacramt-nt0.... 10:43 a. .
T:OO A Mdrjßvile. Ur.iTiUe and Redding tU
Woodlkcd 5:4.11-
7:00* VacavUle »nd Rumsey 8:40P
7:a«A Martinet, San Hainon.ValleJo, N»pa,
Cali«toea and Sftiit* Rosa, Bilar
8:00 a A tUi.ti.l i:x;.rea«, Og'leu and Kast.. tilSp
»i:k»a Nile* Sail .lone. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maryimlle, Chlco,
Tthama and Re.l Itliiir •fil3l >
•S:3oa l'eters, Milton ami Oakdale... •7sl&*
ViOOa New Orleans K«i.i.i;r. Merced, Ray-
mond, lieum, Kakenlie-id. Santa
lUii.Hfa, }*>» Ai. ,<•]!■!>, Uenilng,
El l'a«o. New Oilcans and Kast. oi43>
9:00 a Vallrjo. Martinez, M:rc«d and
Fresno 12:15p
•l:00p Sacramento Ki»er Steamers •9:««F
I :<>t»r Nile*. San Jose »cd Way Buttons.. *O:4."»a.
I:3Op Mart»i:er and Way Stations 7:4»P
2:00 - Li'ermore, MeLdota, Hauford and
ViMtlia. 4jlsp
....... JUTermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations JlOilß*
4i«Vr Martinez, San Ramon, Vailejo, .
Napa, ('ali»t<«», l.l Verano and *
♦- Hunt* uob.l »iia»
4iO«r Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland.
J<i Lauding. MarysTille, Oro-
rUle and SaciHineiitii 1O:4»A
l:3orMles San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7:l. "Vr
*:3l)p Lathrop, Modesto, Merest, Berenda,
Fresuo, MiijaTe (for lUndsbuig),
(Sai.la KarUiraantl I** Angeles.. 7i43a
■Itaop Mhiilu IV i:»ute. Atlimlic Impress
tat Illicit iiml KH«t 6:45f
• 1J5:30p " Sensed Limited." Los Angeles, 111
l'aon. Fort Worth, Little lU;ck, St.
L..vis, Chicago and Kast {10:13*.
T.V3UF "Sunset United Anni-x," El Paso,
>ewOrl^ani.a^d Kaet |Ioil3a
O:OI)r I. !'<•■•" Mall, llgtlmi anil Kast.... 9:4-"» v
0:UOr IhiyminU, NiltiHiiil San Jose 7:1-1*
t8:«oi- Valuta I f7«4Sr
s:«llp Origan l<;>|iirwi,Ni.<THi»ento, Marys-
tllls, Iti-.l.iiiiK. l\>itl.uid. I'nget
Si. in. .l ami |-:mkl gilt»A
' h.\> I.KAM'UO AM* IUYUAIIU* LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) '
i«n:«OA"| ~ ( 7:1»*
»:oo* j Jlelrose, Srmlnarj Park, 'r" ! x
l« : JJo* i Ht.lil.urK, Klmliursf, IIMS_
illsOOA San Lrandro, Soul li San 1 ? ! 1"} p
tl2! " 0M 1.e«n.1r0,f>t..,11110, %Xk\
iiiiorii ■ Lorenzo, Cherry ■ Mi4sp
4:«0p ' . 15:43p
BsOOp » nil 6:13p
3:3<»p I llaj -arils. s4 s p
7:<»)p | ' S:4!ip
«:«f»P ! • Rum throusli to Nile*. ,!! ! ™ P
«:«Op ! , From NUes 1O:.10p
H1I:Hp) ' t ' r '" u:S " cB ' (IIMOP
COAST lil\l>lON '.Nhiiom HaMge).
(Font of Market Street.* _^___
{7:43 a Sai t.i ii.i Kzcunion, Santa Crnz
at.d Principal Way Stations JBiOsp
*: 1 5 A Newark, Uenterrille. S*n Jose.Felton,
ik>uidei Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
bUtiona 3:30p
*2:13p Newark, Certerville, Sin Jose. New
Almadon, Ft-lton, Uoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
*, - Stations •1O:3Oa
4:13p Ran .June aril Glen wood • 9:20 a
a4:l3p 8.M"i.1«-r Creek »nil 8»rt» Cruz jl»:a»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/remSlS riUSClSCi)— foot of Kirltet Street i Slip 8)—
•7:15 'J:iO U:0(U.ll. 11:00 *2:33 $3:09
•4:03 t5:30 «6:03>-.-.
from OHlU S3— foot «r Broad w«T.—-t*:C3 8:00 10:001.-.
t!2:C3 '1:00 t2:S3 ;3:C3; 3:C3 t1:33 '8:03 P.M.
COAST lUVIMO> illroail (lauge). O
(Thin! and Townseml St.)
•7:00 Sun .lone ami Way Stiitlim.i (New
A!ni»d>-i WVditesdarsonly) I:30p
J7:3oa Suuday BfCUm on for San Joe*.
Hut* Crux, l'.cific GroTe . and
Triucpitl W«y stntiuns J»:33p
9:0Ov Hkii .1.*.-, iin linua. HuU Cm/.,
I'acllle Urino. !•»•>.. i:.,i.lt-». San
1. 1, (>l.is|.... Guadaluiie, surf an. l
' l'iiucl|vul Way si.ii.i..n» 4:lOr
lll:ll>» .San Jean mid Way SbOliHia •»:OOa
II:3Oa BaaJ'«a ami \Y*»y .Statiuns »»:35a
*-:43rSan Ma ten, Uedwood, U«nla Park.
.SauU Clara, Sau .liw«, Gilroy.
Kiillister. SmiU >', -.,,., Si'lina*.
Htmtero] and l"acilic(Jr<«-«, '10:35 a
■StS*p«a4iJi««.: " • ' -
i.ii,l \V»r nUUnm # «:O«A
• 111 3 1- San .Tone an.i I'rincipal Way Stations 9:45 a
*3:ottr Kan.Tna-and Principal W«y Station* 6:33 \
S:3or H«ii.li«t! ami Principal Way .Station* 3:.T'P
6:3«1r Bau Jus-' and VVayKtatbiu* 7:30p
111:45!' Smi .1,,, an.l Wh". Smli..ii3 ?:30p
A for M.-rnim;. I* for Afternoon.
* BnwtitTfi |.re.l. i Sundays only, < .Satin only
ft Mondar. Thursday ami s.«T.r.l*y nights only.
•J ThnrmUys. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
J Saturdays. j Sundays and Monday*
SAN FRANCISCO ant! NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry, Fo«t off Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.
' 12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at I:CS and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40.
S:CO, 6:25 p. m. aßeJlafl
; Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schpdule as above.
j Kan Francisco. Ort 2t' f an Fr » nci *»-
. Weei 1 Sun- ' n__t^2iin» Sun " 1 Wee
Day* flaya Dopt.ua. .on eayB nays.
s :3Ca.m. «:OUa-m.| 'Norato. 10:40 a.m. ! :40a.m.
8:30 p.m. Iy::io».in.1 y::i0».in. retalutna. ; 6:10 p.m. 10:C5.vitl
ti:;ip.m. s:l«Jp.rn. Santa Rosa. 7;3jp.m. »i:22p.in.
; aUa.m. P\iiton.
Windsor. 10:2&a.tn.
Eealdsba.-j,
Lytton.
Geyservttig, i
T:B3p.m. S:ooa.ni. Cloverdala 7:85 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
1 lUopland and I
7 IS -00a.m. 1 U-iah. i 7:35 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
; .aua-m.) ] lU:2Ja.m.
:3:00a.m. Guernerllla. 7:35 p.m.
8:80 p.m .! ! ; 6:23 p.m.
:'. JUa.m.|j:uua.m. f Sonoma ;lU:4Ua.m.< b:4Ua.m.
and
t :10p.m. :00p.m. ' Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:Soa.m.]B:Ooa.m.) cpK.,^,,.! jlO:«Oa.m.llO:2sii.m
3:3op.ni.[s:UUp.m.| Da * tOPoL [ 7:30 p.m. | 7:23p.01
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
I Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
'. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
! I,akeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
; Laurel Dell Lake, : Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
! Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"s, Buck-
| nells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonvllle.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
| Brag?. Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
i duced rates.
■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building.
A. W. FOSTER. • R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A»rt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From September 10. 1897, trains will ran as
I follows: ■
From September 10, ISS7. trains will run as
! follows: •
Southbound. | Northbound.
i Passen- I Mixed . Mixed j Passen-
ger ] Sunday Stations Sunday eer
Dally Excepted' Excepted Dally
, . I ' j
j 7 -20 a.m. 9:00 a.m.. m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. | 6:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
i 1040 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno I 9:30 a.m. 2:20 o.m.
11:40 a.m. i>:2o p.m. Hanford ■•:-!". a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:4sp.m.|'Visalia 1 6:40 a.m. ,12:40p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired. . .
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
! C. N. & I- Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6: p. m. .daily: at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle, etc.
', also with stage for Hornitos. Mariposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via iausalilu ferry.) ;
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13. IJ87: ■
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays — 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, jl.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, ' 621 Market
) street. San Francisco.
1314
ONLY PRAISE FOR
THE PRESIDENT
How McKinley Is Regarded by
the British Public in
General.
Hugh D. Craig Tells of His Impres
sions While In Europe
Recently.
Hugh D. Craig, president of the Cham
ber of Commerce, has just returned from
an extended trip through Europe. Ac
cording to his story, he has sipped the
finest wines of European cellars, tasted
the choicest fruits of ;ill sections, but
still he is very glad to get back to his
own State, and his praises are louder
than ever for California and her prod
ucts. Upon being asked what most at
tracted his attention while abroad Mr.
Craig answered without hesitation: "The
undisguised admiration of the people of
England for our President, McKinley.
The British nation to an individual is
with us in this trouble wiih Spain, and
for President McKinley every one speaks
In the highest praise for his marvelous
statesmanship. Not one word of criticism
did I hear of the manner in which he has
conducted the affairs of state.
••I am satisfied that when the present
condition of affairs is fully understood
by the American people the President's
wisdom will be appreciated, as the Eng
lishmen now appreciate it. and the result
of this mutual understanding will surely
draw the two great nations, the Ameri
can and the British, together in one com
mon brotherhood, a condition that those
of the British Isles are. so desirous of
realizing. While in continental Europe 1
met many statesmen ami people of note,
and 1 did not hear one. even of those
races that we are inclined to regard with
suspicion, who had an adverse comment
to make upon the course oi our Presi
dent.* His straightforward and manly
course so impressed me that I wish to
have it Impressed upon the public. While
in Washington 1 had the pleasure of
meeting Mr. McKinley through Senator
Perkins. That was in the last week In
February, and then he promised to come
to California, business permitting. *'-';<•
then this trouble has arisen, and if it
continues very long he is not likely to
pay the promised visit. His intentions
were to come at the timo that Secretary
Wilson of the Department of Agriculture
makes his trip •■> this coast.
•While in Europe there was one thing
that attracted my attention, and that
was the- high standing of California
fruits, fresh and dried, in their markets.
I was surprised at the general demand,
and I am sure that if some good respon
sible jobber would make his headquarters
in London or Liverpool and deal in the
best fresh, dried and cann\d goods from
this State he would create even a gi
demand. They have the money there and
they are not afraid to upend it for what
Is good. Why. in the best hotels nf
Europe Lney are buying the best apples,
walnuts and almonds that the productive
district of northern Italy and southern
France produces; yet we would not dare
to send the stuff on to the market, as it
would he called •culls" of the crop. It
was not until I got on one of the Atlantic
Ftr-amers that 1 was able to get a.n
orange that was fit to eat. A Riverside
navel was placed on the table of the
steamer Majestic, and it was with pride
that I galled attention of the other pas
sengers to the fact that the fruit came
from my State."
Judging from Mr. Craig's expressions
he had a royal time and was well re
warded for his trip across the water. He
first went to Mexico, where he was inter
ested in grazing lands, and it was in the
interests of this project that he continued
"his journey on to Europe.
REBUILDING THE
SAN MATEO ROAD
Improving San Francisco's
First Electric Street
Railroad.
The Company Has Ordered a Supply
of New Cars From Carter
Brothers.
The San Mntco and San Francisco Elec
tric Railroad Company is just now en
gaged in rebuilding its lino from Thir
tieth street to Holy < 'ross. That portion
from the ferry to Thirtieth Btreet has
been finished with the very best material
to be found. The rails are the heaviest
ever put down on any street railroad in
the United States, a fifty pound rail hav
ing been substituted fur the original light
one formerly laid by the company that
built the road eight years ago. In ad
dition to this the entire roadbed has been
relald and paved with bitumen and basalt
blocks, according to the kind of pave
ments laid on the streets over which the
road runs. This rule has been adhered to
all along the line, and as a result the San
M.it .-I and San Francisco Railroad Com
pany has been the means of improving
th'- streets over which its cars are run-
A double track will be laid from Thir
tieth street to Holy Cross, thus doing
away with th" vexatious delays in wait-
Ing for cars to pass on the turnouts. A
similar double track is being laid on
Eighteenth street, from its Intersection
With Guerrero street to the Golden Gate
Pcirk
That portion of the line from Guerrero
to Diamond street is now undergoing a
transformation similar to that along the
main line from the ferries to Thirtieth
street. From Diamond street to the park
the road has already been put into Mrst
class condition. It will take about three
months to make the contemplated im
provements on the two arms of the road,
after which tin San Nfateo road will be
one of the b°st in the city.
The management of this road, recogniz
ing the increased patronage, together
with the Increase of residents who have
lately bought homes In the outside dis
tricts, has given an order to Carter Bros,
at Newark tor an additional supply of
cars. These will be put on the line just
aa soon as finished, doing away with the
smaller cars which were n<<-d when the
road was first built and which have been
found Inadequate to meet the require
ments of the traveling public.
To give an Idea of the amouni of money
expended in the reconstruction < N f this
I :t ir safe to say that SW.iKHi has been
spent on the rebuilding of the road from
the ferries to Thirtieth strvi't. and it will
require as much to improve the two ad
ditional extensions now undergoing recon
struction. All this money has been spent
for material and labor in this city.
GRAND LODGE ADJOURNED.
Knights and Ljidies of Honor Meet
and Elect Officers.
The annual Bession of the Grand Lodge
of the Knights a:i<? Ladies of Honor was
concluded yesterday afternoon, after a
duration of two days.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year resulted as follows: Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock of Aurora Lodg>- No. li"2. San
Francisco, elected grand protector by a
unanimous vote: Silas Orr of Equity
Lodge No. 1219. Sacramrnt". grand vlce
protoctor; H. W. QultiOW of Hay City
Lodgp Xo. fiin, San Francisco, grand sec
retary: Z. T. Whittrn of West End bodge
No. 1102, San Francisco, grand treasurer;
Mrs. S. Krueger, Golden ituie No. 6fiO, San
Francisco, grand chaplain: Mrs. Oppen
helmer, Martha No. 241, San Francisco,
grand guide; Mrs. Emily Colombet, Ferba
Buena No. 1665, San Jose, grand guard
ian; Mrs. Ida Kidder. EJaulty No. 1219,
Sacramento, grand sentinel; grand trus
tees—J. A. Colquboun, Oakland No. ;W5,
Oakland; A. GompertS, Martha No. 241,
San Francisco: Miss E. T. Parker, Star
No. 861. Sonora. The tellers appointed
were Mr. Frk'dlander and Mr. Kemp
Van Ee.
A motion was made and carried con
ferring the degree of past grand protector
upon Mary A. McDonald of Yeroa Huena
I,'odgo No* 1656, San .Jose. The rier capita
tax for the ensuing year was fixed at |
$1 50, payable semi-annually. The salary
of the grand secretary was placed at $25
a month: the contingent fee of grand pro
tector at $200; the bond of the grand
treasurer at $2000.
Past Grand President T. H. Berkey, on
behalf of members of the Grand Lodge,
presented a silver service to the retiring
grand protector, Mrs. Belle W. v_onrad.
A propagating committee was next ap
pointed, consisting of the following mem
bers: Z. T. Whitten, L. J. Wheelock, J.
H. Colrjuhoun, Mr. Hall and Mrs. A.
Graff.
The grand officers were Installed by
Past Grand Protector H. K. Cummings,
after which the meeting was adjourned
sine die.
Advances made on furniture ■ -d pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs T L Blumann, Or Miss F G Strong, Ind
E X Mohler, Ohio D E Richardson. 11l
M Pell, New V>rk U A Dobbin. Chicago
E H A Curria, N V J H Hitchcock. Los An
H M LoUdborger, Cal F Trager, New York
W I. Tucker, Alameda Dr F H Jenks. Boston
C W Randall. Alameda |E Barker, I' S N
J A Peck, 9t Louis Q A Mayland. N V
X G Beebe, Conn It Belcher & w, Cal
Mrs R G Beebe. Conn Mrs H E Sherwood, Cal
Miss M B Beebe, Conn iG Bray, yal
l; L Lie. New York IK Menzel, Cal
(Ira R L' Lee X V I V Hausen, Cal
J A Montgomery. Ore C It Tin. burn, N V
L T Wright, Keswlck E A Donaldson. 11l
• \V Fielding, Keswlck C C Boylan. Ohio
F Cardere. Tacoma A D Graham, Detroit
M*-s Cardere Tacoma T F Meagher, 111
H B Maxson, O S Sur .1 Ritchie. Chicago
\V E Guthrie, Omaha Miss G Golding, Londn
P M I-#e. Reno IP L Pratt. USA
Mrs F M Lee, Reno N Stevens, N V
A R Bingham, Pa M E Urner. N V
Mrs J S McDonald, 111 |W" Robinson, Cal
F A Crapo, X V C A Hoyt & w. X V
J Strong. Indiana Mrs D C Bl.\fr, X V
Mrs ,T Strong. Indiana | X N "sJa3oa AY £
Miss II D BlaJte. Ind i
GRAXD HOTEL.
G M Robison & w, Cal Dr A Herrmann, Ind
C E Jansen, Eureka J C Clark & w, Cal
J B Tllley. Arcata E Cummlngs, w & d,
J W Monroe, Fortuna Boston
J C Mahan. Eureka J A Wetmore, San Jos
W S Hirkman, Cal C P Schuster & w, Cal
M D Linerger, Auburn A. C Wiggins. Los Ang
W W Williams, Septn A Bruger, Arroyo Gr
J R Garret t. Willows I Benchmohl, Cal
G H Salisbury. Cal J Ross. Sutter Creek
Dr C C Perkins. Cal T E Bush. St Paul
H Burton. San Jose Mrs W Holzberger, Ky
W S I levins. Panoche P Johnson. Angels
CD Graham. Stockton Mrs J A Xorden. Cal
J Gray & w, Stockton W H Fletcher, Concrd
6 E Button, Stockton A J Davis, Colusa
J Bird. Merced T Scott, Sacto
J D Goldsmith. Cal J M Stovell &w, Cal
J Waters & w. Cal J A Cunningham, Sac
H W Monnaster. Or A W Mannheim, Cal
!>r c Postens, Oxnard M" Michael, Woodland
G H Dalian, San Dies O E Williams, Cklah
C H Jacobs & w. rtah J O Jury. San Jose
E J Couper & w, Minn H Mrfowan, Uklah
Mrs O Runyon. Sacto Mrs T A Sloan, Cal
Miss' Kennedy, Cal J P Xeuman. X V
J G Sorgen & w. 11l J J Hebbron. Salinas
XEW WESTERX HOTEL.
Miss R <"urra.n. Sacto J R Lyons, Suisun
Mrs F Haney. Antioch C Clarke, Oakdale
J I. Evans. Rncir.e \' H Graves, Stockton
G W Condon & w, Cal 'J C Graves. Stockton
W M Adams, Bollnas Q A Stevenson. Stocktn
J Mulroy, Los Gatos C E White. Stockton
J Lorrell, San Jose Miss L Blanche rd, Cal
J Paulsen, Sonars C R Palmer. Phila
B Folsom, San Mnteo H J Muzen. Melbourne
M Peterson, Valley Spg F Laughlln & w. 111
C Smith. San Jaclnto
BALDWIN HOTEL.'
H S Shields. NY E J Dungan, X V
L Harmlveer. X V H Badger & w. Oakld
\ 111 1 Graham, Detroit \Y II Crow, Auburn
J H Ree<=, Memphis J H Staler, X V
E S Biden. Chicago S W Barker. lowa
3 Dipss & w. Woodld S Malloy, Chteaeo
T Dorwln, Chicago IJ Fitzpatriok, Joliet
C A Culp <£■ w, cal T Waason, X V
A Catrin & w, S Jose J Gardiner, N V
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlsht lr the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open untiL9:3O o'clock.
61") Larkln street; open v "1 9:9 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixt.cnth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh st-eet: open until 9 o'rloek.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
X. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandeiy No. 16, «*_&-«•
K. T. Golden Gate building. 625 Sut- Iffr .
ter st.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- [Ml
ING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of s^ f
the Red Cross will be conferred before the
Grand Commandery of California. All fra-
ters are courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com. I
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. •_
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. &A. M.. ■ .
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-,**
ING. April 21. at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- IELjC
ond degree. By order of the Master. ' y 2
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Ix>dge No. 216, F. & A. M.. ft C
121 Eddy St.— Called meeting THlS_s\_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 J&jK "
o'clock. Third degree. All Master /^N
Masons are Invited. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. & A. « <
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY _J\_
(THURSDAY), April 21, ISM, at I^3f
o'clock p. m. In Masonic Temple, for'^r A
the funeral of our deceased brother, KARL .
SCHULZ, member of St. John's Lodge zum j
Vereln der Menschenf reunde at Trier, Ger-
many. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
___ _— , .
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, ■
F. & A. M.. meets THIS EVENING _*V_
at 7:30 o'clock. Second degree. By jksc'
order of the Master. f^w^
' " E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No~SO~Tfifty j
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Mon- '
day. .\! i -• 2, ISMS. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, April 20, 1S9 1 ?. at o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance ;
Company, San Francisco. April 1. 1898— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
the company held this day a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April 20, 1898.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Sec.
.SPECIAL. NOTICES.
SAN FRANCIBCO, April IK" TsiS^Note' ""of
Thanks— l take this way to show how thank-
ful I am to DR. DE CHANTREAU for the
skill and care he used In curing me of a
very severe illness. 1 would also like the j
people of San Francisco to know how. kind- I
ly I was treated and the particular way In
which the French hospital is conducted. The
service Is of the very best, and everything
is so very neat and clean and each one re-
ceives such devoted attention.
DIAMOND J. MIT'S (Greek.)
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-or ns and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to Ai ril 1, 1898: Adah Lois
Madelien, age 8 years: Mary Josephine \
t> .N<-iil, age 3 years 1 • "th; Ida Brown, age j
9 years 8 months: Fannie Lowans, age 9 ;
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months;
Millicent Huntington, age 4 years.
AMERICAN Battalion; independent . military
organization. For membership apply at head-
quarters, 027 Market St.. room 609. GEO. W. !
J )HNSON, acting major.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
m'assnge; assistants. 9'J5 Market, near Sixth,
room 14
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; '
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ANNA. RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 10. 211 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 2"4 Sutter st. ; 2d floor.
FOR adoption, healthy baby boy of 10 months.
Address 33C0, Call office.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths 120 Vi Geary st., room 11.
UOOM3 papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
Thirc. St. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room iO, second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kcarny st., room 2. -
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
bath«. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cablet baths. 116 Taylor st. ■ ■•..■■■■• -
SITUATION'S WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish Infant's nurse desires
■ situation; 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutler st. .
REFINED woman, with a child, desires situa-
tion; good cook and housework: best refer-
ences; country. ■-, MISS CULLEN, ■ 325 Sutter.
REFINED French nurse and second girl ': de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT French cook desires situation;
best city references. ■ MISS CULLEN, • 325
Sutter Et. ' ;
NEAT young girl desires situation: $10 to {15:
rel. ; nurse -or housework. MISS CULLEN.
. 325 Sutter st. ' ?■-',? ■- ', '- : ." .'■ ■-:?>'
:-'-.-. --.-■«. ■---... •: ' v. ■,•■"-.'•-■■■.. - ; , . ;*■.,.-..--■-
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
SITUATIONS WASTED— Continued.
CO., 31S Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook and laundress;
$20- city or country; best references. Swedish
and German Employment Bureau, MRS.
NORTON, :123 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LUinERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, a
number of first-class girls await positions.
GlRLS— Situation* secured free until r> p. m.,
April 2C; housework. Mrs. Borman, 927 Market.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
housekeeper; Is a good seamstress; will care
for invalid; no oMeotion to children. 6 Thir-
teenth St., near Harrison.
yoi'XG German woman would like situation
to do general housework ; small wages and
privilege to take baby along; city or coun-
try- From 12 till E o'clock S2S Geary st.
EASTERN widow (elderly) desires position on
ranch, cooking for few men or In small fam-
ily in city; good c'ty reference; wages $12 a
month. 268 Stevenson st., below Fourth.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; wages $15. 230 Minna st., nr. Third.
LADY wishes situation as companion or_to as-
sist in family for good home; references ex-
chp.ngcvl; French, German and music. Box
1774. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do cooking
and housework. 802 Larkin St.. cor. O'Farrell.
SWEDISH girl wants position as waitress or
to do second work and waiting; best of city
references. 1013H Larkin St., near Sutter.
AN experienced nurse, confinement or Invalids,
desires engagements; best references: terms
reasonable. Address Nurse, 127 Seventh st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework; Is good plain cook; wages
f2O. A. G., 124S Howard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing.
Ironing or housecleaning; $1 a day. 606
Fourth St., near Bryant.
PROFESSIONAL pianist and vocalist wants
engagement; will leave city. Address Pianist,
-;4 Mission st.
WANTED— Position as typewriter by young
woman; fairly rapid. Apply 959 Howard St.,
room 9.
YOUNG girl wants to care for 1 or 2 children
or do light housework. Call 10 Thirteenth st.
2 GOOD girls want any kind of honorable
work. USA Fourth st., room 28.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation housework
and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis st.
GERMAN woman wants place to cook on a
ranch. Address 961 Miosldfc St.; room 26.
JTOUNG woman wishes housecleaning by the
day or week. Call at 1030 Howard st.
WANTED — A position - good, competent girl
for housework a.. A cooking; wages from $20
to $25. Call at 647 Bay St., nr. Leavenworth.
RELIABLE young girl wishes steady position;
light housework: small family; no children;
WMM $12. Write H., n Howard st.
LADIES, get your pretty lawn waist washed
without fading by experienced laundress.
13174 Mission st.
BIRL wishes to do light housework. Call or
address 4«ii Eighth st.
WOMAN to do washing: or housecleaning by
the day. Call or address Washwoman. 1630
Mission st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Orant ay.
GKI'.MAN girl wishes to do general house-
work. 148 Sheridan St., between Harrison
and Folsom.
JAPANESE girl wants a position at house-
work or nurse in this city. RIN, 523 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted by English woman as
house and parlor maid; good references. A.
EL, 1726 Eighteenth aye., South San Fran-
cisco.
COMPETENT girl wishes position at general
housework; light washing; wages $25. 1205
Laguna st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from the East will
few in families: $2 50 per day. 231 Clement
St.. telephone 17S1 Steiner.
WANTED — Washing, Ironing or houso-clean-
ing by the day; good reference. MRS. M. E.
JENSEN. 15 Minna st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady of 10
years' experience; good references. Address
8., box 1, Call office. Oakland.
RESPECTABLE educated woman wishes to so
to Alaska with reliable party as cook, wait-
ress or housekeeper; capable and trustful: Al
references; strictly business. Box 3359, Call.
WANTED— Any kind of sowing: family mend-
ing; children's work: terms reasonable. Ad-
dress Seamstress. 405 Turk st. ■■ ■
WANTED— Position as governess or lady's
companion by a well educated woman; music,
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3255. Call office.
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ade and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 6-- Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- at.
GARDENER, first-class, wants situation; un-
derstands care of horses and can milk cow;
look more for good home than high wages;
good references. Address O. P., box 1772, Call.
PHYSICIAN, graduate, stranger, would like
position as nurse In hospital or private pa-
tient; references given. Addr. box 1776, Call.
CHINESE boy, good laundry worker, , wants a
situation in private family; city or country;
good reference. Address 713 Pacific st. ; Wood
Yard Co.
A CUTTER and tailor with long experience
desires situation; can furnish references; will
also work on bench. Address box 1801, Call.
MAN and wife (Swedish), 2-year-old child,
would take work of any kind; city or coun-
try; accept small wages. Box illi. Call oltlce.
COACHMAN, experienced, competent, wishes
employment; good gardener and milker; city
references. Address box ISOO, Call office.
STEADY sober experienced young man wants
work as gardener or useful man in private
family. Address box 1777. Call Office.
SITUATION -wanted, by a young man at gen-
eral work; also handy with tools; objects to
horses.' Address J. BULKY, room 37, Oak-
land House, 664V4 Howard st.
COACHMAN and gardener by young Dane; un-
derstands care of horses; can milk, run gaso-
line engine; sober and industrious; 4 ■ years'
reference from last place. A. J., 434 Jessie.
WANTED— By steady, reliable man, work- in
butcher shop, grocery or vegetable store; un-
derstands care of horses. Address 20 Ritch
St., near Folsom. *
ELDERLY man wishes situation; private fam-
ily; care of horses and garden; handy with
tools: in or outside work. Add. 1200 Larkln.
BY young married man, Job as engineer or fire-
man; 6 years' experience; understands care of
dynamo. Box 3171, Call office. '
SECOND hand and bread, cake, can work as
foreman, wishes situation In city or country.
Address 716 Howard St., room 48.
COOK, good on pastry, desires position; bach-
elors or small boarding house; wages moder-
ate. H. ANDERSON, 1312 Green st.
FINE Japanese cook who is skillful for pastry
and meat; in country family or ranch.
Address SEN TAX, 431 Stevenson st. -
PIANO player or barkeeper would like work
in the country. L. SLATER,^ 797 Mission st.
TO Architects — Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent; 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a boy of 13 to do.any-
thing. : Address ISVi Geneva st.
COOK— Middle-aged man with some experience
as baker wishes to learn to cook. Box 3350,
Call office. ,
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman,\ wants a
situation In private family in city or coun-
try. T. MI\vIA, 521 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
■ moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter for hotel,
hospital, etc.; Is handy wfth all kinds of
tools. CHARLES GLUCKLICH, BSO Natoma.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook: man good teamster," farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
YOUNG . man wishes employment in sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. . Address box:32So, Call office. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 10 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $1
week; convenient- -nd respectable: fre« - 'bus
and baggage to and from fer y. - .
615 LARKlN— Brnnch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
CHAMBKXtMAXD and do waiting, plain hotel,
short distance country. ; $20; woman' with
child, ranch. '. $20; woman to - wash dishes,
city. $15; ranch cooks, $15 and $20. < MURRAY
,■ & READY, 634 Clay st.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
- learning. 291 Natoma St., . near Fourth.
.■■■.- ■•-■ ...■.-...'■• - ■-."_.'-• ■-■,■■-.... .\ - -
HELP \VAX r .J!D- Continued.
4 WAITRESSES, $20, Santa Cruz for the Ist,
call at once and engage; 2 waitresses for
springs, call early, $20; 2 waitresses, Visalia,
$20, fare advanced; waitress, San Jose, $25; 2
waitresses, city, $20- chambermaid to wait,
$20; Scandinavian chambermaid, $20; hotel
cook, $25, call early; restaurant waitress, $6;
2 restaurant waitresses, $5. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, nice summer resort. $18,
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FANCY ironer, $9 week, French laundry. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A NUMBER of first-class houscglrls for city
and country places. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
NEAT girl to assist waiting and help do plain
sewing, small hotel, $15; 25 Swedish and Ger-
man girls for housework, $20 to $25; 10 young
girls to assist, $10 to $15, and a number of
girls of all nationalities for city and country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SCANDINAVIAN or German chambermaid, ho-
tel, $20. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
IRISH houseglrl, 2 In family. $26; 3 Irish girls
at $2(1 each. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl,~no cooking, $12 to $15;
German nursegirl. $15. MRS. NORTON, 323
Suttrr st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $25; 3 second girls, $15
and $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Suiter st.
HOUSEGIRL. Email ranch, $20, near San Ra-
fael; housegirl. Alameda, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSE WORK7~NIIes. $20: St. Helena. $20: 15
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25: S young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, light work, $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, Mexico, $15". MISS CULLEN. 32:. Put-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $10. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
REFINED younit girl as nurse, $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper one child no objec-
tlon. $10. MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter Bt.
COOK, $35: laundress, $25; second girl. $25.
country; French maid, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK, no wash, American family, $30; 2 Scan-
dinavian and French second girls, $20; 4
cooks, German style, $25 and $30; dressmaker,
$25; German nurse, $20; pastry cook, $35: 4
waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $18. $20, $5
and $6 week, and girls for cooking and house-
work In city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 3in Butter Bt
4 GERMAN second girlsT^O and 115. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
10 HOUSE WORKgh-lB: $25 and $15. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
SALESLADY, children's underwear depart-
ment; cloak and suit saleslady; cloak figure.
313 Bush st.
LADY bookkeeper, new corporation; lady man-
ageress; lady instructed in new business
that will pay $60; Investigate. 313 Bush st. j
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition: ref- :
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
LADY bookkeeper; dentist. Ladies' Exchange,
New management. Sl3 Bush st.
SALESLADIES, copyists, clerks find pleasant
and agreeable matrons. Commercial Depart-
! ment. 313 Bush Ft.
BUSINESS Mill elimbinrr up; the greatest
week on record. Exchange. 313 Bush st.
HEADQUARTERS for select applicants seek-
ing positions with business houses. 313 Bush.
SECOND girls; chambermaids; waitresses;
pantry and storeroom girls; good wages. I
1023 Market st.
i 20 GIRLS, new places, good wages, at Ladies'
Exchange, 1023 Market st.
GIRLS to learn hoirdressing. hairwork, mart-
cure and elfctric facial treatment. MME.
DELLA FAUST, 9Vi Stockton St.. S. F.
GIRL wanted to assist in lisht work;
good home; 2 in family. Call 919 Jessie St..
off Tenth.
WANTED— Young girl assist In houseworK, 2
in family; wages $10. Box 1739. Call office.
GIRL to do general housework In Tehachapi; 3
in family. Apply at SIS Hayes St., city.
WANTED ' ;■- i-t for cooking anl housework.
60) Oak st
GOOD improver at dressmaking wanted. Ap-
ply C Eddy st., room 52.
SMART girls to L-arn tailoring: pay while
learning. 2»1 Natoma st.. n^ar Fourth.
$10; country. Address box 1775. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of baby.
• ISO7A Eddy. St.. near Scott. -- s • ■'"**.:. i.
YOUNG girl to assist in small family, $15. 417
Powell st. ;-..--«.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. 517 Natoma st. .
WA-. TED— to assist with housework and
children. 1027 McAllister st.
GIRL for light housework. 1330 A Hayes st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted. Model Restaurant,
763 Market st. '
COMPETENT young girl; general housework
and cooking; references required. Call at
1514 O'Farrell st. from 10 a. m. to 12 m.only.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants; steady
work; good wages. 3114 Flllmore St.
GIRL for general housework; Jl5; 4 In fam-
ily; references. 2505 Mission st.
APPRENTICE girl on ladies' trilorlng; pay
while learning. 319 Geary st,
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted; steady work.
2S'j Fifth st. ■ .
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 1"« Grant ay.
WANTED— Protestant girl, with ref-
erences: care of children and upstairs work.
2201 Broderlck St., corner Washington.
GIRL, speaks German, for housework: small
family; no children; wages $12. 1432 O'Far-
rell st.
CANVASSERS wanted, salary and commission.
Call 10 to 12. room 324, 806 Market st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted on paper boxes;
also apprentices. 520 Market St., top floor.
YOUNG irirl wanted for general housework;
need not cook. 1831 Eddy st.
WANTED— Good reliable girl for plain cooking
and housework. Call at 3953 Twenty-fifth st.,
opp. Vlcksbure. •
GOOD girl for cigar store. 25 East St., near
Clay. . ' .
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. lv 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
COLORED girl for general housework. 2336
Pine st. - .
FINISHER on pants; steady work. . 275 Jessie
street. ■ '■
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
_ 731 Green st. '
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:33
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. *-— - • \
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
St.: monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking nnd millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The •-.«.
Want ads nnd subscriptions taken I___1 ___
HELP WANTED— MALI..
A VENT-STOPPER for a meat factory. $2 to
$2 25 day. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
YES~ TO-DAY ■ WE WANT
9 waiters ■ 6 co . ok , s
6 dishwashers — — — —dry goods clerk
grocery clerk — - - bakers
harness maker machine blacksmith
blacksmith for a camp- — — machinist
farmer and wife — — 3. milker?
10 farm hands — 3 butter makers
typewriter and stenographer— — :
; 10 scraper teamsters
365 tie-makers— - : —20 wood-choppers
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
TO WAR— —-TO WAR TO WAR
Employers of help — — 7"
As thousands will shortly be leaving theli
present positions ,to fight for our common
country, their places must be filled. MUR-
RAY & READY are the employment agentf
ready at all times "to supply you with first-
class help free of charge; remember that dur-
ing the year 1897 we sent (17.000) seventeer
thousand men to different positions In Cali-
fornia. MURRAY & REAJY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, ' 634 and ! 636 Clay st. : . tel
; Main 5848. ' -.'.. ■■ :■■ ' '
Scandinavian or German coachman,
,535; tinsmith, 52 50 day;. 5 machinists, $3 tr
$4; 6 , miners, $2 50 clay and $50 and board
Swiss milker, $20; farmer, $20: choreman,
$20; 20 laborers, $1 75 day:; 2 woodchoppers;
10 tiemakers. : 10c and He; and others. Applj
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, private boarding-house,"- $3O
second cook, country hotel, }30: head waiter
$35; night ■ cook; baker's helper: restaurant
waiter, country. $35. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St..
WANTED— Experienced man *o work sulphur
et ■ ores yby = cyanide process. -r- Apply -to J
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. • y
COLORED head waiter and 10 colored waiters
'-country hotel; hotel porter, $20. ■ HOTEL GA
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
SECOND cook, restaurant, $50; cook and wife,
chambermaid, country hotel, $60; cook. $30;
dishwasher, $15, same place; 3 cooks, $9 and
$7 a week; baker's helper, $20; German dish- j
washer, $18; cook, small hotel, near city, $35; I
2 waiters, country hotel, $30; waiter, instl-
tution, $25; hotel, near city, $25; waiter, city, !
$35; porter, summer resort, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STEWARD and wine man for a small coun-
try club, $30; also a waiter, $25. C. R. HAN-
_SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
50 SCANDINAVIAN teamsters and laborers for
railroad work; regular wages. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 WOODCHOPPERs! $1 25 a cord, grub ad-
vanced; 15 tiemakers, 10c, tools advanced;
ranch hand, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
NEAT young man fflrst-class barkeeper) for i
summer hotel: $50 and found. C. R. HAN- !
SL., & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Washer, French laundry. $30; shirt j
lroncr, $40; waiter for small restaurant, $25; |
vegetablemnn and porter, $25; cook private
boarding-house, $30; apprentice in a laundry,
etc. ANDRE'S 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Machinist, country shop, steady
job, $3 per day; blacksmith for camp, $26 per
month and board; farmers, milkers, cooks; 3
waiters, countr •• hotels, fare advanced and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
YOUNG man as assistant secretary to new cor-
poration; cash bond required, with satisfac-
tory references. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and correspondent, $20 per
week at commencement; quick advancement;
new corporation business. 313 Bush St.
CROCKERY rtore clerk; retail shoe clerk; tea,
coffee and spice traveler. 313 Bush st.
OYSTER opener; lunch counter clerk; tinner;
brass spinners; waiters; cooks. 313 Bush st.
185 MEMBERS give written indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st.
109 MEMBERS Clerks' Exchange at work; lu-
crative commercial positions, gave written
indorsement to-day: all may investigate. 313
Bush st.
680 ORDERS male department; 450 male mem-
bers Clerks' Exchange. 313 Bush st.
"BEST"— Day's record to-day. Clerks' Ex-
change. 313 Bush St.
MAN and wife, country, as choreman and
cook; wages $40. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
WANTED — Ship carpenters, calkers and water
tenders; must be competent and willing to
go to Alaska at once; references required.
Apply THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COM-
PANY, 139 p ost st .
TAlLORS— Coatmaker wanted for outside;
first-class only. 428 Montgomery st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Good coatmaker at 520 Kearny st.
PRESSER on custom coats at 1044 Howard st.
LUNCH cok wanted at 643 Clay St.; $25; 8
o'clock.
L. C. C— Letter at general P. O. ; write me
at once. M. A. C.
WAITER wanted in restaurant; wages $25. 104
Seventh &t.
WANTED— A first-class second cook. 13-15
Stockton st.
AN apprentice for blacksmith shop; with some
experience preferred. 1013 Harrison st.
COOK wanted. 432 Fifth st.
WANTED— PreBser on ladies' tailoring that
understands hand sewing. 16 Turk st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 113 Turk Bt.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted at 234 East St.,
H..,:th ■■: M::rk-t.
PRESSMAN on pants. 102 Minna St.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesln, Alameda County. 45 miles from San
Francisco: steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA.
COAL CO., room 515. 328 Montgomery, S. F.
MONEY leaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; lo". int.TPSt. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SALESMAN wanted for cloaks and suits: city
references. Apply E. MESSAGER, 145 Post.
BLACKSMITH for Alaska; $50 month; long
Job. Apply at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade and a boot-
blaclt. 1.-42 Market st.
$15<v-BARBER shop; 2 chairs; paying; rent $12;
bargain. Apply Call office.
WANTED— men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c or $75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 102 7th; tel. South 625.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen at LANE'S, 504
Davis st., near Jackson.
V.'ANTED — Young man who has had some ex-
perience in shirt cutting. EAGLESON & CO.,
535 Market . St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of cood character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, r.eno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — An experienced city salesman.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO., 331 Ellis St.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House,- 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 2T>c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, We and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
. clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED. ,
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book. "Our Country In War"; all about Cuba,
• Spain, Maine disaster, armies, navies and
coast defenses of United States, Spain and
all nations; over 500 pages, magnificently
Illustrated: one nsent sold S9 ■In one day,
others making $39 per day; most liberal
terms guaranteed; 20 days credit; price low;
freight paid: handsome outfit free; send 12
2-cent stamps to ; pay postage. Educational
Union. 324 Dearborn St., •Chicago.
* FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prl<*.« to fill new building. S4O Mis-
sion tt. : tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA -Auction Co. Removed to 1) Mont-
gomery lit. : hiKh»«t prices paid. T»l. Davt« 71.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
; ENGINE and boiler for boat; length. 40 feet:
beam, 11 feet; depth, 5 feet; second-hand
; preferable: state price, etc Box 3310, Call.
I PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
; I hand. 109 Montgomery st.
1 PAWNBROKER— OId grid, silver. cast-off
: clothing bought. Add POLEMAN. 41 Third.
■'i ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
i MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
I elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
' I CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pi. . bers and
1 r od men at general work whj are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
! of their fare, via : St. Mlcni»l. Apply The
' Gold Star Co.. Mills building, San Fran.
i GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heagy woolen
, clothing. , L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
, OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
" CHEAPEST an.', best in America— The Weekly
i Call. Sent to any address In the United
; States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
I free. . .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
'. ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
' W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. :
' CHEAPEST and best In America— I'ne Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 to. postage
- ' - free. *■ • ■ ■ : - ' - -
TO LEASE.
• $100 PER year; chicken ranch;. house of 6 rooms
- .- and stable; 6 lots; .sheltered .snot. . J. F
PLL'MBE, 1402 Valencia st. <
' ■> / PERSONALS.
ERNST LIETZ will please meet me at the «
Russ House. " r M. LEITZ. j
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
NO- VINO. Dr. Terhune's infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless, Inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure: all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co.. Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mich. :
ELECTRIC lights and other alterations have
greatly improved my parlors; hair dressing.
25c; good switches, $1; best, finest quality, j
$3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays I
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. I
CHAS. CHESTER, the Stationer, formerly 019 |
Broadway, moved to 1155 Washington St.,
Oakland; new stock stationery. and notions.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant ay.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stimulates a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d St.. Oakland. Cal. t
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 room*.
25c to $150 per* night; $150 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. *
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. b°t 7th n->d <th.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies" French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while- entranced she !
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- !
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market Ft., opp. Sixth. j
MRS. EMILY MOORE, 1346 Market, rooms 1 j
and 2— The wonderful trance medium can be I
consulted on all the affairs of life; can read
your thoughts; tell just what you want to ;
know; removes evil influence: locates buried
treasures; if in bad luck she will change it j
for you; letters promptly answered; enclose
stamp. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card- j
reader; born double veil and second sight; :
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladies 50c. !
gents $1; palm, and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 12". Turk. j
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets; [
predicted "74" overdue str. 23". Sixth, rm. 6. j
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farretl st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 2.".c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L., 25c: G.. r.oc; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: buslnesj
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA .THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never fails: advice; lelp. 923 Post.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United j
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
SPIRITUALISM.
CIRCLE to-day: 2 o'clock; 112 1 . Oak; C.
Mayo Steers; readings $1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circla to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister; fine music.
CAL. Hall, Oakland, Clay and Eleventh. MME.
YOUNG'S meeting to-night; 10c; boy orator.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1; dr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m.; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
?32 Stockton st.: old No. 21S:
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
j M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght at.
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute. 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mr«. M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
E0 years', practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; ! no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 39
McAllister st.; pills. $2. j
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed j
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- I
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- ]
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
I A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used:
home in confinement: comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jont3.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 22C Turk st.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills j
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars. I
» "Relief for Ladles," letter by return mail; at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck'-s method, the celebrated French pny- ;
Flci.in: safe. sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities: any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home: best skill: low fees: pills. $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause
may be; treatment by mail, or call at Dr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $3
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never falls: consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
A. TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
PR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. : send
ie stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
- OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio. 71 Fourth st.— Ladles'
: re cure: any. all; cure at office, }.': pills. $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 3S years' experience. 234% Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
! HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
LODGING HOUSES FOU SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22&
Geary ct.
110 rooms; safe Investment; clears $250. ..54300
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ellis; new and g00d.... 325
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22V.- Geary.
$250— 2S ROOMS; transient; biggest snap ever
offered; clears $100; cheap at $1200; must be
sold to settle estate. KREDO & CO., 224
Geary st.
46 ROOMS; -sunny corner $1300
7-room flat; sunny corner ». 225
40- room house; clears $150; must sell ?3000
10-room house; new and good; Ellis st... 850
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
FOR fine garden loam Inquire at GEO. HAN-
ERKSEN, 510 Guerrero st., near Seventeenth.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncl- Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HURRY up, don't miss It: 26-room house on
Geary st.: $350 cash, balance time; price $650.
WINSTON & CO. are the agents, 646 Market.
. SIXTEEN rooms, nicely furnished; all rent-
ed ■ Al location; corner house; 2 entrances.
Apply at Call office.
$400— LODOING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, well fur-
. nlshed and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
FURNITURE FO.l SALE.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
f subscriptions and ads taken.
PHYSICIAN^. ;
C. C. O' DO. NELL, ofLce-and residence,
■ 1206 Market; disease* of women a specialty.
DU INESS CHAX i;*.
TIpARTNER wanted in the best paying res-
75 wr day- owner don't care w much (or
the money but wants an honest industrious
helpe" \VILKE, 753 Market_st.
a woo— CORNER saloon with 3 club rooms;
\nuTot Market St; rent $20: stock will value
south ot Mantel _l. lcllt '■: .-_. 70-> \rnrUf.t
the price; rare chance._\^lLKE._ 78. AlarKet.
"\ K'-cm— PARTNER w..nted in a 15-year es-
A !ablKm Jnufacturlng business; must te <
<■ fl—jt-rlacs mechanic or business man. owntr
guarantee- a net profit of $100 per month;
worth the money. Particulars, ILKE. /83
Market st.
$~650-c6rNER saloon, established .and kept by
owner 15 years; one block °™ c ron!
building; rent $35: great bargain, bee
WILKE, 783 Market st.
$4000— BAKERY and confectionery. connected
with hotel 30 rooms, dining-room, etc.. m
lively country town about 50 miles from c'ty.
3 wagons. 6 horses, 3 cows; rent $-0. lease,
first-class! paying business; buildings and
furniture new; sickness compels sale, parti-
culars of WILKE. 753 Market st. ___
CIGAR stand, close to Claus Spreckels build-
Ing; price $150; the best chance ever offered.
WILKE, "S3 Market st.
$650— PARTNER wanted in old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Call
building: the best offer for the right party,
clear profit of $150 per month guaranteed, £>ea
WILKE. 7S- Market st. [
PARTNER wanted in manufacturing busi-
ness; no previous experience;, must be sober,
steady man will easily clear from $15 to $25 .
per week; satisfactory proof urnlshed. Apply
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$75 ONLY— Branch bakery, cigars, notions, etc. ;
living-rooms; best part city; a snap if taken
up this day. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
CHANCE In a lifetime; $1400 will buy an oyste*
and chop house; vicinity Baldwin Hotel; best
known; oldest established and most popula*
concern of its kind; satisfactory reasons fo#
sale; must be taken at once. Apply M. LESS,
7ti3 Market st. . . _
PARTNER wanted in blacksmith shop:
building, horse and wagon included; receipts
$600 per month; ground rent $10; good, steady
man can clear $100 per month: references ex-
changed. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
CORNER grocery and bar, best part Mis-
sion; rent $23; more than full value in sight;
best class cash trade: must be seen to bo
appreciated; great bargain. M. LESS, 763
Market St. ______
$135— PAYING cigar, stationery, notions, 5 liv-
ing rooms: best part of Mission; Invoice value
$135; no sale if not as represented. M. LESS.
765 Market st.
CIGAR-STORE, north Market; living
rooms; rent only $35; present owner there 17
years: satisfactory reasons for sale; bargain.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— Candy-store and icecream parlor; 3 fur-
nished living-rooms; low rent; bona-flde bar-
gain: must be seen to be appreciated. Pacifio
Exchange, 995 Market st.
$300—25 minutes from San Francisco; a butcher
and poultry store, with 2 horses and 2 carts; a,
snap: steady trade. PACIFIC EXCHANGE.
995 Market st.
$200— GROCERY and bar: doing a good busi-
ness: good stock. PACIFIC EXCHANGE, 995
Market St.
FRUIT, vegetable, poultry and cigar
store; receipts $15 - day; «.a week's trial
given. PACIFIC EXCHANGE. 995 Market.^
$200— A GOOD bakery and stationery, candies.
. etc.; a decided bargain. PACIFIC EX-
CHANGE, 995 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22>_
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
— Grocery and bar; fine cor.; living rooms.
.s4oo— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
Combination store; grocery; restaurant,
furnished flat.
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry
office.
$1000— Roller quartz mill; earns $40 dally.
Florist and nursery; 2 res under glass.
Bookbindery; best equipped on coast.
$4500— Steam laundry; plant and buildings.
$7{iO— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$150— Corner saloon; value in stock; daily re-
ceipts $15; a snap. XXi:: O & CO.
$90 BEST branch bakery; dally receipts $3; line
living rooms. KREDO &- CO.. 22% Geary st.
$250 — OLD - ESTABLISHED restaurant; near
factories: a bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
23 Kearny st.
$350— SALOON; all day trade among merchants;
a great sacrifice. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
$125— Restaurant; transfer cor.; Mission: no op-
position; receipts $15 day; living rooms: rent
$17 mo. BARRETT, 1125 Market, above 7th.
$200— RESTAURANT; transfer corner, Mission:
no opposition; receipts $15 day; living rooms;
rent $17 month. BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
above Seventh. ..:..
A— CORNER grocery and bar: without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$300 PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $13 to $30 a week each: can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary st.,
room 2.
$150 invested actually earns 33 per cent weekly
profits; rar--> chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme: safe enterprise: control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore.
WANT to rent house and few acres; good lo-
cation for road house; may buy. Box 1780,
Call office.
$S0 — SNAP; restaurant and furniture: $17
month; rent paid to June 1. 100 Fillmore st.
SHOEMAKER shop: must sell account sick-
ness. Apply 3436 17th St., above Valencia.
WANT saloon in or near Sausalito. Box 1720,
Call office.
DINING-ROOM for sale; elegantly furnished;
rent taken In board. 227 Geary st.
$225— PARTNER; interest in factory and candy
store. Address box 1770, Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GOOD paying restaurant at a bargain. 613
McAllister st.
FOR SALE— Bargain; shoe store; best chance
on earth to secure a good-paying business;
choice location 50 miles from San Francisco;
population 5000; clean stock; can be reduced
to $4000. Address box 3367. Call Office.
FOR SALE Country bakery; a great bargain:
worth $600; will be sold at your own price ort
account of unexpected early departure; must
be sold before 2Gth of April. Inquire 625 Clay.
PAPER routes for sale on morning newspaper
close to San Francisco; will net IV.O to $200
per month; principals only. Address B. F.,
box 1739, Call Office.
PARTNER, or will sell small manufacturing
business; the only one on the coast: 200 cus-
tomers; small capita!. 515 Eighth st. Oakland.
$500— RESTAURANT and 5-roomed flat, hand-
somely furnished; excellent business; Investi-
gate. Apply at Call office.
i YOUR choice of 2 good-paying restaurants for
sale; reasonable; 511 or 1309 Castro st. Apply
511 Castro st.
$75— Branch bakery, candy, notions, eggs and
milk; good trade; cheap rent. 11l Howard st.
RARE chance for thorough hotel man or
woman with $1000. J., box S. Call. Oakland.
M" "ICO.
LANDS in tropical Mexico for • rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla.
; etc • large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co.. 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
$400— BAKERY for sale: store trade $10 to $13
day: good outside route: bakes 2'.j barrels
day' a good bargain; no opposition; owner
wants to leave city. Box 3251, Call office.
$2000— A PROTESTANT gentleman as partner
wanted in an established legitimate business,
by reason of enlarging the same: experience
not necessary. Box 3304. Call office.
FIVE stationery, cigar, laundry, periodicals,
branch bakery and notion store for sale; old
established. Box IS, branch office Call. IC6
Eleventh st.
CORNER saloon; central location; fine cash
business: with or without lodging- house;
good reason, for selling. Call 1013 Franklin
St., Oakland.
COAL. wood, hay and grain, business for
sale on account of owner's departure from
city: price reasonable. Address box 3344. Call.
PAYING saloon in North Beach district; sell-
ing on account of sickness. WICHMAN.
- LUTGEN ft CO.. 31S Clay st.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
fine location; must be sold. Address S.. care
of Call agency, San Jose.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established: rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; reasonable;
and 4 living rooms. Apply 21914 Eleventh st.
PATENTS— & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat
Agents; established 1862, 319 Pine St.. city.
RESTAURANT, must soli less than value of
fixtures. Inquire market, 576 Howard st.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar; a good chance
tor a Scandinavian. 341S Mission st. •
BARBER SHOP for sale: paying. Information
at 9 Hayes st.
BARBER shop for sale. 103 Eddy st. .,
SALOON, selling cut at cost. 1121 Harrison
st... corner Langton.
CVFFE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL.& CO. 'B. 415 Sacramento s*.
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.HOUSES TO LET.
A — WO-HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath, on the
north side of O'Farrell st. modern improve-
ments; centrally located. J. BROWNSTONE,
11 Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN ■■ ■ . ...
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ELEGANT - room houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE REMMEL. 628 Market st. "
CLAY. 2407, near Webster House of 7 rooms,
bath, large yard; cellar; $25.
LACUNA. 1715— House or S rooms and bath,
>ard. basement; latest Improvements; $30.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
i 24 Brodcrlck St., near McAllister.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
I'UKMSIIKI) HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
wator; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
63. > OuprrPro .- 1.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINS, 111. near Geary— sll; bay-window
cottage; nearly new; 4 rooms; water free.
BUNNY rott;ig»s of 4 ami 5 rooms, bath, base-
mont. y.-irJ, .cheap. 1876 15th St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter. St.
FOLSOM. 1411 Lower flat. 5 rooms; latest lm-
provements.
FJIANKLIN, 206— A nice, sunny flat, 4 rooms
and With.
NEW flats; modern Improvements; 4 and 5
rooms; $16, 5"*» : worth seeing. 2263 Geary st.
PAGE. 1614 Nice Bunny flat, 5 rooms, etc.;
tipper flat; near Park.
PEARLS 27; off Market, near Valencia— Upper
flat "f 3 sunny rooms in rear, $S.
KINO irn Phone Crown 323 if you n-ish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grnnt aye.
SULLIVAN, 221. near Stanyan— rooms and
bath: water free: rent $14.
$12— NICE sunny flat. 2SA Cedar aye., bet.
Lnrkin anil Polk sts.
$14— SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms, bath and ■ ard.
6 Shot well St., near Fourteenth.
$:n— 2 NEW, modern sunny flats, 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. .
FURNISHED FLATS.
$."S— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner tiat. 771 Pierre st., cor. McAllister. No
admittance without i'..-mit from C. J. CA M
BELL .* CO.; 224 '■; ntgomery .-t.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH, 621— Sunny suite; generate kitchen; $IS.
FIFTH, 221— Sunny rooms for working people,
$1 to $2 a week.
FIFTH, S14 — 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rms.: stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 22.")— 3 furnished housekeeping, $13;
double, $7 to IS; 2 parlors, kitchen, bath, $22.
FILLMORE. 2"OSU, near Clay— sunny par-
l<,r an.i small room furnished for house-
keeping.
FOLSOM, .';.->— Large sunny furnished room;
littht housekeeping; $1 75 a week.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping: also single rooms.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen: $12 month; private family.
GEARY. IS32U— 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $15. '
GEARY. 111—2 nice front housekeeping rooms; j
also single rooms.
GROVE. 20! cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
3-room suites, with gas stove.-
HOWARD, 1324—2 or 3 large sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HARRISON. 7SSA— S7; 2 sunny front rooms and
use of bath in a private family.
MARKET. 102?— Parlor, bedroom and kitchen.
furnished complete, $12; part rent taken in
board.
MISSION, 1165- Front room, light housekeep- '
ing.. $S pf>r month.
MISSION", 1135 — Bay-window suite of 3 rooms;
connecting; furnished for housekeeping; $16.
MISSION, ICS3— Front suite; others tor house- ;
keeping; nu objection to children.
MISSI 1317H— Nice unfurnished housekeep- :
ing rooms: cheap.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Cm Harris, 15 Grant aye. - -
NATOMA. C 45 — 2 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekepping; yard: rfnt reasonable.-
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
room i or slngls; light housekeeping; ♦•.
O'FARRELL; 327— Uarge front room with i
kitchen: unfurnl . separate entrance; $10.
RUSS, 116—3 rooms for housekeeping; unfur-
nlsheil or partly furnished.
SEVENTH, 270—2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
SIXTEENTH. 2C03. corner - Furnished
front room with grate; use of kitchen ana :
yr.nl: r»"nt $8.
BT-VENSON. 620— Cheap sunny furnished front
rooms; single or double.
TEN' : 123. nt»ar Market— Nice, large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, ::•'■ 3 nicely^ furnished house-
keeplng rooms; refined family.
UNION, -Furnished and unfurnished rooms
to let.
VALENCIA; 1175 — Furnished sunny front rooms;
bay window; housekeeping; extra convenient;
balh.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Suh«<-rtptlon<» and a<3« taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com Transfer Co., 22 Stockton at. Trunks
nioved to any part of city, Xc; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single: first-clan
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford. 231 O'Farrell. elegantly fur- j
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo. '■
AT 242 Stockton, sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BIRCH AYE., 23— Suite furnished rooms, $12;
unfurnished. $10: bath, grate; call forenoon.
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms; newly furnished
and new flat; with board; Van Ness aye.
Box 8364. Call office.
BOHEMIA. 239 Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished slngl*
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat tunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY. 211 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
Vie to $1; week, $2 to $6: families. !
EDDY, 6H— Large and small rooms: new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH, 239 Powell— houtfe, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Flrst-djMS sunny
rooms and aultes for gents. $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS. 432— Furnished rooms to let.
FULTON, 3— Nice Bunny- rooms- to let, day,
week or month. • • ■
GEARY, 5M Larg< sunny bay-window, rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; $3 month up.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781. Mission; select family
rooming bouse; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
cultec; single; sunny reading room; 250 up.
HOWARD, 1128%— Large back room; large
closet; bath, etc.; $! 25 per week. v-'-r
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; prl-
vat«; quiet family. $14 a month.
LARGE basoment suitable for plumber or car-
penter shop. Inquire 219 Natoma st. .
MASON, 18 (Sliver State) -Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 '.0 to $3; suites,
J4 to $6; baths; hot water: transient; elevator.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware. Bilks and
watches-. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
MCALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished, sunny
_ back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MINNA, 6G7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1001— Sunny room; private family;
suit 2 young men; terms reasonable.
MISSION, 1226— Nicely furnished sunny .room;
suitable for 2; piano; running water; $10 mo.
NATOMA, 2&2, near Fourth— 3 connecting
rooms, unfurnished, $7 per month.
O'FARRELL, 210 A— Sunny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms, $8 and $10. ■
O'FARRELL, 211, corner Powell— suite;
also single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL, Furnished rooms; single or
en suite. .■ . . . '
POLK, 607— Front sunny furnished rooms;
*"•!-»•• or>.i email: $1 and upward.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POST. fi22— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect.
PROSPECT place, 123— Two double front rooms,
$6 and $S; s-lngle roofj $4; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, ZS Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 232— Furnished room, suitable for
man and wife; rent $.i.
SUTTER, 715-717-719; Hyde, 6"9— Furnished and
unfurnished: choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 516— Large handsomely furnished
sunny suite of parlors; rent reasonable.
TAYLOR, 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms: furnished.
TAYLOR, TK— Nicely furnished stinny front
suite; suitable for S or 4; also nice single
room.
THE Eldora, 23 Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms.
VAN NESS, 417— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, suitable for 1 or 2; private family.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
In wrapper, for mailing.
HOARDING AXD ROOMS.
FOI.POM, 511— Swedifh private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FULTON. BS3 (The Mlzpah)— A qu*t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO hotel. Oakland— Up to the tl tries;
large sunny suites from $12: slnple rooms
from $6: board optional: handy to all trains.
GUERRERO, 702 A —Lovely room, board, two
persons: private family: piano: single room.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
class board: Spanish; $3G a month up.
HYDE. W6— Elegant rooms: first-class board:
pretty grounds; select neighborhood. MRS.
BROTHERTi >N.
SOUTH PARK, 159 — Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, 112S Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAX NESS aye., 81S— Reautlful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 10B— Branch office of The CaU.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
< HILDItKN BOARDED.
1 OR - children to board; pleasant home; near
.1. 203',a Polk st.
\X elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's car?: reforrnrcs. 234'n Sixth st.
JIISKM. INSTRI MKNTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $0 per month, we ask you to lnvesti-
i gate and approve this method. Prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good, second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some c> -d pianos tor S3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and fautter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE'S,
2<5. Zf, and 30 O'Fanvll Ft. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades ami prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. j
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco.
BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes st^
3TS like Charles R. Sweet and Helene
Mora, at the Orpheum. prefer the Crown
pianrt. So will you if you call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. & CO., 218 Post st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a Chickering for
$W; oxamine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Uauzy Newby. Evans,
Brigps and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
WANTED— For cash. S. style 3, or T, style 4.
Stein way. n r style X or R, Knabe. Address
box SSS6, Call Office.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
M.. nr-xt HibPTuia Bank. SCHMTTZ.
HOUNUNG's new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedentM soccess. H< McAllister st.
SPECIAL low prices on nil pianos until May 1.
V.. ICAUVAIS MUSIi 1 ■ '
smallest ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up:
apply on sale. HEINE, 13$ Ellis si.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand j
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post, j
KNABE pianos-; new scale: new styles, j
KOHLEB .t CHASE. ,3O O'Farrell s^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old iind new. 11.
MrI.LKR. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ENTH, l'W- -Branch office of The Cail.
Put sciiptlons and aJs tak»n.
HI RSB9.
40 HOR£-:S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction *a:ei§ every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold j
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must i
sell. At Emporium, 22u Valencia St.
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys i
for sale cheap. Bonn's Yds., 10th & Bryant. ]
JUST arrived — G0 horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st.: auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harnens and vehicles. Lie- |
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall. ,
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'.k wagons cheap
fnr cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opeo
huggy; also 1 hack. S2S HarrNon st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BARS, back bans, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
!-"( ili. s,il»~ %', up; n 1 s<-con<l-h,in<l Fe*ving
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to $r>o; I
bought In Philadelphia at a cost of $150. I
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. I
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
nnd 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. G23 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap, 1 large vault ln Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163. Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, enginfs, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527
Mission st.
CARRIER and homing pigeone, game hens,
patter bitch and fine doghouse. Box 1779. Call.
B< iILEKS, enirinps. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
FOR sale— Fine delivery wagon; $50. Address
box 3172, Call office.
FOR sale— Brown water spaniel 14 months old;
retrieves fine with the gun. 508 Post st.
FOR s.-ile cheap — Nice soda fountain, marble
slabs, copper kettles. 19 Hlnckley St., rm. 2.
$.'f»— Upright piano; good condition: $5 down. $3
jier month. 8. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, b^lts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. M 6 Mission 6t.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 5?,3 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz.:
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. H33-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck. letter-pressT
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and sold. 10C1 Mission, near Seventh.
10« ELEVENTH-Branoh~offtee~of~The CaJIT
Fubscrlptlons and ads taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rente.], repaired, bought, "sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 20.-) Fourth st.
CARPE. CLEASiSG.
CITY Steam Carpet- eantng Works; cleans!
moves, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted - Ith poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
". -atlng Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40. i
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J
MoQUEEN, 453 Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 32L '
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern .- ?am Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth et. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201. j
J. e7!mTCHELL Ce-pet-Cleanlng Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden I
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
(15 LARKlN— Branch office of The CaU; «üb-
scitptlon* and want ads taken.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Hospital and Almshcuse—
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County, of San Fran-
Cisco, April 19, 1838.
In accordance with Resolution No. 865 (Fourth
Series) of the Board of Supervisors. -SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the Board of Supervisors, on MONDAY
AFTERNOON, April 25, IS9B, from 2:30 to 3
o'clock, for furnishing subsistence to the pa-
tients and employes in and supplies for the
City and County Hospital and Almshouse from
July 1, IS9B. to June 30, 1899, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows:
Estimated
Articles Required. Quantity Denom.
Required. Per.
CLASS 1.
BEEF. YEARLY.
Beef— Fresh, first quality
American steer, in not •
less than one-half : car-
casses, consisting of fore
and hind quarters, to be
delivered in such quan-
tities and at such times
. for the Hospital and
Almshouse as required • *•
three days In each
week; estimated . ..
amount per day, 1000 s. r'<~-
lbs 810,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
Mutton — Fresh, first qual-
ity wether, in not less
than whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at such
times for the Hospital , ...
and Almshouse as re-
quired three days in
each week; estimated :■
amount per day, 1000
lbs : 107,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH. YEARLY.
Fish— Fresh cleaned and
scaled, best in market,
and In such varieties as
may be ordered, Salmon,
Sea Bass, Herring or ;'. ;
Smelt in season 48,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 4. ;•-..
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil — 150 degrees
test 1,600 gals Perlb
CLASS 5 -
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, California,
Best Roller x 420.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
.. CLASS 6. - .
! COFFEE. YEARLY.
jCo f f c — Guatemala, - ; '■' ■' ■■ '.
fresh roasted, first qual-
ity 17,500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES. '' '
YEARLY. " - - . . ,- .
; Beets— Best in market 1,200 lbs Per 100 lbj
| Beans— Small white. No.
1, first quality 2.500 lbs Per 100 lbs
Cabbage— Best in market. ! 16,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Carrots— Best in market. 4,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Onions. Red or White-
Dry, best in market.... 7,000 lbs! Per 100 lbs
Potatoes, Burbank, Sa-
linas or Oregon— Best In ■"
_ market 350,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Turnips— Best in market.. 8,500 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 8.
CORN MEAL, ETC.
YEARLY.
j Corn Meal, Yellow or
White — Fresh ground.
new, best In market.... 20,000 lbs Perlb
Oat Meal— Fresh ground,
r, best in market. 22.000 lbs Per
Cracked Wheat— Best in
market 20,000 lbs Perlb
Germea, or Semola— Best
in market...... 6.000 lbs j Perlb
Hominy— Best ln market. 2,000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 9.
TEA, SUGAR AND
SYRUP. YEARLY. '
Sugar-Extra C... 33.000 lbs Perlb
! Sugar, Granulated—
White ... 33,000 lbs Perlb
Sugar, Powdered — Best
.White 600 lbs ■ Per lb
( Syrup— Golden California
Refinery 1 1,100 gals Per gal i
Tea-Japan, Diamond (L) * tergal
■ or equally as good 8,000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS. ■ . .
YEARLY.
Bacon — Best California
Cured Sides 8,000 lbs Perlb
Butter— Fresh, first qual- .
''>'• California 11.500 lbs Perlb
Cheese— First quality Call- "
fornia' -Whole" --Best 650 lbs ■ Per Ib
Codflsh, Whole - Best
California, In bales 5 600 lbs Per
Eggs — Fresh California
(candled) 16,600 doz . Per dor
Ham— First quality, best .
California, Sugar Cured. 4.200 lbs Per lb
Lard— Fresh California... 4,500 lbs ■ - Per lh
Mackerel— Eastern,: No. 1, ■•
ln kits •:••••; ' SSklts Per kit
CLASS 11.
GROCERIES.
YEARLY.  '
Corn Starch. Klngsford
or Duryeas— Best qual-
_ lty • 1,000 lbs Perlb
Currants — Zante, first
quality 400 lbs Per lh
Fruit*. Dried-California, ■ ■' lb
quartered apples and
Fru U it d Ta d bl?f Corvee- B °° lbS - P " lb
Je^y^'Surrrnt.-best-.n » """ P ' Case
market (10 doz. 1-lb. f"' J '■ "
Mac'aVoni-No.-i!-:::;::.::::: f&tl " ppcp r cr d ? b :
Mustard. White or : Per lb
Ground— First quality
fresh California 150 lbs p,.,i.
Pearl Barley-No. 2 475 bs Per b
Peas-Split 1,000 lbs Per b
Pepper — First quality, ,-reriD
black, ground 700 lbs ' Per ik
Pickles, California- - Perlb
Assorted No. AssoVted! 70 gals P " •*
Pie Fruits - Assorted! Per «al
best in market (2 doz
Rii'r^'s^v " cases Perc "
R ! I No.-2-China.-new °° lbB $ Per »>
Sa^Besrin- markei:::: 10.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Salt, table. in California- 450 lbs er lb
Salt, table. California— ID
First quality 14.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Salt. Rock, first quality 7,000 lbs Per lOt h«
Sal Soda-California...... 12 600 lbs " ft r ' ft
Soap, Laundry, grown—
c( F| quality, family... 7,700 lbs Perlb
Starch— Wheat, Laundry, *^'.* v
Lump, Klngsford or
Duryeas— Best in mar-
Ta ptca.-p e arl--Best-ln 1.2001bs Per
Tapioca, Pearl — Best in
market ......... ; 50 lbs perlb
Tobacco-Black Navy 6,600 lbs Perlb
Tomatoes, Canned—
in market (2 doz. 2-lb
tins in each case) 60 cases Per ease
Vermicelli, White-No. 2 300 lbs Peril.
Vinegar- 30 degrees er Ib
strength 750 gals Per gal
Yeast Powder - Trophy, . er 8&i
Del Monte Raising, Pio-
neer, Golden Gate or • i
Crown (5-lb tins), as
may be designated .... 42 doz Per doz
CLASS 12.
COAL. YEARLY. , >/+:
Coal — Wellington (Duns- "
mulr), well screened,
free from slack and
shale, per ton of 2240
lbs . .
For Hospital (625 tons)— -.
For Almshouse. (800 tons) 1,325 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated may
be Been by intending bidders at the office at
the Mayor, City Hall. -
NOTlCE.— Bidders wlh estimate ' separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomina-
tion, of the kind and quality as shown by sam-
ples, with' the distinct understanding that the
lowest bid for each article required for each i
class will be accepted, and " that in every in-
stance no bid except from a merchant who is a
regular dealer in the articles enumerated will
be received; also, that the Beef and Mutton
must be delivered at the institutions named by
the party or parties to whom the contract may
be awarded, at such "time and ln such quanti-
ties- as required; that the Coal for the Hospital
Is to be delivered at that institution, and that
for the Almshouse to be taken from the coal
yard of the . successful bidder, or from the
wharf, in such quantities as may be ordered
from time- to time; also, that the other sud-
plles must be delivered at the place of busi-
ness of the party to whom the respective con-
tracts may be awarded, upon requisitions (in-
dorsed by the Chairman- of the Hospital Com-
mittee) of the Superintendent Physician of
the City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such times and
in such quantities as may be required",- from
July 1,-1898, to June 30, 1599, In more or less
quantities ■ than designated on - the schedule
without extra charge from the price bid. The
term more or less not being- limited to the
amount designated, but is for such amount as
mny be 'required, during the year. Also, bid-
ders will estimate . under the express stipula-
tion that the Superintendent Physician of the
City and County Hospital, and the Superinten-
dent of the Almhouse, by and with the con-
sent of ..the Committee" on Hospital,- shall
have the power to purchase- any or all of the
supplies required at the market rates, if . not
furnished of the -kind and quality as shown, by
samples, at the Expense of the party to whom
any contract may be -awarded to furnish the
same, If upon the- requisition of the officers
named the party falls to furnish the quantity
or quality of the supplies designated, which
under . contract, he may be required to fur-
nish. -Also, bidders will estimate under, the
express understanding and agreement that un- '
der no ' consideration will the Board recognize" i
or allow any assignment of any contract or
allow the supplies Included In any contract to
be furnished from any other person than the
person to whom the | contract ,is -. awarded
either under an l assignment- or other Instru-
ment, unless the consent of .the Board Is first
obtained through a Resolution duly passed by
said Board and approved by the Mayor, con-
senting and agreeing to the same. The qual-
ity of the articles called for, where not desig-
nated, to. be of the best quality, and all sup-
plies furnished for the Hospital and Almshouse
respectively, to be subject to the ■ approval •of
the Superintendent : Physician of the City and
County Hospital; and the- Superintendent •of
the : Almshouse, . whose decision shall ,- be final
and conclusive as , to the reception or rejection j
PROPOSALS— Continued.
of any and all of the supplies offered. The
beef and mutton furnished the Hospital and
Alrnshouse to be weighed at the time of deliv-
er}- at those Institutions; and all other supplies
furnished to be inspected and weighed at such
times and places as may be designated by said
Committee on Hospital. The party taking a
contract will be required to give a bond in a
sum not to exceed five thousand ($5000) dol-
lars, with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for its faithful perform-
ance. Proposals to be indorsed "Supplies In
Class 1, Class 2," etc., aa the case may be, "for
Public Institutions."
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required TO IMMEDIATELY FUR-
NISH THREE SAMPLES OF EACH OF
THE NON-PHRISHAKLE FOOD SUPPLIES
CALLED FOR AND ENUMERATED IN THIS
SCHEDULE, AND DELIVER THE SAME TO
THE CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm or
corporation so furnishing the same at one of
the public food stations established by the
Board of Health of this city next to the muni-
cipal Institution to be furnished with such
food supplies, and the character and quantity
and the quality of such food supplies shall be
then and there first Inspected, and said Board
of Health shall make report of such Inspection
forthwith to the Board of Supervisors.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily newspap-
ers, amounting to eight hundred and seventy
dollars and sixty-seven cents (SS7O 67). Each
class awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion cf the enttre cost. and each
article awarded, where there are more than
one in any class, to be charged with its pro
rata of the amount as designated for each
class.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no hid unless made upon blank forms
prepare-d by the committee, and a certified
check in the sum of five hundred ($500) dollars,
in favor of and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, must
be deposited by the bidder, conditioned
If the proposal is accepted and the con-
tract awarded; and if the bidder shall fail
or neglect to pay the printing charges, exe-
cute the contract and give the bond required
within six days after the award is made, then
and in that case, the said sum shall be paid
Into the City ajid County Treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure
and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS— For Burial of Indigent Dead-
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 19. IS9B.
In accordance with Resolution No. 864
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors, j
SEALED PROPOSALS v 1 X* received in open |
session of the Hoard of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON. April 25. 1898, from 2:30 I
to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the charge
of the City and County of San Francisco, in-
cluding the City and County Smallpox Hospi-
tal, ljr the term "f one ycn:\ ti»g l :iiimti July
1. I*9B, and ending June 30. 1899, in such ceme-
tery or cemeteries in this or other counties
wherein burials may be allowed.
NOTICE— The eof is to be made of three-
quarter-inch surface redwood clear lumber, to
be lined with muslin and pillowed inside and to
be shellacked and varnished outside, and the |
tops to be fastened down with not less than j
! six screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin
I shall be lined with No. 10 zinc instead of with
! muslin, and hermetically sealed, and all coffin*
used must be subject to the inspection and ap-
proval of the officer In charge of the institu-
tion from which the body of the decedent is to
be buried, and must in all cases be taken to
such institution for the purpose of having the
deceased placed therein.
No bid will be considered from any party
who has not been engaged In the undertaking
business in this city and county and conducted
said business in a reputable manner for a per-
iod of at least six months immediately preced-
ing the date hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth of at
least six feet.
No body to be removed from the institution
where it lies awaiting burial within a period
of twenty-four hours after death, except by ex-
press order of the Superintendent or officer in
charge of said institution.
The contractor will be required in all cases
on the death of the indigent person from In- |
fectlous disease to inter the body of said de- I
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the Superintendent or officer '
in charge of the Institution where the death
may have occurred, and In all other cases
within thirty-six hours after notification by
the proper officer.
The contractor will further be required to
convey the bodies of decedents committed to
his charge for Interment direct from the in- !
Btltution from which he receives the same to '■
the cemetery, and then and there bury the '
same. And will nut be permitted upon any
consideration to convey such bodies to any in- ]
termedlate resting place, or to keep the same |
in his custody for a longer period than that |
required for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent apply at
the Institution where such decedent may be ly-
ing awaiting burial, for permission to bury the
same, and prove -to the superintendent or offi-
cer in charge of said institution that their par-
pose Is to prq<-ide a decent burial, and hat
they hay« no Intention and will not _low the
body to be used for the purpose of dlssectkn,
then and in that case the body of said deceuse-1
Bhall be delivered to said friends, who a'nill
take charge, thereof and make the neees.;.iry
arrangements for the funeral with any under-
taker they may think fit: but in such event
the contractor aforesaid shall have no cialm
against the city lor the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom the contract may be
awurded shall be required, In all cases, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a eer 111-
cate of the proper burial of each person under
the provisions of his contract and of tlie;-o
specifications; and such certificate must, ;n all
cases, be attached to the demand of said '.'on-
tractor when presented to the Board if Su-
pervisors for approval, and must state th.;
names of the decedents and the Institutions
from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions the contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to. whom the contr.i:t Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice In three dally news-
papers, amounting to three hundred and forty-
five dollars and two cents ($345 02).
All interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the cliy and
county (other than those from any of the pub-
lic institutions) must be authorized by the
Health Officer Issuing a permit therefor, and
all bills for such interments to be approved by
the Health Officer prior to being presented to
this board All demands for the burial of in-
digent persons from any of the public Insti-
tutions to be approved by the superintendent
of th* institution at which the death occurs,
prior to being presented to this board.
Bid'lers wtll estimate and state a specific
amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board haa resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the turn of five hundred ($500) dollars,
in favor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, must be depos-
ited by the bidder, conditioned that if the pro-
posal Is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract and
give a bond of five thousand ($5000) dollars,
required within six days after the award is
made, then, and In that case, the said sum
Bhall be collected and paid into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk, as liquidated
damages for such failure *nd neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
if the public good so require.
v JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
TO BUILDERS— SeaIed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common
Schools In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation on WEDNESDAY, April 27, 1898, at
8-30 o'clock p. m.. for repairing the brick
chimneys pediments, etc., in the Girls' High
School building on Scott and Geary streets,
In conformity with the to be
seen at the office of T. J. Welsh, architect
of said board, room 95, Flood building.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check In the sum of two hundred and
fifty (250) dollars, made payable to the order '
of the Secretary of the Board of Education,
conditioned that if the proposal be accepted
and the contract awarded, and if the bidder
shall fail or neglect to erf-cute a written
agreement and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then
and in that ca.«e the said check Bhall be for-
feited to the Board of Education.
The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids, as the public good may require.
The party to whom this contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution of the contract, to pay the cost I
of advertising.
CHARLES W. WELCH, Secretary.
LOST.
LOST— On Market st., a pocket-book; name
Maude C. Porter engraved within. Please re-
turn to 126 Fifth St.; owner can 111 afford to
lose It.
LOST— January 19, rosary beads in case. Re-
turn to 2H'3 Howard st.
STICK pin. beetle body and head, amethyst
wings, pearls. Reward at 444 California st.
LADY'S gold watch on Folsom st., below
Beale, Monday. Return 310 Folsom.; reward.
LOST— Western Addition, white fox terrier
bitch; brown head; answers name Trlx. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission st. : reward $20.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments-
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission St., at ye Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Misslon_st._Tel. Mint 1821.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Movlng~Co7j
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN?
121 Sixth Bt., open evenings.
TYI- WRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and ranted; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
> '-". ' HANDSOME. COTTAGE.
$3000— Terms same as rent; Second aye., bet.
California and Clement sts.; contains 6 rooms
and bath; porcelain bathtub, etc.; lot 25x120.
jp . " ■ - -•:.-•
$11,000— Sacramento St., sunny side; lot 50x128;
near Scott St.; Improvements, handsome 2-story
residence, modern and complete, containing 9
rooms, bath, etc.
$4500— Rent $44; near Fourth st. ; 5 flats: front
and rear building; a good interest-paying prop-
erty; an offer wanted.
- $300 CASH, ' ;-;
Balance same as rent.
Worth $3000; almost new cottage, 5
rooms and all latest conveniences; porcelain
bath; up-to-date plumbing, etc.; close to Castro
and Nineteenth sts.
HANDSOME NEW FLATS.
Pays over 12 per cent.
$6250— Reduced from $7000; Hayes St., within
walking distance of town; contain 6 and 7
rooms; all latest conveniences; lot 25x137:6.;
$17,500 — modern residence; best residence
section (north of California' St.); containing 12
rooms and all the latest Improvements; 2 large
lots.
$100 a front foot — Choice/park frontages; Stan-
yan st, bet Frederick and Waller; street to be
accepted at seller's cost.
$10,000 — Lombard St., bet. Jones and Leaven-
worth; magnificent marine view; comfortable
house of 12 large rooms and bath, expensively
built; lot 68:9x137:6; beautiful grounds.
$2750— Foreclosure sale; Bryant St., near
Fourth; 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
this Is a snap; call at once for particulars. .
$3000— Rent $31; 2 flats of 5 rooms each, and
also rear house of 3 rooms; lot 25x75; good rent-
ing locality.
$11,000 — An offer wanted; handsome new mod-
ern residence of 14 rooms and all modern con-
veniences; Gough-et. corner, convenient to Pa-
clflc-ave. cars.
A SNAP.
— Rent ?50; Natoma St., not far from
Sixth; lot 25x75; Improvements consist of 3-
story building containing flats.
$6000 — Very handsome modern flats, 5 and 6
rooms; Frederick St., near Ashbury; large lot;
rent $55.
• $2700— Clara St., bet. Third and Fourth ; s 2-
story building; flats, 4 and 6. rooms; rent $25;
lot 25x85; improvements in good' condition; only
$600 cash required, balance can be paid out of
the rents. i.--~ .- -;
$2250 — Green St.; bargain; bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; rent $22; 2 flats,. 4 rooms each; lot has 2
: frontages; call at once; a snap.
$7500— Business property; pays a high rate of
interest; large corner lot; splendid new im-
provements; good business location in best part
of the Mission; a snap. • : *;• ■ •*.
: '- . . ; , ■ BALDWIN & HOWELL,
* . 10 -; Montgomery st.
- - S
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, V : '
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS. FOR PARK LOTS. .
SECURE A HOME.
Positively ' Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mlsslon-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly. ■
■ SOL GETZ &■■ BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S5O; graded officially; superb
View; $25 down and $10 monthly. •-•
__i .. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400. $450 to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and "sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
$2675— 2 COTTAGES, 5 ; rooms and attic; easy
terms; Liberty st.l near Castro: open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, Builder.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323. ;
MILL VALLEY; for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply at 526 Turk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. . .
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in j
probate, life i insurance, goods -In warehouse,
. furniture without- removal; no delay.- R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or ' Alameda, at lowest " rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. ■ J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ■ . ,
$5 UP to any ' amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; . all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny st. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. •
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 323 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
n -mints. ; low Interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room ■7. 508 California Bt.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st. '
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S2OOO on mortgage; 8 per cent; im-
proved income-bearing city property. Box
3166. Call office. .
FINANCIAL.
LOANS jen real estate, bonds, ! etc. ; lowest
rates. { Mi-AFKE BROS., 108 Montgomery . st.
PAWNBROKERS. .
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
•ID LA RKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. .--,-
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1852; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, 1 law and medical colleges: accredited 1
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc.;
day and evening -sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction In . shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship, $50; low. rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, » 855 ■ Market st.
VIOLIN, ■ mandolin, cornet, ' piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st. ■ -. - " ','.,..,■
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt; day & eve.:
• est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. • , - ... . ■"-
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, , $5.; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty;. ■fillings,. 50c;. crowns, $3 50; all
work. painless and warranted. ■, Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold. fillings, $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
our | crown and ■ bridge j work . is the best;
hours, 9 a. .m. to 9 'p.m.; Sundays, " 9 to I.'
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, nr. 11th;
no charce '• for extracting -when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee •of Improved : bridge work or teeth
.without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, • 25c . up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth. :r
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; : painless dentistry. .
L.-a: TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. a TEAGUE.
removed 'to Call bldg., :6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
-.; W. KEY, 1320 Market St. ■ ■.''. -
SET of ' teeth without a plate. - DR. H. ;C.
YOUNG, 1641 Polk st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
i IN CAPAY VALLEY : —
— IN CAPAY VALLEY ■ —
— ;; — IN CAPAY VALLEY
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Capay Valley, In Yolo County, lies
north of the famous Vaca Valley, and pos-
sesses the same characteristics of that great
fruit section. We offer In this valley and
vicinity lands belonging to the Bank of
Woodland. at less that the foreclosure price-
prices range from $2 25 an acre for grazing
land to $40 an acre for the best fruit land
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE —
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE
Call or send for the catalogue and price
list of these lands.
McAFEE BROTHERS :
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
IN SUBDIVISIONS! IN SUBDIVISIONS!
At Assessed Value! At Assessed Value!
A grand opportunity— sooo acres of the es-
tate of Sarah. Blake, deceased, lying on the
Merced River; for sale as above: the land is
well adapted for grain, fruit, vegetables and
alfalfa; in plats of 35 acres and upward, at
prices of from $3 to $20 per acre: send for
descriptive map. . McAFEE BROTHERS, 108
Montgomery st., San. Francisco, Cal.
PASTURE lands for sale or rent; reclaimed
and unreclaimed; rent 10c per acre and up-
ward; for sale, $2 an acre and upward. Mc-
AFEE BROS., 10S Montgomery St., 8. F.
FINELY improved ranch, 600 acres, near Con-
cord; 25 acres bearing orchard, 10 acres vines, '
200 acres grain; only $16,000. McAFEE BROS. 1
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SNAP- 8 acres. I Belmont. only $1200; easy
terms; catalogue free. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
WRITE for list; pood land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
~. -^L^^^£HlL^^l^^s3!^Zs^ f , „
BE A UTIFUJLTH^M^S^UrT^LTRTcSPUR^
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms :4S minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth $150. in the Alle- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for . I
you; payment as rent; all Ftreets , graded, :
some macadamized; 3 . electric-car lines and ,
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; call or send tck clrcu- , i
lar, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland; :
carrige free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
COMPLETE chicken ranch in Frultvale. now '
ready for the business. It Is the best sec-
tion in the State" for chicken raising; rent $". !
per month, or will sell at a bargain and on \
terms to suit -buyer. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway. Oakland.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150. with 3 :
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month:
only one block - from narrow gauge depot:
will be sold in whole or part; offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms for renT~m~Abrahamson j
bldg, SE. cor. 13th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros. j
BAY-WINDOW suite: rstab. dentist's office; !
also complete housekpg rms. 856 Broadway.
TRANSIENT room*. 50c to $1 night: also by
the month. S2l Market. H block from station.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT, sunny suite; hot and cold"water~-
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 562 Eighth st. |
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very~cheap '■
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
— T", ■ - - 1 ■'
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~ ".
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200,' $1700, $1800, ♦• % "00, $2600, $3000.
• The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on '•- market for non-payment ,
of Installments, and they ire now offered at a j
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain |
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
alnv.'f new, and located near schools and sta- •
tionl . ' ' .
We are going to weed them out and Invite
inspection. > MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays, j
1750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near i
schoolhouse.
Sacrifice; corner lot 33x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150:, fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash: $25 per month; lot 40x150: only
I blocks from station and hiirh school.
$3750 New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st. -
CHEAP; 33x148; 6 rooms and bath; lawn.
roses, fruit trees, vines, chicken houses. S.
H.. Call office, Alameda.
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
SNAP— For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
ner lot and 6-roorn house In Berkeley; bath;
high basement; brick foundation: fine gar- I
den; windmill; small amount- cash, balance ■
on .easy Installments; also corner lot and 2- I
story house in West Oakland on the above j
terms. Call on ISAACS, 409 O'Farrell, S. F. j
FOR SALE— Near university, house of 8 rooms; !
large lot; will be sold very reasonably If !
sold quickly. JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley i station.
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EASTERN city income property, uninoum- j
bered, to exchange for unincumbered ranch |
worth from $2000 to $35,000. Address Bar- '
gain, box 1771, Call office.
EDDY, 305— Furniture of 10 rooming house for
unimproved lot; onwner must leave city. ■
-■ PKOPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To purchase from 2, to 5 acres of
land in San' Mateo Co.. near county line; no
objection if near cemeteries. W. W.. box
1802, Call Office. .
WANTED— To rent, lease or buy, small poultry
ranch. Address box 1769, Call office. ■
BIRTHS-— MAERI ABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be ■ inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ... ....
• • • BORN. .
ELLIOTT— ApriI 19, 1898, to the wife of J. S.
Elliott, a son.
FLlCK— March IS, 1898, to the wife of Philip
Flick, a daughter.'
JOHNSON— In this city, April 17, ISPS, to the
wife of F. Johnson, : a daughter.
KLUBER— ApriI 13, IS9B, to the wife of Joseph
Kluber, a son. '
LEAHEY— ApriI 18, 1898, to the wife of Philip
Leahey, a son.
Mclaughlin— in this city, April 18, 1898, to'
. the wife of Frank McLaughlln, a son.
MARRIED. '
CASE— KNIGHT— this city, April 20, IS9B,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Robert
Hayes Case and Lulu Irma ■ Knight, both of
Redwood- City. • . - t^-.
OVERACKER— EMERSON— In this city, April
20, 1898, by the Rev. D. O. Kelly, H. Over-
acker Jr. of Centervllle and Alice E. Emer-
son of Irvlngton. . ■-.- -. ...
RYAN— HENRICHS— In this city, April 16, IS9S,
by the Rev. Father Ramm, John F. Ryan
■ and Mollle T.-Henrichs. ,-
WHIPPLE— BOONE— this city; April 20
1898, by the Rev. John ' A. B. Wilson, -D.D
James Albert Whlpple of San Francisco and
Myrtle Boone of Napa.
DIED. ~
Ahlbach, Mary Kerr, Margaret
Bolan, ueorge W. Lyden, Margaret J
Burke. Lieutenant McCormick, J. C
■ Callaghan, Mary A. .McKenna, Matthew ■
Callaway, Elizabeth. Mortensen. James P.
Carmody, Anna M. Nagle, Bridget J. ■
Dannals, Harry C. O'Connor, Mary
Doody, Mrs. Ellen Schaller, Anna
Ervin. George A. Schulz. Carl ■
Fisher. Valentine Seidenberg. Harris
Free, Carrie Seydon, Myrtle E.
Glannini, Agnes R. . Sherman, Thomas B.
Hayward, Kate T. Rtothard, William
" Hoppe, John C. Sundell, Frank
Johnson, Nellie M. Walsh, John
Kayser,. Fred Young, Robert F.
AHLBACH— this city, April M. ISSS. Mary,
beloved wife of Jacob Ahlbneh. mother of
Joseph. William. Elsie and Alois Ahlbach
and Mrs. A. J. Parr. «nd *Ut«r of Frank
Antony, a -native of Httßcn*Naaaatt, Ger-
many, aged 46 years 3 months and to days. ;
|E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .1506 Folsom street, thence, to St. Bonl-
facius Church, Golden Gate avenue, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount, Calvary Ceme-
tery. : -■*■■ '■■•! •« "• " > ■ .
BOLAN— At Pigeon Point Light Station, April
48, IS9S, George W. Bolan. a native of Win-
terpoint. Me., aged 73 years.
(T7lr.terment at Pescadero, San Mateo
County, Cal.
BURKE— of the ;ate Lieutenant W.
F. Burke are invited to assist ; a requiem
high mass for the repose of his soul in St.
Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, Saturday next, April 23, at 9 o'clock.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, April 20, 1893.
Mary A., relict of the, late John M. Calla-
ghan, beloved daughter of Thomas and Mary
Joyce, sister of Mrs. J. McDonald and Pat-
rick. Stephen and Michael' Joyce, and niece
■ of Mrs. B. Burns, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, at;ed 28 .years.
E7"Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 146 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CALLAWAY- this city, April IS, 1898, Eliza-
beth Banks Callaway, wife of J. T. Norman
Callaway, a native of Mey, Caithness, Scot-
land, aged 35 years.
E7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), 10 o'clock, at St.
Luke's Church, Van 'Ness avenue and Clay
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARMODT— In this city, April 20, 1898, Anna
Mabel, beloved daughter of John and Daisy
Carmody, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 20 days.
C? Notice of funeral hereafter.
DANNALS— In Alameda, . pril 20. W. Harry
C. beloved husband of Cora Dannals, and
■ brother of Mrs. H. L. Brand and C. 11. and
G. H. Dannals, aged 40 years.
DOODY— In this city, April 19, IB9S, Mrs. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Michael Doody, an<£
mother of Kitty and the late Daniel Doody,
a native of Ireland. *
E?"Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her law
residence, 14 Oak street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ERVIN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 20, ISMS, George Albert Ervin, a nativs
of Ohio, aged 53 years. .
FISHER— In this city, April 20, ISM, Val-
. entine, beloved son of Catherine Fisher, and
brother of Fred Fisher, Mrs. Annie Brady
and Mrs. Victoria Tusmann, a native of
• Albany, N. V., aged 50 years.
FREE— In this city, April 20. 1898, Carrie, be-
loved wife of Frank Free, and mother of
Harry A. and Frank D. : Free, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 62 years and 2 months.
GIANNINI— In this city. April 20, 1898, Agnes
R., beloved daughter of Amnueo P. and Clor-
inda Giannini. and sister of Amadeo, Mario
and Lloyd Gianni ni, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 9 months and 21 days. .
C7"The funeral will take place this day.
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1022 Green street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Funeral nrivate.
HAYWARD— In this city, April 19, IS3B, at the
residence of her mother, Mrs. Mary Dough-
erty, 157 Octavla street. Kate T.. beloved
wife' of Darwin L. Hayward of Santa Rosa.
a native of Benicia, Cal.
(C7"Funeral at Santa Rosa.
HOPPE— In Claremont, Alameda County. April
18, 1595, John C, beloved husband of Cather-
ine Hoppe, and father of Edward and Arthur
Hoppe and Mrs. Franklin Walker, a native
of Germany, aged 55 years 11 months and 5
days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the German
M. E. Church, Seventeenth street, near Sao
Pablo avenue, Oakland. Friends will pleas*
omit flowers. Interment Mountain Viet*
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 19. 1898, Nellie
M.. beloved wife of Charles M. Johnson,
mother of Charles G.. Frank -C. Eva V.,
Earl W., Allan R. and Christabel M. John-
son, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. Conlon,
and only sister of Mrs. J. Ctapleton, a na-
tive of California, aged 37 years 5 months and
13 days.
CTFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from l.er late resi-
dence, 2416 Howard street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
, KAYSER— San Jose, April 19, 1398, : red, be-
loved son of Fritz and Mary Kayser, and
brother of Albert, Tillie, William, Hermann
and Frances Kayser.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Woodrow 3
undertaking parlors, 117 South First street. '
KERR— In this city. April 19. 1898, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Edward Kerr. and
mother of Mrs. Margaret K. Smith and the
late James P. Kerr. a native of Scotland,
aged 68 years 6 months and 17 days.
C^Friend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 264 San Carlos avenue, near Twentieth
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LYDEN— In this city, April 19, 1888. Margaret
J., beloved daughter of Mr. . nd Mrs. Martin
Lyden of Thompson, Pa., sister of Delia Ly-
den and Mrs. John Kauert of Sacramento.
Cal., niece of Mr. and Mrs. John Mogan, and
cousin of Mary, Maggie and Joseph A. Mo-
• gun, aged 20 years. (Susquehanna and Car-
bondale papers please copy.) .
(us"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her uncle, John Mogan, 164 Perry
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city. April 19, 18!'S, J. C.
McCormick, a native of Scotland, aged 91
years.
McKENNA— In this city, April 20, 1898, Mat-
thew, son of Matthew and Margaret Mc-
Kenna, a native of San Francisco, acred 6
years 8 months and 20 days.
MORTENSEN— In this city. April 20, 1898,
James P. Mortensen, a native of Denmark,
aged 74 years.
(C? Notice of funeral hereafter.
NAGLE— this city, Bridget Josephine, be-
loved wife of David K. Nagle, and mother
of Mrs. E. Pyne and James T. Kearney, a na-
tive of County Mayo, Ire.and.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) morning, April 22, from 1315 Broad-
way, thence to St. Bridget's Church, Van
Ness avenue, where a solemn high mass of
requiem will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 9 (O'clock. Interment Holy Cros3
Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, April 19, 1898, Mary,
wife of Patrick O'Connor, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 67 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Thursday), at 9:20 o'clock, from her late
residence, 525 Myrtle avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
nt 10 o'clock. Interment Movnt Calvary
Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
SCHALLER— In this city, April IS, 189S, sud-
denly, of heart failure, Anna, dearly beloved
wife of Henry Schaller, a native of Amt
Lilienthal, Germany, aged 55 years 10 months
and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery. ■ ■
SCHULZ— In this cits. April 19, 189S, Carl, be-
loved husband of Louisa Schulz. and father
of Mrs. Gretchen Herby and Fritz, Paul,
• Max, Otto and Ernst Sehulz, a native of
Germany, aged 71 years 3 months and 23
days A member of Johannis Lodge. Union
of the Friends of Men In the Orient, of Trier,
Germany.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late. resi-
dence, 805 Harrison street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post ..nd Montgomery
streets, where funeral services ; /ill be held,
under- the auspices of Hermann Lodse No.
127, F. and A. M.. commencing at 1:30
■ o'clock. Interment private. ...
SEIDENBEKG— In Seattle, Wash., April 17,
IS9S Harris Seidenberjr, beloved father of
• Mrs. Annie Peyser, Mrs. J. Hoeslech of Se-
attle Wash., Mrs. M. Cohen of Juneau,
Alaska and L, Seldenberg. a native of Prus-
sia, aged 71 years and 3 months.
(C7"FriendP and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors <-f
the California Undertaking Company; -123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
New Salem Cemetery, by carriage*. '.
SEYDON— In this city, April 19, 1898 Myrtle
E., dearly beloved and only daughter of
George H. and Emily Seydon, siFter of Henry
- Seydon, and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. J. Seydon and Mr. and . Mrs. Weig-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged.l year
4 months and 9 days. t
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at -2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 219 Laussat street, off
- Fillmore, between -Waller and Halght. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHERMAN— April 4. IS9S. Thomas Bowman
Sherman of Somerville, Mass., rged 63 years
and 8 months.
STOTHARD— In this city, April 20. 1898, Wil-
liam Stothard, a native of England, aged 32
years.
SUNDELL— In this city, April '20. ISPS. Frank
Sundell. a native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged
72 years and 11 months. (Chicago papers
please copy.)
WALSH— this city, April 20. 1838, John, be-
loved husband of Mary Walsh, and father of
Henry. John T.. William F. and Mary E.
Walsh and Mm. P. Llepelt, a native of
County Cork, Ireland. .
Notice of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG— In this city, April 20, ISO 1 !, Robert
F., beloved son of Susan and the late Captain
William Young, and brother of Ada, Arthur
■ and Richard Young, a native of Sacramento,
Cal., aged 30 years. ■. ,;; '
, JC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
ciatlon— regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets,' this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends' are Invited to attend.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBAUUSIUI
it) FirTH ST , Opp. Lmo«l» 8^»»l, -.
Telephone. Sou'.q iiu,
1516
WILL RILE THE
GRAND CHAPTER
Royal Arch Masons in
Annual Session Elect
Officers.
Developments in the Coming
Benefit, for the Widows
and Orphans.
The Fair Estate Loans Its Property
to tho Order for a Floral
Show.
The Grand Chapter of Royal Arch
Masons of California, according to cus
tom, met on Tuesday, and has been in
cession since. Yesterday they elected
the following officers:
Companion Eli _T. Blackmer of San
Diego, grand high priest; Florin Leslie
Jones of Pasadena, deputy grand high
priest; Edward R. Hedges of Stockton, J
grand king; Samuel H. Wagener of !
San Jose, grand scribe; Franklin H.
Day of San Francisco, grand treas
urer; Thomas H. Caswell of San Fran
cisco, grand secretary and grand lec
turer; William C. Wittenmeyer of
Martinez, grand captain of the host;
Charles L. Patton of San Francisco,
grand royal arch captain; Charles
E. Stone of Marysville, grand chaplain;
Samuel D. Mayer of San Francbsco,
grand organist; Charles Gillet of Oak
land, grand guard.
Adolphus A. Hewel of Modesto was
appointed chairman of a committee t<»
revise the constitution of the Grand
Chapter of Royal Arch Masons of the
State of California, and report at the
next session.
Before the session was closed for the
afternoon a motion was made and car
ried to donate $5000 to the Widows' and
Orphans' Home.
The Masonic festival, for which ex
tensive preparations are now being
made, is creating widespread enthusi
asm among Masons throughout the en
tire State.
The moms in the Masonic Temple
devoted to the sale of Mowers were
found to be much too small to accom
modate the increasing shipments, and
in order to supply the necessary room
the Fair estate loaned its property on
Post Btreet, adjoining the Temple, for
the purpose of carrying on the lucra
tive sale of the native beauties of Cal
ifornia.
The store at 16 Post street has al
ready been occupied by ladies of the
: committee of the coming festival.
Each day one of the booths will have a
numb<-r of Indies there to arrange and
distribute flowers. Either Mrs. Dr.
Flint or Mrs. L. \V. Moore will at all
times be found in the depot. The idea
is that all flowers sent will be received
there, and from there all merchants
nnd all others interested In the festival
will be able to obtain any flowers they
may want from now until the opening
of the fete. Arrangements have been
made for their prompt distribution, a
telephone has been Installed, and as the
country is supplying fresh flmvers from
day to day. it is more than probable
that those who will try to help char
ity will find excellent service In the de
livery of the flowers, tasteful arrange
ment and fair price.
One of the booths is to have a perfect
canopy °f flowers, and as patriotism
fills the air at this moment, the red,
white and blue, combined with the
stars, will be the leading feature.
Next Tuesday night the ladies of Fi
delity Lodge will meet and arrange
committees for special booth work. It
is their intention to increase the enthu
siasm and to add special features dur
ing the festival.
One of the latest features is a booth
•where many of the relics of Martha
Washington will be displayed.
The Grand Chapter of the Royal Arch
Masons yesterday made a donation to
the widows and orphans' fund which
was quite in keeping with the usual
generosity of that branch of the frater
nity.
EVILS OF GOOD FORTUNE.
John Comstock Is Arrested for Tak-
ing Money Which He Thought
His Own.
John Comstock, the well-known wrestler
and racetrack man, was arrested late last
evening by Detectives Reynolds and Gib-
Bon on a warrant sworn to by Ellen Hot
kins. Upon arrest he was taken to the
City Prison, and later released on a $2000
bond.
Comstock two weeks a#o won considera
ble money on tho races, and to celebrate
his good fortune he started on a carouse
around town, finally falling in with the
Hotkins woman, who proved to be more
than a genial companion in trying to help
him get rid of his money.
They rented apartments in the Pabst
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA
FROiyiRTH
—————
Baby's Arms Neck Hands and Face
Broken out with Red Pimples.
Terribly Inflamed.
Had to Wear Soft Mittens to Keep
Her from Scratching. Suffering
Was Terrible.
2 Leading Physicians Could Not
Even Help Her. Tried CUTI-
CURA. Immediate Cure.
Our little daughter, now fifteen months old,
was troubled from her birth with Eczema.
Her face, arms, hands, and neck would break
out with rod pimples, the parts afflicted
would swell and become terribly Inflamed,
water would ooze out like great beads of per-
spiration, finally this would dry up and the
6kin would crack and peel off. She suffered
terribly. Had to wear soft mittens on her
hands to keep her from scratching. We gavo
two of our leading physicians a good trial,
but neither of them helped her in the least.
I purchased Cuticura Soap, ('i-ncruA(oint-
ment), and Cuticura Resolvent, and com-
menced using them a3 follows: After bath-
ing I wiped herwithasoftlinen cloth, applied
Outicuk.v (ointment) freely, and gave her tho
Resolvent regularly. She improved at once
and is now never troubled, although we have
used less than one bottle of Resolvent, three
boxes of Salve, and of course CirriCTRA
Soap. The statements I have made are abso-
lutely true and not exaggerated in anyway.
Would also say yon have my permission to
publish this, should you wish.
March 1, 1898. ROB. A. L.APITAM,
■ llli West Side Sqnare, Springfield, 111.
Cutioi'BA Remedies will afford Itutant relief, permit
rest and let p, and point to anptedy, permanent, and eco-
nomical cure of the met torturing, disfiguring, and hu-
miliating of itching, burning, bleeding, icily, pimply,
end cruHted akin and tcalp bamon, with lost of hair,
when all elte faila. ■ ■ . - ' - :
Sold ttirooi»honttb* world. > Jotter r>ltrn>KD Cttik.
f>*r. Pish-, iuwwa. ■• Ail About iUbj-'t tikis," in*.
BOMBARDED WITH STONES.
Determined Attempt of Three Dissatisfied Employes
to Wreck the Bau Citu Iron Works.
Warrants to Be Sworn Out fop Their Arrest.
The Bay City Iron Works, at 228 Fremont street, has the appearance of having been bombarded by a hostile fleet.
In a moment of anger, due, so they claim, to the refusal of the proprietors to pay them their wages, three of the em
ployes bombarded the place with stones, breaking over 10) panes of glass and almost wrecked the front part of the
building. Fortunately nobody was injured by the flying missiles. The men. It is claimed. Importuned their employers
for their wages, and upon their refusal to pay them, they held a sort of an indignation meeting and resolved to attack the
building as their only means of revenge. They waited until the proprietors had left, and arming; themselves with
cobble stones made a concerted attack on the works. After completely wrecking the front of the bulldine the men
quietly left the scene.
Immediately after the occurrence was reported to the police Detectives Ryan and ODea were detailed to arrest
the window breakers. Last night they reported to Chief Lees that they had made a thorough Investigation and were
convinced that the men who wrecked the place were incited by a spirit of revenge due to their failure to collect the
wages due tlum.
Both the proprietors, however, deny that their employes had a hand In the outrage. They believe that the crimo was
committed by several drunken hoodlums, who were s-ien hanging around the works a short time before the place was
bombarded.
It is claimed that a private watchman witnessed the partial demolition of the building. He made no effort to arrest
the men, claiming that he had no right to interfere. He, however, says that they were employes of the Iron works,
and that they told him they were driven to commit the outrage through the refusal of the proprietors to pay them
their wages.
Hotel, where the woman, as Comstock
claims, attempted to rob him. They were
both under the influence of liquor at the
time. Comstock, Bjpon after he met the
woman, gave her $5, but when he found
that she was trying, and, in fact did at
tempt to rob him, he took the money
away from her, and it is for this robbery
—as she terms it— that Comstock was ar
rested.
MANY NEW DRUGGISTS.
Granted Diplomas by the State Board
of Pharmacy During the
Last Meeting.
The California Stat* Board of Phar
macy has hold two meetings this month,
one of them being in Lios Angeles from !
April 6 to 9, and the other in this city |
from April 13 to 17. The fouowing were
registered as graduates: C. L. Esch- j
mann, Peter Rock, A. G. Rabenau, C. E. |
Henley, C. F. Tomkins, Felix Paquln, J.
G. Dougherty. <;. \V. Forester, R. T Kyle
and E W. Hanson.
The following having passed a satisfac
tory examination were registered as
licentiates:
E. A. Agnow. "W. Garner, E. A. Wolf.
O. S. Mish. R. J. Newman, L. Macken Jr.,
Florence E. Myers, A F. Hyer. C. H.
Wolfe. E. T. Yarnull. F. E. Twining, F.
G. Culver.
E. C. Wilson and T. J. Day wore reg- |
iptored as licentiates on their certificates
from Ontario College of Pharmacy.
Edward Henderson. H. C. Lassen and
J. F. Gibson were granted assistants' cer
COLONEL ELI T. BLACKMER of San Diego, Crand High
Priest-Elect of the Royal Arch Masons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1898.
tlficates on their licentiate examination.
The following having passed a satisfac
tory examination were granted the 16
sistant certificate: W. P. Briggs. E J.
Lawless, J. M. Waste, J. W. Calder, V T.
Nadeau, J. H. Huntoon. G. H. Phillips. C.
K. Condon, F. C. Rulison and J. L. Whit
lock.
The next meeting will be held in ban
Francisco July 13, IS3S.
DAVIDSON MAY JUDGE.
Ihe Oakland Kennel Club May Select
the Popular Expert.
! The San Francisco Kennel Club will not
make any changes In its selection of
judges excepting that in E. J. Bull's
I place some local fancier may be appointed
| to judge greyhounds. The directors of the
club contend that Mr. Bull, the Eastern
judge who will pass judgment on all
i breeds of dogs, is a very capable man and
I that exhibitors can safely count upon a
fair field and no favor.
The Oakland Kennel Club will give a
show immediately after the exhibition
which will be held in Mechanics' Pavilion,
and in all probability the judge selected
by the Oakland dog fanciers will be J.ohn
Davidson, a man who has a wide reputa
tion* as a first-class all-around judge of
| dogs. There can be no gainsaying tho
j fact that the Oakland Kennel Club would
j have a very large entry if Davidson is
selected to judge.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
NEW LEADERS
OF THE LEAGUE
Epworth Sections Meet and
Elect Annual Of
ficers.
Names of Those Who Will Govern
the Society During the
Year.
At a meeting of the EpwoTth League
the following officers were appointed to
govern the society during the ensuing
year:
Section A (headquarters Howard street)
—Charlotte A. Sehrage (chairman), John
Rogers, John Powell, Miss Sherwood,
Mr. Landstrom. Mr. Patterson. Miss
Sherman, Miss Hewlitt. Miss de Turber
ville.
Section B (headquarters ferry)— Harry
A. Burke (chairman), Miss Wilson, Mrs.
Davidson, Miss Hodson, Mr. Nash, Mr.
Olson, L. Shaw, Mrs. Clifford, Miss Cole
stock, G. T. Shaw Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Rob
inson, Miss Barts. Misses Goodrich, Miss
May Carter. Miss A. E. Carter. Mr. Sim
mons, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Clark, Miss Hoeff
ner.
Section C (Third and Townsend)— H. S.
Elliott (chairman), Miss L. Hoeftner, Miss
Hamilton, Miss A. Kennett, A. Jacobs,
Mr. Fish, Miss E. Shroyer, Mr. Taylor,
Mr. Hatton, Miss Davis, C. L. Kelly, Miss
Chilson.
Section D (Twenty-fifth and Valencia)—
J. C. Looker (chairman), Mr. Knapp, Mr.
Harris, Miss McKee, Miss Clapp, Miss
Dornin.
The members of the reception com
mittee will report at headquarters,
Howard-street Church, on Thursday
morning, at 7:30 o'clock, and receive
badge and cap and all further instruc
tions.
Those Frenchy Busts —
Those sudden hips— come in Royal
Worcester Corsets at from $1, $1 50, $2 50,
$3 50 to $10 per pair. The lower priced
ones are fitted free just as carefully as
the more expensive ones.
Bear in mind that every pair of these
corsets have the full name, Royal Worces
ter, stamped on the inside band at the
waist. Chester F. Wright's Corset Par
lors, 10 Geary street, corner Kearny, first
floor upstairs. •
Funeral of Dr. Parson.
The funeral of Dr. Edward Parson, who
died so suddenly last Thursday, was held
yesterday morning, the services being
conducted In Grace Church. The doctor
wns an active member of this church, and
his efforts in behalf of the cause of reli
gion will live for many a year. The at
tendance at the funeral was very large,
for the doctor was highly esteemed by all
who knew him. His greatest efforts in
behalf of suffering humanity were in re
lieving the pains and distress of the little
ones, by whom he wns dearly beloved.
Salinas' Mayoralty Fight.
SALINAS. April 20.— The Mayoralty |
fight is growing warmer. This evening j
Charles B. Dawson, who brought the i
original suit to oust Mayor Hill, tiled a i
motion through Franeee's attorney to
compel Hill to vacate his seat and to re
strain him from acting until the appeal is j
settled. The hearing was set for April j
25.
Try our »1 Eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
SEATTLE
IS WIDE
AWAKE
Why the Northern
City Gets the Klon
dike Trade.
She Advertises Herself
Everywhere as "the"
Outfitting Point.
But Travelers Say That Her
Inferiority Is Being
Found Out.
A CHANCE FOR THIS CITY.
George E Miles and Dp. Hitchcock of
Boston Tell a Preg
, nant Talo.
Tn the opinion of George E. Miles
and Dr. W. S. D. Hitchcock, two well
known Boston citizens, on their way
to the Klondike regions, the merchants
of this city are not alive to the busi
ness opportunities that their rivals in
Seattle have discovered in the rush for
Alaska's golden shores.
George E. Miles, who has reached
prominence by his cable invention,
which is being used in the big library
at Washington, as manager for the
Mutual Mining and Trading Company
of Boston, is staying at the Occidental.
Mr. Miles stated yesterday that he
was surprised that the merchants of
this city have not displayed more
energy in advertising their wares, al
lowing Seattle merchants to get the
cream of the Klondike traffic.
"I came here from Boston with the
idea of looking for the best place in
which to buy goods and to out/It our
company," said Mr. Miles. "Having
heard and read of Seattle as the best
place to buy things, I went there, and
was surprised to find after a long ex
amination that the goods sold there
were of a very inferior quality. I also
found prices to be higher than they
are here.
"As I was unable to charter a vessel
at a reasonable figure, I came down
to San Francisco and was surprised
at the excellence of the outfits and the
easy time I had in chartering a ves
sel.
"The reason why Seattle is getting
much of the Klondike trade is because
they are extensive advertisers. Boston
people contemplating going north en
ter a railroad office in their city and
are informed that Seattle is the best
place to embark from. On the streets
men with placards on their backs and
dressed in Klondike outfits parade the
streets, advertising Seattle, while not a
line about this city is seen.
"I learned to-day that bureaus of in
formation were established throughout
the Eastern States by your merchants,
but not a word was heard from them.
"Then again there is very little ad
vertising done in your local papers and
if a person desires to order an outfit he
has to walk the streets until he finds
a big sign informing him that goods
can be purchased there.
"There are still many thousands of
New England people who are going to
visit the Alaska regions, and the soon
er the local merchants awaken to the
situation the better it will be for them."
Dr. W. S. D. Hitchcock, a well-known
physician from the "Hub," who will ac
company the expedition, substantiat
ed what Mr. Miles said, and added fur
ther that he intended to lay In a large
supply of drugs, which he would buy in
this city. He stated that the chances
of buying goods cheaper in this cit>
were so good that he telegraphed to Se
attle to two other members of the party
to come to this city.
As an example of the enterprise dis
played by the Seattle merchants, he
showed telegrams that he had received
to the effect that they would journey
here if they could do business with him.
''MEMBERS' NIGHT"
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Over 400 Methodists Answer to
the Rollcall of the
Church.
SANTA CRUZ, April 20.— "Members'
night" wns celebrated this evening at the
Methodist jubilee. Although especially
for members of the church, every one
was welcome. Fifty years ago there were
twelve members; to-day there are over
400 names on tl.e roll. There was a small
Sunday school; now there is a Sunday
school enrollment of over 300 children in
the main school and the branch school in
East Santa Cruz. Then tnere was no
Young People's Society; now Santa Cruz
has the largest Christian Endeavor So
ciety in the county, with over a hun
dred members, besides an intermediate
and a Junior Christian Endeavor So
ciety and a junior endeavor connected
with the East Santa Cruz Chapel.
A pleasant feature to-day was the re
ceipt of a congratulator telegram from
Evangelist Yatman, who will commence
a series of evangelistic 'eetings in con
nection with the church two weeks hence.
They are to be held at the armory.
Rev. W. W. Case, presiding elder of the
San Francisco district, arrived to-day
1 and presided this evening at the member
: ship rollcall meeting. The services opened
with an anthem by the choir, followed by
prayer. The stirring fellowship rr- -n,
"Blest Be the Tie That Binds. " was sung,
and then the roll of over 400 names was
called.
ILLEGAL DRAWING
OF TWO PENSIONS.
Greed of a Veteran Leads to His
Detection and Conviction in
the District Court.
NEW YORK, April 20.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Benjamin
Dorwart was convicted to-day before
Chief Justice Bingham of the District
Court on a charge of illegally drawing
two pensions. Dorwart was a soldier in
the regular army, and as such applied in
1875 for a pension. He w»s allowed $10 a
month. He had also been a volunteer,
and in 1889 he applied for a pension for
this service. He stated in his application
that he was not a pensioner, and the bii
reau took his word for it. although both
applications were made out In the same
name. The bureau issued to Dorwart an
other certificate calling for $17 a month.
From that time until February of this
year he continued to draw both pensions,
bne being paid at the San Francisco
agency and the other at the Philadelphia
agenc'v. Dorwart might have continued
to defraud the Government for years had
he not made an application in January for
an increase in his $17 pension. Then it
was found that he was already drawing
two pensions. He is suffering from dis
eases of the stomach, is par"alyzed in one
arm and deaf in one ear. In view of the
fact that most of his troubles are due to
his army service the jury recommended
him to the mercy of the court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W^i; OFFICIAL Cloudy.
jQi OFFICIAL Cloudy.
»/ »/ Bi^^ WEATHER Fresh southwesterly winds.
. ;
gL^ -—«. **-M >-». New Ladies' Parlor Now Open.
New Catalogue for out-of-town patrons,
.. FREE -
a fond adieu!
» Yesterday was a day of enthusiasm — thousands of little chil-
dren caught up the refrain which greeted the boys from the Pre-
sidio. These soldier boys, after twelve years in our sunny Golden
State — twelve years of peace — now go to the front, We only
re-echo the sentiments of the people of this city when we say,
"God bless 'em! 1
There isn't a man or woman just now who is not more or less
interested in the war or rumors of war. See our window display t
"California will do her duty."
A TRIBUTE TO THE BOYS FROM THE PRESIDIO.
Hats off! Hats off!
Along Market street there comes In measured ranks hearts of steel/
A blare of bugles, ruffle of drums. They'll do their duty,
A flash of color beneath the sky. Come woe or weal.
Hats off! Cheer the colors as they —
Our boys — the boys of the Presidio — There's many a sad home to-nigh^—
, Are passing by! The Presidio boys have passed by.
We place on sale at 8 A. M. to-day
the following new goods — on sale
until the line is completely sold out :
Ladies' Black Figured. Gros Grain 1 /V\uslin Good heavy quality— • (
~. . j Silk Skirts — black satin p. 3 tucks with 3-inch!
oKlriS. figured — a special pur- L/lciWCrS. embroidery ruffle on ■
chase by our Silk Skirts — black satin bottom — every pair well made— 3-inch !
kIrTS. figured — a special pur- i LTaWcrS. embroidery ruffle on
eby our Eastern buyer. d?C i b°^ om — every pair well made — OQ/»
Hale's q><3 regular value 35c. Hale's ZOO
lack and Navy Blue Serge Skirts, Q , ™ Fine Soft-finished m » 'i
'.., a. I Cnr«sPt 0' Fine Soft-finished Mus-
hned throughout with perca me and |in v _ sh d and ;
bound with velvet-a large lot bought Covers | ow neck-tucked and em- ,
by us very reasonably from manu- mo broid trimmed _ sizes 32 to nr.
facturer " Hale s *° \ 40-regular 50c Hale's OOC
Ladies' Black Cheviot Jackets —
1 1.4. 21 inches long % front White Fine Soft-finished Mus- ■
JaCKetS. — coa t back flapici,* j lin — umbrella — deep
pockets — lined throughout with silk — I oKITIS flounce with 2|-inch em- ;
sizes 34 to 40. An rr\ \ broidery ruffle on bottom regu- Cf\ n
Hales /-OU jarj | ar value 85c. Hales OUC
BLACK SILK GRENADINES.
First complete spring display of the new gauze effects
in Grenadines. Nothing more popular — a combination
of silk and wool, enduring and economical. The "La-
dies' Home Journal" and "Vogue" specially comment
on these dress fabrics. We show them in 6 qualities,
42 and 45 inches wide.
$1, $1.25, $1.50, $2.50, $2.75, $3 per yard.
Twenty hands in our Millinery workroom — on the floor sales*
ladies who display our latest effects in headgear.
HALES
(San Francisco's Most Progressive Dry-Goods House),
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET.
3-Day Specials !
Matchless Bargains,
HAMS, per 1b...... Jlc
Finest Eastern. . .
Regular price 13c.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot.. 15c
"Ideal Brand," absolutely pure.
Regular price 20c.
BRANDY— California 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
Gallon $3.00
9 years old.
Recommended by physicians.
Regular price $1 and $4.
English Mustard (Keen's) i-Ib. tin We
i-lb.tinlsc
Manufactured in London,
and is equal to Colman's.
Regular price 15c and 20c.
ANGELICA WINE 35c .... 3 bots. $1.00
Old, Rood and pure.
Regular price 50c.
21 STOCKTON 5T.,73253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer in
FoTeign and California Coke.
. YARD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
IKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer in
lign and Galifornia Coke.
YARD :
) to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Bealc Street.
OFFICE— BI3 FOLSOM STREET.
DR.MGNULTI
»TITrS V.F.I.L KNOWN AND ItKLIABI/E Or.T)
JL Specialist cures I'rlvate.Nervolis.HtoodaiKl akin
Diseases of Men nnty. Manly Power restore*). Over
20years' experience. Rend for Book, free.l'atients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 0 to 3
<lally;6:30 toS.3oev'es. SjndHys,lotol2. ConaaJt*-
tloafree and sacredly contideutic 1 . ; fail oradaresa
. P.BOSCOE Mc.VVI.TT, W. I>..
2C^ Kearajr street, San FrxscUco. tat
?8 %»ft » S2 » S3 B£3 !8 S3 £2 8
% CASH OR LTTTLE-AT-A-TIMB. |
! i
s € \ Piiil s
■ i
•* 88
8S A large WILLOW ROCKER, with jj
25 high back and — just the thing gg
88 for warm weather. A special this «-
gS week at NOONAN'S for...s3 # 75 ~
SS — a
ss J. NOON I
|S 1017-1023 Mission Street, a
|s 516-522 Minna Street, 88
.*! Above Sixth.
i " phone South 14. Open Evenings. *
fg 88 83 83 S3 S3 83 83 S3 83 83 83 88" 83 88 88
"~8. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH PI IP
PERSIAN ll Ulill
' With his last stock, before his departure to
Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
j At 106-10S Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
; As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
' N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
/* D li V ""FADED HATR RESTORED to
UK AY ggJ^tk^aiaS^li
troves dandruT an 1 scalp tilsea»e. Don', gtßla
skin. ( oven BALD -p.T.-. Absolutely harmless!
l^irgft hottlo* 5!) cents, at dnij»iri»tB. HeUU aeentt.
ALLS: COlfiflK. KEDtNOTOiTA (XL- - ■"*'«',