VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 5.
FEAT OF VALOR THAT
ASTONISHED THE WORLD
CERVERA IS
NOW BEYOND
ALL HOPE.
' American Siege Guns Will
Batter His Ships
to Pieces.
CALL OFFICE, RIGGS HOUSE,
WASHINGTON, JUNE 4. £
The brave deed of Constructor Hobson *!
and seven men of the Merrimac is the talk a
of Washington to-night. Naval officers de- S
clare that this feat will rank as one of the f,
most daring and brilliant episodes in naval «
.•history. s*
Admiral Sampson's cablegram '
rvn-iy .gave the name of Con
ftriictbr Hobson, but it is as
sumed that the others may have
been the regular crew of the
Merrimac.
As soon as the names are re
ceived, together with fuller de
tails. Congress will pass a resolu
tion of thanks and will authorize
medals to be struck by the Phil
w adelphia Mint in recognition of
thebravcry of each of the eight
men. It is understood that "Rep- ;
rcspntative Boutelle. chairman of
the. House Naval Affairs Com
mittee, will present the resolu
tion on Monday, if by that time
fuller details have been received
from an official source.
Admiral Sampson's brief cable
reports stated that the. flag of
truce was sent by Cervera in
recognition of the bravery of the
eight men. It is certain, then,
that although they are held as
prisoners of war, they are in no
danger. The request of Admiral
Sampson that they be exchanged
for the Spanish prisoners of war
at Atlanta, was, it is believed,
based on an understanding of this
kind between the truce parties.
In the absence of detailed in
formation it is impossible for ex
perts to form a correct idea of the
'efficacy of the blockade formed
i; by the Merrimac's wreck. They
Were this afternoon without defi
■\ nite information as to the where
abouts of the wreck. The hydro
graphic charts published by the
Navy Department show the nar
; r owest as well as shallowest point
to be between Estrella and Can
ones Points, where the navigable
. channel seems to be less than a
... sixteenth of a mil.c in width, while
". there are but five fathoms (thirty
fret) of water.
..If the land batteries have been
reduced by this time our war
. ships will be able to harass the
Spaniards should they attempt to
clear away the debris, but if. as
■ stated in press dispatches re
:.! ceived to-day, the forts have not
..all been silenced, it may be possi
ble for the Spaniards to blow up
the wreck and clear the channel.
";•;;"•. It is assumed that the vessel's
<?ar.go of coal had been removed
.'.'and iron and stone substituted.
'■In this case, War Department
engineers say the work of clear
ing the channel will be almost im
: possible. At 'any rate it would
..consume several days, in the face
•Of the fire from our squadron. By
■ that time it is believed the forts
will have been demolished.
jf ..The news that our transports
.. conveying troops from Mobile
are under way indicates that the
entire expedition has either.
The San Francisco Call
cleared or will sail within a few
hours, for it was understood that
they would go together. War
Department officials decline to
give any information or even to
hazard a guess as to the time of
their arrival at the point of de
barkation, but the general opin
ion is that the troops will be
landed some time on Wednesday
next, and it is expected by the
end of next week news will come
that our troops have taken the
town of Santiago.
Admiral Cervera is now be
yond a\\ hope. No naval battle
is expected now. for while the
Merrimac's wreck prevents the
egress of the Spanish vessels, it
will, of course, obstruct the en
trance of our own vessels.
Siege guns will batter Cer
vera's ships to pieces from the
high hills and he will not be able
to reply. Neither can he expect
any relief from other quarters, for
PRESENTATION ON BEHALF of the San Francisco Cbamber of Conferee of a Stand of Colors to the Gallant
Seventh; California Regiroent at Its Old Carop Site at the Presidio.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
RICHMOND P. HOBSON, U. S. N.
President McKinley to-day re
ceived reliable information that
the so-called "reserve squadron"
of Spain was still anchored at
Cadiz. It could not possibly
cross in less than ten days. By
this time all will be over, and
operations will probably have
commenced at San Juan, Porto
Rico.
Assistant Secretary of War
Meiklejohn stated to-day that the
second expedition to the Philip
pines will sail not later than next
Wednesday.
DARING OF
HOBSON AND
HIS MEN
Honors for Heroes Who ■ £
Proved Themselves
"Corkers."
Copyrighted. 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett. " "■■■....*
CAPE HAYTIEN, June 4.— More particulars
were received here to-day about the sinking of
the collier Merrimac in addition to those I cabled
you last night. The Merrimac entered the harbor
of Santiago de Cuba early in the morning and was
sunk by her own crew. Naval Constructor Hob
son, who was in charge of her, exploded a tor
pedo and she went down almost instantly. The
eight men who were on her jumped on a raft and
were made prisoners.
Great admiration was expressed by the Span
ish officers at the daring deed. Admiral Cervera
communicated with the American squadron and
offered to exchange the prisoners, but the result
of the negotiations is not known here.
While the American fleet was bombarding the
fortifications the insurgents began to attack the
city from the rear, but, according to Spanish re
ports, were easily repulsed after they had sus
tained severe losses.
The city of Santiago de Cuba is in a state of
panic and food is becoming scarcer every day.
LATER— I have received the following advices
from Santiago de Cuba: Yesterday morning from
half past 10 to half past 11 the American fleet
reopened fire on the batteries. Details are lack
ing.
Yesterday twenty American ships could be
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
seen cruising in front of
Santiago de Cuba. Four
ironclads could be dis
tinctly made out among
them. To-day only sev
enteen ships are to be
seen. Three are missing,
and are believed to have
gone to fetch arms and
ammunition.
()X BOARD THE ASSO
CIATED PRESS DISPATCH
BOAT DAUNTLESS, OFF
SANTIAGO, via Kingston, Ja
maica. June 4. — Rear Admiral
Sampson, during Friday morn-r
ing, decided to close the narrow
harbor entrance to Santiago de
Cuba by sinking the collier Mer
rimac, loaded with coal, in the
channel. • He called for volun
teers to go to almost certain
death, and 4000 men offered
themselves. Lieutenant H'obson
and seven men were chosen, and
at 3 a. m. Friday morning the
Merrimac, under her own steam,
entered the channel under a ter
rible Spanish fire.
The vessel was riddled with pro
jectiles, but she anchored and
swung around. Lieutenant Hob
son then set off an internal tor
pedo with an electric attachment.
There was an explosion, the Mer
rimac sank and the channel was
closed, and, apparently. Admiral
Cervera will be unable to escape.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, June 4.
— Hobson and the hero crew of
the Merrimac were saved in the
following manner: Unable, after
the sinking of their vessel, to
make their way back through the
! storm of shot and shell, they
rowed into the harbor to the
Spanish flagship and were taken
on board unharmed. The Span
ish Admiral, under a flag of truce.2
on Friday sent word to the Amer
ican Admiral that he offered to
exchange the prisoners, adding
that in the meanwhile Hobson
and his party would be treated
with the greatest kindness.
WASHINGTON. June 4.—
The only Hobson in the list of
officers in the naval register i?
Richmond P. Hobson. a naval
constructor, who is a lieutenant
of the junior grade. He was ap
pointed an assistant naval con
structor in 1891. He entered the
navy from Alabama.
DRIFTED ASHORE ON
AN OLD CATAMARAN.
How Hobson and His Brave Crew
Escaped After Sinking the
Merrimac.
KTXOSTOX, Jamaica, June 4—Lieu
tenant Hobson appears to have car
ried out his: plan to the smallest de
tails, except as regards the methods
of escaping. The rowboat, in which
the crew were to attempt to escape,
was either blown up or shot to pieces,
for Lieutenant Hobson and his men
drifted ashore on an old catamaran,
"-which was slung over the ship's side
at the last moment as an extra precau
tion. Upon ranching shore the men
were taken prisoners and sent to San
tiago City undo! guard. Later they
were taken to Morro <'astle, where
they are now.
Captain Oveido, Admiral Cervera's
chief of. staff, who boarded the New
York under a flag of truce, does not
give further details of the capture.
The bravery of the Americans evi
dently excited a* much admiration
among the Spaniards as it did among
the men of the American fleet. The
prisoners will be perfectly safe and will
probably be well treated while they re
main in Morrn Castle. The fleet is wild
with delight to-night over the termina
tion of the most daring expedition since
the destruction of the Confederate iron
clad Albemaiie by Lieutenant Cush
ing in 1R64. The admiral is Just as glad
as the youngest Jackie.
Captain ("hadwick of the flagship
New York, who is usually conservative,
in speaking of the incident said:
"Splendid, splendid. Too much cannot
be said about it."
The general opinion is that no man
ever deserved recognition by Congress
for personal bravery more than does
Lieutenant Hobson. His work was well
done and his men are safe. When he
started on the expedition a few thought
he could accomplish his object. Offi
cers of the fleet who were questioned
as to whether Captain Oviedo could
have had any ulterior design in visit
ing the New York under a flag of truce
scouted the suggestion, saying that the
visit was prompted by pure chivalry on
the part of the Spaniards and was no
ble of them.
Clausen, the New York's coxswain,
went on the Merrimac against orders.
Nothing could have kept him from that
trip into the jaws of death. It is
probable that the Spaniards will try to
blow up the Merrimac, but improbable
that they will succeed. Speculation is
rife as to the exact details of how
Lieutenant Hobson managed to blow
himself and ship up and live to tell the
tale. His heroism has cleared up the
situation well. The Spaniards are now
doubly hemmed in.
At quarters of the New York last
evening Chaplain Royce, praying be
fore the bareheaded crew on deck,
thanked God for having preserved
Lieutenant Hobson and the men under
him.
Cadet Powell, who was the last man
to see Lieutenant Hobson before his
start and who had charge of the launch
during its perilous trip, after much
needed sleep told the story of his ex
perience. He paid:
"Lieutenant Hobson took a short
sleep for a few hours, which was of
ten interrupted. At a quarterof 2o'clock
he came on deck and made final in
spection, giving his last instructions.
Then we had a little lunch. Hobson
was as cool as a cucumber. About 2:30
o'clock I took the men who were not
going on the trip into the launch and
started for the Texas, the nearest ship,
but had to go back for one of the as
sistant engineers, whom Hobson finally
compelled to leave. I shook hands with
Hobson the last of all. He said:
'Powell, watch the boat's crew when
we pull out of the harbor. We will be
cracks, rowing thirty strokes to the
minute."
"After leaving the Texas I saw the
Merrimar steaming Slowly in. It was
only fairly dark then, and the shore
was quite visible. We followed about
three-quarters of a mile astern. The
Merrimac stood about a mile to the
westward of the harbor and seemed a
bit mixed, turning completely around,
finally heading east, then ran down
and turned in. We were then chafing
because I thought Hobson had lost his
bearings. When Hobson was about 200
yards from the harbor the first gun was
fired from the eastern bluff. We were
then half a mile off shore, close under
the batteries. The firing Increased
rapidly. We steamed in "slowly and
lost sight of the Merrimac in the smoke,
which the wind carried off shore. It
hung heavily.
"Before Hobson could have blown up
the Merrimac the western battery pick
ed up and commenced firing. They
shot wild, and we only heard the shots.
We ran In still closer to shore, and the
gunners lost sight of us. Then we
heard the explosion of the torpedoes on
the Merrimac.
"Until daylight we waited just out
ride the breakers, half a mile to the
westward of Morro, keeping a bright
lookout for the boat or for swimmers,
but saw nothing. Hobson had arranged
to meet us at that point, but thinking
that some one might have drifted out,
we crossed in front of Morro and the
mouth of the harbor to the eastward.
About 5 o'clock we crossed the harbor
again within a quarter of a mile and
stood to the westward.
"In passing we saw one spar of the
CAMARA IN NO HURRY
TO TAKE A THRASHING.
MADRID, June 4. — I have just received information from
a friend in Cadiz that Admiral Camara expects to leave with
the reserve squadron within a fortnight.
HOBSON'S NOBLE COMRADES.
PORT ANTONIO, Hayti, June
3. — The men who accompanied Lieu
tenant Hobson were:
SAMUEL L. MONTAGUE.
GEORGE CHARETTE.
J. E. MURPHY.
OSCAR DEIGNAN.
JOHN P. PHILLIPS.
JOHN KELLEY.
All non-commissioned or enlisted
men.
Merrimae sticking out of the water. We
hugged the shore just outside of the
breakers for a mile and then turned
toward the Texas, when the batteries
saw us and opened fire. It was then
broad daylight. The first shot fired
dropped eighty yards astern, but the
Other shots went wild. I drove the
launch for all she was worth, finally
making the New York. The men be
haved splendidly."
The news of Lieutenant Hobson's
safety lifted a great load from Powell's
mind. Probably no other details of this
marvelous trip will be known until
Lieutenant Hobson gets back.
Some heavy firing was done shortly
before midnight by the New York and
New Orleans, aimed at what was
thought to be a small gunboat, which
disappeared. - Whether she was sunk
or not is not known. The firing took
place to the eastward of Morro.
WITH THE AMERICAN FLEET
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 3.—
(Via Mole St. Nicholas, Hayti, June
4). — All the members of the M°rrimac
expedition are safe. Only twi, of them
were slightly injured, and their names
are not known. Lieutenant Hobson
was not hurt. All of the Merrimac's
men are held as prisoners of war.
The news of their wonderful escape
was sent to Admiral Sampson by Ad
miral Cervera, the Spanish admiral be
ing so struck with the couragre of the
Merrimac's crew that he thought Ad'
miral Sampson should know that they
had not lost their lives. Admiral Cer
vera's chief of staff. Captain Oviedo,
boarded the New York, under a flag
of truce, bearing the announcement of
the safety of the Merrimac's men and
returning' with a supply of provisions
and money for the prisoners.
HEROES OF SANTIAGO
SOON TO BE EXCHANGED
No Time to Be Lost in Securing the
Release of Hobson and
His Men.
NEW YORK. June 4.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Naval Constructor Hobson and the
seven brave men who assisted him in
sinking the Merrimao, who were all
taken prisoners by Admiral Cervera,
will be liberated as soon as possible.
It is the belief of the authorities here
that General Blanco and Admiral Cer
vera will not hesitate to agree to an
exchange of prisoners.
As soon as Admiral Sampson's report
of the sinking of the Merrimac and cap
ture of Naval Constructor Hobson and
his men had been received a confer
ence was held at the White House be
tween President McKinley and Secre
tary Alger and Assistant Secretary Al
len, at which it was decided to author
ize Admiral Sampson to open negotia
tions for the exchange of the prison
ers. The admiral was instructed by
cable to do so, and he was also told
to send at once the names and ratings
of. the men who were captured with
Constructor Hobson, so that arrange
ments can be made to exchange Span
ish prisoners of the same relative rank
for them.
Mr. Gollen, the British Consul-Gen
eral at Havana, who is charged with
looking after American interests in
Cuba during the war, will be negotiat
ing 1 with General Blanco for the ex
change at the same time that Admiral
Sampson, is negotiating with Cervera.
It is proposed that Spanish prisoners
now at Atlanta be taken to Key West
and transferred from there to Havana
under a flag pf truce at the same time
that Hobson and his men are delivered
to Sampson under a -flag of truce at
Santiago. Secretary Alger told me this
afternoon that there were enough
Spanish prisoners of war at Atlanta
to exchange for all the Americans who
were captured at Santiago, and that
he was satisfied there would be no trou
ble in arranging the exchange.
SAMPSON WILL NOT
LOSE HIS ADVANTAGE
So the Admiral Is Not Likely to
Permit the Bemoval of the
Merrimac Wreck.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The naval
situation i& believed to be entirely sat
isfactory. Notwithstanding the Span
ish reports of the clearing away of the
Merrimac, it is not believed for an in
stant that Sampson will submit to los
ing this so dearly purchased advantage,
and he can be relied upon to prevent
the removal of the obstruction.
The Spanish fleet caged inside the
harbor, there to remain until they are
starved out or surrender, Sampson will
be free to detach most of his powerful
squadron for service elsewhere. This
means, according to common belief,
immediate attack upon San Juan.
Of the Cadiz fleet no fear is enter
tained. Notwithstanding the many pub
lished reports, probably an- ascribable
to Spanish ingenuity, to the effect that
this fleet has already started for either
the West Indies or the Philippines, it
can be stated that the Government has
information which it regards as reli
able that the Snanifih fleet had not left
Cadiz up to yesterday.
MADRID CELEBRATING
THE SANTIAGO "VICTORY."
Queen Regent Orders Congratulations
to Be Sent to the Harbor's
Defenders.
MADRID, June 4. — The version of
the sinking of the Merrimac, which
has reached the Minister of Marine
here. Captain Aunon, from Santiago,
is as follows: A Spanish vessel In
front of Santiago has sunk an Ameri
can auxiliary cruiser. All the mem
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
LEADER OF THE BAND OF NAVAL HEROES.
Richmond Pearson Hobson is a native of Alabama and entered the Naval Academy May
21, 1885, at the early age of 14 years 9 months. He was the youngest naval cadet at the academy,
but by natural ability and hard study managed to get pretty close to the top and stood No. 3 at
the yearly examinations in the fourth and third class. His competitors for the lead were A. B.
Hoff, now an ensign in the line, and G. H. Rock, assistant naval constructor. At the examination
in June, 1888, Hobson jumped to the head of the class and held it for the next two years, graduat
ing in 1889 No. lin the class of thirty-five. His records during the four years' course were as fol
lows at the annual examinations:
June., 1886 68.25 credits out of 76 possible.
June, 1887 ' 134-75 credits out of 152 possible.
June. 1888 196.23 credits out of 228 possible.
June, 1889 274.40 credits out of 304 possible.
Total for four years. 673.63 credits out of 760, or 88.6 per cent.
In conformity to the system at the Naval Academy which assigns cadets to the different
branches of the naval service according to their preference and proficiency. Hobson and Rock
were selected for the Naval Constructors' Corps, to which the cream of the school goes.
In October, 1890, Hobson was sent to Paris to go through a course of naval architecture
at the Polytechnical School, and returned three years later with honors. He was promoted to as
sistant naval constructor July I, 1891, and in January last stood No. 1 on the list, ready for the pro
motion which is sure to follow his unprecedented exploit.
During the war in the Orient, Hobson was selected by the Secretary of the Navy, upon the
recommendation of Chief Constructor Hichborn, to represent the United States Navy on Japan
ese war vessels, where he could have an opportunity to personally observe modern warfare at sea.
The Bureau of Navigation, under Commodore Ramsay, and the entire line corps made such de
cided objections to what they considered an innovation upon their prerogatives, that the project
was reluctantly abandoned and Assistant Constructor Hobson was left to improve his knowledge in
doing duty at the bureau and at the New York navy yard up to the time when the man and the
occasion seem to have met and fitted.
The act of Mr. Hobson, as an assistant naval constructor, and as such a staff officer with
the complimentary rank of junior lieutenant, cannot but be as highly gratifying to all grades in the
navy as it is to his country at large. It points a leson that no particular branch in the navy has a
right to arrogate to itself all the honors when the dangers and hardships of warfare are shared by
all. There were probably other line officers, with the actual rank which is only grudgingly be
stowed upon staff officers, who were desirous to undertake the work which called for forlorn hope
volunteers, yet Mr. Hobson was chosen and did what was expected of him.
SAMPSON'S REPORT.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The Navy Depart
ment at 3 o'clock received the following dispatch:
"Mole, Hayti, June 4.— Succeeded in sinking
the Merrimac in the channel of Santiago at 4
A. M. June 3. This was carried out most gal
lantly under the command of Naval Constructor
Hobson and seven men. By a flag of truce from
the Spanish admiral, Cervera, sent in recogni
tion of their bravery, I am informed that all
are prisoners of war, two slightly wounded.
Request authority to approve exchange, if possi
ble, between these and prisoners at Atlanta.
Six of the Spanish squadron are in the harbor
of Santiago unable to avoid being captured or
destroyed. SAMPSON."
IMMEDIATE
INVASION OF
PORTO RICO
NEW YORK, June 4.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following,: Porto Rico is now to be the
principal place of operation for the
American forces. The obstruction of
the harbor of Santiago de Cuba by
the pinking of the collier Merrimac
will undoubtedly hasten the movement
that is to be made on San Juan.
I was informed to-day by an officer
in high authority that Porto Rico was
now the point for almost immediate
attack. The United States will be able
to move part of its fleet thither ffom
Santiago de Cuba.
There is no change in the programme
of sending an army to Santiago de
Cuba. In fact it is now en route. In
the opinion of the administration it
would be perfect folly to send an army
to Porto Rico consisting entirely of
volunteer troops. Of course it would be
necessary, owing to the small size of
our regular army, to have the army
partly made up of volunteers, but a
number of regular regiments will be
bers of the crew of th- latter have been
imprisoned. The rest of the enemy's
squadron Immediately retired.
The Spanish version also says that
two ironclads were seriously dam
aged during the engagement. The
Spaniards describe the affair as a bril
liant Spanish victory.
It is officially announced here that
the Spanish Government has received
further dispatches regarding the al
leged victory of the Spaniards at San
tiago de Cuba, but that they will not
be published until they have been con
veyed to the Queen Regent. In the
Meanwhile the report has circulated
that the Spaniards have captured "nu
merous Americans."
The Minister of Marine, Captain Au-.
non, went to the palace at noon to-day
HERALD AND CALL
SCORED A "BEAT"
NEW YORK. June 4.— The Evehing Telegram says:
The Herald this morning was the only paper that told
the real facts attending the sinking of the Merrimac
at the mouth of Santiago harbor. While other papers
were floundering about in attempting to show how
or why she was destroyed the Herald's special cable
dispatch from Cape Haytien ascribed the sinking of
the ship. to Admiral Sampson's purpose to blocK the
harbor entrance and thus prevent the escape of the
Spanish fleet. All the news that reached this city to
day came frorr) the Herald's story, even to the state
ment that the men who tooK the Merrimac into San
tiago harbor volunteered their services for this dan
gerous worl^.
taken from the Fifth army corps.
General Shafter will command the
army at Santiago de Cuba, and Gen
eral Lee will probably command the
army at Porto Rico and be appointed
by the President as Military Governor
of that island. A large force of light
artillery and a corps of infantry and
cavalry will accompany the Porto Rico
expedition.
Active preparations are now being
made in Washington to have the
army designated for Porto Rico ready
to move on the shortest notice. Trans
ports for this army are being chartered
each day. Assistant Secretary Meikle-
John to-day added two first-class ships
to the list of the Government's trans
ports on the Atlantic coast. These
are the Macon and Gate City, which
will be turned over to the Government
at Savannah. Ga. The Louisiana and
Comancho have been ordered to leave
immediately from New York and Sa
vannah. These new boats make a
total of thirty-nine transports that
have been chartered on the Atlantic
coast.
' and read to the Queen Regent an offl
j cial dispatch on the subject of the re
j cent fight at Santiago de Cuba, the
I text of which is as follows:
"At 3 o'clock on Friday morning one
of the enemy's large cruisers and an
auxiliary cruiser attempted to force an
I entrance Into the harbor of Santiago
de Cuba.
"They surprised the scouts guarding
the entrance, but not the artillery at
Fort Morro. The guns of the cruiser
Reina Mercedes, a battery from the
Relna Mercedes, which had been placed
In the Socapa Fort, a torpedo-boat de
stroyer and a torpedo-boat opened fire
on the enemy.
"The American cruiser^ the Merri
mac, was sunk h- our vessels and tor
pedoes, and a large American cruiser
was repulsed at the entrance to the
channel.
"The Reina Mercedes captured one
lieutenant and seven sailors of the
Merrimac. The fate of the rest of
the crew is not known."
The official dispatch adds that twen
ty American ships are before Santiago
de Cuba.
The Queen Repent. It is announced
here, has ordered that a message of
congratulation be telegraphed to the
defenders of .Santiago de Cuba.
The Minister of Marine later In the
day said the wreck of the Merrimac
would not interfere with navigation at
the entrance of the harbor, and he
added that the coal on board the Merri
mac could be recovered and used by the
Spaniards. ,
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day
'Senor Silvela, the Conservative leader,
congratulated the Government on the
"good news from Santiago de Cuba,"
and Senor Salmeron, the Republican
leader, proposed that the congratula
tions of the House be Sent to the Span
ish naval and military leaders in Cuba.
The motion was carried.
Great enthusiasm prevails in the city
over the Spanish reports of the en
gagement at Santiago. Premier Sa
gasta and Captain Aunon, the Minis
ter of Marine, upon leaving the palace,
after informing the Queen Regent of
the affair, told the representatives of
the newspapers that the object of the
Americans was not to force, but to
block the entrance to the channel. Ad
miral Cervera, they allege, was aware
of the intentions of the Americans and
ordered part of his squadron outside to
defend the entrance.
The official dispatches from Santiago
also said that when the Merrimac sank
Admiral Cervera, who was on board a
Spanish warship near by, entered a
small boat and "personally saved the
survivors, who were swimming in the
water."
The people of Madrid consider San
tiago impregnable, basing their belief
on the fact that the defenses of that
place were constructed by the celebrat
ed expert, Ordonez.
ADMIRE AUDACITY
*0F THE AMERICANS.
Even Spaniards at Santiago Praise
the Eravery of Hobson and
• His Men.
PORT AU PRINCE, June 4.— Further
news received here from Santiago de
Cuba confirms the reports that the
bombardment of that place began at 3
o'clock yesterday morning. After the
action the Spaniards blew up with
dynamite the sunken collier Merrimac,
and have since been at work clearing
the channel so as to, in all probability,
permit Admiral Cervera's fleet to put
out to sea should the Cadiz squadron,
under Admiral Camara, arrive in Cu
ban waters to relieve the blockaded
ship*.
In? the meanwhile dispatches from
Santiago de Cuba say the Spaniards
pay tribute to the audacity of the
Americans in so cleverly attempting to
blockade the channel. According to the
Spanish it would be foolishness on the
part of the Americans to attempt to
force the harbor entrance, which is de
scribed as being low and narrow and
thoroughly mined, seemingly forming
an insurmountable barrier.
There are a gre^t number of insur
gents in the vicinity of Santiago, prob
ably waiting for some decisive action
on the part of the American fleet,
which undoubtedly will be the signal
for a land attack upon the town.
ENSIGN BLAKELY A
PHILADELPHIA BOY
When War Was Declared He Was
Assigned to the Merrimac
as Navigator.
PHILADELPHIA. June 4.— Ensign
John Russell Young Blakely of the
Merrimac, who is reported to have been
captured by the Spaniards at Santiago
yesterday, i» a Fhiladelphian, son of
John Blakei: , publisher of the Evening
Star of this city. When the war with
Spain was declared he was assigned to
the Merrimac, of which vessel he was
navigator.
SIMILAR TO A PLAN
FORMED AT WASHINGTON.
But Sampson Did Not Feel Like
Waiting for Barges From New-
York.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— ljt is now
known that the Navy Department
about ten days ago was considering a
plan for closing the harbor at Santi' c "
very similar in general scope ,to that
apparently put into execution yester
day. It was proposed to 'get two large
hulks or scows and to fill them with big
boulders, such as could be easily ob
tained in the neighborhood of New
York.
These were to be lashed on either side
CAN THIS BE THE
CADIZ FLEET?
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon
Bennett.
ST. PIERRE, Martin
ique, June 4.—Fisher
men report seeing a large
fleet of unknown ves
sels off the island this
afternoon steaming
northwest. They also
say that during last night
firing was heard at sea.
This report lacks con
firmation, but its source
seems reliable.
of a tug and run Into the harbor, and '
at the proper time were to be scuttled.
Provision was to be made for the
safety of the crew by attaching to the
tug a torpeda-boat stern foremost. At
the proper nfbment the crew was to go
aboard the torpedo-boat, scuttle the
hulks by an electrical contrivance, and, ;
cutting loose from the hulks, make a
rush for liberty and the open sea. There
are signs that yesterday's project was j
a development of this idea. Probably i
the plan of taking in scows was reject- '
ed by Sampson so as not to waste time
in waiting for such craft.
FRENCH MERCHANTS
EXPRESS FRIENDSHIP.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, June 4.— The firm of Messrs.
Keiper is one of the largest in the Fau
bourg. Antoine M. Coline, one of the j
members of the firm, says that neither I
in his personal relations with those j
about him nor among his workmen j
has he found the slightest hostility to
Americans.
"As to our American customers, I
need scarcely tell you how much store
I set by them and I can assure you
personally that I sympathize with the
United States; but, you see, the war is
badly understood here. It is regarded
as a war of conquest. As to the hos- j
tile feeling agaii.st the United States
you speak of, which is used against us
on the other side, it is not difficult to
determine whose interest it is to em
broil France and the United States. It
is the English. I believe the mischief
started with the newspapers, or at
Least certain newspapers, but it ap- !
pears to me their tone is already less
aggressive."
M. Mercier, the head of another very
large concern, expressed regret at the
general effect of the war on trade.
"As to your question, I can only re- I
ply emphatically, expressing my sym- i
pathies with the Americans, whose >
I genius we admire equally in business I
i affairs and in science, and from whom
Iwe borrow so much. In fact our hab
| its are becoming yearly more and more
American, whereas there is no affinity i
! between the Spaniards and the |
French."
I continued my inquiries among fur
niture and tapestry makers in Rue de
la Perini.
"We cannot understand," said MM.
Perichet and Belzac, "how the senti
ments of the French people can have
been travestied so as to create the be
lief that they are ill-disposed toward
j Americans. Personally our sympa
| thies are entirely with the Americans,
but even if they were not, our inter
ests and the true interests of France
are clearly on the side of the United
States. As to our working people, it
is very difficult to ascertain their sent
iments, but we believe them to be ab
solutely indifferent."
SIGNAL CORPS BALLOON
SQUAD CALLED UPON.
CHICKAMAUGA, June 4.— Some ex
citement was created at camp to-day
when rush orders were received for the
balloon squad of the Signal Corps,
which has been practicing here for a
month or more, to report at once to
Major E. J. Maxfield, chief of the vol
unteer Signal Corps at Tampa. The
squad left at noon for Tampa.
SPAIN'S POSITION
ALMOST HOPELESS
ST. PETERSBURG. June 4.— The
Novoe Vremya says that the sympathy
of most of Europe is undoubtedly with
Spain in the present conflict with the
United States, but there is no denying
the fact that her position is almost
hopeless. Continuing, the Novoe
Vremya says: "After all, Cuba is not
worth Spain's exhausting her resources
to- retain it."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. . Get a ; bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilki and • begin \to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you. "
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
/~'~~~ : : ; ■
ft \ FINE TAILORING
' fflSSSfih PERFECT FIT; BEST OF
■ WORKMANSHIP, at
M^^rllr 25 per cent Less than Olher
• tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
W JOE POHEIM
/ warn All Wool Suits to* i<) , A <fQT
/ HP Order from J)IZ t0 4>oo
Jjl I Pantsfrom ...s4to $ 1 0
;, J^Y'"*^'^ ' 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 ' Market St..
10 and i 1 12 Market St, ' San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS '• |. ;
The Latest:
Price List
for FINE
SHOES;
Xo store in the city has siich
an assortment as. the XOMX-
BROS, store, and none can give;
such low prices. . ; .■ • : :"•
Ladies' Shoes.
Ladies' Fine Kid Lace Shoes, cloth
or kid tops, light, flexible soles,
coin toes, patent leather 4CI "JfSL
Pair. ■
Ladies' Finest Quality Paris Kid,.
Latest Style, Fine. (Vesting: Top
Lace Shoes; latest style coin .toe,-
patent leather tips; a very hand-
some and stylish dress C') ctft
shoe ij>*»sj\f ■
Parr.'
Our celebrated $2 25 Ladies' Shoe;. .
made of the very finest .quality.-
Paris kid, welted sewed soles,'
stitched edges, new style . coin-
toe, patent leather tips; this is the-
most comfortable walking shoe,
made. The soles are medium-,
heavy, but soft and flexible as a
turn sole shoe. ' -
Ladies' Extra Quality Fine Calf
Lace Shoes, coin toe and "tip,-
welted sewed soles, CO F>f|
stitched edges CPX.dy
Pair;- •
. . • ■
. Fine smooth stock is selected for
these shoes; always look ■ neat ;
and will not chip off like kid; for
a neat, stylish, serviceable' shoe- •
this is the greatest ..bargain, ever'
offered. ": vr ' .
• • •
Ladies' Finest Quality Paris' •'Kid '
Button, cloth or kid tops, light,
flexible sewed soles, coin toes,-
pointed toes and square toes;
.patent leather tip 5...... «i'> 50*
Patr. "• •
OUR CELEBRATED •
$3.00 MEN'S SHOES
Made of extra quality selected calf
skin, genuine welted sewed soles,
latest style coin toe and tips; for
'■ comfort, style and durability.
■ Every man should wear a pair of
these shoes; the same shoes you
: pay $5 for all over the coast.
600 pairs Men's Genuine French
Calf Patent Leather Lace Shoes,
pointed toes, hand sewed; reg-
ular price $7 00; wllltti Aft
close out at <3<* '. uu
Pair.'
800 pairs Boys'. Fine French Calf
, Button Shoes, to be <B}l ftft
closed out at ■" vv :
Pair.
Men's Shoes.
Men's Calf Lace Shoes, square and
round toes $2.00
•• ' Pair.
Shoes not as rep-
resented will toe
taken back, and
money refunded.
Our out-of-town patrons can order
by mail just as satisfactorily as if they
purchnsed in the store. Send for any-
thing advertised or found in catalogue.
"Remember the Maine" Souvenir
Buttons free with every purchase. ' ; •
t| Cut this ad out and o :"."'
| Cut this ad out and :'."
| save it to order by. | "".•,
o o
MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY 1
NOLAN BROS,
PHELAN BUILDING.
812-814 Market St. :
' PHONE 5527.
All Noses
Are not eyeglass noses, but If. you
want to wear a nose-glass and ha va
It held on comfortably by improved
guards the best place to so to is" ,
MwuMJMq
PHOTOG^ r SCIEMTIFIC %
642 Market st. instruments
UMDtR CnomCit BviOmb
•• • : _— .
DIRECT - -. .
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change; new
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. Tickets on
salel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars.
■D"DTTOIJI7CJ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DilU OHJjO « S> ■, bootblacks bath-
-houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, , candy-makers, . canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries; paper-
hangers, s printers, v painters, ■ shoe ' factorlea,*
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
... .\ -■■" ■■••>. ■■■■■ : ■■ . _- -. ~ -- - '
ARCHITECT «J. E. WOLFE, '
SI FLOOD -BUILDING, pledges results en-
tirely satisfactory to every fair-minded ; owner
as to cost, quality. and otherwise in the erection
of BRICK or FRAME buildings of every char-
acter. : SPECIALTIES IN FLATS, containing
all modern comforts and " niceties, to lnsur*
quick renting and retain good tenants.EFFORTS TO
SECURE AID
Spain Fails to Enlist France
and Germany in Her
Cause.
Russia as a Prime Mover for In
tervention in the Hispano-
American War.
•BERLTX, June 4.— The past w*ek has
witnessed Important negotiations be
tween Germany, Russia and France,
Russia- this time being the prime mover,
fer intervention in the Hispano-Ameri
can war. Upward of a fortnight ago
Russia approached France with this
: in view, and direct communica
bi tween the Czar and fount Mura
the Russian Minister for Foreign
Affairs. •■;- th one Bide and President
■Faure and M. Hanotaux, the French
/.Minister for Foreign Affairs, on the
other.
'Although France at the outbreak of
:..the war was most anxious to bring
:-about intervention it is now positively
notwithstanding that Russia gave
it sh< w.mld back up any
that France has flatly re-
to participate in renewed efforts
■in. this direction. It was owing to this
ry refusal, so greatly at vari
•■■■ ■ 's former attitude,
: L< on y Castillo, the S]
went to Madrid
between Spain
-■".and France were s. nor Cas
tillo has now returned to Paris bearing
haJ and specific offers of the ex
efinite understanding be
a the two powers in regard t" the
The main feature of the Spanish of-
Is the cession t< France of a num
.:' .oai depots in the Balearic and
ry Islands, which would he of im
• to France in tho event
naval war in the Mediterranean.
Lppears, however, mosi doubtful
nee will a pt this offer,
French Government has about
. . . •■. that the preservation of the
i~h! ( i of the United States is more
tant than improving the relations
th S] In. No reply has yet
ade l'. 1 France either to Senor
lo or :., the Spanish Government.
there is strong evidence that the
•v, when made, will not be wh.it
...■ Spatn
■; In the meanwhile Russia has ap
yf : Germany with a similar offer
■ t a new 'ffori at joint Inter
tion. Count Ostensacken, the Rus-
■ : :■' Germany, has had
ngi t< r\ lews with Baron
Buelow, th-- German Minister for
■■ :eh Affairs, this week, bin i; <nn
many has unequivo
■ fused t'i join the proposed at-
t at Intervention at the present
neror William, who is fully in
■ 1 in regard to these negotiations,
• lent: conference with Baron yon
.v. on Wednesday last, and fully
• • ittei i attii
• German Government acutely
the anomalous position which has
■ created by the fact that while the
inment and the Inspired press
Btly desire an unbroken continu
•: the friendship of the rnited
IS per cent of the newspapers
i !'!>• persist in venting their
: en against the Government ami the
: ■■)' America.
;\ question which has been repeatedly
seriously discussed in Government
• s here is whether something could
• he done t" put a stop to the per-
i it anti-American newspaper cam
. n. as It is highly injurious to na
il interests, but no law has been
•;■ found which is applicable to the rase.
. : '.in the meanwhile the German news
■:-.''"papers continue to display news un
to the United States, most of
■ . whj.h is without truth. The alleged re
cent Spanish victory at Santiago de
.Cuba has been enlarged up<m with ac
companying comments affirming its
: truth.
A majority of th" papers continue to
charge the Americans with cowardice
.. in. as they put it, failing to meet the
.Spaniards, whose fin-res, it is alleged,
"are so disproportionately small com
■l with the American force." All
■it-he news from Spanish sources is be-
/' { ilteyed, ■ whereas information from
':' ■■••Aine.Tiran sources is promptly branded
I:' .-as. doubtful or as being lies. Many
: ..r '■'. papers, as well as Individuals, express
. ■ fhe- ' cdnviction that "the Americana
■'"•-"■, r/Vuld never, without the help of Engr
.■•'.la:nd, conquer Spain or seize Cuba,"
i '••"• .All. attempts to set public opinion in
.•■•this country right have been rendered
.'futile by the refusal of the German
; ; : newspapers to publish communications
-..:!■ and. news tending in that direction.
••;Even corrections of planner misstate
; :"n"ients sent out by the American Em
•,.bassy' here have not always been
■ printed.
.. The news of the conclusion of the
.Franco-American reciprocity treaty
• .displeases Germany. The Tageblatt
'•• T-mments on it as follows: "The main
: fa^t if* that France has obtained con
• .,:"cessi6ns : from the United ritatrs. while
ar« still in the midst of a sugar
■ 'isr th^re". That we will be pleased
■• with this, nobody expects, but it Is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OSAVE YOUR TEETH, 171
NO PAIN! NO PAIN! iLitifiJ£
YE THEM TREATED, WITHOUT RAIN....
FILLED, at *
CROWNED V "1 /
EXTRACTED J
1:V1 :V ■'■;./.■ THE USUAL COST.
.- PLATES, WARRANTED TO FIT, WITH FREE EXTRACTION, FROM $4.50 .
OOLO FILLINGS. FROM 75c I
: f?RIIKJEV.ORK A SPECIALTY (PER TOOTH), FROM $3.50 \
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT F»/\IIN.
••;-.'■•• NO GAS! NO CHLOROFORM!
...CONSULTATION FREE. ALL WORK WARRANTED.
» Op ™ Kvrning> SundayF ! ' a - METROPfII ITfl" DENTAL PARLORS,
, P.P. S. 927 MARKET STREET,
Over Cafe Zinkand. Ifth Floor— Elevator.
doubtful whether the present moment
would be well chosen for the resump
tlon of negotiations, which appear to
b<- deadlocked. America, we are sorry
to say. ;s; s very stubborn with us, well
knowing that we cannot do without
such American products :it petroleum."
German exporters, it is announced,
will shortly memorialize the Govern
ment on the questions involved in the
Fi:i no i- America n treaty.
A new political party, styled National
socialists, winch has I n formed
throughout Germany, is making great
efforts to insure its Buccess In the com
ing elections. The party is strongly
nationalistic, with tendencies toward
all kinds of social reforms and greater
political liberties. Many prominent
persons have joined its ranks.
The Prussian Government will short
ly issui decrees that a special decora
tion ho conferred on "Moncharic" la
borers and trades people who have
sworn their loyal convictions for thirty
years or upward. The Government and
the Emperor believe that this action
will tend to check the inroads of so
cialism among: the working people.
Emperor William has pardoned Dr.
Ruslng, who killed his colleague. Dr.
Fischer, in a duel at Bonn, after, as
•alleged, seducing Dr. Fischer's wife.
Lieutenant General yon Derhyde
('"lts has been selected to take tho
place of General Vogel yon Falken
stein as Inspector general of fortresses.
The latter suddenly resigned his office
In consequence of a disagreement with
Emperor William in regard to the for
tiflcattons at Metz.
The newspapers here are urging the
people of this country to use Russian
instead of American petroleum in older
to free themselves "from the insuf
ferable tyranny of the American petro
leum ring."
Professor Stoerek of the Greifswald
University, In an article In the Deut-
BChe Revu, a high-class monthly, under
the caption; "^American International
Rights," says: "America has no right
to Interfere in Cuba." and continuing
h^ says he rejects Monroeism as "dan
gerous to the whole world."
The professor then says: "A country
where lynch law survives Is unfit to
play the judge of other countries."
Professor Stoerek also says he ex
pects a Kurnpean coalition against the
United States to be an outcome of tho
present war. contending that this is
scary In order to protect the rights
<.f ihe European continent in the cjues
tions of production and consumption.
GOLD LOST WITH THE
WRECKED CLARA NEVADA
Force of Men Attempting to Recover
Treasure From the Sunken
Vessel.
VANCOUVER, June 4.— The most inter
• sting news brought from- the North by
the Tartar, which arrived early this
morning;, is that strenuous efforts are
being raaiip to Ret at gold supposed to
have gone down with the 111-fated Clara
Nevada. The wreck is near Eldred Rock,
thirty miles south of Bkaguay. When
the Tartar passed the spot a tup, a scow
and BeveraJ small boats and a dozen men
with complete diving outfits were at
work.
Pilot Jones of the Tartar is responsible
for the statement that there in $100,000 in
gold, brought out by Klondikers, in the
wreck. Just b* fore he left Bkaguay, he
says, he met a man named Wilson from
Sea til i who claimed to have been ac
quainted with several of the Nevada's
passengers and who had a brother on the
craft. This brother had 138.000 in gold,
which he took on board, and a fellow pas
senger had $60,000 or (70.000 in gold.
The present operations ore for the pur
pose of petting at this gold and also to
obtain, if possible, the purser's books, by
which the names of the passengers can
be ascertained. The wreckers have
worked so quietly that their operations
are hardly known in Skaguay. and it is
not known that they are expected to in
terfere with the wreck. Pilot Jones says
that in a few days full particulars of the
wreck will be made public. He is confi
• i'-iii that Wilson's story of gold in the
wreck Is correct.
HARVEST FEAST OF
SAN JOSE GRANGE
Products of the Santa Clara Valley
Delight the Palates of Ban
queters.
PAN' JOSE, June 4.— The members of the
San Jose Grange to-day enjoyed their an
nual harvest feast. Th«rr> were delicacies
of all kind*, and thp repast was greatly
enjoypd. A short musical and literary
programme was rendered. Thomas .[;•■
f.hs <>f Tula re Grange was present and de
livered a speech. \V. W. Reed, a charier
member of the old Saratoga Granjro, pre
sented the local body with a beautiful
gavel used by that body twenty-eight
yij! rp ago.
At the Farmers" Club this afternoon
Professor E. EL Smith of Stanforj de
livered an address on "Market, Orchatd
nnd Labor Conditions."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTTXE 5, 1898.
MINES GUARD
THE ENTRANCE
How Santiago Harbor Is
Defended.
HAS FEW MODERN CANNON
LARGE FORCE OF SPANISH
SOLDIERS.
Recent Arrival From Cuba Believes
Cervera's Entire Fleet is Not
at Anchor
There.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 4.— Louis Duany
has arrived in this city from Jamaica.
He left Santiago de Cuba on May 18.
Mr. Duany does not believe Cervera's
fleet is at Santiago. He says:
"I think Cervera's fleet may have
been confused with five Spanish boats
which were In the harbor when I left.
These were El Relna Mercedes, a sec
ond-class cruiser; El Conde Benadito,
El Marquis de Molin. auxiliary cruisers
with heavy guns, and two gunboats.
El Sandoval and La Estralla.
"The cruiser Reina Mercedes is dis
abled, her boilers having broken down,
and she was lying just inside the en
trance to the harbor. Her guns were
removed to the fortifications.
"The Spaniards laid a few mines last
winter, but on May 5 the work began
on a larger scale. I saw men at this work
in the harbor for some time afterward,
and about seventy mines have been
laid altogether. The first line of six
mines is laid directly across the mouth
of the harbor from Morro Castle to
the buoy which marks the shallow
water line near La Soeapa. the fortress
opposite. Directly behind the first
mines are line of four and three mines
each, so that the entrance to the har
bor is well laid with mines. The other
mines are along the ship channel for
six miles to the docks. The mines are
all connected by wires with the shore.
"I visited all of the forts, and I am
sure that the only modern guns in use
are those taken from the cruiser Reina
Mercedes. There are two of these guns
at Morro and the others are at La So
capa and Punta Gorda.
'There are 160 soldiers at Morro, BO
at La Soeapa, 30 at Punta Oorda and
100 ;it Punta Blanca. The principal
magazine is at El Polivan. The soldiers
at the forts are well armed and well
equipped, but I do not believe that they
are good gunners — at least, I never saw
them practice during my stay of eight
months. Tftere are 15,000 troops in the
province of Santiago under the com
mand of General Pando and SOOO in the
city of Santiago and outlying towns,
under the command of General Toval
and General Lilarez. They are well
ordered troops and well armed."
Mr. Duany said that there was a sup
ply of 7000 ' tons of coal at Santiago
when he left. Fresh meat was very
dear. _____
MANY SURGEONS
ARE PROMOTED
Numerous Captains in the Regular
Army to Become Majors of
Volunteers.
WASHINGTON. June 4.— The Presi
dent to-day pent these nominations to
the Senate:
For appointment In the volunteerarmy—
To be chief Burgeons of divisions, with
rank of major: Captain William H.
Arthur, assistant surgeon; Captain George
Bushnell, assistant surgeon; Donald Mc-
Lean of Michigan; George R. Fowler of
New York.
Captains and assistant surgeons, to be
brigade surgeons, with rank of major:
William •'. Gorgas, Henry P. Rirming
ham. Marlborough c. Wyth, Richard YV.
Johnson. Edward C, farter. William O.
Owen, Poter Regan, William J. Wake
man. William Stepheson, A. S. Polthams,
Joel 1,. Phillips, William C. Border), Ed
gar A. Mearns, Guy 1.. Edle, William 8.
Crosby, William Kneedler, Charles
Handy. Charles H. Pitcher, Charles B.
Ewing. Walter D. McCaw, J. R. Kean.
Henry I. Raymond. Francis .1. Ives. Wil
liam I. Kendall. Edward R. Morris,
Henry S. Harris. William B. Bannister.
Paul Clendinnin, Charles Woodruff.
Eugen< L. Swift. Paul Bhillock, Ogden
Rafferty, Charles P. Mason, James Glen
nan, Alfred Bradley. Philip G. Wales.
To be brigade surgeons, with tank of
maior: Willis G Macdonald, Charles A.
Drake of Georgia, Joseph K. Weaver of
Pennsylvania. Charles E. Ruth of towa,
John W. Bayne of th District of Colum
bia, Mllo P.. Ward of Missouri, Schuyler
C. Graves of Michigan, George T. Yaugh
an of the Marine Hospital service, Nathan
S. Parvls of New York, William Devine
of Massachusetts, John C Martin of Ohio,
pet>r 1 1. McHaughton of Michigan. Sam
uel T. Armstrong, acting assistant sur
geon: Samuel O. I-. Potter of California.
George M. Smith of lowa. Arthur Snnw
den ■>] Virginia. R. Stanshury Sutton of
Pennsylvania, Frank Bruso of New York.
To lie additional paymaster: James I',.
Kenner of Indian Territory, the nomina
tion of James 1!. McKenna being with
drawn.
To be commissary of subsistence, with,
rank of oaptajn: Warren C. Fairbanks of
Indiana.
GUNBOAT MARIETTA
REACHES KEY WEST
During the Voyage Up the Atlantic
Officers and Crew Were Anxious
for a Fight.
KEY WEST, June 4.— The United
States gunboat Marietta, Commander
Simmons, arrived here at 7:30 o'clock
this morning from California, which
State she left last March. The trip
was uneventful, and there was not even
a case of slrkr."ss on board. Much of
the voyage was made In company with
the battle-ship Oregon, and the first
question of thf Marietta's officers was
as to the Oregon's whereabouts.
After the Marietta passed Cape Horn
| she kept a sharp lookout for the Span
j ish torpedo-boat Temerario, which was
supposed to be hunting for the Ore
gon. The Marietta's officers were very
anxious to meet the Spaniard, and they
say that if a meeting had taken place
they would have surely sunk her. Dur
ing the entire voyage they sighted only
half a dozen vessels.
When the Marietta left Rio Janeiro
the men on board had heard no war
news later than the first bulletin of
Rear-Admiral Dowey's victory at Ma
nila. The Marietta anchored on her
arrival here and hoisted a flag for a
doctor. Pending his arrival no one
was allowed to leave or come aboard
the vessel, and the correspondents
shouted a brief summary of the war
news to the officers, the report of which
caused much laughing and rejoicing.
The Marietta is painted black. Her
course was through Providence chan
nel, and she saw no warships in West
Indian waters.
Old Sol in Evidence.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 4.— The hottest
weather ever known in this section was
I experienced here to-day. At 3 p. m. the
thermometer registered S6 degrees, the
heat continuing oppressive until sundown.
j A i.irge brush tire in -.he hills southeast
of Monterey added greatly to the oppres
siveness of the atmosphere in the immedi
ate neighborhood, and created dense over
hanging smoke that the light breeze did
not carry away.
SANTA CRUZ, June 4.— The weather
was unusually warm to-day, the mercury
reaching 87 degrees.
LAST STRANDS OF THE
CUBAN CABLES SEVERED
•
Now the Island Is Wholly Isolated
From the Outside World.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA. June 2.—
5 p. m. — (Per the Associated Press
Boat Wanda, via Kingston, June 4).—
The last cable strands binding Cuba to
the outside world were cut this after
noon by a cable vessel convoyed here
by the United States dispatch gunboat
Dolphin. This black sea crab delved
all day along the coast, hour by hour.
and its powerful claws at length
brought up the barnacle-clustered cable
strands and snapped them, and to-night
Cuba is wholly isolated.
The lirst cable picked up was that
running to Kingston. It was found
early this morning. The coast loop
connecting Santiago and Guantanamo
was then cut. Proceeding to Guanta
namo, the cable vessel finally grappled
and severed the Hay^len cable.
This ends the cable-cutting opera
tions begun a month ago, when the
Marblehead and the Window lost five
men In a fight off Oienfuegos, where
three cables were crippled and several
hundred Spaniards killed by shells from
the warships. Afterward the St. Louis
and the Wampatucket cut the San
Juan de Porto Rican cable at Santi
ago. The strands cut to-day were the
only ones remaining, except a few coast
loops, and these will probably be sev
ered in a short time.
The cutting of these cables is almost
as serious for the Spaniards In coast
towns as The cutting of foreign cables,
the land wires connecting the coast
towns being wholly at the mercy of the
insurgents. Therefore, in the event
of American troops landing in Cuba,
the absence of the coast loops will ser
iously Interfere with the hasty mobili
sation of the Spanish troops.
The United States and Hayti Cable
Company, and the Commercial cable
Company, have not been notified < t
any interruption of the service and
they were still accepting messages this
morning for Cuba.
SPAIN'S BANKRUPTCY
AND THE BEARING ON WAR
Spaniards Absurdly Undei'estimate
the Terms Uncle Sam Will
Demand.
NEW YORK, Junp 4.— A dispatch
from London says: In European eyes
the economic condition of Spain is be
coming the most important aspect of
the war, and the anxiety of the Haute
Finance over it has prompted the re
cent dispatches about the Spanish de
sire for peace. Trustworthy letters
from Madrid Bay the Spaniards ab
surdly underestimate the terms of
peace which the I'nited States is likely
to entertain, and talk about them is
only vague speculation, chiefly among
the uneasy commetctal class. Men of
judgment and knowledge of the dispo
sition of the Continental nations expect
few results from Castillo's sounding of
the powers, unless a decisive naval bat
tle is fought meantime.
HEALDSBURG TO FETE
THE ENDEAVORERS
District Convention to Be Held in the
Sonoma Town a Year
Hence.
SANTA ROSA. June 4.— The annual
convention of Christian Endeavorers of
the counties of Napa and Sonoma, now
being hold In this city, has attracted
quite a number of visitors. This morning
the delegates arose at sunrise «nd mir
tlcipated In a sunrise prayer meeting. At
the regular session all societies of the
district presented reports. This after
noon tlic election of officers took place,
a:i<i it was decided to hold the next con
vention at Eiealdsburg in June. 1899.
An open-air demonstration In front of
the courthouse was a feature of to-aay'a
programme. To-night Rev. 10. P. Den
nett addressed a mass meeting in the
Congregational church. The convention
will close to-morrow niKh'-
Green for State Treasurer.
COIiUSA, June 4.— The delegates to the
Democratic County convention met here j
to-day and ratified the nomination of the
candidates elected at the primaries held
throughout the county on May 2x. Dele
gates to the State convention were se
lected, and W. S. Green, editor of the
Colusa Sun. was unanimously indorsed
for State Treasurer.
Board of Trade Election.
SAN JOSE. June 4.— The Board of Trade
has elected the following directors u.r
the ensuing year: A. Greeninger, Frank
Stock. A. ('. Darby. C. M. Hatcher, B. .:.
Langford, B. W". Maynard. Joseph H.
Rucker, Ernes! Lion and Maurice O'Brien. !
Jarred by an Earthquake.
LOS OLIVOS, June 4.— distinct shock
of earthquake was fell throughout Santa
Tnez Valley last night at 10:20. The vi
bration was from east to west. No dam
afto was done.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Mother's Pay Day.
What pay does a hard-working mother of
• family receive for her labor at the end of a
mi week ? The husband may
jjjJJlti^ I bring home his regular
C^i^i: II! wages. Some of the child-
fffpTTCE ■< ft rpjv maybe old
' ' re 1 ] •****&;s&.' enough to earn
«3<C?V nlt^--r»^ theirs. But the
<?s*Ps f''Jty\ *,V mother, what is
XA. $ til!!' f rhy her pay for her
/ I A IBH bBl days of toil and
4 fa \ ' fP'^^Jßia^, often nights of
')• ( I XvT/^'''iH ! \ anxiety ? Well,
' j r^-=« / rWr\ sh 9 is cither,
<Z> W^- y^ / £ \paid in love or
"^ m oj [///' <j sne isn't paid
Jtf'w^ at ally •
'^/ ' /™^ The majority
' yS r~-^<l^ of mothers arc
5 1 I u\\ Perfectly satis-
»U\ fed with the
simple recompense of loving appreciation.
If any mother doesn't receive that much,
it's an awful pity.
It's a sad thing when the mother comes
down sick with overwork or worry, or be-
cause some little weakness or disease has
been neglected until it gets to be alarming.
It should never be allowed to get to this
point. . Sh- ought. to be looked after right
away . She needs the help of common sense
medical treatment. Of course no one medi-
cine ..•:'.] cure everything- A medicine must
be specially adapted to its particular purpose
i If the digestive organs or the liver are out
of order Dr. Pierce'? Golden Medical Dis-
covery is a perfect and scientific remedy.
His "Favorite Prescription" is specially
devised for weaknesses and diseases of the
womanly organs; and it is the most potent
remedy for, these troubles which has ever
been invented. . -;.'.;■
Where both these conditions exist these
two medicines taken alternately constitute
a thoroughly scientific course of treatment,
which has been marvelouily successful with
thousands of dyspeptic, debilitated and
nervous women
I "I take great pleasure in recommending Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription, ' Golden Medical
Discovery' and •Pellets.'. 1 ' writes Mrs. Jed Law-
rence. South Hero, ,Orand . Isle Co., Vt. "My
trouble was female weakness, kidney disease.
neuralgia, change, of life and bad flowing spells.
I took eight bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription, seven bottles of ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery, and seven small vials of ' Pellets.': The
doctors did not help me any. I could not sleep
night nor day. I suflf^r-d everything before I
began to take Dr. Pierces medicines. '.When I
began to use them I weighed 100 pounds. ; Now I
weigh 145 pour-ds. ' I can.w? do all my work."
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ '__ ' "'__ __'"'''_ '"'}'_'_''_"_'___ ' '
JLJ' JI v v JL^ 11 o v v iL^ iLJf^KJ/ o o
Yes, we begin a merchandise siege on a scale of aggressiveness character-
istic only of Dewey. The siege begins to-morrow. It promises to be a hot one.
Be early in the fray, for it's going to be a lively mixing up of prices.
Soldier Overalls.
For the little fellows. It's a
new idea with
us, with a bib,
»,,^^ and hit
.>fiti «;^ stripes on the
3//VS Junior 1 ?* /
Jr Army | sides, with I. S.
If Overall i <| wreath on the
$ { £^T\ V) E ' : b • military
\ \':\ ~-*jr like, in the p>-
■^^^N^lF^Ur rst grade of
T Y?iiPi\ brown denim,
V '•^^pJA made and, copy-
\>pJ!lekky righted by us.
WJXA ~ AU little f el -
i^mmA lows like to f el -
W%&s\si lows like to plau
llpß soldier, and
wi^k these are just
MM th- things for
pip them. We have
WW^ outfitted whole
\J cum pa nici c s of
juvenile sol-
diers with these
j overalls, and they're just as
I cute as can be.
We put 'em on sale at a spe-
, cial price, whether yon buy one
ior buy a thousand, they will
; cost you
29c.
Fop Young Men.
A feature in the r/oung men's
d "p a rt m c hi
Monday will be
r^ i a lot of real
f-, swell, suits in
'/■■^ swell suits in
pP^ pretty plaids
fy, and in pretty
I \ neat mixed pat-
k \ terns; they're
/* I cut by the very '
j if if
J / swellest of tail- \
ors. The vest is
double - breast-
~\ ed, iv hie h is
ij\ quite the swell
*,] j II idea —in -jnc '
ill jr i '\\ double the mon- ]
' \m lir ey wouldn't buy i
-if ■ m a<i food suits in !
I 1 \■ li other houses, \
£)*^\ji and these are
t%. for young men
between the ages \
of 12 and 19 \
years. Just alive \
with pret t i~
ness and fa shi onahl en ss.
For such good suits Monday
34.4.8.
\ I I I \ °ff these suits, but wOl
\ / / I \ just tell you this: that
\ il \
■111 I when you lay your eyes on
I I \\ I I 'em you'll prove a buyer,
/ 1 for the price will make
/ \ you — for the price is
f $5.oo;
We're going to ■
,^'/7 Ladles' and |B IT :3 a
Ge ntle m c n's B ll |i S
Wash Ties in a Hi -j : |
wholesale fash- m II ;!
iy/A, i/t the pret- J* ;? ?kr !F ;-
tiest of color- c:«£ j-a^gj
i/itfs. whole &s£s! [ : I
dozen of the -Ties B 1 ; I I
you tie yourself njfffl !| :|
Monday at HSHa 1 i ' !
p // /
Army Blouses.
The Army Blouse, with stand-
ing collar, for little, fellows, is
a cute idea in brown denim,
with soldier buttons, - regula-
tion army cut. Just the thing
for littlefelloivs playing soldier.
These at.
59c.
Soldier Caps for Boys and Girls
The prettiest hind of Blue
\ Soldier Caps for Boys. The
\ sweetest, of White, for Girls.
The regulation Military Cap in
j our Hat Dpar'.ment at
25c.
RAPHAELS
INCORPORATED
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
"TEE FRISCO BOYS."
A Siegeon Wash Fabric Suits
You know our Wash Suits are
different from,
most stores.
A Every yard of
Aiti^NU-A 'em, before
Tt- Si 'v^jP Ij A they're cut, is
s^J^^lSif^lk^ full s h r unk,
"fjl^wKi'v* and then, ours
j^^^^^^ are made by the
mjS§£^ same tailors
fi|^^gS that make our
WjgSBJM nest ■ Chil-
• "^^^S dren's Suits. '
mtSi This is the
«l'i!s kind of Wash .
|^ lljr Suits that will
JS&&& be offered to you
Monday, and
there's a pretty
lot of Russian
Crashes among 'em. The extra
deep, generous sailor collar;
there's a pretty lot of Striped
Galateas ; Butcher Linens; such
suits that you'll pay $2 for in
most stores.
For unrestricted nick from the
cream of our Wash Fabric
'. Suits this season at
79c.
This is a military period and
all little fellows .
like to look man-
of - war's - men-
like and mil-
itary like. For
&t^\ swell ideas we
* f \'i refer you to our
picture on side ;
M§«jgyfe| it's a swell af-
f&FfiP&ffiak fair in. blue,
' ■■■||h you see it in pic-
turCflongtrous-
Hi? ers for little fel-
loirs up to 10
Hi «l ears of age,
'^•t^DgßS^ bea u ti full ■
fe*^>^HS^'§s braided, made
ZM* J^B^*™ ' from good serv-
iceable fabrics,
tied with a very
• generous bow.
The half-price of this, and
• that's what this siege means, is
$3.48.
A lot of Gentle
/^V men's Kerchiefs
/ n. in white, with
/ . \ £S .hem stitched
X*^ /^y border, also fan-
X^±r. s'yfS cy border ; all
S^^^yiic high - class
4r\.*^y? goods. These
INL y\j/sp ought to make a
■^a . rp' ' '«• H an dk er chief
>§^ . sensation
among the men
for they will be on sale at ~
■ Sc
34
BLOW TO
SPY SYSTEM
OF SPAIN
Seized Letter of Lieutenant
Carranza Is Made
Public.
Intercepted Information Enabled
This Government to Keep Track
of Spanish Vessels.
NEW YORK, June 4.— A Washington !
special to the Herald says: Spain's
spy system has sustained a serious blow
as the result of the seizure by secret
service agents of the United States of
the famous Oarranza letter. That let- j
ter, with the exception of one para- |
graph, was officially made public by
tary Gage to-day. It has been
in the possession of Chief Wilkie of
the secret service here since May 28,
and its contents have been of inesti
mable value to the four branches of the
Government, the naval, military, dip
lomatlc, and secret service.
This letter has enabled the military
arm of the Government to take action
with a complete understanding of the
position of the Spanish reserve Bquad
rr>n. and of Admiral Cervera's fleet, to
both of which Lieutenant Carranza re
fers In his letter, and this knowledge !
may have been one of the reasons why
naval officials confidently declared for
the last week that Cervera was safely
located in the harbor of Santiago de
Cuba.
Now that the letter has been made
public officials do not hesitate to tell
v to the manner In which it was ob
tain.d. Every day since the arrival
of Dubosc and Carranza in Montreal
secret service agents have been in their
home, either on pretense of examining
tho gas meter, attending to sewerage or
inspecting the water pipe. One of these
men saw Carranza writing <>n May 25
a letter, which he surmised might con
tain highly interesting information. He |
reported his discovery to Chief Wilkie, j
■uhn arranged a call at the house next
morning, and the officer, accompanied
by a companion and a woman, was ad
mitted soon after 8 o'clock and exam- !
ined the house with a view to renting
it. Lieutenant Carranza was at break
fast at the time. When insi>ectlng the
bedroom the American officer dis
covered a sealed envelope lying
on the dresser. He slipped it
into his pocket and left thf: |
house, mailing the communication to a i
fellow detective, who forwarded it to |
Washington. <>n one side of the en
velope were three Canadian stamps,!
two 3-eent and one 2-cent stamp. The |
letter was written in a fine hand on |
paper bearing the seal of the former
legation in Washington and was ad
dressed to Senor Gomez, apparently
Carranxa's uncle.
Appended Is the fun text of Car
ranza's letter, with the exception of the
paragraph withheld by Secretary Oage:
Montreal, Que., May 20. 1898,
42 Tupper street.
His Excellency Benor Don Jose
Gomez Imay— My I>ear Ron Jose: It
was my belief that they would have ap
pointed you to command the Cadiz fleet.
and it was my Intention to have s<-nt you
a telegram unking that you take me with
you. to meet you in the Antilles or wher
ever you might say. The case has not
turned out thus, however, and it seems
as though God were not on our side, he
cau.se the election of Senor Camara I fear
W;.l be fatal, although he may have a
good cbief-of-staff. No one could possi
bly suit him, because he is very cap
ricious, and besides is not a very hard
worker; on the contrary, he is lazy and
would pay no attention to the advice of
any one. You will not take this for flat
tery, but to-day no one but you and Don
Pasquale should have command of our
and this is the belief of the younger
<l< ment of the personnel, Now there is
no remedy, and may God shed his light
upon and keep him in his bands. I wrote
to the Minister, and with the confidence
due to my Bpecial ilutW-s I said to him.
on sending a clipping from a newspaper
containing a telegram from Cadiz, speak
ing of our fleet and of its admiral, that
it was not Rcnor Camara, but you who
should command it and that we. the
lower personnel, who travel about a lit
tle, know you very well. It may be that
this action may have had a bad impres
sion on him, but 1 don't care, because if
1 ' an do so i shall leave the service when
the war Is finished. 1 have been left here
to receive and send telegrams and to look
after the Bervice which I have organized,
and I had better say am. established here'
because until a little while ago I was not
permitted to do as I pleased.
We have had bad luck because they
havo captured our two best spies, one in
Washington, who hanged himself— or els->
thf*y did it— and the other day before yes
terday at Tampa. The Americans are
showing the most extraordinary vigi
lance. I do not wish to remain hem witn
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TBE ALASKA EXRLORATION CO.;
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
LEELANAW
Rating Al— loo Lloyds,
Will Sail From Howard . '
Wharf No. 2 *
JUNE 11, 1898,
DIRECT TO
ST. MICHAE3L,
Connecting With Our Riven Fleet,
LINDA, ARNOLD, LEON, HERMAN, CUB, BEAR, FOX,
LYNX, SEAL, OTTER, MINK,
FOR- — -
DAWSON CITY
AND POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
Our boats are the most powerful now in Alaska and ready far prompt dis-
patch. .
No delays. Quick connections. No towing from San . Francisco. Best
service en route. Comfortable quarters. Courteous treatment. J :...:'" , ~, :' '.
Owning our own wharves, lighters, towboat, warehouses . and hotel at St.
Michael.
Merchandise orders or letters of credit on our various stations on the Yu-
kon River. No fee charged to passengers.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
GENERAL TICKET AND FREIGHT OFFICE,
LIEBES BUILDING, 139 POST STREET.
out taking: an active part In the war, and
I di sire duty in which I can take the
Initiative and do something. I sha.ll be
extremely gratified to have a ship in or
der to run the blockade or a to"pedo
boat; anything rather than playing sec
ond fiddle. However, if there is iv other
remedy I would go perfectly willingly on
board a large ship. I am very sorry that
this war linds me so low in rank, and it
offers opportunities for any ode who
wished to work and to risk "himself. 1
cannot believe that Don Pasquale could
be in Santiago, as reported by the Ameri
can press. He entered it on the lSth, and
if he had pone immediately to Havana he
would bave met only two monitors in
front of it. I make out that he entered
that place only to coal and for the moral
effect it would have in Spain. 1 suppose
he went nut Saturday, the 20th— If ho had
gone to the north and through the Provi
i!> ace Channel he would have passed into
Havana right under the nose of the
Americans, who had only small cruisers,
for Bchley waa at sea on the night of
Thursday. Sampson on that of Friday
and on thai of Sunday, the 22d, he took
the lower channel for the east and on
Wednesday turned back toward Havana.
Schley'a squadron has been reinforced by
the lowa and Bampson by the Oregon.
The Vizcaya and Oquendo, at least, need
go Into the drydock. 1 telegraphed to
Don Pasquale on the morning of the 20th,
when 1 knew he was in Santiago, saying
that the squadrons were at Key VVest.
He did not answer me. That afternoon
came a telegram from Madrid saying he
bad left Santiago. 1 continued sending
messages to General Hlanco in respect to
all the movements, and now, so far as I
know. Don Pasquale has arrived at Porto
Rico, where 1 shall try to communicate
with him.
I( he should have set out for Marti-!
nlrjuc or Havana, having twenty-four i
hours" advantage, he would have arrived '
before now. 1 am vr^ much afraid lost!
they attack Porto Rico by land and sea
and put off the attack on Havana. They !
art- not K<>ing t<> do mure than try to
take the latter, nnd they think then, if
; destroy "Ur fleet, of taking the war
[nto Spain, with Havana already in their
power. They have no confidence in their
army, nut they have in their navy, and
tiny are afraid of our army and of yel
low fever, because if the men should'be
gin to die in Cuba there would be a tre
mendoua row. ae they are rot like our
people. Anyway, we shall see when there
is news of the ileet. I expert it to-mor
row. With them cleaning their hulls at
the keys we should i>p able to clean some
thing in three days at Porto Ilico. Each
day thai passes is worse for us on ac- :
count of the almost total lack of prepara
tlon.
The Cnrliz squadron Is to come to bom
bard Boston. Portland nnd Lonp Island
They can do it now. but after a few
months it would be too late. I think If
we are to have any success In this mat
t.-r it will be throuph treating for peace
by yleMinc Cuba and having them recog
nize the oVM. If wo do not do this soon
it will be too lntc, and we shall lose Cuba
and Porto Rim. and all that this war
hns cost us, and In addition we shall be
Charged with the Cuban debt, for which
our treasury is responsible. There is no
doubt here thai we cannot continue this
war, as we have nothing to pain and may
lose our three colonies and be ruined for
fifty years. In the matter of money there
la no patriotism. Proof Is plven by the
bank, which ought to have bought gold'
although at a premium of 100 per cent'
and issued notes against It in small or
slightly great quantity. With 150,000,000 it
has made 1.3A0.W0.000. . •"""•""" II
This is the moment of the year at which
instead of returning 23 or 24 per cent it
returns only 12 or 15 per cent. As regards
its buying gold, exchange has gone down
and if. Instead of buying 400 000 000 it I*l
sues -,00,000.000, paying COO or 700, Inasmuch
:ts the state subscribes at the rate of 5
ppr cent, and would represent to the bank
fin Interest of about 3 per cent Its
dividend would have gone down very
little. The bank is the nation and with
the nation It has grown rich by offering
paper money, which it did not have in its
treasury, nnd by getting interest on that
which it really never had given out But
whatever the bank does, nobody 'dares
object except those who have no money In
their pants If they should call for It
RAMON CARRANZA.
I should be glad to have you write me
your opinions. You know how much I
appreciate them. If the squadron is in
Cuba they are going to destroy its
wretched fortifications and sink a couple
of steamers in the mouth. They have al
ready telegraphed to Key West for them
to see if they have got them there, nnd
the Inventor Holland offers his submarine
boat to destroy the mines.
Chicagoan Commits Suicide.
T.OS ANGELES, June 4.-(\ M. Charn
ley Jr. of Chicago committed suicide to
night by shooting himself in the head.
He was despondent through Illness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 5, 1898.
REAR-ADMIRAL CAMARA, Commander of
the Cadiz Fleet.
TRANSPORT
SHIPS SAIL
FOR CUBA
Five Vessels Carrying Sol
diers Start Fron)
Mobile.
Santiago Believed to Be the Ulti
mate Destination of the
Expedition.
MOBILE, Ala., June 4.— Five trans
ports carrying the Twentieth Infantry,
Colonel Wheaton; Third Infantry,
Colonel Page, and Troops A, C, D and
F of the Second Cavalry, steamed down
Mobile River this morning en route,
presumably, to Tampa, but really un
der sealed orders. Trie transports are
the steamers Matteawan, Stillwater,
Breakwater, Aransas and Morgan.
Along the river front thousands of
people had congregated. Whistles of
all the bay and river craft and mills
and the ringing of bells kept up an
unceasing din as long as the transports
were in sight.
The troops were quartered on the
vessels by 10 o'clock last night and had
a good night's rest. Reveille was
sounded at 5 o'clock and the last prep
arations for the voyage made. Some
200 horses had to be loaded on the Mor
gan, and this and othrr work delayed
the departure. The five vessels pulled
out together and formed a procession
down the river. The last seen of the
transports was from the Custom-house
as they passed the channel, the vessels
being half a mile apart, until they be
came specks on the horizon. It is be
lieved their ultimate destination is
Santiago de Cuba.
DES MOINES, lowa. June 4.— The
Fifty-first lowa Regiment leaves to
morrow for San Francisco over the
Rock Island, Burlington and North
western Railroad. The troops will con
centrate at Cheyenne, and from there
will travel together to Ogden and
thence to San Francisco over the
Southern Pacific. The First Battalion,
including the headquarters band and
companies from Dcs Moines, Oskaloosa
and Knoxville, leaves by the Rock Isl
and under command of Major Duggan.
The Second Battalion, commanded by
Major Moore, and including companies
from Shenandoah, Council Bluffs and
Red Oak, leaves over the Burlington.
Major Hume, in command of the Third
Battalion, with companies from Cres
ton. Corning, Bedford and Villisca,
leaves over the Northwestern.
OMAHA, June 4. — Company C, Fourth
New York Volunteer Infantry, and a
company of recruits from Ohio, passed
through here to-day en route to San
Francisco.
LINCOLN, Nebr., June 4.— Adjutant-
General Berry has received a telegram
from Seeretar- Alger, saying that the
Third Regiment of Nebraska Volunteer
Infantry, organized by W. J. Bryan,
has been accepted by the Government,
and that it will be added to the contin
gent going to the Philippines.
When this news was received Mr.
Bryan was so notified and went to Gov
ernor Holcomb's office, and a confer
ence was held, the outcome of which,
although it has not been publicly an
nounced, wan that Bryan was appoint
ed colonel of the regiment and given his
commission. Adjutant-General Berry
at once issued the first general order in
the history of the new regiment. It was
addressed to the members and officers,
ureing them to drill, perfect their or
ganization and be ready for the call to
mobilize in this city.
News from Washington was to the
effect that mustering officers would be
sent here in the- near future, and the
regiment sworn in and ordered to San
Francisco, where the First of this city,
under Colonel Bratt, is already located
NEW YORK,. June 4.— A dispatch to
the World from Madrid says: Great
pressure is being put upon the Govern
ment by the press to send to Manila
either Admiral Cervera's squadron or
the reserve fleet at Cadiz. Eight thou
sand men and six batteries could be
embarked within twenty-four hours at
ports In the south of Spain. But the
Government hesitates to send an ex
pedition so late, when American rein
! foroements from California are likely
' to forestall any Spanish relief.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The War
Department to-day chartered the Gate
City and the City or Macon for trans
port purposes for the Cuban army of in
vasion.
PORTLAND, Or., June 4.— Troop E,
Fourth United States Cavalry, left for
San Francisco this evening.
THREE TRAINLOADS OF
VOLUNTEERS COMING
Nearly a Thousand Soldiers Leave
Fort McPherson for San
Francisco.
NEW YORK. June 4.— An Atlanta
(Ga.) special to the Herald says: Eight
hundred and forty-eight soldiers left
Fort McPherson this afternoon for San
Francisco, there to embark for the
Philippines. They left on three special
trains on the Atlantic, West Point and
Western road. These recruits will join
the Eighteenth and Twenty-third Regi
ments of Infantry, which are now at
San Francisco awaiting transportation
to Manila.
Each of the special trains consisted
of twelve first-class Pullman cars,
which previously had been running as
tourists' cars to the Pacific Coast. It
will take just four days to make the
trip, the railroads having contracted to
place the troops in California ninety
six hours after leaving Fort McPher
son. The trains will go from Montgom
ery to New Orleans over the Louisville
and Nashville, and from New Orleans
to San Francisco over the Southern Pa
cific
These men were recruited from all
parts of the country, and were origi
nally sent to this post to be trained'
from the regiments at Tampa. When
it was announced at the post that vol
unteers were wanted to fill out two
regiments of regulars ordered to
Manila, there was no difficulty in ob
taining all the men wanted.
SIGNS OF PEACE
ARE MULTIPLYING
So the Campaign Against Porto Rico
Island Must Now Be
Hurried.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Peace signs
have been multiplying. There has
been a notable change in the tone of
the Spanish press, and although up to
this moment no advances have been
made to the State Department by any
of the European powers there is an in
definable suggestion in the air that any
moment may bring forth overtures of
this kind. For this reason the cam
paign against Porto Rico will probably
be hurried in order to insure its posses
sion by the United States before peace
is attained.
RUMORED ASSASSINATION
OF PRESIDENT HERREUX
Insurgents of Santo Domingo Re
ported to Have Made Great
Headway.
CAPE HATTIEN, Hayti, June 4.— lt is
rumored here that President Herreux of
Banto Domingo has been assassinated.
It is also rumored that the insurgents in
Santo Domingo have raptured the tnwri
of Santo los Caballeros, on the Yaque
River, 103 miles east of this piace.
The accounts of the defeat of the Do
minican revolutionists at Monte Cristo
are persistently doubted here.
SHOULD WAIT
UNTIL AUTUMN
German Opinion as to
Cuban Invasion.
DISEASE TO BE DREADED
MILITARY EXPERTS EXPRESS
THEIR VIEWS.
One General Does Not Believe the
Volunteers Will Stand Against
Spain's Seasoned
Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, June 4.— 1 have asked a
number of leading German military
authorities for their opinions in regard
to the present situation in Cuba and
the possibilities of an invasion of the
island on the part of the United States.
I may say at once that their unanim
ous verdict is that it would be an act
of folly for America to land troops in
Cuba at present; that the coming au
tumn would be the earliest practicable
time; that a force of 100,000 would be
required for the work, and that even
then the Government ought to make
the venture only when 200,000 men are
in reserve to replace those who, in the
common course of events, must melt
away within a few weeks after landing
in the tropical land.
Lieutenant-General Yon Buguslaw
ski has three campaigns to his credit—
those of 1864, 1H66 and 1870-71. He gave
me his views as follows:
"I cannot say that I have thorough
ly gone into the details of this busi
ness, but it strikes me that the States
are in a similar difficulty with regard
to their troops to that of France in 1870
after her regular army had been de
stroyed. The American army, or what
they are organizing as such, would. I
suppose, fairly compare with the
French Garde Mobile and Garde Na
tional Mobilize. The latter, from a
military point of view, were of less
value than the former. Although these
troops fought on occasion with great
bravery, and although in I'aris they
had several months in which to train
them, they yet, as a rule, could stand
up against seasoned regular troops
only when in numerical superiority of
four or even five to one.
"I have no doubt the Americans will
be able to effect a landing, but even
here it is as well to bear in mind that
the landing must be effected quickly.
If Marshal Blanco is wise he will keep
his troops well in hand in bodies of
from 25,000 to 35,000 men and give battle
to the United Suites troops as soon as
they set fo<rt on Cuban soil. He will
probably boat them, more probably bo
as the effects of the hot climate will in
all likelihood tend to seriously handi
cap further the untried American sol
diers, both morally and physically."
SPANISH SPIES
MUST LEAVE CANADA
If Spain Does Not Recall Them Pass
ports Will Be Promptly-
Given.
NEW YORK, June 4.— A Washington
m What is it? It is the only producer of strength and manliness. That is a
M large claim. But it is founded on facts as strong as the everlasting hills. Many .
m men are weak. Most of them are weak because of excesses in early life. Twenty
M thousand of them have applied to the Hudson Medical Institute for treatment. . .- .
M 20,000 of those who were weak are strong to-day. These 20,000 men were \A
iSr treated with "Hudyan." It is exaggerating, then, to say that "Hudyan" is the only *&
ft producer of strength and manliness? Certainly not. It cures all classes of '^L
m weakness. Is it nature's own remedy. You have overworked your brain. "Hud- »k
of yan" replaces the wasted gray matter. You have taxed your stomach too \\ \ j
3 heavily. "Hudyan" supplies digestive power. We might go on indefinitely, but
pf that would be uninteresting. "Hudyan," in one word, makes up for all loss of M
!9 vital force. The abuse of the power given you once was stupid folly. But -'it is M
m never too late to mend." This grand remedio-treatment saves manhood, and it §i
\ If you suffer from debilitation of any nature all you need do is to write to tbe Institute, f .
m or call there if you can, and ask for proof of these statements. Circulars and testimonials m .
M showing what "Hudyan" has done for weak and puny men are sent you with pleasure, and you m ■■
% can get the best medical advice that there is in the wide world free. If you have blocd taint m
% say so, and you will be told what you should do and what "30-day blood cure" will do for you. £g
\ No single cent of expense to you. Then why not have what is so freely oflered ? You want m
1 % to have a clean system and you want to be a manly man. You know that. Then why not M
% put out one effort ? If there was 110 proof offered it would te a different matter. It is not m .
% only offered to you, but without one particle of expense. Get it. M .
\ HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, /
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, Jw
• SAN FRANCISCO. JM
y^ THE ONLY PLACE ON EARTH WHERE YOU CAN GET .^*
ADVERTISEMENT". • .'' •.'F/;'"--, .j
NEW SHIRT WAISTS
.... ON". ... ■'■■^ : i /
SPECIAL SALE [.
FOR :
THIS " .y];.V
WEEK. ••.■':•'
Shirt Waists. Domestic Specials. . :
r ftp 75 dozen Ladies' Percale Shirt r. A YARD — 500 pieces Arherrcan
OUb Waists, this season's latest OL Percales in very neat designs',
styles, in neat colorings, well good quality. 'On sale' at' 5c.; •
fitting, worth 75c and $1.00. , " • '.;■ : ■
--fcJ nft r-A^.j r— - j 1 j- . 7J ft A YARD— IOO pieces Fine
tl' 00 M H " 5^c d en Ladies I2C Quality Printed Dimities, :Lawn
to I - Madras and Fine Percale Shirt | and Organdies. Regular price :
Waists, this seasons styles.; 20c and 15c a yard :
Reduced from $1.50 and $1.75 /Uc and _ yard. .
Hn<sierv Sneclak" 10 Ip 150 pieces Covert Suitings,- in
nOSiery jpeuaib. | Z 2U all the new shades— the cor-
jj-p A PAIR— 2OO dozen Children's rect material for outing suits.
lUb Tan, Brown and Bronze Cotton • . ■ .
Hose, high-spliced heels, extra ftp A YARD— Entire Stock, of
value at 35c. On sale at 15c. ZOC French Printed Organdies," in
ft* A PAIR-150"dozen Children's I . beautiful designs late n color-
ZUC Fast Black Ribbed Cotton Hose, ings. Reduced from 50c; 40c
extra good quality, a hose for and 35c>
wear. Regular price 40 and 50c r
Handkerchief Special. Ribbon Special.
jrtp EACH— SOO doz. Ladies' Swiss IjPp A YARD— 2SO pieces.Fancy
lUu Embroidered Handkerchiefs, in ZOu Ribbon, all silk, from 31 to 4
nice range of patterns, worth inches wide, beautiful styles.
20c and 15c each. Worth 50c and 40c a yard
123-129 POST STREET.
dispatch to the Herald says: Spain's
agents in Canada will receive their
passports from the British Government
provided the demand made by the
United States meets with compliance.
Perhaps the most Important result of
the seizure of Carranza's leter will lie
the disorganization of the Spanish spy
em by the loss of its Immediate
heads — Benor Don Juan Dubosc, for
merly First Secretary of the Spanish
Legation in Washington, and Lieuten
ant Carranza, formerly its naval at
tache.
Secretary of State Day informed Em
bassador Hay some days ago of the
admission made by Carranza that he
was organizing a spy system from
Montreal, and instructed him to lay
the facts before the British Govern
ment, with a request for the recall of
the lieutenant and Benor Dubosc on tho
ground that they were violating the
neutrality law of Great Britain by
using Canada as a base for operations
in securing information of value to
Spain in the present war.
Sir Julian Pauncefote was als- ad
vised of the action of Carranza, and it
is understood that the matter was
under discussion between that diplo-
I mat and Secretary Day at the State
j Department this afternoon. '
In view <d tho evidence submitted to
the British Government no doubt is
felt that the request made by this
Government will be complied with and
may be heard very Boon, as the Brit
ish Minister ;it Madrid hus acquainted
the British Foreign Office of the facts
and suggested that Senor Dubosc and
Lieutenant Carranza be recalled. If
; such action is not taken Lord Salis
bury will undoubtedly Instruct the D -
i minion Government to present the two
I Spanish officials with their passports.
Yet Another "Pipe-Dream."
NEW YORK, June 4.— A dispatch
from Madrid says: Blanco telegraphs
that in consequence of quarrels be
tween Garcia and Gomez the latter
may lead his forces against the Amer
icans.WINNERS OF
EASTERN RACES
Richard J Takes the
Illinois Stakes.
HUGH PENNY RUNS SECOND
PLAUDIT HAS A WALK-OVER
AT OAKLEY.
Club Members" Handicap at the St.
Louis Track Results in
a Victory for
What-er-Lou.
Pr»<~lal Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO. June 4.— Weather clear;
track fast.
:■ Seven furlongs. Locust Blossom won.
• -Jfecedah second; Gold Corn third. Time.
F"iir and a half furlongs, Martha Fox
wnn. Primavera second, Betta V third.
Tlm.-\ -MVi.
mile, Pinpree won, The Devil sec
.;■ ond. Cherry Leaf third. Time. 1:47.
rilinois stakes, six and a half furlongs.
Richard 3 won, Hugh Penny second, Tjtn
■ : rolljna third. Time. L3MAk
Pour furlongs. King Barleycorn won.
B Ltten second, Mazie V third. Time, :4<y
n furlongs, Lew Hopper won. Tit
for Tat second, Floronso third. Time,
•
CINCINNATI, June 4.— Weather at
v fine; track fast. Attendance
• nrd a half furlongs, spiling. Nor- '
ma Taylor won, Brana second. Rosa :
1 third. Time. :56.
.-■ • n furlongs, selling. Derby Maid
Zufallig second, Ray B third. Time, j
Five furlongs, Hardy Pardee won. MaZO '
' . third. Time. 1:02%.
Bu< B, one mile and an eighth,
kover for l'iaudit.
Tw 1 miles, Belling, Sir Ebony won.
1, Dominica third. Time.
n furlongs, selling. Kitty W won. ■
ta II second, Eveline third. Time.;
ST. LOUIS. June 4.— Weather pleas
ant: track fast.
• One mile, selling. Joe Hart won. Zarina
second. Perclta third. Time. 1:43.
Mile and a sixteenth, C. S. Bush won.
Tony Honing second. Prince of India
third. Time. 1 :50>4.
Four furlongs, two-year-olds, Pearl
Pnrnf-s won. Fausturo second. Flying
Hi rri third. Time. :49V;.
■ Handicap, six furlongs. Silver Set won.
Fervor second, Nick Carter third. Time.
1:1414.
Club members' handicap, value $2500,
mile ami a quarter, What-Er-Lou won,
I.ieber Karl second, Elusive third. Time.
'2.05.
. One mile, selling. High Noon won, Bas
rjuil second, Bridgeton third. Time,
1:42 V*.
One mile, selling, Sir Rolla won. Elsi
nore second. Siva third. Time. 1:44.
NEW YORK, June Results at
Gravesend:
Six furlongs. Typhoon II won. Rotter
dam second. Tabouret third. Time, 1:16&
Mi!, and a sixteenth, selling, Lehman i
won. Marsian second, Juno third. Time, j
1:49>4'
Hudson . stakes, rive furlongs, Jean Be- i
r;tud won. Frohsing second. Kingdom I
third. Time. i:Ui^.
Carlton stakes, one mile. The Huguenot
won Sanders second, George Boyd third.
Time. 1:45 V „ "I;
Five furlongs, Formero won, Mr. Clay
second. Kirk wood third. Time. 1:024.
Steeplechase, about two miles. Decapod i
won. Ingot second, Mclntyre third. Time, !
4.12.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
Results of the Contests on National
League Diamonds.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
dubs— XV. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Chicago 1* 21 .462 Cincinnati 2S 10 .737
Philadelphia 16 I 1I 1 .457 Cleveland . .24 13 .649
Hrooklyn . .1". 20 .4231805t0n 25 14 .641
Louisville --.14 -" .341 Baltimore ...20 14 .58»
Washington 12 26 .31« New Y0rk. ..22 16 .579
Pt. Louis ...11 27 .253 Pittßburg ...21 19 .503
.". NEW YORK, June Four hits and
errors by Davis. Gleason and Doheny won
to-day's gam; for the Reds. Score:
■ Clubf— R. H. 'c.
N<-iv York 3 1 4
.'Cincinnati 5 4 I
'■ ' Batteries— New York. Doheny and Warner;
' <""in.clnnati. Hill and Vaughan. Umpires—Me
" Donald and O'Day. Attendance. 10,000.
•.WASHINGTON. June 4.— Dineen lost
the game to-day by a wild throw to first !
in the eighth inning. Attendance. 1500. j
•■ir'core:
■ ("lUh?— R. H. E. I
\V.BKhin«fton 2 6 I
'L-ntsville * 7 3 ;
, rjpc--pinp«>n and McGulre; Ehret and
Sny.ier. . Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
BALTIMORE, June After being out I
of the game for two years owing to an
Injury to his pitching arm, Al Maul went
in to-day and showed his old-time form
<hul shut out the St. Louis club. At
tendance, 1400. Score:
• Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 7 9 0
• Sti Louln 0 3 2
• Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Sudhoft and
.'■Clempnts. Umpiretw— Snyder and Curry.
PHILADELPHIA, June 4.— Plttsburg
defeated Philadelphia to-day by steady
uphill playing. The Phillies hit Rhines
hard In the first inning, but after that
• time could do nothing. Attendance, 3500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 4 6 4
Philadelphia .8 9 5
' Batteries— Rhines and Schrlver; Dunkle. Orth
and Macfarland. Umpires— Emslle and An
drews.
• " NEW. YORK, June The errors of the
'•■.-. Chicagos caused their downfall to-day In
: . Brooklyn. Both Miller and Isbell pitched
•• •. good ball. Attendance, 1600. Score:
' - Club»- R. H. E.
: .Brooklyn .6 6 0
Chicago 4 6 .."» 8
: .- ■ " ' Batteries— Miller and Ryan; label 1 and Dona
■ • • hue. -Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
"• BOSTON, June Boston-Cleveland, no
;'. •■ . -game; rain.
Young Griffo Released.
SACRAMENTO. June 4.-A1 Griffith,
. known to pugilistic fame as Young Griffo,
vho was awaiting trial for manslaughter
' ' for killing "Young Bull" McCarthy of
Philadelphia, in a glove contest In this
city, a few weeks ago, was released to
day on habeas corpus. Judge Hart, who
rendered the decision, said that the death
y •"' was entirely due to accident In a friendly
. |. " contest, and he was satisfied no Jury
would convict Griffo.
Eckstrom Turned Down.
: : • STOCKTON. June 4.— The Republican
• : .County Committee this afternoon, by a
■•: ■ decisive vote, rescinded the star-chamber
.■;. action of a few members in Indorsing C.
T. Eckstrom for the receivership of the
"':.■■'■ United States Land Office In this city, re
: • cently made vacant by the death of Mr.
'■ •. Sargent. George A. McKenzle was In
•: • dorsed and information to that effect sent
to Senator Perkins. Eckstrom Is at pres
ent holding office under a Democrat
through a fusion scheme effected by a
few Republicans at the last election.
Conflagration at Salinas.
f SALINAS, June The Metropolitan
restaurant on Main street and the build
•; ing adjoining, containing, a cigar-store,
were destroyed by fire this afternoon.
During the conflagration an awning in
front of the burning buildings fell, hurl
ing Fire Chief MeCollum. Fireman Wat
son and an outsider to the ground." The
stranger's left leg was sprained and Wat
son was seriously hurt. The loss was
about $6000. The fire started from a'de
fective ' flue leading from the kitchen
range to a heating apparatus in the din
§ ing-room. ' .'. r-jV,'- : »
' Advances made on furniture and, pianos. with
or without nmoral. J.Nooaan. lAIT-1021 Million.
THE EMPORIUM.
TTr "Z ; Another great treat is prepared for the patrons of the big store. Beginning to-morrow, in a "'" tvt n/r™^-
New Books. specially built *, ark room on the first floor, will be exhibited Nelson A Primus New Marches. .^
Publishers Our * ' .....::> . .. These brilliant two steps— just pub-
Cheerful Yesterdays. ' Hi gin Prlce - " * Celebrated CLd>i # d ¥% '" C*-' W\* 4 * M ' lished-On sale in our Music Depart".
son ..............: .....J2.00 ii.M vcicui aiCU 998 ■■■¥%■■*+"*£<+'■: i-^^^v + irw *r /TV U^l->^T"^k 77 ment at 33« per cent off list price; .
|sgg» - Painting. . tnnst Betore riiate. ££SL III ■■
and war. Harris ti&o $i.35 . . , 1 he ureat oatiiesnip marcn. .
The War of Worlds. Wells.. $1.50 JJ-3a — ia -> f c , r.« . . in i •£ • j •«••'■■• a ■ fA t . « t . • — _f T~U XY7 Dewey's Victory March.
in B Tun c with " th^Tnflnite " $1:51 :5 Canvas, feet, exhibiting: 40 life-sized figures. A recast of the original, now in possession ot John Wana- p ide of the Navy Two-step. •
Yine 11 . .... e r .. F . prn :*i.25 si.l 6 ma ker, Philadelphia, which cost him $125,000. Pronounced by clergy and laymen to be the most striking and in- The Atlas Two-step. . .
«* ••••• 1 -?:..^ .» •• •" structive work of the age— B a. m." to 6p. m. daily— Saturday until 10:30 p. m, ; 1 The Native Sons March " .
Wash Fabrics, Etc*
25 pieces of Woven Dotted
Etamine — 27 inches wide—
©v, woven, mind you, not print-
€£/?j^ .^ cd — extra fine finish in sev-
fy^Mj^j eral shades of linen color,"
{$?. )fS. ?S with pin dots in bright colors
v <'n*<v\*— —goods that were made to
•■'•V^'i^k se " for 45C yard- Our price
Ysj. .:>r >4V>\ this week, or while the on
£f~A"-'ss 1 1\\ lot lasts
///OJ\\ X I/- 'I »* Belfast Jacquard Suiting—
*/D*^ I \ I! -I X 29 inches wide— in fancy col-
ir If ' ['•'' Iv ore d stripes, small and neat,
\ ' J'l I .'•'* Vlfe an< * dainty figured effects—
Vif -/?' l>^iy^v-^J7 linen colored and has the ap-
L^bJ" '^^:jj^3 pearance of being all linen—
,^K-^>il'.'. ~?t/$L-a the patterns are in red, black,
-^t_^^£t£^^r brown, white and blue. Our
>^- — special price this week.. |— j
Printed Long Cloth— extra soft silky finish, in 20
charming designs — suitable for waists and dresses — in
the width 32 inches— price per yard *"C
Flannel Back Pique for Children's Wear, Women's
Underskirts, etc., half a dozen qualities in 20 or more pat-
terns from which to choose, a very excellent quality, -^
27 inches wide, per yard jUC
Other grades 40c, 45c, 50c, 65c, j=>c and $1.
White Corded and Fancy Piques for shirt waists,
dresses, children's coats, etc., in 6 qualities, ranging - c -
from 20c to '^C
For Fine Tailor Suits*
Our prices on any one of these materials
mean a saving of fully $3.00 a suit — comparison
of qualities and prices is a perfect test of the
truthfulness of this statement.
50-inch Corkscrew Coverts in Vigeraux effects — new
blues, new greens, new browns and new grays — most ex-
cellent value— compare it with the best $1.50 values -. ~~
you have seen — this lot, while it lasts, per yard 4>>.UU
48-inch Crystal Tailor Suiting in the new blues, new
trowns, new modes, new greens and new grays a
splendid wearing fabric— strictly dust repellant— see if it
is not identically the same material that you have * . --.
seen elsewhere at 52.00 the yard — our price $*.-)U
42-inch Black Perola and Crepon Cloths in the very
la est designs and effects — no more stylish materials cam?
from the looms this year — now selling per yard *. rr\
First Aisle to Left
of Market-street entrance.
Our Dollar Gloves*
We honestly believe them to be the very
best Dollar Kid Gloves lor Ladies that are
s~^>% produced — there are never any
(^< ?i? i 1 complaints at any rate fromcus-
Vt./'fi tomers. Every pair is fitted to
• \>y \ the hand, and they are beauti-
z^\/^j^7 fully shaped, perfect fitting
*^fy&j£py~^l gloves. As with all other gloves
J^y| s /In that we sell, we keep them in
¥ .11 repair free of charge as long as
f] //'*'\ they last. The colors of the
// '' . '\ new lot just in are:
1 1 / U Oxblood, Navy, Mode, (t* \
* English Red, Brown, Black, J) I
. *-Lk"*^-!V—' New Greens, Tans, Whi c, '
.1 .c ' Premiere" 2-clasp real French Kid Glove — the
lightweight kind — is another favorite", witnr the customers
0: the Dig store. The new lot just reciv.'d are in:
- Oxblood, Browns, Black, ft* -f
New R?ds, - | Tans, White. J) J 4^Q
New Greens, Modes,
•
Butterick Patterns Reduced
There has been a "*neral reduction in th* pricis of all
of these best and most Popular Paper Pat em-;. When you
buy "Buttericks" now you not only get the best— but the
best, cheapest. Butterick Patterns and Publications for
July now ready.
. July Delineator 1 5c
July Class of Fashion sc.
July Grand Album 25c
Subscriptions taken for all Butterick Publications.
July Fashion Sheet and Catalogue free on appli-
cation.
Hosiery and Underwear*
Children's Fine Ribbed Black Mno Cotton Hose-
extra doub:e knees, heels and toes— silk -sr\ --'„
finish, fast black— size 5 to 10— at a pair
Boys' Extra Heavy Black Ribbed Cot'on School and
Bicycle Hose— double knees, h;els and in .
toes— fast black— 6to 10— at *7C a pair
Ladies' Fancy Cotton Hose— stripe top anJ I lack boot
combinations— made with -Maco cotton— _._«
double soles, heels and toss— at Z3C a pair
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Lisle Thread Vests— low neck
and sleeveless— colors pink, blue, white and ")p: 1
ecru— at • ••••• •— -^^C each
Ladies' Egyptian Cotton Vests and Pants— vesis hi^h
neck long sleeves, high neck short sleeves and low neck,
no sleeves— pants knee and ankle length... *yp~ 1
■ . Ladies' Sea Island Cotton Union Suits— lightweight-
high neck lonz sleeves, high neck short sleeves and low
neck no sleeves — ankle and knee length r-r\ 
(white 0n1y)..... •• 3UC Stilt
SoY Groceries PS lly
Eight great specials in Fine Groceries and Fam-
ily Liquors for [Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Low as our regular prices are in comparison
with those that you used to pay, we* every day
make some special cuts on standard articles. See
the daily list in grocery i>how windows.
Our new Grocery Catalogue, out this week, tells
the prices that you ought to pay. (Mailed free, city
or country.
Babbitt's Best Soip— for the three days, 3c a*f nn
bar, or 34 for »pJ.UU
Cooper's Olive Oil— large size— regularly 98c on
bottle— for the three day 5...... OuC
• Log Cabin Maple Syrup — regularly 51.25 gal- * f no
lon— for the three days .........; \pJ.Uo
Golden Dates — regularly 8c ib.— for the three _
days • •' DC
Minced Clams— "something very nice"— 1 Ib. - n
tins— regularly 25c— for the three day 5....... ZUc
Cyrus • Noble Bourbon Whisky— "l Crown"— or
quarts— regularly Si. 00— for the three day 5:.............. 85C
Hague Gin— quarts — regularly $1.00 — for the on
three days .»•..—.....••».•••—•.•"• ...:.......;.:.; oUc
": Cyrus Noble Rye Whisky— full quarts— regu- *. __
larly $1.25— : f0r the tlire; day5..... ..................... •..■/»pJ»UD
Main Floor— Rear— , , -
Telephone South 59 : " V--. F
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
f Black All-Silk Plain Grenadines, 24 inches wide. 75c to t^\^£^ V'T
Black All-Silk Plain Grenadines, 24^ inches wide, 75c to '^~\££s& */\
Black Brocaded -Silk Grenadines, 24 inches wide, sOc to — *>r'/^V
iS^ArA Black All-Silk Striped Grenadines, 24 inches wide. 85c to $1.25 yard. ///// / / /
Black All-Silk Plain Grenadines, 44 inches wide, $1.00 to $1.50 yard. W //
i \ Black All-Silk Striped and Brocaded Grenadines, 44 inches 'wide, 85c to $3.50 §_J f
Fancy Plaid Silk Taffeta, in exquisite color combinations, heavy, stylish, good -*
enough for any purpose, only 85c yard. • :, .
22- inch Fancy Checked and Plaid Taffeta, extra fine, heavy quality, in all the latest color combinations, only $1.00 yd.
All Silk Remnants 25 Per Cent
Off for One Day (Monday) Only*
A great accumulation of Plain and Fancy Silks— many waist and underskirt lengths in the lot — all this season's
novelties — at 25 per cent less than the regular plainly marked prices — on Monday all day.
SI 1) W^^^r'^P^^o^^ ~^-^ A "**Z~~a •.' ' '"^ ".. A *V" i
&'"yv >'} lS i^^ 250 pairs of Curtains that have been used as samples in the department, and
f':\\ are consequently slightly mussed and soiled, go on sale to-morrow and until sold
i/P'tt l\ at About Half Their Real Value. There are Nottinghams, Brussels, Irish Point
' \ >'■> \\ and Swiss Curtains in the collection, and the
fV \ X Reduced Prices Range From 75c to $5.00 Pair.
W't^/j A^/\ > co pairs Silk Curtains, double faced, figured all over and cross-striped effects, they are 50
?/(>•%£ ', // Y§S, inches wide and 3 yards lone, just the thing for overdrapes, mantels and portieres, a lot bought by
'y^ / v\*K} us at na ' r ppeer ' cc anc ' on sa ' e at '' ie sam terms f• .
$"M .«-\ $5.00 Curtains $2.50, 10.00 Curtains $5.00 $15.00 Curtains $7.50.
t:£^- % 50-inch Tapestry, for furniture and drapery, pretty patterns in eight colors— terra cotta, blue
i* .-?. Ci v, j*-r and brown, green, red, old rose, olive, pink and green— worth 50c per yard, special this week at 35c.
T&pjffl^P O iental String, charming patterns tor portieres, couch-covers and cozy corners, ordinarily
/v^wvt'^ 51.00 yird, n:>w 60c.
t^LiL^l Tapestry Taole Covers, 2 yards square, new and beautiful patterns, each 52.50.
stecsMv?^ Cherry, Oak and Walnut Poles, 5 feet long— rings, ends and brackets complete, first-class in
every particular, 25c.
Curtain and Drapery Department— Floor— Ladies' Parlor.
:
Table Linens*
Two Specials for ib i coming week — A
new shipment of Table Linens on sale
to-morrow.
72-inch extra heavy double satin damask, in 15 en-
tirely new designs, fully bleached, fine quality, per <tt «-.
yard $J.UU
250 dozen full size all linen dinner napkins in new and *-. -.«
pretty patterns, on sale the coming week, per dozen^^UU
Toilet Article Bargains* •
Solid Back Hand -drawn - _ — ___
Genuine Bristle Hair Brush— j^="" "^ r=l *^|v
a regular 50c Hair Brush -_ V , ■ ■■■
_ Z7C VWfSSmnwS^SSA
Imported Wax Back Tooth
Brushes — the Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar brand — i
as good as any 25c brush — special to introduce them.. 1 f
I JC
f ' "^S Best quality "XX XX" Imported |
cc n 3 fU)[o) i 1 Chamois Skins, size 15x20 inches,
lij^iUlo/Ui J regular 35c each, special this tQ
?~ry«~rvT^\l wee < *" c
I\|\\? \ \\\ \ "Latur'' Violette Toilet Soap, 5 in
\Y^ *^7rAi-^-\ ox ' a 00^ ISC a box Soap; 500 boxes
\^S2V^^2a?° on sale Monday and while the lot
T " ■ m lasts at o
Qq
Warm Weather Shoes*
Vacation almost here — you'll be going to the country
in a week or two now. Have you got your every-day
shoes, your tennis shoes, the knock-about shoes for the
children? It not, here are three lines — excellent of their
kind— limited in quantity, It is true therefore, about half
price to close — better come to-morrow.
s*^ss Sale begins at 9 A M. and while they
I N%v 200 pairs of Lawn Tennis Shoes — the
( %3V>^^ celebrated Boston Rubber Shoe Com-
W^.^ = **^^ S^ »y's make — made with ventilated in-
;r soles and good black satinette tops
— a shoe sold everywhere from $1.25 to
$I.so— sizes 2', 105. While the lot lasts at. ZQ
; O7C
196 pairs of Misses' and Children's /*.
Black and Ox-blood Vici Kid Spring Heel geu/y\
Oxfords— in the coin toe — genuine hand £*&B>^ J
turned ml - v°ry pretty little shoe — Wfrf A
tr^.-^ sizes %v to 2— worth fEI
\%\ U- 25. While-- lEr/
II 2? I the lot lasts at.. /<JC X^V
f2 \ 235 pairs of Ladies' /j^^
J sizes B'^ to 2— worth C**^ /^/^
H. 25. ' While _- PyT
the lot lasts at.. /3C jt\*S
235 pairs of Ladies' /J^^
Vici Kid Heel and C*?^
/sj/j Spring Heel Shoes— Yale toe— patent
//w&r leather tips —fair— stitched soles —a!
JL^r eood-looking shoe — sizes 2j^ to 4^— '
y^^ff E width. While the lot lasts &1 ' ' '
at ; _ vj)1.17 ;
1
Three Parasol Bargains*
Customers tell us that we carry more styles of parasols
than any other store in town. , We feel sure that we can
match any costume that you have in fr
fancy parasols and prices cannot be lower /\//^\ '
legitimately. Here are three specials L^Si/r^ihri a*
or this week: '^^^^iW'V^
Misses' Satin Parasol in cardinal, Y^nf^f^^
navy,' white, light blue, scalloped, ac y /\^'V>J
dainty wood handles, each • 4jC
Ladies' Black Carriage Parasols, -- TW//<(^^h
made of Union silk, one ruffle, stout A|,//(fqSd :
frame, double jointed black "han- or JK/vn^" I
dies, each ............................... - OOC \L^lrW^^)
" , Ladies' Changeable Laventine Par- / /Tr-^/v '
asols. in red, blue, brown, green, para- '1 jl-^-^J^\'
gon frames, natural wood han- * f ~* n ij/l '_ (fly 1
dies, each...... $I.Z\J 'i|\ /f '
»
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Another Lamp Bargain*
wife*!'//' Best $1.25 Incandescent Gas Lamps,
\\v f I '//// 69c each « complete like cut
. \\^L =M j ///, Best 4 ° c Mantles, fit any incandes-
v^TiiJ^' cent gas lamp — our price .' 25c
IJl^UpgySf Macbeth Pearl Glass Chimneys 10c
•P Wm a Very Special Offer.
"^Y/m^S" For Monda V, Tuesday and Wednes-
//. '^3jr ) ' day only— with every purchase of $3.00
///tep\\\v' or over, your choice of any one of a
•■*• ' - lar^e ' assortment of Fancy Globes
worth iroin 50c to $1.25 each— absolutely free of cost.
Cushion Covers*
20x20 Cushion Covers in pretty patterns of
Cretonne, with ruffles — ready for the A£Z r
cushion 3C
24x24 Cushion Covers— made of art ticking
in rich tones — machine embroidered — &>< *}r
with ruffles .85c, 95c and 4>J-«^3
Art Embroidery Department-
First Floor— near Rotunda.
At the Notion Counters;
Horn Hairpins in shell, amber and black— 3 : inches
long— plain and twisted— an assortment of patterns— j^
special price per d^z'n *UC
_-*/-*" "V '7l 'oinTTJ <' W"%**w_ Lidies' Metal Belts in
f&JkJLzJ*^^*-*^*-*^^ gold and oxydized effects
l^}r7fr-ir~^-^hu--^r-^r^Uf —emerald, turquoise and
viftij^J^^HQJ^Jt*j<> ■ ruby colored stones ~_
— special price each -tSC
Dress Shields— ihe extra large sizes that ladies so
often look for and so few stores keep— all sizes here _-.
—prices per pair..... 30c, 35c and £>UC
Very Special This Week.
100 gross good quality White Pearl Button? —
5 different sizes, and all sizes at the same r
special price this week — per dozen
Cameras and Supplies*
Vives, for Films or P1ate5........ $5. 57- 50, $9, $10, $15
Kodaks, for Fi1m5....'.......... ....".....$5, 58, 512. $15
Kodaks, for either Plates or Fi1m5........... $10, $15, $25, $35
Pocos, for PHtes only ...... $5, $7, *12, $15, $20, $25, 5,28
Premos, for Plates only .....$5, $8, $10, $15, $20, $25, $27
Dry Plates. Tripods. ;
Seeds, 26x27. $1.5°. $ -75, $2.00, $3.00,
Cramer, Crown and Ban- $5.00.
ner - _-' . _ Dark Room
p Eastman's Fast and Ex- LanternSt ,
Wuestner's Cyclone, t 25c, 50c, $1.00, $1. 50, $2.00.
All the leading brands of Photographic Paper— Solio,
"X" Special, Aristo Jr., Aristo Platino, "yp\
French Satin Jr., Royal Blue Print, -2*-^^=s
Platin and Velox. . "t^f.W^l ■
Our Photographic Specialties. u^SrXv
Eiko-Cum-Hydro Developer— per 8 ._^Tjfl \
oz. bottle, 30c. fi^^jL^^ »
Eureka Toning Solu- «* -cKJTv/
tion. per 8 oz. bottle, 25c. ('A: x^^SXti a*
4-inch Print Rollers— \^W — -* r T^ " Jt
THE EMPORIUM.
s p^c£S ' Children's Suits.
The first considerable purchase made by our
new clothing buyers in /^"""x f""^V
New York was 600 Suits y»^W Jffiy.
of little boys' clothing on *&pL\\ J*Dv
which the manufacturer /<^iy^/^^^^> =
claims that his average //n^J? ivOsfPi \
loss was 50c a suit. But I I ]ferff»o 'k-\
he wanted the cash badly Mm^jJj^^umS^s/^
and took our offer. Now y \j^ i L r . •
they are ready for you J / /| /UV^ \ /> ~^ :
to-morrow at 9 o'clock, 7/AI JV' ■
and while the lot lasts at MV- • is lJ\f~
the uniform price of THREE A // — \ - ~~~ /V :
DOLLARS AND FORTY-FIVE rf H^jfe'lW
The styles are Sailor Suits, Vcstees anJ Middies.
The materials are all wool and silk and wool mixtures,
trimmed in contrasting colors of smooth satin finished,
cloth silk braids and large pearl buttons.
The sizes are for ages 3 to 8 years.
The values— Most of them you will recognize as worth
56, $7 and SB, and we are ready to stake our reputation on
the unqualified statement that you cannot duplicate a suit
in the lot in this city for less than $4- 50. CO A tZ
The sale price for any of these 600 suits, J)O*nbO
beginning at 9 o'clock Monday, will be... <?
Boys' Suit Department-
Second aisle to left of main entrance.
Men's Furnishings*
If you think, as some men do, that the Emporium is a
woman's store exclusively disabuse your mind of that idea
at once and forever. More than 25,000 square feet of sell-
ing space is devoted entirely to Men's and Boys' Clothing,
Furnishings, Hats and other necessaries.
Asyou enter the Market-street _
door you simply turn to the right #/s^\
and enter the Men's Department*, f*fi> i^\_.
without passing through the *££, 2. ftj!)
women's sections at all. T^\"-a^T
A large shipment of MEN'S
SHIFTS for summer, just re- f^^^^^\)l\
ceived, has materially strength- / Wyr^lUf \
ened the line. We can now ( V J&/J\l \
show the latest and best pro- 7v7 v - r/ ||FA^YK 3
ductions of the foreign manu- / yy/ffl£\ j
facturers as well as the more / \A~ Xn^-V
durable fabrics of our own / -^ j) j\
American looms. These goods Jit .<, (y /'.< )j J
have been made up in full // // /''l
bodies, with cuffs attached or 11 / \ I \
separate — Golf Shirts and jGgil?* / *— JL^aj
Negligees — popular priced. |||*§|fr~--«^ / < #fsi£a
We invite particular attention gglr^gs^l) X^~?&§M
to our exclusive line >•* r\r\ *->**^_^*^-f^ li^ g^P*
at >P ' *\)\J
MEN'S UNION SUITS, the most comfortable underwear
made, save half the fatigue of exercise. Probably the
largest assortment of men's union suits in the West is here.
No other underwear compares with it for fit and the set it
gives to the outer garments. We show a very good suit
indeed at $1.50, and from, that price up to the Finest
"Stuttgarter" Sanitary Wool Suits.
IN NECKWEAR there are two popular prices— 2sc and
50c. So extensive are the lines that we carry of each that
we have made two neckwear departments one devoted
exclusively to 25c neckwear, one exclusively to 50c neck-
wear—and we have tried to stock these departments with
better qualities than are usually sold at those prices. At
any rate, nowhere else so many to select from.
IN SWEATERS— The very latest novelty is the Admiral
Dewey. Pure worsted ; the cuffs, neck and edge woven
in fast — red, white and blue. Some of them have a
large flag design on. breast Without the flag 54.00, with
the flag $4.50.
25 feet of shelving devoted exclusively to Sweaters,
. Bicycle Hose and Belts.
BATH ROBES— A most convenient, useful garment,
which no gentleman should be without. A good one, made
of Turkish toweling with heavy cord to confine it at waist,
can be bought for $2.50.
Many other styles — up to $10 for the fine sets, which
include towels and slippers.
WOFKINGMEN'S SHIRTS— Again we wish to remind
you that we are headquarters for Workingmen's Shirts,
and call particular attention to the best 50c Cheviot Shirt
' made, and will be found on our counters.
GLOVES FOR MOTORMEN AND MACHINISTS— In
buckskin, calfskin and goatskin, at all prices, from
25c to $1.50.
DRIVING GLOVES— Large and varied stock, compris-
ing everything made, from a 50c Driving Glove to Dent's
English Cape. Our Genuine Buck Hand-Weltei Driving
Gloves are particularly recommended.
A Stout Trunk, $3*so*
Flat-top Trunk like picture p* — F~T£3££p
— covered with brown water- '».- . } j~^
proof duek — 4 hardwood cleats *jjiP It :^T* r__^-
;on top, 2 around body and 3'l v |.' / <^—^ r
on bottom — heavy japanneo \\ ■ ' - '?' £
" iron binding — iron bottom— '■ ! fji;
1 iron valance, rollers an' *p . 1 , f_ \) "r
hinges— jipanned corner an c Lit '— • rr^f^^
cleat clamps — stitched leather -J^Ji-*""""'^
handles and iron lifter— japanned patent lock— 7-inch
set-up tray with covered hat box.
These special prices for this week-only..
. 28 inch •30 inch 32 inch 34 inch 36 inch 38 inch 40 inch
$3.50 $3.75 $4.00 $4.25" "$4,'50~ $5.00 $5^50"
Wall Paper*
Pronounced reductions in the cheap, medium
and better grades of Wall Paper. If you intend
papering, a visit to our department will furnish
you with the latest styles of Wall Decorations.
We offer the largest and finest selection of Par-
lor, Hall and Dining-room Papers ever shown
here, in hand-made gilts, heavy embossed and 22-
inch goods— this week at 20c to 30c a roll.
Patterns of extra fine papers for bedrooms,
etc., including many pretty stripes and the latest
shades of terra cotta, blues and greens — 3k to 7k
per roll.
Samples furnished to out-of-town buyers.
Get our low prices on Window Shades.
Patriotic Badges.
More than 200 kinds of Patriotic Buttons and
Badges— the very latest novelties from New York
and Chicago. If there's any particular kind that
you want you are sure to find it here. Special
, Sa cs Tables right at the Market-street entrance.
5
THE EMPOBIUM6
SUNDAY JUNE 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.,
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts., S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl__« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
•RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK 287 Mayes street. «pen until
9.30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarlOn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1944 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk, street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— " The New Domiloa "
California— Hopkins Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonle*. '
Norosco"s— "The Bottom of the Sea "
Tlvoli— "The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville and " Departure of the Peking.
lOlympiaI Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths— bwlinnung,
El Campo— Music, (lancing, boating, fishing, every Similar
Coursing lnglesld c Coursing Park. HE
Coursing— Union Coursing Park,
fcchueizen Park, near San Rafael— Picnic to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Basch Auction Co.— Monday, June 6, Bar Fixtures, etc.
at 821 Batter street, ai 11 o'clock.
HEROES OF THE NAVY.
AS the war progresses the fact becomes evident
that American heroes of the "sea do not belong
alone to tradition. The men on our ships to
day are as brave as the men who fought with Paul
Jones. The sailors with Sampson and Schley are
ready to give up life for country and honor. Where
danger calls the}' are anxious to go.
In all the annals of battle there has been no record
of nobler courage than that of the men who on board
the Merrimac sailed to what seemed certain death.
They did not have the inspiration of cannon roar,
they were not carried away by mad excitement; the
possibility that they would survive to tell the story
of their own daring did not occur to them.
"Greater love hath no man than this, than to lay
down his life for his friends."
Such was the love which buoyed the sailors of the
Merrimac as they steamed away toward hostile guns,
to waters known to be deadly with torpedoes. Each
instant as they advanced they must have expected
the final crash. Yet the eight brave men were chosen
from thousands who clamored for the chance to place
themselves upon the altar of their country. They
loved their country, were eager to die for it. What
people shall stand against a heroism which thus im
pels men willingly to die?
Xo matter what the war may bring forth, what
other heroes may have opportunity to grave deep in
the hearts of their countrymen the knowledge that
our navy is tilled with patriots, these eight men of the
Merrimac must be given a chapter in the proud his
tory to be written of the first unselfish war ever
waged.
Congress will give to Constructor Hobson and the
volunteers who went with him a medal apiece. The
. token will be handed down in every family, and with
Just pride will be told the story it commemorates.
;; There should be a more practical recognition. It
... :Vould be well to have the medals, but in addition
i : there ought to be a pile of yellow disks, the good gold
;. coin of this country, which aiter all is the most prac
'■/ ■ tical form by which- the gratitude and admiration of
•:. the country can find expression.
: . The' names of the men. excepting as to Hobson
;: himself: are as yet unknown, but they will soon be
;. ' familiar to the world. Hobson is not a line officer.
It has been the habit of line officers to regard those
: 6i his class as non-combatants and to look upon
thenr with at least implied contempt. They can do
■ this no more. In the time of supreme peril it was a
"non-combatant" who first said "I will go."
Dewey at Manila recognized the bravery of
Montijo. The Spanish at Santiago recognized the
valor of our intrepid eight. The horrors of war are
touched by such exhibitions with a gleam of light.
WHERE CUBfIN BREfID IS BUTTERED.
AMONG the reports which are current is one
that the Cubans are dissatisfied with the Amer
ican plan of invading Cuba. In all probabil
ity it is groundless, and yet the meager chance
that it may be correct is worth consideration.
When determination was reached to drive the Span
ish from Cuba there was no thought on the part of
anybody in authority of selfish motive. The only ob
ject was to give to the Cubans the government for
the establishment of which they had fought so bravely
and so long. If the Cubans know on which side their
bread is buttered they will accept the help tendered
and listen to none of the Spanish tales of duplicity.
For if they present a hostile front to the Americans
they will lose all they have staked in the game, save
the blessing of being subject to a civilized power in
•tead of a semi-barbarous one.
There is nothing which can stop the onward sweep
of the armies of the United States. If the Cubans
gather under the stars and stripes the island wrested
from Spain will belong to them. If they fail in this
the "stable government" promised will be the govern
ment of Uncle Sam. This circumstance is something
for the Cubans to think about, and if they have not
the sense to draw correct conclusions, surely they
have not sense to govern themselves.
It would be well for them to also bear in mind that
there is in this country a large and growing party
which does not care for the welfare of Cuba and sees
in the destruction of the Maine the solitary pretext
for war. This party has no patience with Cuba, and
regards the conquest there as bringing to America
all the spoil, as the legitimate fruit of conquest. The
act of Cubans in turning against the United States
would be welcomed as sweeping away the last ves
tige of excuse for fighting the battles of an alien
people. If the people prove ungrateful the party now
opposed to them will become dominant and the Cu
ban flag disappear from Cuba along with the flag of
Castile.
The Marietta lacks much in the matter of size as
compared with the Oregon, but she seems to be some
pumpkins herself.
For a man who so many times has been "completely
cut off." Blanco seems to keep a large number of fool
remarks in circulation.
THE UNIVERSAL PEACE UNION.
IT seems to be demonstrated that the white-winged
dove of peace and the American eagle don't fly
together, after war is declared, unless the dove has
transportation inside the eagle.
The American branch of the Peace Union has been
evicted from its quarters in Independence Hall, Phil
adelphia. The president, Mr. Love, addressed to the
(Jueen Regent a letter on April 21 in which he sug
gested that she grant independence to Cuba as a
means of averting war. But he accompanied this ad
vice with rather excessive compliments to her Majesty
and her people. Perhaps he sugar-coated his in
dependence pill rather thickly for diplomatic reasons,
but any way the sugar, as they say in the Custom
house, seemed to be the component of chief value,
and the letter came' near enough violating the statute
against holding correspondence with the enemy in
time of war to justify an outbreak against the Peace
Union and all its works.
For the sake of the work of an international or
ganization to promote peace in the world it is to be
regretted that President Love did not administer his
benevolent counsel a little earlier in the affair, before
war was on. He would then have saved himself and
the union from a position which will tend to discredit
its work in the future.
The misfortune of such organizations is that they
are possessed by too many dreamers and controlled
by inopportune people. In the hands of practical
men and women the Universal Peace Union has a
work in the enlargement of policies that make a breach
of the world's peace less likely. The international
rule that one country cannot be made the mere prey
of another, that war must have cause and provocation,
which rule has grown up with diplomacy, has very
much lessened the number and likelihood of wars.
Formerly a nation which had improved peace by
amassing the wealth that is the fruit of uninterrupted
industry was sure to be the prey of any predatory
nation strong enough to descend upon it. and its
wealth was looted when it had offered no cause of
war. The next advance made was in arbitration of
causes of war when one nation had provoked another.
Before an appeal to arms a way was offered by ar
bitration for the honorable recession from a position
which without such means of honorable withdrawal
would make a fight necessary.
In its platform of principles the International
Peace Union maps out for itself a policy in line with
diplomacy and arbitration, and practical men oper
ating its activities on that platform would be helpful
to governments. In its recent action, however, the
American branch of the union seems to have merely
succeeded in exasperating rather than in soothing
public sentiment, and has put its whole purpose at a
very great disadvantage.
We hope that the suggestion will not be taken as
the expression of a too militant spirit if we advise
the Peace Union that one way to secure peace is to
represent truthfully to the people of nations that are
edging toward war their respective conditions as to a
sure war footing. Spain has been kept in woeful
ignorance of public sentiment in the United States,
and in equal darkness as to our military resources
and capacity to strike crushing blows if we are forced
to do so. If President Love had requested the Span
ish vice-president of the Peace Union, Arturo de
Marceartu, to inform his people as to the facts exist
ing in the United States, the extent of our power,
that we have 10.000,000 men of military age and
fighting capacity, while Spain has a total population
of only 18.000.000. it is quite possible that a more
reasonable temper would have come to those hot
headed people, and instead of urging their Govern
ment to war by threats of domestic revolution they
might hive supported the Queen Regent in the very
recover from the impairment it has suffered.
In the heat which the episode has engendered it is
to be hoped that the American branch of the Peace
Union will pass into better control and its usefulness
recover from the impairment it has suffered.
Meantime, though the white-winged dove of peace
is not laying any eggs just now. it is not well to en
courage everybody in taking a pot shot at her.
THE SUMMER GIRL.
WITH each returning June the civilized world
finds its attention distracted from business
by the appearance along the streets of that
vision of radiant loveliness known as the summer girl.
It is in vain that, sober common sense insists the
beauty is but the old winter girl in new drapery. The
senses, intoxicated with the delight of her joyous
presence, will not have it so. The charming creature
in the shirt waist has nothing suggestive of old girls
about her. She is a new creation. A miracle so
startling in her novelty that we might almost call her
fresh.
In bygone Junes the summer girl has shown her
self but tleetingly in the city, spreading her dainty
wings here only to fly away to the seashore, the
mountain heights or other idyllic spots far from the
marts of trade. She has revealed herself on the busy
streets only to let men see her beautiful new clothes
so that they might be beguiled to follow her to places
where there is no work, nor any toil, but only picnics
by day and dances by night and fair flirtations that
end with one man at one place at one hour only to
begin again at another hour in another place with
another fellow.
In this June, however, the summer girl is a
changed creature. As lovely as ever are the gar
ments of her and as winning as ever is her smile, but
her feet are not hastening from the city this year, and
it seems that her thoughts are not of flirtations. She
has become a soldier of the Red Cross. Her heart is
full of patriotism. Her hands are full of work. She
is as bright and inspiring as the starry banner itself,
and the feeling she excites b one of blessing as well
as of admiration.
All America honors the summer girl. California
looks upon her own with especial pride and reverence.
Nowhere is the summer girl more beautiful in any
year, and nowhere is she doing better work this June.
The ornament of our streets, the charm oi our lives,
the embodied spirit of patriotism and loyalty, she is
lovelier in her Red Cross work than ever at mid
day picnic or midnight dance. God bless her.
The Prince of Wales gives this country his sym
pathy, but does not want Spain to be damaged more
than necessary. A great many other people seem to
feel the same way, but if Spain will insist on getting
in front of our guns sympathy won't save her bruises.
Jim Parker of Arizona remarked on the scaffold
that he was getting something he did not deserve.
However little truth there may have been in the re
mark, it certainly created a better impression than a
promise to meet spectators of the affair in heaven.
While the wisdom of the Government in landing
mules here from Baltimore at a cost of $2.31 may not
be questioned, we confess to inability to discern that
these mules can pull any more or sing any better than
the California article at a third the price.
The weather sharp promises even hotter days than
the two which have just perspired their way into his
tory. There have been occasions on which he has
guessed badly, and there will be a general hope that
this will be another of them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
NO JUSTIFICATION FOR TYRANNY-
THE morning organ of the Democratic faction
which has captured the organization of th^ party
in this city justifies the action of the Demo
cratic State Committee on the ground that it was ne
cessary in order to beat Boss Rainey. It declares that
the recent elections have shown Rainey's strength to
comprise not over 2000 votes, and in order to protect
the other 30,000 Democrats in San Francisco against
the boss it says the Democratic State Committee has
provided for an appointed State delegation and an
appointed municipal convention.
This argument is the weakest that has ever been in
troduced for the purpose of sustaining tyranny. If
the premises laid down are admitted there is no poli
tical outrage possible of perpetration which may not
be justified. The liberties of the people in the future
may be filched from them upon the theory that they
are being protected from some malign influence which
they are unable to meet and overcome. The argument
is essentially paternal. It rests broadly upon the
proposition that a small body of men know better
what the people want than the people know them
selves.
The organ says that its Republican contemporaries
are too solicitous in this matter. It intimates broadly
that the interest which we are taking in the matter
has a selfish purpose, which is to force a Democratic
primary and throw the party organization into the
hands of the Democratic bosses But the argument
which the organ has produced to sustain this theory
is as weak as the other one just referred to. It pre
supposes that 2000 Democrats led by Boss Rainey
can overwhelm 30,000 Democrats led by Mayor
Phelan and Colonel Sullivan. The absurdity of this
become apparent the moment it is stated.
The principle upon which Republican opposition
to the Democratic oligarchy which is now being
formed reposes ought to be plain even to a newspaper
organ engaged in filching the rights of its party
voters. We do not object to the Democratic party
being run in the manner proposed — it will be the more
easily beaten with McNab. Gould and Alford in complete
charg-e — but we have a right in the interest of all the
people to protest against such political methods.
They arc nnDeniocratic and unAmerican. and in call
ing attention to them, we merely desire to apprise the
great body of the Democratic party of the fact that
they have fallen into the hands of tyrants and must
vote the Republican ticket in order to be free.
THE AUSTRALIAN COMMONWEALTH-
LATE advices from Australia are to the effect
that the plans drawn up by the federal con
vention for the proposed union of the colonies
have been well received, and the prospects are that
the long desired federation will be speedily accom
plished. Even in New South Wales, where the oppo
sition has hitherto been strongest, the sentiment in
favor of union is growing.
In a recent issue the Sydney Herald, after review
ing the policy of the opposition, said: "Either the
foes of federation have no counter scheme which is
not condemned in the mere stating, or, having such,
they prefer to put forward schemes which are at once
seen to be hopelessly impossible. So far as appears,
the sole political ideal of the anti-federalists is a state
of provincial isolation for all time."
The federalists propose that the title of the new
union shall be "The Commonwealth of Australia."
This has a republican sound. Canada calls herself
a dominion. That term is suggestive of royal sov
ereignty. The Australians, in view of the fact that
their union is to be in form at least subject to the
empire of Great Britain, did not venture to assume
the title "republic," but it is clear they mean that, for
the title they have chosen carries the idea by impli
cation.
The difficulties in the way of Australian union have
been due to questions of colonial sovereignty over
lands, rivers, railways and public works. According
to the Sydney Herald these difficulties have been
overcome and all the rights of the colonies have been
carefully safeguarded by the convention. This leaves
the opposition no substantial arguments against the
union, and they are compelled to fight solely for the
preservation of the existing order of things. It is,
therefore, essentially a battle against progress and is
doomed to defeat.
In framing the federal constitution the convention
has borrowed from both the United States and Can
ada. The various colonies arc to take the title
"states," as in this country. The parliament is to con
sist of two houses. Six Senators will represent each
state in the upper chamber, while the lower house
will be modeled after our House of Representatives,
being chosen on the basis of popular representation.
The nominal chief executive will be a Governor-
General appointed by the British sovereign, whose
authority in the commonwealth he will represent, but
the real executive will be a Ministry representing the
federal parliament. In case of a deadlock between
the two houses of parliament, such as sometimes
occurs in this country between the House and the
Senate, or between parliament and the Governor-
General, the constitution provides for a joint assem
bly of both houses which can dispose of the issue in
dispute by a three-fifths vote.
With the adoption of the new constitution Aus
tralia will enter upon a new era in its history, and the
effects of the development of the commonwealth will
sooner or later be felt in the larger politics of the
world. Even at present the Australian colonies are
hardly subject to Great Britain. They regulate their
own commerce without regard to her interests and
maintain over all their affairs a virtual local sov
ereignty.
With the increased power which will inevitably
come from the union there will develop an Australian
patriotism of larger aspirations than the colonists
have known. It is not likely they will desire separa
tion from the empire, for they feel no friction from it
tn disturb their sentiments of loyalty, but they will
certainly insist upon having some voice in imperial
affairs. The establishment of the Commonwealth of
Australia may therefore prove to be a long stride
toward the accomplishment of the much talked of fed
eration of the empire.
If the Grand Jury shall succeed in getting the con
tractors for the Hall of Justice to do the work agreed
upon that body will be embalmed in grateful remem
brance. It will be recalled that this building was to
have been completed last fall, that there was no ex
cuse for delay, that the contractors should have been
fined for their neglect and the contract taken away
from them. Instead of this they were granted an ex
tension of a year. As they are now progressing there
is no doubt that at least ten similar extensions will be
necessary. That the conduct both of Bateman
Brothers and the Supervisors has been outrageous
is a mild statement, and that it affords ■ basis for the
jury to work upon there can be no question.
To be sure Wanamaker has got the worst of it
politically, but he has been in a deal in Govern
ment shoes which nets him $70,000 worth of comfort
in this dark hour.
The only trouble with the plan to unfurl over
Morro Castle the largest American flag ever made is
that the castle may not be there at the critical hour.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A gentleman connected with the
Gridley Herald stilll persists that I
have a habit of abusing the country
editor. I must beg the privilege, not
only of saying that he is in error, but
that I wish I were myself a country
editor. Then any city jay who wanted
to poke fun at me could do so and wel
come. If the Herald man thinks that
city newspaper men would accuse him
of lack of ability to use the English
language with excellent effect he cer
tainly has made an underestimate
either of their judgment or of his own
prowess in the matter of words.
Before this article shall reach print
the situation may be changed, but at
the present writing I confess t^ lack of
enthusiasm either as to Sampson or
Schley. They seem to have expended
considerable energy, not to mention
coal and ammunition, in accomplishing
nothing. Cervera is on the wrong side
of the prr/position, and doubtless will
sooner or later be compelled to run up
a white flag or go to the bottom. It
may be remembered that the Maine
went to the bottom, although this is a
forbidden topic by the code erf the
Peace Society. However, while re
fraining from mention of it, I recall it
distinctly, and it serves to ease the
pang which might have been created
by the thought that so clever an ad
miral as Cervera is occupying a pre
carious position between several devils
and an expanse of deep, blue sea. Of
course Cervera will be defeated. He
represents a cause already doomed.
The Americans have the better ships,
the better guns and the better princi
ple for which to fight. But I wish they
might borrow some of the Cervera
cunning.
• • •
I observe that the Hamburg-Ameri
can Packet Company has in defense of
itself invaded such proper columns as
those of the Boston Transcript and is
sending copies of that paper, duly blue
penciled, to the public generally.
Doubtless there is virtue in the Ham
burg-American outfit, but the quality
of it displayed in selling ships to Spain
when the purpose was hostile to the
United States does not, even with the
indorsement of the Boston Transcript,
appeal to me as indicating a lofty or,
I may say, decent, state of patriotism.
The line in question has made money
from American patronage. It does not
deserve to make another cent. If any
American contemplating a trip abroad
patronizes this line I will call into
question his standing as a loyal citi
zen. The Hamburg-Americans may
\\<>o and win the approval of all Bos
ton, but out this way the influence of
Boston is not markedly strong. It may
be an authority on beans, but as to de
votion to the flag I prefer a town in
which editorial space is not to be pur
chased.
» • •
Last Sunday a number of rich men
were kind enough to let the world know
the fashion by which others may grow
to be like unto them. All through the
articles ran the assumption that every
body desires to be the possessor of a pile
of useless gold. Certainly the money
a man has beyond that he can use, if
not for himself, then for the better
ment of his fellows, represents an ab
solute waste. It stands for care and
futile toil, responsibility, burden. The
greater the hoard grows, the more ap
palling the certainty that in the un
equal division of wealth one instance
of opulence means countless instances
of the pinching of poverty. There is
no scheme by which all may grow rich,
albeit they who by scrimping, or
through what they consider good luck,
have managed to do so, will gravely
lay down a method as infallible. Some
are born without the instinct either of
thrift or of miserliness. They have
not and never can acquire shrewdness.
They are foredoomed to struggle for
bread. There is not in existence enough
wealth to give to each a share. The
astute among us absorb it and then
tell the rest how the trick may be done.
I am not railing at the existence of
great fortunes, but I object to having
people drag out miserable lives in pur
suit of a prize which is seldom to be
attained, and having been reached
brings with it no happiness and only
such distinction as may be embodied
in a lofty headstone, lyingly inscribed.
When a man of fortune, the basis of
which he earned, employs it in the con
struction of factories or transportation
lines or material development, he be
comes to this extent a public benefac
tor. Certainly he is a necessity. With
out him great works would languish,
for it is hard to imagine an ideal state
in which property would be held in
common and administered for the ben
efit of all. Among the gentlemen
quoted, not an individual proclaimed a
rule other than the one laid down by
the farmer to his boy when the lad
had asked how to get rich. "Work
like hell and never spend a cent," the
old man had responded. Such is the
substance of Huntington's remarks. I
cannot think of a reason why a sane
man should aspire to Huntington's
place in the world. He is generally
regarded as unscrupulous, and the hes
itancy about telling him so is not not
able. He says, "Be honest." But
where would he have been now had he
applied this to his own acts? Then
there is C"arnegie. One naturally thinks
of the aerated armor plate he sold the
Government, and turns a deaf ear to
his counsel. As to W. "W. Astor, he
has no business to give advice. His
ordinary indulgences would be the
wildest extravagances to any but a
many-time millionaire. I cannot go
through the whole list, nor indeed is
this necessary. The man who gets
rich, grossly and inexcusably rich, does
not do so by his own efforts. He does
it by getting the benefit of the labor
of others, by preying on the common
necessity. Had Adam secured a sit
uation 6000 years ago at $10 a day,
worked Sundays and holidays and lost
no time, never spending a cent for
hoard, fig leaves, car fare or anything
else, he would now have in bank $21,
900,000, possibly a half of the Hunting
ton accumulation, possibly a quarter
of the amount the pious Rockefeller has
squeezed out of the race. It is to be
regretted that Shakespeare died with
out having left a formula for the writ
ing of plays and that Milton and Ho
mer neglected to bless posterity with
some certain rule by which anybody
competent to grasp a pen could build
deathless poetry by the rod. For it
is just as sensible to suppose that all
of us can be Shakespeares and Miltons
and Homers as that we can study the
methods of the rich, and after the
manner of them heap up treasure. Any
By HENRY JAMES
how the scheme is not worth trying.
To me there is no more wretched and
despicable figure than the miser, count
ing his beloved coin, or the Russell
Sage, his store swollen by usury and
the ruin of other men, standing almost
at the edge of the grave and Joying
to see grow the unclean pelf he cannot
take with him.
• • •
Possibly there was no one so sur
prised at the prompt acquittal of Wal
ler as "Waller himself. Had he sus
pected that his trial would not only
be brief, but result in a complete vin
dication for him, there seems a prob
ability that he would have sought it
rather than made a technical fight such
as the public has learned to accept as
a virtual plea of guilty. Ido not sup
pose the general opinion concerning
Waller has been changed by the ver
dict. I have not the honor of know
ing the gentlemen who had the dis
tinction of serving as jurymen. I would
not say they were "fixed," for this
would be to imply corruption on their
part, which heaven forbid to be true.
But neither would I 50 so far as to
say they were not "fixed," for such
things have happened, and I can im
agine no occasion on which they would
be more apt to happen than at the trial
of a member of the San Francisco
Board of Education, charged with so
liciting a bribe.
* • *
"When the first regiment of regulars
marched away from San Francisco the
multitudes who turned out to watch
them go noticed a grizzled veteran who
rode at the head of the column. This
was Colonel Evan Miles, the modest
hero of many a battle, a man who had
been thanked by Governors and Con
gressmen because of his courage and
diplomacy which had saved their peo
ple from the marauding Indians, who
fought through the Civil "War and
fought well, and who ever since has
been in the service of his country. The
war with Spain has been in progress,
or rather, has been in existence, more
than a month. In this time other of
ficers have been advanced, nobodies,
and the sons of somebodies have been
taken from civil life, in which they
have been conspicuous failures, and in
vested with title and authority. I re
gret to say that Miles has been over
looked. That he has no pull is evi
dent. If in his heart he has wished
for promotion he has depended upon
his record to secure it, and records do
not seem to count. Perhaps it is not
seemly to find fault with the adminis
tration. I do not doubt that the ad
ministration, like the Texas orchestra,
is doing the best it knows how. But
when it picks up a Russell Harrison,
a Jim Blame or a Fred Grant and puts
straps upon their shoulders, while it
permits Colonel Evan Miles to plod
along unrewarded, I would like to call
it down much harder than it is my
power to do. Perhaps Miles is under
the disadvantage of having the same
name as the head of the army, but to
permit this circumstances to make any
difference would indicate on the part
of General Miles a petty jealousy which
I hesitate to credit him. Surely the
army could stand two Generals Miles
of different grades, as well as two Gen
erals Otis.
• • •
The pleasing information reaches me
that Attorney Kowalsky is not happy
over the few brief remarks I made con-
cerning his numerousness on the occa
sion of Remenyi's death. If I recall the
circumstances correctly, the remarks
were not designed to promote his joy.
Kowalsky undoubtedly has his uses,
but it does not seem to me that the ad
ministration of estates is one of them.
t Just at present there appears to be a
fear that Cervera is on his way to the
Philippine* and that the famous San
tiago bottle is filled mostly with water.
I do not see why there should be any
sensation approaching fear. A gentle
man named Dewey is at the Philippines
and he has a pretty good fleet himself,
good enough certainly to get away with
anything Cervera has under his com
mand. If Cervera try to enter Manila
harbor he will be discouraged at the
initial attempt, and so thoroughly that
if his friends want to give him Chris
tian burial they will first be obliged to
fish foT him.
• * •
It could reasonably be wished that
those two men of letters, George Alfred
Townsend and Edward Cahill, would
pair on the writing of poetry and stick
to prose. Of the latter Townsend can
write much and Cahill write well. But
the little birds which, sleeping in the
souls of them, were awakened by the
sound of martial music can neither sing
worth a continental darn.
The San Rafael man who tore the
tongue from a horse which, in protest
against underfeeding and overloading,
had been rash enough to balk, will go
to jail far four months and pay a fine
of $250. A balky horse is certainly an
irritation to the race and generally the
direct fault of it. This can be no ex
cuse for the wretch guilty of the cru
elty. The law makes no adequate pro
vision for such malefactors. He de
serves to be tarred and feathered, tied
to a post and whipped, and then hooted
from the haunts of men. But all this,
however commendable, is not practi
cable. I call to the attention of the of
fender the utility and beauty of suicide.
Question has been raised as to
whether the possession of colonies by j
the United States would be "constitu- •
tional." It will bo remembered that ;
a similar question is raised in relation
to everything else. I have not the hap
piness to be a lawyer. As a citizen
respecting the constitution and realiz
ing the circumstances under which it
came into being, I am in favor of j
amending it so as to fit conditions !
which did not at that time exist. The
constitution I take to- be the formu
lated will of the people. An individual
can change his mind and as great a !
privilege should inhere to the collec
tive minds of a commonwealth. It is
not clear that our forbears knew of a
time when we might want to take and
keep the Philippines. Had they done
so, they might have made provision for
it. I think living men can make bet
ter laws for the guidance of living men
than laws never so wise and benign,
made by men who have long been dust. I
If to take the islands seems best, I
would be in favor of taking them, and
changing the constitution to fit the
case. It seems to me an absurd prop
osition that the will of the people once
put on record becomes so unchangea
ble that it may be used to defeat the
will of the people driven to new chan
nels by unwonted environment; ' and
: stimulated by a patriotism to a course
; of action once, deemed far beyQhd tho
possible. .:•.'• -
• • • ■•:.-.
Why there should have been so many
lies printed concerning- the war . with
! Spain is a mystery, but not more/so fro
j the public than to the riewspa.p£r";.rnen.
I That the Government has -chosen to
clog the ordinary channels of -news is
an act of wisdom with which-'no-rea
sonable person will find fault: 'But to
utterly shut off information, frorh th i
scenes of activity is an impos^fbi.Hty.
More or less of it will leak through "and
is certain to be eagerly receive^.. JAlong
with this has come a mess of /rubbish,
some of it without shadow /of/ founda
tion, but it had to be published,-. -for at
the time of receipt there was jit^reason
for doubting its integrity. I -/confess
that this puzzles me. Despite- a-.fooUsh
opinion to the contrary, newspapers
do not wish to print bogus .ihfprma
ti(m. Any reporter knows/ .that .for
him to write a deliberate- "fatte" is
equivalent to handing in a resignation.
I The correspondents who hive gone to
the front seem also to have gone daft. '
At any time save during war such con-,
duct as theirs would mean dismissal. I
do not kntrw more than th,ree papers in
the United States which would print as
truth a statement they knofet? to be
false. These are the New York Journal,
the New York World and the San
Francisco Examiner. But tfcji-s. linholy
trio constitute a class apart, not to be
considered in discussion of jourjnallsni.
Other papers try to get the exact news,
but during the last month, there is nut
0-ne of them but has been fooied on
more than one occasion. War. seems
to be demoralizing. We la-ug-h at the
wild fabrications of the Spanish press, .
and yet among the journalspof this
country, staid, painstaking, i>rbud of
their accuracy, ready to go to any ex
pense to get the real news, there is not
one but has been led into the absurdity
of reporting details of battles never
I fought, speeches never made,,' inter
views never given. Ido not know what
can be done about it. When a story is
traced to its source there does n->t seem
to be any source. I suspect the sea
gulls.
FOR AN ALLIANCE;
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Sir: The sentiment of General
Barnes is that of the people— that "the
| destiny of this nation points further than
: some can see. All territory seized in war
must be retained to add luster to the glory
of the last and greatest of the -nations."
Let Russia, Germany, et al. howl and
| bluster as they please. What we fairly
win by our sword we will surely hold by
our sword, as the trustee of oppressed
Peoples, who claim (with us; and shall . •
have the inalienable right to lift- liberty
S ai ; d v , th , e J pursuit of happiness, :sq long
, withhold from them by the bloodthirst.
: tyranny of Spain, that loathed nation o"f
arrogance, thumbscrews an.l racks. While
1 she vainly plots with kindred despotisms
I to block our way, let us lock arms with
I Kngland, our natural ally and true friend
ana together sweep despotism's- slavery
; and inhumanity into the crowded limbo of
I the past. Spain is the born foe" of our
; race, and she must be humbled and
| crushed. No half measures will suffice
■no compromise is possible. The c-laws of
this hyena of the nations must be cut, and
I its blopd-reeking fangs drawn once for
| all, thoroughly and finally, so: as to bo
rendered powerless to further block the
progress of humanity and present an ob
! ject lesson to nations of the same ilk
j Spain Hung her imperious armada against
; the brave mother of our race in Eliza
; beth's day, only to meet utter destruction
; at the hands of her gallant seadogs, aided
| by the alliance of the stormwinds of of
' fended heaven. Her final doom awaits
i her now that she dares hurl her rotten
j modern armada against the stalwart off-
I spring of the old mother. She relies on
' frail reeds when she looks to the effete
j despotisms of Europe to champion her
' falling cause against us, since no possible
combination of them will be rash enough
tn face the Thor's hammer of the invul
: nerable Anglo-Saxon race In resisi
! fraternal alliance; and if they did, that
: hammer would crush them to impalpable
powder, to be blown by the four winds
into everlasting oblivion. Let them diukc'
: no mistakes, for we have done with our
family fun (which they diplomatically
| encouraged) of twisting the lion's tail, and
' (to quote General Barnes) we now reach
j across the ocean in the spirit of peal race
\ fraternity, say to the lion, "Shake a
] paw!" and the non responds, "Here, shake
1 both!" Together we can wnip the unruly
; world into submission and secure the
blessings of civilization, freedom and
peace for peoples whom centuries of op
i pression and cruelty have reduced; to. the.
condition of helpless- !and- pitiable
' This, sir, is the. glorious- mission and des
1 tiny of the united branches of the Anglo-
Saxon race. Yours respectfully,
I>R. -VB: FRANCIS.
I Oakland, June 2.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at .Tojsrnsend's.*
Special Information supplied: daily to
business houses' and • public., men; by the
Press Clipping Bureau. <Allen's); 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Mail*. 1042. •
NEW RHYME FOR CADIZ.
Byron made "Cadiz'. 1 rhyme with "In
die?"; but if Sampson ever c-roSses the
Atlantic he will make it .rhyme with
"hades." — Chicago Times-HiTaldv ;.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion, wilt leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via.
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Railr :
way. Tourists will be accommodated 1 in first- '.- ■'•;•
class Pullman cars; tickets will be = sold; in- ' .:• .7
eluding berths, meals and trip through th« '..'. "'•'
Park. Send for circular glvlng.'xate -aridltlner- • !•'
ary to T. K. STATELER, ..Oneral Agent. ".-••.;.
Northern Pacific Railway. 63S Mark^tßt.',' {L F. .■ "-(•
"And what did she say when ycruasked '. : . ;':
her to put your love to'the test?."' ■ : ■ • , .• ;■•'_
"She suggested that I might act as her ' • •.-•'
brother Bill's substitute :iri the .-war with.
Spain." — Chicago News.' • .-;" - • . ■■■'■
: : : — .-.,-. . . .•■
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■- ' . j -.- . -; :
CAN'T \'^\'i
OrnATI ODE SALES AT THE B. • ■
V rllr PRICES WE.OON. H
OIV/1 TINUE TO QUOTE. . :H- " : .
CARPETS.
Sewed, Laid and Lined at Price's • H
PSA V» For Tapestry: gocd patterns; ¥i
Ottw full assortment. "' . .'._. ri .;■'
£*€%** Heavy Tapestry: .close, weave; E|; • ...
V3^V»- 20 patterns to select from. •" -H'
7 7 c Best Quality end 10-wlre Tap-, t] ' ' :
( Iw estry; borders .to match; "all §| • '•-
: manufactures. ;• ': H' - '
QQ/> Heavy body velvets, with." bor-: §]'■
OOw ders; rich new designs. - . "H "
.- MOQU ETTE RUGS. I
18x36, 85c; 27x63, $1 75; 36x72, .$2 95.-.; H
Japanese Linen Warp Matting, slightly fjj •
discolored; 25 rolls; 16c per yard while h
it lasts.
Furniture. I
<Ulft QSt 3-piece Solid Oak Cham- B ••
<J> 1 \J •*£, O her • Suit ; Toevel .plate, 24 ■ • : '- :;'
J ■ x3O; elegant gloss finish; B :
good value, at $25; see .it H
in our. window. • .M •• '•
CC fl^Z For those elegant •Curaii- • B " ." "
«P^*»VJt» roy Couches; deep tufted H■ ' ■■'
and fringed. •• Ej " '".
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. I: ■
3 ■ doz.: odd Rockers to close:, high f|
■ back; all in 0ak..............5i 20 each U ...
ALEX MACKAY & SON, -
715 Market Street. i •MEN WHO ARE FIT FOR THE ARMY
;■■■■■■ ■■• •
Civilians Do Not Alwaus
IB (Shine In the Recruit
; Ing Office.
Ttieu All Want to Go, Hut a
1 Rule's a Rule in
; the Army, \
IN the door of the Recruiting Office
stood the private, the slim. trim, mili
tary-tail.m-i! private of the regulars.
Over the door stretched the sij;n:
"Wanted— Recruits for the First Regi
ment' United States Infantry. Apply
■within."
To the wind- >\v ulass was pasted the
lithograph of t):e recruiting service — gay
Mend .>f Cavalry yellow, Artillery red.
Infantry white, and the Union's blue.
proud military figures of men a id horse,
d and gun. eagle and laurels, stars
nnd stripes, buttons and braid, leading a
f prices, conditions and stipulations.
inducements to civilians between the
of eighteen and thirty-five tv
•ke th.j paths of peace. Be
fore the door and the window
gathered the recruits. Together they •
crowded th* wnlk to the singly
passed the private at his post. And
for every man who went in at the door
two camf tii fill his place on the street.
This was ;it 11 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing, and the world was frying In the sun.
• Even at the corner of Market and Third
ts. where the army has set up this ■
newest r^cruiti: tr offl c and where the
four, winds of heaven yare wont to meet
' hirl, there was not a breath of air.
The cobbles burned, the asphalt melted,
rrh smoked in the heavy pul
heat: Men went about their business of
the street in the shade of buildings,
■women rode nervelessly from shop to
.shop in cars, beasts of burden toiled with
drooping necks and steaming sides.
The recruits stood in line and the sun
Brnote them full on the he '
There w«re old men among them: there
wr-re boys. Courage Is not born punctu
ally at eighteen, nor does it wither
8t thirty-five. It came tr. the re
c~ilt!r g : office in the green and in !
the sere of the army limit, passed in at
the door high with hope and passed out
, again leaving hope behind, for a rule's a
.'rule in the army.
■■"■ Rome of them took their warning first
from the private at the door, and each
SCOTS PREPARING FOR
A GRAND CELEBRATION
THERE WILL BE A RALLYING
OF CLAWS AT SHKLL JttOUND.
Merry Games for the Jovial and the
Soothing Music of Highland
Pipes for the Nervous
and Weary.
For some time past the members of the
games committee of the Scottish Thistle
Club have been busy perfecting arrange
ments for the sixteenth grand annual
gathering and games, which will take
place at Sh^ll Mound Park, on Monday,
July 4. On Thursday evening last the
committee met and received reports from
the various sub-committees.
Invitations were ordered to be sent to
aH the public officials in both city and
, all societies situated in this city
and c'ountv and kindred societies in the
interior besides to all parties who had
• favored' the club in the past
It was also decided that all soldiers so
«Journing in San Francisco, as well as all
¥ persons appearing in highland costume
would be admitted to the park free of
A band and a corps of Highland and
I took it differently, as the manner of tak- j
j ing a.dvice differs alike in time of peace j
; or war.
! "What do you want here?" asked the
guard, throwing out a good-natured arm |
: as a lad passed him with a rush.
"Join, of course."
"You're under."
"Under what?"
"You're too young."
The boy flushed. "I can fight," lie said,
j looking- ". "Why am I too young?"
"Well." answered the soldier smiling on
him. "because you're too young."
The men about the door laughed, and j
the boy tore through them, elbowing his
way fiercely to the street.
"He'd make a good one." said a man
looking after him. 11- turned to the pri- !
vate at the door. "Wouldn't he?"
The private studiea him in his turn.
"You're too old," he said suddenly.
The man squared his shoulder and sa- j
luted.
"Am I?" ho paid, passing jauntily in. ;
We'll see!" ;
In ten minutes he was on his way to I
the street with the military spirit gone j
out of him. :
At the extreme end of the long bare ;
room was a tall white screen partitioning j
oft* a cover for the physical examina
tion of the men. Between this and the
crowded entrance vibrated the recruiting
officer and his corporal. They wore the
picturesque relief dress of the service, j
the gray cavalry hats and the manners
of their calling. They walked the bar
ren length of Boor as if it were a parade
ground. Their fine, soldierly young fig
ures cut splendid reliefs upon the desert
of yellow wall, and the blue of their uni
forms illuminated the waste of white |
scr^»n.
Along the walls the men huddled with i
WHAT IS TO BE SEEN BEHIND THE SCREEN AT THE RECRUITING OFFICE.
the civilian's awkwardness under review
and that air of conscious guilt which
marks man under examination for good
or evil, for murder, lire insurance, Jury
duty or the army. Woman misses this
sense of shame, . whatever it springs
Irish pipers were engaged to furnish the
music for the occasion.
The prizes, it was decided, should be up
to the standard of last year, and cash will
be paid to the successful competitors In
all the events except those set apart for
amateurs, who will be awarded elegant
and costly gold and silver medals
The following clansmen were appointed
on the reception committee, to assist
Chieftain Andrew Ross In entertaining
the clubs guests: Hugh Fraser, Alexan
der Nicholson, James Niven, Alexander
Sharp, P. A. F. Keith, Hylanin Duncan
James R. Watson, Malcolm McLean
John Smith, John Braid, David Vomit:
W. D. Chalmers, A. Carlisle. David Pol
lock. Alexander Cleland, Neil Campbell
Thomas Christie, Robert Pollock God
frey Dawson and Richard F. Wilson
Peter Riddle was selected as floor mana
ger and Alexander Young as assistant
As official starter, John Donaldson was
chosen.
PREPARING THE IRISH FAIR.
Work on Famous Buildings and
Pretty Booths for the Exhibi
tion Now Under Way.
The executive committee of the Celtic
Union having charge of the proposed
Irish fair, which is to be held iii Me
chanics' Pavilion in August, is greatly
encouraged at the willingness of mer
chants and manufacturers 10 exhibit on
the occasion. Among the firms who have
taken space are: Messrs. Tillmann & Ben
del, Spohn-Patrick Company. Aunt Je
THE SA"S* FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
THE DEADLY EYE TEST.
from, and looks the better for it.
"Where's your character?" asked the
lieutenant, of a man standing miserably
on one foot.
The foot came down as the rest of the
man .straightened up.
miroa Pancake Company, H. S. Crocker
Co., Morgan & Co., Pirn Brothers, Rich
ardson & Co., California Art Glass Co.,
i Hires' Root Beer Co. and other well
known corporations.
During th»* coming week twenty work
man, under the direction of C. D. Robin
son, the well-known painter of California
scenes, mid W. M. Campbell, an artist
and architect, will build booths and paint
< scenery In the structure adjoining the
i Pavilion, which has been rented for that
I purpose. All the Interior decorations of
the fair will be prepared there, so as to
be ready for the opening on August 20.
There will be a "Blarney Castle," a "Tara
Hall," Limerick race scene, "Rocky Road
to Dublin," Lakes of Killarney, Irish
Houses of Parliament, Sir Walter Ra
leigh's plantation and other structures
ana pretty -booths, which will cost over
13000.
A commit toe will be appointed to. collect
historical relics and paintings of an Irish
nature. So fat many collectors have sig
nified their willingness to exhibit their
collections, and it is expected that it will
be one of the finest loan exhibitions ever
arranged in this city.
At the meeting of the Celtic Union last
Thursday evening the resignation of
Colonel Barry was accepted, as he will
leave with his regiment for Manila within
a short time, Jeremiah Deasy was elect
ed to fill the vacancy. He has proved one
of the best workers In the undertaking
and will devote further time and energy
to the project.
There are more public holidays in Hono
lulu than any other city in the world.
BY ALICE RIX.
"I don't know," he answered, smiling
foolishly.
"Your certificate of character," ex
plained the lieutenant. "Didn't you bring
one? You've got to have a character, you
know."
PREDICTED NORTHER
WAS A MILD ONE
THE SECOND DAY OF THE
WARM WAVE A SCORCHER.
Forecaster Hammon Says It Will Be
Cooler To-day in This City.
Citizens Will Rejoice.
The norther which was predicted for
{ yesterday was a mild one, but neverthe
less it was an uncomfortably hot day.
The heat was more exhausting than is
usually the case, as there was 34 per cent
of moisture in the atmosphere. At about
2 o'clock the highest temperature of the
day was recorded by the thermometer,
which showed about 88 degrees.
Forecaster Hammon says that it will
be cooler in this city this afternoon, but
In the Interior it will be warmer than it
was here yesterday. In his general fore
cast he says Sunday will be fair with
fresh northerly, shifting to westerly
I winds on the coast. He does not antici
pate that any damage to the crops or
fruit wfll result from the warm wave.
Rain has fallen throughout the region
between the. Rocky Mountains and the
Missouri River. It is more than likely
The smile went out suddenly. "I don't
know," said the volunteer, "where I could
get a character. I'm a stranger here.
Couldn't you take me on trial?"
The officer shook his head and passed
that this warm spell will be ■ followed^ this
evening by a heavy fog, as such Is gene
rally the case after three days of ex
tremely hot weather. ,
Mrs. Meinan Succumbs.
Mrs Freda Meinan. of 217 Minna street,
died in the German Hospital of carbolic
acid poisoning last night. On the eyeing
of May 26 she was playing cards with her
husband and sister-in-law, when she arose
from the table and taking a bottle of
carbolic acid from the closet, swallowed
a portion of the contents. The only ex
planation her friends can give is that she
raised the bottle to her lips in Jest, think
ing it was corked. It was open, however,
and she had taken the deadly drug be
fore she was fully aware of what she
was doing.
Injured While on Duty.
The Board of Fire Commissioners re
quested the Supervisors to award Daniel
R Sewell, foreman of Engine 30, $n0 for
loss of a month's time by reason of his
injury which was received while attend
"The same body instructed the Mayor to
sell nine horses belonging to the Fire De
partment that have outlived their use
j fulness, and to turn the money receive.]
for them into the city and county treas
ury. .
Dresden's new central railroad station,
•which has been six years In building, has
been opened for general traffic.
It Is Hard to Refuse " the Pat
riotic and Spirited
Youngsters.
No More Drummer Boys Are
Taken Nowadays by
Uncle Sam.
\ on. The volunteer plucked his sleeve
; timidly.
"Perhaps you could advise me where to
! get one?" he said. "I'd like to go to the
front."
The corporal followed his superior officer
!In the march. Both eyed the men closely
ias they asked preliminary questions.
Sometimes, even when these were an
swered glibly enough, a man was left
\ standing against the wall. There was
something else for which the practiced
' military eye was looking.
Away went the chosen few, two and
! three at a time, in the wake of the army
i men. to be tested from top to toe for the
j service of their country.
From behind the tall screen came
i strange, inarticulate, monotonous cries,
■ sometimes followed by sharper re
! torts — the calls of the ear test
given by the officer from the farthest cor
i ncr of the apartment and answered by the
Mother ai}d patter flwait the Verdict.
man under examination as he happened
to hear them or not — the un
holy sound of fingers drubbing against
flesh, the quick expostulation of men
indignant at the accusation of ill
health, the swishing about of garments,
the clattering of footwear on the boarded
floor, a rustle and a step at the corner
of the screen, and the »T»an who went in
to his examination in the pleasant fears
of uncertainty comes out a soldier or not
a soldier, according to his physical
dese.rts.
Many were accepted yesterday and
many more were turned away. Man has
no critic, it seems, like his Government.
Eyea that are good enough to see friends
with will not do to sight a foe, ears that
are attuned to the pipes of peace are not
keen enough for the trumpets of war,
hands that may guide the plow or the pen
are not fitted to the sword, and legs that
have loitered easily enough along the
ways of peace cannot march to war — to
say nothing of other troubles which a
man must go soldiering, or would-be
soldiering, to discover that he owns.
"Chest?" repeated one of the indignant
rejected to a crowd of sympathizers.
"Look at that for an expansion! I'll bet
it would take a general to beat it."
"That's all right," said a fellow-suf
ferer. "They turned me off on one of
my legs." He regarded them fondly. "It
was a good enough leg for the artil
lery."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Why?" explained the rejected leg. "I
passed in the artillery last week. I only
came down to this shop because I heard
the Eighteenth was going first."
BURNED TO DEATH
BEFORE HER HOME
FOUK- YEAR-OLD LOTTIE OLMOS
DIES FROM FIRE.
Her Clothing Became Ignited While
She Was Playing With Matches
on the Street.
While playing with matches Friday
afternoon Lottie Olmos the four-year
old daughter of Samuel Olmos, a shoe
maker living at 433 Vallejo street, in some
way ignited her clothing, and she v.-as so
severely burned thai she died yesterday
afternoon from her injuries and the shock
attending them.
There were a number of children play
ing with the little girl on Vallejo street,
between Montgomery and Kearny, at the
time of the accident, and when they
auded their screams to the agonized
shrieks of the child neighbors were at
tracted to the scene and extinguished the
tiames. The little sufferer was carried to
her home, where Dr. Leland was called
to attend to her injuries. She was badly
burned about the limbs and body and
probably inhaled some of the fire. The
physician relieved the suffering as much
as he could and left her at her home
that night.
When he visited the child yesterday he
The man with the chest of a general
walked thoughtfully toward the door.
"The hardest ones to turn off," said tha
handsome corporal, "are the youngsters.
Their spirit is so fine. They want to
: tight, and I think they'd make good
: fighters, too. And I teil you they're dis
appointed when they can't go."
"Do you want a drummer?" said S
voice at his elbow.
The corporal swung around on his
heels. A tad of twelve or fourteen with a
littl" eager face and wistful eyes waited,
for his answer.
"A drummer?" said the corporai. quiz
zically. "What would we want a drum*:
rnt-r for?"
"To — to drum," answered the boy.
Tho corporal laughed outright.
"That's so," he said. "I suppose woj
would."
"Oh!" said the boy, drawing a deegi
\ breath, "then I can go."
"Not so fast, not so fast," the corporal
i answered, put his hand on the boy'a
i shoulder and turned him around slowly,
: "I meani we'd want a drummer to drum'
if we wanted a drummer at all. Do you
| see?"
"Yes," said the boy, quickly. "I can
i drum" — he hesitated and colored— "very
1 well, indeed."
"I haven't a doubt of it, my boy, but
the fact is there are no more drummers in
the army. The Twenty-third Regiment
< had the la.st drummer boy our history
! will ever hear of. It's the bugle now, you
| know." ■■
The boy stood staring at him. The eager
li^ht faded slowly out of his eyes. It
was a pity to see it go. The corporal gave
his shoulder a lit Ho shake.
"Go home and learn the bugle, lad," he
said kindly.
"Thank you, sir," answered the boy,
j keeping his lips steady. "Thank you,
I sir."
At the door two old people waited for.
, him to come out. The man stood .with,
j his head thrown back, there were pride
I and courage both in his face, and his son—
I you could see that he was their son —
] favored him but he had his mother's
eyes. She stood close to her husband and.
under her cape her hands were clasped
tight together. There was neither pride
nor courage on her face— only a terrible,
loving anxiety. The father spofce first.
"Well, boy." he said, "are you going?"
The boy looked straight up at him. "No,
father." he said quietly. "They don't
want drummers in the army."
His mother caught at his hand with a
little quick cry of joy. He turned to her
i then, and she saw his face.
"I'm sorry, dear," she said, "for your
| sake."
found that h^r condition had become
more serious and decided that she could
receive bettor care at some institution
for i he injured and advised the removal
of the little one to the Children's Hospi
tal. A hack was called in the afternoon
and the baby placed in it. The doctor ac
companied the patient and ministered to
her needs, but before the hospital was
reached the baby was past all suffering.
The body was not taken to the Morgue,
as the case was purely accidental and no
inquest will be held, the father having
signed a waiver.
Treasurer Widber's Case.
The arraignment of Treasurer Widber
was continued by Judge Cook yesterday
morning until next Saturday. How long
the defaulting Treasurer will rely on
technical defense remains to be seen. A
demurrer to the original indictment is
still pending, and as two new indictments
were recently filed against him it is prob*
able that they will be taken up one at a.
time in the same manner in order to de
lay the case as long as possible.
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
SAN JOS£}, June 4.— August Boecklen,
a native of Germany and 40 years of age,
committed suicide this afternoon by drink
ing the contents of a bottle of carbolio
acid. He was employed as a cellarman,
at the Fredericksburg brewery, and for
the past week has been on a drunken,
debauch.
78
MONTEREY IS NOW READY TO SAIL
Seventh California
Receives a Stand
of Colors.
New Brigadiers Take the
Field— Transportation for
lowa Troops.
The story wired from the East yes
terday that Major General Merritt had
telegraphed to the War Department
that he would sail from San Francisco
Sunday has no foundation In fact.
General Merritt has not fixed any date
for sailing, as he does not know when
the fleet of transports will be ready to
sail.
It was ascertained last night that
there had been several conferences on
the subject of holding the Zealandia
and China until three more ships were
ready to join the fleet. Should this plan
be adopted mure organizations than
those already designated will be di
rected to embark. The conflicting ru
mors regarding the dispatch of a Span
ish squadron to the Orient and the un
certainty as to the whereabouts of Cer
vera's ships have cut some figure In
the calculations for the second Manila
expedition. Until within the last
twenty-four hours there has been just
the shadow of doubt in Washington as
to the exact location of Cervera's
squadron. Now that all doubt on this
score is dispelled, orders may come to-
General M^rritt to make all possible
haste to dispatch the second expedi
tion.
General E. L. Otis, the organizer of
the division at Camp Merritt, remark
ed yesterday that further orders re
garding the preparation of troops
would come from the headquarter? of
the Department of the Pacific. The
staff officers of Major General Merritt
were busy enough yesterday and work
ed at headquarters in the Phelan
building until «i late hour. The chiel
paymaster announces that all the
troops will be paid before they leave
this port for Manila. As far as can be
rtained, no one in authority at
headquarters expects the fleet to sail
next Tuesday. A day as far distant as
Mom iay, June 13, is given as thr> date
i ( sailing by officers familiar with the
affairs of the quartermaster's depart
ment. In the event of pressing emer
gency or groat peril Merritt could get
two or three ships with troops and sup
plies aboard on the way to Manila
within forty-eight hours. There seems
to be nothing in the situatio-n at pres
ent to demand such haste.
Major Hess will bring four batteries
of the Third United States Artillery to
the Presidio parade plain to-morrow.
Two of the batteries are at present at
Fort Point, one is at Alcatraz Island
and the other is at Li mo Point. Gen
eral M. P. Miller has taken command
of the First Brigade of the Philippine
expeditionary forces and Major Kinzie,
U. S. A., now commando th-- Third Ar
tillery Regiment and the defenses of
San Francisco harbor. The adjutant
of the regiment is Lieutenant Rum
baugh. Captain Sedgwick Pratt and
Lieutenant Rutnbaugh expected to join
the command for duty at Manila, but
they were not designated for that ser
vice by the powers that be. A company
of the Sixth California Volunteer In
fantry goes to garrison "the rock,"
known as Alcatraz. Captain Hay's bat
tery of California Heavy Infantry Vol
unteers may be ordered to Lime Point
to man the high-power twelve-inch j
breech -loading rifles which constitute !
the highest battery in th<- world.
Major \y. .\. Simpson. United States
Volunteers, chief of artillery on <",.>neral
Merritt's staff, will perform the duties !
of ordnance officer until further orders I
in addition to his other duties.
Rrigadier Generals Kinir and Greene,
who are to command two brigades of
the Manila expedition, are expected to
arrive in San Francisco early this week.
The steamships Ohio and Centennial,
chartered as troopships, are to be
thoroughly inspected as to their sani
tary condition by a board of medical
officers appointed by ordi-r of General
Merritt consisting of Major R. U.
"White, surgeon, and Captains 15. K.
Morris and W. T. Crosby, assistant gur
geons. They will report on the ca
pacity, the changes deemed necessary
and other matters connected with the
vessels.
It is said that about 50 per cent of
the men who have applied for enlist
ment in the Signal Corps have been
rejected on the ground of physical de
fects. About seventy-five more men
are needed, and Major Thompson, chief
officer of the corps, has been obliged
to East for a number of expert
t lepraphers, linemen, etc. The fol
lowing have been commissioned in the
Signal Corps: Lieutenants Perkins,
Gordon and Kilbourne, and Captains
Martin and McKenna.
First lieutenant <'hnrles Q. Wnnr].
Ward Of the Third United States Artil
lery, having resigned his appointment
as regimental quartermaster, has been
attached to Battery H of that regi
ment.
tleneral Merriam, commanding the
Department of California, was yester
day advised that the quartermaster's
department had engaged transportation
for the Fifty-first lowa Volunteer In
fantry from 1 >es Moines to San Fran
cisco. Towa furnished from 1861 to iB6O
70.000 volunteer soldiers, of infantry, ar
tillery and cavalry. The regiments be
gin to number now where the regi
mental numbers ceased in the Civil
"War. The Fifty-first, destined for ser
vice in the Philippines, is made up of
troops from Dps Moines, Council Bluffs
and other place's. There are so many
lowana In Ban Francisco that the vol
unteers from that State will receive a
cordial greeting on their arrival here.
Brigadier-General V. Oreene arrived
in town last night, having come
straight from Tampa. Florida, by way
of Chicago. The general said that he
was colonel in command of th« Sev
enty-first Regiment, New York Volun
teers, and that ho received the ap
pointment of brigadier-general and was
ordered to report to General Merritt
here. His regiment, which is now sta
tioned at Tampa, was put in command
of Colonel "Wallace A. Downs. The
general says that he ranks as first
brigadier, first division of the regulars.
His was the first regiment of volun
teers to be sent to Florida. He is a
handsome, soldierly appearing man and
Is president of the Barber Asphalt Pav
ing Company in New York City. When
asked about his movements he replied
that he knew nothing whatever, but
was subject to the orders of General
Merritt.
In his party were Major \V. A. Wads
worth and Lieutenant W. <;. Hates.
They were given accommodations at
the Palace.
Major George H. Penrose of the reg
ular army also registered at the Pal
ace, having come to this coast In charge
of thirty recruits from Fort Douglas,
Salt Lake City, Utah.
It was understood last night In- Ad
miral Miller and other leading officers
of the navy that the Monterey would
leave this harbor to-day on the long
voyage to Manila. It was figured that
the monitor could steam taster than
her companion, the collier Brutus, so
after being out three or four days the
Monterey may, if the weather be fa
vorable, cut loose from the collier and
speed ahead to Honolulu.
At a meeting of Court Magnolia. A.
O. F. of A., held May 27, It was unani-
SOMETHING THAT MAY BE NEEDED AT MANILA.
When the Twentieth Regiment of Kansas Volunteer Infantry arrived in San Francisco the regimental
equipment for active service in the field was not complete. Among the important equipments lacking were sur
gical instruments. Yesterday the deficiency in this respect was supplied through the patriotism and en
terprise of employes of The Call. A full set of the finest instruments, inclosed in a nickel-plated case covered
by leather, was presented to the surgeons of the regiment through the colonel commanding. Engraved on
the nickel plate is this inscription: "Presented to the Twentieth Regiment Infantry, Kansas Volunteers, by
the Employes of the San Francisco Call. San Francisco, June 3, 1898."
mously resolved that the dues of all
members of that court called upon to
enlist during the present war would be
kept paid up by the court.
The dinner in compliment to Major
General Merritt will be given at the
Pacific-Union Club next Thursday
IT WAS SOL'S DAY TO SHINE.
evening. Mayor Phelan is directing
the preparations for the function.
INSPECTION OF TROOPS.
Five Thousand Men May Be
Embraced in the Next
Expedition.
Great excitement was caused in Camp
Merritt late yesterday evening by the re
port that five instead of three transports
will compose the next expedition to
Manila, and that 5000 instead of 800 troops
would bo sent. From ofiicers who are in
a position to know it was learned that
such a thing is highly probable. There
are several facts that lend to the rumor
the color of good £aith.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
It is known that the expedition will not
he pot ready by that time. A board of
survey from General Otis' headquarters
examined the transports yesterday and
ascertained this fact, which they report
ed to General Otis. The ships, it is
thought, will be in shape to be boarded
by the troops the last of next week.
Yesterday Colonel Hughes and Captain
Mallory Inspected the First Nebraska,
the two Utah Light batteries and the
Utah troop of cavalry. To-morrow the
Thirteenth Minnesota will be inspected at
9 o'clock in the morning and the Seventh
California probably on Tuesday. The in
spections have been excellent, and in
view of this fact and also the probability
that the five Government transports will
}>c completed about the same time, there
is rood reason to believe that the First
Nebraska, Seventh California, Utah
Cavalry, Thirteenth Minnesota and Twen-
tleth Knnsns will be included among the
troops to leave San Francisco this week.
The only doubtful proposition on the
slate, if there be any. is the Utah troop.
It is known positively that General Mer
ritt has discussed with Captain Calne th.
advisability <■: attempting to transport
the horses to Manila. The general does
nol believe th.- animals can make the
trip, and it is eery likely th.- troop will
i..- s.nt as Infantry, as it is said the I nlt
. 1 States government will be unable to
secure the necessary horses in the Philip
pines.
Colonel Hawkins. Tenth Pennsylvania
Regiment, stated that his men would go
on the Zealandla. The stores are now
"yesterday was a day of great suffering
among the officers and soldiers at Camp
Merritt. They were wot prepared for the
sudden heat, which, with their military
duties, made '-amp life exceedingly irk-
Borne. Fortunately there were no sun
strokes nor cases of prostration, but it
was clearly Illustrated from the way the
soldiers were Inconvenienced by the sud
den rise of temperature, that canvas uni
forms will be necessary in the Philippines.
Captain Langfltt, of the engineer corps,
who was ordered to be prepared to sail
on Tuesday, has been formally notified
that his corps will not accompany the
next expedition. The captain will open
up a recruiting station in a few days, as
the corps is about sixty men short.
Lieutenant Alfred Hasbrough Jr.. of the
Fourteenth Infantry, who has been on
detached service in New York, and who
was recently ordered to join his regiment,
reported to Major Robe yesterday.
Lieutenant B. C. Morse, Twenty-third
Infantry, has been detailed by General
Merritt as assistant to the chief of com
missary.
Two cases of measles were reported in
the Twenty-third yesterday, and both
were quarantined.
Colonel Hale, First Colorado, put his
regiment through an extended order drill
anil sham battle yesterday <>n the Pre
sidio grounds. The men of the regiment
were vaccinated yesterday, and also the
soldiers of the two Utah batteries.
Colonel McC. Reeve had his camp thor
oughly watered yesterday. The camp
looked much cleaner and "was certainly
very much cooler than any other.
Captain Young has been notified that he
will be expected to mount one of his guns
upon the forward deck of the ship in
which the batteries sail.
•
Washington Volunteers
The First and Second battalions of
Washlngton volunteers will be completely
armed and outtltted in a day or two, and
are living la hopes of being sent to the
Philippines this week. They arc drilling
two hours every morning and two hours
every afternoon and are making splendid
progress. Lieutenant-Colonel Fife, com*
branding, Is very proud of his men, and
says they can rnako as good a showing
aa any regiment now here. They are not
raw recruits by any means. They have
been in the National Guard of Washing
ton for years, and were well up in all
that pertains to military drill before com
ing here, and now having been in camp
several weeks they are well disciplined.
They are all anxious to go to the front,
and think it is but just to allow them to
be among the first.
One of the soldiers at Fontana barracks
fainted yesterday while on drill, having
been overcome by the heat.
Private Howard D. Madsen, convicted
of using obscene language to an officer,
has been turned over to the Presidio
officials.
There is only one sick soldier in the
command. He has pneumonia, but was
slightly better yesterday.
COLORSFORTHE SEVENTH
Colonel Berry's Regiment Pre-
sented With a Stand by the
Chamber of Commerce.
Proudly the gallant Seventh California
marched out of Camp Merritt yesterday
morning and over the hills to the Pre
sidio, where it was presented with a mag
nificent stand of colors by George A.
Newhall on behalf of the Chamber of
Commerce. "Very handsome the regiment
looked, the men wearing their new uni
forms for the first time and carrying can-
teens and haversacks -with one ration for
their noonday meal.
Line was formed in column of battal
ions on the slope south of the old camp
Bite of the First California, the band and
field music on the right of the First Bat
talion. At 10:30 o'clock Major-General
Dickinson and staff and Adjutant-Gene
ral Barrett of the National Guard, with
Captain F. de L. Carrington, U. S. A.,
joined Hugh Craig and Mr. Newhall of
the Chamber of Commerce, the entire
party then taking Bt&tlon in front of
Colonel Berry and his staff.
The colors, a beautiful silk American
flag and the regimental colors, a blue
field, on which was embroidered the State
coat-of-arms, were brought up by the
color sergeants, escorted by the senior
company, B, Captain Dodge, and the
hand. Taking the banners and removing
the oilcloth covers Mr. Newhall addressed
Colonel Berry as follows:
Colonel Berry, Officers and Men of the
Seventh California United States Volunteer
Infantry: I can hardly speak when I see be
fore me the flower of our young men from the
southern part of this our glorious State.
Our honored President, Mr. McKlnley, has
called forth the armies of this our country,
and you, my men, I am proud to say, were
among: the first to respond to this call at a
t!m« when our country needed all its sons.
I have been twice honored, first, in being se
lected by the Chamber of Commerce to present
a stand of colon, and second, in being se
lected to present this stand of colors to you,
our well-beloved L,os Angeles regiment.
I am, a» you know, a Los Angeles man my
self in part. My interests are there, my love
of people is there, but in this war we recog
nize no North, no South, no East, no West—
we stand together as a unit for right and
liberty. The time has come when California
has shown the other Suite? how soon they can
raise a regiment at th» call of the President.
I will not nay to you, be first In all things,
because I know that every man In this regi
ment goes forth to do his duty regardless of
cost. I will not say to you. think of your
homesi, because when 1 look around Los Ange
les and see it studded with the finest homes In
the State. I am more than over convinced that
(.'ulifornianp are home-lovers. 1 will not say
to you. think of your sweethearts and wives,
because I know that when the band is playing
"The Girl I Left Behind Me" in far Manila,
there will be many thoughts turned towards
the orange groves of Riverside and 'the shady
walks of Pasadena.
But, turning from hearth and home to sterner
things, 1 now hand you these glorious colors.
Keep them sacred: when shot and shell aro
screaming in the air, think, men, of the colors
of your country. Defend them with your last
drop of blood, and when you all come march
ins home wo will be here to receive you bear
ing these colors we now entrust to your keep-
Ing.
Colonel Bern" received fhe colors with
a graceful reply, pledging his own life
and the lives of his officers and men to
their defense.
The colors were then escorted to Com
pany C, Captain Longworthy. the color
company; the battalions wheeled into
column of companies and the regiment
marched in review before the assembled
Officers and citizens.
After this ceremony the Seventh moved
down upon its former camp ground, arms
were stacked, accoutrements unslung and
the men began the prosaic work of polic
ing the spot that had been their home for
two weeks and more. Quickly the straw
and rubbish were gathered up and set on
fire after which the men broke to the
sheltering trees and in the refreshing
Bhade ate their scanty meal. The regi
ment retired to camp Merritt at 2 p. m.
REGULAR ARMY SERVICE.
Numerous Advantages Offered
to Able- Bodied Unmarried
Men of Good Character.
The regular army now offers opportuni
ties for unmarried men. who are earnest
in their purpose, able-bodied, and of good
character, to get a fair start in life by
serving their country for a few years.
The regular army possesses numerous ad
vantages. The term of service is three
years, but men who enlist now can secure
a discharge at the end of the war by mak
ing application. Original enlistments are
confined to persons who are citizens of
the United States or who have made legal
declaration of their intention to become
citizens thereof, and who can speak the
English language. The usual require
ment of being able to read and write
English has been abrogated during the
present war.
In addition to their pay, all regular
army soldiers receive rations, clothing,
bedding, medicines and medical attend
ance free, and during war an increase of
20 per cent over the pay given in time of
peace. The pay of a private is $13 per
month, but during the war 20 per cent
will be added to this, making $15 60 at
least per month while hostilities con-
tlnue.
By care and economy a soldier can save
from his clothing allowance a considera
ble sum, payable to him on his discnarge.
He can deposit his savings in sums of not
less than $o with any paymaster, and for
sums so* deposited for the period of six
months or longer the soldier on his final
discharge will be paid interest at the rate
of 4 per cent per annum. These deposits
are non-forfeitable except for desertion.
Whenever a soldier is honorably dis
charged at the expiration of his enlist
ment or on account of disability not
caused by his own misconduct his travel
pay is ample to carry him back to the
place of enlistment. For an instance, a
soldier discharged In the Philippines, 4000
miles from San Francisco, would receive
one day's pay and one day's commuta
tion (In money) of his rations and cloth
ing for every twenty miles of the dis
tance—twenty miles bein~ counted for a
day"s march. Therefore, he would re
ceive pay and commutation for 200 days
from Manila to San Francisco, and the
amount of money— several hundred dol
lars—would be largely in excess of the
cost of transportation.
In case the soldier decides to remain in
the army after the war he will receive $1
per month increase for the third year of
enlistment. Soldiers re-enlisting within
three months from date of discharge re
ceive a further increase of pay for the |
fourth and fifth years of service, and a
still further increase for each five years
of continuous service. For soldiers who
serve honestly and faithfully for twenty
years or who are discharged for wounds
received or disease incurred in service, a
comfortable home is maintained in the !
city of Washington. After thirty years'
Service enlisted men are entitled to be i
retired, and upon retirement they receive
three-fourths of the monthly pay allowed
by law to them in the grade they hold
when retired and $9 50 per month as com
mutation for clothing and subsistence.
Furthermore, there is at nearly every i
post in the country a library and reading
room, in which is kept a good assortment
of literature. There are also post schools,
where every soldier can acquire, free of
cost, a fair English education, and there
are facilities for gymnastic exercises and
proper games and other amusements.
The purchasing act, by which a soldier
can buy his discharge at the end of his
first year's enlistment upon the payment
of a stipulated sum, $120 being the maxi
mum price, is void during the war. An
enlistment at the present time therefore
means for the war at least and three
years at most. 
A man to serve in the infantry or artil
lery must be not less than 5 feet 4 inches ,
high, his weight not less than VSi nor
more than 190 pounds; for cavalry, not
less than ."> feet 4 inches nor more than
5 feet 10 inches, weight not more than Ida
pounds. __„
Lieutenant Fisk and Lieutenant W hit
worth have opened a recruiting office for ,
the Eighteenth Infantry in the Examiner
building, Market-street side; Lieutenant
Franklin for the Twenty-third Infantry
in rooms 6 and 7. 23 Kearny street; Lieu
tenant Abernathy for the Third Artillery
in room 229, Phelan building; and Captain
Keefer for the Hospital and Signal corps
at room 219, Phelan building. Recruiting
offices have also been established m all i
the principal cities and towns of the
State. At all the offices numerous appli
cations are being received, and as a rule
the applicants are of a good class of
earnest and determined men. Lieutenant
Abernathy. in the Phelan building, yes
terday received about forty applications
for the Third Artillery. Lieutenant
Franklin at 23 Kearny street, who opened
his office yesterday morning, received
about a dozen applications for the Twenty
third Infantry.
•'The regular army has trained officers,
and it therefore stands to reason that the
inon will have the fullest confidence In
them " said Lieutenant Abernathy. it
a man rises in tho regular army he se- j
cures something that he can depend upon.
He is not thrown out at the end of the
war The newspapers to the contrary
notwithstanding, a search of the army
register shows that in the Civil War a
greater proportion, although not greater |
in number, roso from the ranks in the
regular army than from the volunteer |
""The fact that the regular army soldior
is better fed on the same ration than the
volunteer is another thing to be consid
ered The regular army cooks make the
most of the ration, although they may be
no better cooks than those of the volun
teers Private Fox. the cook of Battery
I Third \rtillery, to which 1 belong, has
been in the service fifteen years, and
makes a ration go farther and somehow
taste better than most cooks in civil life
could do. Owing to the superior training
of his supply officer the regular army sol
dier is more sure to g^t his full ration and
all the clothing he is entitled to. Another
thing that may have some weight is that
among the volunteers men become officers
more through their popularity than any
thin" else Of course there are exceptions
to this. In the regular army, however,
men must rise almost entirely on their
merits."
"Although an applicant is not now re
quired to rend and writ" English, but
only to speak the language.' said Lieu
tenant Franklin, "I found during a
month's recruiting in Texas only one man
who could not read and write, and he was
an American born.
"Now as to the pay of soldiers. I have
a man in my office here who draws $21 fiO
a month, and there are a great many in
my regiment who are receiving larger
pay than that. . ._„
"In time of peace a private receives $408
for his three years of service, and if he
is careful he can save nearly every cent
of it In time of war his pay will amount
to much more. So you see a man can. if
he manages correctly, lay by a neat sum
of money."
WILL HAVE ICE IN MANILA
T'nele Sam, one of the very best em- j
ployers on the face of the earth, is de
termined that his soldier boys will have ;
Ice to cool their parched tonpues in Ma
nila. For the purpose of supplying the
army with brand new made Ice, the mili
tary authorities in this city have pivon
Instructions to the Vulcan Iron Works of j
this city for an ice making plant with a j
capacity of 5000 pounds of ice every twen- :
ty-four hours. The specifications provide i
that the Ice must be of the very best
quality and chemically pure — that is to
say made (if distilled water, for which
purpose a distilling and purifying appa
ratus is to be provided. With the aid of
this latter apparatus pur«-> and whole
some ice is insured, no matter what may
be the quality of th-* water supply. The
plant will furnish the ice in blocks eight
by twelve by thirty-six inches, and weigh
ing about 100 pounds. A steam eniriii>\
direct-connected operates the ice machine. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: /^if^^rl 4. /If
(m/fi Ja\ Sjjg WA
In. \ \ '*? ' ' -•'
"Yes, it cures all manner of weakness by simply re- •
storing to the weakened organs the power they have lost. "
Years of study and experiment taught me that our vitality-
depends upon the electricity in our bodies. Excess or abuse
of the laws of nature robs us of this force and it must be
replaced. I have perfected this system of applying the
electric current so that I can assure a permanent cure of
all weakness or failure of vitality in three or four months.
I simply restore the natural foree — Electricity." C- .
Dr. Sanden will mail you free his famous book, "Three •
Classes of Men," giving further information upon his man-
ner of curing weak men and women. Over 10,000 cures
in three years.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. *■ IMPORTANT NOTICE *
702 Mtrket Street, Comer Oeary.StaFriaßUn. imruniH^l IIUIIUC • l
Office hours— B a.m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 r> na'n'(l?n'q n fn« M **
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204*u:uth fl r» rn^tirn v? 8 ♦
Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washington St.: are now at . 702 . Market
: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth st.; Dallas, Tex.. street, corner Geary.
285 Main St. . *— — -——*..
and the steam is supplied by a twenty
horse power portable boiler placed on
skids. The machine is of the \ ulean ver
tical duplex cylinder, single acting type,
so arranged that either cylinder may^be
used alone in case of accident to . the
The Vulcan ice machine is in use on
the following steamers of the Philippine
expedition, viz: City of Peking, City of
Sydney, Colon and Zealandia. ':
SIXTH CALIFORNIA.
The Regimental Camp at the
Presidio in Excellent .
Condition.
The Sixth California Infantry is to be ,
broken up temporarily at least and. the
various companies stationed at points in ■
San Francisco harbor and vicinity. Com
pany F will go to Santa Cruz Monday,
and yesterday General Merrltt ordered
Company A to take station at Alca.traz
Island as soon as it is fully equipped.
This will not be later than to-morrow or
Tuesday, for part of the supplies have
already been Issued to the regiment, and ■
yesterday new uniforms were given to
the men.
Assistant Rurgfon Captain T. A. Rot
tanzi and Hospital Steward Lu.llow will
accompany E to Santa <'ruz. Dr. R<>t
tanzi. who has been confined to the hos
pital for several days suffering from a
poisoned wound In the neck, reported for
duty yesterday. Hospital Steward Tray rs
Will probably go to Alcatraz with Com
pany A.
No orders have been issued for the re
maining companies, but one will probably
Angel Island, another to Pinole,
one or more to Benicia, and one each to
San Diego and Vancouver.
The Sixth California is the model camp
of all the troops stationed here. Not even y
the quarters of the Fourteenth, Eigh- f
teenth and Twenty-third regiments of
regulars can compare with the Sixth in
cleanliness. The boys take great pleasure
in their ramp, and not SO much as a
straw is left lying in any of the company;
streets. The kitchens are as tidy as any
In the best-regulated hotels, and the cook
ing is clean and'wholesome.
The Sixth will be joined nn the Presidio
drill plain to-morrow by Major Hess'-bat
tallon of the Third Artillery and the Ltah
Light Artillery.
War Incidents.
On the Market Street Railway Com«
pany's lines, commencing Sunday. June.
5. IS9S, for the purpose of accommodating .
passengers visiting (amp Merritt, trans
fers will be issued, subject to the rules of '•..
the respective lines, as follows: North
bound Sixteenth and Fillmore street ■
cars will transfer to westbound McAllls- .
ter street riirs. Eastbnund McAllister
street cars will transfer to southbound.
Fillmore street cars. . :
Colonel F. B. Hastings. .1 retired sol
dier of the Fifth New York or Ellsworth, .
Zouaves, coi UaHy invites any old sol
diers, widows ami the regular army solr
diers and new volunteers in camp in San
Francisco or vicinity to visit his heauti- :•"
ful fruit ranch at Sun Leandro, Cal.. and .:
there pick all the cherries they wish.
.:!■'■ tons of cherries on the ranch,
1 and Colonel Hastings requests hi? guests . :
to bring baskets with them and carry a i;
! supply of fruit away. H. requests Visit---; •'".
ors, however, to be craeful not to 'break; ".:
! the limbs of tre< s.
The member? of Mission Camp of the
Woodmen of ;ho World have arranged a
j reception to the members of the order
who arc with the Colorado and Nebraska
: volunteers at present at Camp Merritt, It
will take place in the lodgeroom of the
: camp, and a good programme of music,
■ song and then dancing has been arranged.
-hoppers" will to-morrow evening—
the time set for the reception— show that
they honor those of their brethren who
have enrolled themselves to support the
dic-nity of the stars and stripes. _
The soldiers at Camp Bderrltt are not f
resentful. Although the Market Street
Railroad Company continues to mulct
1 them of th.-ir nickels while their com
rades at the Presidio ride free on the
Union and Hyde street lines, the regi
mental bands have inaugurated a scheme
by which Uncle Collis profits to a con
siderable extent. Each afternoon one r,f
the bands gives a concert in Golden Gate ..
I'ark. and many poop;.' go out to hear the
One music. For years the railroad com-
I pany has found it profitable to engage a
i band for Sunday concerts, but now dai'y
rts are -lven without cost and still
the corporation does not see its way clear
the men in uniform rido free. Yes
terday several hundred people listened I 1
the concert of the Nebraska band from 2
to 4 p. m.. all of whom had to patronize
the Market Street Company.
Yesterday was a sort of "off day" at
Camp Merritt. Some of the commands
put in their full drill time— six hours ~
b'lt as a rule drill was confined -to the
mornms hours, and after dinner the men
were allowed to con! off.
Brigadier General M *-er is ready to en- .:
tor upon his new duties and will estab
lish his headquarters at '"amp M.rritt to
day. It was at (irst intended that h«
should take command of the First Brig
ade, relieving Colonel Ovenshlne, but it
is now conSiden d likely that he will d.
vote his entire attention to supervising
the preparations for the departure of the
second expedition. This will include a
personal Inspection of the troops and
transports, ston S, etc.FRESNOS IN
HARD LUCK
Big Chief McGucken's
Wonderful Eye.
HANLEY'S GREAT FIELDING
ERRORS LOUD AND NUMEROUS
MADE BY BOTH SIDES.
The Game a Great Contest Until
Braves Concentrated Their Fire
in the Fatal Eighth and
Win Out.
BY JOE COR BET T.
A- good sized crowd wandered into
Recreation Park ' yesterday afternoon to
. witness the much heralded game between
the .Fresno "Tigers" and Ban Jose
'.'Lions," familiarly known as McGuck
eft's, "braves." It- was understood be
tweert those '■(-!<..-=«• vp 1 that the' game
was*. to "be fiercely contested, and that the
Fresno "Tigers" were going to surpass
themselves, not any at bat, but in the
field, and that they -were also going to
win the game.' But the most perfect of
. plans sometimes miscarry, and it hap
pened so in the case of the '"Tigers," not,
however, until the last man was out.
'=• Feeling that it' would be an unwise
• move- to- send Pitcher Thomas in to
.work, one Tawney was selected to hold
down that position. The name struck
Manager McGucken as having a suspi
'. Clous ring to it, and he immediately con
fided to his braves on the bench that it
ebunued rather "Spanish." Then touch
ing memories were conjured up, and
Ta-wney became the object of the tire of
these braves, who lit on to him with a
, couple of broadsides in the second inning
that must have made him feel like a real
"Spaniard." Tawney, however, was not
directly responsiole for all the <ianu.se j
done -in this Inning. Moore, Barley and !
McCue, with their rather "loud" errors,
'.were slightly mixed up, and in a way
.were responsible for the bombardment
■which followed.
•.' It happened In the usual way. The
•pitcher took things easy with the first
.man up, instead of pitching his best to
this same personage, and a base on balls
.was the result. Then started the invasion
.Of Mr. Tawney'S province. The inner;
breastworks, being unable to withstand
the onslaught, gave way. and In conse
quence the cushions were allowed to be t
monopolized without a protest. Then
came a' brave named "Blockers," who
brought his bat to bear on one of Mr. j
Tawney's "visibles," Bending it clear to
the fence, and instantly there began a
proOes'sio-n. When th*- ball finally strug
gled back within the lines three "stal
wart braves" had crossed the plate. It
was .now "Big Chief McGueken's turn,
and. he proved himself equal to the occa
sion by driving out a cracking three-bag
ger and sending in the fourth run.
It appeared after this inning as though
. the "Tigers" were destined to lose, yet
• they rallied, and with well-placed hits
and fast • tinning managed to dupli
cate the feat of McGucken's braves, scor
ing, four runs and going in the lead.
From this on the game was a battle
royal. Errors and base hits were very
conspicuous, yet each team was playing
hard to win, bo what did it matter if a
few errors wore thrown in? To offset them
•was the brilliant fielding of Hanly, who,
after some sensational maneuvering, gob
bled up everything that came his way
with a grace that outdid even the move
ments of my "blue ribbon" friends, V hen
"Big Chief McOucken made a fine run
ning catch, which stirred up the crowd,
and is batting was the cleanest Been
here this season. The work of these two
was just brilliant enough to outshine the ,
poor showing of some of the others, and
It was McGucken's hit In the sixth in- i
ning which sent in the two runs that lied
the score. At this stage the thoughts of
tiiat fourteen-innlng game at Fresno
struck one rather forcibly, and when
neither Bide scored in the seventh, 1
thought 1 saw my supper placed in the
ice chest.
I was awakened, however, in the eighth
inning, when the braves reopened on Mr.
'iawney's shoots. This time it was for
keeps. Hanlon led off with a two-base
hit, and then came that hard-hitting
chief again. It was no use trying to fool
him. and evidently Mr, Tawney thought
th* same way. Whether he did or not
makes but. little difference, as the chief
cracked out another safe hit, and al
though thrown out at third trying to
stretch it Into a three-bagger, the win
ning run had crossed the plate, and Me
was the "real tellow " There was very
little to choose between the teams. They
both played the same kind of a game,
and San Jose won. The score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley. 1. f 4 3 1 0 4 10
Hanlon, 1 h 0 1 2 0 11 0 0
McGucken, c. t 5 0 4 0 10 0
Foley. r. f 4 0 10 10 0
"Weed, S b 4 10 0 14 3
Brockhoff, 8 s 4 110 4 7 1
Greenlnger, 2 b 5 0 10 2 2 2
Kent, c 5 1 1 0 i 1 1
Arrlck, p 5 2 0 0 I) 11
Totals 41 9 12 0 27 6 8
FRESNO.
AB. H. HJI SB. PO. A. E.
Early. 2 b 5 13 0 3 3 0
Held, 1 b 6 1 2 0 J? 0 0
■ Courtney, s s 3 0 10 15 1
.Moore, 3 b 5 0 0 0 3 3 3
McCue. c...: 4 13 0 2 10
Ferguson, 1. f 5 10 0 111
Britton. r. f 5 0 0 0 10 0
Ta«n»y, p 4 1 0 0 0 1 2
Thomas, of 5 3 2 0 4 0 0
Totals 42 8 11 0 27 14 7
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Pan Jose 1 41002010—3
■Base hits I 2 0 0 0 2 2 3 1-12
Fresno 1 24010000—8
Base hits 1 3 2 11111 o—ll
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible — Arrlck, 2: Tawney, 3.
FOOD COFFEE.
30 BOXES OF GOLD.
Easy Mining for Pin Money.
To secure some desired information
direct from the people, it is proposed
to send a trim little bos containing 5
gold dollars to each of 30 persons who
write the most Interesting description
of their experience and observation on
the following topics:
How have you been affected by Coffee
drinking?
Do you know any one who has boen
driven away from Postum becausi- it
rarac to the table weak and character-
less at the first trial?
DM you set such a person right re-
garding the eaey way to make Postum
clear, black and with a crisp, pungent
taste?
Have you ever discovered a better
way to make it than to note the clock
at tho time actual boiling commen< eM
(not when pot is first put on stove), and
keep it boiling moderately for full 15
minutes, using 2 heaping teaspoons-
ful for«each cup of beverage?
Give names and account of those
you know to have been cured or helped
in health by the dismissal of coffee
and the daily use of the Fc-od Coffee In
its place.
Address your Utter to the Postum
Cereal Co., L-im.. Battle Creek, Mich.,
writing your own name and address
clearly.
Decisions will be made and the 30 lit-
tle boxes of gold sent out on June 30
next.
Every friend of Postum is urged to
write and each letter will be held ia
high esteem by the company, as an
evidence of such friendship, while the
little boxes of gold will reach many a
modest writer whose plain and sensi-
ble letter contains the facts desired,
although the sender may have but
email faith in winning at the time of
• rlting.
CUPID IN THE CAMP.
A Gallant Officer of the Twentieth Kansas Capitulates.
BEHIND the mask of grim-visaged war smiles that young and dauntless knight of the fatal arrow—the elfin Cupid.
When first there came the clash of arms he compromised many of his most interesting: cases on very short notice,
and among them was that of Captain Fred Buchan, Company B, Twentieth Kansas Regiment, and Miss Lucinda
M. Smith of Lawrence, Kans. the Kansas regiment left home there was an understanding between Captain
Kuchan and his sweetheart Separation was more than the two could stand, so with the exchange of frequent letters
came the wish and determination upon the part of the two young people to join their sorrows and joys. Captain
Buchan is a lawyer, ami for several years he ha* been practicing with his father, W. J. Buchan, a prominent Republican
In Kansas City, Kans. lie was a major when his regiment was in the National Guard, and now he is the senior captain.
Miss Smith reached San Francisco yesterday. She Is one of the most prominent society belles of Lawrence,
Last night the gallant captain left camp, followed by good wishes and congratulations, and going to the city, sought a
pastor and wedded the woman of his choice.
Three-base hlts-Hanley. McGnoken (2). Two
base hits-Courtney, Hanley. McGucken Mo-
Cue. areeninger. Thomas (2). Sacrifice hits -
Brltton. Foley. Base on errors-San Jose 4.
Fresno 5. tfa-<=es on balls. San Jose 3. Fresno
4 Left on bases— Jose 8. Fresno 10. Struck
out-By Tawney 2. by Arrlck 3. Double play—
■Weed to Greeninger to Hanlon. Passed ban—
McCue. Time of - game— One hour and 40
minutes. Umpire— ll. Smith.
BLUE RIBBON BOYS.
Tney Will Endeavor to Win
lor Pleasure's Sake.
The "blue ribbon' stars will play to-d;iy,
if Manager Coffroth Is not jesting
they will outdo their work of Monday last
by making those "yellow hammers from
Fresno look like a bunch of olives. The
game, no doubt, will be a good one.
Thomas, Fresno's crack pitcher, will in
vade the box, and opposed to him will be
Shea ;i gentleman who is very much to
d. The line up Is as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Fresno.
Hammond Catcher McCue
Shea P Th "Vi a n
Murphy First base Hill
j;^ ; ,:j Second base Parley
H Krug Third base Moore
Monaban Short stop Courtney
Hearty Left field Ferg us< >n
Dunleavy Center Held Tawney
Pt roecker Right field Brit t on
FOR HOME INDUSTRY.
Merchants and Manufacturers Com
plain Against Unjust Discrim
ination.
At a Joint meeting of representatives
from the Chamber of Commerce, local
Board of Trade, State Board of Trade,
Manufacturers 1 and Producers' Associa
tion, Manufacturers* Boot and Shoe Asso
ciation, Wholesale Grocers' Association
and the Pacific Coast Hardware and
Metal Association the following resolu
tions, which will at once be forwarded to
Washington, were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, San Francisco's geographical posi
tion, its proximity to the Philippine Islands,
Its prominence as a manufacturing; and dis
, tributing center, and ltß unquestioned ability,
' with due regard to economy and service, to sup
ply expe3ltlously and thoroughly equip the
Philippine expeditions sent out from this port,
I have been generally conceded; and, whereas,
' despite positive assurance given us by lead
' Ing officials in the War and Quartermaster's
i Departments that all supplies necessary to
' properly equip the troops with headquarters at
1 San Francisco and those ordered to the Phil
■ ippines would be purchased in this market,
conditions of quality, price ami delivery being
equal we are now In possession of evidence
Showing that the Government has unjustly dis
criminated aiainst our shoe factories, in so
far as to permit Eastern manufacturers to bid
for shoes to bo made up, which privilege was
denied us. Further, to our positive knowledge,
shoes were purchased made up In Chicago en
i tirely different from Government sample, to
, fill an emergency order, which shoes could have
been duplicated here had our factories been
permitted to bid upon them; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we emphatically protest
against any discrimination in favor of Eastern
markets especially when the price and quality
Of goods required make clear the fact that .San
Francisco Is the cheaper market; and be It
'"Resolved, That we respectfully urge upon our
representatives in Congress, on behalf of the
allied commercial interests of this city, the
necessity of vigorously and aggressively call
"ng tl- attention of the War and Quarter
master's Departments to the propriety of main
taining a more consistent attitude In the matter
of supplying the Philippine expeditions, as well
as the local needs of all the departments on this
: coast, and at the same time request a more
thorough investigation into the resources and
capacities of this market.
MOHR LOSES A SUIT.
The Note He Held Against Mrs.
Byrne Procured Through a
Misrepresentation.
A jury in Judge Daingcrfleld's court has
.letr-rmined that Kate C. Byrno was im
poMd upon by S. Ephralm when she is
sued to him a note for $4000 bearing date
of February 28, 1894. The note in ques
tion, prior to its maturity, was assigned
to Henry Mohr, and a short time ago he
hrougljt suit to recover the amount of the
ol the instrument and interest. Mrs.
Byrne contested the action with the re
sult that Friday evening a verdict was
rendered in her favor.
Mrs. Hyrne did not deny that she issued
the note, but claimed that she had been
taken advantage of. She stated that S.
Bphraim, In return for the instrument,
promised to deliver her fifty shares of
stock in the Sunset Raisin and Vineyard
Company, which he illemd was of great
v:ilu<j. Mrs. Byrne further testified that
the stock was of no value and that had
■he not i>!;i< >><1 reliance on Kphraim's
statements she would not have issued the
note. Colonel Kowalsky corroborated Mth.
Hyrne's testimony, and the case was
given to the jury. Mnlir is the holder of
another note for $1000 issued by Mrs.
Byrne yt th«> samo time, but just what
action he will t;ike to recover on it is not
as yet known.
RAILROAD CAR THIEF.
George Gibbons Held to Answer Be
fore the Superior Court.
George Gibbons, alias Joe Farren, alias
Krank Warren, wan yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Low on a charge of burglary in
$2000 bonds.
Gibbons has served several terms for
petty larceny, and he is credited with be
ing the leader of a gang of railroad car
thieves. May '11. last, he and three oth
ers were discovered by Watchman O'Con
nell breaking the seals of cars on the
Mail dock. O'Connell caught Gib
bons, but the other three escaped, al
though he emptied his revolver at them.
They were later arrested by Detectives
Ryan and ODea and Detective Lewin of
the Southern Pacific, but as O'Connell
could not positively identify them they
were discharged from custody.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5 ? 3 898.
THE MEDAL WENT
TO MERRILL'S GUN.
STOCKTON'S BOY AHEAD IN THE
LIVE-BIRD CONTEST.
Rice Handsomely Compensated for
the Loss of the Trophy by Get
ting the Entrance Fees.
Frank Merrill of Stockton carried off
the honors at the State live bird tourna
ment at Ingleside yesterday. It was
the second day of the tournament,
which is being held under the aus
pices of the Olympic Gun Club, and to
day will conclude the event. Merrill is
among the younger members of the shot
gun shooting fraternity, but he has the
advantage of training that began before
he was out of knee breeches. It was the
second event of the occasion in which he
distinguished himself and won the Gold
Dust medal race. This medal has a his
'"iy. dating back Into the existence of
the old California State Sportsmen's As
sociation, now defunct. The trophy, which
!s a beautiful piece of workmanship, is
perpetual, the winner at each tournament
holding the same for one year.
Every time the medal is contested for
the last holder receives the entrance
money of the current match. In IS!M it
was won by J. S. Fanning, and last year
l>y Mr. Rice. Although the latter was
able to hold the trophy yesterday he
was fortunate in having entries that net
ted him the neat sum of $80 prize money.
The conditions, of the match were twenty
live birds, entrance $5, with $15 and $10
fr>r the second and third high guns. Mer
rill killed all of his birds straight, and
he was loudly cheered when he tumbled
his last pigeon. The birds were a fair
lot, but toward the end of the last match
the trapper put a lot of surprises in the
traps, pigeons that did not lose a second
in getting away from the danger line.
This caused a number of those who were
calculating on good things to miss both
barrels, although In the majority of cases
the birds died out of bounds.
The opening event was known as the
California Wing <.'lub ra^-e, ten birds.
Five men made clean scores and divided
the money, as shown by the following
figures:
Feudner, withdrawn: Merrill, 10: Rice, with
drawn; Jacknon, &; Nauman, I; I>'l(?htnn, 9;
Haight, 10; Fox. 10; Ruhstahler, 10; gears, 10;
Wales. 7; Vaufchan, 4; Owens, 8; Klbby, with
drawn; Ingalsbe, withdrawn; Jones, with
drawn.
The second was the big 20-blrd event
mentioned. In which Merrill won the
medal and Otto Feudner took first purse
of $lf) on 19 kills. The third prize of $10
was divided by Haight, Ruhstaller and
Burnett, who killed IS birds. The rec
ords stood:
Feudner, 19: Nauman, withdrawn: Merrill,
20; Ulcp. withdrawn; Ruhstahler, 18: Hears,
flrlth.dra.wn: HaiKht, 18; Jackson, withdrawn;
Ingalstie, withdrawn: 'Jreen, 17; Klbby, with
drawn; Burnett. IK; Taylor, withdrawn; Jones,
17; Vauehan. withdrawn: Hiedelben?, IS.
The Selhy race was the third and last
• eni of the day— lo birds, $5 entrance and
J2."> added. The cash was divided among
the six high guns shown in the following
scores:
Frudner, 10; Xauman, 10; Merrill, withdrawn;
Fox, 10; Rice, withdrawn; Halght, H: Bears,
withdrawn; Brighton, withdrawn; Vauphan.
withdrawn: Klbby, 10; Inffalsne, 10; Jones,
Withdrawn; Wales, withdrawn; Burnett. 10;
PpraKue. 9: Jackson, withdrawn; Ruhstahler,
withdrawn.
To-day being the last day of the tour
nament, it is expected that the attend
ance will be larger than on either of the
two preceding occasions. Besides the
cash prizes, the Fay diamond medal will
be contested for, and there are a number
of shots who desire very much to carry
off this beautiful prize.
SEARCHED HER LAST RECORD.
Death of Helena H. Black, an At
tache of the Recorder's Office.
The entire clerical staff and corps of
copyists In the Recorder's office are in
mourning, so to speak, over the death of
one of their associates. Miss Helena H.
Black, who has been connected with the
Recorder's office as a searcher of records
for O. A. Rouleau for the past ten years.
She was the daughter of ah cx-Vrilon
soldier, she was patriotic to the flag for
which her father offered his life, and her
sympathy extpnded to aiding every mem
ber of ihe Grand Army of the Republic
who needed such aid. She was secretary
of George H. Meaue Relief Corps, in this
city for a number of years, and there, too,
she made friends of all her companions
and the members of the G. A. It. who
met and loved her for her goodness of
heart and kindly disposition.
Her funeral will take place to-day from
f)O3 Greenwich street at 2:30 o'clock, and
will be attended by a host of her late ac
quaintances from the City Hall.
A SALE OF BEAUTIES.
Eighteen Hungarian Ponies to Be
Disposed of at Public Auction.
The snle of eighteen high-class Hun
garian ponies at Killip & C'o.'s yards, cor
ner of Van Ness and Market streets, to
morrow, promises to attract a great many
lover* <>f horseflesh.
The ponies are all the property of A. W
Foster of San Rafael, and were sired by
the prize winning stallion Carlisle, which
attracted so much favorable attention
and comment at the last horse show. The
ponies range from 10 to 12 hands iugn,
are all broken to drive or ride, and are
of th"c most tractable disposition. They
will be disposed of at auction, the sale to
commence at 11 o'clock.
Elks Incorporate.
Articles of incorporation of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 8, of the Benevolent and Pro
tectlve Order of Elks of America, were
hied with the County Clerk yesterday
The directors are: Harry New'hoff. win
ham M. Joseph! Henry H. Davis, William
J. Moore and Ellwood K. Hill.
CANADIAN DUTIES
ARE IN EFFECT.
IMPORTANT REGULATIONS FOB
THE ALASKA TRADE.
Provision Under Which Goods May
Be Shipped in the Northwest
Territory Free of Duty.
The Secretary of the Treasury trans
mitted yesterday to Collector Jackson a
circular giving the regulations just adopt
ed by the Government of tha Dominion of
Canada, as follows:
Canadian goods carried by American
vessels from Canadian ports to ports in
Alaska and transhipped to places in the
Northwest Territory are admitted free of
duty.
American goods on which duty has been
paid in Canada and carried subsequently
by American vessels from Canadian ports
to ports in Alasfca and there transhipped
to places in the Northwest Territory are
admitted free of duty under regulations
of the Customs Departnujit dated April
UU, 18%.
Goods purchased in Canada duty paid
are free, and goods the produce of Canada
which are carried through Alaska are free
of United States Customs duties when
transhipped by water from ports hi Can
ada, provided that the identity of the
goods shall he established to the satis
faction of the Collector of Customs at the
port of entry.
The manifest or invoice containing a
description of the goods and their value,
with the brands and marks on the pack
ages, shall be presented to the customs
officer at Canadian frontier ports in the
Yukon district and Stickeen. Tlip certifi
cate of the Canadian customs officer Is
required to be indorsed on the manifest or
invoice, and the fact that the goods de
scribed therein have been shipped duty
free from a port In Canada.
Goods purchased in Canada duty free
are free, and goods the produce of Canada
which are carried through Alaska are free
of Canadian customs duties when tran
shipped by water from ports in Canada
under regulations prescribed by the Min
ister of Customs, provided that the iden
tity of jthe goods shall be established to
the satisfaction of the Collector of Cus
toms at the port of entry.
In the Divorce Courts.
Frederick Smith has applied for a di
vorce from Emily Annie Smith. As a
cause of action the plaintiff alleges cru
elty. W. D. Valentine filed suit for di
vorce from Mary G. Valentine yesterday,
alleging desertion as cause of com
plaint. Pauline Levin was granted a di
vorce from Morris Levin by Judge Bahrs
yesterday on the ground of extreme cru
elty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHICAGO. May 27, 1898,
LEAVITT& BILL, 303 Larkin street. San
Francisco : Our actual sales of Crescent
bicycles to this morning passed the total
sales for year 1897. Public demand is our
best recommendation.
WESTERN WHEEL WORKS.
Price and Quality Tells!
The '98 Crescent
BICYCLES!
BETTER THAN EVER AND THE PRICE
ONLY
$35 and $50.
BOTH LADIES' AND GENTLE-
MEN'S WHEELS, FITTED WITH
DUNLOP CORRUGATED TIRES.
Honest Cycles at Honest Prices.
LEAVITT~& BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 1-ia-rk.in St., S. in.
SO San Pablo aye., Oakland.
ipf7 C For 4 Rooms
<P I O Furniture,
CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables $4.00
Carpets 40c
Combination Bookcases $6.00
Goods sold on easy payment*. Cataloirueß
mailed free. Free Deliver -■ across the bay.
X. BRILLIANT,
Telephone Una 1850. 338 and 340 Post Street.
r ADVERTISEMENTS. ..... .1
■^ .
* A 1 I II I AF #% A 1 W* I * '
* VI lllP % m
* _n_fl! Wflilf l\_Ul I" t
j r _e__P^^K__ B iKu __w^^^__p_i wWI _KrB KiS _■__■ _B_|_^__K__fjg 69 ___■ *•■'■ *'*
*» "^ •
I Steamship " CORONA" I
The entire cargo of wearables saved from the late shipwreck, steamer •
4* "Corona"— Clothing, Hats, Caps, Men's and Boys' Furnishing Goods.
4* A $40,000 stock of seasonable merchandise saved from the sea. #■ '
\ After a long and deliberate bid for the entire stock it has been " *■■•■
* awarded to us by the underwriters. Not an article will be left to Jf
a put in regular stock, but all will be sold in its entirety. We will cast %
4* aside all profit and will give you the benefit of the most remarkable , c
4*. and stupendous purchase ever attempted by any merchant on . *§* a
* the Pacific Coast. •■■- * - • %r
jg. - _^^ « , i I, * ;_
_E^^^^^^' eW JE9 J_| Jl^^^^^B_| fffl Jt_ _y __^^^^^j™ Jw^^^^^^i _^l^^^^^^r JN7 -jAS*^ y^^^^^^Bfc _s^^^^^i3i _^J JSr^^^^^l «hL^^^^^^ t-^
1 SHIPWRECK RRfCESt
$ - — ' '— »
.^ : Case No, 1 contains 250 Men's Case No. 2 contains 200 Men's -"
* and Young Men's Suits, sizes $2*95 ' Styl ' sh " U P" to "- Date ' Suits ' $4.95 f"
| 34 tO 44 B«FWE.«FEI» r ° Und ° r SC l Uare CUt ' ••*•••• SHIPWRECK PRICE -
* Case N0.3 contains assortment of Case No. 4 contains assortment , • •$.
f Suits, cassimere, cheviot and d*£: AF ° beautiful and stylish gar- §7 _M/"_| f.
Suits, cassimere, cheviot and y%t% *-l ! _v 4on •^-^^-^
4* •_ • . •j/\J«C7v_P. merits, some worth $20 shipwreck price *3r
tweed mixtures shipwreck price ! - ' " #-
_t_ n mc o•* r j-rr j. 4. * Case No. 6, Cutaways, Sacks, both single and j*
•t? Oase No. 5, many buits of different textures, ,  , x J 7  j • 6116 l1 j . *sT
!_: - , ; . .. double breasted, including every desirable de- _?
* dressy fabrics for Men and . sign, from the simple block to : %
*& Young Men, diagonals, club # 95 ' the elaborate patterns of $9.95 2
*£ checks and imported tweeds. . shipwreck price R°°k &Co shipwreck price a.
* : ' : •- • • ■
«§* DOWN GOES THE SHIP-DOWN WITH THE PRICES.
* '■ : j ' —^ &
.4* Bundles of Men's Working i Stacks of Trousers in hair-line ef- * / --, "^
"*£; Trousers, 20 or 30 different R^C fectS) aS well aS an assortment 31.4-3 *
'* kinds strona and durable V*J\^ ; of desirable patterns, worth $3 shipwreck price ft-
r^ Kinas, sirong ana aura Die .... shipwreck price ; &;/* _
"*? ""'..'"■s r . •.° • Take your pick of all the finest and best lines ;f"
.* Hundreds of dressy, stylish and j of per fect-fitting Trousers, --_ -- *■
J serviceable Trousers, exclusive # y3 j just the thing to liven up _/_, _ Q __} T
"*; * patterns shipwreck price y our dress coat anc ' vest - • • shipwreck price 5
i? ■ __^ ; *3T
BRING THIS WITH YOU-COMPARE PRICES. |]
Youths' Suits, ages 14 to 19 Youths' Suits, ages 14 to 19 years, tweeds and
* years, cheviot material, splen- $3.Q5 cassimeres, single and double *J_ AC
jL ... i V4^v^»v_#v_y breasted, very stylish patterns mJT»37^J A ■
£" did make shipwreck price shipwreck price ?Z
* ft
I ' 924===MARKET STREET===93O — — — |
t 924 — MARKET STREET===93O f
* ■- - -.- ■--•- - ■ : 7~~ \ ■ $
; Boys' Wash Suits, made well, '"> p-, Boys' Suits, in reefer and other -*, | /_■ _
"^ appropriately trimmed, sizes 4"3 C styles, made up in finest J_>] # Q_3 &
"♦^ 3to 8 • SHIPWRECK price , design shipwbeck price *
Sil Boys' Stylish Reefer Suits, extra strong Little Boys' Middy Suits, most desirable
j?% material and first-class in _r< | p^p styles, trimmed and arranged rp . -^ _, A
£ every particular, sizes 4to j _ ___, __) su '* stylish taste, sizes ___>| B Mr) &>
J& 14. . . SHIPWRECK PRICE j 3toB. . SHIPWRECK PRICE .£__.
' _^ ' ; [ ; .•?
I "ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST" |
_ ft :
% Boys' Knee Pants. Shipwreck Price ___,{__) (3 Boys' Knee Pants. Shipwreck Price "^
_F Boys' Knee Pants, the regular 75c /iCp Boys' Knee Pants, the regular $1.00 CC^-- g-
v kind. Shipwreck Price..... .. T-vJC kind. Shipwreck Price C/OC";
%' WE MEAN TO CLOTHE YOU AT SHIPWRECK PRICES *
*? : . •'i
* - — ; , - : ~~ *■
-fc. Men's and Boys' Straw Hats, every ICp Men's Stylish Hats in derbies, splen- E^_^>-- &>
_& desirable kind, perfect goods.. It-^w did quality and good shapes SHI / CK *-' v_/V_/
SHIPWRECK PRICE J*|
** '._ i ci r i v x • j v- j *— r p-* Men's and Young Men's Very Stylish Hats, *+
* Men's Stylish Hats '. in derb.es ! and 75C Derbies and fedoras, in black CCi OR*
fedoras, black and brown colors^O^ and co|ors _ wreck p . ]Qe $ I . _^^) ft .
* ' ; . ; ft
"I TH^ GOODS ARE ALL DESIRABLE AND PERFECT
4? : — %r
Men's and Boys' Golf Caps, worth 50c. IJAp ' Little Boys' Middy Caps, worth 75c. Ijr^ J*
*V Shipwreck Price — . '. _uUll Shipwreck Price Ju 1£
«^ Men's Golf Shirts, worth 75c. Ship- QC#_ Mfn's Heavy Domet Flannel and Cheviot QCft 4*
wreck Price 03 If Shirts, worth 50c. Shipwreck Price __Jll ft
* All-wool Cassimere and Silk Finished IF. Men's Genuine Balbriggan Underwear, jr^ ft
*' Working Shirts, worth $1.00, «?__«« 40 C Shl P wreck Pr.ce. I JJj -ft.-
Men's Genuine Merino Underwear. QCrt Men's Genuine Wool Underwear, QlT__ -^
Shipwreck Price uOu regular $1.00. Shipwreck Price... OOG ft 1
.^ EACH v, EACH
* $40,000 WORTH OF MERCHANDISE-LESS THAN COST *
•^ . . . — . _ _ : .—. — . ■ ■ -^
0*: Men's and Boys' Cotton Sweaters. QP_r> | Men's and Boys' All-Wool Sweaters. QKn '%"'
* SHIPWRECK PR1CE. ................. pUb SHIPWRECK PRICE. DOC -*
jfT Men's Neckwear, four-in-hands, Tecks and pTp I Men's Neckwear » beautiful designs I£T St
<£ bows, madras and lawns. 'SHIPWRECK PRICE O\j \ . regular 35c quality. SHIPWRECK PRICE lOC ft'
S* Men's Woolen and Cotton Maco Yarn 1 A I_. ,,,-■, ' ,  r ';i,,"n,.,nr __,
I Half Hose,blacl<and colors. SHIPWRECK PRICE lUO | Children 's Fast Black Hose SHIPWRECK t\O g
■ - ? -J. pair j "HUE tJ\j -j*
5? Boys' Blouse Waists, spring style, neat Of_/_ d > \a/ • x • i j x lli _ ~ 'i
% effects. SHIPWRECK PRICf <CUC | Bo >* % J^SjS?^ 6 45 C |
i^- % ' collars, worth 75c. SHIPWRECK PRICE. . 4£-
♦ i, ALL GOODS marked In plain fi_ures. Courteous treatment ! £*
X accorded to all. Parcels delivered free to all parts of the Men's Splendid Linen Finished Handker- £~ *
city and surroundinn towns. IVlen S OpienaiO Linen TiniSnea nanOKer- U/j j*
"*'; mail orders PROMPTLY filled. chiefs, extra large size. SHIPWRECK PRICE. . OVj *%■
7$ - : : •• : '•''"'" " I ' ' ■ • ■ ' ' -
* — •■-:■■ ■• , __^ ■:•:, - -■■ ■.. - .. ■ ?!;;^ $
I Q24r&3^ STREET. I
910
ON THE EVE
OF ELECTION
Close of the Oregon
Campaign.
FREE SILVER THE ISSUE
BALLOTS WILL BE CAST ON
MONDAY.
Republicans, Fusionists and Middle
of-the-Road Populists Have
Tickets in the
Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., June* 4.— The cam
paign preparatory to the State election,
which will occur on Monday, was dose,!
to-night. Meetings of all parties were
held in nearly every town In the Stan-.
Th^r.> is to be elected a full State
ticket, two members of Conurn-ss. dis
trict and county officers, and members
of the Legislature. <m\ iiifr to the fail
tire of the lust Legislature to organize
a Cnited States Senator is to be chosen
at the coming session. T-he*e are three
tickets in tin' Held, the Republican, the
/usionist, r.>!:i;">--' >! of Democrats, Pop
ulist*! and free silver Republicans and
the middle-of-the-road Populists.
In tii.- Presidential ele.-tion of 1596,
when a fusion of the Democrats, Popu
lists and free silver Republicans whs
complete, the Republicans carried the
fcJtate by 2100 majority. The vote of the
rnl<Mle-V>f-the-roa<l Populists will not be
large, but it is conceded that it will
benefit the Republicans by drawing
from the fusion ticket.
The financial question has been the
prevailing feature of the. campaign,
though during the past few days the
American Protective Association has
figured prominently, especially in the
case of the Republican and fusion can
didates for Governor. In the city of
Portland, the Republican stronghold,
the Republican party is divided and
two ti'-kfts are in the field.
The Republicans have twelve hold
over Senators out of a total of thirty
members of the upper house of the
Legislature, which will give them a de
cided advantage in the contest for con
trol of the Legislature.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
M. G. Rhodes of San Jose Is registered
at the Lick.
• E. W. Clark of Washington, D. C, Is
at the Occidental.
E. C. Merritt of Santa Rosa Is one of
the guests at the California.
A. D. King and R. V. Ellis of Han ford
are registered at the Palace.
D. T. Da vies of Washington Is at the
Palace accompanied by his wife.
James Miller, a prominent resident of
Reno, New. Is located at the Lick.
J. A. MeKenzle, a well-known merchant
of Merced, is staying at the Grand.
Harvey W. Shepard of Boston. E. T,.
Goodsell and Gerald Goodsell of San Jose,
are among the arrivals at the California.
G. X. Foote of Ilollister. County Clerk
of San Benlto County, and George W.
petjene, the hotel proprietor of Pleas
anton. is at the Grand with his wife.
Third Vice-President Stubba of the
Southern Pacific Company left yesterday
for Portland. Or., to be present at the
meeting of the Interstate Commerce Com
missioners, which takes place this week.
Mrs. Mary J. Lynch left last night for
an extended journey through the North
and Fast. She will first visit her nephew,
Henry Cromwell, at Miraoula, Mont.: and
later her brother. Charles W. Burd, at
New York city.
Several gentle
men were en
gaged In conver
sation In thoPal
ace court last
night, and the
topic under dis
cussion finally
A SLIGHT
MISUNDER
STANDING.
drifted to that insidious disease known as
looomotor ataxia." A medical man. who
formed one of the party, said th;it sci
ence up to the present time had been nn
nlile to cope successfully with the mal
ady. The best it can do is to afford tem
porary- reiit-f. He characterised It as a
pitiful disease, for the reason that while
the upper part of the body might be in
perfect physical condition the one afflict
ed loses almost entire control of the Umbf
and locomotion becomes a most painful
effort, and, concluded the doctor. "I re
ally believe that T would prefer to be
afflicted with almost any other disease
than 'locomotor ataxia'."
At this Juncture a little old man of the
group, who had been an Interested listen
er to the dissertation, and who was par
tially deaf, remarked: "Well I must say
that when a 'locomotive attacks you." you
don't have much of a chanc for your life.
In many cases when you come In contact
with the 'steam horse' you not only lose
control of your limbs, but you lose them
outright. We have a little railroad duwn
In our section and the one locomotive in
up<> has done all kinds of damage. Why
It killed three men in a week, and cattle
In great numbers are found strewn along
thfi road. aJter they had been tossed in
the air by the 'little demon,' as it has
come to be culled; and a singular thing
about it all is that their limbs are in
variably cut off by the in. pact. I quite
agree with our friend, the doctor, that
nothing has such bad results aa when a
'locomotive attacks you."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 4.— J. A. i-edder; San
Francisco, is at the Manhattan; John
Marsh, San Francisco, Savoy; J. F. Nu
gent, San Francisco, Empire; C. V. Mui
lfns, Pacific Coast manager of the com
mercial Union Assurance Company, ar- ;
rived here to-night, remaining until Tues- j
. day. when ho will take the steamer for I
'England. Colonel William Forsythe, of
th<- Forsythe Seeded Kalsin Company of
Fresno, who has been in the East for :
some time, left for home last night.
■ ♦ »
Kayser's Picturesque Cards.
Editor Albert Kayser of the Oakland
.Journal li.is ju.st Issued some of the
handsomest illustrated mailing cards ever
>►"'-!] in this part of the country. They
contain beautiful half-tones and half-tone i
Illustration* of the principal towns and ,
cities of the State. The idea is similar to
that prevalent in Europe, and is calcu- ;
lated to be of great aid in advertising the I
scenic beauties of California. The San
Francisco .series is very thorough; as well
as those illustrating San Jose, Oakland, \
Monterey and Santa Cruz.
— *~p
To Prison for Life.
. I<ee Fat, the. Chinaman who a few
months ago killed Lee . Tong by cutting |
him with a knife at' Dupont and Wash
ington, streets, was sentenced to the State
• Prison at Folsom for life by Judge Bor
den yesterday. A. Jewett, another con
' vlct, wae given three years in San Quen
tln for burglary.
'■ ♦ ■ ' ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
Or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WILL SEARCH
FOR ANDREE
French Scientists at Van
couver.
PLANS FOR THEIR VENTURE
WILL EMBARK IN A BALLOON
AT SKAGUAY.
Believe the Arctic Explorer Will Be
Found Somewhere in
the Wilds of
Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, June 4.— The advance
guard of French scientists who intend
to build a balloon here and start on a
search for Andree arrived yesterday
and are now perfecting arrangements
for the perilous trip. They are Dr. A.
J. Terwagne, Edouard Feret and I,<r\iis
Nicolas, all of Paris. M. Varicle ia ex
pected to arrive in a few days.
Terwagne is a personal friend of An
dr»*e. rie said the party would get away
from here in about three weeks, would
proceed to either Skaguay or Dyea and
make the balkron trip across Alaska,
Btopping at out of the way places in
search of the famous explorer, who, he
firmly believes, is alive and well. The
doctor does not expect to experience
many difficulties on the trip.
"Our principle," said he, "is to get
the balloon up a certain distance and
regulate it at will. We have a hemp
rtrpe 150 yards long, with ;<o yards in
balloon. This trails along the ground,
and we can guide our movements per
fectly. Andree failed on account uf his
poor rope arrangement. When leaving
Spitsbergen the ropes were inter
twined and he had to leave go of two,
thus sending the balloon to a great
height and making it unmanageable.
He intended going north, but when he
lost the ropes the balloon became un
manageable and drifted away in the
opposite direction. We are convinced
Andree is in Alaska, If we thought he
was in Siberia we would never search
for him. as he would be dead by now."
By his rope system Dr. Tnt-wagne
traveled with Andree from Paris to
Dieppe recently.
"NOTES 'ON THE
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Interesting Information Concerning
Gold on Luzon and Conditions
as to Climate.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— "Notes on
the Philippine Islands" have been is
sued by the State Department as No.
131 nf the advance sheets of the con
sular reports.
One expert extensively quoted, Frank
('aruth, says that extensive gold de
posits have been opened up quite near
th^ sea, assuring; a large output fur
many years to come. It has also been
proved that they extend over a wide
district. Alluvial pold is found in the
island of Mindanao, and there are »jx
tenslve cupper deposits in Luzon. While
no true coal has been found. there is
ligriitt- of a very good quality, quite
useful for Bteam vessels. This is in
Rreat quantity. Roughly washed al
luvial gold has been found to contain
rubies and hyacinths. There is no
want of labor ;it cheap rate, and ,on
the whole, the general conditions for
mining are exceptionally favorable.
Some facts of Interest, aside from
mining, ar-- noted. For Instance, the
Philippine archipelago contains nearly
two thousand Islands. Two of them
are larger than Ireland. Luzon, with
42,000, and Mindanao with 35.000 square
miles. Earthquakes are not infrequent.
The rainfall is not excessive, nor is it
continuous.
The climate is very healthy for a
tropical region, and diseases such as
yellow fever are unknown. The na
tives are mostly Malays, but in the In
terior are remnant? of a rare of Pap
uan origin.
The author of the pamphlet speaks
in the highest terms of the character
of the natives. Th^ family tie is very
Strong, children are orderly, parents re
spected and the race has an inbred
courtesy and prudence, while ready
hospitality is never missing. Eight mil
lion natives inhabit the Philippines,
food resources are ample and famine is
unknown.
MRS. ATKINSON WILL
NOT BE INDICTED
Forgery Charge Against the Wife of
West Virginia's Governor
May Be Dropped.
WHKKL.TNG, W. Vn., June 4.-Tt is now
known that the Grand Jury will not pro
sent a new Indictment against Mrs. At
kinson, the wife of Governor Atkinson,
the first Indictment of whom on a charge
of forgery was dismissed on a technical
ity by Judge Blicsard on Thursday. This
removes the direct charge from Mrs. At
kinson for the ffesent. but leaves her In
directly In the case. Owens, who was in
dicted hs a party to the alleged forgery
of receipts signed by Judge Camden's
name. Is on trial, and should he be found
guilty It might be possible to re-indict
Mrs. Atkinson, as she has made no denial
of being the writer of* the papers Owens
Is alleged to have uttered. Little '-vldence
wan adduced by the prosecution Friday.
♦
SALE OF TWO ISLANDS.
Anacapa and St. Nicholas Are Trans-
ferred to New Owners.
VENTURA, June 4— There has been
flled with the County Recorder a deed
whereby, in consideration of $N(XH), ESzekiel
Elliott of Santa Barbara conveys to
George Le Mesnager of l,os Angeles all
of his right, title and interest in Anacapa
Island, and a deed whereby J. V. Elliott
of Santa Barbara conveys, in considera
tion of $«xxi, to Peter Cases of Los An
gcW-s all of his title and Interest in St.
Nicholas Island.
Koth Islands are off the coast of Ven
tura County. ;n:d are a part, of this
county. Anacapa lies about twenty
nearly 1000 acres of land, capable of sup
porting ir,oo sheep or goats, rit. Nicholas
Is- due south, eighty miles from Ventura,
and contains about forty square miles,
capable of carrying 3000 sheep.
Torpedo Boat Davis Launched.
PORTLAND, Or., June 4.— The tor- j
pedo-boat Davis was launched this
afternoon from the ship yards of the i
Wolff & Zwicker Iron Works of this
city. Two battalions of the Oregon
naval reserve assisted In the ceremony I
of christening the craft. The Davis is
140 feet in length and her speed is to
be 22^ knots an hour. During the ,
present month the torpedo-boat Fox !
will be launched by the Wolff & Zwick- j
er Company.
Hoff Nears His Doom.
BAN QT'ENTIN, June 4.— Albert Hoff, 1
the murderer of Mrs. Mary Clute, was re- !
moved from his cell In murderers' row !
and placed in the condemned cell by Cap
tain Edgar to-day. He will expiate his
crime on the gallows next Friday.
THE SAy FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
POLICE AVERT
A GUN FIGHT
Pistols Flourished by
Angry Carsonites.
OUTCOME OF A SCANDAL
UPROAR AT THE ORPHANAGE
INVESTIGATION.
Commissioner Pratt Resigns, Claim
ing His Fellow Officials are
Not Disposed to Deal
Justly.
Sp*>clal Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON. June 4.— The Investigation
of the Orphans' Home scandal closed
this afternoon at 3 o'clock and the af
fair was taken under advisement by
Commissioners Cutting and Wester
field. Commissioner Pratt resigned
this morning, claiming he could get no
justice from the board.
At last night's sessiirn there was an
exciting scene. The board got into a
wrangle, and the attorneys for Day,
the accuser of the Orphans' Home
managers, left the room in disgust.
Attorney Woodburn returned, however,
and at a remark of Commissioner Cut
ting a light began between the two. A.
Stock, bruther of Miss Stock, and State
Printer McCarthy drew their revolvers,
but shooting was prevented by a rush
of ladies. But again weapons were
drawn, this time by a number of per
sons on both sides. A tragedy was
averted by the police officers who had
been called into attendance, as trouble
was feared.
The case against Stock brothers, for
whom "warrants were issued last night,
for drawing deadly weapons, will be
withdrawn, as the complaining' wit
nesses, State Printer McCarty and
Charles B. Day, also drew revolvers,
and they have been advised by their
friends to let the affair drop.
The board will exonerate Miss Stock
of the charges that have been filed
against her character.
The attitude of Commissioner Cut
ting in the case has been seriously com
mented upon. That gentleman is a
brother-in-law of Superintendent Bee
be, and during the session acted as his
defender, notwithstanding he was sup
posed to be an impartial Judge. He
frequently scoffed at answers given by
witnesses for the prosecution and ad
mitted in open session that his mind
was made up.
Camp Merritt Postoftice.
The new postoffice at Richmond estab
lished for the accommodation of the
troops stationed there has been christened
by Postmaster Montague Camp Merritt
Postoffice.
AMUSEMENTS.
30/
go
Government
1 — .
Loan.
sum \JF\M'A.m. 9
Subscription Books
I Are Now Open
, . AT THE , ,
First National Bank
XW.- Cor. Bush and Sansome Sts.
Der)on)inatior)s of Bonds,
$25, $50, $100, $500 °nd $1000
JUNE 4, 1898.
THEGREATSPECIALISTS
Thousands of cures, the Indorsement of the
1 press and people of the State of California,
finest equipment on the coast, permit
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET STREET.
To make you an offer, the equal of which has
never been heard of In this city. Sixteen yean
. of successful practice has made them so con-
, fident that they can cure any case that they
i undertake that they make you this unqualified
proposition.
Not t Dollar Need Be Paid Until Care Is Effected.
Dangerous symptoms. I Dizziness.
Absentmlndedness. Palpitation ■of the
■ Baahfulness. Heart.
Paint in the Back. Nervonsaen
1 Loss of Flesh. j Drowsiness After
I Black Heads, Pimples. | Meals
Sleeplessness. Loss of Ambition.
j Contusion of Ideas. !
j Contagious blood poison, recently contracted
cases and badly treated cases, speedily cured
If you cannot call at the olllce send for
FKKE BOOK AND BTHPTOM BLANK
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the Y
English and German Expert Kpecialistit
T3l Market Street.
l(..Mr>. !■-:. Kvpnin^s 7-S: Sundays it-n
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
\,vtl()F Tile *■■■• ,~~M«mrteea,eitrictt»fjWssJl«
*"«»■»* —-555
4*f^RTmk^o raßft! -
• V*N VROOM
* ? Nk4;/V w '■ Eisstro Dental Parlors
- *T~~ <VIJ llvV 1 SIXTH AND MARKET
'*** * 0. W. KIEISF.P. O. D.3. •
>f^VDEWEY,STRONG ZCO.JfZS.
(1
- %»S/330 MARKET ST.Sf.VSSS/
PATTOSIEN'S WONDERFUL BARGAINS ! \
$^* The Most Interesting Store for Visitors in the City. t
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦# ; Nonsense about the Fur-
♦ spring is with us, but, for an un- > niture and Carpet buBi-
♦• accountable reason, trade is so far "T , x
_. off that it is a difficult matter to + neSS beilior dull.
~ *cc It with a spyglass. Furniture T °
♦ ■ Pro d n^ tn " is? e aut!rvsss ™i 1 We 'ye never found it so -
♦ prospects anything but encourag- ♦It cail't be OUT liame OT
_» ing.— American Carpet and Furni- a . - . . ",
▼ ture journal. salesmen that keeps us
♦ ■f + 4-f -f -f -f + -f -f + 4+-f- ♦■• busy — must be the goods
— the price — let's see. We
can furnish your home for $100 or for $10,000, and at all
the between prices. We know how to put in the style
without putting in the cost ; we don't charge for the style,
and as our rent and expenses are cheap, we can undersell I
the other fellow. Yes, that must be — we undersell the
other fellow.
We undersell all others ! ! A broad assertion, did you
say ? — possibly, but the assertion is worth looking into.
PATTOSIEN COMPANY,
Cor. Sixteenth and Mission.
Take Mission or Fillmore street cars, or any car transferring to those lines. j
PARLOR FURNITURE SALE.
More Furniture — Parlor Bargains.
9-11. r>O Parlor Suit— 3 handsome pieces—
Dtxtch marquetry backs, upholstered seats
in b.-pt damask, piano polish finish.
Parlor Suit, solid mahogany, best
damask covering, solid colors -must be seen
to be appreciated.
94S Parlor Suit, solid mahogany, nicely
inlaid, full curved hacks, upholstered in
silk damask. 1
94f> Parlor Suit— 5 elegant pieces, hand !
carved and polished, upholstered in fine
silk damask or brocatelle.
$M.nO Parlor Rocker, solid mahogany,
hand polished and very prettily inlaid, j
fancy shaped arms— A GRF.AT BARGAIN. I
IM.ii.-. Rocker, high carved back, brace
arm and very finely polished, oak or ma- :
hogany finish.
$f».75 Parlor Chair, handsome Inlaid back
—a very artistic piece of furniture— useful
as well as ornamental.
9r>.2."> Chair. Belgian oak, saddle seat. I
hand carved — only kind ever shown- our
Own special design.
A most complete line of all kinds of
I*»'n Furniture, from the splint seat chair '
at 90c to the fine India bent wood jfo..,i<
finished In fancy colors— at $8.50 $5 N
and 92.r>0
. " *■"" " ; ;—; — : — ; : . b
MISSION STREET. §^T All RnfldS \j^ JO PattOSiefl'S SIXTEENTH STREET. T
KEEP THE WELL, WELL.
"I suspect that I may attribute my recent headaches to
doing so much night-work of late," said a lady who earns her
own living. " I had an order to address a large number of en-
velopes and as I was paid by the thousand and others wanted
the work, too, I sat up pretty late and perhaps worked in a room
not so well ventilated as it might be. As a consequence I have
more than once had a headache the next day. I have found,
however, that if I swallow a Ripans Tabule just as soon as I
have a premonition of the trouble, it staves it off and I escape
scot free. That is why I say that Ripans Tabules are a medicine
. for well people, for I am certainly a healthy woman, but I use the
Tabules now and then and would not like to be without them." ,
A new rtrle packet OAntaintng ncn tabut.» in a paper rarton (without class) is now for sale,., some drag
■torn foe fttk <7«irra >il« low-priced sort ft intended for the poor and tho economical. One dozen of th«
flTe-oeot cartone O2v) uMw) oan be luui bymtil tij min<Un<i forty-el(f ht cents to tho lUTAHS < ukxicu.
' - -<r. Ko. 10 BBruee StrSST New York— a sisifile carton (res TA.BULSB) will be sent for fire centa.
000000000000000003 [
S T " PALACE ; '•■• D S:
%GRAND hotelso
q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
2 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attasha J. ~
O ~u. Under ox* Mi»AO«*" £ • W
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O I
a European Plan. »l.OO per day and upwranl O |
w American Plan. S3. OO par day and ward "* i
C JOHN 0. KIRKPATaiCK,' Manager. Q J
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATHICK, Xanager. O j
000000000000000000
gggg&Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
V*/im&j* five hundred reward for any case
■■■ ■"B we cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
wa cannot cure. This Wcret remedy
ftopfi all losses in 24 hours, i urea
■S3 WB Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele,
nJH Win tioniirrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
■■■ Hi Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
■|H_hß fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■■■■■raM sealed, $1' bottle; 3 bottles. *5, guar-
anteed to cure: Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cat Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. R. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
WONG WOO,
P^l CHINESE TEA AND HERB
RJP J SANITARIUM,
\p^jl^ 761-66 CLAT ST., San Francisco, o*l
m\« All diseases cured exclusive- i
VW*f^Tf/r^V 1 l >' b * Chinese herb 3. over 3»0
rfiJlf. ft 7V 9 varieties being u«ed." ADVICH
FREE. Hours. »:30 to 11 a. ni., 1 to 3 and 7UT
1 p. m. , . . ..-■;-•_/ _..■ ..-.■; . .-.: ... :-.. ..;■;-? ;
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA. - BITTERS. - THB
>W great fi Mexican - remedy; 1 gives • health and
strength to th« sexual oraiu. --■ X'-.^j ; '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$10,000 Worth of
Fine Parlor Furniture Will Be
Placed on Sale To=morrow.
THR BALE WILL INCLUDE all of our
own special make and designs; also a very
large collection of the best makers of fine
Parlor Furniture in the country.
$ir..7."> Parlor Suit, all hand polished and
carved, upholstered in silk damask.
S— l.7f> Parlor Suit, fine inlaid back, hand
polished, upholstered spring seat, assort-
ment of colors.
S7 Rocker, regular Dutch pattern seat and
back— in Kobelin li>;iirt-.i tapestry— frames
fire hand-carved and hand-made. Very
unique and artistic.
9&25 Qilt Parlor chair, in real Dutch
metal leaf— very substantial.
S*U7.7."> leather Couch, tufted, neat.
framework or deep l«,,ther fringe, for |
lilirary or office.
9tf» Conch— Our Special— extra wide — neat j
framework, upholstered In heavy, durable
tapestry.
98 Couch— a marvel In cheapness, yet fully
guaranteed— upholstered in tapestry or
corduroys.
)pri7.rSO I'avnport, tufted seat and back,
7 feet long. S feet wide very luxurious.
$.'{. r»O Rockers— A lame variety of Rockers
to be closed nut on your choice— worth up
to $6— great bargains.
#1>.7." Box Coii'-h a very useful bedroom
article; large, roomy box for dresses, etc.,
etc.
94.75 Parlor n r Reception Chair, silk dam-
ask seats, plain and inlaid backs.
RATTAN FURNITURE.
75 Rattan Chairs, samples of the Wake- i
fiHil Kuttan Co., all different styles, worth
from $7.00 to $20.00, will be dosed out for i
$2.75, $5 80, $6 75 and 99.50
A very handsome Kattan Rocker, worth
$8.00, will be sold for SjW.7."*
Kattan Settees, worth $12.00 to $2
be sold for flO.OO, $8.60 and 95.75
DR.M^DLT7.
'■|'in^ v.-j-: r.r, k sows and RKLtABUE or,t«
..L S|>e<-iHiist ntrrs I'rlvale.Nei'Voiis. >t:'>.K::iiid Skin
Diseases of Men only Muuly Power re*tore»l. Over
"Oyenrs' experience, Send for Book, free. . j'^tlen;.*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally; 6:3o tnB.3oev'gn.?&indiir», iOto 1-. c»nsuitH-
tlou free and sacn-dly couddeutlu'. < .iii or address
P. ROSCOE HcKItXTT, it. !»..
Kearny Slreft Nan I'ranrlMn. «'«,t
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER
And P. & : B. READY ROOFING.
Sold by all first-class dealers, are clean, odor-
less, of great strength, reasonable In price and
easy to transport. They keep heat, cold, damp-
ness and dust out of buildings; are particu-
larly ndapted to Alaskan trade. PARAFFINS
PAINT CO.. 116 Battery st. Tel. Main 1763
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
" VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
.. From June 1, ISSS, trains will run as follows:
*■" South-bound. I North-bound.;
Passen- Mixed Mixed I Passen-
■ ger Sunday Sta-- Sunday ■' ger
Daily. Exc'pfd tons. , Exc'pt'd Daily.
7:20 am S:00 a m Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:. p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno - 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 am 6:45 p m -Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
.2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rft'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 pm : Visalla • 6:40 a m] 12:55 p m
• Stopping at intermediate points as required.
' r'onneetiona — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and I Improvement ■ Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. .• m. daily; ' at . Merced : with stages to and
from Snellings, : Coulterville,-- Yosemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornltos, Maripoaa,;etc. ;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
Don't buy until you see these bargains.
Carpets==Rugs
30 rolls Imperial Velvets, In parlor patterns;
regular price, $1.40; to close... 91. 10
300 made-up Rugs, Brussels, Velvets. Wiltons,
etc; largest line to select from in the city;
all sizes; prices up from m • •»»<»
25 rolls Axmlnster Carpets; in this 5a1e.. 91. 10
200 rolls Sanford's Best Tapestry; for this
sale - ™ c
Chiffoniers and Dressers.
All Quartered Oak Dressers, full swell front,
French mirror; worth $16.50; at $12.
A Bird's-Eye Maple Dresser, very large base
and large French-plate mirror; worth Sos;
at $32.0<>
A large Curly Birch Dresser, serpentine front;
would be "good value at $42.50; will close
them out at... 9— *»
Solid Mahogany Dresser, swell front: worth
$35; in this sale will sell for $2,4.50
Chamber Suits and Folding Beds.
Solid Oak Chamber Suits, 3 pieces, polished
finish *!•**
Solid Oak Chamber Suits, 3 pieces, polished
finish, quarter-sawed $2S
Solid Mahogany Chamber Suits, 3 pieces, pol-
ished finish IffiS
Window Shades, Each 55c.
Made of the best quality hand-made Opaque
Shade Cloth, mounted on Hartshorn's Improved
spring rollers, for quantities of twelve shades
and over, not Including store sizes. Hung in
your residence and guaranteed for five years.
PATTOSIEN'S
Great Couch Sale.
This week we will commence one of the
greatest Couch Sales ever recorded— Couches
at $2.98 or $4.99, but Couches that are made on
honor in our own factory, and our guarantee
goes with every one. Call and see the display
on the great second floor. Inspect the Couches
in course of construction in our factory ad-
jacent. Note a few prices:
Tufted Couches, with fringe all round, uphol-
stered In tapestry or corduroy; sale price. .9S
Box Couches, with best steel springs, made to
order, in assorted colors of upholstery; sale
price $12
Tufted Couches, 32 inches wide, with a neat
oak or mahogany finished frame, upholstered
in heavy tapestry, large assortment of dur-
able colors; sale price $15
Couches, fancy Gondola shapes, nice carved
frames, upholstered In heavy imported tapes-
try or corduroy, full width and length; sale
price $U2
Couches, deep tufted, fancy carved frames, the
newest shapes and upholstered in heavy,
durable coverings In rich Oriental shades;
sale price 925
Couches in very best leather, heavy fringe all
round or neat framework, for library or
office; sale price $.'t2.s(>
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL*
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 13:35,
3:?0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:30.
0:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. in.: 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10, a. m.; 1:40. 8:10.
5:00, 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuet^en Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, •
Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- i Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:3Oam| S:ooani Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
J:Mpm »:30am Petaluma. 6:10 pin j 10:25 am
6:10 pni! 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pru| 6:22pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. [ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7 30 ami I Hopland and I 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am) _ Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:12 pm
7:30 am " , 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm] _ [« pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am :40 am
I and
5:10 pm s:oo pmj_Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3Oam| 8:00am| Sebastopol. 10:40 "am|16:25 am
3:30 pm l 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville tor Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springy
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartiett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno,. Potter Valley, John Day's River-
side Llerley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights,
HullvMle, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Wentport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
A W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pre*. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAiLWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cart
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on the Following Time t
CeaTe San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.K
Arrive Denver....... .6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. L0ut5..... 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
■ Arrive Chicago. 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yoil WILL BF COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe>
Ml FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— I 44 MARKET SI
. Chronicle Building;. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
__Ban Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS9S.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafa.<l— »8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; U:45,-3:20, 4:00, 5:15. »6:00.
6:30 p. m. :
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
V, ■"■ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:00,
•10:00. H:00. 11:30 a. m. 1:00, U:43. »2:30, »4:00.
5:30. 6:45 p. m.
.11:00 a, m. does not run to San RafaeL
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • • run Ito San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week . days ~ (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
• way stations. . - - •'
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*.
/1:45/ 1:45 d. m. Sundays— Reyes and wu «ta. - ri.
\^ 1-^ — — — — J ■
Lace Curtain Bargains. ■
<{» | a pair for your choice of ten fine pat- Q
tj) ■ tern's of Lace Curtains, full width and I
length; worth up to $3 a pair. -.
fl»| FTf\ a pair for your choice of ten fine a
tJ>I»OVF patterns of Lace Curtains, full T
j width and length; worth up to $4 a pair. '
C* O a pair for your choice of ten fine pat- no
*&*£ terns of Lace Curtains, full width and "P
length; worth up to $5 a pair. !
(J*O a pair for your choice' of ten patterns ■■
i «J7O of Lace Curtains, assorted styles, full •■
i width and length; worth up to $6 a pair. I
I ■',--....: ■ ■
G?A a pair for your choice of ten fine pat- I
*J't" terns, assorted styles, full width and I
k length; worth up to $8 a pair. T 1
B*ll a pair for your choice of ten extra fln« ?
rW patterns in Brussels, Irish Points and I
other makes, full width and full length; worth B
up to $10 a pair. T j
«£« a pair for your choice of ten extra fln» H
m tJJVJ patterns In Brussels, Irish Points Real •
„ Renaissance, etc.; worth up to $12 a pair.' B
■
1 / Your Life H
/3 Is Spent in Bed. ■
Seat Oliver Beds, j
WE SELL THEM. \
•~"-=il_vv . •■?•••
i P === '"»===j> Enameled Iron Bed, |: "
ft |<> — <?^—s lii with braes mounts, ■
'] 111 III" I for :92-85 T
I] I j I X Extra heavy White ■
II I I v«-J-Lu£_— .n. Enameled Iron Beds, I'
V ~ r?T~ "V ■i? brass mounts, in all m
|Lr~r?r: < HM"t'n slzes ••• 94.75 ■ . •
tV 1? Ij I lsy, If Our Special Brass Bed ■ ■
■ J. I I I ;') n*J' is. guaranteed to have . T
tr^ -y=^^-i —^"f*V the flnept finish and m
ft . x best workmanship; it ™
•*■ '"* has a swell extension • '
I foot end. l>4-lnch pillars, heavy filling and ■
I husk mounts 924 I
SAILBOAJ) I£AVEL .
MM IHIItV I-UHU CO3IPAJIY.
(PAOirio svarai.)
TritlnM lenve mill nrv iliiw t«» urrlTO Rl
'NAN FU.4K<IN<-O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — Prom Juke 1. 1898. — arrivk
•O:OOa Nilea, San Jon and Way Stations... •»:4.1a
7:OOa B>-nicii, Suteun aud Sacratneuto 10:45.\
7:O«a Mary»Tille, OroTille and Redding Ti» •.
Woodland .' 5:45p
7:OOa Vacaville and Rumsey S:43p
7:30 a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Call»tog» and Sant* Rosa «:I»p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and ICaat.. Bi*sp
»::i«»A Nil-s, San .lose. Htookton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico, -••' .
Tehainaandlle.llJliiff 4il»p
•»:3Oa Teterg, M M ton, Oakdale »7ilop
V:»»A New Orleans Kxi>resß, Merced. Free-
no. llakerslield. Santa Barbara.
L.us Aii e!t>n, Deminß, El I'a.io,
New Orleans and East «»««•
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinw and Way Stations 7:45r
<l:««p Sacramento Itlter Steamers «»tOOp
San Jose, Nil«s aud Way Stations... J»:l3a
2:OOp LiTermore, Merdota, Hanfonl and ■
Visalia 4il3p
LiTurmore, San Jose. Nile* and Way
Stations 1 "*
Fresno, Yoaeralte, Merced, Martinez ; l«:15p
4:»«>r Martinez, San Kainon. Vallejo,
Nap», C'allstoga, 151 Verano and
SanU •• »il » *
4i«or Beulcla, Vaoavllle, Woodland,
Knichts I .mi. ling. Marystille, Oro- -
'■''~ ■■• vllle und Saontinento 1O:4»A
4zSop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7iI»P
4:20p Stockton, Lodi. Oakdale (James-
town for Yosemite), Merced I»il3p
4:!IOp Latbrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
Mojave. Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 7148 A
4i<lOp Santa Ke Route. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojave and Hast 6t43r
e:OOr Ktiropeau Mail, Ofdmi and Kant.... 9:4»a
•6:OOrVallejo ....: 12:15p
StOOp HiiynitnLi. Nll«a und San Jose 7:4»a
}7:OOp VaUejo, Port Costa and Way SU-
tions t9:4:jr
8:OOr Oregon Kxpress, Bacmnieuto, Marys-
villc. Ue.ltliiiK. Poitlitn<l, Puget
I Sound mid Hast M»A
SAX IjUA.MMCD AM) lIAVWAUUS I '»«\ I .
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I Metro*?, Seminary l"ark, ( 7tl»*
8:OOa Fit«lib«r»r, Elrnhnrst, *"*?*£*■
i« ! «2? San L«ndro,SoulhSan |«J«*
iVi:oS: v 1 n.«r0.»>t«d1..., "^
)12:oom " Lorw«o, Cherry ■ ti:4Sr
tS:OOp and XB:4sp
3tOAp Hnvn*rd«. (St43p
7:« Op i Rum througli to Nile*. 7i43p
) t From Nile*. \.
' COAST DIVISION (.Narrow (iaugo). "
(Foot of Market Street.) '
]7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crux
and Principal Way Stations '.RiUr
8: 1 3a Newark, Oenterville.San »1 ton,
* Boulder Creek, Oruz and Way
Stations 3«3er
*2:13p Newark. Centerrille. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations *1 0 «3 a
4:13p Ban Jose, Oletiwood k Way Stations 9:80 v
! 04:15f Boulder Creek and SanU Orui j»:2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN r&lliCISCO— Fool or Mtrkft Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•i:00 ' {5:00 •6:00 p.m.
rromOHUJD— Foot of Bro«4w»T."— *6:00 8:00 10:001.11.
412:00 •*l:00 tJ:CO ' *3:03 ti/.00 '3:00 p.m. -
I " tO AS I VISION (Broad Usage).
i (Third and Townsend Sts.)
*7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
- Alniadeu Wednesdays only) i lt3Op
;7:3«a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Bauta Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations JA:33r
9:0Oa «un .lose, Trvs Pinos, Santa Cm/.,
l'aoilic (iiove, Paso Uoi)le«. bun
Luis (>l)iai>o, Uuadalupe, Surf and
Piinciiml Way Stations 4:lo[>
IO:4Oa San Jo™- mid Way Stations *t*:IIO\
ll::t<>A San J<>ee ami Way Stations *Bi33a
•8:451- San Mateu. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Pnlo Alto, SanU Clara, San .lose.
Ollroy, H')lH*ter, Santa Cms,
Ballnas, Monterey and PaciOfi -
Grove » *|0:»0%
•3:S«p Sail . luce and Way Stations *9:OOa
•4:1 Si- San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:45a •
•S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:35 a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations B:8Op
6::i«p San Jose ami Way stations " 7:8 Op '
1 ♦»'*•'*'• 8*" Jose and Way Station* 7:30r
• a A for Morning. : i' for Afternoon. "■
.* Sundays excepted. ♦ Sundays only. i Saturdays OMly
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
. MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
IS9B* aYe an Francisco, . commencing May 1.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Bundays-8:00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. IMS and
2: SO p. m.
Round trip frorri Mill Valley, $1.
_YHOS COOK & SON. Agents. €21 Marsat
■tree^. San Francisco. •
SHI $1.50 DBr YearIRELAND
MOURNS FOR
GLADSTONE
Praised as a Christian
and Statesman.
HOW. THE TIDE WAS TURNED
CLANCY TELLS OF EARLY TALK
AGAINST HIM.
the Call's Special Correspondent
Shows How Ireland, as a Na
tion, Heartily Sympathizes
With America.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
LdNDON, May 21.— The death of Mr.
Gladstone i? the great topic of the hour.
The; newspapers are full of it; so Is
■ ewry place of public resort, an<l s*>>, of
: ipedally are the Houses of
Parliament Tlie tact that it had been
• • expect p.i for mo'kp has not tended to
diminish the general Interest and Bym
■ patjify. Every one seems to feel and to
y ailmft that in Mr. Cladstone there hafl
; passed; away the greatest man of the
Irtish rare whom this century has
tuced ami one of the greatest men
■•?" that race <>f any time. He is now !
I'ra.isc'l as pre-eminently a Christian
. statesman, a politician of lofty Ideals,
.a man of principle, a patriot who has'
done unrivaled service to his country:
and" in tl'.is eulogy those \%ho were his
political opponents .I"in with his politi-
Uowers, Yet n Is only a tew years
-since he was the constant butt of the
hatred, the Indignation, the denuncia
tion, and even the scoffs and ridicul<
.fully half of tl of England. I
> self have a k< en remembrance of the
'■treatment he habitually received at the
hands of the Tory party in the House j
.Commons during the home rule
.struggle. He often seemed to me to be
rded by them at incapable of tell
the truth. Hut the English do not,
rule, keep up political animosities
ause "f them has |
y, and when Mr. Gladstone retired
politl » even the bitterest among
British opponents at once began to
gnjse hie greatness and the luster
*. be Bh< d on their common coun-
• Yesterday, as my readers will long
• • since have learned by cable, was given
up by both Houses of the British Par
liament to eulogies of the deceased
'•. statesman! In the House of Lords the
mos.t notable incident of the sitting was
the intervention of Lord Rosebery. He
spoke "as the last successor in office
.'of Mr. Gladstone." and made by far
the most impressive speech of any de
livered. He had not spoken in the
House of Lords for a considerable time,
and there are certainly several circum
stances which made it natural for him
I? to-be on such an occasion among the
panegyrists. He was one of the most
intimate of the personal friends of Mr.
Gladstone; in latter years he was his
• . favorite Foreign Minister, and he was
, more than once clearly pointed to by
his leader as his natural successor in
the leadership of the Liberal party,
though, curiously enough, it was an
■ Utterance of Mr. Gladstone on the sub
ject of the Turkish atrocities in Ar
menia which finally and directly led to
his retirement from that post a couple
> of years ago. It was natural and most
; , appropriate, therefore, that Lord Rose
bery should speak on this occasion;
j nevertheless, some persons seem to see
in the incident something beyond a
mere desire on the part of the speaker
to pay a tribute to his deceased leader,
and regard it as a political demonstra
tion and a bid for a renewed leader
ship. I confess I do not myself take
thia I lew of it, but at the same time
, there can be no question that Lord
Rosebery's action and speech yesterday
day are highly calculated to accelerate
the movement, which, undoubtedly, is
already on foot for bringing him back
to the position in the Liberal party
whjeh he abandoned under the circum
■.'„ stances to which I have alluded.
.- In the House of Commons the absence
«fthe Parnellites during the delivery
■ of-, the speeches on Mr. Gladstone was,
V; of course, generally noted. It was
; ;, deliberate and has. been explained by
••Mr. John Redmond himself, the leader
of the party, to a representative of the
press. Mr. Redmond and his colleagues
. ■admit, like every one else, the Intel
: • le.ctual greatness of Mr. Gladstone, his j
..• marvelous oratorical gifts, and the
magnitude of the services which he j
" '.• rendered to his own country. But they
know that there is another side to the '
picture; that Mr. Gladstone's relations i
.' . with Ireland were not always fruitful
in blessings, and that it was he who
\ directly led to the crisis in the fortunes
, ■ of the Irish National party in Parlia
fi ment in 1890, from which results so
disastrous, from the Irish Nationalist
point of view, have since followed. They
. • did not, however, wish on such an oc
.. casion to mar the general harmony of
giving expression to those views in the
. .House; they did not, on the other hand,
Bee that they could well remain silent
if statements were made in their pres
ence, on those points, with which they
could not agree; and therefore, they
. decided to be absent altogether. They
are, of course, blamed by their oppon
."• ents in Ireland; but their course has
•' "been approved, so far as I can see, by
.• at least their own supporters, and I do
not find it condemned in England.
■" ' The death of Mr. Gladstone has tem
porarily displaced the war from its
position in the public mind; but there
is one topic connected with it which
has continued to excite considerable
attention in Ireland. Last week, as
, will be remembered, Mr. Chamber
- lain, the Colonial Secretary, made a
rather" sensational speech in which he
■ pictured war between England and one
or more of the European powers as a
possibility of the near future, and not
indirectly pleaded for an alliance be
1 tween England and the United States.
There can be no question that, if such
an alliance could be struck up, every
Englishman would rejoice, and so
would those In Ireland who are English
in sentiment. But the great majority
•of th" Irish people would certainly
view such ~-n alliance with no friend
ly feelings, and largely because they
... believe that it would be, as far as
" America, is concerned, a kind of Glaucus
• bargain. On this . point Mr. Michael
. Davitt, M. P., has written this week
a letter to the mes here, in which he
points out that America would abso
lutely have nothing to gain from such
.' an alliance while England would have
everything; and he Insists that there
are enough Irishmen and men of Irish
birth in the United States to prevent
•• such an alliance being formed. Another
incident in this connection remains to
be mentioned. At present arrange
ments are in progress for a dinner in
» London on the 3d of June to promote
" the movement 'or an Anglo-American
■alliance, and among other persona in
* vited to take part in the proceedings
has been Mr. William Redmond. M. P.
for Clare, brother to the Parnellite
leader. Mr. Redmond has flatly re
fused the invitation on the ground that
he does not believe in the proposed
alliance; and he adds that he does not
believe in the sincerity of those Eng
lishmen who nrofess sympathy with
America or in the national character of
the present movement.
The members of the committee which
is organizing the proposed dinner are
certainly not representative. The chief
of them are James Bryce, M. P., the
author of the well-known book on th<'
American constitution, and Sir Charles
Dilke, M. P., and it cannot be said that
either the cne or the other is represen
tative of England or a man in the front
rank of British politicians. Sir George
Baden-Powell, M. P., is the only Tory
on the committee; Horace Plunkett,
M. P., is the only Irishman who has at
tached himself to it; and, of course,
neither equals either Mr. Bryce or Sir
Charles Dilke in political reputation or
in influence.
A few days ago the British, but still
more the Irish, public were amuse! at
finding in the daily papers a telegram
addressed to the Spanish Bmb&ssador
in London in the following t.rms: "God
save Spain and King Alfonso XIII. D.
McAleese, M. P.. J. Hammond, M. P."
Those two gentlemen are members of
the anti-Parnellite party in the House
of Commons; one sits fur a division of
the County Monaghan, the other for
the county of Carlow. Both are quiet,
respectable, silent men: the former, at
least, though silent, is an able man and
could talk if he liked. The last thing
one would expect from either of them
would be the adoption of such a means
.if manifesting their opinions. Without
wishing in th^> least degree to dispar
age their influence, T may truly say
that their joint telegram of congratu
lation on the anniversary of the birth
day of the Spanish monarch has only
provoked a smile even among the mem
bers of the party to which they them
selves belong. Certainly they do not
express general opinion in manifesting
sympathy with Spain in the matter of
this war. What I have already written
.m this subject in previous letters I ad
here to still: No doubt there are sym
pathizers with Spain in Ireland as there
are, I suppose, in every country; but
there can be no doubt at all as to which
way the preponderating sentiment
tends. Ireland, as a nation, and speak
ing broadly, is heartily with America.
RAISIN GROWERS OF
FOUR COUNTIES UNITE
Effect a Combination Designed to
Maintain Fair Prices for
the Output.
FRESNO, June 4.— The raisin growers
held an «nthusiastie meeting to-day and
completed the organization of a comblna
tion to handle the entire crop of Fresno,
Kings. Tulare and Madera counties. Fifty
per cent of the raisin acreage of the four
counties is now pledged to organization,
and it was stated that the association
would control 90 per cent and thus be in j
a position to dictate prices.
The following trustees were elected:
M. Theo. Kearney. T. C. White, president |
of the First National Bank: Louis Em
Bteln, president of the Bank of Central I
California; W. S. Porter and L. H. Chit- ,
tenden of Kings County; A. L. Sayre of
Madera. and Robert Boot of Oleander.
The trustees organized by electing M.
Theo. Kearney, president: W. S. Porter,
vice president; T. C: White, treasurer,
and A. 1... Sayre. secretary.
FORESTS ABLAZE ON
SANTA LUCIA MOUNTAINS
Flames Ravage a Tract Three Miles
Wide and Twelve Miles
in Length. .
SALINAS, June 4.— Fire was started in
some brush near Tulareftos ranch, a few
miles south of here, this morning, and,
owing to the carelessness of watchers,
spread beyond control. It soon attacked
the dense undergrowth on the side of the
Santa Lucia mountains, and by 3 o'clock
this afternoon had extended over a tract
three miles wide and twelve in length,
destroying trees and standing: grain and
doing considerable other damage. A dense*
cloud of smoke hangs over Salinas, and
to-night the sky is lurid. The loss will
be great, and it is impossible to give any
estimate, as the flames are still spread
ing. The scene from the dome of the
court house is one of grandeur, the
flames leaping high into the air and light
ing up the surrounding country.
SIX MEN KILLED IN
THE PAST TEN DAYS
Howard-Baker Feud in Kentucky-
Prolific in Murder and
Rioting.
PTNEVTLLE, Ky.. June* 4.— The How
ard-Baker feud is raging in Clay County.
Litz Baker was killed last night. James
Garrard has fled to Middiesboro. Judge
Brown will not be allowed to hold court
on Monday. It is said Governor Bradley
has be^n solicited for troops to protect
the court, but has, none to send. Six men
have been killed in the last ten days.
San Rafael Graduates.
SAN RAFAEL, June 4.— The graduation
exercises of the local High school were
held in the Opera-house last evening. Pro
fessor Thomas P. Bailey Jr. of Stanford
University delivered the address. The
graduates were Sarah Louise Lunny,
M:ix Carl Schmidt. Agnes Katherine Kin
si-lla. William Anderson Scott Jr.. Mac
■ rine Olin. George Kramer Herzog,
Beatrice May Clifford and Arthur Wen
dell Studl<;y; completing special course.
Annie Louise Strain.
Adulterated Flour Must Be Labeled.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The Senate
to-day adopted the amendment requiring
mixed or adulterated flour to be labeled
like oleomargarine and to pay a tax of 4
cents a barrel.
Artvanrps made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I(ORTfI!BRITISH=AMERICAN^O7
LIMITED.
THE BANNER LINE!
FROM SAN FRANCISCO. TO DAWSON CITY AND FORT SELKIRK DIRECT.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14th,
THE POPULAR OCEAN STEAMER
"CLEVELAND,"
(CAPACITY 1500 TONS; ACCOMMODATION FOR 350 PASSENGERS)
Which has been lately renovated and elaborately fitted for passenger accommoda-
tions, equal to any passenger steamer on the coast, of guaranteed speed of four-
teen knots per hour, connecting at St. Michael with the Floating Palace of the
; Yukon,
S. S. MARY ELLEN GALVIN,
E. S. MORINE, MASTER.
(LENGTH 200 FEET, BEAM 40 FEET, DRAFT 18 INCHES— WILL ACCOMMO-
DATE 435 PASSENGERS.) • v^uixiiynj
This steamer is fitted with 1260-horsepower engines. 10,000-eandle-power search-
light, electric lights throughout, hot and cold water service all through the boat
ladies' and gents baths, steam steering gear, piano, social hall,. comfortable smok-
ing-room, besides mosquito-proof windows and doors. Speed twenty knots per hour
The construction of this steamer has been supervised by experienced Yukon
River navigators.
Special attention has been paid to the selection of only first-class Yukon pilots
so that those procuring passage are assured of earliest possible arrival at Dawsoii
or Fort Selkirk. , ■-..;
Rates as low as any competing first-class line, with liberal allowance of bae-
gage. , . *
Mr. Pat Galvin, president of ; the company, has established warehouses and
trading posts on the Yukon River for the accommodation of passengers via tho
Banner Line. . .
Stewardess will accompany steamer.
Cabin and table unsurpassed, s^ssa .'•"•
Sailing date of other steamers to be named later.
For tickets and freight and full information call on or address, ; /
305 Market Street,
TELEPHONE CLAY 250:2,
Or J. G. McCALL, General Passenger and Freight Agent,
46 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ONE BLOCK FROM FERRY. JOSEPH BELL. Vice-President. '
PAT GALVIN/ President. J. C. BESLEY, Traffic Manager.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
RIOT RAMPANT
IN THE ORIENT
Robber Bands Overrun
China.
FORMOSA REVOLT SPREADS
ALLEGED MASSACRE ON THE
ISLAND.
Japanese Soldiers Said to Have Ruth
lessly Murdered Men,
Women and
Children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAOOMA. June 4.— The steamship
I Victoria, arriving this evening, brings
■ Hongkong advices to May 12. The spirit
| of rebellion and riot seems to pervade
i many parts of the Orient. Five thou
| sand robbers are assembled in one band
I in the mountains of Loyang, Kinehow
! district, near Canton. Three thousand
are natives of that district and the bal
ance comprise groups of marauders
I from other places. They commit crimes
| of every description, plundering, rob
■ bing and killing as their fancy die-
I tates. The local officers are terrorized
i and dare not cope with them.
Recently the house of an influential
mandarin was robbed, and the robbers,
who met no resistance, were able to do
as they liked. The mandarin was very
angry and offered rewards of $20 for
the capture of each robber. Seven rob
bers were caught, but the mandarin
then refused to give the reward. The
dishonesty of the mandarin has made
the robbers bolder and more cruel than
ever, for all poor people have made up
their minds not to interfere with their
plunderings, because they know the
rich cannot be trusted. The Canton
authorities have offered rewards for
the capture of men known to be sup
plying arms and ammunition to the
robbers.
On April 26 a small band of brigands
attacked the yamen of the magistrate
of Kuming. They carried away val
uables worth $10,000, and released the
prisoners confined in the yamen.
Four Chinese mariners were fatally
burned by an explosion aboard a small
Chinese gunboat, which was practical
ly blown up. The gunboat was near
Wuchow, bound from Nanking to Can
ton with pay for the Cantonese troops.
• (lining to a locality infested by pi
rates, the captain ordered his men to
load all the guns in readiness for an
attack, at the same time cautioning
them not to smoke opium near the pow
der magazines. This warning was dis
regarded, and the result was an ex
plosion of the magazines, by which all
the guns were discharged simulta
neously. The captain succeeded in
rescuing three wounded men who
Jumped into the river. Another was
drowned. The hull of the gunboat was
badly damaged.
The rebellion in Formosa has been
confined largely to the central and
northern parts r* the island. Now an
uprising is expected in the southern
end. according to a correspondent for
the Hongkong Press, who writes that
the feelings of the populace there have
been wrought to the boiling point by
the butchery of innocent countrymen
and helpless women and children by
Japanese soldiery in the Hozan district.
A company of Japanese soldiers fol
lowed a band <>f Formosan robbers to
their lair in the hills twelve miles from
Hozan. but the robbers escaped by
means of a secret exit from a big cave
in which they took refuge, after firing
into the soldiers and killing several.
Maddened by defeat, the Japanese are
said to have vented their spite and
thirst for blood upon the peaceful vil
lage of Loonahtieng, several miles dis
tant. It is alleged they set the vil
lage on fire at night, and when the
villagers rushed out they were shot
down by a cordon of troops surround
ing the town. Twenty-four men, two
women and four children are known to
have been killed. Only a half-dozen
houses remain of over two hundred
which formed the village.
Three thousand black flag soldiers
arrived at Wuchow on May 5 in con
sequence of a dispute between a soldier
and a Chinese employe of the Chinese i
imperial maritime customs. These sol- I
di^rs hate customs officers. Turning
themselves into a mob they attacked
the custom-house and were driven back
by the prefect's soldiers. The soldiers
belong to an anti-foreign secret soci
ety. Much alarm prevails at Wuchow
over the reports that all foreigners
there are to be massacred.
Suisun Child Drowned.
STTST'N, June 4.— Henry, the 7-year-oin
, son of Mr. and Mrs. James Crowley. met
death to-day by drowning. In company
with two boys of about the same age the
child had gone to the Pierce wharf. The
little fellow got into a boat and was >pft
i there fishing by his two companions. I~ur
ing their absence of about 10 minutes he
fell overboard. TJie body was soon after-
I ward recovered by a workman.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass, Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO., Importers of High-Class Tut- :
'* niture, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc., 117 j
Butter street. .•■..-
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
IHPN7H QPBlVfi Proprietor. Send for meas-
fTiENtU MlUlWlure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary St., 3. F. ,
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIWV JtCfHIVTU KB Banl{ - Office and Saloon
MnlV tt sWniiM/LCR, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 267.
. AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock VII ! |p * C(\ 11 Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. IVILfLH «* W- San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP nPAPN Manufacturer of Belting and
. r.ilCUCll, Lace. Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
«£ » W. J. Brady's Patent
tf f| DETACHABLE
4 a MUD DRUM
Bl^flßHWßOk' :-i or Steam Boilers,
M **Haite^y Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
to. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. , ;
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD MoTWTYPP Bookbinder and Printer,
Ji D, lubilUlnll. 422 Commercial street.
. ■ CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUH.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, f.upt. H. Blyth. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs M H fIRFR £ fft EQUIPOISE WAI3TS.
nirs.iii.n.uocK a tu. 34a e «yst.,T«i. Beditci
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, .Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Mnin 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. , s s o c n co s n ts da d , st^
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.; only makers
on the ooaFt. tit Front st. ; tel. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYF^ £ fft dipping Butchers, 108
JA3- DUIC3 (I tUi, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
V4TIAV4F Flour Mill*. J. Martenstein & Co.
iiAllUllAL S.\Y. cor. Cattery and Pacific sts.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealers
in Hardware, 603 .Market. Tel. Main 75J.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO F u SSSSSffiS
Retail Manufacturers of all kinds of Harness
and Dealers in Buggies, Carts, etc. If you
want bargains. call or write.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton (x Hediey. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VAINDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
San Franclsifi. Telephone Main 917.
LIME vIL'ICE AND CORDIAL'S •' '
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottles
and cases. L. G. Sresovich C 0. ,91 Sansome et.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF pulp and paper co.,
WILLAmLI IC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stork.
PIANO and/VUJSICSTTORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATK. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery at.
SEWING MACHINES. 4 r -
"nnUCQTIP" P'e-emir>ently the machine for
.UUmLOIIU family UW. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I IJf V*f fl m California street,
• 11, LLWI tt WVt, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic |j A RT H. f T)(±K 306 Call-
Codes. lAftiniUUJii, rornlast,
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fHA^RIK^ Claus Spreckels
407. 40S. 409, 410 vIIA DLI i;;,] ., 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House. 508 Clay st. ' - . , ■
TYPEWRITERS.
111^ ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
Kjr"jgJG?^ Few Partly " St "' for sale cheap.
XIJE3EL^ Send for Bamples and prices.
L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery."
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
. carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing ; done In
first-claps style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear st.; tel. Main 2«5.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and - Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California at. Tel. Main 1911.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON, 733 Market • st.
Wholesale and retail Special ■ 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels. building.
P. 4., ....t«»> English IM.-im... . ..ranj. . •
ENiaVROYACPILLS
P /■-<J^"k Original and Only Genuine. ■■ A
£~ttrru\ •*' r t. «lw»7» rellkblo. ladies «sk A\
£^il^M»l Brand In Kid and Gold mrMltlcVliMr
T"^ -^?>«Whoifi». •'■aled with blue ribbon. Take V^T !
T^ ®^ «"Sno other. Refute d<ing*nutmubrtitu* JV ■,
I / ~ fir tiotu and imitation*. AiDrugei«l«,or«cnd4o.
I*» ■ JW la mmpi Ibr partionlart, lotimoniili snd
\V* '. IS " Relief for Ijirilr*," in Utter, bT rrtara
«X tV Mall. 10.000 TeKlaonlaU. /r«b c I™u\?.
_, ■ m Ohl«»ici'terChoinJoull'o.,'VJf.iil»cKißo»«r«.
I*l4 by all Local UrnjglsH. ; . - . K l irrl. .'. KaT
<<^B&*^*kiaM , ? T, nic . dy a f " r Gonorrhea,
J&SBr •-t'llEeT^BH Oleot, Spermatorrheea,
tatHw in ' ■ - la -^ra "hires, natural ( i! s .
«*."*' Onariatfcd II chnrgen, or any inflamma-
(S*"»iJ not to itricmre. tun, irrltutiou or ulcera-
TlPreTenu eou'»gton. tion of mucous mcin-
!?SirHEEvASSCntMlfuf!n, briuuM. Non-astringent.
V£qAciNCINHATI.O.|HpfI Sold fa y WrUKxinl*.
ISS(^ nS a Ji&i or " nt ;n Plain wrnpper,
I' y OX P »i prepaid, for
"/XsSlhwr^tt^iS 81.00, .or 3 bottles. 12.76.
v ■» Circular Bint on request j
■ ■^^_—^^— .^_^^—^__^_^._ . . • ■ . . . ■ : ' t ,
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing tbere and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
end Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarsed.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet.
Handball Shuftleboard, Livery and Burro* for
the children.
RATKS— HoteI and hotel cottagas. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cut tug es. »3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTT,ETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart In America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coaat excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, da: '•Ing, pyrotechnic*, water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments: efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full Information, rates und illustrated para-
phietß.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
L>d Anseles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPEK.
Lnke County, Cal,
Curative powers of sprlnss ajid mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mail
Raten to BUit all. Write J. MARTEN'S. Pro-
prietor, or ie San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health ond pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleenest accommodation and table,
Paraisa stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F.. $8; trains leave daily
at Thin! and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pampulet address R.
ROBI2HTFON. Mannger.
08/ I PPO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
\R flhlL\ Only 4^> hours from 3 - F - anrl
Ul\nUUv but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent I climate: good trout
streams at door: photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mull; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages:
round trip from S. F. only fC 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:80 p. m. Terms. II a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th«
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering placa Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, elertric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULPING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE KPAt'LOINO. Manager.
jk3KTC> WIN'S.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 17M feet;
swimming tank 10Cx40; temperature of water
7S degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeats
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving. $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally;
four houis frnrn cltv Telephone.
K. ANCWIN. Ancwin. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For pnrtlculars write to KDSON liROS.. Bes-
wlck, Sisklyou County. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious Mincte; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain wulks; pur»
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest anJ
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sap.'«arlum, St. Helena. Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare S. F. to Cal.iveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMKS M. HUTCH-
IXGS. Agent. SO Montgomery street.
HILLSIDE FARM.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk; magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates $7 to $0 per wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. Napa. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds ot skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time: kid-
ney liver, catarrh rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rateß $10 .to ITS
rr week. Long-distance telephone. Address
A. HAYS, Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from liopland, unequuLed soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages ; terms *10 to «i 2 per week.
Telephone. Buy thr^us" tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor, Hopland, Cnl.
JOHANNISBERC.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
' Klevatlon I*oo feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting ami swimming.
Terms, $7 to $:0. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERQ RKSORT. Napa. Cal.
! DEER PARK !NN
: (Lake Tahoe), elevation 65U7 Leect, opens June
: i Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
' rate baths and open tires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates, *13 50 for HOUND TRIP J. 3.
! LIBBT. room 1. Flood building. San Francisco.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
tor driving to all points q£ Interest on or near
the lake. Boats free to gruests. For circular
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO.. Bijou
Postofflce, Cal.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
,s ALONG SAN FRANCISCO and
ofthe NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Rout« of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over i'tX). well
•tocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social lift visit one <-f our many
Mineral Spring Resortu.
If you want to enjoy the ::ome life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. C5O Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office, Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RTAN. General Passenger Ag«nt.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All alone the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood en our Sonoma
and Ouprr.evllle branches, rlnne Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office. Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
RiLROY HOT SPRINGS.
U/ \__^ \
Under new management.
A £S
MECCA Vly
For the annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Tosvhsend streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortonl and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
■Sf -«>, OAKLAND,
risssQtes£fa 13th and Jefferson Sts.
•idt^liTf^SM Only 35 minutes
iTfc i .» £ Vu,; !: iir«-tT,.aM^!| from San Fran-
lggpi* ! g^^ cUco.
;i»>rf)sJX]pm A desirable resort for
• 35r5=852555a? Families, Travelers
and Tourists.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean \ beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen • miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent I trees of . an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak. ho pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public. -
TBT"« I
/H. ■a-,*— #* **o staging to get there,
/B"'5Il>fl no fog, mosquitoes rr
M* > 1 HIM. winds when v,,u are
■*■■"*"•• ** there. Table wnsurpnpsed.
Rates $10. $12. $14 a week.
fy • Round trip tickets $7. W.
Vtl#«|ttA*C L - Mitchell,- Manager:
1,1 1 11 Illy^S. F. v Owen, Agent. Call
iV|/l UIcLO Building.
Unnnn i \]rV And good treat-
, UUllll LLtK ment co hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H.SPURR, Proprietor.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By- rail to Red Bluff. 19»
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, ! telegraph and postoffice
In hotel: rates, $10 and up;, rend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAI*.
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand ledwood scenery. Address J.
LT'TTF.INGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County, cr
apply BJ. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via rib-
uron ferry. \Varm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled ana rettn-
nlshed. Water, gas, electric bells. Hates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALU
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lakeport, Cal.
Situated on the shorn of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and childven; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with be«t market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLLNGAME, Proprietors. Sod* Bay.
Kelseyvllle, Lake County. Cal.
SUMmER HO/VIE F=-/*R7VI.
tanta Crua Mountains, Urst-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 80. Send for clro-'lar *» J. H. HAEBTER3.
Olenwood. Cal.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO de rubles, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never...... Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
feD
. ', >?S HLmMJO BffJßiCgJ T F. r r, Tf.w.N:~i3uSl
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
i SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
.For information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HIGBLAHD SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all Mnds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cai.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Franct»cOL
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery". The hotel an enchanttnsr
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, eleganc
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming ~ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. F., W minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
Onest hall and dining-room In Santa Cruz
Mt.«. ; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Ben
Lomond.
BEN LO/VIOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, ("al.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of ihe redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Crux.
Magnificent . mountain scenery; <-. vation 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling ' alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottage* for families. Stage fare, 50c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to he seen of this and other counties.
. Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood. .
ijrkU; A irhirv SPRINGS.
HOWARD PUTAH P. 0..
ISV/ ."; r^* V jf >r LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed. *. '■ '.; ;
Rates,- $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office, 61»
Market street. ■■'
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT. '- .
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL BPOI IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLAPDKR affections. New hotel:
superior accommodation's; $S to $10 per we?lc;
roads excellent :■ good- trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars •/rite W.
R. McGOVERN." Carlsbad. Lake County.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains. •'
Imprbved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to
M. B. COX, Laurel Postofflce. , .
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attrncti.ms without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
ftshinp. Table supplied with fresh vegetables.
fruits, butter, milk and eees. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. $7
per -.v.-k. .Torn D, WINTER. Cloverdale, ral.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
rtable and livery; boating and hathing .'r»«;
fg to $14 per week; round trip, $9 60. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P 0.. I^ake County. Cal.
VI TOCALOMA. %-
BERTRAND HOTEL.
First - class accommodations; reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley, •
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st.
/V\O!NTE VISTA,
Slrrra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds uf mountain fruit, fre»h '
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springn of.
pure. Foft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN. Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal.
burlingameT
(San Mateo County.)
Redington Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. O. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA~
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June L Address GOUL-
DEN A JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue Lake, Lake Co., Cal.
Leave 8. F. 7 a. m.. arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Flshinpr, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chlcl^n dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. Ter ■ 17 to JlO rer week.
W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. 0.. Lake Co.. CaL
BO>Kr> on ranch 1 mile from station; 2000 feet
elevation; good board and beds: $6 per w*>ek;
round trip from S. F. $S: free drives. Ad-
dress Redwood Orove. Occidental. Sonoma Co.
SIMMER boarders accommodated on fruit
ranch in foothills of Placer County, above
Auburn. Address Walmond Ranch, Apple-
gate, Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLKR, (Utah, or livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Mea-
docino counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Ukiah. for livery
accommodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
1112
• :'• 6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE' of the 6an Francisco
Call; conler-.of "Market and Third streets, open
uritrl I? o'clock every riighrln the year..
•■ BRANCH OFFICES—&27 Montgomery street,
jcdriier Clayr.. open until. 9:30 o'clock.
'.:. Sfci Hayes street; open' until 9:SO o'clock.
-«21 McAllister street, open until »:30 o'clock.
.'.'. .-610 iLarkin street; open until i:3O o'clock.
• l!J41 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
■ -U6l: Market atri-et, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
iht6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
158 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second una Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CUUUCM NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block, '-'^3 Butter st.. between Kearny and
Urant aye. — At n a., i.. Christian Science
bible lessons; subject. "Jesus' Trial and Con-
■ itioa/' Bunday-school for children at
the same hour. "Science and Health" study
Thursday at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner of Post
D sts.— Rerv. tieorge C. Adainn,
D.l>., pastor, will preach morning and even-
mornlng service, li a. m., theme, "The
Endurance Ol Truth"; evening service, 7:45
; , :., . ih - us Fatalism." Sunday-
ai 12:45 p. m. x.
E . 6:80 jp. in. Samuel D. Mayer,
: i choir master.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
Webster Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. Cherington. D.D., will preach
niurning and evening; morning subject,
"Jesus' Love for His Disciples," followed by
the communion of the Lord's Supper. In the
evening for ten minutes questions and an-
a««-rs for tlie Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor, followed by a short ser-
mon. The public cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary sts. -Rev. John Hemphlll, I). D.,
r. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
i'r.fcfsor W. H. Landon, D.D., will preach
morning and evening; topic, morning, "The
. of Salvation"; topic, evening. "Fathers
in the Home." The sacrament of the Lord's
Supper will be observed at the. close of the
up service. Music, morning— Anthem.
"Hear My Prayer" (Southard), bass and alto
polos and quartet; offertory. "O Jesus. Thou
Art Standing" |T. G. Shephard), solo and
Music, evening — Quartet, "O for
the Winga of a Dove" (Knight); offertory,
' Aye Maria from "i'av«*llerla Rastieana,"
Mrs. Priest- Fine, with violin obligat... All
are cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
.md Webster Its. Samuel S. Cryor,
I'l'.. pastor. Sermon at 11 a. m. by the
pastor, topic. "The King's Business," and
at " a:> p. m. by the pastor, t.»plc "What
Constitutes a Christian?" Sunday-school and
■ r'o Bible cla^s for young men at 9:45
• a. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m.
Prayer menting Wednesday evening at 1 :45
o'clock. On the following Sunday, June 12.
listlnculshed Scotch preacher. Rev. Dr.
Ji hn Robertson of Glasgow, will preach at
T IS p. m. All invited and welcomed.
CENTRAL Metodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
st . between Sixth and Seventh, Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will occupy
pulpit: residence. "The Stewart. " 431
Ellis St.— Morning sermon. 11 o'clock: sub-
"Some Observations Made During a
Trip Across the Continent and Back": Sun-
day school. 1 p. m., Rolla V. Watt, sup-
erintendent: class meetings, ? a. m. and 13:80
•p m ; Christian Endeavor Societies. 6:16 p.
m . : evening sermon, 7 : 4."> ; subject. "Anieri-
New Opportunity and Mission, or the
Real Meaning of the War": mid-week prayer
sf-rvlce on Wednesday evening, at 7:45.
HOWARD-8T Methodist Episcopal Church,
the Si Babbath Home. «43 Howard
between Second and Third, two blocks
from Palace Hotel Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
D.D., pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. Morning subject, "The Doxology of
the Redeemed"; evening suhje^t. "The
Young Man for the Hour." Mrs. Joseph II it-
■ ■• • '.-.•> Angeles, one of the Bweetest-
ed paired soloists before the public, will
s!nK at both services. All are always wel-
S-^ats free.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, Post it,
n»ar Steiner W. C. .T»-nkins. pastor. Morn-
Ing subject, "Walking With God." Evening
subject. "What Will YOU Do With Jesus?"
WEST Side Christian Church. Hush St.. near
Devlsadero— Preaching morning and evening
by th-» pastor. Ray. \Y. a Gardner; topic,
11 a. m.. "Nothing hut Christ"; S p. m..
"Benefits to R* Derived From the War."
Sunday-school. 10 a. m. Junior Christian
Endi m. Y. P. S. c. E . 8:45 p. m.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesua Chrisi
ing 11 a. m. by George S.
Lincoln. H P : 7:45 p. m.. by C. A. Parkin,
(a God Unchangeable?"
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood— Lo.lsre No. 7.
(Theosophloal Society in Ame ioa.)
i lnternational Brotherhood League.)
•• ■> of Sciences building, ?4?, Market
St., n*ar Fourth Lecture to-night. "E^hases
of Karma." by Or Allpn Griffiths: U. B. L.,
Tuesday night. "Caste"; I. B. L., Saturday
night, "Patriotism."
THE First Divine Science Church. M E. Cra-
mer. Iress hy Rev S. A. Eckman;
subject. "Confess T^> Tour Sins"; services
held at 11 a m. in YosemltP Hall. Native
S-vr.f' bulMlng. Mason st.. h»t. Post and
G»ary: talc elevator; all are welcome.
THEOSOPHICAL Society Public lectures
even- Sunday at * p. m. in Fraternal Hall.
Odd Fellows' building. To-nleht, "Evolu-
tion VS. Creation." by Miss Marie A. Walsh.
1..->tus Circ!° for children In same building
every Sunday at 2 "o p. m.
sr\i)\v MBBTUTOS.
S. N IKTY Of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall. 305 Larkin St. — Sunday evening,
Juno 5. song service, introducing Mrs. K. s.
Llllle's new pong book, at 7:4." sharp: speaker,
Mrs R. 8. Ltllie: subject suggf-st.'d by Flor-
ence Marryat's book. "There Is No Death."
Adn-.:-- -its.
MRS. DR. C BTKWART, the great medium
from Southern California, will give a le<-tur».
followed by tests at 8 p m : admission, 10
c.-nts: Washington Hall. Oakland.
JOHN SLATER, grand tpst seanc-e to-night at
s sharp; hall 909 Market St.; tests and mes-
sages; questions answered; admission, 10c
GEORGE BAWKINS. B. A., "The Astronnm-
DevU"; Grier Kldder, "Grandma's Re-
ligion". KM Market St.. at 8.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society. W Market at.;
11. free; 2-R p. m., l r >c; Dr. Carpenter, Mrs.
Spaly-Vlgers. others: all tests.
MRS EGGERT AITKEN* will give a circle, to-
night; also Thursday eve. 820 McAllister St.
TEST mectlnc 8 p. m., 10c. 33.". McAllister St.;
R. A. Ptitt. Nlta. Mr-akin. Hargravo. others.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c; (OS McAllister st.; fine music.
C. V. KILLER'S ether»a!lzlng materializing
seance. (> p. m.. BOc. 400 Leaven worth st.
MRS. MAXWELL COLBY, l»H st ; read-
Ings dally; circles Saturday evenings.
MEETING !\OTICJES.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. m
M. — Officers and members are hereby _^%_
notified to attend the funeral of >?J jf
THOMAS R. KNOX from the Masonic /V>
Temple, SUNDAY. June 5. at 2 p. m. Breth-
ren and friends are cordially Invited.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. I. ft >n
0. O. F. — Members will meet in En- * >V^
campment Hall TO-DAY (SUNDAY), S\
at 1:30 p. m., to attend funeral of W.S X
K. WIGGIN.
W. I. CROSSETT. Chief Patriarch.
LOYAL REBEKAH Lodge No. 215. <s^^cOf> '
1. O. O. F.— Officers and members ;?g<f-
' are requested to be present at our
Initiation MONDAY EVENING, ■''"♦'/ li\^
June 8, IS9S. Visiting brothers and sisters
• are invited to attend.
' AUGUSTA B. WARREN. N. G.
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. __■""__;_
O. O. F.— Officers and members :^_r__S__-
are hereby notified to assemble In i^fflT^F
Memorial Hall at 1:30 p. m. SUN- *™"^
DAY to attend the funeral of our late
brother, W. K. wiggin.
' -: JAMES BOYEB, Recording Secretary.
COURT Occidental No. 6676. A. O. F.-^jT^
Officers and members of the above T_~j
court are requested to attend the Jf \
funeral of our late brother, JAMES wLJS
JACKSON, on SUNDAY. June 5. at 1:30 p.m.,
from A. O. F. Hall, 102 O'Farrell st. Inter-
ment Foresters' plat, Mount Olivet • Ceme-
tery. . J. T. VINAL, c. R.
ATTRACTION Extraordinary The _. ~» -IT
Scottish Thistle Club's sixteenth 3k, fMOJ
grand annual gathering and games, trkX.v<£
Shell Mound Park, MONDAY, July *«_HNt
4. 189$. A truly great celebration. . occupying
the entire day and night. The greatest affair
'of the .kind ever held on the Pacific Coast.
. Grand ball and patriotic display of fireworks
In the evening. Admission (day), adults, 60
cents; children. 25 cents. .Admission (night),
adults. 25 cents; children, 10 cents. United
States soldiers and parties In Highland cob-
tume admitted free. ,
W. A. DA'WSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
.notice— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1897;
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Katherine Norton,
!• years: Mary McDonald. 10 years; Kather-
ine Cafferty. 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Francis Williams. 7 years; Rosetta McGuire,
7 years; Margaret Gomez, 8 years; Evelina
Gomez. « years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROCK bottom house painting and decorating.
Painters' Association. R. LEWIS, Manager,
1546 Howard St.
ROOMS papered from 13 'M, and whitened
from $1 up; paint dout. Hjurttnann Fata;
««-. M 3 iftilrd »U
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery St., room 8;
palmistry and card reading.
MISS LESSER. 124 Sixth St.. room 8; massage
and vapor treatments.
MANICURING and aloohol baths. LILLIE
STANLEY, 7 Grant aye.; room 123, first floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwtn; steam baths and massage.
CABINET vapor tub; good as new; at a bar-
gain. Room 17, 116 Grant aye.
AI.VINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
bath.*. 15U. Turk anB 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market; parlors 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MMX. HANSEN. latest galvanio battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. IL'OVi Geary st.. room 11.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye., room 4.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
ELEVENTH. 10S— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German widow
with child of 7, wishes place as housekeeper;
small wages; country preferred. Address M.
H.. box 82. Monterey, Cal.
WELL recommended housekeeper who Is a
good cook and seamstress desires a position.
Address box 442. Call office.
WOMAN with one child wants a nice place
to work with good home; city or country.
Call or address Mrs. W., 310 Sixth st.
GOOD lroner and laundress wishes position.
Box 447. Call office.
AN ELDERLY person wants sewing, mend-
Ing and darning a day each week; will be
found useful; terms low. 3020 Twenty-sixth
St., near Alabama.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or office
cleaning. Box 443, Call office.
LADY with a child two months old wishes a
position as housekeeper In a respectable fam-
ily. 1120V4 Mission st.
I WOULD like work through the day at sewing
or light housework; will sleep at home. Box
4.V7. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper of seven
years' experience desires position In business
or law office; best references. Address box
456. Call office.
<;<><>p lroner and laundress wishes position.
Box 447. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, with 5-year-
old daughter, wants place as housekeeper.
Apply 1215 Folsom st.
MAN and wife wish positions: small hotel;
cooking and housework; first-class. 513 Mont-
gomery st.
SWEDISH girl wishes place In American fam-
ily; good cook ami laundress; wages $20 or
$2S Boa 408, <'all.
WANTED, by B young lady, a position In
office as copyist: is a first-class penman.
Address box 187, this office.
RELIABLE lady wishes family or gentleman's
washing to do nt home; rates reasonable.
Call or address 2t-2S Laguna si., bet. Union
and Filbert.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In private
family; comfortable home in preference to
high wages ("all or address 944 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and assistant
want a few more engagements by the day at
?2 75 per day; perfect fit guaranteed. Call or
address S29 1 ; Sutter st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes to secure
■ permanent situation to care for children:
will assist with studies; can do upstairs work:
will travel or go short distance; references;
wages $2.V i'lease call or address Advertiser,
206 Franklin st.
ENGLISH young la>iy would like to do light
housework or tafce care of children. Box
80, < 'nil office.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants position In
city in small family; will make herself gen-
erally uspful; r«'pren^ps. Box 434. Call office..
WANTED A situation as first-class laundress
in a private family; best of city reference.
601 Natoma St.
SITUATION wantp.l hy a Swedish girl: first-
class serond girl; city references. Call at
523 Folsom st
WOULD lik* a place to do general housework.
Call Monday at 7.6 Howard st.
■WANTED— By a competent and experienced
lady, position as housekeeper in summer re-
sort hotel. Bos 430. call office.
TOUNG lily (North German) wants situation
us visiting" governess. HEUTLING. £20 Treat
avpnue.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper hy Gem-
.an woman; city or country. 856 Mission st.
FLANNELS washed. Be and 10c. 31 Rausch
FtrfPt.
TOUNG lady desires position as companion or
assistant housekeeper for Invalid lady: no ob-
jection to the country: references exchanged.
Box 465. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for upstairs
work and sewing; watting at table. Y. W.
C. A., 1259 O'Farrell at.
POSITION desired by a competent woman
just from the East; Is a good cook and neat
housekeeper ; city or country. Apply at 937
Mission St., het. Fifth and Sixth.
NEAT reliable girl wishes housework In small
family; is a good cook; would do plain wash;
please state number in family ana wages; no
postals. Box 464. Call office.
YOUNG lady of education desires potion as I
stenographer and typewriter; wholesale hnuse
preferred; good penman; moderate wages:
references. Apply box 17, fall branch office,
106 Eleventh st.
WOMAN with a boy E years "Id wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper in _a respectable family.
1024 1 * Mission Bt.. downstair*.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist in
housework or take care of children. 346 Sec-
ond aye , Richmond.
GIRL wishes to do general housework In pri-
vate family. Please call at 610 Capp st., near
Twenty-first.
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy Invalid's none
and housekeeper; companion; day or night
duty: institution or private home; first-class
references. 1327 Alabama, near Twenty-fifth.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook In re-
6ort or boarding-house. Address MRS. P.
MONACO, 319 Minna at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
] do light housework; is good cook; city or
short distance In country; will work for
moderate wages. 10 Stockton place, between
Post and Sutter sts.
MIDDLE-AGED American widow wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper on ranch where only one
table is served; or will cook for men on
ranch; understands buttermakinK; good cook;
references. Apply room 13, Ahlborn Hotel.
; 323 Grant aye.
YOUNG refined German lady wishes situation
as housekeeper, governess or companion;
speaks English Address box 462. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class nurse: can
: take full charge of Infant; city references:
city or country, ("all or address 1&75 Market,
REFINED, middle-aged lady, good references;
city or country; light work and sewing; any
position of trust. Box 492, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 10$ nth st.
POSITION wanted as maid; fine hairdresser;
no objection to take care of child; hotel pre-
ferred. MISS BROWN, 2711 Bryant st.
WOMAN- wants ..work by the day, cleaning,
washing and ironing. 1579 Fifteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
light housework. Address 2428 Geary St.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation doing
general housework; good plain cook; $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy st.,
near Taylor.
YOUNG girl wishes postlon to do upstairs work
and plain sewing or lady's maid; no objec-
tion to travel. Call 132-lA Webster St.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation in Institu-
tion for pantry or dining room work; city or
country. Box 513, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN wants work by the day;
washing and cleaning. 1331 Fulton St.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 1907 Harri-
son Ft.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) h-lp:
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
A WORD to fruit-growers— Farmers' reliable
help, all kinds, furnished by . the j Free Em-
ployment - Office, 419 Stockton st. .
ENGINEER • wants position; marine and sta-
tionary experience; give $25 bonus, or per
cent. Discreet, box 448, Call office.
SITUATION by 2 bakers, second and third
hands, on bread and cakes; city or country.
Address 31 Minna st., San Francisco.
EVENING employment desired as bookkeeper
or cashier or work of similar' nature; best
references. L. L..8.. box 445, Call.
SITUATIONS wanted by 2 practical markers
and distributors; gilt-edged . references; 14
years' experience. Box 459. Call office.
ENGINEER; can give best references; sober,
L reliable, experienced; engineer, , fireman or
watchman; this city preferred. A. J. SMITH,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continned^
YOUNG man, 23, wants position as butcher; 4
years' experience; wages no object. Address
E. C. box 436, Call office^
MILLINERY— An English gentleman used to
first-class trade wishes position as designer
and trimmer; best references. Box 13, call.
JAPANESE neat young man wants situation
to do housework only or gardener In good
Place. Address P. MASUDA. 1017 Baker St.
GERMAN man of 36 wants situation In private
place for house and garden; handy with tools;
city or country; references; wages $15. R. X...
box 440, Call office.
WANTED— Situation in summer resort or
country hotel by a first-class cook and baker.
Address box 409, Call office.
JAPANESE, young bright school boy, wants
position. S. M.. 22 Prospect place.^
BOY, S years of age, would like position as
office boy; salary expected, $3 50 per week;
references given; writes a good hand. Box
411, Call office.
GARDENER— First-class gardener, with good
recommendations, wishes steady employment.
Address Gardener, box 453, Call office.
COOK— Situation wanted by a good, steady.
saving e.xik. Address Cook, box 435, ''all.
RELIABLE man wants position as traveling
salesman for good firm. Box 468, Call office.
JOB compositor desires position on commer-
cial work; crackajack; reliable. Bos MB, Call.
STEADY man wants work about private place
as gardener; handy with tools; best of refer-
ences; city or country. Box 469. Call office.
YOUNG man will work for board, room and
small salary: no objeotlon rooming with an-
other; anything. Address box 472, Call office.
YOUNG man, 21 years old. industrious, re-
liable, no bad habits, wants employment;
willing to work hard at anything to make an
honest living; would like to vrnrk for board;
handy with tools and In working about house.
Address box D. H.. Call office, Oakland.
WORK wanted of any kind; a good painter and
paper hanger; knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap for a steady Job. Apply H.
8., postofflce, Fruitvale, Cal.
WANTED— By a first-class machinist and en-
gineer, also good blacksmith; good refer-
ences; married; age 32; long job desired. Call
or address 7SI Mission St.. room 32.
ENGINEER would like a position in rlty or
country; is a machinist and blacksmith: had
12 years city experience; can give good refer-
ences. 2953 Harrison st.
WANTED— Position by young man from the
East as clerk, bookeeper or cashier; five
years' general office experience; references.
Box 4425. Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman, also good
all-around houseworker. wishes a situation In
private family In city or country. J. MJURA,
'21 Jessie st.
MAX and wife, no children, wish situations
on farm, private or mining place; references.
10S2 Howard St.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced and
trustworthy man In furniture or grocery busi-
ness. Box 495. Call office.
JAPANESE, good cook and waiter, wants posi-
tion; good references. R. FRANK. Japanese
Mission, Pine st.
JAPANESE wants place to do general house-
work or gardener. Address C, box 6, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED— By certificated hoisting engine-
driver; gold field preferred. Box 500, Call.
TOUNG German, 24. wishes work of any kind;
handy as waiter or anything concerning
housework: 14 months' city references. Ad-
dress box sii4, ('nil office.
[RELIABLE man wants situation as watchman:
: references. Address box ELS, Call office.
POSITION as nurse or traveling companion to
invalid gpntleman hy young man. aged SO;
experienced travplpr; excellent references.
Address box 625, Call office.
GENERAL blacksmith, married, no childrpn.
wants work: steady place the object. Box
619, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook in hotel. European
plan; also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
perience. Address box 4526, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4563, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third at., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HEM' WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESSES, different country hotels. $20;
girl for chamberwork and waiting, city;
housework girls, country. MURRAY &
REAI'Y. 634-W6 Clay st.
HEADQUARTERS; free places for honpst
working girls: the best homes In the city: the
highest wages obtained for cooks and gen-
eral houseglrls; remember the service 1b ab-
solutely free at the Working Girls' Ex-
change". IQSS Market st., above Sixth.
LADIES, attention— The Select Indies' Bu-
reau of Information, managed hy San Fran-
cisco ladles, contidpntially conducted; cash-
iers', teachers', clerks', salesladies' head-
quarters. 313 Bush st.
8 HOUSEWORK girl. city. $1S; 1 housework
girl, Oakland. $20; 1 housework girl, country,
$25. Pacific Employment Office, 777 Market.
(URL for light housework: wages $12; refer-
ence. Call Monday at 13i4 Larkln st.
Y'H'NG girl to take care of two children; must
sleep home. IDI7 Webster st.
LADY canvassers: the great Scientific Ameri-
can U. S. navy supplement. 246 Second st.
WANTED--Woman for housework; wages $12;
must Hlepp home. Mission st.
GERMAN girl for genpral housework; wages
$15. Apply 1162 Guerrero st.
WANTED — A woman for chamberwork few
hours daily. 109 Taylor st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
Apply 1392 Geary St.. Monday.
NEAT n:r! to wait at table In dining room.
613H Jones st.
GOOD girl for general housework; $12 to $15.
36 East St., bet. Mission and Market.
WANTED— In Guatemala, plain, kind dispo-
sition, young lady as companion to lady; lit-
tle useful all round; family treatment; good
salary. Box 431, Call office.
WANTED— A first-class waist hand. Call at
925 Jackson st.
LADY'S companion; salesladies; office matron;
forelady; matron, European hotel. 1023 Market.
WANTED— Apprentices for tailoring; paid
while learning. 92SV* Folsom St.
GIRL to assist In light housework; about 16
years <>ld Monday, 11 to 1. 4118 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN to care for children; home to right
party. Dawson City Hotel, 280 East St.. near
Folsom.
WANTET>— A good housekeeper. 41T< Thirtieth
st. Call to-day (Sunday).
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; one
who sleeps at home preferred ; wages $8. 2410
Folsom st.
BOOKKEEPER, first-class double entry and
correspondent; position of trust. 313 Bush St.
CHARGE of fashionable rooming-house, giving
6 o'clock dinner. 313 Bush st.
LADY, charge of department, to visit branch
offices; confidential. 313 Bush st.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats; good
pay; stf-ady work. 230 Fifth street.
EXPERIENCED waitress, wanted. 26 Fourth
street.
IN EXCHANGE for light service will teach
young lady bookkeeping; experience not nec-
essary. Box 47fi. Cull office.
WANTED— 2 good operators on pants; also
finishers. 560 Fourth St., near Brannan.
WOMAN to work two hours dally in exchange
fnr room. 865 Vi Market st . Mario HoUM.
LEARN dresamn ng and millinery; positions
free: pattf-rr.s 2> up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
Ft.: perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
OFFICE open to-day, Sunday, from ?a. m~to
2 p. in. C. U. HANPEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 KITCHEN hands for a country institution
$21 each; a dish and pot washers, restau-
rants. $25; 2 restaurant porter boys, $15- pan-
tryman, summer resort. $20; 3 waiters, min-
ing towns. $26; hotel, near city. $25- porter
country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary «t.
- ALASKA ■
A new railroad— .
500 rockmen r $3 _ day;
f>o bridge carpenters $3 59 a (j a y' ;
summer's work. For particulars call at C r'
HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency, 104
Geary st.
ATTENTION
300 men for new railroads In California;
year's Job — —
Headers, hammersmen. muckers, $2 to $2 50
a day: teamsters, laborers. $20 and found and
$1 75 a day and free fare. We ship dally
north and south; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 10* Geary st.
(ThAYMAKERS. $20 and found: 30 woodsmen
for harking and bucking. $35 and board ; 2
men to run a Dolbeer gang, $60 ea<'h and
found: 10 teamsters for grading work $1 75
a day, fare J1 ; 15 gravel miners, $2 50 a day;
ironer. $10 a week; hand laundryman, springs
$25 and fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
2 WAITERS for a camp' see boes here this
morning at 9 a. m. C. 11. HANSEN A CO..
i 104 Gear}- at.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP
-Please remember —
-MURRAY & READY
supply most of the corporations
syndicates, banks and trusts —
and other large concerns. Including smaller
enterprises located on the Pacific Coast. We
sent (17,000) seventeen thousand men to work
during the year 1597. What
MURRAY & READY have done •
and are doing for others —
they can do for you, send you
first-class help at once.
— — "free ol charge." ——
884 »nd 636 Clay st. ; telephone Mait^oB4S :
A— s26 and found 15 laborers
wanted to cut bruph, clear land, and make
yourself otherwise useful; $26 per month and
found; fare 3oc. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— sa 60 day miners
to the great gravel mines wanted; 25 miners,
$2 50 day; steady job. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 63€ Clay st., Leading Employment
Agents.
A— 24 haymakers $26. 25 and $20
per month and found; 25 farm hands, differ-
ent places and counties In California, $26. $2.>,
$20 and $15 per month and found; 6 choreboys
and men for ranches $10, $12 and $15 and
found. MURRAY &' READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— MILKERS milk?rs milkers
5 milkers; $30, $25 and $2»; different places In
California. MURRAY & READY. 634 and BM
Clay st.
A— THE 3 great railroad
corporations; we are sending mm to cut 2.-
000,000 railroad ties- Be, 9c, 10c and lie each;
do you want to go? MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st, Leading Employment
Age.nts.
A— GREAT crowds are dal 'y
going from our office to the woods to cut
pin«, oak, red and manzanlta wood; 226 men
now wanted; $1 50 $1 26. $1 and 70c cord.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A FREE"- — FARE ■ "FREE"
To-day we want tn ship one passenger car
load of 55 as teamsters, laborers, etc., "free":
"free" "fare." MURRAY & READY. Lead-
ing Employment Agents. 634-63S Clay st.
A— BAKERS BAKERS BAKERS
Baker, city shop, German, $11 week; baker,
shop near city. $45 and found; baker, near
city, hotel. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st.
_TO WORK IN THIS CITY
25 laborers, with pick and shovel. $1 75 day.
$1 60 day and $26 per month and found
3 stablemen, $35. $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
9 cooks for different places. $6. r >, $70, $50, $40,
$30, $25; 7 waiters. $25 and $20
S waiter boys. $15; 5 dlshwash«rs, $25, $20
and US. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
REFUNDED money— Even' member not suited
with a satisfactory- position on presentation
of contract to-day* received refund; next re-
fund July L Clerks" Exchange. SIS Bush st.
TO open 10 countri' stores; an incorporated
company, representing $150,000; managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush St.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale Ilijuor house, at
once; 2 cellarmen: bottler. 313 Bush st.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul- j
try by Incubator; also butler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
MAN to drive a laundry wa<on and colUct:
well acquainted. 313 Bush st.
WANTEI>— A good co-'k for restaurant. 218
Powell st.
GOOD bartender wanted; call before 11 a. m.
to-day 33 Third st.
"WIDE OPEN"— The Clerks" Headquarters,
1023 Market St., Just above Sixth; situations
secured for reliable applicants in the count-
ing-room, the salesroom. the shipping and
packing departments, hotels and restaurants;
over 1000 Indorsements on tile; one nominal
fee for year's service; managed exclusively
by San Francisco citizens on business prin-
ciples and for business purposes; new man-
agement; investigate to-day's orders.
"MONEY REFUNDED" - The clerks' Ex-
change, 313 Bush ?t.. refunded money to
every memb<>r In strict accordance with con-
tract June 1 who called; this exchange gives
a member the right to try a poettlon for a
month or so, then another, without extra ex-
pense, and the highest fee charged does not
exceed 10c per week: think of it; compare it
with other mediums; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
responsible, well and favorably known citi-
zens employed to canvass business houses;
you choose your own position; 800 bona-flde
ordera from leading business houses since
January 1; investigate our system; read cre-
dentials; the largest and best-appointed of-
fices on the coast; membership exclusively.
CANVASSERS— Th# great Scientific American
t T . S. Navy Supplement, Monday. 246 Second.
5 FIRST-CLASP salesmen to call on retail mer-
chants; positions worth $50 week and ex-
penses. Eastern Mfg. Co., Manhattan build-
ing, Chicago.
WANTED— First-class button-hole maker and
finishers on custom vests. 509 Kearny St.,
room 2.
YOUNG man wanted who understands lock-
smithing and general Jobbing. Address
Locksmith, 221 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— SaIoon porter at 36 East St.; wages
*25.
BOY to learn dentistry. Room 7, Flood build-
Ing. SOy Market st.
PARTY experienced in selling fine art works;
unusually liberal terms; new work. Box
470, Call office.
2 COOKS, 2 waiters. 2934 Fulton st., before
8:30 this morning.
WAITER wanted. lIS Ellis st.
BEVEL.ERS wanted. California Art Glass
Works. 103-105 Mission st.
WANTED-Second-hand cake baker. 836 Va-
lencia st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth St.
3 MEN to solicit and collect; part salary and
commission. 1232 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— A good preaser on pants. 560
Fourth st., near Brannan.
WANTED— Druggist or liquor merchant; in-
ducements as tenant for new stores. Apply
A. M. SPECK CO., 602 Market st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County. 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515, 328 Montgomery. 8. F.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 628.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are . citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cat.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 3. r »c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
BARBERS 1 Aas'n Free Employm't Offlce. 3.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13G.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night ; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night; $1 week: reading room.
WANTED-At Montana House, 764 V* Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, DOc and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
ELEVENTH. lfir,_ Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$250— LADY partner wanted by gentleman pos-
sessing complete restaurant outfit; money to
open place on business • thoroughfare. ; Ad-
dress box 15, , Call office. ". ' - -* ■
PARTNER with $750. who understands livery
business and Is willing to work: references
exchanged. Address 2509 I St., : Sacramento.
. HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— New sunny flat, 7 or 8 rooms; all
modern improvements;' Western Addition; no
; children; references; state rent. Address box
410. Call office. .
WANTED— Exchange for summer - months,
home In the-, mountains In return for small
residence In city or vicinity, or rent cheaply;
good water, some fruit, near depot and town.
Address box 494. Call office.: 
IIiOMS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED or pBJtl7~fu^ishedT^^
must be sunny; reasonable; state price. Ad-
dress box 444. Call office. .. ,
WANTED— ' room la ■' permanent ' office-
, central^ |^ Box 449/ Call : offlce.
•■■'.'. ' " ■■•■■-' ■ • .;,. ■ ■:■ --.': ' ' "'■■.-■■'
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS: Send for my large 8-page illustrated
catalogue and circulars of all kinds of war
and patriotic souvenirs and goods. Over 200
different kinds of pins, badges, pictures. Old
Glorys, etc. I have everything of this kind
for news stands, variety stores, street men,
etc. Boys and girls can make big money
with my goods. I sell to everybody at the
same prices as to Boston trade. You make
from 100 to 300 per cent profit. What I don't
manufacture I buy at bedrock cash prices
and ship everything promptly from my shop
and factories. Get my catalogues and price
llßts and make from $2 to $10 a day while
the market is hot. I make 60 different flag
pins, also gun pins, "Free Cuba" bullets,
Uncle Sam. brooch metal and enamel pins,
ladles" patriotic hat pins and shirt waist sets,
medallion pins, "Remember the Maine" med-
allions, souvenir spoons of Maine and Sigs-
bee, Dewey and Olympia, Lee and Morro
Castle. Cabinet photos of Lee, Dewey, Samp-
son, Miles, Rchley. etc. Catalogue free by-
return mall. All I ask you to do is to
SEND ME YOUR NAME ON A POSTAL
CARD. L. N. CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St., Bos-
ton, Mass.
AGENTS— Men or women, $12 50 a day selling
our great war puzzle. Who will free Cuba?
After serious trouble shoot down Spanish
Flag and plant Old Glory. Interesting and
fascinating to young or old. Easy to sell.
Every one buys. Sample free to those who
mean business. THE HENSEL NOVELTY
CO.. 210 Chicago Opera House, Chicago. 111.
WANTED — Men and women in every town to
work for us at their homes
NO CANVASSING.
We will send you work Immediately. We
hav<» s«veral lines of work to give out, some
of which requires no experience whatever. If
you can't devote the whole day to our work
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two of an evening. Enclose stamp,
we will send you full instructions free of
charge. Standard Art Manufacturing Com-
pany, 51 Standard building, 142 West Twenty-
third et.. New York.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country in War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
ntnce Maine disaster: magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; 20
days' credit; price low; freight paid; outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union. 324 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted for the latest and best colored
lithograph "Remember the Maine"; a quick-
seller and money-maker. Apply 30S Kearny st.
VAPOR baths: hest in the world; $18 dozen,
with medicine and prescriptions; write quick.
STAR MANUFACTURING CO., Chicago.
THE wonderful nonpareil Edison dancing dolls;
sample by mall 25c. A. MULLIN, 242 Minna.
ADVERTISING agent for magazine; lady or
gentleman. Box 433, Call office.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Bpain"; splendidly Illustrated; only au-
thentic book to be published; free outfit now
ready; act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany, L>akesid« building, Chicago.
AGENTS— AII will buy the Sliver Maine Can-
non for the lapel: unsurpassed for street sell-
Ing; greatest war novelty. 411 D Van Ness.
AGENTS to sell Dewey bust: sell at sight;
large profits. 424 Pine St., room 5.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— A pleasant home for $20 per month.
Address, with particulars, box 4d7, Call office.
FURNITURE WASTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st.: highest price paid. Tel I'avis 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Ptewart banjorine and caae: must
.be cheap, 1811 Pacific aye.
SECOND-HAND Shannon letter file, 18 to 24
drawers. P. O. box 2603.
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis at.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
Clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AP we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $fl rer month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
ii r > per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts , San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
;«. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. _________
WE are offering some great piano bargains in
second-hand pianos; fine ones $iSS: others in
proportion. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20
O"Farrell St.; Chickering agents. _______
• LARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano: no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
A PTEINWAY piano for $100: a Checkering for
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F W SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
BOHMER * CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Rrlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310, 312 Post st.
AN Emenon piano, good for practice, $"> n ; an-
other, $75; also elegant piano. $175. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12, Flood building.
NEW pianos rented, {2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
BEST goods: lowest prices: easy payments;
pianos to rer.. at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
B ARC, a INS— $lOO, $125. $lnft; agency famous
Hainea Bm«. w. C. Hamilton, 324 Post st.
GREAT bargains: Decker, Schubert. Stein way,
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright, very .-heap. Ifi McAllister
St.. next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: now ?.-ale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
$145 FOR an almost new $300 piano. Call at
1661 Misison Bt.
HORSES.
$60 BUYS ft 1100-pound gentle horse and covered
wagon and harness; all In order for camping;
cheap outfit. f>2l X' St.. Sunset District.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.; auction saies svery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, bugfflea, wagons, l.arness of all
kinds- 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia St. T. P. NEWELL.
AY A BOHt AKD CAM* lAGES.
FOR Sale— slo: light wagon or butcher cart.
171 Collins, Point Lobos aye.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagom : cheap. Bull's
Head Repository. Fifteenth ..nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap
for cash or Installments : 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison Bt.
FOR sii,k-M!S(i:!.hm:iii>.
FOR sale— Columbia road racer, good order.
$30 or offer; also Italian mandolin, $1S 50;
cost $40: after 6 p. m. 1612 Pacific aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
$100— CENTER- BOARD yacht for sale; nearly
new: masts, sails, oars; everything complete
as she stands. Address box 475. Call office.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ay».
ST. BERNARD and fnx terrier pups; champion
pedigree. 120 Douglass St.. bet. 17th and IRth.
THOROUGHRREI) Scotch collie pups for sale;
pedigree given. Box 471. Call offlce.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens for Bale at
the Angora Cattery. ".",7 Ellis st.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-518-518 Mission st.
$<57 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down, $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J R POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. I'd hand machinery. Mr-
INTOSH & wni.i'MAN. Framoni .<■ Howard.
safes— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mitf<- . .Vt;t Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new un.l «er,,n<l h.tiul. all
sizes; half original cost, IO» ill Market, S F
GRAPHOPHONES, |10; ReearOa, $* per do». ;
Projectoscope, |100. Baelfajupl, !'SS '.'4t', Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, liund Ini.k. letter press,
desk and safe ch.-np IN Claj hi
BARS, showcases, counter*, nhnlvln*. ttc .
bought and sold. 10(13 MUiion n-tir Seventh.
SEWINCJ MA4 HIMCS.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, aold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 20S Fourth IL
PERSONALS.
INDUSTRIOUS lady wishes the acquaintance
of honest, temperate working man, 45 or 50
with means to build a house on good real
estate; object matrimony. Write particulars:
references exchanged. Box 429, Call office.
BACHELOR wants lady partner with $100; good
business. J., box 2, Call office, Oakland.
PROFESSIONAL gentleman, personable, of
good character, standing and habits, earning
a comfortable income, would like to meet or
correspond with lady of good character and
independent means, with view to matrimony;
refs. exchanged. Address In French. German
or English, J.. box 4. Cait office. Oakland.
J. F. DUNN— Let friends know where you
are.
MATRIMONY
MARRY— Money refunded if not suited within
6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL," 111 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matrl-
monlal aasn. west of Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS i BRSONALS.
THERE is a great difference In hair; I dress
your hair correctly; price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quality $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; hairdresslng. 25c; bleaching and dye-
ing; artistic hair work and everything per-
taining to a first-class hair business. 21U
Stockton st., near Post.
AN AMERICAN lady would like to take charge
of house during owner's absence, or take
charge of rooming house; best of references.
Mrs. 8., box 427, Call office.
KUERTER— Hair specialist; N. G. Depot. Oak-
land; gray, falling, scalp troubles. Particu-
lars for stamp.
PARTY about making a change wishes to
give away family cats; only to those who can
give g-ood home outside city. Box 467, Call.
$50 CASH prize for best story sent before
August 15. Literary Bureau, "Bonaventure,"
Denver, Colo.
MAN with $500 to hack well-known soubrette.
single. Eastern favorite, star. Box 454 Call.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops hair from fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order:
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a *20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway, Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove ruffs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRP. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and nerb cure. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Kth.
DRESSMAKERS.
FIRST-CLAPS dressmaking: suits $5 up: good
fit guaranteed. 405 Turk st.
?:!ME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
f :-p: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rm. 15. j
PAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring ;
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance !
clairvoyant and medium; -while entranced she j
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she !
will show you how to overcome your enemies, i
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tioßs; unites the separate, recovers lost, i
stolen or burled property; locates treasures.
minerals; tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms I
25 and 26. 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1346 Market St.; '
trance medium. Without asking a question ;
she tells the name of her callers: she tells ;
past, present and future correctly: tells your
nge and orcupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy !
marriages with the nne of your choice; sh* i
locates burled treasures, removes evil Influ-
ences and all long-stnndlng ailments. Letters ,
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
MME. LE NORMANDB, reliable clairvoyant, j
card reader, magnetic treatment. 4"1 Leavnwth.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and !
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 2.
FREE test to all this week. LEANDER. test
and developing medium. sns Eddy st. j
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 10. ;
MMH. MOREAU. best medium and card .
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILXJE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRP. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pre-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: tel.Jessle.9sB.
MRS. BUTLER reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
YOUR future told by cards: readings daily.
25c. 424 Tehama St., near Fifth.
MRS SHAFFEIT. test and business medium;
Blttlngs daily. 212V4 Sixth Ft.
MRS ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1: ctr. Tues., Fri., 2p. m. : Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton *Bt.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium lIS Haight st.
PALMISTRY.
FHEE lecture by Mrs. Chandler. Sunday. 3
p. m.: hall 305 Larkin st.: readings daily: 353
Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 4O2Vi Geary; hypnotism taugiit;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured. •
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 555 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlni? way. Berkeley ;wrlte for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mpch. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
COMPETENT teacher piano wishes pupils;
terms reasonable. Call or address IiKKi 1^
Jackson st.
SHORTHAND taught in one month; terms $10;
students should investigate. 712 Van Ness.
LOST.
LOST- -Ocean View. Great Dane dog; dark
gray, undipped; ears cut; named "Collis."
Liberal reward, S. J. ALEXANDER. Ocean
View.
FOX terrier dog; head even marked; 2 black
sp^ts on body; part of tail blai-k; no collar;
name' Jack. Liberal reward at 216 Perry Ft.
LOST— Brown alllpator purse containing money
and bills on way from Emporium up Powell
to Geary: reward. 918 Larkin st., bakery.
LOST— GoId watch, chain and locket In Golden
Gate Park, Friday afternoon. 1440 Mission
st.; liberal reward.
MAY 31, a diamond scarf pin on Market, Tay-
lor or Eddy st. Leave at 219 Eddy St.; re-
ward $5
LOST— A female pug. answers to the name of
Flossie. Return to 1106 Hyde St.
A BLACK overcoat on Kearny or Sutter sts.;
reward. HARRIS. Marine Hospital.
LOST- On June 2, a purse containing money,
bet. lf>th and 16th sts. on Bryant. Please re-
turn to 2341 Bryant st. and receive reward.
LOPT— A passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of DANIEL CONNOLLY. No. 2111318.
The finder will please return to Bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— A purse. Owner may recover same
by proving ownership and paying charges at
201 Sansome st.
storagel
FURNITURE, tranks. etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RuISoLPH Storage and Moving Co.:
offlce. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
PHYSICIANS.
DR C C O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
1209 V»rket; diseases of women a aoeclaltr.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— KREDO & CO. 22»* Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000 — Drug stole; gooii chance for practi-
cal man. • . ;. .
$750— Mill! nery; clears $250 monthly during
season. •. . .'■"■ •' ■
$600— Roadhbuse; 20 rooms; dance hall; ' : '
$350 — Roadhouse; San Bruno road; furniture^
$750— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms. •.':' •'
$175 — Grocery and bax; give-away. •■ -. :
$SOo— Delicacy; fine corner; with HvingTrsoTna,
$450— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand. ..
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— s2ooo; WOOD, coal, hay, grain and . livery
stable; clears $200; full value of. stock.
KREDO & CO. .. .;
$750— ONE-HALF interest In a well established
real estate and insurance business; flilly;
equipped with good team, surrey, buggy; '.of-
fice fixtures consisting of safe, desks, etc..;
good partner preferred to hired help; busi-
ness established- 12 years. Box 55, Los' Ga^
tos, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant; established
for 8 years with same owners; best location;
Junction of two leading streets; trial given
before purchasing; price made to suit buyer;
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. J., box 9. Call office.
NEWSPAPER wanted: a practical printer, ex-
perienced in all lines of country work, wants
to lease a weekly paper for one year, with
privilege of purchase. Address box 446, Call.
1200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; .-short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
FOREIGN capital for large tracts timber,
grazing lands, cattle ranches, copper mtnesi
only large propositions entertained. Address
Capital, box 428, Call office.
CORNER grocery for sale; 20 years under pres-
ent owner, who leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison sts.. opposite Recreation
Park.
GRAND opportunity for one with $300; must ba
willing to go tii Chicago: plain writing re-
quired. R. BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis St., city.
MEN'S furnishing business fr>r sale: located oa
one of the best business streets; $2500. Ad-
dress Furnishing, box 432, Call office.
$600— BRANCH bakery, notions, stationery;
fine school trade; t-atisfactory reasons for
selling. Box 455, Call office.
GROCERY and bar, 4 rooms; furniture if
wanted; stable: at a bargain. Apply at 453
Clementina st.
SMALL first-class restaurant; 4 sleeping rooms;
great bargain; party going away. Call 656
Geary st.
FOR Bale— Blacksmith shop; tools; good busi-
ness; sickness. 406 Eleventh st.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 455. Call office.
WANTED to buy, 20 to 3.",-room house; central J
at bargain; no agent. Box 491, Call office.
$200— CANDY store, ioe cream parlor; 3 living
rooms; a bargain. 142^ Polk st.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET. Kirkwood. Cal.
$400— SALOON and 10 furnished rooms; all
rented; saloon doing fine business; best loca-
tion In city; rent $20 month. BASILE. 873>,i
or 1039 Market st.
AT a bargain — A strictly first-class meat mar-
ket; one of the best in the city; good locality I
established 1870; must be sold at once. Ad-
drf ss box 496, Call office.
$500— FINE milk delivery route in Santa Roea;
5 horses. 2 wagons, harness and all the ap-
pliances; military call reason for sale; refer-
ences 2201 Steiner st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery and restaurant, with 11
furnished rooms; large grounds; looated ia
best business town 1 hour from city; will sell
reasonable. L. H., box 460, Call office.
GOOD cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2 routes;
3 horses; milk depot; cheap; owner leaving
town. U. S., box 7, Call office. Oakland. "
REAL estate and insurance business in grow-
ing neighborhood; chance for enterprising
man. 301 Noe st.
FOR Sale— Saloon, stock and fixtures; owner
leaving for Klondike. Call at 434 Pine St..
near Kearny.
I' ARTY with $300 for gravel claim; work yea*
round. Box 497, Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon and restaurant; cheap rent;
lease. 32.i:.' Mission St., near Twenty-ninth.
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
st.. northwest corner Tehama.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamalea;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
SHOE shop. $60, includnig machine, tools. 52?
Laguna st.
SNAP— 4O-can milk business: good milk from
country- secured: cash trade clearing: $150 per
month; $300 down, balance 6 months' time;
horse, wagon, cans, etc. Box 511. Call office.
$mo—D AIRY depot, with small butter route;
good-paying business; low rent; reason of
selling, going East. Address box 510, Call.
; PARTNER wanted with $2000 in a wholesale
and retail liquor business. Address box 508,
Call office.
COMPLETELY fitted butcher shop for sale;
reasonable; also business. Call at 318 Mission.
i FOR sale cheap — Corner grocery and bar; nicely
located. Inquire 1400 Folsom St.. cor. Tenth.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale. Address
Call agency, Stockton.
NATION store and bakery for sale: less than
half; must sell. 1619 Grove St., Oakland.
ONLY restaurant In St. Helena. Napa Co.;
good paying; bargain, on account of owner
leaving State. Address P. NINEKIRK. St.
Helena. Cal.
F<>R sale— 2 old-estab.ished groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale. 3.13 Rush st.
BRANCH bakery and grocery; will sell cheap
on account if sickness. "37 Sixth st.
WANTED— Young lady partner with $200; good
business. X.. box 10. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED A partner with $200 capital for
newly invented machine; very useful article.
Apply J. JOHNSON, 741 Minna st.. from It
a. m to 3 p. m.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorln, Cal.
SALOON for sale; cheap; no night work. 608
Clay st.
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on th»
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call at general office. 6*l
Market st.
DRY washer for dry mining. $25; will run 20
tons a day. 521 X St.. Sunset District.
KLONDIKE— to Dawson City for sale;
great bargain. TO KALON. 1372 Mark** st. .
LODGING l -.USES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO " .^gH Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS .
List with us; no charge for advertising; 800 ■
houses; all sizes: all prices.
Following are a few special bargains. m,
fsr^msf reduced from $1000 to $600,
38 rooms; worth $2500: ««•£&•
20 rooms; sunny corner: bargain at $2000.a600-
20 rooms: rent only $60 ■■■ 750
\fanv large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
Many large uu^.* -vTycT\r\ a rf\ ooi^
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. 22*
Geary st. . ' ■
$2000-LODGING house wanted In exchange for
Oakland unincumbered house and lot. KRE-
DO & CO., 22^ Geary st.
1 OFFER FOR SALE
4 20-room houses; from $300 to $1600
3 50-room houses; from $1400 to 3000
3 "IOS-room houses: from $2500 to 6000
66-room hotel; cost $10,000 3800
50-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
20-room house ...$800! 22-room house ..$5OO
10- room house .. 1501 24 rooms, corner.. 750
65 rooms, cor . .30001 14 rms. on Sutter 700
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
} ■. - — — .
; LIST your houses with me. I I can sell for cash.
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET ST. .
15 rooms; doctor pays $75; payments $500
16 rooms; $200 cash; balance $10 monthly.. 450
16 rooms; doctor pays $60; $600 cash 1350
18 rooms; corner; part cash 650
35 rooms; rent $100; part cash; only 9 >
40 rooms; rent $65; pick-up HO
43 rooms; first floor pays rent: central 4000
MARKE' 4— Branch office of Th«- Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
FURNITURE FOR SAL—.
2 BEDROOM sets good as new, 3-4, $5: doubts
with marble top. $7. 424 Tehama. near Fifth.
ATTORNEYS AT L_W.
,■.,..-. :-,.,-.-'.,- '■ - --■ -;.;_._■ , .
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — _ _ ~.^™_« _«_^_^__ ■
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free:' no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
Stack. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. w. ruiviDSON. 827 Market at..' >;• CITY REAL ESTATE.
'.. . :G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
I" ■*:'■" Reel Estate Agents,
.'.-. ii Montgomery Street.
'■■'■' HEAP CORNER INVESTMENT.
• : " . *} a ' n fK - (> ~ Rents $1500 per annum; 4 subPtan-
. t:l! --?!■!> an.l basement houses of 8 rooms
... and bath each; corner on Pine st.; 87x82:6;
•, ■i ; both streets accepted; houses always rented.
•j; CREAM RESIDENCE DISTRICT OF THE
• •-. ' MISSION
■ ' - , ♦H.7 1 *— Polores st.. the Van Ness avenue of
■ :; - the Mission; a flne 2-story basement and at-
•• • tic residence of 12 rooms and bath; laundry.
.. : : «c.;«iurnace. library, hardwood floors, sta-
: ' --\ : driveway; very sunny; beautiful grounds;
• ; .• /0:bx132 to an alley.
■:"-,;
■.-.= ._, „ BUSINESS CORNER.
' :': ' • re-its. jn nCr un Ninth st - ; store and flats;
:
'."•'■ ' AN ' I^'y^STMENT ON GOLDEN GATE AYE.
.• .; , fi«fO— Two Hats and cottage; lot 27:6x137:6;
• front part of lot- vacant.
'" : ~ • .-„„ CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
' ■'• " •>,^'•' <VV T A EOfnl lot for store and five flats;
' . .• 34:6x110; corner on Devisadero st.
••' •-■ . BTEIN STRBET FLATS.
• • : $5500— Two eleaant nearly new Hats and a
' . . very high basement, which could be con-
■•..:. verted. Jnto a third flat at a very little ex-
. vensc; present rents $47 s<l; 27:6x100:3; a good
,1. ..;[:'-, location; price has been greatly reduced.
":
: : ...vT 0 CLOSK AN ESTATE.
; . . loivv — Two flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
t. ; each ;i large; lot. 57:Cx201:6, with an L. 55:6 x
' ■ 101:8; half a block from Geary st. electric
road; lot alone worth more than price asked.
• " ' B t->INESS CORNER ON PACIFIC STREET.
' •.'•-/ J 4 , 31 * 1 — Double cottage of 6 and 5 rooms and
- . . rath each; rents i'Jfi; stores could be put uti-
derneath; good cellar; 45x60; both streets ac-
cepted.
■ WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$4000— Rents $42 per month; 4 flats; 25x90;
. ' . street accepted by ii ■ city.
RESIDENCE ON EASY WESTERN
ADDITION.
. $3350— Ptne st. ; nice 2-story bay-window
residence of S rooms find bath, etc., and lot:
will be sold on exceptionally easy terms.
eguaJ to rent.
•■" NICE PARK DRIVE LOTS.
$3100 each — Devisadero st. ; 20x110 each.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
• $2500— Corner on Nineteenth st.; 2Cx97:6.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
I.iAV- Rents $2G4 per annum; - flats of 4
• rooms each; Green st.; near Beveral lines of
cars; lut 25xSS:6; always rented.
ASHBITRT HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
-*i 5 p«-r foot— Choice lots, any frontage, 100
feet deep; At-hbury st.
•BUILDERS. ATTENTION!
Lots, any frontage, by a depth of 115 feet,
. on vne of the main streets; only halt" a block
from Mission st. electric cars; all ready to
build on; street work done; price $.S5 per loot.
l all and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for iSale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
INSTEAD OF GOING TO
A REAL, ESTATE OFFICE
• To look over a list of houses for rent
stop a moment, and think to what ex- !
travagances that will lead you. You i
who are economical in ether directions, j
just consider for a moment how extrava- i
bant it in to persist in throwing money j
away month after month, year after year, j
Just to satisfy yourself ask any old j
renter what he has to show for years of j
such a fcoli.sh prartlce— for dollars upon I
dollars spent— and he'll show you
every tinif; ami thus, having satis.T:d your- j
sell that there is nothing in favor of rent* !
fng, of giving up hard-earned money for j
no equivalent, you ought to be ready to
do as the folks in the Heyman Tract have
done— own a home of your own, paying
for it with monthly payments, the same
amount as your rent money. About 100 j
people have already been supplied with '
homes on this plan — why not be No. 101? j
This near-by tract, with its cozy homes, !
can be reached by taking Mlssion-st. cars, ]
transferring to Twenty-second st. to '
Huffman aye.; ask for Mr. James Cotter, i
resilient agent, who will show you around
JACOB I .".V.MAX, 11 Montgomery st., I
will give all particulars.
ONE I l whole or in lots;
! for .-nick-
ry; at a bargain; $!0 monthly.
EYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
District, Golden Gate
lyments. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery Bt
rtland aye. ;
irs 2 !■!<-■ ks distant; $10
• ents. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
J 111 buy a neat new 4
■■ $;.ff down;
JA< 'OB HEYMAN, 11
■ Ft.
lilding lots front-
ing Ie cars. JACOB HEY-
MAN , U 3 - ry Bt.
and X St., Gol"
cap. JAci ib HEYMAN, il
■ ry st.
20 PER CENT INSURANCE Cl
-20 PER CENT INSURANCE CUT.
ES, AS
IX THE DAYS OF
Market st.: 5-ptory brick and iron
- 5 per cent net.
■I ; 100 fppt
■ ; • ng; all rente
1 Bald-
win I in remain.
within 200 ••
Mfirk- ■ C 137:6; block from Baldwin;
rents ab ut J- 10
$3'"i,ii well; old improve-
. lot 6Sx7O.
$H 000— Grand corner investment; 82:6x110 feet
on Mason St.; good Improvements; must be
sold.
?45,OOO— Corner, 137x137:6; brick and iron build-
Ing: on Pansome St.; rent? $3.W.
$75.000— Grand corner; 137:6x137:6 feet; within
block of new ferry depot.
$150,000— Kearny ft.; grand Investment; al-
ways rented, $10,000 net; very fine Improve-
ments; will take good property as part pay-
ment.
■ k> — Grand residence of 16 rooms; 1 I
in; fine ma-
. iUiki.
at A. M. SPECK * CO.'S,
60.' Mai
JOHN I'FOKii, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Hank, will sell at sweeping re-
duotlun:
$6500 — Formerly $5500; an A No. 1 residence
In the Western Addition.
$10i/i— Formerly $6500; fine residence, with
. good business future.
$C5OQ — Formerly JSOOO; a first-class double
flat of 6 and 7 rooms each at the Mission.
$42'" for a splendid hodse and lot 23x110;
Golden Gate Park, near Baker st.
$17,000— Mission st.. near Sixteenth: a splen-
did property; lot 62:6x105, all covered with
improvements.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
J)2.r ' Taylor st., near Market; large lot;
well Improved; stores and flats.
IMPROVING NEIGHBORHOOD.
$32,! Eddy Et., near Market; centrally lo-
cated; store and flats.
HAS A GREAT FUTURE.
$25,000— A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
well improved; paying 8 per cent.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK,
$16,000— Rent $1CO; a 2-corner house of 42
rooms and 6 baths.
. . $3100 — R?nt $27; 24-story double flat on
Tenth St., of 6 and 8 rooms each; lot 23x100.
$5750— Rent $60; 4 flats on . Geary st. ; Tot
25x125.
$5SOO— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.
$2400— -Rent $25; a double flat; a rooms be-
low and 6 rooms upstairs.
$30,000— Rent $260; stores and flats; never va- ■
cant. - ■ -
$14 500 will buy a McAillster-st. property;
2 stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks from City Hail.
A SNAP.
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 28xl«r, with a 2-story house and stable,
three blocks from new City Hall.
SUnSTANTIAL modern dwelling : fine grounds; ;
choice view; good neighborhood; 908 Guerrero
m . near Twenty-first; ' 9 rooms, bath, base-
• m*nt. furnace; 24x117:6, to rear street.
• $2400-rC<>Uage, 6 rooms, bath. In good order;
''Florida Ht., near Twenty-second: 25x100.
$3200— House. 8 rooms and bath; Eighteenth '
Ft., near Mission; MxX; $1500 can stand on
mortgage.
• $4500 — A neat home; Capp »t., near Nine-
teenth: 8 rooms, bath, stable, tank, yard, well;
35x122:6: part cash.
|3000- Flat and store, with oven for bakery;
Seventeenth st., near Noe; street accepted;
25x91:8. ' •
$750— Lots on Twelfth aye., near I St.; street
•graded and pewered; 20x12^.
$650 — A bargain; Twenty-eighth St., near
Church; . 5x114. ;•'--
' $1100— Harrison St.. near Twenty-first; 25x122:6.
W. H. CRIM &l CO.,
118 Montgomery st.
«24V- A LARGE lot at half price; 44x103; 1
block from >lifßion-nt. cars. Address R.,
• box 114. Call office. ,
$3COO— MODERN 2'Btory bay-window house, 7
rooms and bath: north side of O'Farrell, to
rear- street, west of Fillmore st. Address
Ji., box 114. Call office. .
$^500— HAIGHT-st, lot at a sacrifice; 25x100; 1
block from Market; mortgage of $1500 can
remain. Address It., box 114,. Call office.
$1500— A SNAP; 3 flats off Washington, near
Powell Kt.; rents $24; part cash. Address
U. : " tox Jl4, Call office. •
$3500— ROADSIDE house, B • rooms : and bar;
. large stock; paying business; fine corner lot,
• SSxIOO- on Mission road; raro opportunity.
Add reps R., box 114, Call office.
I KENTUCKY ST. :: — i
- HERE IS A BARGAIN.
Lot 25x100: west line of Kentucky st., about
SCO feet north of Army; only $800: worth
double the money. M. C. 13ROPHY, 107
Tenth Bt.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close estate; an elegant inside
property on Pine st., between Larkin and
Polk; 25x137:6; 2 buildings; only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister St., near FiUmore; 2 large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch Bt., near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$8000— Washington St., near Webster; 9
rooms and bath; lot 28x128.
Must be sold— 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
17000— 1800 per year; Paclnc-st. corner.
near Powell; 60x65:9.
$4000— Fifth St.. near Harrison; 25x100 to rear
street; 2 houses.
$4500- Bush St.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderick: elegant corner
■ store and flats; paying good Income; lot
2i s»2.
Twenty-fifth, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25xS0.
$2500— Shipley St., near Fourth; large house;
lot 21 .;:..
$3000 Cottage and lot; 21st St., near Castro;
5 rooms and bath; 2."x114.
$14(v>— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
i $4000— Webster st., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 2,'.x54:6.
13500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near i
23d; 82:6x117:6.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Comer on Haight and Octavia sts., one
block off Market; J7:6xlOO; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
BU. ; 37:6x107:7.
Nfar corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
17:6x78:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut;
$61X10.
$snoo— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
$3.'.oo— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$£750 Clay *1.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
fl7."io— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$l;,no— Turk St.. cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000 7th aye.. near .1 st. ; 25x129.
$lOK>o— York st., near 22d* lot 1 25x100.
California, near Second aye; 25x100; only
$SCO.
JSCO — Valparaiso, nr. Filbert ft Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
i YON :!1i.1.\ & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers.
Repairs and enlargements of our regular
salesrooms are now finished and we have re-
turned from temporary offices on Market St. to
OUT regular quarters, 13 California St.
IMPROVED. V .."
j $12,000 — Leavenworth and Greenwich;
• 137:Hx137:6; with house.
I $40, WO —Market and Page; 55x120 to Rose aye.
$10,500 Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$15.000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den ive.
I*ooo— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
' 2 flats, 13 rooms; rent $57.
! $G250 — Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
! Jf.tOO— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100; stores and
I flats.
JSJOO— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
I $siioo— Page. nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
j rooms and bath.
1 Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
j $4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
! $4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6: 2 fiats.
! $4000 Mason, nr. Green; 30x6S»; 3-story bouse;
i 11 rooms and bath.
$2300— 3d aye., nr. Clement St.: 25x120; cottage.
$2000— 26 th. nr. Harrison; 24:6x90.
11400— Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; Improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
i $1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
' stable.
UNIMPROVED.
! $2500— Stelner, nr. Oak; 2.',x100.
I $1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes: 17:6x57:6; cheap.
I $1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
I Scott, nr. Washington; 25x116.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
2CxSG: 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
I 25x100; Valencia, bet." 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x50.
ONE block from Baldwin Hotel; fine down-
! town corner lot; 68x97:6; old Improvements:
best buy in the city; $50,000.
, OFarrell st. corner In first-class rooming
I district; 50x137:6; price $30,000.
I Pays fourteen (14) per cent; four flats on good
street; south of Market In Al condition; price
$4750.
Modern residence of 10 rooms on Sacramento
I st.; fine sightly lot; 50x137:6; a beautiful home;
j offered at a bargain; only $11,000.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
$2730^-Fillmore, near Hayes; 25x106:3."
$3000— Scott and McAllister: cheap lots.
$20M— North Jine of Clay, near Spruce; 25x127.
— Dolores, near Liberty; 25x93:6.
$975 — 14th, near Castro; 26x115; cheap.
$1500— 55x114: 25th, near Castro.
FINE PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
27:6x110; marine view; only $2600.
We Build on Very Easy Terms.
McAFEE.BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
, 4 NEW, elegant 2-story houses; grand marine
view; 6 and 8 rooms, basements; $3600 and
I $3gO0; lota 27:6x110; cash or installments; on
Leavenworth st., near Lombard.
1 $1000 — CITY poultry farm; monthly payments;
new 4-room cottage, with 6 lots; guarantee
; purchaser $500 In 6 month*; something new.
: DOLAN, 1223 Cortland aye.
_____
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, First Floor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S5O; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
1 $400, $450 TO $7r.0; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call fur Maps and Diagrams.
S<>l, OETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker building.
C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road,
i JDOiJO— flood corner for store; must be sold;
! lot .'2:4x60 feet.
' $6700— 6Cx127:fi feet on Jackson St., overlook-
! Ing the I'residio and bay.
| 60-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
teet
$"■'■ 149x200; BLOCK 183, Abbey Homestead As-
:■ elation, Pan Mateo County. CHARLES C.
FISHER, «4 Market st.
4:, FEET in Inches on Mission st. by 127V4 on
Spear. iTuiuire, at H* i lay st.
COZY Western Addition home; cottage, 8
rooms, l,ath; ISO 9 Broderlck; open 3 to 6 p. m.
CHEA.PEBT and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ft;ites or Canada one year for $1 GO, postage
free
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$1800— RANCH, 160 acres, 15 miles v-
tkiah; house of C rooms, barn and 12 acres
In h"HrinK orchard and vineyard; 40 acres In
cultivation, grain and pasture; 80 acres valu-
able redwood and tan oak timber land; cheap
for cash or exchange for house and lot In
Oakland or Berkeley. Address R., box 114,
Call office.
J A 70-ACRJ-: ranr-h; Napa County; for clty.s6ooo
2 lots on Mission st 4000
20 ucr'-s. In Bonoma Co. ; for house and lot 2500
B. F. property for Alameda city property 5000
100 houses. 60 lots, 60 ranches and 160 'busi-
ness places. Cail . or write DECKER, 1020
Market st.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land. Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; jrood road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
eapy terms. Address J. JENSEN, lf»3 Third.
T< i evhantre for Mission Improved property—
A beautiful 9-room residence near Univer-
sity, Berkeley; nlc<- stable, windmill, tank-
luiUFe, cement walks, lovely laid out grounds;
must be seen to be appreciated. Box F>24, Call.
FOR Exchange— city unimproved and Income
property, also Pan Rafael and Ross Valley
property, for good farm; Bay counties pre-
ferred. JAR. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael.
JlL'i HOUSE, city, for homestead or Improved
place near town. Box 482. Call office.
T< i exchange— Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H r:nSON. 12^& Broadway. Oakland.
PnOPBRTY WASTED.
WANTED— Orchard from 20 to 40 acres, prin-
cipally prunes; must be in good condition.
Address, giving full particulars as to loca-
tion, rent or with privilege of purchase for
cash, box 441, Call of: c.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
ueed for sale cheap; send for camples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & liA-NNAN, 533 Montgomery st.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELIT~"
. REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
— Rent $57; Clementina St., near Second;
two 2-story buildings, one frame and the other
brick; lot 50x75.
$12,500— Bush St., near Broderick;. lot 100x137:6;
4 cottages of 5 rooms and bath each; rent $80.
CORNER FLATS— WOULD EXCHANGE.
$5500— Modern flats on Taylor St.; rent $50;
always ted; mortgage $3000; will take a de-
sirable lot toward the Park for equity. . .
BUBH-ST. COTTAGE.
$3350 8u5h st., near Devisadero; contains •
rooms and bath; extra large lot, 30x137:6.
PAYS OVER 14 PER CENT.
$6500— Natoma st., near Sixth; splendid 3-
story building; best building oh the street ; coal
yard ; flats above.
000— Sacramento st., sunny side; lot 50x128;
near Scott st.; improvements, handsome 2-
story residence, modern and complete, contain-
ing a rooms, bath, etc. •■• .-«..->■*
$4000— Rent $44; near Fourth st.; 5 flats; front
and rear building; a good interest-paying prop-
erty; an offer wanted. : . .
$5000— Rent $57; Clementina St., near Second;
2 buildings, one frame and the other brick; lot
50x75 feet.
$16.500— Fillmore st.; near Bush; lot 50x90 feet,
with improvements consisting' oS stores and
flats renting for $132 50 per month.
$1500— cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Diamond st.; large lot fronting on 2 streets;
terms $200 cash, balance in small monthly pay-
ments.
.$3OO CASH.
BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$2450— Worth $3000; almost new cottage, 5
rooms and all latest conveniences; porcelain
bath; up-to-date plumbing, etc.; close to Castro
and Nineteenth sts.
HANDSOME NEW FLATS.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$6500— Reduced from $7000; rents $67 50;. Hayes
St.. within walking distance of town: contain
6 and 7 rooms; all latest conveniences; lot 23
x 137:6,
$IS,ooo— New modern residence; best residence
section (north of California St.); containing 12
rooms. and all the latest Improvements; 2 large
lots.
$2700— Clara st., bet. Third and Fourth; 2-
story building; flats of 4 and 6 rooms; rent $25;
lot 25x85; Improvements in good condition: only
$600 cash required, balance can be paid out of
the rents.
$7500— Business property; pays a high rate of
interest; larre corner lot: sjfle'ndid new im-
provements: good business location in best part
of the Mission; a snap.
BALDWIN & lIOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COUXTIIY . REAL, ESTATE.
10-ACRE tracts of fine vineyard land; only $5
per acre; near Auburn, Placer County; $5
down, $5 monthly; a big snap. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
A — HIGHLY Improved vineyard property near
Cal Is toga; 100 acre* for $11,700; would con-
sider exchange for one-half, balance cash.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
A — FINELY improved ranch, COO acres, near
Concord 25 acres bearing orchard, 10 acres
vines, 200 acres grain; only $16,000; will ex-
change for one-half value, city property.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
A— ACRES near Cottonwood, Tehama Coun-
ty; 18 acres in vineyard, B acres in orchard,
balance hay and pasture land; well Im-
proved; price, $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.'
MOUNTAIN retreat— An improved fruit and
stock ranch near Grass Valley, in mining dis-
trict; ISO acres; only $6000. McajtEE BROS.
A VINEYARD and Suburban Home.
With a good Income: 50 acres, nearly all In
full-bearing vines; ' L . mile from Warm
Springs, Alameda County; improvements first-
class; price only $11,000. McAFEE BROS.
A— PAYS 18000 net per year; a splendid Invest-
ment; finely Improved ranch property In Ala-
meda County; price, $150,000; would consider
exchange for city business property. McAFEE
BROTHERS, 10S Montgomery St., S. F.
HOMESTEAD, Santa Clara County; fruit or
nice chicken location: price $150; worth $500,
nice trout stream; large oak timber; near
railroad station. Call at 531 California St.,
room 1.
TO parties having money to Invest seeking
sure and large returns should view the 100
acres superior vegetable land near this city
in Alameda County, among the best In the
county; should be viewed now Just as the I
crop in growing; see the location and the
products; this Is better than most Invest-
ments offered and right at home, . adjoining
railroad station, fronting on a prominent
creek; no overflow nor drouth; don't -delay
investigation.- ALBERT'S. CRANE, 410
Montgomery st.
A SPECIAL bargain Is offered in 22 acres 1
miles from Ben Lomond (the summer resort
of Santa Cruz Mountains); 18 acres choice
loam Boll; 4 acres timber, 8 acres orchard.
1-5 acre berries: house of 5 rooms; good barn;
spring and running water; chickens, farming
tools, etc.; only $1800. BOODY & SLAVEN,
room 29. second floor. Mills Building.
$2500— GREAT bargain; 160 acres; fine valley
farm; on main road south of Santa Rosa;
common house and barn; orchard and vlne-
yard. Address R., box 114, Call office.
— FARM of 20 acres on county road to
Halfmoon Bay, 14 miles south of city; house,
barn and orchard; garden land; great bar-
galn. Address R., box 114. Call office.
TO rent or lease— Fine stock ranch of 1900 acres
10 miles from Cloverdale; living stream runs
through property; terms reasonable; dwelling
house and barns. Address MRS. P. SMITH
Cloverdale.
FOR sale— Little home near Sonoma. Sonoma
Co.; 24 acres; 6-room house. Address A. H.
CHESSMORE, Sonoma, Cal.
$1600—170 ACRES In Contra Costa County; 4
acres orchard and vineyard; SO acres used for
grain, balance pasture; fine water; good
house, barn, etc.
$5000—200 acres near Xapa; 100 acres nearly
level and in grain, balance pasture; well
wooded; 100 fruit trees; 2-story house, large
barn, etc. These two places are snaps.
GAMAN & LYOX, 215 Kearny Bt.
MODERN cottage 1 In Berkeley for exchange
for country property: near Auburn preferred.
, Address box 7555, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. p., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays J
NOONAX, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth'-
tel. South 14.
$6 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M E
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLOAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain- liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
. elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates; no commission ; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
LOANS on real estate, 6 per cent Interest: sec-
ond mortgages, 10 per cent. JAMES B
BROOKS. 214 Pine St.. rooms 68 and £9.
$20,000 TO loan on business property at 6 per
cent. Box 60S, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10 -
000 on furniture. G. W.OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker * Co.. 323 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California st. ' (
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates;. Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. . Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
. gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
■ rates; no com ; private. 116 McAllister st.
_ FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE. BROS.- IPS Montgomery fit.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from ! the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
LEGAL NOTICES. "
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to tha
statute In such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
■ way Company • and the California > Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations In-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
Bent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
■aid corporations, made and entered Into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
.to the statute in such case made ; and pro-
vided, did. on the 14th day of April, A. D
1898, amalgamate «r>d consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property. • assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of th»
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. ■
• J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
' Company. "• "■■';' ' v
Ban Francisco, Cal., May 6. IS9S. • ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL estate.
JAMES S. naismith,
v m NINTH ST.
Now Is the Time to Buy
Look at This List of Bargains.
60x160; only $5 per month.
$37} — rOxlQO; on north side street.
Three rooms: large lot: 50x110.
$1000— acres; Hlgh.st., Frultvale.
ts&o Four-room cottage; lot 50x100.
£2200—50x100; new 7-room house.
If you go to Oakland don't buy until you
Bee me. JAMES'S. NAISMITH,
' 464 Ninth Bt.
FOR Sale— Lot on Broadway; 200x160; $30 per
front foot: must be sold.
$2600— Cottage; modern; 5 rooms; beautifully
located; lot 3fx150; terms liberal.
Two-story, modern, well-built, sunny
house; 7 rooms; lot 40x135; terms easy
$1000— Choice lot. 50x150; Moss aye., near Chet-
wood st.; location the best.
114,000— ranch; 4000 acres; well watered,
fenced and fenced; good buildings; mead-
ows yield 1500 tons hay; choice property; $10,000
can remain at 8 per cent.
Also an income-bearing fruit ranch near
Santa Rosa for exchange for residence in Oak-
land or Alameda or Berkeley.
J. W. COX A CO., 606 Ninth st.
SO ACRES; $400; Calaveras County; house
barn, fit) fruit trees, vegetables and berries.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ELEGANT hotel and real estate; city; near
San Francisco: trade for Oakland property;
all clear. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oak-
land. - ■■-.'■ .'.";
17 ACRES: Contra Costa County; house and
barn; $1500; 12 miles from Oakland. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
10 ACRES near Santa Rosa; elegant fruit: nice
house and barn; all stock and tools; 100
chickens. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$5 MONTHLY will buy a neat 3-room cottage;
water pipes laid; lot 50x125; in the Alvln
Tract, near Elmhurst; only 45 minutes from
Ban -Francisco; price 8460: local trains stop
hourly at the property. JACOB lIEYMAN,
11 Montgomery St. ''■.■".-.i ! .\ .::-•
LOTS $75; $5 cash. $5 monthly; build your
home or we will build for you; payment as
rent: $20 cash. $5 monthly; about % acre; ro-
mantic spot for a cozy home; trees, shrub-
bery, etc.; soil and climate the best; Gallndo
Tract. East Oakland; streets- all graded and
macadamized; city water and sewer: 2 elec-
tric car lines and fine schoolhouse; nice
homes surrounding and building up rapidly:
price $500; a liberal discount for cash. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st . corner
Broadway, Oakland, 11. Z. JONES Owner. I
A BARGAIN— J2OQOJ
. Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Campbell st..
convenient to station: lot 37:Cx115; rent $15 ]
month: owner needs money.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
30-PAGED Illustrated catalogue free at E. E.
BUNCE'B, iW Broadway, Oakland. Oaf:
OAK! FURNISHER HOUSES.
FOR the summer, fully furnished house on j
Oakland Heights: fine location: rent low.
JAP. S. NAISMITH. 464 Ninth St.
FURNISHED house; 12 rooms; Vernon Heights;
stable: piano; fine view; no wind; rent rea-
sonable. Address S.. box 12. Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND MOUSES TO LET.
6 ROOM? AND BATH. ~~~™~—
ON LARGE CORNER LOT.
CLOSE TO STEAM
AND ELECTRIC CARS.
VERY CHEAP, AT $21 MONTHLY.
W. A. CALDWELL, 108 Montgomery, S. F.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, Vernon Heights.
Oakland, for 2 or 3 months; flue view. Ad-
dress J. M.; 340 Bteusxt st.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated: under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European |
plan; the table is a special feature; meals 150
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler !
& Co., Props., 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3; i
suites, $2 50 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental j
Hotel. 864 Washington, '•, block from station. ;
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and Ninth
Bts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table: low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. 662 Eighth st
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE nr.l household Roods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, . cement walks, etc., complete.
$1300— Modern cottage and lot In good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200 — To close an estate; fine modern cottage,
5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3500— Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses j
to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St..
Alameda.
GREAT reduction in prices of homes or vacant
lots; 4, 5 and 6-room model cottages. Apply
433 Central aye., Alameda, or J. E. DAMON,
602 Market St., basement Crocker building.
2 BEAUTIFUL 6-room cottages, near Fifth-st.
station; large lots and flowers: rents $10 and
$14. Apply 439 Central aye., Alameda, or 602
Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED. '
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great tacriflce to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them cut, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda. .ml 62S Market St.,
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
SNAP— house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapin st. . . .-..■'•
AIiAMEDA HOUSES.
EXCEEDINGLY comfortable, cozy house In
best part of Alameda; extensive 'lawn and
roses; vicinity of bay and 2 local trains; re-
ception hall, 3 reception rooms. 5 bedrooms,
kitchen, bath, stable; all well furnished;
terms moderate; owner going East. Alpha,
. Call office, Alameda. .;'>.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
3 FURNISHED rooms and bnth. complete for
housekeeping. 3219 Briggs aye.. Hlgh-st. stn.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold: house of 7 large rooms; corner
lot 60x125: street work done; close to .U. C.
grand view; cost $3500; for sale, $2400; a bar-
gain. O. ft. MAY &■ CO.. 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley.
$22i)0— S-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137: constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station..
$2:>CO-260 FEET frontage, with house of 7
rooms; only E blocks from university grounds;
a thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY lIOI'SES.
COMPLETELY and handsomely furnished, 5
rooms and bath flat: from 2 to 4 months; ar-
tesian well; large grounds; cheap rent. C.
H., Berkeley. ■ .
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
BANCROFT, 2247, Berkeley— Sunny, well-fur-
; nlshed rooms with board; fine view; live min-
utes to Berkeley station. .
BERKELEY ROOMS.
FOUR rooms, nicely furnished and bath, suit-
able for family: large grounds; good board;
reasonable. 1544 Addison St.. East Berkeley.
IKI'ITVALK REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
$200— Very cheap; lot 50x123; all fenced; only 1
block from electric cars; cost owner $425.
$750— Newly renovated house of 4 rooms and
basement; lot 35x115; city water, and. sewerage
complete; $50 cash, bal. at $10 per. month.
$1000 will buy a house of 7 rooms; fine well,
windmill and tank; flowers and shrubbery; lot
50x115: all fenced; easy terms If desired.
$1300— House of 5 rooms and bath; chicken
houses: fruit trees; lot 100x1(6; all fenced; 3
blocks from Frultvale station.
$1050 -- Just completed; open for Inspection;
story and a half cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
fine mantel; reception - hall : rooms beautifully
tinted and frescoed; lot 50x125; all < fenced;
street work all completed. -■••...
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station, East
Oakland. " ' - * : —
MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE business man wants $300; good
country security. .Box 406, Call office.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
ecrlptions and want ads taken.
HOI'SES TO LET.
$26— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen
Park aye., oft Twelfth st.
ALL OVER TOWN- —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
DORE, 374— House of 6 rooms; Cl 4; 2 flats;
would answer for 2 families.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
HAIOHT, 483 — Two-story house, 7 rooms; bath;
cellar and yard; $27 50.
Nli't; house. 6 rooms, bath, on California St.,
between Buchanan and Webster.
FOLK, 1710, near Clay— Modern bay-window
house, 7 rooms and bath; $25.
SUNNY 7-room house: modern improvements;
larse garden: stable if desired; rent reason-
able. 1313 M OTarren st.
SI'NNY rear house 5 rooms. 625 Vi York St.,
near Nineteenth; rent $7.
TO let— House of 30 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission st.
TI T RK, 524V4— Sunny modern house, 6 rooms,
bath; gas; $IS, with water; rear.
TURK. 733— 7-room modert. house and bath.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment: rent $S; rear cottage.
CORNER cottage of 5 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard anil Hyde sts.
COTTAGE house, 2 large sunny rooms, yard,
basement. Apply 622 Minna. St., near Seventh.
modern cottage; 401 Laurel St.. corner Sacra-
mento; sun all day. MADISON & BURKE.
NATOMA, iSS cottage of 4 sunny rooms and
bath, yard, stable; rent reasonable.
BUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard, cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
TURK, 1707, near Scott— Cottage of 4 rooms and
yard: $10.
$10— COTTAGE of 4 large rooms; yard, garden
and stable. O'BRIEN. 3219 Harrison st.
$10— BAY-WiNix >w cottage! 4 rooms; water
free. 109 Collins st., near Geary.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2563 Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
$2675 — COTTAGE; 5 rooms and attic; easy
terms; Liberty St., near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, Builder.
239 HAVES ST. — Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FtRMSUED HOI'SES TO LET.
NEW, modern, sunny corner house, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms and bath. Apply 3925 Cali-
fornia st., corner Second aye.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely rurni:hed sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm.
— — _ — _ — _ —
PLATS TO LET.
A- \VK want at once 200 tenants; we will mak»
special Inducements; 10 to SO days free rent;
flats from $7 to MS; all our flats are reduced:
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A B-ROOM upper Hat; rent $12: sun all day.
1016 Minna St., between Eleventh and Twelfth
and Lafayette.
A FINE view— New sunny upper flat of G
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes St.
ALL~OVe'r TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 1612, near Twenty-fifth— Flat. 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror-top mantels: $11 50.
EIGHTEENTH. 4:'.S. r >, 4587. 4591. near Hattie— 4
and 5 rooms and bath. $U>. $12 and $13.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. 3425 Twentieth St., bet. Capp
and Howard; also fiat of 4 rooms and bath,
3442 Twentieth st.
FLATS and cottage to let. Bryant and Juniper
sts. Apply to owner, MRS. L. LOUGHRAN,
&19 Bryant st.
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath. Twenty-flirt and
Valencia sts. ; good location for doctor or
dentist.
FLAT to let; yard In front and back. 12
Lewis St., bet. Taylor. Jones, Butter and Po*t.
FoI.S'i.M. Sl6, near Fourth -Flat of 4 rooms,
with water, $10 month; sunny side.
FOLSOM. S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats, 6
rooms, bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
FRANKLIN, 716— Upper flat; corner; 6 rooms
and bath; first-class order; reasonable.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
room*: bath; near City Hall.
GROVE, 781— Upper flat; fine, light sunny
rooms: bath: adults.
HANDSOME modem flat. 7 rooms, bath and
basement; 1605 McAllister st.. near Devisa-
dero: cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HAVES, 1751, and 1706 Waller— Sunny flats; 3
to 5 rooms and hath: $7 50 to $15; near park.
HOWARD, 1720. NW. cor. Erie, near Thirteenth
Beven rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water free;
key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
JESSIE, 440— Flat of 5 rooms; sunny side; no
children.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms; large yard; rent $24.
1521 Broadway, bet. Van Ness aye. and Polk.
NINETEENTH, 3930, bet. Noe and Sanchez—
Flat, 5 large rooms; bath.gas.large yard;sl2 50.
PIERCE, 3000, corner Filbert— A modern upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
PIERCE 3032, near Greenwich — Upper modern
flat, 5 large rooms, bath and basement; rent
cheap.
POND, 35. Intersection of Market and Sixteenth
—Flat of 6 rooms and bath.
POST, 625— An elegant flat of 7 rooms and bath
to let; $35.
POST, 1706—3 and 4 rooms; sunny flats; bath;
garden; rent $12 and $15.
SEVENTH, 46, near Market— Sunny flat of 4
rooms; rent moderate.
SHOTWELL, S69— l'pper modern flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. Apply MADISON &
BURKB.
SUNNY partly furnished flat. 6 rooms, $12 60;
water free; stable accommodation for horses
and carriage. 42 Norton st., near Mission.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $13. 1577
Turk st.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth Ft. and Glen
Park aye.. $13. $14. $15. $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$14^-NEW flat, 5 rooms and bath. 61 Pond st.,
16th and 17th, Noe and Sanchez.
$14— Cozy sunny lower flat. 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 6 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
$IS— ELEGANT upper sunny flat of 7 rooms,
bath and gas, stove: nice view of Presidio.
302SH Buchanan St.. bet. Union and Filbert.
$20— Flat of 6 rooms and bath: all modern Im-
provements. 3879 Seventeenth st., near Noe.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; modren Improvements;
completely furnished; $20; 129 Hartford Bt. ;
Castro ca"rs. Call bet. 12 and 4, Sunday or
Monday.
$22— SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath: com-
fortably furnished; piano; for 3 or 4 months;
references. 308 A Bartlett st.
4-ROOM furnished flat, complete; modern Im-
provements. 129H Hartford st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 nice back sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding b?.ts, 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $2 25 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second.
BRADY, 44, oft Market— 2 or 3 housekeeping
rooms reasonable: small family.
CALIFORNIA, 1520— Pleasant sunny rooms
sultabl:. for 2 persons; board optional; table
board.
DEVISADERO, 1611— Nicely furnished sunny,
airy housekeeping rooms. $10, $12 and $16.
EDDY, 815—2 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gas range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
BIOHTH. 36— Large sunny front suite; mirror
mantel; bath and gas; private.
EIGHTH, 108 — Housekeeping; sunny front
room, bay window, with kitchen.
ELLIS. 61S— 2 sumy front rooms, bath, gas,
stove; private family; $14.
ELLIS, 518— Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, $15.
FOLSOM, 974— Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms, single and double, very reasonable.
FOURTH, 22S— Sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. $1 50 per week up.
FOURTH. 829— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; also single; cheap.
FRANKLIN. 327— Large furnished front room
suitable for light housekeeping; rent $S.
FULTON. 116 — Large well-furnished room, with
summer kitchen, complete. $8 per month.
GEARY; 4«2— 3 handsome sunny corner rooms;
gas range; other rooms; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
GEARY, 556, formerly 618— Elegant Bunny par-
lor suites; single, double rooms; housekeeping.
GEARY. 1917— adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE. 730—1 or 2 nice housekeeping
rooms, $8 to $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Parlor floor; regu-
lar kitchen; sun; bath and yard.
HAIGHT, 412—3 large sunny rooms; alcove;
rent $10.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third-Flnely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1059V4— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms,
$5 up. - -
HOWARD, mSH-Front suites for housekeep-
ing; water; stoves; bath, etc.; $10 to $12.
HOWARD. 113 a— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1205—2 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; cheap. .
j JESSIE— 2 large furnished housekeeping
I rms.; sunny yard; $11; 1 bay-window rm.. $10.
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping, $7; single, $■'■
LARKIN, 1073%- Newly furnished room for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
MINNA, 731— Nice front room and kitchen; no
children. ___________
I MISSION. !2»— l large sunny housekeeping
rooms neatly furnished; $12.
MISSION, 932^2— Furnished room for ■ house-
keeping; stove and running water,: $7 month.
MISSION, 1415— Unfurnished .front room for
housekeeping; large and sunny.
MISSION, 2225. near Eighteenth— sl4; 2 large
sunny furnished rooms, with use of dining-
room, kitchen and bath.
NATOMA, 235£— Large room suitable for light
housekeeping or 2 gentlemen; cheap.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front suite, single,
small kitchen, $13: front bay-window, light
housekeeping, $S 60; gas.
OAK, 54— Front sunny furnished parlor; new
house.
PINE, Ti ■<; > _. Fine cozy suite of 2 sunny rooms,
$10; one very large front bay-window room,
$12. or suite of 3. $20. '
PINES, 1300, corner Hyde— Upper sunny floor,
2 or 3 rooms; stove; reasonable.
POINT LOBOB aye., 22—3 sunny rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
POLK, SOS — Nice, large clean front alcove room
with small kitchen; complete for housekeepg.
POLK, 1519—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ■
POLK. 1643. cor. Clay— 3 large newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms; housekeeping; $25.
SACRAMENTO, 1681. near Polk— 2 or 8 sunny
rooms unfurnished for light housekeeping.
SIXTH. 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; rent $9.
BUTTER, 830—3 unfurnished sunny rooms, suit-
' able for housekeeping.
TENTH, 149— Unfurnished; 4 fine large rooms;
sunny; separate yard; bath; $14.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; hot and cold water; bath;
gas.
THIRD, Furnished room, complete for
housekeeping. $5; 2 rooms for $10 a month.
TURK, 543— Large front rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS five.. 1021— front sunny suite,
furnished complete; gas range, bath, etc.
WEBSTER. 821— Upper flat 4 sunny front
rooms: bath: $16.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 5 pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping; nice grounds: central. 615 loth.
ROOMS TO LET.
j AT .Hotel Florence — Elegant suites from $20
] month; single $10; a quiet home; bath; eleva-
tor; every convenience for families and large
parties, by the day or week; give us a call.
AT 112 Taylor (The Keystone)— New manage-
ment; new furniture; elegant rooms; nice
board.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719— and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 52 Second St.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 a week and up.
APARTMENTS; quiet, hornellke; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
tn every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day. week or month.
CALIFORNIA, Large sunny front room,
furnished. $10; also single. $6; gas; bath.
CENTRAL AYE.. 416. near Golden Gate Park-
Large sunny room; newly furnished; for gent.
CLINTON Park, 150, near Thirteenth and Va-
lencia—Nice sunny furnished room, use of
kitchen, $8; no children.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
DIAMOND. 40— Large well furnished ■ front
room In sunny cottage surrounded by flowers.
EDDY, — If you want sunny, clean, quiet
rooms call here; $5 up.
EDDY. 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
EDDY, 603 — Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
room; laundry, yard.
EDDY, 616— Wanted, young lady to room and
board: private family; very reasonable.
EDDY. — Nice furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen.
EDDY, 62S— For 2 or more gentlemen, elegantly
furnished sunny front bay-window suite;
connecting bedroom; running water; bath;
gas; grate; private; references.
EDDY, 743— Parlor floor at 4 unfurnished rooms;
! also upper flat; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished large bay-window
front room. Geary st., near Van Ness, for
couple without children, or steady single
party; every bit new. Address box 439, Call.
ELEGANTLY furnished apartments with spe-
cial privileges for refined gentleman; no
other roomers. Address E. G., box 451, Call.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS House, 1211 Market, nr. Furnish-
ed rooms. $160 to $5 per week; transient. .
FIRST-CLASS private apartments, central lo-
cation, for transients; everything elegant.
Box 515. Call office.
FOLSOM. 766H— Nicely furnished rooms to let
$4 and $5; all conveniences.
FULTON, 311— One nicely furnished front bay- ■
window room; hot and cold water.
GEARY, 695, cor. Jones— Elegant sunny rooms,
suites and single; strictly first-clans; refs.
GEARY, 622 — Pretty, sunny bay-window front
room; running water; single rooms. ..
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Hous». S2l Howard— Per night. 25c to
■$1; week, $1 to $»; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1059— 1 large. 1 small
unfurnished room; light housekeeping. .-^JV>
HANCOCK . House, 7SI Mission-Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 925— Furnished front room, with
.closet and bath; $4.
HOWARD, 741— Just opened; new and clean;
front and other rms. ; bath; gas; $1 50 wk. up.
j HOWARD, 1500 A —A large bay-window front
room; rent $5. . . .
HYDE. 408— Sunny suite and single rooms, with
or without board; excellent table; reasonable.
LANGTON, 2124. near Harrison— Three large
: rooms; rent cheap.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front furnished room, 1
or 2 persons, $6; large back room, $5.
LARKIN. 1014— Small room, with closet, suitable
. for gentleman; private fam.; no children; $6.
LEAVENWORTH. 6— %— A nice middle room.
MARKET. 1122— Nicely furnished suites; also
single rooms; rent reasonable. . , !.
MCALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished
sunny rooms; 1 alcove.
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms to let; $1 per
' week. . •
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION. !>2s%— Handsomely furnished sunny
bay-window j front rooms; grate; gas; quiet.
MISSION. 1226— Nice large sunny parlor; piano;
• running water: bath; suitable 2; •. $10 month.
NICE sunny outside rooms; $3 and up; cor. 6th
and Stevenson. ■ near : Market; entrance 472
Stevenson. =. : ;
j OAK, : 22— Large light sunny front room; suit-
able for workshop or storage; cheap. , '..•■'
I O'FARRELL. .231— New management, new fur- !
- . nlture; elegantly furnished sunny | suites and
single rooms;, bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c i
week and upwards. 121 Bush st. . j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
j PINE, 739, near Powell— Nicely furnished suite;
j also single rooms; $6 and $7.
j POST. 239 (Bohemia)— Elegant sunny rooms for
families and gentlemen; strictly first-class.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; separate
entrance; rent $7; good yard.
; SEVENTH, 553— 59; 4 large sunny rooms; cot-
tage. - -'■
; SEVENTEENTH, 3622, near Dolores— 2 fur-
! nished sunny parlors; rent to suit tenant.
i SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
..near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week,
suites, $4 to $",; baths; elevator: electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient solic-
ited; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE.
proprietor.
SIXTH. Large sunny front room.
SUNNY room; both; gas; Protestant family.
Box 499. Call office. ; ■ •
| SUTTER, 426—2 nicely furnished sunny con-
necting rooms, singly or together; references.
SUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $5; also complete housekeeping
rooms.
SITTER. 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water: mod.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
; arate beds, $10: sunny single room. $1 60.
THREE or 4 furnished rooms to let: bath and
i use of piano. 3176 Twenty-fourth st.
TURK, Sunny front room, first floor, $11:
ball room, $5 a month.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath.
TURK, 624.' near Larkin-Sunny parlor floor of
5 rooms, bath; gas.
! $4 A month; bedroom and sitting-room com-
bined; sunny; gentleman. Box 466, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
' States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
~~—~" ~ —— — ~~— — ~*~— ~— — -~~—
ROOMS Aa.D BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything:
| new, cheerful: first-class every respect; board
optional. The Slrlus. 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS, MR— Sunny bay-window room, with
board, reasonable.
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms, best
i board; $20 per .onth. -
| FOLSOM, Swedish private boarding, with
; room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
! MINNA. — Nice sunny rooms, with board;
| private: Investigate.
REFINED family with comfortable home will
: board couple or 2 young men; reference. Box
463. Call office.
SOUTH PARK, Good table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
! THE — With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
i suites, with hoard for 2, $40 per month: single
I rooms accordingly.
BUTTER, 767 — Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
' ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
I SUTTER, 1128 Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
1 class board; large grounds. Mrs.W. F. Evans.
j TURK, 259— Furnished rooms, with board;
home cooking.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lltrhts, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
j $4 A MONTH: sitting and bedroom combined:
sunny: gentleman; furnished. Box 4497, Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
_ __ ; .^ _
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children or
Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St.. near Mission.
JESSIE. Good . home for infant or 1 or J
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
! AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234% Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
, FOR rent, completely furnished, butcher shop,
corner Cortlar.d aye. and Andover St.: rent
■ reasonable. Apply 440 Cortland aye., or 3501
Mission st.
CORNER store. Twenty-fourth and Florida
sts. ; formerly occupied by drug store. . In-
: quire at 2902 Twenty-fourth st.
' CORNER: always bakery; new oven: 5 living-
rooms; 100 Franklin st. DR. MEYER. 935
| Market st.
i NICE large store to let at 626 Post St.; rent
$20. , [ ;
i
* NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome *ts. :
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment; cheap.
SANCHEZ, 375— Store, with 3 living rooms:
next to public school; reasonable.
, STORE— Corner Twenty-first and Valencia:
suitable for dry goods or shoe store.
; STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero: suitable
for drug store. ;. ■-'■-»_;
; $12 — STORE, with fixtures. 3 living rooms and
cellar. 100S Natoma Ft., near Eleventh.
OFFICES TO LET.
; KEARNY, 410— Cheapest, lightest, newest, moat
modern offices. Agent on premises.
SPLENDID location and opportunity for a.
! physician, 1643 Polk St., corner Clay: offices
[ now occupied by Dr. T. Byron De Witt and
can be had furnished complete or unfur-
nished. Apply to 1643 Polk st.
| PHYSICIANS; dentists— Corner bay-window
suites of three rooms; first floor. 102 Ellis
; Bt.. corner Powell
DENTISTS.
I ^~~ ~,, . .--, .-.^ w^-.«^_ -
I A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW-YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth, $5 up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns "and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion st., - southeast corner of Sixth.
1 DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth '
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
i VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market st.. corner Sixth.
! DR. LUELLA COQt*. 654 Sutter; crowns, $3;
: aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
i L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAOUE.
. removed to Call bid p.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR J
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st
~ PROPOSALS.
NOTTcE~TO CONTRACTORS^-Pursuant to~"an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
. tice Is hereby given that sealed proposals
; will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
| a. m. of June 24. 189S, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
i School building.
Separate proposals will be i?ce!ve<] and
" separate contracts made for furnishing the
1 materials and performing the labor neces-
i' sary for each of the following parts of said
i; building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work
I including all brick, concrete and cenwni
I work and all necessary excavations and fin-
! ing; 2, for the iron work: 3, for the carpenter
i plastering, electric and glazing work; 4,1 for
the plumbing and Eas-fltting work; 6. tor the
• tinning and galvanized Iron work; 6. tor
painting and varnishing.
; No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
■ • Each proposal must be made on blanks
: furnished for that purpose, and. together
' ! with the above-mentioned bond. Inclosed la
a sealed envelope, addressed. to the Trustee*
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
1 ■ indorsement thereon showing what portion of
i the building is covered by the inclosed • pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants* Na-
j tional Bank of San Diego California, befor.
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24. IS9S.
Bald proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon _ will be made on
June 24. im. at 10 o'clock 1 am., at room 35
Fisher Opera-house block, In San Diego, Cali-
fornia. ■ ■
• The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be requlrea to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond -to tha
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for ' the faithful and proper performance or
1 his contract.
. The plans and specifications of said build-
i Ing can be seen during business hours at tha
office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
■ building, San. Diego, California.
. The Board of • Trustees reserves the right
■ to reject any or all proposals made.
- State Normal School of San Diego. Cali-
fornia.
By W. R. GUT. President Board Trustees.
Attest- ROBERT C. JONKS. Secretary.
MINES-
CHICAGO expert temporarily here will exam-
ine another mine. Box 423, Call office.
1314
MEDICAL.
A TREATMEXT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have fatled; no instruments used;
home in confinement: pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential ; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5. 7 to S. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adrpted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
ndential. SIKS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
Ft.; piils. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Pr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant a\e., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chaslng elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; Irregularities from any cause re-
stnrci in one day. or no charge; restores
strength and rigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home: best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, |G; pills. $1; when others fail.
Me free .if charge. 401 Van Ness aye.. near
McAllister st.
NEW process; a great progress In medical
Frlence for female trouble; no matter from :
what caus«; no medicine or Instruments ;
used: restores In one day without fail: every '
woman her own physician: away, disgrace;
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home; by the well known DR. POPPER. 31S
Kearny st.: pills and capsules, $1.
LADIES. Chlchester'i English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Lndles": letter by return mall: at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
PR and MRS. WRGKXEU. 1.112 Golden Gate
aye.. private home in confinement, witli every
comfort; beat care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
WISE'S private sanitarium. 307 Jones St.,
f^rmerlv of Sen Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital. X. V.: d eases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives end mothers- .^eguro: price
RICHARDS .v >•'■. 406 clay st.: send
2c -tamp for particulars to Peguro Manu-
■:■_- i".i., ,->:n X si., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPF.AU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with |
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50; j
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late. ;
OSGOOD BROS . Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal. '
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason St.: pri-
vate home In confinement: competent physi-
cians and nurses; txms. reas. Powell-st. cars. !
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister st.: diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueti; infallible, safe rem- !
edies; ;'.S years' experience. 254'^ Fourth st. ;
CARPET CLEAjriNQ.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama Ft.: tel. S. 40. j
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler St.; I
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. i
j7~McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453 j
Stevenson st. : tel. P. 225; lowest rates. j
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: relaid at 3c. !
STRATTON. 3 Eig h Ft.: tel. Jessie 944. ;
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning I
Works, 14 St St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201. j
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th .
Ft.: cleaning 3; a yard: tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. 333 Golden '
Gate aye.: tel. "Ast 1 _!'.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. !
Saturday. June 4.
Schr Repeat, -•■n, 8 days from Grays liar- ,
b"r. :
Hark Topgallant, Lunvaldt, 18 days from
P< rl Blakeley. '
Bktn Archer. noun, IS days from Hono- |
lulu.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. 24 hours from
Bihlers Point. !
SPOKEN
Per bkrn Archer— May 22. lat 2' 42 N, lon 157
W, ship .1 i: Walker, from Hiogo, for New
York.
I" IMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived June 4 — Stmr Hurneme,
Frar.'r?' 1 ' .
EUREKA— Arrived June 4 — Schr Hneneme,
hence June 2. ,
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA Arrived June 4 -Stmr
Missouri, from London.
NEW Y/ORK— Sailed June |. stmr Spoarn-
dam. for Home: stmr La Bourgogne, for
Havre: stmr Luccnla, for Liverpool; stmr Kai-
p*r Wilhelm [I, for NTapiea: stmr Patrla, for 1
Hamburg: stmr City of Rome,
QUEENSTOWN Sailed Jun< 4 Stmr Cym-
','■ rk.
lIAVIIK- Sailed .lune 4 Str.ir La Bretafrn<»,
for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed June 4 -Stmr Kr>n!-
lnnd. for X-v. Vi rk.
BREMEN Bailed .T'ii;r t — Stmr Frederich
der Gr *se. for New i'< rk.
LIVERPOOL Sailed ' • '■ Sti r Campania,
for N'< w York.
HARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows: '
Luigi Cogorno and Maria Levaggl 32-20 |
C L. Volquardsen and Flora R*everbutts. .Bl-22 |
James McLaughlin and Nellie T<.bin 23-19 j
Frank G. Peterson anil Grace Breseno 25-24 i
Lr>on Levy and Eugenia Kiln? 28-28 !
George H. Trask and Ethel J. Jory 2K-25 ;
Fred K. Buchan and Luclnda M. Smith 23-241
Ilor.nre J. Dobbins and Daisy Jones 38-34
Taibot V.'. Amsler and Amelia M Kramer. 27-24
G. lend and Franclska Srhootkovsky r .-2<i
I'atri^k J. OKeeffe ami Katie Dugan 35-31 '
Joseph Carson and Maria Lasselle 31-28 !
Christ H. Kaul and Emma G. Amark 29-22
Arthur Scholes and Adelaide Baucedo 32-22
Oscar Dlttmar and Sophia Rhode 3.-.-2S
Bartolomeo Berri and Caterine Carpel la 46-30
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be j
handed in at either of the publication offices
en ; be endorsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARRAHAM— In this city, June 2. I*3B, to the
wife of Hyman Abraham, a daughter.
BEDWELL— May 5, 1898, to the wife of J.
L Bed well, a son.
FALCONER— May 2«, 1898, to the wife of J.
Falconer, a daughter.
FOUSSE— In this city, June 2, IS9S, to the wife
of Emll Fousse. a daughter.
FIXXEGAN— Ma) 28, 1898, to the wife of James
.1 Flnnegan, a son.
GIELOW— In this city. May 30. 1898, to the
wife of Charles H. Gielow, a daughter.
GUINASSO— In this city. June 2. IS9S. to the
wife of Louis QuinaiSßO. a daughter.
HAMH.KY In this efty, May 26, 1898, to the
wife of J. J. Hundley, a son.
KELLY -In this city, Juno 3, IS9B. to the wife
oi Albert Kelly, a son.
LAWLER- May 10, 1898, to the wife of F. W.
Lawler, a daughter.
MURRAY— In tbti city. May 20. ISPS, to the
wife .if John F. Murray, a 'laughter.
PORTER— In this city, to the wife of Joseph
W Porter, a son.
REGAN— In this city, May 3". 1898, to the wife
of Charlea .1. Regan, a daughter.
VOLQUAROB- In this city. May 3n, ISIR, to the
trite of C Volquard*, a daughter.
STOCKMAN In this city. June 2, WS, to the
t\ j f .- of \V. F. Stockman, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DITTMER— In this city. June 4, 1898.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Oskar Dittmer and
Sophie Rohde. - .
HORSTMEYER— WINTERS— In this city. June
4. IS!*, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William
Horstmeyer and Clara Winters.
AMARCK- In this city, June 4, 1S!>8, by
the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Christian Kaul and
Emma Amarck.
•PAYNE— SABIN- In- this city, June 1, isns. at
St. Paul's Church, by the Rev. W. M. Reilly,
Dr. Redmond W. Payne and Grace Adeline,
daughter 'if Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin.
BHARP— KEYEB- In this city, June 2. 1--. by
the Rev. J. Fuendellng, William J. sharp and
Gporgle Keyes.
TREFZ— L.UTZ In this city. May », IS9S, by
the Rev. J. I'u-n.i. ling. Carl A. Trefz and
Maria Anna Lutz.
VOGLER— AGGENS—In this city, June 4. IS9S,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Albert Vogler and
Honda Agßen^. ■ ■
WOOLLEY-COX— In this city, June 1. 18?S,
Charles E. W'jolley .of • Oakland and Ida M.
■Cox. . ■ .. .. ..
DIED.
Allison, Thomas Lambert, Jacob
Black Harriet H. Mapee, John
Ulack. Helena 11. . Martin, Margaret
Burns, Owen Martin, Mary K.
Creljrhton, Nettie Mills,, Catherine
lulling, John Montrose. Frank H.
Dwyer, Thomas O'Brien, Patrick
Elliott, John Orani, Charles
l.mii.v. Catherine • Roland. Francis
Harris, Bernard Stolz. Peter
Jackson, James ; Vanwhy, Marguerite
Johnston, Martha J. Waters, Mary
Kempe. George AVickenhauser, E.
King. John .1. Wynne, Dennis
Knox, Thomas R.
AT.IjTfOX— In Arizona. .Tune 1. ISOT. The
Allison, husband of Elizabeth C. Allison,
father of George E., Edmund L.. Arthur W..
James H. and Mary Allison, a native of Can-
ada, ageil 5= yean ■> month? and S days.
CFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 4 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BLACK— June 3. 1898, Harriet Helena, daugh-
ter of Matthias and Crecencia Black, and
sister of George W. and Burt Black and Jen-
nie Clawsun. aged 26 years 2 months and 24
days.
BLACK— In this city, June 3. IS9S. Helena H.
Black, beloved niece of Mr. and Mrs. C. L..
Boeil, aged 26. Secretary of General G. G.
M->ad Corps No. 61, W. R. C. and member of
Martha Washington Council. Daughters of
Liberty.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 503 Greenwich street. Interment pri-
vate.
Bl UN'S -In this elf June 3. IR9S. Owen, be-
loved husband of Margaret Burns, father of
Daniel Burns, and brother of Joseph, Peter
and John Burns, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years.
KT'Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, for services for
repose of his soul, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CREIGHTON— In this city. June 4. IS9B, Nettie,
beloved mother of Frances Creighton, a na-
tive of Stellacoom. Wash., aged 35 years 6
months and 21 days.
DILLIXG In this city, June 4. IS9S. John, be-
loved husband of Grace Dilllng, a native of
Cornwall, England, aged 40 years and 1
month.
PWYKR- In this city. June 4. 1898. Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Dwyer. and father
of Mrs. W. Mehan and Rosie and the late
Edward and James Dwyer, a native of Ire-
land, aged ss years.
C7Rpnialns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
ELLIOTT— In this city, June 3, 189S, John,
dearly beloved husband of the Jate Roseanna
Elliott, and father of James, John, William,
Frank. Eunice and Lizzie Elliott. Mrs. L.
A. Mlskel and the late Rose Elliott and Mrs.
R. Kerr. a native of County Monaghan. Ire-
land, aged 67 years 11 months and 13 days.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 701 Crescent avenue. Bernal Heights,
thence to Old St. Mary's College Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
ETIENNE— In this city, June 1. 189S, Catherine,
beloved wife of Victor Etienne, mother of
Victor and Joseph Etienne, sister of Martin
Kupfer, Mrs. Maden. Mrs. Brunner and Mrs.
Guilluim, and sister-in-law of Joseph Etienne.
a native of Habsheim, Alsace, aged 43 years
3 months and 6 days. Detroit and Jackson.
Mich., papers please copy.)
IC"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 14 Sherman street, between Folsom
and Harrison. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
HARRIS— In this city. June 2. IS9B, Bernard,
beloved husband of the late Zlpora Harris,
and father of Mrs. L. J. Morris and Charles
S., Henry B. and Louis L. Harris, a native
of Exin, Germany, aged 78 years 3 months
and 5 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of hid son, Charles S. Harris. 1921 Ellis street.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock.
JACKSON— In San Diego, Cal., May 28, IS9B,
James Jackson, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of Court Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F.,
from Foresters' Hall, 102 O'Farrell street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains at
H. C. Bunker & Co.'s, undertakers, 2668 Mis-
sion street.
JOHNSTON— In this city, June 2, 1898, Mar-
tha J.. beloved wife of James Johnston, mother
of John, Edward, Hugh, James and Robert
F. Johnston, and sister of John, William J.,
Robert . F. and Esther Crockard and Mrs.
James Gratto, a native of San Francisco,
aped "7 years 5 months and 5 days.
!T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 157 Crescent avenue. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
KEMPE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 3, 1898, George Kempe, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 26 years.
KING— In this city, June 3. 1898, John Joseph
King, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years.
KNOX —In this city, June 3, IS9S. Thomas
Rosebrugh Knox, a native of Gait. Canada,
aged 4<> years and 11 months.
E7*Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of Oriental Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M.
LAMBERT— In this city, June 3, IS9B. Jacob,
beloved husband of Hannah Lambrrt. and
father of John, James and Katie Lambert.
a native of New York, aged 45 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
[C"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1081? Silver street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MAGEE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 4. 1898. John Masee. a native of Dis-
trict of Columbia, aged 39 years.
MARTIN— In this city, June 4. 189S, Margaret,
dearly beloved wife of the late Daniel Mar-
tin, and sister of Mrs. Ann Desmond, a na-
tive of Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland,
aped 7S years.
MARTIN— In this city. June 4, 1898, Mary X.,
wife of the late James Martin, and dearly
beloved daughter of Maria and the late Pat-
rick Dennan. a native of San Francisco.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, -140 Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLS— this city, June^3, 1898, Catherine,
beloved daughter of James and the late Cath-
erine Mills, and sister of James W., Nora
and Thomas Mills and Mrs. S. Concilia, a
native of San Francisco, age,] 24 years 6
months and 27 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 4 M »rrel place, off Pacific street, be-
tween Hyde ami Larkln. thence to St. Brlgld's
Church "for services, Interment Holy Cross
cemetery.
M< >XT ROPE— Drowned In Mono Lake, May 29.
' - Frank H., husband of Fannie Montrose.
and father of Lulu. Lpo. Viola. Eari, lyeslie.
Vivian and Ralph Hontrose, a native of Can-
ada. a - ;ed 44 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. June 2, 189 S. Patrick
O'Brien, dearly beloved brother of Delia
O'Brien and Mrs. D. McCarthy, and nephew
of .! 'tin Burke, a. native of Milltown. Malbay.
County ''lare, Ireland, aged 25 years.
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
full' Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:?,n o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thfnc" to St. Brendan's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OPAM-In thl= city. June 1, IS3S. Charles
dram, a native of Xew York, agnd 59 years.
ROLAND- In this city. June 3. 098, Francis,
beloved husband of Anna Roland, and father
of Adolph Roland, a native of France, aged
8S years 4 months and 15 days.
(TTFrlends are respectfully invit°d to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from Pioneer Hall. Fourth street,
near Market, Interment Masonic Cemetery.
STOLZ — In the City and County Hospital,
June 4. ISWS, Peter Stolz, a native of Ger-
many, aged 57 years. •
VANWHY— In this city, June 4. IS9S, Mar-
guerite, beloved daughter of J. T. and Jose-
phir.e Vanwhy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 17 days.
WATERS— In this city. June 3, I*3B. Mary.
ii"ln\ed wife of the late Martin Waters, and
mother of Mollie. Martin. Katie. Xellle. An-
nie and Willie Waters, a native of Sligo, Ire-
land, nged IS years.
IHT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d»nce, 1321 Kearny street, between T'nlon and
Green, thenfe to St. Francis Church, where
a high requiem mass will be said for the re-
t.nsc of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WICKENHAtTSER— In this city. June 4. WR,
Edward, beloved hmband of Kat>. and father
Of May and Edward Wickenhauser. a native
of Ban Francisco, aged H years and 7 months.
WYXXE-In this city, June 4. l>tnß. Dennis, be-
loved husband of the late Bridget Wynne.
fn'her oi" H<-nry J.. John C. and Frank A.
Wynne, Mrs. C. F. Robinson, Mrs. A. Long,
Mrs W. W. Byrne and Mrs. A. Griffith, and
brother of P. Wynne, a native of County
Sligo. Ireland.
CARD OF THANKS.
I desire to express my heartfelt thanks to all
friends and acquaintances for their sympa-
thies and attendance at the funeral of my
late daughter. MartrarPt Breen. ; ,
MRS. JENNIE BREEN.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUKERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
10 tIITB ST.. Opp. Lincoln Saao»i. I
Telephone. South 80. ■ I
AS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
CNDERTAKKHR AND KMHAI.MEKi
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market st., Sao
Francisco. Telephone So. 156. ■ . '-..y;%
Estab. 1858 Tel. South '. 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral -Directors and Embnlmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, spacious .hapei for iii« vi«
of out patrons. Rubber tire* on our ambulane*.
REAL ." ESTATE ' ACTIONS!
City and County of San Francisco to Helene
Fahrbach, ■' lot . on X line of Ellis street,' l37:6
W of Franklin. W 55 by N 137:6: — .-■■.■
Same Ko London and ; Ban; Francisco ; Bank
1 ■•.-■■::•"•. -. '■' "■■■■ ■,■■.■■■...*"■. '".-■ . ■ ■ . . , :■ ■
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 5, 1898.
I (Limited), lot on X line of AVashington street.
173:2 E of First avenue, E 22:4>2. 257:10, SW
257:10: — .
Julius Schulken et al. (by commissioner) to
George L. Payne, lot on XE corner of Mc-
Allister and Laguna streets. E 30 by N 100;
$18,000.
William T. and Eleanor M. Fonda to Anna
E. Fonda lot on X line of Sacramento street,
62:6 W of Spruce. W 27:6 by X 102:8 Vi: $10.
H. R. Schmuckert to Theodor Schoefer. lot
on E line of Sanchez street, 7S N of Nine-
teenth. N 25 by E 10'J; $10.
William T. Ward to Albert H. Elliot, lot on
I N line of Cumberland (Columbia) street, 155 E
of Xoe, N 144 by E 50; $10.
Julia 1). Beylard (wife of Ed). Agnes H.
Hayne (wife of D.), J. H. P. and George 11.
Howard and Henry P. Bowie to Tomas Luis
Onativia, undivided =h> of lot on SW corner of
Sacramento and Webb streets, W 34 by S 75,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary Smith to Walter N. Jackson, lot on
E line of Salmon street, 97:6 S of Broadway,
S 20 by E 60; $10.
Jean and Jeanne Anglade to Charles J. Reil-
ley, lot on N line of Filbort street. 112:6 W of
Jones, W 2:, by X 100; $10.
Ephrem Yorbe to Louise and Marie F. Vorbe,
lot on N line of Harrison stret, 350 W of \
I Third. X 80 by V 25; $10.
Catherine Moran to John E. and Martin F.
Moran. lot on NW line of Natoma street, 100
Xi: of Seventh. NE 25 by NW 75; gift.
John Haley to Bartholomew and Kate Curtin,
lot on SW line of Harriet street. 250 NW of
Folsom. XW 25 by SW 75: $10.
Stephen K. Jones to Annie E. Stcinmetz. un-
divided one-twelfth interest in lot on SW cor-
ner of Howard and Russ streets, W 25 by
B 85: «5.
Estate of M. C. Bonney (by A. C. Freese ad- |
mlnistrator) to B. Sherry, lot on E line of ;
Twenty-eishth avenue, 100 S of J street, S 130 |
by E 120; $3SO.
Mary E. Gregory to Malvene Gregory, lot on j
S line of Highland avenue (Glendaie) and SW j
of Falcon. W 109 more or less, S 75 E to Fal- j
con, X to hegirning, block 17. Pioche and Rob- |
Inson's Subdivision, gift, etc: $imi.
James and Mary McDermott to Patrick C.
Morton, lots 1 to 14, block 31, Sunny Vale
Homestead; also lots 7 and 41, block 544, Haley
Purchase W of and adjoining Hudson Tract; j
also lots 4 to 6 and 9, block 544, same; $10.
John Roherls to same, same (three descrip- i
tlons), quitclaim deed; $5.
George A. Patterlee (by B. P. Oliver commis- i
sioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society, i
lot on S lino of Jackson street, 137:6 E of Oc- j
tavla, E 40 by S 127:S'i; $5268.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Abra-
ham Ruef, same, $4T."i'.
Charles. Hul.la, Henry and Katie Kirsch- !
braun. Fnnnie and Benjamin Harris to E. I
Klrschbraun, lot on N line of Sutter street, 36 !
W of Webster W 24 by X 75; gift.
Clara Kluge to Annie E. Bier, lot on NE cor-
ner of Metner and Clay streets, N 102:8 1 4 by I
E 25; 810.
J. B. and Florence E. Wuersching to Fannie !
I">. Bonacina (wife of Joseph M.), lot on S line '■
of California street, 56:3 E of Lyon, E 60 *>>•
S 100; Jin.
Joseph E. and Annie Bier to Clara Kluge. lot !
on S line of Grattan Btrcet, 111:6 E of Stanyan, |
E 50, S I'll. S 45 degrees 45 minutes W 61:5, N |
187, lots r> and 23. Meyers Garden Traci; $10.
Mary J. Anie to Frederick Anle. lot on SW
line of Juniper street, 350 SE of Folsom, SE
25 by SW ?0; gift.
John F. Munroe to Frank H. Hodge, lot on
XW line of Market street, 118:4.* XE of Castro.
NE 25 by NW 90; .
Security Loan Association to Robert Cole.
lot on X line of Army street, 164 W of Dolores,
W 25 by X 114; $10.
Charles C. Beck to Gustav Walter, lot on X
line of Twenty-seventh street, 10(5 :S W of
Church, W 53:4 by X 114: $io.
Charles J. Parsons to Josephine M. Parsons, |
lot on XE line of Zoe street, 200 XW of Bran-
nan. XW 25 by NE 75; gift
Samuel C. and Laura F. Irving to Frank de '
Curtoui; lot on SW corner of X'inth avenue !
and Clement street. \Y 32:6 by S 10«; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Paulina Ilartmann ]
iwife of G. Hartmann), lot on B line of |
Eleventh avenue, 125 X of M street, N 25 by ;
E 120; $10.
Etna Fowler to Gustav Walter, lot 1653, gift
map J; $10.
Philip J. Bailey to Mary E. Bailey, lots 7
and 42. block 11, People's Homestead Associa-
tion; $10.
Mary Schroder to Margaret Briens (or
Brynes), lot on S line of East avenue .WC:** \V
of Umrel. W 25 by S 108, lot 36, block 6. Holly ;
P.nrk; $10.
Margaret Briens (or Brynes) to Han- Schro- I
der, same; gift.
Alameda County.
Alfred H. Blow and Mary V. Weil and as
trustees under deed Mary A. Blow and Fanny
C. Blow to August Lundin. lot on S line of
Seventh Btreet, 75 E ■•! Alice, E 25 by S 75,
block 62, Oakland; $1".
First Natic.nal Bank of Oakland to same,
same. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Frederick A. and Mary Campbell and Ann
Harris et al. by commissioner to Fireman' 3
Fund Insurance Company, lot on N line of
Thirty-second street. i:!7.4<i W Of Telegraph ave-
nue, W 33, N 142.30, E 33, S 130.12 to beginning,
block 2043. Rowland Tract. Oakland; 12318.
Hirtie A. Ristrem to John Ristrem. lot on
PW line of Sunnyside avenue. 271.73 .>'\V from
N Oakland avenue, NW KO by SW 100, being-
lots H and 12. block C, Sather Tract, to cor-
rect 579 d 370, Oakland Township, quitclaim
deed; $1.
John and Christina Ristrem to Annie R.
Leckie. wife of R. S. Leokie, same, Oakland
Township; $10.
Alonzo and Mary PHmmon to E. J. Prlnßle
Jr., all interest in lot on E line of Chapin
street, f." S of Pacific avenue. E 75 by S 50,
block 2. chapin Tract, to correct former deed,
Alameda; $IU.
H. P. and C. M. Jensen (by Sheriff) to S. H.
Harmon Lumber Company, lot on N line Of
Chestnut street. 280 NW of B, NW 60 by XX
100, belli,? lot 7. I,awr»nee Tract. Haywards,
Eden Township; also lot on NW line of B
street, where the common dividing line be-
tween the lands of parties of th<- first part
and lands of Frederick Allen Intersects NW
line of B street, thence BW 20. NW 106, NE
2". SE 10" to be^inninc. block 29, Town of Hay-
wards. Eden Township; also lot on S line of
B stret. lnO W of Fifth. W 50 by S 150, Hay-
wards. Eden Township; $688,
ie P. Crow to Virginia A. Morris, lot on
E line of Chestnut street. 158 N of Sixtenth, N
74 bj E 1°.2, block 596, Oakland; also property
in .Stanislaus County; gift.
F. c. and Emma ( >. Jarvis to Kate King
1 wife f C. H.). lot on F. line of Broadway, SO
X of Sixth street. X SO by X 126. S 2:.. W 50,
S 25, W 7.", to beginning, block 66, Oakland; $10.
P. S. an.l Annie R. Leckie to Christina Ris-
tr»m 1 wife of Johni. lot 14, (Jlen Kiho Tract,
Map 2. Oakland Annex: $I<l.
George M. and Kthel Sheldon to Robert
War.neninacher, lot on XE corner Alcatraz ave-
nue and Adeline street, X 11:2. N 26, W !*>:«.
SW to beginning. Mock 1, Central Park Tract,
Herkeley: $Ul.
Hannah M. Woolsey to Mary J. Arnold, lot
on W line of Telegraph avenue, where same
Is Intersected by the center line of We ■ r.
thence SW 16fl:X 6-10, SE 156:10, R 117:0%, X
Iti2:9 6-10 to beginning, containing hnlf an acre,
being a portion of plat r.l. Rancho V and D,
Peralta, Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $5.
Emma B. Kelso to W. H. Wcilbye. lota 2. 3.
'. t-> S. block 22. Fitchburg Homestead, Hrook-
lyn Township; *200.
Felix ,\m\ Delflna Marcuse to H. W. Miller,
lot on S line of Pacific avenue, D 6 W of Chest-
nut street. W 3« by S 11". block 33. map of
property in vicinity of ISncinal Station, Ala-
meda ; $10.
Doris Heuer to Marie Tardlf. lot on SW cor-
ner of Charles and Iyouisa streets, S 51.83 by
W 125, being a portion of lands of the Teu-
tonla Park and Homestead Association, Ala-
meda: JlO.
11. H. and A. G. Pitcher to Jactnto Vlerra.
lot on SE corner of Fir.-t street. 33f..7"fi XE of
Sprlne. XE 50 feet by SE 2.SS chains, being
portion of an unnumbered plat lying between
First street and Plat 14. Town of Pleasanton,
quitclaim deed, Murray Township; $100.
William H. Hebnrd to W. H. Roussel. lot on
XW corner ol Sunny Slope and Pleasant Val-
ley avenues. X 12". by W 132, being lots 1 to 5,
block C, Sunny Slope Tract, Oakland; $5.
B. J. Smith to Margaret Cameron Smith, lot
on X line of Wadsworth avenue. JJ w of Bavo
1 Vista, W 75 by X 12.".. being lot 14, block F,
j Linda Vista Terrace, Oakl.'.nd Annex; gift.
Emily Scott Smith to Claude H. Cole, lot on
I W line of (Jrove street. J6 S of Brown or Thir-
< ty-fourth, S 40 by W 118.55, subject to mortgage,
I Oakland; $10.
Joseph I. Legault to Oliver I^egault. undi-
vided one-third Interest In lots ."3 to 68, block
A. Broadway Terrace Tract, Oakland Town-
ship: $300.
Eiiraheth H. and Henry H. Watson to Frank
G. Watson, lot on X line of Delaware street
so W of Grant. X 135:4*. by W SO. hlock 3. State
Tniverslty Homestead Association No. 4.
j Herkeley; $10.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to Jeanette E.
j Merritt, lots 7 to 11, block A, Sanford Tract.
Brooklyn Township; 110.
Daniel and Annie Frave! to John W. Reilly.
: I. cginning at XE corner of lot 4. Peralta Tract,
thence S 225, E to center of Kimball avenue,
thence X 185, W 31fi:S, to beginning, being por-
tion of Pernlta Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles W. and Wllhelmina S. Heyer to
j Marcus Poncet. survey 3. otherwise lot 45, con-
I tainlng .28 of an acre, on official connected
I plat, ex-Mlsston San Jose; also lot on SW cor-
] net- above described and Washington street,
j S to SW corner of said tract of land, thence
I W 80, X 72, E 73 to beginning. Washington
Township; $10.
Frank G. and Minie L. Wat3on to Elizabeth
H. Watson, lot beginning at a point SO from
the XE corner of Hamilton and Delaware
streets, X 13.>:4M> hy E 80. being the W 40 feet
of lot 7 and E 40 feet of lot fi, block 3, State
t'niversity Homestead Association Xo. 4
Berkeley; $10.
John A. and Rosa Reichert to Annie Silver
(wife of Charles Silver), lot 23. block A Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
F. Kronenberg (owner) with W. L. Holman
(contractor), architect none, one electric ele-
vator in building on SW line of Main street
137:6 SE of Market, SE 45:10 by 137:6; $1250
Mrs. A. K. Hecht (owner) with S. C. Murray
(contractor), architect J. E. Krafft. all work
for alterations for a 2-story frame with ba*e-
! meat and aflic on XW corner of Van Ness
avenue and Post street. W li»S:fi by X 120; $I<;SS
John Shirley (owner) With Frank Stclnmann
(contractor), architect c. A. Meussdorffer, iiil
work except plastering, painting, plumbing,
I electrical work, interior and exterior plaster
decorations, ventilators, mantels, gas fixtures,
shades, excavation and brick work for 3-story
and basement frame building on XW corner of
Jackson and Jones streets, W 87:10 by X 52:6;
$12,430.
Rose and Julie Lazarus (owners) with H.
T. Grieb (contractor), architects Salficl.i ,v
Kohlberg, all work except plumbing, painting
and incandescent work for a 3-story and base-
ment frame building on X line of Ellin street,
165 W of Franklin, w 27:6 by X 137:6; $5210.
The 400 th anniversary of the discovery
of Trinidad by Columbus, which will oc-
cur on July 31. will be commemorated by
the Issue of a special postage stamp.
KISSED THE WATER
BY MOONLIGHT
SUCCESSFUL LAUNCHING OF
THE SADIE.
Mrs. William L. Gerstle Gracefully
Christens the New Vessel With
a Bottle of Champagne.
With a full moon shining from the east
and a high tide running into the bay the
paddle wheel tugboat Sadie was success
fully launched from the Union Iron
Works at half-past 10 o'clock.
.rawny men with sledgehammers
kept knocking away the shore dogs until
nothing remained to hold her in place
save the jackscrew which was propped
against her stern and a few wedges un
der her keel. At this time Mrs. Gerstle,
with her husband standing beside her,
ungloved her right hand and seized the
champagne bottle which swung from the
port bow suspended by a blue ribbon with
the vessel's name anu the date Oi her
launching painted in letters of gold upon
it. Then one mighty blow from the work
man's sledgehammer dashed aside the
last obstruction and the vessel commenc
ed to move toward the waters of the bay.
Then it was that Mrs. Gerstle swung the
bottle and in a clear voice said, "I chris
ten thee Sadie."
A cheer from those present, with the
shrill whistles from the workshops
greeted the last mechanical production
from the Union Iron Works' shops.
The new vessel is intended for the
Alaska service, and will be engaged in
towing barges from St. Michael to the
Yukon River, and if necessary will go up
the Yukon as far as her draught will
permit.
Her dimensions are: Length on water
line 150 feet, length over all 157 feet 6
inches, beam 30 feet, depth of hold 8 feet
6 inches, gross tonnage 252. speed 11 knots,
horsepower 300, draft "6 inches.
Work was commenced on her by the
Union Iron Works on the last week in
March, and without any rush she
reached her finishing touches a few weeks
ago, but her launching was delayed for a
full tide and a joyful moon, both of
which, with an exceptionally tine sum
mer night, saluted her as she kissed the
waters of San Francisco Bay.
WOULD BE AN AMATEUR.
Wilbur J. Edwards, the Noted Cy
clist, Anxious to Ride for Glory.
Wilbur J. Edwars, the well known pro- j
fessional cyclist, who has appeared on j
the racing path during the past five j
I years with credit to himself and club, :
communicated with the governing board j
of the California Associated Cycling j
Clubs, asking that he be reinstated to j
amateur standing. The matter was :
brought up last evening at the monthly !
; meeting of the board in the rooms of the I
I Olympic Wheelmen, and after an hour j
i had been devoted to a general discussion i
j of his cast- and a review of the amateur
and professional question. J. A. Desimone, |
v delegate from the Garden City Wheel
men and a fellow elubmate of Edwards,
withdrew the application.
It was decided that the annual road
race for the Baker & Hamilton trophy
should be held on the third Sunday in ]
September. In future a rider wishing to '.
j participate in a road race will ..ave to be
a bona-flde resident of the city or county
In which the race is to be held for a pe
riod of three months before being eligible
to compete, 'ihis is to prevent clubs im
porting crack riders from other counties
sixty days before the race, BO as to
strengthen their team.
The trophy offered by the Cycling West
Will be competed for at the September ;
i!' meet. The trophy must !><• won throe
i times before it pnsses into the possession ;
', of the winning club.
Harry Fowler was declared a profes
sional and warned not to compete in ama
| teur events. Norman S. Burcombe of Ta
; coma was appointed handicapper for
Washington. Fred Schone of Seattle was
suspended to April 24. 1899, for exhibition
riding.
An invitation extended to the board to
hold its next meeting in Sacramento on
July 2 was accepted.
Park Music.
The following programme will be given by
the I'ark Band this afternoon:
A. Bpadina, Dliector; I. l". hoggin. Manager.
Patriotic, Military and Bftttle Music.
March, "Siars and Stripe*" Sousa
Overture, American. (' tents — "'Our Na
tions." "Red, White and Blue." "Hall
Columbia," "Washington March."
"America," "Kellers' American Hymn,"
"The Land of Washington," "Star-
Spangled Banner," "Yankee Doodle."
finale ratlin
Selection, "Rlgoletto" Verdi ,
Descrlpttve, "The : -\ Chase" Kolling
"Bpisode in a Bolt! Life" Kappey ;
Overture, "Light ' ry" Suppe
Piccolo solo, "Through the Air" Ilanim .
A . I a >ga r.
Waltz, "ImmnrtPllen" Gungl
Grand descriptive battle piece. "Death of
custei" I. Donigan
1. Sioux war dance, night before the
battle. 2. Bugle calls in Custer's camp
before formint the line of march. 3.
<'uster's cavalry <>n march to Sioux's
camp, the sound of horses' hoofs In the j
distance. 4. Approach of Custer's cav
alry with band playing "Red, White and
Blue." the. Indians responding with their
customary war music. ">. Battle of Little
Big Horn, in which our great general
tost his life. 6. Indians rejoicing over
the victory with scalp dance. 7. Arrival
of reinforcements. General Kentine and
cavalry. 8. Custer's burial, volley of
phots, muffled drums and bugle sound-
Ing the last calls over our great gen
eral's pravH. Finale— "Nearer. My <;■><!,
to Thep."
March. Pride of the Navy, Oregon"
Major C. Hunt
The Abbie F. Morris in Port.
The seventy-seven ton schooner. Abbie
F. Morris, 11*1 days from Boston, arrived
in port last night. From here she will
proceed to Cooks Inlet, v.'here she will be
joined by twenty-three people who have
made the trip across the country, hound
for the gold fields of the north. During
the voyage the navigator. William H.
Nickerson, died, and was buried at sea.
■ ♦ . 1
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without .removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
,:« ♦ ■
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B S Sanhorn, Sacto M.J Curtis, Sacto
G F Dietz, Biggs E C Atkinson, Sa-eto
C M Hartley. Vacaville G A Mehrhood, Cal
Mrs M E Melgs. Cal F Hughes, England
Miss X Meigs, Cal . G W Klncald, Cal
\V H Peckham, Cal J Johnson, Napa
\V D Crane. Colo \\ H Taylor & w. Cal
A Remington, Ukiah Miss R Brewste*, Cal |
H J Murray, Cal H Dangberg Jr & w, i
J W Blocow, Cal Carson
R A Tucker, Cal EM Adams, Colusa
\V Stork. Brooklyn EM Adams Jr, Colusa
J M Pettlgrew, Cal A Penny, Los Gatos
J M Ladd. Stockton EC Hopkins. Sacto
W H Mallory. Stocktn S H Davis, Sacto
J W Noughton, Cal I H Barnham. Sacto
I A McKenzie, Merced W Geary. Sacto
A Agrill, Middleton |p Welch. Sacto
M J Hall, Salem L I, Lewis, Sacto
Q M Foote, Holllster C W Morton, Sacto
E A Chllton, London E Franklin, Sacto
Q W Detjens, & w.Cal L D Tooley, Wlllpws
W W Mannix. Neb Miss Tooley, Willows
W Barton. • Peniyn T Lanahan & w. Cal
M J Dillman, Sacto |W It Davis, Sacto
A A Lament &w. Cal M S Flammer, Sacto I
G R Parkinson. Cal II Schulz. Porterville j
F IT Farrar. Merced F H Guild. Tucson
C P Bailey, San Jose !
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Miss H Cotchifer N V J CSalTord, Auburn
I Mrs M Arvidson, Cal j W D Davis, Pinole
Miss Shelton, Wash G A Loney, St Louis
F Munson, Lorin ■• - - ;E H Parker, N V
Mrs O'Brien, NY ■ H R Mason & w, Cal
II F Judson. L Ang ; D Springer, Chicago
! F Bernard. Cal . | Mrs , R Jackson. 111
j R Alexander, Cal L Stocking, S Jose
I F P Bane, 8 Rosa Mrs C Davis, L Ang
| P Ball, S Jose J T Ritchie, Mo
1, E Bennlser, S Bias j AT McEwen, N V
Ii (i Mass. Stktn - I 8 T Hearst, Portland
W T Ennich, B C I R T Davis, Stktn
Mrs Carpenter. Stktn J E Doak, Stktn
! W P Shaw, Ky. - D R Oliver, Stktn
W Stone & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W G Sharp, Salt Lake J Colquhon, , wf, Ariz
Mrs L Keating, NY Miss McQueen. Ala
.1 S Wile. US A M Eichengreen. Chao
G P Keating, X V J w Xevely. Wash
A:llnsbrouck Jr., USA A Lon^ini, Chicago
|S D Sturgis. D 3 A M Rosphcro, Chicago
B P Hunt, .Stanford T Lane, Michigan
C S Elmes, Chicago ' ; Del' Glldden. Butte
D T Davis, wf. Wash F Ballou, * Colorado
S Leon. N V J D Kilpatrick. Wyo
B M Wilson, Chicago J: J Hamlyn. Orovllle
A D King, Hanford. T RKilby, Chicago
P W Bernald. Bradford M Greenwald, N V
R V Ellis, Hanford Lord Sudeley, ; London
J M Elliott, Los Ang JR Mitchell, Vuncou .
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ".'.
i B. Harrington, Cal | C M Bolger, Livermre
O Van ' Carter, Chcgo W J Crane, Portland
J Wilson, Boston ■■■ ■-. Mrs W J Crane.- Or'
C J Howard, Montery T B ■ Eckron, • Chicago
C Willard, ■ San Jose C B * Beamish. Sacto
J Johnson, Carson ;.;,'"■ W S McCann. Stocktn
H Paulson. Ogden " Miss R Foley, Seattle
P Maxwell, Modesto J Gately, Vancouver;
J C Dixon, Jackson •':■ M Moore, Cal
M L ■ Ford. Rio Vista C D Hale. Reno
F Miller. Madera
WAR REVENUE
BILL PASSED
But It Must Now Go to
Conference.
BOND PROVISIONS REMAIN.
SEVERAL IMPORTANT AMEND
MENTS GO THROUGH.
One Places a Duty of Ten Cents a
Pound on All Tea Imported
Into This Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 4.
The war revenue measure was passed
by the Senate this evening at 7:05
o'clock. The bill was under consid
eration eight hours to-day. A score
or more attempts were made to amend
it, but in only three or four instances
were the attempts successful. Par
ticular effort was made to amend the
bond provision of the measure, but it
was futile In every instance.
The most notable amendment made
to the measure to-day was that offered
by Tillman of South Carolina, placing
a duty of 10 cents a pound on all tea
imported into the United States. The
amendment created no debate and was
adopted by c. vote of 38 to 32. It is
calculated by the Senate experts that
the duty, if it be finally enacted into
law, will raise at least $10,000,000 a year,
and probably more. An amendment
offered by Chilton (D.) of Texas, a
member of the Finance Committee, pro
vides for a tax, graduated according to
price, upon all articles sold under a pat
ent right, trade mark or name not open
to general use and which are not other
wise taxed by the bill.
Through an amendment offered by
L,indsay (D.) of Kentucky the Senate
decided not to place a stamp tax upon
bundles of newspapers, wholly or partly
printed, which weigh less' than 100
pounds.
A tax of 4 cents a barrel was placed
on adulterated (lour ami a stamp tax
of 1 cent on every ticket entitling the
holder to a seat in a palace or parlor
car or berth in a sleeping car, the com
pany selling the seat or berth being re
quired to affix the stamp.
On the passage of the measure every
Republican voted in the affirmative. Hy
parties the vote in favor of the meas
ure was: Republicans, 39; Democrats,
7; Populists 1; Silver Republican. I;
total, 48. Against the bill: Democrats,
20; Populists. 7: Silver Republican 1:
total, 28. The Democrats who voted
for the bill were Caffery, Gorman,
Lindsay. McEnery, Mitchell, Murphy
and Turpie. The Populist was Kyle
and the Silver Republican Mantle.
After the transaction of brief routine
business the Senate resumed considera
tion of the war revenue measure. As
no amendment was pending Allison sug
gested the bill ue reported from the com
mittee of the whole to the Senate.
The suggestion developed several
amendments, and also the absence of a
quorum. Mason, who said he had an
Important amendment, demanded a cail
of tne Senate.
After a delay of fifteen minutes a
quorum was secured.
->iorgan iD.i of Alabama then offered
the amendment of which he grave notice
yesterday, requiring the Secretary of tie
Treasury to proceed with the collection
of the taxes under the provisions of tlfe
income tax law of 1&94. not directly re
pealed by the Dingley bill. If the Secre
tary of the Treasury should refuse to
levy the taxes under the law the amend
ment provides that it shall be the duty <.f
the Attorney General to proceed against
the Secretary of the Treasury to compel
him to perform the duties, and if the At
torney General should r< :":ipc to ta ;o th?t
action, any taxpayer of the United States
may bring tli" necessary action to compel
tli<- enforcement of the law.
Morgan said that full opportunity w.v?
presented by bis amendment to have the
question which it involves settled by the
Supreme Court, for. quite naturally, ai
firmative action taken by Congress on the
subjeel would relegate the entire subject
t>> the Department Court. Congress could
scarcely refuse, Morgan thought, t , pro
vide for another test of the income tax
question, in view of the fact that v «:is
forced to Increase taxation and to bor
row money in order to prosecute the i res
ent war.
With the conclusion of his speech Mor
gan asked for an aye and no vote upon
his amendment. The amendment was re
jected by 35 to "S, as follows:
Ayee— Allen, Ba<-on. Bate, Berry. Butler.
Cannon. Chilton. Clay. Cockrell, Daniel. Faulk
ner. Harris. Heltfeld, Jones of Arkansas. Lind
say. McLaurin, Mallory, Mantle. Martin, Mills,
Mitchell, Money, Morgan, Murphy, l';isrn. Pet»
tigrew. Pettus. Rawllna, Roach, Stewart, Tel
ler. Tillman, Turley, Turple, White — 33.
Noes— Aldrich. Allison. Burrows. Caffery,
Carter. Clark. Davis. Deboe, Elklns. Fairbanks.
Fnraker, Frye, Galllnger, Oar, Gorman, Hale,
Hanna. Hp.nsbrough, Hawley. Hoar. Lodge.
Mcßride. McMillan, Morril!, Perkins, Plan of
Connecticut, Platt of New York. Prttchard,
Quay. Sewell, Shoup, Spooner. Thurston, War
ren, Wellington, Wetmore, Wilson, Wolcott —
3S.
The Senate adopted nn amendment to
the war revenue bill providing for a tax
of 1 cent on every berth in a sleeping- car
and every seat in a palace car sold, as a
substitute for White's amendment. levy-
Ing a tax of a fourth of 1 per cent on the
gross receipts of sleeping- car companies.
Turley (D.» of Tennessee offered an
amendment levying an excise tax of a
fourth of 1 per cut upon the gross n -
ceipts of transportation firms, companies
or corporations doing an interstate busi
ness or a business between a State and a
foreign country. The amendment also
placed the same excise tax upon telegraph
and telephonecompaniessendlng messages
from one State or Territory to another.
The amendment was rejected by 24 to 3S.
Mills (D.) of Texas proposed this amend
ment:
That on nnd after th» 30th day of June, IS9S.
and until the Wth day of June, 1900. in lieu of
the duties now Imposed by law on the dutiable
articles imported from foreign countries there
shall be levied, collected and paid on such
dutiable articlf-s 75 per cent of several duties
and rates of duty now imposed by law upon
said ;irticlps severally, it being the intent of
this section to reduce existing duties on said
articles 2.". p?r cent of such duties.
The vote on the amendment resulted:
Ayes 25, noes 41.
Mason called up his amendment provid
ing for a tax of 4 cents per barrel on ad
ulterated flour, and made a vigorous ap
peal: for its Incorporation in the bill. The
amendment was agreed — 11 to 29.
It requires packages containing mixed
flour to be labeled as oleomargarine. The
tax is to be represented by coupon
stamps, and the provisions regarding to
bacco, stamps are made applicable to
these stamps. .
Pettigrew offered an amendment repeal
ing the law of 1895, authorizing the Sec
retary of the Treasury to issue bonds
without direct authority from Congress.
By an aye and no vote" the: amendment
was rejected— 43 to 31.
Allen (Pop.): of Nebraska offered an I
amendment providing- that no bonds or !
certificates of. indebtedness be issued un
der the proposed act should be used as ;{
basis for National Bank circulation; and
that the Secretary of the Treasury. should
not. have, authority to issue bonds to in
crease the gold : reserve for ' any purpose
without direction of Congress. The
amendment was rejected — 27.. to 42.
Chilton (D.) of Texas offered an amend
ment «placing a stamp tax. -graduated in
accordance with the price, upon "articles,
substances, preparations or compounds
except- for the products and preparations
otherwise provided for in this act that are
made and sold or removed for sale under
patent right; trade marks , or . any, name
or designation not open to general use." r ".
* The tax \ ranges from = one-fourth of : a
cent ;on 5 > cent | articles to our .: cents on a
dollar package, and 2 cents: additional on
every 50 cents or fractional \ part ' thereof
over $1. The amendment was agreed to —
41 to 31.
Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky offered an
amendment providing that no stamp tax
shall be placed on packages of news
papers wholly or partly printed, which
weigh less than 100 pounds
In the course of a discussion of the !
question Allen, Woloott and Aldrich en- ,
tered into the matter of taxing news- !
papers. Alien maintained the tax would i
operate as a hardship upon the country i
preys.
Wolcott held that the .postal facilities I
of the Government were open to all news- !
papers and it was a fact, he said that
the country press did employ the postal i
facilities to the exclusion of the express
companies. The express companies were
used, he said, by the great newspapers i
of the country for the reason that they
could gain time in the delivery of the !
papers to their subscribers. One of the |
most efjuitabie taxes thai could be levied. :
said he, would be a tax on newspaper i
circulations, and the Government would i
have only to accept the newspapers' own !
figures as to circulation to raise a reve- I
nue of $100,000,000 a year.
Considerable time was consumed in dts- •
cussing the amendment, which was firvilly
agreed to. 47—20.
Tillman (D.) of South Carolina offered
an amendment that after July, 1898, a j
duty of 10 cents a pound be imposed upon
the tea imported into the United States. !
The amendment was agreed to, 38—32.
The vote was as follows:
Ayes— Butler. ("affery. Cannon. Carter.
Chandler, Chilton, Cnckrell, Ktkins. Foraker.
Clear, Gorman, Harris. Heltfeld. Jones of Ar- !
kansas, Jones of Nevada, Kyle, Lindsay, Me- ;
bride. Mci.aurln, Mills, Mitchell, Money, Mor-
Kan, Murphy, Perkins, Pettus, Pritchard, Raw
lins. Roach, Sewell. Stewart. Teller, Tillman. '
Tui-ley, Vest. Wetmnre, White, Wolcott— 3B.
Noes— Allen, Allison, Bacon, Baker, Bate,
Berry, Burrows, ("lark. Clay, Cullom, Daniel,
Davis, Oeboe, Fairbanks, Frye, Galllng;er,
Hanna, HarisbroiiKh. Hawley. Hoar. Ijodge.
McMillan, Morrlll, Nelson, Pettigrew, Platt of
Connecticut, Platt of New York, Quay, Shoup,
Spooner, Turpie, Wellington— 32.
An amendment was offered by Petti
grew levying a iax..i a half per cent upon
the value of all articles manufactured by
a trust. The amendment was rejected —
45 to 24.
The bill, which had been considered in
the committee of the whole, was then re
ported to the Senate.
Jn the Senate those amendments which
had been agreed to were adopted.
Jones of Arkansas proposed to amend
the bond provision of the bill by striking
out the words, "after ten years from the
date of their issup," thus making the re
demption of the bonds optional with the
Government within twenty years. The
amendment was defeated, 31 to 42.
An effort was made by Jones of Arkan
sas to make the bonds payable at any
tinif after throe years, at the option of
the Government; but lhat, too, was de
feated, 31 to 42.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina offered
the proposition to establish a postal sav
ings system In lieu of the bond provision
of the* bill. The amendment was rejected
without division.
In lieu of the bond provision, Stewart
offered a provision for the issue of treas
ury notes to the amount of $400,000,000, re
ceivable for Government dues. On motion
of Allen, the amendment was laid on the
table, 54 to 18.
Ttrrpie CD.) of Indiana proposed as a
substitute for the bond provision a prop
osition to Issue $150*000,000 of treasury
notes nf denominations of $5, $10 and $20
and $60, or multiples thereof, the notes to
be redeemable in one year and payable in
three years from date of issue to bear 2
per rent interest, to be good for public
dues and to be used by the Government in
payment of war expenses. The amend
ment was rejected, 28 10 45.
Several minor amendments. were offered
and rejected. As finally completed, the
bill was placed upon its pa^sa^e. It was
passed by a vote of 4S to 2S. the detailed
vote being as follows:
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison. Baker, Burrows. Caf
fery Carter, Chandler, Clark, Davis, iifboe.
Elkins, FaJrbank, Foraker. Frye. Gallinger,
(;,.,ir, Gorman. Hale. Manna. Hansbrough.
Hawley, Hour. Kyle. Lindsay. l-<>dge, Mc-
Rride. McMillan. MoEnery, Mantle, Mason.
Mlti hell, Morrill. Murphy, Nelson, Perkins.
I'lati iConn.). Platt 'N. ST.), Prltchard. Sewell,
Shoup, Sponner. Thurston, Turpie. Warren,
Wellington, Wetmore. Wilson, Wolcott. Total,
4".
Noes— Allen, Bacon, Bate, Berry. Butler. Can
non, Chilton, Clay, Cockrell. Daniel. Harris,
Heltfeld,' Jones (Ark.), Jones (New), McLaurin,
Mai lory, Martin, Money, Pascoe, Pettigrew,
Pettus, Rawlins, Roach, Stewart. Sullivan,
Tlllman. Turley, White. Total,. 28.
Allison moved that the Senate insist
upon its amendments, and that conferees
be appointed.
The motion was agreed to and Allison,
Aldrich and Jones of Arkansas were
named as conferees.
The Senate then, at 7:12 p. m., ad
journed. * -•■■■-'*
LAUNCH OF THE
MARY E. GALVIN.
Mrs. Captain Morine Broke the
Bottle of Wine at tne
Christening.
The fine new Yukon steamer Mary E.
Galvin was launched from the ways at
the foot of Taylor street last evening. An
attempt was made to pet her off in the
morning:, hut unfortunately a small plank
broke at the critical moment and the ves
sel hung on the ways after sliding about
20 feet. Mrs. Morine. wife of E. S. Ma
rine, who is to command the steamer,
christened the vessel, and it was not un
til sifter that ceremony had been success
fully performed that the breakdown came.
The Mary Ellen Galvin is a splendidly
equipped steamer of 1260 horsepower. She
is 200 feet long. 40 feet broad and will
draw is Inches of water loaded. There
are two berths only in each stateroom,
and tli" vessel is fitted out with baths,
bar barber shop, Bmoking room and a
luxurious social hall, and is equipped
throughout with electric lights. She has
accommodations for 235 passengers, and
in comparison with some of the boats that
ply on the Yukon she will be ;: floating
palace. She is owned by the North Brit
ish American Company, of which Pat
Galvin is president. She will leave here
for 1 >awaon on the lith inst.
Captain Charles B. Hanney, who was
bo well known in this city as master at
different times of the ships Somerset
shire Soudan, Simla and Somali, is dead.
lie swallowed a plate of false teeth and
died under the operation that was per
formed t<> remov< ih^m. The deceased
was 56 years old. and was last here in the
Somali.
The schooner Mayflower returned to
port yesterday on account of having car
ried away her foretopmast backstay.
The little Klondike schooner Abbie F.
Morris got in from Boston last night,
after a very Ions; pass Si via the Straits
of Magellan. Her parts of gold hunters
will leave her here and go the rest of. the
way to Dawson by steamer.
x'ure Milk or None.
"T will have pure milk Tor the people \
of this city, or 1 will have none." This :
is the language made use of by Inspector
J. P. Dockery, when he applied for war
rants for the arrest of the proprietor of
the Great Eastern Milk Company, in'
■whose product he found a large quantity
of formuline. Warrants were also taken
out for J. Lapachet, of Sixteenth and
Church streets, and J. \V. Tufts, Belmont
Farm.
Accidentally Shot.
RED BLUFF, June 4.— E. A. Long. r<*
cently from Maurice, 111., was accidental
ly killed here to-night. While loading his
gun the weapon was discharged, tearing
away the top of his hcs.d. Long had a
wife and two children.
DR. PIERCES El FfTRinTY
IS THE BEST ! E^Ew 1 Hit! 1 I
- * v_y - m. Ifi *~+ '- . Kj I—* \5 , A ■■ • ■ .
AS APPLIED BY
M&staam&t* ' D "' PIERCE S ELECTRIC BELT
/^l-ll^M^l^^ WILL CURB When everything else faUs -
flßfeapr*^^^^^^^^. x "iJra^ betters like the following are arriving daily!
ISis*£* s //T f^ r 7'n-'' "^^^i^PaP MOXTROSK. Colo.. May 18 IS9B
Rfil^ ' V -, v k\l--' - - 5a DR - pierce & son } b> " JS
::^ >^---^A^"^J^ ;/ Gentlemen: For the benefit of others I da
,11 i/r'l /\"^x-»>' w l<>^^- I V K and spinal disease. Was almost paralyzed and
li\ 111 1 '-L <y J^i-- Ht V ?2!* l( 2s was polsonod. I contracted these di 3 -
v^Jfcj*2P ; •' i* th by working in lead ores and in foul air
•Joints and poor circulation of the blood- but I am' now pvp? an<J ni sht5 ht - w »th swelling of the
Belt and Appliance, r >•"« ol «™. out i am row ever so .much benetlted by using your
bo, If I had some of your catalogues I would dlstrlhntA tin.™ '"t »v 6 m! ?'^ camps among th 9
; boys as some of them are in need ofsomethinp • tnaV will A he mlnl "S eam P? among tha
medicine. -I -am yours respectfully umelnln B that ulll cure them without taking so much
ICTBuy no Eelt; till you see Dr. .Pierce* s r« n«t «f« CHRIS JOHNSON.
2," which gives price list and tells all "about V Addres^* or wrlte for our, new -'Book No.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3Hs><£<gHS><sHS><sxs>3><e>3><s>^^
If You Pay CJ
a Druggist 451
To fill a prescription and
he pays a commission of
50c to the doctor who wrote
it you have lost just 50c.
Because we pay no com-
mission, and
If You RA r
Pay UsV^
We will put up the same
prescription equally well
and save you that other
50c. We make the same
profit the other druggist
does. i
We compound prescrip-
tions carefully ; carry none
but the freshest, purest
and costliest drugs, and
we do it for half what
the commission druggist
charges.
The Electric Belt
We Sell for $25
We guarantee better than
the advertised belt they
charge you from $40 to
$100.
We are sole agents for
the CLUTHEand SILVER
TRUSS, the best Trusses,
made. Will last a lifetime. .
Call and see them.
Valuable Information. Given to
Users of Morphine.
no.percentagTdrugco
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Fifth and Sixth.
PRESS CLUB,
1:23 Ellis Street. .
RED CROSS BENEFIT,
EXHIBITION AND SALE OF SKETCHES-
BY LOCAL ARTISTS AND ART '■
STUDENTS. Slsi^ US
SATURDAY, JUNE. - \
From 2 to 5 and S to 11 p. m.
£*S FAf t
£M \ *
$
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED '
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forma.
WRITE if you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book. ■'Guide
to Health," free.
F. L. SVVEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco. Cat.' • 
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH, .
IS AT THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING."
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN THE ZOO! ;
MIRTH AND FUN ALL OVER THE
GROUNDS!
Great Show in th; Free Theater." .-
Soldiers in Uniform Always Free. ',
10c, Including Zoo and Theater. Children,
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. ' •
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
ig&a Museum of Anatomy
Jlwli. 1051 ST. let. sth* 7th, S.P. Cii.
(' 2 W The Largest oflMklndin th« World;
SiSl§i»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
;|*6| X Consulta'.loc frcs.' Tlrita lor Hook
v'\ J of Carriage. \
«> « MAILED FREE
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, ■•'
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50 day,
(5 to JS week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire (rrates in every
loom: elevator runs all night. ' -
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 93U
Residence. S2l California street. below
Powell. San Francisco.
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison streets. Pacific Coast
j Baseball League, Championship Pacific Coast,
! to-day at 2:15 p. m. San Francisco vs. Fresno.
j Admission 25c. Ladies free.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
A LANDMARK
BURNED DOWN
Fierce Fire Caused by
Carelessness.
FIREMAN KNOCKED DOWN
NARROW ESCAPE FROM BEING
ROASTED TO DEATH.
Five Dwellings Destroyed and a
Half-Dozen More Saved
by Bucket Brig
ades.
• • • Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 4.
. Fir© broke out this afternoon in the
house at Sixth and Webster streets oc
• CUpled by S. Ringoldsky, a Junk dealer.
; . Five' minutes after the alarm was sound
ed the entire two-story house was in
" flames, and as a fresh breeze was blow
. ing and everything was perfectly dry the
;• lire made great headway.
f". For about twenty minutes the streams
of water made no impression whatever
-• on. the mass of flames, which spread to
two cottages on Webster street and two
■on Sixth street. Not until the root' of the
: , Ringoidsky house fell in was the depart
.- .inent able to cope with the tire. Half an
■ =hx>ur after it started the live dwellings
•■•on -the corner were destroyed, and tne
..•. • names were attacking the rear of the
..'. Oakland Journal office on one Bide and
: tae high warehouse occupied by Walter
: ". • Suell, a house mover, on the Sixth street
'. side. One side of the warehouse was on
•lire, but several streams which were car
•■• rled to the roof were played with good
-.■' effect on the burning mass and checked
.--. the fire before tne Inside of the ware
• House was reached, i
: - While working on the roof of the ware
;•! house, where the heat was almost un
•.: bearable, Austin Bailey, a fireman, was
struck In the face with a hose and knock
■ed down. He rolled along the burning
■ roof and was going to certain death in
. the very center of the flaming ruins when
- his hands struck the cave, which was
■ ■ also on fire. Seeing that it was his only
| escape, he hung: on to the pave while sev
• eral streams of water were centered on
. him and around him until, with the aid
.• of a ladder, ho was saved. He was not
■ more than ten feet from a mass of tire
•' ;of such fierceness that it would have
, scorched him to death instantly, and his
: escape was almost miraculous.
■I -Half a dozen houses on the opposite
■i side of Webster street took fire from
■• • burning embers, but as every housetop
■ was .guarded with a earden hose and
■ Viuckt't brigade, no real damage was done.
■ The rear of the building occupied by the
Oakland Journal was considerably dam
■ .aged, but the plant was not reacxieu by
the tire or water.
• • The house occupied by Ringoidsky was
' . one of the oldest landmarks in Oakland.
It was built forty-four years ago by Dr.
Newcomb, a pioneer, and was in *«uch
condition that it required very little en
couragement to burn down. Ringoldsky
explains the origin of the fire by saying
that he was visited by a friend this after
noon who lit a cigar as he was leaving
the house, and who must have thrown
the lighted match behind him. A few
minutes later Ringoidsky found his house
_ • in names. The place was insured for its
full value, as were also the contents. The
total damage will probably amount to
' This is the first fire the department has
• ha to fig-nt since the new (hie. was ap
pointed and the department partially re
• organized. Chier Hall called 1 out nearly
■ tt« whole Of the department and made a
fr ■ m'-ln a tack on the burning block
effective Bides, and his plan was speedily
Oakland News Items.
_ fI V, K LAM). June 4. -School Director
G. H. Gray and C. L. Pierce presented
the '""I- School with a new Blxteen-foot
flag yesterday.
The Eastern relatives of the late Hart
Morgan have withdrawn their coi I
the will left by Mr. Morgan. Judge Greene
has dismissed the proceedings and noth
ing stands in the way of Charles Mullen
his nephew, now taking the property
Mayor Thomas to-day signed the'anti
pool ordinance, and it is now a law. Tills
.ordinance was drawn by City Attorney
Dow.
Willis Phoenix was to-day convicted of
itbei n Pa< 'lie < !omp
money till at the foot of Broadway on
Mar- h 13. lie will appear on Tuesday fur
ice.
James E. Dopue charges his wife With
willful desertion, and asks the court for
a divorce. The wife was a Miss McClane
of Chicago, where she is now.
The feast of St. Anthony of Padua will
De celebrated at St. Joseph's Portuguese
Church on Sunday at 10:30 o'clock. Rev.
lloria will be the celebrant. Rev.
•Father Cranville deacon and Rev. W.
Kevin subdeacon.
Rev. Thomas P. Boyd, the noted song
evangelist, will ■peak at the Twenty
fourth Avenue M. E. Church at 11 a. m.
and 7:> p. m. on Sunday. Evening sub
■Thc Fun That Kills." The next
will be the gentleman's third week of
meetings.
Less Than a Tenth.
• OAKLAND, June 4.— The appraisement
and inventory of the estate of the late
• Salome Anderson shows $17,021 .".4, and
■ ts Of S2>*>l3 66 cash In th<» I'nion Sav
ings Hank. (1537 68 in thr> Central Hank,
$60 in the hands of the administrator, a
1 lot on Tenth street, by 100, valued at
312,000. a lot in Mountain View Cemetery,
valued at $350. and personal and household
\ ' articles valued at $470 30. In the will were
bequests amounting to more than $200,
*' 000.
Few Changes to Be Made.
OAKLAND, June 4.— The Board of Edu
cation held an executive session last even-
Ing at the home of one of its members
and prepared the list of teachers which it
will elect Monday evening. Neither tho
■ • location of the meeting place nor the
. names selected can be learned, but it Is
admitted there will be but few changes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fSCIENTIFICI
jIITL.)
Science has shown \
that a man can be j j
cured of the use of [
narcotics as easily as \ i
he can be cured of a j
fevet. The Keeley ln- \\
Istitutes of America \ I
have proved this in ' j
500,000 cures. iheU. \\
S. Government has in- j j
dorsed the treatment. \
• ! Send for printed matter that tells all ■ :
5 about It j :
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, j ;
$ 832 N. Main St ., Los Angeles, ! |
5 1170 Market Sl, S?.n Francisco. ! \
5 Fred A. Pollock, Manager. j :
HEARD LITTLE
BUT GOSSIP
Grand Jury Report Will
Soon Be Ready.
HOW POLITICS FIGURED
MAY CRITICISE THE DOINGS OF
TOWNSHIP JUSTICES.
Some Surprise That the Indictment
of Harry Thomas Should
Be Quashed so
Quickly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 4.
The Grand Jury, of which so much was
expected, will sooji Issue its report, which
will undoubtedly show that it has not ac
complished much more than some of its
predecessors. It is one of the most rep
; resentative grand juries that has ever
been empaneled, but there is no doubt
that its deliberations and Investigations
have been considerably hampered by the
influence of politics. Many scandals
known to exist have been probed by this
body persistently and energetically, but
the evidence placed before them has
! amounted to very little but gossip.
The investigation of the water rate
business, of the tales of bribery at the
: City Hall and of other municipal scan
dals brought these matters prominently
before the public, and in this way, per
i haps, some good has been obtained. But
the guilty ones are in no more danger of
! being punished for their misdeeds than
i they were before the jury convene.!.
Some of the grand Jurors are very dis
appointed at the outcome of the trial of
Harry Thomas. They took testimony
clearly establishing the fact that through
the Influence of young Thomas Robert
McKtnzie was induced to give false testi
mony before the Grand Jury. They
authorized the issuance of the indict
ment, and were very disappointed to find
that the matter with which Harry
Thomas was alleged to have been con
n< rit d was not under investigation by
them in any legal sense. For the past
couple of weeks the grand jurors have
been engaged in going over the finances
of the county. The expert. Denshee, has
spent several weeks In the Offices of the
Justices of the Peace, and probably the
Jury may have some recommendations to
make in this regard. The report of the
County Clerk, just issued, showing the
amounts paid to Justices and constables,
especially the enormous charges for mile
age, has received the attention of the
grand jurors. But as these charges are
all declared to he in conformity with the
law the Grand Jury cannot accomplish
any reform.
It is expected that the report will be
ready some time next week and that the
jury will be discharged.
THEY WILL SCALP
MR. VAN BOKKELEN
DIOCESAN TREASURER HAS
MADE ENEMIES.
Rev. Marshall Law and Other Clergy
Object to Being "Rounded Up"
by an Offensive Official.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 4.
When the diocesan convention of the
Episcopal church meets in San Fran
cisco, a determined effort will be made to
secure the ousting of Treasurer Van Bok-
I kolen. Already some theological politics
Is being done, which has for Its pur
pose the removal of the official who has
i made himself obnoxious to several clergy
men in Bishop Nichols' diocese.
The opposition to Mr. Van Bokkelen la
being led by Rev. Marshall V. Law of
. East Oakland, who has figured In many
sensational ecclesiastical episodes on both
sides of the bay. At the last gathering
; of ministers in San Francisco, Mr. Law
created some talk, by charging that politi
cal methods were being introduced into
j the council. Some time later he pub
1 lished a statement crediting Treasurer
Van Bokkelen with knowingly misrepre
senting the financial condition of the
Church of the Advent.
Now the East Oakland rector states that
he has received numerous letters from
clergymen in the diocese protesting
against 'the methods of the diocesan
I treasurer. Rev. Mr. Law's spicy philippic
is as follows:
To answer numerous Inquiries in regard to
the treasurer of the diocese, we would state
I tliat Mr. Van Bokkelen Is not directly elected
j by the convention, but Is chosen by the seven
| directors of the corporation, and then becomes
ex-Ot&CiO treasurer of the diocese. These seven
directors are, however, chosen by the conven
tion. It Is, therefore, not at all likely that If a
resolution adverse to the present treasurer*
retention was passed In open convention It
! would be unheeded by this board of directors.
I Or a petition sent directly to the board of
directors after their election, signed by a ma
' jority of the clergy would also be likely to
jbe heeded. Judging from voluntary expres
sions of clerjry and laity, both personally and
In writing, which the rector has received within
the past two weeks, some such move may be
expected at the coming convention. The office
of diocesan treasurer "carries with it a salary
of $600 per annum, which, for the work re
'' quired. Is excellent remuneration, as the duties
of the position do not interfere with a man's
! regular business. Mr. Van Bokkelen has made
j himself very offensive to the clergy of this
i convocation by rising In the meetings of the
convocation and "rounding them up" in his
: well known objectionable and meddlesome
fashion, and they can be counted on to put
| the machinery in motion to put an end to such
a state of affairs.
School Trustees Elected.
OAKLAND, June 4.— The various school
districts held elections yesterday to se
; lect Trustees. Reports received to-day by
, Superintendent of Schools Garlick show
j the following results:
Alvaradn, Ivans Ralph; Alviso, John Sllva;
Arroyo Valle, k. W. Hall; Castro Valley, D.
i C. Kennedy; CentervlHe. F. T. Dusterberry;
Decoto, John H. Peterson; Eden Vale, S. P.
Il.llinger; Elmhurst, George W. Sommers;
Emeryville, Byron w. Alclen; Eureka, H"nry
Melnlnger; Oreen. M. E. Horton; Harris, W.
B. Lteary; Hays, S. F. Morriil; Highland, R. C.
Bweet; Independent. E. P. Manter; Inman, J.
C. Martin: Laooste, M. A. Cardoza; Laurel,
J. K. Crooks; Lincoln, s. F. Brown; Livermore,
II H. Pitcher; Ix>ckwoo<J, O. W. Hnzelton;
May, Fred Poldweth; Melrose, N. M. Fay;
Midway. J. T. Oetchell; Mission Ban Jose,
Joseph Punderer; Mocho, E. J. Smart; Mount
House. H. C Peterson: Mowry's Landing. J.
M. Brew*r; Murray. Martin Koopman; S'ew
ark, J. Wildermuth; N'lles, E. E. Southwlck;
Olinda, J. C. Fontes; Palomar*-s, M. J. de
Slquera: Peralta, C. H. Allison; Pleaaanton,
George F. Gibson; Redwood. James Rickard; '
Roaedale, Herman Whltlock; Russell, J. P. |
Hensen: San Lorenzo, H. n. Martin; Sheridan,
W Egan; Stony Brook, James King; Summit.
R H Sherman: Punol Glen, Robert Ellis.
Townsend. G. K. Taylor; Union, J. B. Men- :
donca.; X'ullecitos. Frank Frager: Valle Vista, !
J E. Wood; Washington. Mary Lyon; Warm j
Springs, H. R. VaU»y: I'nion Tiigh Schools—
ffo l D. M. Teeter, Sylva,nus Allen; No. 2, j
Oeorce Hadsell, W. Harland. J. W. Craycroft, j
G. A Cash; No. 3, .1. K. Crooks, E. O. Webb.
Death by a Telephone Wire.
OAKLAND, June 4.— The Coroner's ver
dict on the death of W. J. Bluett, a stu- !
dent brake-man on the "peanut" train be- j
tween Nlles and Decoto, Wednesday even- !
ing showed that his death was due to his |
being caught by a telephone wire which
severed the carotid artery and fractured
the vertebrae. The contact with the wire
caused death, although Bjjgntt was thrown
from the top of a car amirun over after
ward.
Board of Health Matters.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— At the meeting of
i the Board of Health last night it was re
ported that there had been twenty-three
deaths during the month, of which three
were accidental. There were thirteen
births— five males and eight females.
'■ Eighteen cases of contagious and In
fectious diseases were reported for May,
including two of diohtheria and seven of
I ecarlet fever.
THE SA:N T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
MANY TAXES
ARE NOT PAID
Water Front Company
Is Delinquent.
FEARS NO CLOUDED TITLE
FRANCHISES NOT USED ALSO
SUBJECT TO TAXATION.
Several Corporations Have Not Paid
Their Share for the Support
of the City Gov
ernment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 4.
The delinquest tax list of' the city of
Oakland shows that thpre is a much
larger delinquency than usual. This is no
doubt owing to the fact that the large
territory north of Oakland, the city taxes
of which are now in dispute, is included
in the district covered by the Tax Col
lector's delinquencies.
By far the largest amount of taxes not j
, paid is that of the railroad company in I
,ts various branches. The Central Pacific
j Company has declined to pay $1890 50 on
: the ferry i depot and slip at the mole., and
$151 70 on the improvements at Long
: Wharf. Charles Goodall, a trustee repre
senting the mortgaged interests of the
water front at the foot of Myrtle and
Market streets, is delinquent for $246 80.
The Oakland Water Front Company
has not paid on nearly all of its claimed i
land. The amounts of $345. $555. $625, *1212
are all unpaid, and will be subject to the |
tax sale to be held on July 2.
The land of the Central Pacific Com- i
pany in \Vest Oakland is taxed for $810, j
• while $41 is due from Charles Goodall as a ;
trustee, and $2 50 from the corporation for
: land in Clinton. All of this territory will
'be sold, but under the present compll- '
cated condition of water front title there ;
1 is little fear of any one purchasing it, for I
i a tax title would appear as a very small
: addition to all the titles and clouds now
j existing.
One of the most peculiar of the state- i
• ments In the delinquent list is the assess-
I ment for $27 38 of a franchise granted five
I years ago to Sdwln K. Alsip of Sacra
mento and Welles Whitmore. The road :
: for which this franchise was granted has j
neven been built, and was to have ex
tended from Thirteenth and Franklin to
' the northern boundry line of the city.
Two rails were put down some years ago, j
: and nothing more was done. Since that ,
j time a resolution has been passed by tHe
I Council declaring the franchise forfeited,
; but it still appears on the delinquent list.
It would, indeed, be a hard matter for
the city Tax Collector to" purchase the
franchise and pay the taxis.
The little California and Nevada Rail
1 road Company has a little over a mil- of
road in this city which is taxed fur $64 42.
; but It is not paid, and as the road has
been in the hands of a receiver for some
time there is not much prospect of the i
I single mile being bought by any tax-title
sharp.
Some of the franchises of the Grove
street line are also taxed and $13 94 is due
from a small piece of road which coven
; nearly the same route as that Included In
the franchise of the old Central-a venue
railroad. This is presumably not puid
on the ground that two franchises along
j the same street cannot be taxed.
Another surprising feature of the list '
'• is the large number of lots credited to i
• "unknown owners." In nearly every block
| there is one or more tracts without an
| owner upon which taxes are delinquent.
CONSTABLE DICTATES
TO THE JUSTICE
NEW VIEWS ON DISTBIBUTING
PATRONAGE.
Justice Clift to Benefit by a Row Be
tween Justice Lawrence and
Constable Weldon.
Oakland Office San Francsco Call.
908 Broadway, June 4.
Justice Lawrence of Brooklyn Town
ship has been boycotted" by Constable
Weldon because he expects Mr. Weldon
to piy a portion of tho rent of the East
Oakland courtroom. The Justice business
in East Oakland is transacted by Justice
Lawrence Constable Glaze and Constable
\\eldon. Since the last election they have
done business in harmony, but now they
have quarreled.
When the three officials first took office
they agreed that they should share the
obligation of rent paying, and for a rear
all went smoothly. At the end of that
period Constable Weldon concluded that
he was taking so much business into the
court and thereby enabling the Justice to
earn so many fees that he was entitled to
free rent. The Justice did not take tin's
view of the case, and for many months
their relations have been strained.
A few days ago Justice Lawrence served
Weldon with a notice to quit, but as he
was in arrears for rent he declined to al
low the constable to remove his chattels.
Weldon, however, is accustomed to cir
cumventing belligerent litigants, and
yesterday morning, before the sun was
iip, he went to the courtroom and took
away his belongings. He now declares
that he will take all the business he can
to Justice Cliffs court in Oakland.
The amount earned by the constables
for the past year is $4!<r>-"> 86, while the Jus
tice earned but $1494. Therefore, on the
ba^ls of a general average, the constables
should have paid more than two-thirds of
the rent. This is the view held by Judg«
Lawrence, and hence the difficulty.
| MONEY TO FEED THE BOYS.
Three More Regiments Coming, Be
sides Hundreds of Farmer
Boys.
OAKLAND, June 4.— The emergency
committee of the Red Cross Society in
i charge of Mrs. I. L. Requa desires dona-
I tions of dollar pieces for its work. It cx
i pects three regiments during the coming
i week besides the hundreds of recruits
arriving dally for enlistment in San Fran
cisco. The ladles have learned that a
square meal is needed by all arrivals, and
i for the past week they have been supply-
The'care of farmer boys, arriving for
I enlistment in large numbers every day, is
! quite a task. The ladies will be glad to
receive special donations for this work.
All money intended for the farmer boys
: should be' sent to Mrs. W. Barton, Hotel
Mttropole, Oakland.
No food Is wanted Sunday, but the la
dies hope there wUI be a good supply
: Monday morning. It may be left at Mor-
I an's store. East Oakland, Agard's store
on Fourteenth street near Broadway,
1 and at the ferry landing in San Fran
cisco. „. _, .
Central Grammar School.
OAKLAND, June 4.— The Central Gram
mar School has graduated its first class
after a two years' course. There are ten
j of the young people, eight of whom took
I the business course and two the manual
! training. The graduates of the business
i class are Mabel Angwln, Raymond E.
Crane, Joseph O. Cunha, Lucille Eisfelder,
Ethel Hughes, May Irwin, Frances Men
gola. Annie G. Peterson.
Manual training— Oscar J. Bacus and
George P. Dimpfel.
J. W. Moss Sent to Stockton.
OAKLAND, June 4.— J. "W. Moss, the
real entate dealer who has been in the
City Jail since his return from Honolulu,
whither he went, leaving a $20uO shortage
in his accounts, was to-day sent to the
State Insane Hospital at Stockton by
Judge Greene. Mr. Moss did not recog
nise his friends to-day, and sat gazing
blankly into space. At frequent interva'3
he refers to the money and the trouble it
has caused him. He declared he could
see a horrid specter in the room, which
looked like a hooded snake made of.
money.
Southern Pacific Surrenders.
• OAKLAND. June 4.— The Southern Pa
cific Company has discarded six daily
tralna in each direction between Oak
land pier and Hay wards. This is taken
aR an admission that it cannot com
pete with the Haywards electric line, as
the trains named are those placed on the
run two years ago to offset the electric
traffic. There are still twelve daily trains
each way and an extra one on Sunday,
which will accommodate all who desire
to travel by steam.
GARGAGE CREMATION. N
Some Opposition to the Proposition
to Establish a Crematory
in Alameda.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— At the meeting of
the Board of Health last evening a repre
sentative nf a garbage cremation com
pany requested permission from the au
thorities to bring garbage from Oakland
across Webster-street bridge for the
purpose of burning it In a crematory now
being built on the marsh near the*shore
of the estuary. He asserted that the cre
mation of such material did not create a
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
lorning— Divine service, followed by a ser-
mon. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Inrnlmj— Sermon and prayer service. Even-
ing — Sermon by the pastor.
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
Rev. H. L. DIetz
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street,
Stelner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
[orning— Sermon and prayer meeting.
Everting— Sermon by the pastor.
[orning — High maps and sermon at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
Church of Corpus Christ!, Alemany
Croke streets.
Salesian Fathers
0"'
Holy Cross, Scott and Eddy streets.
Father McGlnty
[orning — High mass and sermon.
—Vespers and benediction.
Evening
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Martst Fathers >
lorninij— The first communion of the chil-
dren of the church will be given at 8
o'clock: 11 a. m., high mass and sermon.
Evening — Vespers, benediction and s.r-
mon.
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
mass.
Evening — Vespers.
St. Brigld's. Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
torhing — Mass and sermon.
Ve«p«ra and benediction.
Evening —
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
streets.
lorning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
Ing — Vespers and benediction.
St. Dominic's, Stelner and Bush streets.
Rev. Father Pious
[orning — The solemnization of mass and a
sermon. Evening— Vespers, benediction
and a sermon.
St. Francis,
avenue.
Father Carraher
Morning— HlRh mass and sermon at 10:30
o'clock. Afternoon— Confirmation at 4 p.
m. Evening— Sermon, vespers and bene-
diction.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
■•:.-.. ■•.:...
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Frleden
on "The Mystery of the Blessed Trinity."
Evening— Sermon by Rev. Father Maho-
ney on the subject of "Providence."
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
and O'Farrell street.
N'ess
Father Prendergast, V. G
Morning— Sermon by Archbishop Riordan.
Evening— Sermon by the vicar.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont
Paullst Fathers
II o'clock, high mass and sermon.
; — Vespers and benediction.
•Sermon on the Gospel. Evening—
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
Vespers.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
i Morning— High mass
o'clock.
and
sermon
at 11
St. Peter and Paul's, Filbert and
streets.
Salesian Fathers
[orning— High mass and sermon.
Vespers.
Evening
St. Peter's. Alabama street, near
fourth.
Secular Clergy
[orning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
Vespers, sermon and benediction.
Rose, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
lorning— Sermon and hish mass. Evening
— Vespers.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte st
Father Browne
[orning-HiKh mass. Evening— Benediction
and vespers.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue, near
l.ol.. ..-.
Rev. Father Coyle
;lns — High mass and sermon. Evening
r aspen and benediction.
Camp Merritt, Old
Track.
Bay District
Catholic Truth Society
Morning:— 7:30 o'clock and 11 o'clock, the
1 celebration of mass.
■■■■"■■_-:. ?■ ■■■ ■:■-■,»■•- •■■X/.' --/.;•,■.,.;...;.
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. S. Ford
tiers.
-"The Christian's Working Or-
Evening— Children's day exercis-?.
Side Christian,
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
[orning— "Paul's Determination." Evening
— "The Good to Come From the Hispano-
American War."
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-nCth
Uaitlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning— Sacramental sen-ice of baptism,
reception to members and Lord's supper.
Evening— Second lecture on ">?ew Views
of Old Truths as to God, the Creator."
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
forning— "The Spirit Itself Heareth Wit-
ness With Our Spirit." Evening— "A Cer-
tain Man Made a Great Supper and Bade
Many."
'....•• ■ ■ ■ . •- .
. ■.
• • ■
Richmond Congregational, Seventh a'
and citment street.
Rev. P. Coombe
lorning— Communion service. Evening —
"Surprise as a Force, in the Divine Gov-
ernment."
.■-■-.. .
Olivpt Congregational, Seventeenth
Noe streets.
Plymouth Congregutional, Post Btrei-t, :
Webster.
Rev. H. T. Shepard
lornlng— "Gladstone." Evening — "An An-
glo-American Alliance."
Rev. F. B. Cherington
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
! Bible teaching and prayer reading.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—Divine service and sermon.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street,
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
First Congregational, Post and Mason sts.
Rev. G. C. Adams
'Morning — Sermon and prayers.
Sermon.
Evening-
Good Samaritan Mission, Second ■
near Folsorn.
Grace Episcopal Church, California
Stockton Btreets.
Rev. W. I. Kip Jr
turning— Sermon and prayer study. Even-
ing — Son£ service.
Rev. R. C. Foute
lorning— Communion service.
Sermon and pra.ver service.
Evening—
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market.
Rev. J. A. Emery
;Morning— Divine service at
j Evening — Sermon.
11
o'clock.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue
street.
and
Rev. W. H. Moreland
'' Morning— Communion
I Sermon.
service.
Evening —
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio
Rev. D. O. Kelle-
res for the soldiers,
and prayer.
Even-
St. John, Fifteenth street and Julian
nue.
Rev. E. B. Spaldlng
il devotions.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrlsh
and instruction.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
bert streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
and sermon.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, be-
tween Fillmore and Stelner.
Trinity Episcopal Church, Bush street, near
Uough.
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough.
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly
■Sermon and divine service. Even-
Rev. H. E. Cooke
M"i-ning— Communion service and sermon.
Evening— Sermon.
Rev. E. Nelander
and instruction.
Bethel African M. E.. Powell street.
Jack son.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
lorning— "A Divine Messenger Sent to
Daniel." Evening— "Wisdom From God."
Central
Sixth.
Methodist,
Mission Btr.jn,
lit 'A
Rev. C. E. Locke
[orning — Divine service,
by the pastor.
Evening— Sermon
First M. E. Church. Powell and
ton streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
lorning— Sermon and
Evening— Sermon.
Bible instruction.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H.
Evening— Bible lnstruc-
Qrace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
■Sermon. Evening— Song service.
Howard Street M. E., Howard street.
Second.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning— The doxology of the Redeemer.
Evening— Sung service of popular tunes,
and sermon by the pastor.
Potrero M. E.,
streets.
Tennessee and
Rev. D. W. Chilson
iorning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Bible instruction.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
and divine service. Even-
Slmpiion Memorial, Hayes and
Btreets.
Rev. J. Stephens i
and prayer sen-Ice. Even-
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphill
Ing— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
yer reading and sermon.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sucramento street.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth av
and Railroad avenue.
Howard Presbyterian Church, corner
and Baker streets.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
and Bible reading. Even-
Rev. H. N. Bevier
■non. Evening— The recital of
sermon by the pastor.
prayer a
Rev. F. R. Farrand
fc— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
study and sermon.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
W. E. Dugan
lorning— Sermon and religious instruction
by the pastor. Afternoon— Sunday school
at 2 o'clo<*k. Evening— Sermon.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-second
Capp streets.
Rev. A. M. Carson
the pastor.
■Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Wi
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
-"The King's Business. Evening
it Constitutes a Citizen?"
First Unitarian,
streets.
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebblns
service, followed by com-
munion.
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and
streets.
Bush Street Temple, Bush and La
streets.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223
ler street.
Rev. J. 'A. Wells
Rabbi Myers
i by the pastor.
sermon by Dr. Myere.
The Bible. Science and Health, with Key
to the Scripture*
Science Bible Lesson.
The First Divine Science Church,
street, between Geary and Post.
M. E. Cramer
sermon.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ.
Post street.
C. A. Parkin
Morning— Special sermon. Evening— Re-
ligious exercises and sermon.
Theosophlcal Society, Market and
streets.
Marie A. Walsh
Morning — Special sermon on a selected
text. Evening— Sermon and religious in-
struction.
Salvation Army, Market street, near
enth.
Lieutenant-Colonel Evans
-Prayer and song service,
mon and song service.
Even-
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets.
Chaplain of the United States Army
p. m.-An address and religious service
for men only.
Progressive Spiritualists, McAllister
Larkin streets.
Mrs. R. S. Llllle
[orning— Special service. Evening— Musical
spiritual service.
Evangelical Emmanuel Church, 1834
ard street.
Rev. F. W. Fisher
service and sermon. Even-
nuisance and that there was no smoke or
odor from It. The matter was referred to
a committee to investigate and report.
The proposition, however, met with
strong opposition on the part of the peo
ple resident in that part of town nearest
to the crematory. They claim that such
an establishment would assuredly be a
nuisance, and they will make a strong
protest to the Board of Health and Board
of Trustees.
A Life Saving Fender.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— Night before last
a little child, while attempting to cross
Santa Clara avenue, ran directly in front
of a rapidly moving electric car. The en
gineer tried to stop the vehicle, but could
not do so. It was stopped quickly, how
ever, when, to the relief' of all who saw
the accident, the child was found lying on
the fender entirely unhurt. This makes
the thirty-first life saved by the devices
in use on all the linos of the syndicate
system in Oakland, Alameda and vicinity.
It is an invention of a former employe
of the line and has never failed to work
like a charm.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— The pupils of the
High School will give the cantata of the
"Flower Queen" at Armory Hall this
evening.
Fair Oaks Rebekah Lodge of this city
pent a supply of handkerchiefs, socks and
towels to i 'amp Merritt this week, which
was highly appreciated by the recipients.
The Red Cross Society of this city is
making arrangements to aid in giving
iunches to the soldiers at the ferry, and
the public is called to aid in the good
work.
The Alameda and Pacific Cricket clubs
will play the second scheduled game in
the cup match to-morrow at the West
End grounds.
The Salvation Army will give a chil
dren's concert to-morrow evening, at
which a pleasing programme will be
rendered.
Complaint is made that the physicians
of this city are remiss In reporting births
to the health officers in accordance v.ith
law, and it Is proposed by the authorities
to be more strict in the future.
Judge Conlan Honored
Judge Conlan took his seat on the bench
yesterday morning, after spending his va
cation in the East. While in Washing
ton he was admitted to practice before the
United States Supreme Court, and yes
terday showed his parchment to the num
merous friends who called at his cham
bers to welcome him back.
AUCTION SALES.
AT AUCTION.
£s> £* £»
Tuesday . . . June 7, 1898
AT 11 A. M.,
AT SALESYARD,
Corner Market St. and Van Ness Aye., S. P.
(By order of A. W. FOSTER, San. Rafael).
20 Handsome Ponies 20
Sired by the Great Prize-Winning Hunga-
„ rian Stalicn,
IMPORTED CARLISLE.
These Ponies are all broke to harness and
; saddle,- and are of excellent disposition, kind
and gentle.
Also at the Same Time and Place.
i'.-.^r.."-. 2O HEMD OF':G^
Trotting, Draft and
Express Horses
FROM
HENRY PIERCES YERBA 3UENA FARM,
'.- , . SANTA CLARA COUXTY.
Among these are many valuable animals.
- Catalogues are now ready.
Horses and Ponies will be at the yard Satur-
day, June 4.
KILL 1 1' & CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
BASCH AUCTION CO, Inc.,
31U-321 SUTTER ST. TEL. GRANT S7.
BAR FIXTURES,
MANTELS!
By order of court to close the estate of F.
\Y. KRELING, I will sell
MONDAY.
MONDAY June 6. IS9B
At 11 a. m., at
SALESROOMS (321 SUTTER ST.)
TWO HANDSOME QUARTERED OAK
BARS, cost flOyO each to manufacture: 15
SIDEBOARDS; 53 MANTELS; MANTEL,
TOPS; 3 STANDING DESKS. 1 DENTIST'S
CHEST, 3 OFFICES.
A LOT OF BUREAU GLASS FRAMES.
WASHSTANDS, ETC., ETC.
Terms cash.
S. HASr'H. Auctioneer.
RELIEF OF SOLDIERS' FAMILIES.
The Ladies of the Red Cross to Work
All Sunday.
BERKELEY. June 4.— The executive
committee of the Berkeley branch of the
Red Cms? Society held a meeting yester
day afternoon at the residence of Mrs. C.
v. Greenleaf, on Bancroft way. As a re
sult of their discussion tho ladies of the
Red Cross will soon enlarge the sphere of
their duties. It was brought before the
attention of the meeting that some pro
vision should be made for the destitute
families of soldiers who have gone to the
front. Cases of urgent need of relief hr.va
already presented themselves, with which
the Red Cross workers have not been
able to deal. The executive committee
decided that it will at once organize a
special relief committee, whose duty it
shall be to attend to cases of this kind.
As yet the name of the chairman haa
not been announced. The place has al
ready been offered to a lady who has long
been prominent in charity work here, but
it still awaits ace. ptance.
The Red Cross headquarters in the
Hinkle block on Shattuck avenue will be
open all day to-morrow, and the ladies
will continue their work of making ban
dages.
MUNICIPAL WATER SUPPLY.
Citizens of Berkeley Starting a Move-
merit to Secure One.
BERKELEY. June The following
petition is being circulated among the
residents of Berkeley:
To the Board of Trustees, Town of Berkeley:
The undersigned^ citizen? of Berkeley, in order
to place bet ore the public exact information
as to securing a water supply and the proper
and adequate piping of the town, request your
honorable body to appoint a commission of not
to exceed three members, competent to in
vestigate and report upon all the details con
nected with the object in view, in order that
the matter of issuing bond? for a more per
fect water service may be intelligently passed
upon by the voters of the town.
It was drafted by a committee compos
ed of members of the Good Government
Club and the North Berkeley Improve
ment Club, and looks toward some action
on the part of the Board of Trustees by
which the town may . have its own mu
nicipal water supply. Three hundred
signatures have thus far Deen secured.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 4.— Fire broke out
this afternoon in the back parlor of the
residence of Hon. Howard E. Wright,
220fi Atherton street. A curtain blowing
over a small gas stove upon the table
took fire. The flames spread rapidly from
point to point in the room, destroying all
the furniture, including the piano. By
prompt action the blaze was extinguished.
The loss is estimated at 1300.
Moses H. Eastman, president of the
Oakland Paving Company, is suffering
from a fracture of the right hip, the re
sult of a collision between bis own car
riage and a butcher wagon at the cor
ner of Ninth street and University ave
nue.
The Berkeley Pardee Club will hold a
meeting next Monday evening in Golden
Sheaf Hall to hear the report of the com
mittee on by-laws.
Clarence and .Albert Williams, two
boys from West Berkeley, wire convicted
in Judge Cliffs court this morning of
robbing the West Berkeley postoffice.
Sentence was deferred until Monday.
The North Berkeley fire company will
elect officers for the coming term at a
meeting called for next Tuesday evening-.
George Jessen of the class of '19, Uni
versity of California, has enlisted and la
now in San Francisco in one of the vol
unteer companies. Mr. Jessen belongs to
the Zeta Psi fraternity, and is very well
known in college.
THE NORTHERN BAPTISTS.
Will Hold Their Annual Convention
in the First Baptist Church
of This City.
At a recent meeting of the "Northern
Baptists" it was decided to hold the an
nual convention for 1899 at the First Bap
tist Church in this city next May. This
will mark the semi-centennial anniver
sary of the institution of the Baptist
church in California, and in fact the Pa
cific Coast.
The "Baptists of the North," as they
term themselves, number more than a
million communicants, and their three
great missionary societies have Jiist com
pleted the annual convention for this year
at Rochester, N. Y. The society claims
to have expended more than a million dol
lars during the past year in furthering
the work of the society.
The report states that the Foreign Mis
sionary Society has under its supervision
1800 churches with over 200.U00 members
and 2000 ministers. The Home Mission
Society has about 1000 laborers, who sup
ply about 17(W churches a!hd missions.
During the year 200 additional churches
were added to this number, aggregating
for the entire Home "Mission 1900 places
of worship supported by Baptists.
The Baptists of the entire coast are
looking forward with considerable an
ticipation to the convention next May,
and will soon begin the work of arranging
a system for the rendering of reports and
investigations to be submitted during the
coming convention. Dr. Woods, who has
been attending the convention in the
East, has returned to the city, and will
take possession of the First Baptist
Church, which he has conducted for a
number of years.
The Eight-Hour Cases.
Sentence upon the San Francisco
Eridge Company and the John Kelso
Company were continuad until to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock by United
States District Judge dr> Haven, on which
occasion a motion for a new trial will be
made. The defendants wore convicted of
having violated the Federal eifrht hour
law by working their employes more than
eight hours a day on the site of the new
Postofflce building.
1516
THE STEAMER
CENTENNIAL
IS A FRAUD
Was Condemned by Both the Brit=
ish and the Japanese
Governments.
The British Steamers Whitgift and Ning
chow Purchased for Transports by
the Government.
Army officers had a busy time of It
yesterday among the transports. The
British steamers Whitgift and Ning- I
chow have been purchased and by i
Monday will fly the American Hag. The i
Centennial was inspected and turns out i
to be a white elephant. Captain Long i
of the quartermaster's department is j
of the opinion that in the purchase of i
her somebody blundered. Work on the
Zealandia has progressed so far that
th>^ Government began sending stores
to her yesterday, and a corporal's
guard was detailed to see that nothing
was tampered with. On the Colon a
rfw donkey boiler is being put in place,
and one will probably be ready to go
Into the stream with the Zealandia o<n
Tuesday. On the China everything is
at sixes and sevens. The work of coal
ing her is still going on and no one I
knows when it will be finished. The '
question of bunks was held in abey
ance for awhile, but yesterday a gang
of carpenters was put to work putting !
ir> duplicates of the make-believe ac- \
commodations that were provided for I
th<* soldiers on the Peking.
The Centennial was a great disap- j
TWO MORE TROOP SHIPS.
The British steamers Whitplft and Ninprhow werp yppterday purchased by the Government. Tn-mnrrow err
Tuesday they will be turned over to Uncle Sam's representatives and the American flag will be run up at the peak.
Both steamers will be turned into troopships as speedily as possible.
jiolntment to the examining boards
who went over her yesterday. She was
supposed to be ready to go to sea with
. fiSO troops as soon as the stores could
;be put aboard, but Instead of that she
cannot be got ready in a week. She is
'only provided with a small icehouse
and haa no refrigerator. Yet it is
claimed she is ready to carry troops
through the tropics. There in no blower
in the 'tween decks, she is not equipped
in the steward's department to handle
a crowd and the cooking appliances are
very meager. The sanitary appliances
are wretched and the sleeping quarters
of the men have already been described
in The Call.
Captain C. Miner Goodall and Frank
Bragg, secretary of the Marine Engi
neers' Association, assert that the Cen
. tennial was condemned by the British
Government. She was then put under
the Japanese flag, and after a time the
Government of Tokio condemned her.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wild
Wit!) Eczema
Hands and Limbs Covered with
Blisters and Great
Red Blotches.
Scratched Until Almost Wild.
Burned Like Fire. Sleep
Impossible.
Cuticura Brings Speedy Relief,
and a Permanent Cure
at a Cost of $2.
I was a sufferer for eight years from that
most distressing of all diseases, Eczema. I
tried some of the best physicians in tho
country, but they did me little good. Tha
palms of my bands were covered, and would
become inflamed ; little white blisters at first
•' would appear, then they Mould peel off, leav-
ing a red, smooth surface which would burn
like fire and itch; well, there is no name for
It. On the inside of the upper part of both my
limbs, great red blotches, not unlike hives,
\ would appear, and as soon as I oceanic warm,
the burning and itching would begin. Night
after night I would Ho awake all night and
ficratch and almost go wild. I heard of Cuti-
cura Remedies, gota box of Cuticura <oint-
. ment),abottloof Cuticuka REsoLTEvrand
pave them a thorough trial, and after a few
applications 1 noticed the rednesss and inflam-
mation disappear; before I had used one box
thrre was not a sign of Enema left. I can
truthf assert that $2.00 worth of Ccticcra
Remedies cured me.
J. D. PORTE, 1115 Carson St., Pittsburg, Pa.
Itching humor*, torturing, ditfigurlng eczemas, and
•Ttry species of Itching, burning, acsly, crusted, and
pimply .kin and scslp diseases, with dry. thin, and fall-
ing hair, Instantly relieved by a tingle application, and
epeedily and economically cured by Ccticcra Remk-
Wrs, when all else fails.
- lititawt Rrurr akd Srmnr Criti Treatment rom
Evert Humor.— Warm baths wich Citicika Snxr.
gentU anointings with Citiccra (ointment), purest of
emollient skin cures, and mild doses of Cuticor« Re-
•OLTiii, greatest of blood purlßers and humor cures.
Sold throughout the world. PotterDrc<» Cmmi.
Corf, Sole Props., Bo«ton. "CW'Hi'M mj>i^«mjj
«rj_' AliAi»ullU« Blood, Skim, and Scalp," mailed ft**.
She then wandered under the Danish
flag and now comes under the stars and
stripes as a first-class troopship.
The sale of the Centennial was engi
neered by a syndicate formed on Puget
Sound and the members of it were de
lighted when the Danish flag was haul
ed down and the stars and stripes took
its place. Seat-Ue was jubilant over the
transaction, and the Post-Intelligencer
devoted nearly two columns to the
event and a description of the steamer.
The facts of the case have been tele
graphed to the authorities at Washing
ton, and "until they are heard from lit
tle or nothing will be done to the Cen
tennial. In the meantime Captain Long
and the medical board of examiners
appointed by GeneraJ Merritt are pre
paring exhaustive reports.
The Government is going to have
more difficulty in getting competent en
gineers to man the Whitgift, Xing
chow and Centennial. The men have
English licenses, but as the steamers
are now American vessels the engineers
must have American licenses and be
American citizens. Frank Bragg, sec
retary of the Marine Engineers' Asso
ciation, has the matter in charge and
will see to it that all the vessels are
properly manned.
The steamer China has still a por
tion of her Chinese crew employed. The
i coal-passers are at work trimming the
i coal as it comes aboard and they will
remain by the vessel until the white
new is signed on next Wednesday. In
the case of the City of Peking the <"hi
nppe coal-passers remained by the ships
until the white crew was signed on.
The British steamer Whitgift was
purchased from Houlder, Middleton &
| Co., of London, England, through
Meyer, Wilson & Co. of this city. The
i purchase price is not given, but it must
' have been a good round sum, as the
; vessel had a $20,000 charter to take a
general cargo from Portland, Or., to
Vladivostok. She arrived here on May
11 from Calcutta with a cargo of gun
nies and jute, and on May 28 she was
'■ ready for sea. The negotiations for
. her purchase began on that date and
were completed yesterday.
The Whitgift was built by J. L.
Thompson & Sons of Sunderland, Ene
1 land, in IS9F>, and is a fine steel steamer
iof 2925 tons gross and 1880 tons net
register. She is 312 feet long, 41 feet
broad and 20 feet deep. She is a good
carrier and could be fitted out to ac
commodate about a thousand troops.
Captain Bowling and his officers and
all the engineers have their belongings
ashore and will start for England as
soon as the steamer has been handed
over to the Government.
The British steamer Nlngchow came
here from Comox, B. C, with 2825 tons
j of coal, arriving on May 24, and went
i direct to Mare Island, where she is at
i present. Negotiations for her pur
chase were begun when the vessel was
I still on the Sound and they have now
j only been completed. She is a some
: what similar vessel to the Whitgift,
i but ten years older. She was built in
! 18S4 at Glasgow by D. and W. Hender
: son & Co., and is 2708 tons gross and
| 1735 tons net register. She is 350 feet
Jong. 41 feet 8 inches broad and 23 feet
T. inches deep. The Ningchow was
■ owned by the China Mutual Steam
Navigation Company, Limited, of Lon
'• don. She will carry about the same
number of troops as the Whitgift and
| will make a good transport or coal ship.
| Captain Cross and his officers and all
| the engineers will leave the steamer as
■ soon as she is turned over to the Gov
j ernment and will go back to England.
The Iroquois Club is going to present
the Government steamer Iroquois (late
the Fearless) with a handsome punch
bowl and set of drinking mugs. The
colorß of the club are also to be pre-
Bented to the vessel.
A Defective Indictment.
A demurrer to the indictment charging
J. W. Pearson, a stock broker, with per- [
Jury waß sustained by Judgre Cook yestcr- '
day morning. The indictment failed to !
allege the falsity of Pearson's testimony.
and for that reason the court ordered it
dismissed. He Instructed the District At- ,
torney to secure Pearson's reindk-tment
by the present Grand Jury.
Death of a Washington Supervisor.
OAKLAND, June 4.— John Peterson, who
was picked up unconscious on the side
walk Jn front of the Overland House last
evening, suffering from the effects of an
overdose of morphine, died at the Receiv
ing Hospital to-night. It is not known
whether the morphine was taken with sui
cidal intent or hy accident. Peterson,
claimed to be a road supervisor of Cowlitz
County, Washington.
Ladles' tailor-mode suits; latest designs; we
rive credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter. r. t & 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
STABBED IN
JEALOUS RAGE
Wm. Walters Wounded
by His Paramour.
SHE CLAIMS HE WAS FALSE
MAY STEWART, A NOTORIOUS
WOMAN, THE ASSAILANT.
His Injury Is Serious and the Knife-
Wielder Has Been Locked
Up in the City-
Prison.
A lovert 1 ' quarrel prompted by jeal
ousy resulted in William Walters be
ing stabbed by his paramour, May
Stewart, at the rooms of the woman
%t 122 Post street late yesterday after
noon. Walters' wound, which is quite
a dangerous one, was dressed by Dr.
Lord last evening and the man was
then removed to his room in the lodg
ing-house where the woman lives.
She was arrested by Detectives Gibson
and Wren and was locked up at the
California street station charged with
assault with a deadly weapon.
Walters is employed at the Temple
Bar as night porter and has been con
sorting with the woman for some
time. According to his version of the
affair the woman had been drinking
heavily during the day, and when he
went to the room about 5 o'clock in the
evening she accused him of being un
true to her. She attacked him, and in
the struggle bit his finger, and after
ward took a dirk he always carried
and stabbed him in the right breast.
He left the place, and a couple of hours
later while in a restaurant on Pine
street he met Dr. Lord and asked him
to dress the wound. Walters went up j
to the rooms of the doctor, where it
was found that the dirk had pene
trated to the depth of four inches, in-
flic-ting a serious wound, which had to
he closed with three stitches. After
having his injury attended to Walters
determined to have the woman ar
rested, so he notified the police.
May Stewart is a notorious woman,
who formerly conducted a disreputable
house at 316 Stockton street. While
she would say very little in regard to
the cutting, she acknowledged that she
had stabbed her lover. She claims that
Walters has been abusing her for mime
time and that she but recently got rid
of a black eye which he administered
to her about a month ago. Yesterday
afternoon, she says, Walters came to
her room and they quarreled. She was
eating an apple at the time and had a
knife with which to cut the fruit. Dur
ing tho quarrel he struck her in the
mouth, whereupon she swung the knife
around and stabbed him. A badly
Fwollen lip substantiates this part o*f
the woman's story.
A friend of Walters says that both
the parties to the affair have been
drinking hard and that there have been
frequent quarrels between them He
says they had trouble early yesterday
morning and that the woman was
struck by the man. Later Walters
went back to the room and demanded
money from the woman and the talk
ensuing from his request resulted in the
stabbing.
Walters was resting easily last even
ing, and while the wound is serious It
will probably not prove fatal.
A SHAM SUICIDE
JOINS THE NAVY
COWARDLY ACT OF A SON OF AN
OHIO MAYOR.
After Writing Farewell Letters and
Causing Great Sorrow Among
Friends and Relatives,
He Enlists.
For several clays relatives of Ernest L
Baker son of the Mayor of Geneva Ohio
have been searching for his supposed re'
mams at the Morgue, as he is reported to
f7, SSeta^ t a letter tO MIBS Le °™ Spencer
of Healdsburg to the effect that by the
time her eyes fell upon it his life would
be closed by an act of his own hand At
the time of the writing of the letter he
also stated that he had left a trunk at
one of the hotels at Heahjsburg He at
the same time forwarded Miss Spencer his
old valise and. willed her his trunk, mak
ing pathetic references to the fact -that
life was not worth living.
Inquiry at the recruiting office, 20 Ellis
street, shows that I the supposed suicide
the man who so carefully manufactured
what he probably deemed conclusive evi
dence that he had made away with him
self, enlisted in the naval service on
May 20.
Baker is about 25 years of age and is
of medium height and weight, and may
be known by a scar, on the left side of his
face. It is not known why he made an
effort to create the idea that he had com
mitted ' suicide. He } was ; certainly: short
sighted, ' for a list . of. all ■ recruits ;■ is : kept
in such a manner that it would be impos
sible for a man to.be lost in the shuffle
unless he should register under a false
name and. carry- out the deception to the
end.
WILL OBEY HIS COUNTRY'S CALL
The French Government Makes Reauisition on a
Noted Pianist for Service in the Armu,
Monsieur Aime Uichnume. the distinguished pianist and composer, who
has dellg-hted the music-loving public with his masterly playing has' been
apprised through the French Consul located In this city that France has
called on him for military duty, and'Lachaumc, who has a loyal spot in his
heart for the land of his birth, will answer the call of the country to which
he owes allegiance and will leave for France shortly after his arrival from
a concert tour in the southern part of the State.
When Monsieur Lachaume was Interviewed in regard to the course he
Intended to pursue in the affair ho Bald: "Yes, it is trim that I have de
cided to return to my native country a <"1 serve the regulation year in the
army. It is the conscription, you know. According to the law as at presegt
established all citizens of Fram-e are liable to the conscription at the age of
20. This is. as you know, a compulsory enrollment of individuals for mili
tary or naval service. It was established during the French revolution, be
fore which period the armies of my country had been recruited by volun
tary enlistment, just as they are in this free and fflqrioua United States
"I left France just before I reached the age of 20, for I was at the criti
cal point of my musical education at that tlmf>. and to havp joined the army
would have been disastrous to my musical future, for pianos are not part of
a soldier's equipment. 1 consequently escaped the conscription and came
to America, where I pursued my musical studies in an uninterrupted man
ner. But France has lately been rounding up those of her subjects who
have evaded soldier duty, and unless one has been mart? a Citizen of the
United States he is legally hound to comply with he.r decrees. Should I
ever make a visit there they could make it very disagreeable for me, so I
will go of my own volition and have the ordeal over.
"My wife, known as Miup. Pilar Morin, who has achieved great success
In high-class pantomime, will be well provided for during my absence, as
she has accepted a lucrative engagement with May Irwin in the tatter's new
play.
"I will leave for France probably at the end of this month, and the very
first thing that I will do when I arrive there will be to give a grand benefit
concert, by which means 1 hop»- to make enough money to keep me In com
fort during the period of my enforced enlistment, for I can assure you
that tlif* life of a private In the French army ia far from pleasant, and as
to the food— well, your American soldiers can consider their rations as
French dinners compared to the eatables furnished to the French pri
vates."
WHEAT HAS BEEN
A DISAPPOINTMENT
RESUME OF GRAIN TRADE FOB,
THE WEEK.
The Crop of the United States and
Canada Will Be the Largest Yet.
California the Only State
With a Shortage.
The past week has been one of disap
pointment to wheat producers and the
bull element. Liverpool operators, fear-
Ing heavy movement of new wheat to
French markets, caused a general sell
ing of futures to hedge out spot wheat
held In store. The enormous shipments
of wheat from Russia, regardless of re
ports of famine from the interior of Rus
sia, seems a quandary to the speculative
interest. The Russian press claims wheat
is being exported in large quantities when
people in many sections are without food.
The big prices paid by French and Eng
lish importers has put wheat out of reach
of the poorer classes.
The rye crop, which is »-- of the staple
foods of the Russian peasant, was short
last year. The price of this commodity
has also gone beyond the reach of the
poor. Reports from other wheat growing
countries are on tne whole favorable.
The wheat crop of France will be an av
erage one, against a half crop last year.
India continues to export large quanti
ties. The Argentine is not lacking in lib
eral shipments. The tail end of their crop
is nearly reached.
The crop of the United States and
Canada, basing an estimate upon present
conditions, wili exceed any previous year.
California being ahout the only State
showing a crop failure. The prospects at
present point to a crop of 4(X),000 tons
some think 500,000 tons. The latter u^ure
appears unreasonable. To offset Califor
nia, Washington and Oregon will raise
more than enough in excess of their
usual crop to make up for California's
loss. East of the Rockies crop experts
place the growing crops at 650.000,000. The
largest crop heretofore harvested was,
according to the Government Bureau of
Information, 612,000,000. This amount took
in the Pacific Coast.
The almost exhausted stocks of all
wheat producing countries is a matter of
no small importance. The very high prices
prevailing', more particularly during the
past three months, has drained every
farm of its surplus. These supplies have
found their way to market, and, generally
speaking, into consumption. There is
now in the visible supply less than 23,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. V RECEPTION ROOM->o 7
ooisrsxTLT^Tionsr -free.
\ «\»V/(d tiflfhf* ft >^ OIJR SPECIALTY— Crown. Bridie Work
>v \Wrr? UI /»"L |/^H^ and PAINLESS EXTRACTiON.
>ACC\M^ \k A/ S!/ '*?/ji^ '■ r. The r'i. n!c is always, ahead in Advanced
TOk f^i^S^i 0 Dental -Science; No Students Employed
~ zJEff -^ For the Next 30 Dnys Our Prices Will B- •
— ~ZM^ /rf2rJ*'f Wl 1 : "rTLL SET OF TEETH for $4 M) U
"? m^^'^#> l9s GOLn CROWNS. Hk 350 up
— WC^DO Wlf^&^W Abl^THfll imiDOE WORK, per tooth 350 up
- »» C LfW M^OTK'A ftu^' ' "• SILVER FILLING "V un
c-rkr» &t'''''£w''Vk>> *^Tl> cLEA^^^TYf"":::::::::::::::::: 75c u^
']$&■'■ \\ CLEANING TEETH
j/%?&^S\ Extracted A Physician Always in Attendance.
— — 1. _...¥' «^ ■■■\ A FILLED-- skilled operators-lady attendant
TEETH »'A^'- ■••■'*■' Id CROWNED ;■:: PHONE DAVIS 564.
without pai:. - ;.::\"''i. ! Un. i 1.E.. nUINU.
* :■ Office Hours— a.' m. to 10p.- m -i Sundaj-s, 9a ' m.' to 2p.m. • '•.-' •' —
AIME LACHAUME,
000,000 bushels. It is a fair estimate to
say there is not 10,000,000 bushels outside of
the visible supply, making in all 33,000,000
bushels to last. forty-five days before any
new wheat is ready for millers' use.
Ihe daily consumption of the United
States is 1,000,000 bushels per day This
shows 33.000,000 bushels of wheat to carry
the country to the new crop, or a defi
ciency of 12,000,000 bushels. Millers' stocks
are the lowest ever known. It will take
a very largely Increased crop this year to
till up the many holes made necessary by
the depleted carry-over stocks. The
spring ™ h * at " crop is far from being se
cured; there remains much time In which
damage may overtake the crop. The situ
ation at present indicates a declining ten
dency in wheat prices for the next sixty
?n*ih» t Un S and i U]y are generally known
to the trade as bear periods. While the
spot situation on paper is strong the sen
timent which is the chief factor in making
A C' ! ala'a l a ' ! lsl any material advance
Tnli MH r u m ; aY b ° lOOked for afte r
Jul> liquidation has taken place. There
ron'rim/n^V ex " rt extreme low. prices.
Conditions do not warrant any such pre-
tn }Jntu. \ 1 ther enable for producers
to anticipate reasonable returns for their
wheat this year. Those who are looking
Sn an Th, PrCea , WIU S meet disappoint
™ch ideas reign sltuatlon will dispel
Barley remains dull. Oregon and Wash
ington are selling old stocks freely. The
tendency seems downward.
The exhibition of Hungarian ponies
sired by the imported Hungarian stallion
Carlisle, at the yards of Messrs. Killip &
Co.. corner of Van Ness avenue and Mar
ket street, to be sold at public auction
June 7. the property of Mr. A. W. Foster
of San Rafael, is a feature of enterprise
in the breeding of high-class stock for
which Mr. Foster is entitled to great
credit. The public will remember the ex
hibition of these beautiful and valuable
animals at the recent horse shows This
sale is the first by Mr. Foster, who owns
a herd numbering at the present time
about eighty.
Will Conduct a Novena.
A novena, preparatory to the feast of
the Sacred Heart, will be conducted at St.
Ignatius Church. commencing next
Wednesday evening, by the Rev. Father
Calzla. The entire course of instruction
will also be given by him personally to
the members of the League and Confra
ternity of the Sacred Heart.
DAUGHTERS OF JUDAH.
A grand entertainment and ball will be
given by Ruth Lodge No. T. Daughters of
Judah, I. O. B. 8.. in B. B. Hall, on the
evening of the 22d Inst., for the benefit of
the Red Cross Society.
BLACK
Tailor Suits.
Our elegantly made
and fine - fitting Tailor
Suits are acknowledged
best value.
Tailor Suits from $10 to $40,
Black Dress Skirts.
New Designs at $3^
New Designs at $5^
New Designs at $7l 5°5 °
Over 100 Styles to
Select From.
Shirt Waists,
Lawn, Silk, Wool and Sateen.
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
1106 Market Street,
Turk and Mason Streets.
jt- E. MULCAHY.
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. |
i CRIBS; I
! $3.50. I
j{ A HARDWOOD CHILD'S CRIB, I
!<§ BRASS TRIMMINGS, SIZE 60x30 I
I | . INCHES— SPECIAL FOR NEXT ±
|, WEEK................ $3.50 I
f " WE HAVE A COMPLETE I
j % LINE OF BABY CAR- f
:f RIAGES, CHAIRS, CRIBS, <$>
I ' ETC. _ i
I J. NOON AN, I
<$> Complete House- Furnisher, I
1017-1023 MISSION ST.
<J> Phone South 14. Open Evenings.: <|>
<$>.v-.-.,V. r ::*.■-■:- . ' ■ ■ „■ ' <>
ra?f?J\ We Rent all Makes; Few partly
£S£*j^ used for Sale cheap. Send 1 for
mD Samples and Prices.
lifiS^ L. &M. ALEXANDER
CEaS^^^ Agents SMITH PREMIER \
■ ™ -■■- 11Q MONTGOMERY ST., S ,CAL|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE -
SPECIAL
VALUES
I3ST
SILKS, SURADS, CHALLIES, ORGANDIES AND
DIMITIES.
75 pieces NEW WASH SURAHS, best quality, large
variety of styles and colorings, full 24 inches jn width.
50c Yard.
22 pieces EXTRA QUALITY PLAID TAFFETA SILKS, 21
inches wide, all new styles, Swiss manufacture.
$1.00 Yard.
60 pieces BEST QUALITY FRENCH PRINTED CHAL-
LIES, light and dark grounds, latest importations.
37aC Yard.
150 pieces PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, elegant
floral designs, all new goods.
25c Yard.
200 pieces PRINTED IRISH DIMITIES, very latest styles,
warranted fast colors.
25c Yard.
ALL THE ABOVE LINES OF" GOODS ARE
ON EXHIBITION IN OUR DISPLAY
WINDOWS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
STATEmENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY Ai CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York. In the State of New Tor*,
■ on the 31 st day of December. A. D. 1897, '
, and for the year ending on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of ■
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $ 250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $ 688,442 78
Cash market value of all stocks and
' bonds owned by company 1,649,952 60
Cash in company's office 88,80100'
Cash in banks 88.019 78
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans 2.01667.
Rents accrued 1.6*0 80
Premiums in due course of collection 400, 58 ■■
Reserve, reinsurance deposit (cash In
' company's possession) 21,495 48 "
Total assets $2,790,590 67
' LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs
not filed $ 15.470 07
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense 105.251 45
Losses resisted, {301.475 of which is
for the Insured 338,643 57
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less, $2,859,874 16; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1,429,937 OS
Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year, $296,917 34; re-
insurance pro rata 162.960 9 1 '
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc • 25.637 00
Total liabilities $2,077,991 1J •
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $2,944 245 i%
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 68,240 18
Received for rents 68,212 18
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11.863 50
Total income '. 53,050,560 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses $1,463,501 It
Dividends to stockholders 45.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 763.924 04
Paid, for salaries, fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,127 11
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 60,231 IS
All other payments and expenditures 480,165 97
Total expenditures $2,923.949 38
GEO. F. SETVARD, President.
ROBT. J. HILLAR, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thin 3d
day of February, IS9B. . . \ .
E. A. RABENER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C. PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING.
San Francisco, California.
TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE
—OF
Genuine "DTT/^C
ORIENTAL JtiUljij
BY AUCTION
ON
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
June 7th and Bth. at 2 P. M., at
106-108 GRANT AVENUE.
MR. L. BABATON, who has brought this fine
collection, . having struck the city at the wrong
time, is forced to sell his Rare Rugs at any
sacrifice before departing for the East., '
H. H. REED, Auctioneer.
€LEDS, BOATS' ETC.
; ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dogs. Toukon . boats.
pilot iraps to the Klondike. Alaska < outfits.
steam launches and stern-wheel steamer*, with
boilers milt able to burn wood; 60 boats can be
seen at salesroom. - O. ■ W. ICNEASS, Ml Third
St. 'Phone Red 2361. •no_textCURE FOR DREADED CONSUMPTION IS IN SIGHT
Dr\ Pillsbury of the Cooper Medi
cal College has at last succeeded
in finding and separating the
poison of the bacilli of tubercu
losis after years of careful ex
periments*
AT last the alkaloid of bacilli tu
berculosis has been discovered.
This is another great step
toward the production of a cure
for the dreaded white plague,
consumption, and unless all chemljpal
law? turn out to be erroneous will make
an era in the history of medical sci
ence.
The man who has accomplished this
wonderful aehivement is Dr. Ernest S.
Flllsbury, instructor in bacteriology of
Cooper Medical College, this city.
He has been working on his theory
for several years, and now feels that
he has accomplished something that is
sure to produce results beneficial to
the human race.
"I do not claim to have produced a
cure for consumption," said Dr. Pills
bury, "but I do claim to have Isolated
the poison that produces such deadly
results. I cannot find any record of
anybody else ever having done this be
BACILLI OF TUBERCULOSIS MAGNIFIED 1250 TIMES.
Tubercular Nodule in Liver of a Guinea Pig Showing Effect on the Tis
sue of the Poison Generated by Tubercle Bacilli.
From growth made on a subject by Dr. E. Pillsbury.
fore, so I feel that I can claim the right
of discovery.
"My future work will be along lines
that have been proved to be successful
in other deadly diseases, diphtheria for
instance.
"Of course it may take me a long
time to find out the exact nature of the
poison I have isolated, and on the other
hand, I may do it in a few weeks. After
that to figure out an antidote should
not be such a very difficult matter.
Chemical laws are pretty well under
stood, and when a certain component
is known we can always figure out
what will neutralize it. It has never
failed yet."
In order that the lay mind may fully
.grasp the importance and meaning of
Dr. Pillsbury's discovery some expla
nation will be necessary.
The ordinary conception of the way
In which the deadly bacillus does its
work' is that it simply destroys the
fleshy tissue, much after the fashion
of chewing or tearing. But while this
is done to a great extent death always
results long before enough of the tissue
disappears to have produced drath.
Add to this the condition and general
appearance of a consumptive patient
and everything points to the work of
poison that has been generated by the
bacilli.
This same phenomenon has already
been observed in other forms of bac
terial poisoning, and it Is pretty well
understood and can be combated to a
certain extent.
Thiß form of poisoning is called
"Ptbmain poisoning," and the difficulty
of curing it lies entirely in the fact that
It is -so. rapid in its work the patient
frequently dies before a doctor can be
summoned. The ptomain is the poi-
Bon generated by the bacilli that have
come into existence in decomposing
meat or fish— the most deadly variety
being found in shell fish.
If this poison is injected into any liv
ing creature and the known antidote
administered within a few minutes no
evil results will follow. But if the pa
tient be neglected for even a few hours
d^mh is almost certain.
On this basis, common ptomain pois
DR. ROSENAU'S OPINION OF THE DISCOVERY.
"Dr. Pillsbury has certainly made a most important discovery,
but 01 its relative importance we cannot of course judge at present.
Only results can show that. Should it prove the means of discov
ering a cure for consumption its importance is of course beyond es
timate. There have been a umber of extracts made from the pure
bacilli, but I never heard of anybody ever making a pure alkaloid
before."
THE CALL Sunday Edition
oning from lobster is much more deadly
than consumption. In combating this
ptomain poisoning medical science sim
ply makes use of the old and well un
derstood chemical law of "poison and
antidote," which in reality is nothing
more than a certain manifestation of
nature's law — balance.
The nature of ptomain poison be
ing known the antidote has already
be»>n found and whenever it is admin
istered before the patient is in his
"death agony" a cure follows just as
certain as the administering of quinine
cures certain fevers by acting as an
antidote to the poison produced by the
malaria bacilli.
It is on these lines that the dreaded
diphtheria is cured. The so-called
antitoxin that is injected into the pa
tient is nothing more nor less than the
antidote for the poison that causes the
disease.
It is on exactly these same lines that
Dr. Pillsbury hopes to be able to ob
tain a cure for consumption, and It
muft admitted that chemical science
point.- to the ultimate success of his
work.
The discovery and isolation of the
poison, or alkaloid, is surely the first
step toward finding an antidote
What this will be in the case of bacilli
tuberculosis poison cannot, of course
be even guessed at just at the present
stage of development. it may be or
ganic or it may be Inorganic. It may
be some simple alkaloid of the same
character as genuine, or it may be
some form of antitoxin similar to' that
now so successfully used in diphthe
rla.
The principal difference between
HOW TO ISOLATE THE ALKALOID OF
BACILLI TUBERCULOSIS.
According to Dr. Plllsbury's method.
The pure washed bacilli culture is washed in water acidulated
with hydrochloric acid. It is then washed again in pure re-dis
tilled alcohol and then filtered. The fll'iatj is then distilled and the
residue dissolved in water and precipitated with phosmolybdic acid.
Again the product is filtered and the residue broken up with
Baryta water. The barium is then precipitated with carbon diox
ide. The filtrate is then evaporated and the residue exhausted
with alcohol, which gives the alkaloid in a comparatively pure
state.
It is now in the form of white crystals and answers all the usual
tests for alkaloids, such as chloride of gold, chloride of platinuti,
etc., leaving no doubt but that it is the pure alkaloid of bacilli
tuberculosis.
what Dr. Pillsbury hopes to do and
what has been so unsuccessfully at
tempted in the past is that his plan is
on the lines of neutralizing the poison
that produces death, while all other
methods have simply been on the anti
septic principle — i. c., an effort to de
stroy the bacilli themselves, entirely ig
noring the fact that the tiny organisms
THE
DISCOVERY
OF THE ALKALOID
OF
BACILLUS
TUBERCULOSIS.
Puts the Method of Curing
Consumption on a Scien
tific Basis— The Disease
Can Now Be Studied in
the Same Manner as
Other Diseases That Are
Cured Successfully.
Heretofore the Attempts
to Cure the Deadly
White Plague Have
Been Made in
the Dark.
NOW IT IS ONLY NECESSARY
TO
FIND AN ANTIDOTE,
Which Is Almost Sure to
Be Done in a Short
Time.
produced and left in the system any
poison.
Dr. Pillsbury's theory will account
for the cause of consumptive patients
dying even after bacilli hadapparently
disappeared from thu- organism.
In making his experiments in his lab
oratory at Cooper Medical College Dr.
Pillsbury has used billions and billions
of bacilli tuberculosis. In order to get
enough even to make a small test it
was necessary to breed them just as a
farmer would breed chickens or pigs.
This process simply consists of in
jecting a small number of the living
bacilli into a specially prepared veal
broth and keeping it at a temperature
of about 100 degrees. From the tiny
speck at first visible in the compound
the microbes spread all through the
mass of broth in a few weeks.
They were then washed out with al
cohol and water and put into a large
jar for future use.
Of course this washing kills them, but
it leaves with them all of their or
ganic elements.
In this condition the mass of bacilli
looks like a jar of corn meal and can
be handled in much the same manner.
It is from this that the alkaloid is
produced. Dr. Plllsbury's method of
preparing the alkaloid, .«»: poison left
DR. ERNEST S. PILLSBURY,
INSTRUCTOR IN EACTERIOLOGY, COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE, IN HIS LABORATORY.
Dr. Fillsbury ;s the man who is entitled to the honor of having made cne of the most important bacteri
ological discoveries of the decade. In isolating: the alkalord, or active principal, of bacilli tuberculosis he has
opened the dcor to the finding of a cure for con sump ion, the dreaded white plague. Scientifically a cure is
now neartr at hand than ever befor\ Dr. Piilsbury has worked years at his theory and in order to make his
tests has bred billions of bi lions of bacilli tuberculosis.
in the system by the bacilli, is as fol
lows:
The pure washed bacilli cul
ture is washed in water acidu
lated with hydrochloric acid. It
is then washed again in pure
re-distilled alcohol and filtered.
The filliate is then distilled and
the residue dissolved in water
and precipitated with phospho
molybdic acid.
Again the product is filtered
and the residue bmkr-n up with
Baryta water. The barium is
then precipitated with carbon
dioxide. The filtrate is thfn
evaporated and the residue ex
hausted with alcohol, which
glvis the alkaloid in a compara
tively pure state.
It is now in the form of white
crystals and answers all the
usual tests for alkaloids, such as
chloride of gold, chloride of plat
inum, etc., leaving no doubt but
that it is the pure alkaloid of
bacilli tuberculosis.
As a still further proof that it is the
alkaloid of the bacilli tuberculosis, Dr.
Piilsbury injected a small amount of
it into a guinea pig, and although there
was not the slightest trace of the or
ganism in the mixture, the animal dis
played all the symptoms of consump
tion.
A number of scientific medical men
in this cily were questioned in regard
to what they thought of Dr. Pillsbury's
discovery, and while a few were in
clined to be skeptical of the ultimate
result, all agreed that the discovery
was a most important one and almost
sure to lead to beneficial results.
Dr. Gustav Eisen of the Academy of
Sciences thought the discovery of the
alkaloid almost as important as the
discovery of the bacilli itself. Reason
ing from our present chemical knowl
edge it is the most important step
toward a cure for consumption that
hurt ever been made.
Dr. Koseneau of the Government
Quarantine Station said: "Dr. Pills
bury has certainly made a most im
portant discovery, but of its relative
importance we cannot of course judge
at present. Only results can show that.
Should It prove the means Qf discov
ering a cure for consumption its im
portance is of course beyond estimate.
There have been a number of extracts
made from the pure bacilli, but I never
heard of anybody ever making a pure
alkaloid before."
Dr. Pillsbury realizes that he has a
big task before him to figure ~ut the
nature of and the antidote for the
alkaloid he has discovered. But he
makes no secret of his work, and is
only anxious that others shall take it
up, and the sooner a cure for consump
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
tion is discovered the sooner humanity
will be benefited.
Following is a technical paper writ
ten for The Call by Dr. Pillsbury.giving
his reaso-ns for thinking that he is on
the right road toward the discovery of
a cure for consumption:
IT is now known that Instead of bac
teria being harmful from their con
suming to any marked extent the
proteids of the organism and there
by depriving ony of the organs of
their necessary sustenance, the patho-
Uenic action of bacteria is duo to the
chemical products of their metabolism,
either producing a soluble chemical fer
ment which ;-. lits up the i omplex pro
teids of its host, some of the spilt pro
ductß being poisonous, or the bacteria cell
may contain the specific poison as a secre
tion or excretion, a product of assimila
tion.
It should not be hard for us to realize
that these little plants may produce poi
sons that have such powerful effects when
we realize the favorable conditions of the
soil and temperature of their suscep
tible host, both being ideal conditions for
the rapid multiplication of bacteria.
The "period of incubation" of an in
fectious disease is the time required
from the inception of the few bacteria
of variable virulence for them to over
come the natural resistance of the host
and produce, in their peculiar way, suffi
cient poison to cause systematic disturb
ances.
Some of these chemical products com
bine with certain acids forming' salts —
such products are ptomaines or bacterial
alkaloids. If the word ptomaine was
dropped and Instead the term bacterial
alkaloid? used, their composition would
not seem quite so indefinite to so many;
for the bettor known alkaloids derived
from the higher plants as atropine from
the bolk'.donnae, strychnine from the
seed of strychnos, mix vomica. or mor
phine from the poppy,- are In daily use,
and their effects pretty well understood.
The bacterial alkaloids are, like the al
kaloids of the higher plants, variable in
their action in different individuals of a
species and, of course, vary greatly in
their effects upon the different genera of
the animal kingdom.
As an instance of this I can cite S.
Weir Mltchel. who has shown that many
birds are insusceptible to the toxic action
of opium, while a single drop of the
aqueous extract will throw a sparrow Into
a profound stupor. Guinard has shown
that in the cat morphine produces violent
hyperexcitability, great restlessness, agi
tation, hallucinations, dilated pupils, and
if the dose be very large tetanic convul
sions develop.
Harley found that on dogs morphine
acts much as upon man. In the horse
two to three grains of morphine produce
sometimes a slight drowsiness, sometimes
no perceptible effect.
This instance of so familiar a drug
varying so in Its action on different ani
mals shows us that even leaving out the
question of suitability of soil and assum
ing what is not so, that all animals offer
similarly favorable conditions for the de
velopment of bacteria, we can with good
reason assume that the poisons developed
by the so-called pathogenic bacteria i~£
feet only such animals as are susceptible
to the action of their specific poisons.
Rabbits have a great natural resistance
to the action of tuberculosis. Two white
re, M its T inoculated in October, 1897, re-
InocuJated in November and again in Jan
uary with very virulent cultures of the
tubercle bacilli did not succumb. One
killed in March, the other in May, showed
only slight tubercular lesions at the
points of injection. Guinea pigs inoculat
ed with the same cultures died in twenty
and twenty-three days with tubercles dis
seminated throughout the abdominal cav
ity.
Other instances may be given almost
without end and all confirm the theory
that the systemic effects of Infectious dis
eases are due solely to the chemical poi
sons produced by bacteria.
It .has been shown by elaborate experi
mentation that animals may become ac
customed to various well-known poisons
by the administration of gradually in
creased doses and- that the serum taken
from these; animals and injected Into a
normal animal together, with an otherwise
fatal dose of the same poison will so nul
lify its poisonous effects that the second
animal will be' unharmed. Further, suc
cessive injections of serum from such ac
customed, or immunized animals ■ will pro
duce a condition of Immunization against
this "same poison. "'. ' '- '. •'/' v ;: - : '. :
What this "defensive proteid" sub
stance is that is generated In the blood to
produce this Immunity to, or neutraliza
tion of, the poison Is not yet known, but its
effect is that of a chemical and physio
logical antidote. This is also shown by
Nuttall and Lubarsh, who found that the
bactericidal power of the animal serum
did not correspond to the Immunity of tha
animal furnishing 1 the serum.
Now since it hns been shown that the
effects of infectious diseases are due to
the bacterial alkaloids in some Instances
at least and perhaps ferments in others,
does it not follow that the scientific treat
ment of such diseases would consist in
the administration of the chemical and
physiological antidotes of the specific al
kaloid, the prevention of reinfection by
the local use of antiseptics, and the scien
tific nourishment of the body?
Neurin is an Interesting- poisonous bacte
rial alkaloid. In frogs very small amounts
cause complete paralysis of the extremi
ties. The heart beats more and more
slowly and finally stops in diastole. If at
this point atroplne be injected the heart
begins to beat again.
Behring made a great stride when ho
used the serum of an animal Immunized
against the diphtheria poison to neutral
ize an infection of diphtheria In another
animal; but hiß followers incorrectly
translated his discoveries— thought he had
cured the diphtheria by killing the dlph
WHAT DR. EISEN THINKS.
"I think the discovery of the alkaloid almost as important as
:he discovery of the bacilli itself. Reasoning from our present chem
ical knowledge it is the most important step toward a cure for con
sumption that has ever been made."
theria bacilli by the germicidal action of
the serum. So we have "Aseptolin-Ed
son" and like antiseptic mixtures. The
folly of such solutions is apparent when
we realize that to inject sufficient to
make the blood a germicidal solution it
would be death to the blood.
Koch thought to cure consumption by
gradually increased doses of a crude solu
tion of the very poison produced by the
bacillus tuberculosis and to produce an
immunity such as may be done with the
self-limited infectious diseases. If it waa
possible to do this with consumption the
patient should get well of himself, for
surely the diseap" lasts long enough. But
this has been found to be impossible -it
would be like injecting morphine into a
"dope" fiend.
Injecting sufficient tubercle bacilli — even
dead ones— into animals which have been
considered immunized against tubercu
losis produces the characteristic abcess,
and proves that killing the bacteria is not
sufficient to cure the disease.
The many preparations of serum, such
as "Anti-tubercle Serum," "Anti-phthisio
Serum" and similar so-called consumption
cures taken from the horses and mules
which received repeated Injections of
crude tuberculine for the purpose of pro
ducing an artificial immunity are no bet
ter than similar serums taken from white
rabbits which have as much natural im
munity as is acquired by these horses and
mules.
I believe consumption, the terrible whita
plague, is curable, but not on that basis.
I have separated by a modification of
Sonnenschein's process an alkaloid from
tubercle bacilli in pure culture, but so
far have not separated sufficient for full
testing. When the physiological effects
of the pure alkaloid are known it will be
an easier step to produce its antidote,
which may be organic or inorganic.
Syphiiis is a disease having many points
In common with tuberculosis in its path
ological lesions, but it is considered cur
able, and justly so. Its antidote has been,
discovered, accldently perhaps, but still
we have a specific for the disease.
In quinine we have an antidote for tha
toxine produced by the malarial para
site.
I believe the day is not far distant when
the physician will diagnose the infectious
disease to which he is called, not by the
fever chart but by a chemical analysis
of the urine, which carries off these
bacterial alkaloids in solution, and he
will treat and cure h's patient by the
hypodermic administration of the physio
logical and chemical antidotes of tha
known bacterial alkaloids.
ERNEST S. PILLSBURY, M.D.
Curator of Bacteriology, Cooper Medical
College.18
AN alliance between Great Britain
and the United States— that is,
between all countries and peo
ples speaking the English lan
guage—is now fully within the
contemplation of practical poli
ticians. Whether a treaty will soon
be negotiated is another matter.
Politicians on both sides of the water
are at least preparing their own minds
and the minds of the people of Eng
land and America by considering and
discussing the possibility of such an
agreement. By the very act of doing
po they have brought the people of the
two countries nearer together, and in
England a strong popular sentiment al
ready exists in favor of a union.
It would be difficult to fix the period
at which this English sentiment of de
cided friendliness toward America be
gan its present strong and gratifying
manifestation, but, paradoxical as it
may seem, we are inclined to credit the
Venezuela Incident with the awakening
of that respect for us which is so ob
vious an element of the existing feel
ing of the British press and public to
ward Americans.
At least there is no doubt that Eng
lish public men and English society did
not look upon Mr. Ulney's dispatches
to Mr. Bayard, and upon Mr. Cleve
land's message, in the same way as
they struck Borne of us in this country
who did not agree with the President
and his Secretary of State.
Be this as it may, the fact that an
international alliance is desired by
Englishmen of all parties is now one
of the foremost facts of international
politics. If it had not been so before
by reason of the frank confessions of
English sympathy for us in our war
with Spain, and by active and material
aid afforded us by the Government at
THE PRESENT WAR WITH SPAIN AND ITS MEANING.
John W. Foster is one of tha most eminent diplomats in America to-day. He was for many years
counsel for the Mexican Legation at Washington. He has been Secretary of State, Minister to Spain,
agent of the United States in many delicate diplomatic negotiations and the agent of China in her settle
ment of the Japan-China war.
4 General Foster has made a profession of diplomacy, and to-day he is acting as the agent of the De
partment of State in negotiating with Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British Ambassador, and a representa
tive of the Dominion Government at Ottawa, a treaty which shall settle the boundary line between Can
ada and the United States. This diplomatic mission, Mr. Foster explained, prevented him talking as
freely as he might otherwise have done about matters now pending or which may soon come before the
State Department.
WHEN this war is ended Spain will have
nothing left but the peninsula. "
It is possible that Spain will retain the
Canary Islands when the conflict is over,
but not if the war is prolonged.
But I do not think this war will extend over any
considerable period. I don't see how Spain can afford
to prolong it. She has no resources. And if, as is
probable, we destroy her fleets she cannot replace
them. They talk of sending troops to the Philippines.
Spain can never do that. She has not got them to
send. She can raise any number of men to defend
her own coast, but not to send to her colonies.
I have lived in Spain and I know and have the
kindest personal feeling for her leading men. I have
the kindest feeling for the Queen. But I cannot see
how this war could have been avoided. Spain had to
fl CALIFORNIA GIRL'S VIEW OF THE ANQLO ALLIANCE.
THE impression seems to be gain
ing ground in the United States
that English sympathies are en
tirely with America in the pres
ent war.
This is a mistake, for while
the dignified attitude of the President
is warmly praised, the policy forced on
him by Congress is as heartily con
demned by the thinking English public
as it is in other European countries.
I have noticed, during the three years
I have been on this side of the water,
the half-veiled hostility of most Euro
peans toward America and Americans.
I have been at a loss to explain this
except by a feeling of jealousy at the
growing power of so young a nation.
Thh hostility, in spite of the 'various
declarations of neutrality, has now be
openly avowed, in England, as
well us on the C ntinent.
Two of the most reliable English pa
pers, the Xlumw «nd the St. James Ga
Shall we form an
alliance with England
a time when thl Continental nations
intended to prevent war by an un
friendly demonstration against us, It is
now certain by reason of Mr. Chamber
lain's strong declaration in his Birm
ingham speech in favor of an Anglo-
American alliance.
The Call has asked representative
men in various part of the country for
their views. Here are some of the re
plies:
• • •
The present
war with Spain
will pave the
way for Anglo-
American su-
COLONEL
ROBERT G.
INGERSOLL.
premacy in every land where the sun
shines, and the English tongue is des
tined to be the official language of the
world. Even Cassack and Chinamen
will eventually converse in the tongue
of John Bull and Uncle Sam. This
fight over Cuba will lead the way for
the elimination of Spain from the map
of nations. I believe that Spanish
barbarism will be forever crushed be
fore the close of the century beneath
the heel of humanity.
The time is ripe for a union of Eng
land and America to act together in
the name of progress and humanity and
civilize the world. Such a combina
tion will possibly come sooner than we
expect. Let them combine and do it
peaceably, if possible, but by the per
suasive eloquence of the cannon's
mouth, if necessary. It will be a sur
vival of the fittest.
Spain is a good subject to begin on
as an object lesson. No one can tell
where the result of our war with
Spain will end, but I think the best
way to free bleeding Cuba and settle
the war is for the United States to
whip Spain quickly, and give it a
thorough licking while it is at it. It
has deserved it ever since it murdered
our sailors, first in the Virginius af
fair and later when the martyrs of
the Maine were killed while they slept
by Spanish treachery.
I have no fear of European interven
tion in behalf of Spain, because Spain
has no friends, with the possible ex
ception of marriage ties in Austria.
No nation feels like clasping the hand
of a nation dripping with the blood
of murdered sailors of a friendly power.
When we free Cuba let the people
there decide whether or not they want
the island annexed to the United
States. We do not want Cuba unless
she wants us. This war is not waged
to get possession of Cuba, but to free
the Cubans. Personally Ido not favor
annexation. Cuba ought to be free,
and I believe the Cubans are capable
choose between giving up Cuba and fighting the
United States, and if Spain had given up Cuba there
would have been a revolution which would have over
thrown the present dynasty.
This war was inevitable. And since It was inevit
able the sooner it came the better. Spain had been
destroying our peace and interfering with our com
merce and we must have intervened. Since Buchan
an's time it has been the policy of the United States
to free the people of Cuba. In fact for nearly a cen
tury we have had in mind the removal of Spanish
authority from the island.
Spain once offered us great commercial advantages
if we would guarantee her sovereignty by treaty, but
we refused to do so. Twice Spain and France ap
proached us to ask that we assure Spain's control of
Cuba, but we would not do it. Grant recognized the
right of Cuba to be free in his message to Congress in
1869. Secretary Hamilton Fish recognized it when he
zette, both of which are read by the
wealthier and better educated classes
criticize in no mild terms the American
policy.
The Gazette quotes one of the French
papers as saying: "What a service
Spanish arms would render humanity
in destroying, once for all, the pretense
| of American greatness," and adds on
its own account: "There are Germans
who think the same; and both powers
might well be encouraged to speak out
by Spanish success in the Old Bahama
Channel, and then we might be touched
very closely."
It goes on to say that the war has
been brought about by politicians who
hold Mr. Olney's idea of the Monroe
doctrine on one hand and Mr. Bryan's
silver leanings on the other. In a word,
it is a war made by politicians for par
ty purposes or the furtherance of their
own private ends.
And this view Is held by the large
majority of English people.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JUNE 5, 1898. _
of governing themselves. I want them
to add a new flag to the emblems cf
nations. People who can tight as the
Cubans fight are deserving of liberty.
ROBT. G. INGERSOLL.
* • •
"I was great
ly disappointed
when the arbi
tration treaty
nc g o ti a tion
W- H. L BARNES.
with Great
Britain failed a short time since.
"If I had the power, a treaty of alli
ance, offensive and defensive, with
England would go into effect as soon
as it could be formed and made. The
nervous agitation, not to say prostra
tion, its mere suggestion has given Eu
rope proves its necessity.
"Once established it would compel
peace and repress aggression now in
contemplation.
, "We have always operated at the
wrong end of the British lion. The
, time is now come to get around to the
other end and shake a paw with him."
* • •
"It would be
a matter of
im p r o p riety
and indelicacy
on the part of
the Governor
GOV- JAS. H. BUDD.
of this or any State to express his opin
ion as to what policy should be pursued
by the national administration.
"I have full confidence in the ability
of President McKinley and his Cabi
net to manage the affairs of the nation
without any advice from me."
» » *
"I have
thought about
it very little,
but it seems to
me that it is
L. R. ELLhRT.
non s c nse to
talk about such a combination being
formed on an Anglo-Saxon or any other
race or religious basis. The Ameri
cans are not entirely Anglo-Saxon, but
in time will develop a type of their
own which is bound to differ widely
from the traditional men of that race.
"My idea is, tha\>lf an alliance is
ever effected between Great Britain
and the United States it will proceed
on business lines. That is, the two
countries will, by virtue of their com
mercial interests, agree to protect each
other on land and sea against the re
mainder of the world.
"I think the commercial Interests of
England are at the bottom of her pres
ent friendliness, and if, as these inter
ests are developed and examined, it is
seen that they may be promoted by
an alliance, England will become more
friendly.
■'Naturally, if we can make money
by joining hands with the mother coun
try, we will do so. So far this is all
I can see in the talk of an alliance be
tween the two countries."
* • •
While there
has been no
formal propo
sition of an
alliance of any
kind with
JOHN P. IRISH.
Great Britain, we owe to her refusal
to join with the Continental powers in
a representation favorable to Spain
the failure of the latter to make strong
alliances against us.
If we are to emerge from our happy
isolation in this hemisphere, of which
we hold the hegemony, and enter upon
the wider international theater of af
fairs, we must understand in the be
ginning that we accept the duties and
BY GENERAL JOHN W. FOSTER, Ex-United States Minister to Madrid.
England seems to be jealous of her
own possessions in America, and thinks
if the United States establish a prece
dent in interfering in Spanish affairs,
the time will come when her own
American colonies will be' subjected to
the same treatment.
Some of the papers are still exhibit
ing soreness over the Venezuela epi
sode and disclaim any likelihood of an
Anglo-American alliance, and the "bill
ing and cooing going on at present be
tween emotional Anglo-Americans" is
attributed to the lower classes.
Here is a pertinent incident: An at
tempt at a demonstration was made
during the performance of the "Belle of
New York." The British and American
nags were hung together on the stage
and a patriotic song was sung. It was
coldly received, the only applause com
ing from the "gods."
The working classes show great in
terest in the war and their sympathies
are enlisted on the American side. But
the methods of other governments
which exploit themselves in the same
field. None can stand quite alone.
England does so more nearly than any
other power, but she has reached that
position only by reason of many alli
ances. She was at the head of the
European alliance against Louis XIV,
against Napoleon and against Russia
in the Crimean War.
In this Spanish affair we may not see
the end until we apply the match to the
Continental situation by an invasion of
the Spanish peninsula.
Nothing is more likely in the future
of our career than that we must seek
or be sought in alliance. With what
country can we make it if not with
England? Since Washington violated
the French treaty of offensive and de
fensive alliance by his commercial con
vention with England, she has grown
to be our most profitable customer. No
other country can take her place as a
market for the surplus products of our
industry.
The path wherein our feet are now
planted leads of necessity to alliances,
and from our present standpoint Eng
land is likeliest to be our ally.
* * •
J. R. ROGERS,
Sovernor of Washingtor
ance with England is manifestly ad
vantageous to America and should be
viewed with unalloyed satisfaction by
all good citizens. What the future
may have in store is another matter.
I should not favor a hard and fast al
liance for all time with any power
short of the Omnipotent God. All other
forces in the universe are selfish and
partial. It is safe, however, to trust
even Great Britain when her interests
coincide with ours.
JOHN J..DWYER,
Member of th« Democratic
National Committee.
ly, is not, In my opinion, necessary for
our national safety. Such an alliance
does not hold out sufficient promise of
advantage in other respects to make it
prudent for us to undergo the risks of
becoming embroiled in purely English
wars, which such an alliance would in
evitably involve.
The true American policy is that laid
down by the fathers of the republic —
amity with all nations; entangling alli
ances with none.
Our geographical position, our re
sources, our population and our insti
tutions make us superior to the need
of an alliance as a general proposition,
and it would be the height of folly to
enter into a bargain where we have all
to lose and m.-thing very substantial in
sight to gain. The exigencies of a war
— certainly not this Spanish war as it
stands at present — may possibly at
some time require us to seek allies, but
those particular occasions may be
trusted to take care of themselves.
Every year adds to our strength far
more than to the strength of any na
tion on earth, and as we grow stronger
we will become less and less in need of
alliances.
A powerful navy, a small standing
army, with plenty of available educa
ted West Pointers to command the
volunteers when called upon — these, to
gether with a happy, prosperous and
educated people to pay the taxes and
to do the fighting, is the combination
said that autonomy might postpone but it could not
prevent the consummation of Cuba's fight for free
dom.
War has been inevitable since Mr. Cleveland made
the mistake of supposing that Spain could settle the
Cuban question by granting autonomy to the Cubans.
Mr. McKinley inherited that policy and he had to
give it a fair trial. But that trial showed how hope
less it was and how inevitable was the conflict. It
was as Mr. Fish had said— autonomy could only post
pone the freedom of Cuba.
Spain could not offer an autonomous government
to Cuba when she herself had never had autonomy.
It would take a long time to explain the system of
Spanish rule, but briefly it is this: When a new
administration comes in Governors are appointed for
the forty odd provinces; these Governors go out
within a day or two to take control of affairs. They
appoint their prefects and their sub-prefects. Then
the election is held. It always goes in favor of the
Governors. It always will.
Spain's rule in Cuba has been worse than her rule
at home. It could not be expected that she would
break up entirely the system under which so many
representatives of Spanish families have lived on
Cuba, and a system of self-government which would
leave the reins of power in the hands of Spaniards
would be a misnomer.
We had no right to expect the Cuban people to
accept autonomy from Spain. Suppose that in 1778,
when the heroes of the Revolution had been battling
for independence for three years, and after they had
beaten Burgoyne, Lord North had said: "We were
mistaken. We will grant you representation in Par
liament and a voice in the matter of taxation"— for
that the more intelligent and governing
classes are on the side of Spain is
shown by the numerous letters pub
lished every day in different papers.
The Countess of Casa Valencia, wife
of the ex-embassador of Spain to the
court of St. James, is receiving numer
ous letters expressing sympathy for
Spain from the most prominent people,
and subscriptions are pouring in to her
fund to aid the sick and wounded.
The other European powers show
their Spanish sympathies in various
ways. They blame Spain for the mis
government of Cuba, but at the same
time they hold the United States re
sponsible for the continuance of the re
bellion.
The time is not far off when the alli
ance will probably be an accomplished
fact, but the American people must not
think that it has been formed because
of sympathy in the present war, or be
cause of the "blood thicker than wa
ter" principle, which has been so over
done by some of the American papers.
G. B.
London, April 29, 1898-
America needs. All others are unne
cessary and big with innumerable dan
gers.
It must never be forgotten that oui
foreign policy is an honest one, whilt
that of all the leading European peo
ples, England at the head of them, has
been to despoil weaker peoples and to
wrongfully grab territory. When we
are ready to change our national char
acter and follow in their footsteps it
will be time enough to seek allies.
Necessity is the controlling factor in
this problem, and at the present time
we do not need alliance with any na
tion.
WILLIAM P. LORD,
Governor of Oregon.
ments with foreign powers, but there
may arise conditions which would ren
der an alliance necessary and mutual
ly beneficial. I think the interests of
the United States and England are such
as should now bind them closer to
gether.
O L V M PIA,
Was h.— C 1 r
cumstances al
ter cases. At
the present
time an alli-
H. S. PINGREE,
Governor of Michigan
address and what he says about alli
ances with foreign powers: "If once
the camel gets his head inside the tent,"
etc. I favor arbitration between our
selves and all nations. As duels be
tween man and man are a thing of the
past, so should wars between nations
be done away with. War is a game
which, were their subjects wise, Kings
would not play at.
"England's conduct toward our coun
try in the past has not inclined me to
be especially friendly, but she has the
same blocrd, a like civilization and lan
guage with us, and all the while I have
had an inner consciousness that if
trouble should come to her my sympa
thies would be with her. In our pres
ent war evidently she is our friend, and
this fact has made me just now spe
cially friendly to her. I am satisfied
that the peace, prosperity and advance
ment of the world would be promoted
by an alliance of the English-speaking
nations."
•
An alliance
with England,
of a general
character, such
as has been
discussed late-
SENATOR FRYE
of Maine.
SENATOR COCKRELL
of Missouri.
any other nation on earth."
• * •
SENATOR JULIUS
CAESAR BURROWS
of Michigan.
moment. Such an alliance, or, indeed,
any alliance with a foreign power,
would be contrary to the traditional
policy of the United States. If entered
upon at all it should be with great de
liberation. Without careful and ma
which we had entered into the war for independence.
Would our forefathers have done well if they had
accepted this compromise? Would we have been sat
isfied with them if they had?
The Cubans had held out against Spain for three
years. Two hundred thousand troops nad been sent
ag-ainst them — there were 100,000 in Cuba when this
war broke out; we do not know how many have died
sinee — and the report' of our Consuls and of trust
worthy men who went into Cuba last winter was that
the Spaniards held the cities by force of arms; that
they had abandoned the rest of the country, and
that the war might go on indefinitely.
Under the conditions it was our business to in
terfere. Mr. Cleveland thought that we could per
suade the Cubans to lay down their arms under a
promise of autonomy. But no nation has the right to
guarantee what it cannot enforce. The Cubans re
fused to accept autonomy and it was our duty to fol
low out the policy of the United States of half a cen
tury and declare them free. As to Spain, she could
not withdraw from Cuba without precipitating a revo
lution, and so war had to come. I have believed for
two years that it was inevitable and that the sooner
it was over the better.
At one time the United States, not officially, made
overtures to the Spanish bondholders Tor the assump
tion or guarantee of at least a part of the Cuban
debt by this country, but they were not willing to
accept it.
I hope Cuba will not be annexed to the United
States. That is a matter which affects our honor.
We have entered on this war in the name of humanity
and under a pledge that we do not want to annex
Cuba. It would injure us unspeakably if we an
TIMES THAT TRY THE WIVES OF THE SOLDIERS.
THESE are the times that try wom
en's souls as well as men's, and
nowhere more sorely than in the
regular army. Used at all times
to Inconveniences which make
their sisters in civil life stare with
amazement that they should en
dure them, just now their life is more
than ordinarily hard. For, of course, the
regulars are the backbone of the army
and are ordered hither and thither as tue
wind bloweth, and their families are not
left safely behind in their own homes,
but must vacate these quarters to the
next comers.
At almost every post in the country, in
lieu of draperies and bric-a-brac, packing
cases and burlap are the adornments of
halls and rooms, and the housekeeper
struggles along with as few dishes, pots
and pans as she can so that the last
day's packing may be as light as possible.
Instances of the philosophic way in
which she accepts the inevitable are with
SALEM, Or.
I believe that
the United
States should
avoid leagues
and entanerle-
ture thought, I would not commit my.
self upon so grave a proposition. The
admonition of Washington ought tc
make us hesitate to enter upon a policy
which he so- pointedly reprobated. And
yet the world moves, and no one can
tell what a day will bring forth."
* • »
i
ISLAND
LAKE, Mich.,
3a t v rd a y. —
Let our people
read Washing
ton's farewell
SENATOR LINDSAY
of Kentucky.
want to be on terms of close intimacy
with our friends. But we have not yet
got far enough away from old time
American doctrines to be willing to
form international alliances with any
nation in the world— not ever, with our
best friends."
• • •
SENATOR SEWELL
of New Jersey.
' ~ ~ ances of any
kind. However, the present de
velopment of affairs illustrates the
fact which many of us have
been satisfied of for some time
that seventy-five millions popu
lation cannot be controlled on the prin
ciples which governed a few millions
at the time the constitution was adopt
ed. In order to live and have our be
ing we must have a new territorial
policy. The change of power from sail
to steam developed the fact that coal
ing stations are a necessity and that
we should, therefore, acquire the Ha
waiian Islands and construct the Nic
araguan canal.
"While we desire" most friendly re
lations with Great Britain, I do not
think we are prepared as yet to enter
into any negotiation or contract by
which we should be obliged to interfere
outside our own sphere in the policy
of any nation whose ideas may have
been different from ours for a series of
years."
"Our alliance
is among our
selves. . I don't
think we have
occasion for an
alliance with
REP. WALKER
of Massachusetts.
"An opinion
should not be
hastily ex
pressed upon
a matter of
such great
1 ' the war with
Spain we would make an immediate al
liance with Great Britain, and it would
be a firm one. too. From this time
on, we must have ship for ship and
man for man for the ships of Great
Britain or any other power. It is in
evitable that the United States and
Great Britain must co-operate along
out number. For your true army woman |
regards war and the discomforts it en- |
tails on her as a doctor's wife does his i
night calls or his irregular hours or his I
visits to a patient with a contagious dis
ease. It is a sad part of his profession,
but a part, no matter how dire its conse- j
quences. So the army woman— and the
Ideal is probably the daughter of one- of- j
fleer and the wife of another— packs away |
her pretty things and tries to think only ,
of the prizes war can bring— not Its
blanks.
It is told of a family with wide rami- j
fications in the army that the meeting j
of father, sons, sons-in-law and brothers |
at Chickamauga was the first occasion
when all had been together. But the j
pleasure of the meeting was marred by
the knowledge that wives and daughters,
mothers and sisters had been left behind j
to complete the packing. Think of what I
that meant, ye women of the cities, when i
it is remembered that the posts were re
moved from the cities and that all de
pendence for carpentering, packing, etc.,
had. up to that time, been placed on the
soldiers. When the troops were with- \
drawn the women had their own hammer- i
"We appreci
ate the friend
ly feeling ol
Great Britain
and should cul
tivate it W»>
the same lines, and Japan must unit*
with us. The ports of each country
must be open on equal terms to the ves
sels of the other two."
* • *
"The tradi
tions of this
country are
against inter
national alli-
believe that such an alliance will be
necessary in the near future, though
it may not come out of this war. Our
commercial interests are identical with
those of Great Britain to a great ex
tent." —
» • •
a combination against us. It is certain
ly no disparagement of our naval
strength to say that in the event of
a combination of European nations
against us the assistance of Great
Britain would be a very desirable
thing to have."
* • *
* •
"If there
should be a
European com
bina t i o n
against us in
is advisable at any time."
■ ♦ ■
Statisticians claim that the earth will
not support more than about 5,994,000.
000 people. The present population is
estimated at 1,467,000,000, the increase
being 8 per cent each decade. At that
rate the utmost limit will be reached
in the year 2072.
nexed the island now. If at some time in the future,
when the Cubans have had an opportunity to test
self-government, the conditions should become like
those In Hayti, where the people got to cutting each
other's throats, it might be necessary for the United
States to step in, but not until that time.
I do not care to talk about our policy toward the
Philippines; first, because we do not control them yet,
and second because I do not believe in meeting a
difficulty until I have reached it.
Now aa to the ability of our people to cope with
the trained diplomatists of Europe.
Whenever the need shall arise I am sure the man
will be found. It has always been so. The record of
the United States in diplomacy is remarkable. It
equals the record of any of the nations of Europe.
After the revolutionary war the treaty with England
which our commissioners negotiated waa generally
admitted to be a triumph of diplomacy. In the treaty
of 1814 Lord Wellington admitted that we had got
the better of the English commissioners. He made
that statement in Parliament.
As to recent negotiations political prejudice warps
popular judgment of them for the present. But dur
ing the civil war we were most ably represented in
diplomacy by Mr. Seward in the Cabirfet, by Mr.
Adams in London, and by our other representatives
abroad. It is acknowledged that in the treaty of 1883
out of which grew the Geneva Convention, we gained
a distinct advantage. I think we need have no fear
of diplomatic difficulties.
As to our representative? in Congress, it has be
come popular to criticize them and to compare them
with the statesmen of the past to their disadvantasr*
but I think unjustly. =*uvaniage,
army woman tS far- n. feature for the
av^m " to r^ Uch h »^«WP. ; however.
vTsttinS hi Pan*. His betrothed was
den Lf S i Ster °^ the Post when or"
march , at , mght for the troo P s to
hlf f i l daybreak. The young offlecr
hu I r l ed over to the house .where she lived
As the rO,r 0 , her to have hlm on th e "pot
As there was sure to . be uncertainty if
not danger of. death ahead of them s hi
A, naJly consented, and her sister agreed
that such a course of action would be far 1
the best. ;By the - time . everything was *
ready It was -midnight, and when the
groom .left the new wife discovered - that
she had been married with only one slin
per on ;In her nervousness, and exclte
ment she had not noticed the fact. "°^
"I believe in
an alliance of
the English
speaking na
tions of the
world, and I
REP. PERRY
of Kentucky.
"I should re
gard an alii-,
a n c c with
Great Britain
as desirable if
there should be
REP. MEYER
of Louisiana.
"I do not
think an alli
ance between
the United
States and any
foreign nation
REP. BAILEY
of Texas.Governor General Merritt and His Problem: The P h ilif ppi ne
Islands.
Governor-General Merritt Studying the Plans of
the Philippine Islands.
Merritt r the Man and the Soldier,
and How He Won His Very
Important Position-
Concerning the man to govern
the Philippines. Interesting facts
In the private and public life of
: Merritt. Born in North
• New York. Became
a farmer's boy in Illinois. N>-xt a
printer; studied law and went to
w • ] Int. A boy pv-n^ra! in the
v.-.ir. W.is Sheridan's risht hand
cavalry general] fougbl nine bat
tles In t>.-n days, n:i<i always won.
He Ukea President McKinley, and
tor the now war on the
side of the globe.
/"> ENERAL, MERRITT. who goes
' to the Philippines as a Military
J Governor of that Island Empire
•'! the Pacific, is the second in
command of our national army.
He won fame and honor as
Sheridan's chief oflicer in the great bat
ti-:- • f the war. H- was an unrelent
ing warrior, once lighting nine battles
in ten successive days.
His military career is more or less on
rd, but of his .private life little has
been given t" the public.
eral W< si< y Merritt's father, John
Willis Merritt, was a New York lawyer,
having an office at 134 Nassau
■ i. when the boy was born. De
cember I, lvX at c: North ft
street. He was one of eight brothers.
TV- nty months later the law office was
; t 'l Spruce street, the family hav
ing removed to Brooklyn.
Whit Wesley was four years old his
father, having a large and increasing
family, abandoned law for agriculture
and bought a farm at "Looking Glass
Prairie," near Bellville, Hi., not far
fr"iri St. Louis. Young Merritt at
tended the school of the Christian
Brothers, a Catholic institution, at Bell
ville. The Merritts were not of that
faith, but they sent the boy thither be
cause it was a good school. Later he
worked on the farm for three years,
helping his brothers raise corn and
pork, for which that section has always
been famous.
V ;nfr Merritt often drove the farm
team seventeen miles to town, getting
only 13 cents a bushel for his corn.
Everything a farmer produced in those
days was cheap as dirt, and there be
ing little money in circulation paste
board checks circulated in some local
it. • ■s, . and their merchandise seemed
.•■ -high. because it took so much corn. and
]■•>! k t." pay for it.
■•'.. Being a lawyer and a man of a lit
erary' turn of mind, the boy's father
aspired to do something besides rais
ing corn. He started a local evening
ipaper at Bellvllle, called the Ad
vocate, and later a weekly of the same
• name at Lebanon. Both were Dougias
' ".Democratic organs, and, like most of
Democratic Journals of that day,
. were for territorial extension, the an
•''nexation of Texas and the settlement
«.if the vexed and formidable "Oregon
question." by taking possession of the
c&'untry clear to the Pacific Ocean.
'• Young Merritt helped his father and
V '.brothers publish this kind of a Demo
cratic newspaper. He mastered the
DUsiness Of running a country newspa- j
per. taking his turn in looking after
petty details, besides learning to set
type and becoming an expert printer
while but a boy.
At the age of 16 he went to read law
in thp office of Judge Haynie in Salem.
He was making rapid progress when
i;overn<.r BiMell, then a member of
Congress, secured him a cadetshlp tor
VO-st Joint.
Said General Merritt to a Herald re
porter yesterday: "Up to that time T
had no Idea f >f becoming a soldier. My
ambition was to be a good lawyer and
politician, and enter public life. I be
]loved thai my forte lay in the direc
tion of discussion and public speaking.
However, when my father pointed out
the great advantages of a West Point
• <lu<nti on, a careful consideration of
the subject in the light of his experi
ence and ari?uments convinced me of
his wisdom. I accepted his views and
entered West Point. At that particu
lar time the course of study at the
Military Academy was five years. I got
along v<»ry well. I did not stand .high
in- my Haas except In English. Was
»-ather slow in mathematics. I think I
was in the only full five-year class ever
• graduated from that institution.
'Among my classmates were General
Horace Porter, General James H. Wil
son of Illinois, now of Delaware, and
the well-known 1 istorian. General John
M. Wilson, the present chief of engin
eers, and General S. V.. Cushing, just
retired as commissary general; a.so
General Stephen D. Kamseur of Siruth
Carolina. It is a singular fact that
having entered the Confederate army,
he was killed by my command at Win
chester. While he lay BQrtOUSly WOUnd
ed and dying, and very anxious to see
me, I was sent for. But, being in hot
pursuit of the enemy. It was impossible
for the messenger to reach me in tin;".
| I hurried back to Bee my wounded
classmate, but he was dead before I
arrived."
Genera! Merritt has no family. His
favorite nephew, Eaton Merritt, he is
educating at a Connecticut school,
with a view of sending him to West
Point. General Merritt was married in
1871, in Europe, to Miss Caroline W i
ren of Cincinnati. She died in 1893, at
St. Paul, and was buried at West Point,
where the general was superintendent
for five years.
The Merritts originally sprang from
three brothers, who came to America
in 1600, their descendants settling in
W.-stchester, and from that family, it
is said, all the Merritts born in this
country have descended.
Of General Merritt's military' his
tory much has been written. A mere
record of his battles, engagements and
campaigns would fill columns of The
Call. He had many narrow escapes
from death, a notable one at the battle
of Beverly Ford, in 1863, when he was
attacked by a Confederate officer, and a
desperate hand-to-hand contest fol
lowed. He was sabered over the head,
and wculd have been killed but for the
big soft felt hat which he wore, con
taining a big army pocket handker
chief. In this engagement he was sur
rounded and his troops nearly captured.
He fought with a courage and desper
ation ihat won a great victory. Th"
newspapers of the day were filled with
his exploits in that particular enc;i je
ment, and on the earnest recommen
dation of General Buford he wa/i made
a brigadier-general.
Perhaps the greatest ride of his life
was his famous dash through the
Rocky Mountains, when he rode night
and day to the rescue of Major Thorn
burgh's command, hemmed in by the
Ute Indians at the time of the White
River massacre. The soldiers were
surrounded and being slowly shot and
starved to death. A single man man
aged to crawl out one night and escape,
and after incredible suffering reached
Rawlings Station on the Union Pacific
Railroad, nearly two hundred miles to
the north.
A "hurry" telegram was sent to Gen
eral Merritt, then golonel of the Fifth
Cavalry at Fort D. A. Runseli, near
Cheyenne. After reaching Rawlings or
the nearest railroad point to the White
River Indian .agency, General Merritt
had to ride four days and nights con
tinuously with a light supply of food
and ammunition. Thornburgh was
dead and his men were on the point of
starvation, wounded and barely able to
cling to their guns behind their in
trenehments.
Merritt arrived at the break of day,
advanced with yells and scattered the
Indians, who were waiting like coyotes
for the soldiers to die or surrender.
GeneraT Merritt's wild ride through the
mountains will long challenge the re
cord. It is considered remarkable that
he did not kill a horse or a man dur
ing his mountain march.
With Custer, McPhcrson and Sheri
dan, Merritt was called one of the boy
eenerals of the war. Graduating from
West Point but a few months before
THE ;. ; SA'JN ; Fi^i>(Cl»Ou -kjaLTL^ ; SIJjS"DA Y,v ; .; JUNE 5, v ; 1898.
Comroander of the Manila Expeditionary forces and Governor-General of the Philippine Islands.
t
the Civil V.'ar broke nut, he joined the
s nd Dragoons and continuously dis
tinguished himself in the cavalry Ber
vice all through the war. He was
Sheridan's right hand man in the great
campaigns of the Shenandoah leading
up to the battle of Five Forks and the
surrounding and crushing of I
Merritt's six brevets from major to
major-general for hie heroic and irre-
Sistble lighting at Gettysburg, Yellow
Tavern, Kawe's Shop, Winchester,
Fisher's Hi!!, Five Forks and the Ap
pomattox campaign are among his un- :
dying achievements in the great war.
His title of colonel in the regular
army, the Fifth Cavalry, was besi I
on him in IS7G. L«_t, when he v,ua
given command or" the much Kuu h .i.
Department of the Missouri, with
headquarters at Fort Leavenworth, and
subsequently at St. Louis, many so
called experts In military matters
thought it hardly fair to bestow so
great an honor — to shower the golden ;
stars of war — on the youngest briga
dier-general immediately following his
promotion.
General Merritt's military career in
; closely contested engagements, in great
and hazardous campaigns, was always
that of a soldier and a hero. He was
graduated from West Point July"!, 1860.
just before the Rebellion, and reached
a captaincy in the Second Cavalry April
.'>. \~-<V2. and was brigadier of volunteers
June 29, 1862.
And now In a new and globe encir
cling war this brave, sagacious and
j competent man of the people, who in
his turn was farmer's boy, typesetter,
publisher, editor, lawyer, cadet, soldier
! and then a victorious and always con
i quering officer in the great armies of
, the war, is again wanted at the front.
: Those who know him best agree that
I he has a judicial temperament ard is
I eminently fitted for action in civil or
military affairs r> quiring wisdom and
; justice. In appearance Merritt looks
| much like a distinguished Judge.
• • •
T\ T OW that General Merritt is on
|\ his way to the Philippines as
I \ Military Governor of the islands
■ every one is inquiring about the
; nature of the great task before
•
First— The fourteen hundred islands
of the group are to be conquered, the
Spanish forces defeated and the insur
gents pacified. A tropical empire, cov
ering the latitudes of Cuba and Ven
ezuela, in extent covering 700 miles
north and south by ifiOO miles east and
west, filled with scores of races and
tribe?, embracing every shade of cross
bred humanity between Spanish, Indian
and Chinese this territory presents a
problem of good government that only
a typical American can solve.
Some of the islands are yet to be ex
plored and surveyed. Every grade of
barbarism and civilization, from that
of the Malay pirates to steady going
English business men, characterizes the
inhabitants of those far off, dreamy
isles.
Population, 17.000,000: area, 145,000
square miles; mountains, two main
ranges, extending lengthwise of the Isl
ands; highest peak? from 9000 to 10.000
feet: five peaks above 8000 feet. Char
MAJOR-GENERAL /rtERRITT, U. S. A.,
acter of the country, chiefly hilly and I
mountainous, with plateaus and broad ;
valleys between. Dense vegetation
carpets the Philippine world from sea :
to mountain tops; "cuttings" and bare
rocks seldom appear. Geological as
pect—Sea shells in hills and mountains,
indicating volcanic upheavals from the
sea. Much of the elevated country
was belched heavenward at a compar
atively recent date.
''limate— There are three seasons;
cold from November to March, hot i
from March to June, wet from July to •
October. Atmospheric disturbances —
Terrific thunder storms in May and !
June, cascades of water fall in floods i
from the clouds, often devastating |
mountain verdure, sweeping down trees
and rocks in earth shaking avalanches.
Mineral deposits— Rich coal fields, ten
to twenty foot thick veins extending
great distances under bays and pla
teaus. Diamond drills and American
enterprise would soon find millions of !
tons of fuel. Iron ore is in abundance,
of exceptional purity, equal to the Swed
ish ore: no works or smelting furnaces
to speak of in the country; extensive
copper mines.
Gold deposits are diffused through all
the islands, though in what the Span
iards cail "small Quantities." Experts
declare that American skill and in- j
dustry would develop millions in pre- '
cioua metais. Freaks of nature — all I
that is strange and beautiful, unique j
and hideous — appear in the Philippines, j
At the numerous hot springs flowing
over slabs of marble-like formations
one may fry eggs, roast chickens or
tropica? humming birds on the hot por
celain-like rocks, chemically enameled
a dazzling snowy white by the waters.
Animals — everything that moves,
walks, flies and swims inhabits the isl
ands; white monkeys, thirty kinds of
bats, wild boars with tushes a foot
long: deer, wild horses, buffalo, moun
tain goats. 257 species of birds; shell
fish, of varieties as numerous as the
stars in heaven, and big snakes and
lizards believed by superstitious natives
to k<'op off earthquakes if respectfully
treated.
Add to this multitude of animals a
wondrous flora. 4470 different species of
flowers. Products (including almost
every kind of fruit and -grr.in), coffee,
sugar, tea. rice, tropical fruits, with
potatoes, European vegetables, a Ihun
dred kinds of bamboo, and last the\fa
mous Manila hemp, so useful at Amer
ican ; i hangings.; Manufactures— Fab-^
rics of many kinds, including silks and
cotton, fine t hats, mats, ■.; baskets,*; ropes
and twine, exquisite bamboo furniture, !
rattier clumsy pottery, carriages, and
lastly musical instruments,;* on ; which
the natives piny with much skill. v V^'
■ Every Indian must pay ."tribute ;to
Spain of $1 1"; the Chinese pay. a spe
cial tax. v. Spaniards : and half-breeds
must pay a poll tax of $2 50. >, _ .
■ Schools— puebfo must have -a
school, though the. standard is low. The
church control? the education of the
islanders, the priests usually the
teachers. The ' press—Newspapers "are
under strict^ civil and ' church y control; ,
discussion iof European and : ; ; Spanish
politics is i forbidden by law. General
Merritt will soon change all that.
! " The chief i newspaper. El .: Diario ?de
Manila, has been published at the cap
ital since 184 R. \. Languages— lt Is de
clared that I* 1-*"1 -*" •"=*«""•♦ 'lnneiiapos".
not dialects, are spoken in the Islands.
There were 30,000 Chinese there in ISSO,
more or loss adding to the variety' of
tongues heard in that land of humming
birds and earthquakes.
Revenues — Everything and every
body, except a few officials and the
Clergy, contribute to the Spanish treas
ury. The public revenues have fluc
tuated between $15,000/00 and $20,000,000
a year. Commerce — The Philippine
trade, with America particularly, would
have grown immensely but for, the
Spanish restrictions. In ten years,
however, American tonnage doubled. In
18C5 all the imports were $29,444 000. All
MISS LAURA WILLIAMS ON HER ENGAGEMENT TO
GENERfIL MERRITT.
<$> ■ • ■■ •■ / :.■■• ■
<j> Miss Williams is a wealthy society belle of old family, and lives. In
& Chicago. Her engagement to General Merritt was announced when he
.. passed through that city on his way West to take charge of the Manila
"f expedition.
<$. f! \HE statement that our engagement was a sudden affair needs cor
<}> I rection," said Miss Williams in Chicago recently. "The announce
<j> 1 ment may have seemed so, but we have had an understanding for
<$>,' -L some time. Indeed, there was some thought of having the wed
s/ ding take place before ' General Merritt's departure for the Philip
<s> pines. The ■. time -was short for adequate arrangement, so it was de
<?> cided that the marriage should not take place until war matters per-
Mit the general to return to the United States.
"In any event. I would have remained with my parents, for in such
a state of disorder as must for months prevail in the Philippines:, it
would seem the part of wisdom for women to run no risk of hamper
ing those nearest to them."
Mrs. Williams, a handsome woman, with brilliant dark^brown eyes
and head crowned with snowy hair, was present and took* part In the
conversation.
"To those who know them both." she said, "the difference in age
means less than might be supposed. The general is youthful in his
ideas and sympathies.
"Years of travel and experience with people of many countries
have so matured my daughter's judgment as to make her appear older
than she really is.
"The important position she will occupy socially us the wife of Gen
eral Merritt I have no doubt she will fill successfully."
Miss Williams said she had been a student of history, and knew a
good deal about the region which, in all probability, will be her home.
"Naturally," she said, "I have recently made a close study of the
Philippines, and think I shall understand more about the islands and
their inhabitants soon.
"I like. music, of course, but know little of it from a scientific
standpoint. The languages I acquired easily during our residence
abroad. From my childhood we went over every other: summer, re
maining several months at a time. Yes, I have stayed with the family
of Robert Lincoln, when he was Minister to England.
"I had the pleasure of appearing at one of Queen Victoria's draw
ing-rooms with Mr. Lincoln's daughter. We have been friends from
childhood, seeing each other much In town and at our summer homes
near Boston."
exports were $32,000,000. The following
figures show the commercial! business
between the United States and the Phil
ippines alone from 1883 t > 1897:
• • Imports From. ' "-'■- 1 '"'■' Exports To. *■
KM ...... 15.«.........:-....J165.903
HIS:: i0?,.-.:i:2i--.v.» m-fs,
IS*)"'!: ...... 11592 627 15M... '...:.-....".'.' 122.276
-iwi.. ............ . 5 1«: 20<i 1592 v .. :; 124.572
,090 6 305.6T.3 1802 60,914
im""i"' .';:...•■: 9 159.837 i593.:.v.:;; .....; 134.37s
{lit '-■::: 7.008.«2t18M 14.-.466
j«QS ; 4,731.366!15»5.T.T.:;T.'.V.: 119.255
1896.':: I! 4.952.557j15<>6.............. 162.446
J»7."...... 4,353,740!1597.............. 94,597
Never , has' an American . been honored
His pour Days and Nights Continuous Ride to Say«
Thornburgh's Coromand From Indian Slaughter.
The Marvellously Rich Philippine
Islands and the Diversity of In
terests and Peoples There*
with so important a foreign mission as
General M< rritt. This Philippine realm
is an empire of wealth. Experts de
clare the group "the richest islands in
the v\'orld." In proportion to the area
there are more miles of seacoast, more
fertile land, more valuable forests, more
fine mountain farming sites and tillable
acres, more natural resources, with a
marvellously productive climate, than
in any other island domain.
But because of the riotous fertility, j
the climate of perpetual summer and j
the throe h?«rvests a year this problem ■
of government there is all the more dif- j
flcult for even a wise administration to
solve. The successful governor should j
be first a soldier, a lawyer and a man :
familiar with financial and commercial !
affairs.' Fortunately General Merritt is i
an up-to-date American. He has been j
farmer, lawyer, soldier, commander and ,
practically a military governor on our \
American frontier of Indians— the fierc
est and most unruly of races. General
Merritt has been successful and in war |
never lost a battle. He is a vigorous, j
well balanced man, in good health— tall, S
handsoro. strongly built, courtly, dig- j
nified, stately jn his manner and every j
inch a soldier.
The' American governor will find
scope for all 1 is genius in this ocean
kingdom of nearly 150,000 square miles
and 17,000.000 population, representing
thirty-nine provinces with names re
quiring two mor and a boy to pro
nounce. The head of the administration
is the Philippines is :.e captain and
governor general, who resides at Ma
nila. Next to" the Governor of Cuba it
has been the most important and lucra
tive position at the disposal of the
Madrid Government. But these gover
nors have been the bject oi political
removal with every change of the Cabi
net, the official sometimes rer..aining in
office only a few months.
The church officials, the real rulers
of the country, generally remain in
power from decade to decade. In thirty
years there were but two archbishops.
The supremacy of the ecclesiastical
branch of the Government and uncer
tainty of political tenure, it is said, led
the office-holders to loot the treasury
and rob the peopk> remorselessly while
temporarily in power; hence the cor
ruption and oppression, ending in rev
olution.
Under the political system in the
Philippines the heads of departments
consider themselves fortunate if able
to keep their positions one-quarter of
the time allowed ecclesiastical officials
of a corresponding grade. There, as in
Spain, a Niagara of bombast and eocial
display is noticeable. It helps hide the
rottenness of the administration. The
titles alone of the Captain- General fill
a page, embracing all the attributes of
government except authority over the
fleet, which is subject to the Ministry
of Marine in Spain. The Captain-Gen
eral also has a limited jurisdiction in
church matters. If he dies the Lieu
tenant-Governor takes his place under
the title of "second head."
The Philippines are divided into prov
inces subject either to politico-military
governors or alcaldes mayores, who
usually are civilians. When the Gov
ernment is military an assistant Lieu
tenant-Governor, who must have grad
uated as a lawyer, exercises the pre
liminary jurisdiction, but the alcaldes
hold that jurisdiction in their own
own persons. Both dispose in their
provinces of the military authority,
and have the controlling direction of
collecting revenues, being responsible
to the general Administrator of Trib
utes.
Tne provinces are divided into pueb
los (towns or villages), oxner each of
which a native Indian or mestizo (half
breed) is placed, lie is called "Gov
ornor" — the little Governor — and as
sisted by native lieutenants and al
guacils, whose number is regulated by
the extent of the population. This body
•settles all matters of police and civil
questions between natives as to rights
of person and property.
In districts where the Chinese or
their descendants are sufficiently num
erous they are allowed by a special au
thority of the Government to select
delegates to this local body independ
ently of Indian jurisdiction. To a cer
tain extent this body (called Princlpalia
of the Pueblo) is representative and
more or less democratic. The members
are especially charged to assist the
clergy in all matters of public worship
and ecclesiastical authority. They de
termine questions involving amounts
less than forty-four silver dollars; they
collect evidence in # criminal cases,
which is submitted to the provincial
chief, and assist in the collection of the
royal revenues; circulate the ordi
nances of the Government among the
peopie, and last, but not least, are au
thorized to levy an alleged small but
specified contribution in support of
their office and their dignity.
Besides these, there are in every pu
eblo certain functionaries called Ca
bezas (heads) — the barangay. A baran
jray is a collection of the chief of
families or persons paying tribute, usu- •
ally amounting to forty or fifty In
number. They are under the charge of
the Cabeza, who must dwell among
them, and under bond collect the trib
ute due the state. He must settle dis
putes, maintain peace and order, and
collect taxes for payment to the "little
governor" of the pueblos. This Cabeza
also acts as the local lawyer of the
community. He has privileges, one of
which is to affix "Don" to his name,
and in some provinces he can hold of
fice for three years. The "little gov
ernors" of the pueblo are elected an
nually, and next to cock fighting it is
the supreme event of the year. There
are thirteen electors for each pueblo.
A province is ruled by a civil ecclesi
astical functionary. There are special
provisions and concessions allowed the
Chinese, who enter largely into the
population in some districts. As there
are thirty thousand or forty thousand
of the Chinese, they are no small fea
ture In the mixed population.
The chief end of all this machine/,
these local indulgences to the. rural
magnates, is to keep the tax mills
grinding out revenue for Spain. Taxes,
oppressive assessments, fines, for splt«»
or revenge, and confiscation for th •-»
in rebellious protest are among the
many ways of swelling the vast fund
which has kept the Spanish crown
aloft for centuries. Spanish rulers are
supposed to know a good thing' at
sight. Historian Mallat has declared
that of all the colonies founded by-
Europeans these regions are the least
known and the most worthy of be', ig
known
1920
DR. ANITA NEWCOMB McGEE.
Drawn from a photograph.
Dr. Me Gee has just been charged with the selection of all the war nurses for the Government during the present
conflict. Her office belongs to the volunteer branch of the service, and is something entirely new in the military line. She
is at tho head of what is called the Board of '•Daughters." The other ladies on the board are Miss Mary Desha, Miss
Frances S. Nash ami Mrs. Amos G. Draper. Dr. McGee is the only member of the board possessed of medical train
ing, and, therefore, is given charge of selecting the eligible nurses from the hundreds of applicants.
FOR the first time in the history
of the T'nited States women are
being enlisted in the military ser
vice. Dr. Anita Newcomb Mc-
Gee, a patriotic Washington wo
man, has just be-?n charged with
the selection <>f all the war nurses tor
the Government during its prosent con
flict. She is the Dorothea Dix of the
Spanish-American war. Tho surgeons
geueral of the army and navy regard
her office as a branch "bureau of their
departments, though in reality it has
tfleial connection with the Gov
ernment, except in a volunteer capac
ity.
Although it was positively announced
at the beginning of tho war that n^ith >r
SPECIAL SHELL FIRED AT SPAIN BY THE CARTOONISTS LAST WEEK.
the army nor the navy would enlist any
women nurses for the war service, the
plans have just been changed, and Dr.
McGee is fast supplying women to take
care of our brave buys in the hospitals
at Key West, Atlanta and the hospital
ship lately fitted out at New York.
There were women nurses in the late
war, but they were not enlisted in the
military service, being paid from the
unofficial funds of the Sanitary Com
mission. They received but $12 a
month In reward for their tender ser
vices, whereas those who will nurse
the wounded of the present war will
get the full nurse's pay of $30 a month.
Dr. McGee impresses one as being
the ideal woman to rank at the head of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJJSE 5, 18J?8.
the war's "angels of mercy." She is
young and charming, possessing unus
ual magnetism, vivacity and gift of
language. Moreover, she has the blood
of patriots coursing in her veins, be
ing able to boast of three Revolutionary
ancestors, the best known of whom,
perhaps, was General John Bull, who
defended Philadelphia during our
struggle for liberty. She has pursued
special courses of study abroad at
Cambridge, the University of Geneva
and elsewhere on the Continent.
Returning to this country, she
equipped herself for the sciences, and
studied medicine at Columbiaand Johns
Hopkins. She is the daughter of Pro
fessor Simon Newcomb, the great as
tronomer, who has been more honored
abroad than any other of our Ameri-
THE W OMAN WHO JUST BEEN
APPOINTED TO SELECT WAR NURSES
M♦• 4 I flrSt time 1Q ' ? United States women are being enlisted in the military service. Dr. Anita Newcomb McGee, a pa
triotic Washington woman, has just been charged with the selection of all the war nurses for the Government during the present conflict.
S surgeons-general of the arm Z, and nav y re f ard her offl « as a branch bureau of their departments, though in reality it has no official connec
tion with the Government, except in a volunteer capacity.
can scientists, and is the wife of Pro
fessor W. J. McGee, the well-known
ethnologist and geologist. She is one
of the vice-presidents general of the
Daughters of the American Revolution,
having been previously elected sur
geon-general and librarian-general of
that society.
As soon as the present war was an
ticipated she conceived the idea of the
society co-operating with the War and
Navy Departments, and both Surgeon-
General Van Reypen of the navy and
Surgeon-General Sternberg of the army
indorsed the project. In consequence,
she received the appointment which she
now holds, being at the head of the
board of "Daughters" having the selec
tion of the war nurses in charge. The
other ladies of the board are Miss Mary
Desha, Mrs. Francis S. Nash and Mrs.
Amos G. Draper. Dr. McGee is the di
rector of the board, and being the only
member possessed of medical training,
performs the responsible duty of se
lecting eligible nurses from the hun
dreds of applicants.
Already 1500 women have volunteered
their services as war nurses, their let
ters being addressed to the President,
the Secretary of War, Secretary of the
Navy, and to various other high offi
cials. All of these applications, which
are now pouring in at the rate of about
100 a day, are turned over by the de
partments to Dr. McGee. who replies
by mailing blanks to be filled out and
returned to her.
Before they may be placed upon the
list of eligibles women applicants must
prove that they have been graduated
at reputable training schools for nurses.
They must be between the ages of
thirty and fifty, and it is preferred that
they have had practical experience, and
that they be without family ties. They
must be strong and healthy in order to
cope with the unusual hardships of a
military hospital.
Only surgiccl nurses are being called
for, since women trained in the care of
general diseases would have practically
nothing to do in wards filled with men
mangled by shot and shell. Although
during the last war Miss Djx, who per
formed the duties now conferred upon
Dr. McGee refused to appoint women
who were prepossessing in appearance,
no such regulation has been made for
this war, and our brave boys may hope
to be inspired to strength by woman's
comeliness as well as healed by her ten
der skill.
Great care is being: taken, however,
to select only women of the very high
est moral character, and to insure this
individual members of the Daughters
of the American Revolution are co-op
erating in all of the States. No one
will be appointed an "angel of mercy"
without the written indorsement of
some "daughter." Thus it will be seen
that women are managing the affair
entirely, and perhaps no other associa
tion of women could undertake such
responsibilities as the Daughters of the
American Revolution. numbering
twenty-five thousand members, scat
tered in all of the States.
There is a great demand for women
nurses who have had yellow fever and
who are immune from the disease, but
so far not a single one has been found.
Women of various nationalities are
making application, but only citizens
of the United States are accepted.
Trained colored r.urses have been
placed on the eligible list to be called
upon when needed.
COST OF THE PRESENT WAR
ANYBODY who thinks that war is a little diversion should
read the interesting reports of Chairman Dingley of th.9
House Ways and Means Committee in presenting his war
revenue measure.
He frankly admits that the expenses of the preparations
for defense made by the United States recently have been at the rate
of twenty-five million dollars per month, or three hundred million
dollars per year, and he adds the interesting statement that "the
expenses of actual war will bs much more."
The increase of the regular army from a peace basis of about 15,
000 men to a war basis of 60,000 enlisted men, and the increase
in the pay cf privates from $13 to $15 60 per month, with a corre
sponding increase in the pay of non-commissioned orflcers, shows
where a part of the money will go.
It is estimated that it will cost to feed the 60,000 regulars and
125,000 volunteers nearly $40,000 a day, or 20 cents per man.
This, of course, does not include the cost of arming, clothing and
equipping of the troops.
After the war has been fought and the victory won the victor
will have the right to claim an indemnity, but the question is
whether Spain would be in a position to pay us anything, in view of
the fact that its 4 per cents are selling at a little over 30, and it is
straining every nerve to raise the money necessary to carry on the
war. She may pay us by offering us some of her territorial posses
sions in the Atlantic.
In that event, unless we could sail these possessions for cash, our
war debt would be left unpaid and would be added to the existing
permanent obligation of the Government.
Government bonds have been the basis of the circulation of our
national banks, and the rapid payment of these bonds since the close
of the war led to fear that within a short period our banking sys
tem would need to be radically changed.
The present war will probably put an end to this fear, and also to
recent efforts to change the basis of security for the issue of national
banks.
Senator Hale said yesterday that he wished to put himself on
record by stating that should the war last a year it would cost
between seven and fight hundred million dollars.
Politics now enter into the Congressional discussions and
delays matters greatly.
As soon as the Senate took up the war revenue bill Hale
declared that the war would cost seven hundred millions or
eight hundred millions a year. Jones of Arkansas said that much
may be spent, but there was no necessity of spending over four
hundred million dollars. He said that the most extravagant esti
mates of the Secretaries of War and Navy would not exceed three
hundred million dollars a year, and they have replied that none
of the estimates were much more than half the actual cost.
The late war was never so expensive. No wars were so ex
pensive as those involving the sending of troops to other coun
tries.
These war nurses will be uniformed
in white dresses, caps and aprons. Each
will wear a badge in the form of a
red cross of enamel, surrounded by a
'circle of blue enamel. Upon the cross
will be inscribed "Hospital Corps," and
along the blue circle "Daughters of the"
American Revolution." Upon each
apron will be neatly stenciled the wheel
insignia of the Daughters of the Amer
ican Revolution.
Unless Spain disregards the treaty
signed by her, the United States and
sixteen other governments, in 1864,
whereby it was agreed that in all fu
ture wars the sick and wounded and 
their attendants would be considered
as neutrals, -the. red cross badges worn
by these women will be' sufficient pro
tection against the enemy. The red
cross flags surmounting all of our hos
pitals, whether they be general, field
or floating, must be as strictly respect
ed during the war as though they were
flags of truce, and any attempt against
the safety of any one protected thereby
would be frowned upon by every en
lightened nation of the world.
No women nurses will be sent to-
Cuba. If any are delegated to field
hospitals they will do service only in
this country- Of course, none will be
permitted aW>ard any of the naval ves
sels, since the gentler sex are forbidden
quarters on all ships in action. Speak
ing of naval nurses, it may be of in
terest to add that Congress must make '
some appropriation before any nurses,
male or female, may be appointed as
such. Some male nurses have been en- '
listed in the navy as ship's cooks, that
they may draw the nurse's salary whilo
performing his duties. No woman will
be taken aboard the naval hospital
ship Solace.
Dr. McGee will take pains that her
corps may be the best equipped woman
war nurses ever employed. When the
Civil War broke out there wasn't :i
trained nurse in the country to answer
the call of the Sanitary Commission,
whose nurses were mostly women who
had simply practical experience in hos
pitals or at home. Almost every large
rity, especially of the North, now
boasts of several training schools for
nurses.
Twenty-five nurses will be attached
to each regiment in the field, and if all
of these nurses are to be graduates of
training schools a great many of them
must be women. Many of the women
•who have already volunteered are doc
tors of medicine willing to perform any
duties, and some are sisters of charity.
Rev. Dr. Alvah Hovey has resigned
the presidency of the Newton (Mass.)
Theological institution (Baptist), his
resignation to take effect on the Ist of
next September. "For forty-nine
years." says the Watchman, "Dr.
Hovey has served Newton as a teach
er, and he has j'ist completed thirty
years in the presidency."
Queen Wilhelmina of Holland -will
come of age August 31. and then her
betrothal with Prince Bernhard of
Saxe-Weimar will be published. The
young Queen has not been willing to
entertain the notion of marriage, and
some think it may be because the
Salic law yet prevails in part in the
Netherlands, and by the constitution of
the kingdom she must give up the
throne to her son, should she have one,
when he shall be IS years old.AT HEADQUARTERS RECEIVING
INQUIRING VISITORS AND
RENDERIN G ASSISTANGE.
IF you would view patience on a
monument go visit the Red Cross
Society. If you would see tact and
kindliness working hand in hand to
calm ruffled tempers ad check hys
terical tears, go spend an hour with
the Red Cross workers. If you would
learn that to ask senseless questions is
a misdemeanor, go listen to the human
interrogation points that come in never
ending train to hurl their nonsensical
questions at the defenseless ears of
these in charge of the Red Cross
roc-ms.
But every visitor, man, woman or
child, be the mission one of folly or
importance, is listened to graciously,
passed on to the committee that has
charge of the matter inquired about,
and sent away in an amiable frame of
■ g instant stream of
I g in the three rooms
- S kels building that
as the headquarters for the Red
has been
:i few short weeks,
hardiy enough I I set a sewing
circle in g i ng rd~r. yet it is
swing - . a tremendous
bs as easily and smooth
ly as though months had been spent in
g the running of its machin
ery. The secret of this remarkable
ies in two words — good com
mit t- b
There is a committ-^ for every matter
of importance. The duties of the va-
■ - . : • ■■ --: lap. The
given definite instructions
suit is order and efficiency.
I the master hands at the wheel —
m — are Mrs. W. B. Har
::rs. J. F. Merrill and the oth
valiantly forward to
5] r..-ib;lity. and accom
-•-ming impossibility. It
has take: gy, clear brains
and infinite tact to bring this about.
the werii of the society
n that division has at last been
I >neers— -Mrs. Har
rington has j . charge of the
- of the Red Cross
Merrill baa assumed her du
ties as president of the San Francisco
h.
The president and officers each do
the i ten women, and yet were
every minute an hour they could not
a!i the demands made
upon them. Almost every °ne who en
ters the rooms inquires for the presi
■
There are always two ladies who
: guard, one on each side of the
•he main room, and they in
ih~ nature of the business of aJI
:uer.
What can I do for you?" A thou
sand times a day they put the ques
uod the reply is generally "I want
Mrs. Harrinp:
"That is impossible. She is attending
to a very important matter. But if
you wish to leave a message for her I
will take it in to ht-r when she is iis
engaged, and you can come back f>r
If y..u will tell me what yon
want perhaps I can attend to it, or
turn | ■ to the committee that
can g . -.. :: I rmation that you
want."
Nine-tenths of the people see the wis
ir.d the folly of ex
pecting the pr- - • • meet all corn-
Hut the tenth! She happens on
an ay ■ twice a day. Watch the
sentinels at the d<>or and you can tell
when they are dealing with this spe
cies. Th:y square their shoulders and
aely fight inch by inch until they
reduce the pursuers of the officers to
submission to the general rules.
There was one interrogation point
whose colossal persistency has placed
her in the front rank of her genus.
•Mrs. Harrington is now president of
th«- State League, is she not?" was the
question with which she opened her
batteries.
An affirmative reply.
"1 would like to see her at once."
"Thai la impossible; she is busy. You
win bare to wait if you wish to see her
•.My."
"I cannot wait; my time is valua
ble."
Mrs. Harrington's."
1 suppose Mrs. Merrill, the
INDIVIDUAL WORK WANTED,
By MRS. L L. DUNBAR.
Secretary California Red Cross Society.
1 SHOULD like to reply through The Call to numberless inquiries re
ceived by the Red Cross League containing requests that they be
given some especial work.
To those throughout the State, and in the city as well, who have
offered their services and have not been assigned to any particular
post, let me explain that we have more willing hands and hearts than
ye can assign duties to.
But there cannot be too many on the membership roll of the league,
md as members of the Red Cross you are expected to seize every oppor
:unity to give your services to the cause.
If you are not assigned to any particular duty, that does not mean
:hat any individual work which you may see fit to do will not be of
ralue.
The time will come when those now doing assigned work will have tc
ac relieved by members wno have not had especial duties. There will be
plenty of work for everybody.
WORK OF THE RED CROSS SOCIETY.
president of the local league, will do,"
another tack.
• Mrs. Merrill cann t see ar.y one un
til this afternoon."
"I never heard of anything so ag
gravating. Very well, then, I":l talk
Its. L'ur.bar. th- secretary- I
r about it yesterday, but I h..
had an answer yet."
"It will be imp --r I S< Mrs.
Dunbar now. If y written to
her you will n- - soon
as possible." .
"I don't want to wait for an answer.
I want to find out now."
"Write down what you want to know
and I will take it in as scun as ;
ble. and bring you a reply."
"1 supi at :here is nothing else to
do. But I won't write it down. You
can ask her. I wan: to know when
the rest of the badges will be in? I
want to wear mine to-morrow."
And th~ sentinel lives to tell the tale.
In fact. she summoned sufficient
strength at the time to p ;r.t to a large
printed sign, pasted conspicuously un
the door:
"NO MORE BADGES WILL
BE IN THIS WEEK."
The interrogation point walked meek
ly out of the room, a sadder if not a
woman.
Every day the entire gamut of emo
tion is run.
There are those who bring with them
smiles, there are tears for some, sighs
for others, but there is one chain of
human sympathy that binds them all.
There is the mater familias. who, with
good nature radiating from every nook
and corner of her voluminous pers"n,
announces that while the children are
in school she is willing to do anything
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SIN DAY, JL T XE 5, IS9S.
AIMS AND OBJECTS OF THE RED CROSS,
BY MRS. WILLARD B. HARRINGTON. Presider>t California Red Cross Society.
THE war with Spain will no doubt increase the public stock of geographical and other information much
more rapidly than such knowledge is acquired in times of peace. Perhaps none of that is more valu
able and interesting than that in reference to the Red Cross.
The American National Red Cross, incorporated under the laws of the United States for the Dis
trict of Columbia, js the sole legitimate and recognized head branch in the United States of the great in
ternational association, of which the International Committee of Berne. Switzerland, is the head.
By the terms of the Geneva Convention of 1864 the participants of the agents of the Red Cross in
the active ambulance and hospital service of the United States is effected through the express neutralization
of its individual workers by the military and naval authorities.
Its assistance, however, is not limited to this individual employment or its agents in the field; it
stands ready to co-operate in the equipment and supply oi ambulances and medical stores, drawing for its
resources on the benevolence of the community and systematizing effort and aid throughout the country
by the various local societies organized under its auspices and rules.
In short the Red Cross represents the highest form of intelligent, non-sectarian effort for the relief
of human suffering on the field of battle regardless of the nationality of the victims, or of what flag they
may fight under.
This is to be the work of the California Red Cross Society and its branches in San Francisco and
elsewhere in the State, the State Society being in affiliation with the American National Red Cross.
to help the cause from rolling band
ages to molding bullets.
There is the mother ■who has sent
her boys off to the war and comes to
beg that quivering fingers be kept busy
to lessen heart-breaking pangs.
MRS. WILLARD B. HARRINGTON.
There is the woman who has doffed
the frills and chiffons of society and
is ready to do whatsoever work is as
signed to her.
There are the young girls, full of en
thusiasm, who •would put the busy bee
to shame.
There js the woman who has more
than her share of life's burdens already,
but comes to know whether she cannot
do some work for the cause early in the
morning before going to her day's labor.
AT THE FERRIES RECEIVING THE
ARRIVING VOLUNTEER SOL
DIERS.
I HAD heard all about it before I
came home— how the girls had all
gone wild over Red Cross work,
and I was wild to get into it my-
Belf. Of course, mamma had joined
for the whole of us. dozens of times
over, but I wanted to put my own
shoulder to the wheel and help matters
along by the perspiration of my own
forehead, as it were.
My glove* were not fairly off before
Slollie rushed in to tell me the latest
news from the (water) front, and
goodness knows it was interesting. One
■.■:" i he crack regiments of the country
was coming over from Oakland on the
first boat the very next morning:, and
a lot of us Red Cross girls were to go
down to the ferry to welcome them and
give them their breakfast.
I don't k:.ow that I ever began a day
at 5 o'clock in the morning in all my
life before. I have begun my nights at
that time over and over again during
the season, but a girl doesn't take
much notice of her environment when
she comes home tired and sleepy and
cross, ready to tumble out of the car
riage and into bed without giving a
■word or a thought to anybody or any
thing else in the wide world.
In the mornin- it is different. After
you get your eyes realiy open — which
is no easy matter at such an unearth
ly hour everything seems new and
strange, and you feel, some way, as if
you had waked up into a previously un
known world.
Th^re was plenty of work to be done.
The piles of flowers were to be ar
ranged into convenient-sized bouquets,
cups of tin and crockery to be placed
around the tables, sandwiches, d.jugh
nuta and fruit to be placed in baskets
for distribution and while we were do
A WOMAN'S POINT Oh VifcW.
By MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL.
President of the Red Cross Society of San Francisco.
T^ HAT international emblem of mercy, the red cross on the snowy
■ field, with the beautiful sentiments, -Humanity— Neutrality,"
I for its watchword, floats from our headquarters &z the Claus
„ Spreckels building and at our supply depot, 16 Post street.
* With its enticing invitation to look within where the busy work
rs, both men and women, are hurrying to and fro filling requisition
apers for small orders of medicines, dainties for the sick, caps, etc.,
or the soldiers, answering thousands of questions— in fact, telling the
tory over and over again to the new friends we meet with every ris-
Qg sun.
It seems to me just now if some paternal officers would take a back
raid look to 1861, when the emergency was as great and they then
rere young and uninstructed. they could see just where they might
o valuable service to the brave young boys in blue and at the same
ime assist the women of the Red Cross by taking these same young
olunteers and giving them a few important facts zts to how b.'st to gel
heir portion out of Uncle Sam's generous storehousss.
Of course, this is from a woman's point of view, but through our
With grateful thanks to The Call for untold favors, and our own
rarm-hearted, generous people who are toiling with us and giving of
heir strength and substance.
in:: all this a sudden electric thrill shot
through the crowd.
The 6 o'clock ferry was coming in!
We girls all stood at "attention " as
the Newark swooped down into the
dock, but in th« whoH crowd that came
off the boat at "'double quick." whoop
ing and yelling like Comanches, there
was rot a single "boy in blue."
Two or three of the "advance guard"
came over on the next boat, and we
were almost OTw»ressively good to them,
but it was not until we had stood on
our feet waiting for nearly two hours
that the sound of a military band on.
another pier playing "Rally Round the
Flag" announced that our guests were
at hand. Then the policemen ordered
spectators out and put up a rope bar
rier in front of the wide entrance, and
we girls each clutched a long-stemmed
in one hand and a handkerchief in
the other and — waited.
Ah, but wasn't it fine to hear the
music coining nearer and nearer, and
see the crowds of people outside with
their faces all turned in one direction,
and hear the policemen ordering them
here and there, and feel the air full of
something throbbing and surging like
the very life of our bodies?
And then they came! First the band
with the crash and blare and shock
of brass and tense beaten parchment,
through which the patriotic melody
found its way to our very hearts: and
then the men marching in, dusty and
travel-worn, tramp, tramp, tramp,
until the wide, low room was packed
with them, and everybody but the sol
diers themselves shouting and cheer
ing and waving lilies and handker
chiefs and hats and any old thing that
came to hand.
Perhaps you won't believe it. but
after my throat cracked bo that I
couldn't get out another s*iund and
my wrists ached so that I just had to
stop waving things. I looked about and
saw one of the most dignified and
highly cultured full-blown buds of «ur
set standine up in a chair frantically
waving a dishcloth In one hand and an
ir. -n spoon in the other and screaming
like a lunatic, and. to tell the truth, I
just wanted to hug her.
And then we fed them.
We had great hugger-mugger boil
ers full of hot stew and hotter coffee,
and we ladled the stew out into tin,
plates and put an eschallot and a tin
spoon into each one and took a cup of
coffee in the other hand and went oat
into the crowd and came back again
and repeated the performance until
everybody was supplied with the first
course, and then we took the heavily
laden baskets and carriel them about
and saw that every single soldier had
not only what he wanted to eat then
and there, but that his pockets and
knapsack and even his tin cup were
packed with fruit and cake and sand
wiches in case Uncle Sam kept him
waiting for his lunch.
Then Mr. Stetson climbed up cm a
chair and started the cheering. We
Red Cross members followed his lead
in cheering our guests, squealing shril
ly as jvomen always do when they
mean to hurrah, and following the
outburst with a "tiger." which was a
white kitten so far as ferocity went,
but was the very best we could do
with the voices at our command.
And then we all cheered together for
Dewey and Sampson and the Presi
dent, and then the soldier boys gave
a round of cheers for the Red Cross
that shook the very wharf and sent
me out of the crowd into the deserted
store-room to weep a little weep all by
myself as they fell into line again and
marched out amid a chorus of good
bys and good wishes.
Someway all I could think of just
then was the gladiators' greeting and
farewell, "morituri salutemus." and it
all came over me with a rush— the
bravery and the glory c-f it all.
Just think of it! Men taking their
lives in their hands and leaving home
and friends to fight for us stay-at
homes, not because they must, but be
cause they choose.
Ah. but it is grand! And when you
think of those murdered soldiers on
the Maine and the starving Cubans,
and Admiral Dewey. and our own
California boys going across the
ocean. Well. I cant talk about it: I
can't even bear to think about it — but
I can be a Red Cross worker all my
life if I am needed, and I will.
2122
THE WOMEN IN THE BETTING RING AT THE COURSING MATCHES
THE WOMAN WHO HAD LOST MADE HER WAY TO THE STAND WHERE THE ALLURING VOICE OF THE BOOKMAKER SHOUTED OUT THE ODDS.
THEY'LL not mind anything you
fay," Bald :i sporting gentleman
who i tituted my advisory
committee -he alluded to the
. ra of Hi Coursing Park —
"if you don't mention anything
ab<?ut the hares — killing 'em, you know
- an<l the women betting."
What is there at the Coursing Park
If you avoid the emotions of the hares
and the mad betting of th«> women?
The dogs? 1 defy the darkest, deepest
plunger to see anything in a greyhound
but a mat nine, an ugly machine, built
just for one purpose — the getting over
a large Bpace of ground in an incon
HERE IS THE HEAVIEST MAM IN THE WORLD.
His Name Is Henri Maurice Cannon and He Was Born in 1850
and Comes of a Family of Heavyweights — Here Are Hia
Measurements:
Height. 5 Feet 10 1-2 Inches. Weight, 613 Pounds.
Circumference of Waist, 90 Inches. Circumference of Chest, 72 Inches.
Circumference of Thigh, 54 Inches. Circumference of Calf, 38 Inches.
ceivably short space of time. As to the
result of the races, only the women
who crowd about the betting stand — at
I one corner; we are not yet so emanci
pated that we do not prefer, sheeplike,
to follow where same female pioneer has
; led — only the women who spend every
Saturday and Sunday at Ingleside or
at the new Union Park dare speak
learnedly of "byes" and "go-byes," of a
"no course" and an "undecided."
"I was out at a party last night,"
said a tall woman, with more powder
than was necessary on her clear-fea
tured face. "I took breakfast down
town, got home Just in time to change
my dress and came out here."
THE SAX FRAMCISCO CALL, SUXDaT, JL t 1S t E 5, IS9B.
"How's your luck?" asked a comely,
I dark-haired woman, whose odd costume
'— a large black derby hat, coat and vest
<>f manly cut and a light borx coat worn
! with an ordinary black skirt — would
have made any other woman look like
a fright.
The first woman did not answer. She
j tore a pink ticket that she had held in
two, savagely, resentfully. The pieces
| fluttered to the floor, already covered
with such scattered remnants of might-
I have-beens, and the woman who hn.d
! lost made her way again through the
crowd of bettors to the stand where
I the alluring voice of the bookmaker
; shouted out the odds.
' These women, despite the foolish, in
HENRI MAURICE CANNON, the fat man of Europe, Is in this city. He
claims not only to be the heavy-weight of Europe, but challenges the
nations of the world to produce a man who can tip the beam at any
where near his weight, which is 613 pounds, lie Is here for the money
there is In it and brings his wife along, for he has to have some one to
lace up his shoes. There is a marked contrast between the physique of Herr
Cannon and that of his faithful nuouse. He is a regular human Jumbo In size,
while she looks more like a slip of a school girl than the wife of a fat
man. Herr Cannon is nothing great considered longitudinally; It is in his meas
urements latitudinally that he excels. He is only 5 feet 10V 2 inches between the
north and south poles, but at his equator he measures 96 inches. He has a
chest development of 70 inches, his thigh measures 54 inches and his leg i 340
inches at the calf.
Herr Cannon was born in Switzerland some 48 years ago. His mothep is a
normal sized woman, while his father weighs 300 pounds. He has an elder
brother who is something of a fat man on his own account. For a time It was
nip and tuck between the brothers as to which could take on flesh the faster.
The brother got to 380 pounds easily enough, but there he stuck and could not
gain another pounfl, while Maurice kept on growing as though he had inherited
the flesh of the whole family. From the time when he turned the 600-pound
mark he has never fallen below it. The most he has ever weighed is 621 pounds,
and when he gets down to 609 pounds he considers himself a light weight. Last
Monday be weighed just 613 pounds, but that was just after a trip across the
continent. His usual weight is about 618 pounds.
Strange to say Herr Cannon is quite active on his feet and can walk all day
providing that he keeps on the dead level. To travel either up hill or down winds
him quickly. He is a good rifle slyit and can swim. He challenges any athlete
one-half his weight to perform feats that he can. He uses the dumbbells every
morning, and as to appetite he would surprise a boarding-house keeper, not in
the great amount tnat he can eat, but in the diminutive portion that satisfies
Inn.
In his younger days and his native country he held the position of brewer
ios inspector, and in those days could drink two gallons or more of beer daily.
Since that he has sojourned In France and developed into a wine drinker. He
takes a quart bottle of red or white wine with each meal, but never a dron be
tween times.
He landed in New York March 27 and in San Francisco May 29. He
likes America better than Europe, and for several reasons. In Kurope he has
' to travel in a freight car, as the compartments in the passenger cars are not
designed for human Jumbos. In America he finds no difficulty in traveling, ex
. cept with the hackmeh, as he occasionally breaks down a hack and there Is the
"deuce" and dollar to pa'-. He says that American tailors plea#e him best.
What impresses him most is that when he calls in a tailor the American one
says nothing, but goes about his work as though making clothes ; for fat i men
were an every-day occurrence, whereas, the European tailor ■ comes in, takes a
look at Herr Cannon, holds up his hands in horror, goes away and j promises to
come back, ; but does hot. What's more, the American tailor delivers the clothes
at the time agreed. Herr Cannon has not as yet had occasion to experiment with
the skill and veracity of the American shoemakers. :/ - V. ; ;
Herr Cannon does not object to the attention he attracts as a fat man pro
viding people pay for it, but he does object; to making a free show of him
self. He travels on his .ape. It is his stock in trade, and for this reason he
privately lives a very secluded life. ; , He is not a big eater. Two chops or a small
- steak constitutes his ', breakfast, a'? light [ lunch and a dinner ; that would only
make a fair lunch ; for a workingman is the dally . meal ticket routine of Herr
Cannon. .He has never : been sick a day in his life, ' and ': has therefore never
called in a physician. However, his case has always attracted the attention of
physicians and ' any number have 'called on him. Many have attempted to diag
nose his case, but none have provided a remedy.
Perhaps Hen:. Cannon docs not want it. •. -S..
' effectual, absurd bets they make, know
every motive that goes to make up the
harmony of the coursing. For their
knowledge of technical terms, fur their
discriminating critical appreciation of
', dog values, one is compelled to express
admiration, the kind of admiration
evoked by those wonderful puppies who
; perform unheard-of two-legged feats.
; who, by the way, are always just one
step in advance in intelligence and in
i agree.'ibleness of the two-legged creat
ure who directs their performance.
There are two ways of looking at
! coursing — the upstairs point of view
j and the downstairs.
Upstairs, on the grand stand, It is
' rather a family affair. Mothers, with
/\ Gkaracter Study.
lunch baskets; children going about
with half-devo red sandwiches; older
boys and girls che . ing gum, and the
trail of sticky popcorn and empty pea
nut shells is over it all. Upstairs you'd
almost think that these thousands of
people had spent from an hour to an
hour and a half reaching this their
goal for the purpose of seeing a patent,
highly elastic, lightning-like forty or
fifty pounds of dog overtake a small,
fuzzy, bewildered bunch of hare.
"I like to come out here and lobk at
the sport," said a fresh-faced, slim
woman, "after being shut up all the
week in the store. My old man, he'd
like to bet; but I told him that he'd
have to wait till I'd got my Easter
dress before he did any more betting.
His moneys earned too hard to' be lost
this way. So I told him I wouldn't come
out here unless he'd give me the money
to keep."
Downstairs, though, there is no delu
sion as to the attraction of the cours
ing park. It's that old, unreasoning,
deathless desire to wager and to win
that filled i.iark Twain's jumping frog
with shot in the immortal Calaveras
tale. Just to bet; that's all these eager
eyed men and women, with their lined
faces and alternations of hope and de
spair, crave. To bet; it doesn't make
any difference, apparently, to them
whether they bet one way or the other.
"Say, let's each chip in a half and
bet on Susie! What do you say?" a
frowsy woman, with more gold In her
teeth than In her pocket, asked another
woman.
"Why," said the shrewd little body
that carried the fa; lly purse, "Susie's
five to one — or six to one."
"No she ain't. I just heard him
shout one to five. Will you chip in?"
But the woman wh > wants her Eas
ter dress shook her head. "My old man"
had been deprived of the delight <5f bet
ting; it wouldn't be fair for his old
woman to allow herself that pleasure
to-day.
But another woman, who didn't want
an Easter dress— though, it was only
too apparent how badly she needed
one — Joined the first speaker, who dis
appeared in the crowd about the bet
ting stand. But she came back, re
gretfully, and handed back the half
dollar, saying:
"She was right. It ain't one to five.
It's five to one."
"I thought so," said somebody's "old
woman." "Why, Susie's just the pick
of 'em. I tell you," she went on ex
citedly, forgetting her resolution, "if
Susie was one to five, I'd put up five
dollars on her."
"You think I'm going to put up five
dollars to win one," said the frowsy
woman, the lust of wagering in her
eye. "I'll tell you what we'll do. Let's
all put in a quarter apiece. Just for
fun! Huh? What d'ye say? We won't
lose much — an'," she laughed nervous
ly, "we won't make much."
"That Van Cloie's a good dawg," said
a stout Irish woman, with the frank
est brogue and the unfrankest eyes —
ajl awry and crossed. "Susie's a burrd;
but that Van Cloie ain't no fool."
So the modest pool was formed and
the Irish woman marched off to breast
the waves of male gamblers clashing
themselves and their dollars against
the rocks of the pool sellers.
"Say, better watch her," whispered
one of the mighty syndicate. "Per
haps she'll get away with the money.
D'ye know her?"
"No, do you?" asked the frowsy wo
man, a suspicious gleam coming in her
own eye as she spoke.
Not one of the four knew another.
But the Irish woman came back with
the magic pink card, which a small,
well-dressed member of the corporation
seized immediately and held.
I wonder If by any chance fleet Susio
had been beaten by her rival, whether
there would have been war in the Van
Cloie syndicate? She wasn't, of course.
There was no possibility of such a
thing, according to the woman who
knows so much of coursing and of hu
man nature, that she keeps her hus
band's purse in her own pocket. But
these women are mad to bet. If not one
] way, then in the name of all that's su
perstitious and miraculous, on the
other.
They take defeat philosophically,
I though. All except the old li-ish wo
j man, who turned pugnaciously to her
neighbor and demanded:
"Didn't ye see that Van CV>ie got.
it? He did, I tell ye. An' that judge's
"rooked, or I can't see straight."
As she possibly can't with such eyes
as hers, one must conclude that Judge
Bull, mounted on his pretty brown
steed, brave in his pink coat and tight
white, short trousers, his Jaunty high
hunting boots and scarlet cap is as
fair, as honest a Judge as ever graced
the center of a coursing sward.
But the tragedies of the Coursing
Park succeeded each other so closely
that the woman who bets hasn't time
to dry her tears— her figurative tears,
for though her face becomes lined and
set, she is good gambler enough never
to break down over one loss before
she must nerve herself to face another
probably.
Here's a white-haired woman, angu
lar, tall, with a parchment-like face.
Her bonnet is old-fashioned arid old,
her coat of sealette is too narrow across
the. shoulders and in its dead dinginess
looks a protest against being still com-
pelled to live a coat's life, Instead of
being consigned to the repose of the
old-clothes cemetery, or the honorable
oblivion of the rag-bag crematory. Her
poor, old trembling hands are covered
with cloth gloves, and just now they
are counting out money enough into a
tout's outstretched palm to partly re
habilitate her dingy wardrobe.
"Yes," she says, in answer to an in
quiring glance. There are no sdcial
barriers out at the Coursing Park.
One touch of nature — the searing brand
of avarice — has made them all kin.
"Yes, I lost again. I don't see how.
I really don't see," she shakes her
miserable old head stupidly, "how I
didn't win."
"Why the race was the 'Buck's' hands
down," said a red-faced, husky-voiced
man behind. "Ye'd ought to know
that."
But she didn't— that, or anything
else. And when the book-makers be
gan again to shout hoarsely, they kept
a wise, wary eye over to the corner
where the women were congregated in
desperate knots, knowing that here
were fish that would rise to the scant
iest bait, the most apparent of hooks.
"Tod— Tod— Tod," a woman was
moaning, rising ecstatically upon her
toes and falling back again upon her
heels, praying if ever human creature
prayed with mind and body intent upon
one thing.
But Tod was beaten and she slipped
out of the crowd, determinedly making
her way to the betting stand again.
But now the Plunger had joined the
crowd; the woman in half-masculine
attire and wholly masculine uncon
sciousness of embarrassment or lack
of ease In the howling crowd of betting
men.
There is no necessity for introduc
tion. These women meet week after
week at one track or the other.
"Let me see," she says, reaching out
a plump white hand; she has removed
her gloves and tipped her mannish hat
back from a pretty forehead marked
with a red rim. "Let me see how they
stand. I've lost mine."
With a practiced eye she glances
over the carefully kept book, where
second ties and third ties and fourth
ties are religiously noted down mark
ing: the gradual elimination of the
beaten hounds. She hands It back
with a sigh.
"Ain't you betting?" they ask her
'V\hy," she says pouting, "I lost $20
on Miram.mte."
"Ye shouldn't bet bo much Ye
shouldn't bet $20 on wan race. 'Taint
right," said the Irish woman, folding
her hands with disapproving gravity
under her gray shawl.
"But you can afford it." said the
white-haired woman enviously, her
shaking hands fumbling in her black
bag.
The Plunger liked this. The envy of
other women, even of old battered
women such as this one. was welcome
to her. She smiled saucily. She
wouldn't for the world have denied
what her well-made clothes said so
plainly.
"But, you see," she said, "I lost the
other twenty, too. That makes forty
to-day. A friend ofymine's looking for
some one now to cash a check for me.
If it was out at Ingleside, now, they
all know me there— but here— l can't
get a check cashed."
She moved away, walking along con
fident, the light of business solely in
her eye. She was thinking as she left
the crowd of bettors regretfully of the
chance to bet and the difficulty of get
ting credit when one is unknown. The
other women looked after her, sighing
BY MIRIAM MICHELSON.
enviously. She was what they would
like to be.
I looked in vain up stairs or down
for a woman who would consider the
case of the harep.
The doggy woman differs from the
horsey one in many respects. She is
not nearly so well dressed, for one
thing. There is no style at Union
Park, no fiauntir- of fine feathers. She
is a maid in somebody's kitchen or she
works in a shop very often. She brings
the babies with her, too; an odd place
for babies. The father of the family,
becoming seized with the betting ma
nia—and lacking that treasure of
wives "My old man" possesses — elbows
his way through the betting crowd,
the latest flower rf the family perched
u- on his shoulder, and lays down his
dollars upon the altar of Chance, while
young Hopeful from his elevated perch
is in a position to see and be impressed
by the edifying spectacle.
The woman who kncvrs about dogS
looks not like a drone, not like a
queen bee, either, but like a worker.
But in her earnestness, in her devotion,
to the betting book, in her desire to
overreach somebody, in her excited de
termination to win, si. 's own sister to
the woman wh>se patter about jockeys
and horses corresponds to the foreign
! tongue in which they communicate
ideas out at the coursing park.
These downstairs women are perfectly
unconscious of any and of every thing
but the fluctuation of the gambling
market. Those flying bunches out in
the field, now shooting swiftly ahead,
now bounding over the ground in the
last muscle-straining effort to escape,
might be suffering the most exquisite
of tortures and these women would
continue to bet their sesterces on th^ir
blood. They simply become so one
ldead that when you attempt to turn,
their minds on the hare question they
look at you almost uncomprehendingly
for a moment be ore they become im
patiently conscious that this has noth
ing to do with the business of the day.
Upstairs, I believe, the women would
as willingly watch mechanical toys
scuttling over the sward, with the
hounds tearing after them, if nature
had endowed greyhounds with as keen
a distaste of flying automata, as they
have for bunched-up, quivering, doub
ling, panic-stricken, flying hares.
From the two pretty girls, violet«
bedecked, who walk up and down in
their light-gray jackets, dark skirts
and premature white sailors, to the old
woman in the sealette cloak, whose
face is a wrinMed mask; from the cold
eyed, red-faced, husky-voiced "lover of
sport'" to the spoiled, flaxen-haired
three-year-old, who shrieks and stamps
till his worthy mamma lifts him to his
old position, his arms and chubby legs
curled about a post above the fence im
mediately surrounding the course,
there is — not a deliberate cruelty, but
a complete unconsciousness that the
thing is cruel. They will tell you out at
the coursing park that there is no more
speedy, no more merc'ul death than
that the hounds inflict.
CONGRESS OF HISTORY.
AN International Congress of His
tory will be held at The Hague
in the early part of September,
when the Netherlands celebrate
the majority and the coronation
of their young Queen.
The congress is organized under the
auspices of Her Majesty, and it will be
presided over by His Excellency the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the
Netherlands, and by M. de Maul de la
Claviere, general secretary of the .So
ciety of Diplomatic History of Paris.
The congress, which will be opened on
September 12, 1898, will be composed of
diplomatists, historians and men of let
ters. Each nation may use its own
language in the discussions and in the
papers presented. Ladies may become
members. The subscription is fixed at
twenty francs, or four dollars. The pa
pers read before the congress will be
printed and distributed to the members.
Among those who are organizing the
sections of the several countries are
the following: In Holland, the local
committee at the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs; in France, the central com
mittee, of which M. le Glay is secre
tary; in England, Professor Oscar
Browning of King's College. Cambridge;
in Belgium, Baron Jules d'Anethan; in
Servia, Professor Vesnitch; in Greece,
M. Bikelas; in Switzerland, Professor
de Crue de Stoutz; in Sweden, M. de
Burenstam; in Spain, His Excellency
M. de Villa Urrutia; in Turkey, His Ex
cellency Caratheodori-Effendi; in South,
Africa, His Excellency M. de Peralta.HOW I PLAYED DEAF & DUMB FOR GRANT
THRILLING ADVENTURES OF A UNION SPY ON SPECIAL SECRET SERVICE
Just before the Vicksburg campaign General Grant selected Sergeant William W. Jefforcis and nineteen other men to go inside the Confed
erate line and gather all the valuable information possible. The mission, just at that particular juncture, was fraught with such extraordinary
danger, that the men were given two hours to think over the matter, and then withdraw from the expedition if they entertained the slightest
hesitation. Jeffords says that in his two hours of silent deliberation he almost sweat blood as his mind reviewed the dangers that were known to
await them. All the twenty men reported they would go. Four of them were caught by the Confederate- and hanged as spies and several of them
■\Vere shot while trying to run the lines. Jeffords assumed the character of a deaf and dumb peddler and walked straight up to the Confederata lines.
He was- halted, and from that moment until the time he left the lines he was kept under a constant series of tests, for every new party of soldiers
:be met ' Suspected him. The shrewdness and boldness displayed by the Confederates to throw him off his guard was only surpassed by "his wonder
■ ful self-possession during the trying ordeals. For his success on this expedition Jeffords was made a first lieutenant. Below will be found the
; story, of his thrilling adventures as he tells them himself.
•'^T- j\*A'£.'Jh'e first sergeant in Company
■.' : 1) -jpC ! -Seventh Pennsylvania, in the
'•..# ■■.ppfTnp .of 1863. I was one of the
■ ■ '.'thousands of soldiers under Grant
; .... ''..&B_4 -.Sherman fighting our way
Tiprinwa-rd ' toward Yicksburg. There
.••;wj^r'e'sKtfmishes and engagements every
-f .(fays-, at that time. General Per
n; rt(?'n'.;wa« at Vicksburg, Miss. — fifty
.rnifies/ past- of Vicksburg — with a force
• "plf.voyfif; 20,000, and was being daily re
\titit()TCs4.« Grant and his army entered
f<;r&n"d; : <3ulf May 3, 1863. General Sher
idan was ordered with 12,000 men to
•*rqa.kgva-j demonstration against Haine's
■ JB \iiii- "to ■com.pel the Confederates to de
tach • troops there from Pemberton's
force. . :
■■;, General Grant planned to face the
t&rp • Confederate armies in detail and
defeat* them before they could unite
', against him. He wished to know a lot
of facts about the Confederate fortifi
, cations •in the gaps of the Red Rock
.Ridge, and the size of Johnston's re
enforcements. • Spies were necessary,
a'nd'at this time I was called upon to
do spy service.
 I. had 'done a little spy work in the
P.orffJ-ibson campaign, but this job in
Johnston's camp. Colonel Raymond
told.-me,- .was about the most dangerous
that any " spy could undertake. The
two armies were almost ready to
fight each" other any day, and all the
camps were unusually watchful of un
known / civilians. Colonel Raymond
said he wanted twenty young men who
had nerve, and who would go into the
enemy's lines, ready to die, if necesary,
without whimpering or divulging of se
crets. He also informed me that sev
eral' Confederate spies had been recent ■>
ly hanged, at Corinth, and that the
\, enemy, -would surely retaliate on Fed
eral -spies.
I was given two hours to think the
proposition over. I was left in a room
and -not : allowed to speak to any of
my- comrades.
I confess, I almost perspired blood
as I sat there alone that lovely May
moralrfg, and thought over the horrible
risk I was going to take. But I agreed
to go. -■ ' .
Colonel -Raymond told me that Gen
eral Grant wished to talk with the
men wjio were to go as spies. The
colonel led us about half a mile away
to a dilapidated house where Grant
made •his temporary headquarters.
General Grant left a table full of maps
and drawings and came to speak with
us in the yard. He explained that we
had been chosen because o-f our repu
tation for coolness, nerve and daring.
)i>\ rold us that if any of us had any
hesitancy or doubt of our courage in
engaging in the spy work in a region
and at a time wjien we wouid be sum
manly if caught, that one
shc-uld decline the service then and
there.
That afternoon each of us was in
structed in the particular information
aa to get, and the respective part
he was to play as a civilian in the
■n'-my's camp.
I was, given the task of observing
- >me topographical facts and seeing
• iirtiljtry General Johnston's army
had. I was instructed t<> be a deaf
mute. The Burgeon on General Grier
lon'a staff had been the head of a deaf
and dumb school at Cleveland, and he
rpent several hours in drilling me as a
;ny.
I was to go over to Jackson with a
'•ltrhel full of shoe blacking, shaving
("Up, paper collars and notions, appar
ently earning my livelihood by selling
iiy wares to Confederate soldiers. A
pencil and slate were my mode of com
munication.
I started out from the Grand Gulf
ate on the night of May 5. I knew
li.tt I would be suspected of being a
> ipy and that the least indication that
ny hearing was at all good would for
'eit my life.
I wap with!:: *h* enemy's lines by
»oor th*: next day. 'i at« ur>de: a cow
j-hed while the rain drizzled down.
In the afternoon I was going along
a road near a hamlet known as Griess
bys. 1 heard a troop of cavalry coming
down the road behind me. I put on a
blank expression and trudged along
with my black satchel over my shoul
der.
A lieutenant rode up to me and
called:
"Hello here, where you going?"
1 had had time to prepare myself for
this test. I started as if at the ap
pearance of th« horse under my eyes,
and looked vacantly up at the cavalry
man.
He repeated his question. In a second
I had my pocket slate out and handed
it courteously to the officer. The others
in the troop laughed and said:
"Oh, he's a d fool dummy."
The lieutenant wroie on nay slate,
"Who are you and where are you go
ing?"
I wrote that I was Daniel Freeman
and that I was peddling for a living.
Several of the troops remarked that it
was foolish to waste time on such a
dumb mutton-head as I, for I'd be
caught anyhow and the troop galloped
away.
I saw a camp of fully 1000 Confeder
ates down in a valley. I knew that my
presence woulu be reported at head
quarters by the cavalrymen and it
would be folly to go past a camp if I
were really seeking trude. I was
stopped by a sentinel about the camp.
I wrote for him my -ame and business
on my slate. He growled something
about lunk-head dummies wandering
about in war time and catching me by
the coat sleeve kd me to the officer of
the guard. The sentinel explained that
I was deaf and dumb and went away.
The officer had evidently known that
the role of dummy was not uncommon
with up-to-date spies. "Stand over
there a second, till I finish this." said
he to me in the most artful, off-hand,
easy manner.
My knees did move slightly and I al
most stepped a foot.
But I caught myself while the cold
chills chased up and down my spine at
my almost forgetfulness, and I re
solved not to risk my neck so easily
again.
"Your hard is bloody," said he, turn
ing carelessly to me. I stood liko a
post, looking vacantly at him.
Some of the cavalrymen I had sco n
on the road came in, and I knew from
the expression on the officer-of-tlv -
guard's face that I was to be tested for
my deafness. I stood indifferent to my
environment, looking at a picture on
the wall, while I knew that some test
of my hearing was being prepared at
my rear.
Suddenly one of the cavalrymen drew
his sword and shouted: "G— — d d n
this Yankee; I've a good mind to put
him to the wall right here!"
"Stab the !" cried another.
Fancy how you would feel to hear
such vords shouted in your oars by a
g*eat a burly and armed cavalryman in
an enemy's camp. I can't describe my
feelings, but I never blinked. I stood
scrutinizing the print picture on the
wall.
I knew that my every muscle and
nerve was being watched by every ore
in the apartment. The least twitch
or. turn of the head would have be
trayed me.
"He's about as dumb as they make
'em," said the offlcer-of-the-guard,
when it was seen how oblivious I was
to all their t.-sts of niy hearing. "Isn't
it strange that such a poor cuss should
po peddling around the fines of war
fare. He'll get over the Yank lines
and it'll gg f > hard with him some of
these days."
I was dismissed. I went peddling
about the camp, all the time keeping
my eyes open for topographical and
armament information.
Two days later I was seven miles
farther in the enemy's country. I had
met hundreds of Confederate soldiers
on the way, but the fact that I had
passed an outlying camp all right was
an indication that I was a genuine fool
dummy.
I ijot a mass of information and bad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
hourly simple tests of my hearing, or
father my non-hearing faculty.
I was almost on the verge of nervous
prostration fr<>m the strain of ceaseless
precaution I had to exercise lest I re
veal my hearing.
I was Btanding in the door of a
shanty cookhouse in a camp, and,
without a moraenVs warning down
came about five gallons of cold water
ever my head and shoulders. I shud
der now when I think how near I came
to cussing thr Confederate soldiers who
stood about to watch me.
Instead of saying a word I gurgled a
lot of inharmonious sounds' of fright,
and looked the more like a thing of
wood.
In another camp I was squatting on
the ground, mechanically showing my
Boape and tobaccos, and playing deaf
to the thousand and one questions art
fully put to me, when I saw by a sol
dier's eye that some test of my hearing
was to be made.
That moment I heard the click of a
pistol being brought to cock. The
weapon was discharged within three
inches of my ear.
I never had to hold myself together
more than then. I slowly turned my
head and looked inquiringly about at
the smoke of the discharge.
When I reached General Johnston's
main camp about Jackson, I knew that
crucial tests would be made. I had
by that time gained nearly all the In
formation I wished for General Grant,
and my plans were how to get back to
the Federal lines. *
I slept In a barn one night, remote
from any camp, where I could have at
least partial peace from the fear of
soldiers watching to entrap me to my
death. It is marvelous that I was not
stark mad by that time. The next
morning as I was getting out of the
barn I saw several infantry soldiers out
foraging. My actions had roused their
suspicions.
I wrote on my slate that I was a
Confederate peddler named Freeman
on my way to Jackson to get new
goods for selling to the boys in gray.
• "Oh, that won't do." said one of the
soldiers. "I'll bet he's another Yank
spy."
Then I learned from the conversation
of my captors that two of the spies
sent out from Grand Gulf at the time
I was had been caught and hanged two
days previous.
Try and imagine what my. thoughts
were as the soldiers marched me across
a cotton field to the headquarters. In
my , four years of warfare that was the
nearest I ever \ saw death I before me.
It seemed perfectly hopeless to brave
out the ordeal I would have to undergo
in the enemy's lines, without a pass
in my pocket and no one to vouch for
me.' \-2^r"'
I was taken to General Klrby Smith's
tent: • The general was informed that
I had been arrested without a pass, and
that I was suspected of being a spy in
the guise of a deaf and dumb peddler.
General Smith said: nothing.
Two or three officers in his tent went
and whispered, to ; him. . : I knew they
were devising schemes to catch me if I
were a spy in dlseuise. .
I • pulled . myself together and i ; looked
absently about, as if I "had never seen
the interior of a tent in time of war
fare. I "knew that I was thoroughly
suspected by ' all present.
One of the I officers \ wrote me a mes
sage on a bit of : paper. While I : was
writing an answer, the man started and
ejaculated, "Look out!" •
. . I wonder now that .my hand .did not
- start involuntarily. The officers and
others were looking, at it closely. \
For i some I minutes there was a con
versation >. on ;my slate ■ concerning why
111 1 j had no pass [in ; the Confederate lines,
whence I came and *. where I was ' go
ing. I could see it was all done to dis
arm me of any fear v l had. '/_'■■'". :',* ■ :
An officer came forward and said:
"This poor mute looks tired.  It is a
; shame to keep him here." , - - Then ; turn- .
■ ing to me ;he smilingly Bal<s, "Are you
hungry?" • :, :
It was a pretty, ruse, \_ but I : simply .
stared" A* W* 1 »*"»" lets. •■■■• -v- • •■ .
Then they trkd to make me pale,
and it was a frightful test.
I was given a seat while General
Smith turned to other business, appar
ently forgetful of me. The other offi
cers sat near me and smoked and chat
ted. Presently they - began talking
about some new orders that had been
issued to hang every Federal spy im
m"d lately upon conviction. They
talked about how two spies, that had
been hanged two days previous, had
acted as they squirmed in death, and
how the officers were locking for more
spies to hang on the same spot. My
brain was In a whirl. Everything swam
before my eyes, but I sat with my face
turned up to the military diagrams
and rules of camp on the tent wall be
fore me.
More whispering followed. I wrote
on my slate: "I am hungry and tired.
Why do yc-u keep me here?"
A colonel wrote: "We think you are
deceiving us. If you are, it will be
death to you." He watched my face
as I read the lines.
I wrote in reply: "I have a very hard
time getting a living in this war. I am
with the Confeds with all my soul.
Please may I go."
In an hour I was taken to a shanty
like affair and locked in. A young man
in Federal uniform was lying on the
floor when I entered. He rose, and
looking at me, said, "My g(X)dness gra
cious, have they got you, too?"
I looked vacantly at him. I wrote
that I was mute.
Then the stranger laughed and said:
"Oh, it won't do- you any good to keep
that trick up longer. We're going to
die together as Union spies, and why
not be resigned to it. I was caught
day before yesterday, and I've been
sentenced to be hanged. Now they'll
wait for you to go with me. Ha, ha,
we'll show the Rebs how Yankee buys
can die game, won't we?"
It was a trying moment, and I did
want to open my heart and mouth to
such a Jolly Federal man, while my
case seemed pretty hopeless. I could
not tell what opinion the men at Gen
eral Smith's headquarters had formed
of my actions.
I wrote on my slate that I was a
mute, and that it was useless to try to
communicate with me except by signs
or writing. But the stranger talked
right along, and tried to appeal to my
love for the Union cause. He would
suddenly fling a very natural question
at me.
Worn out and helpless as I was, I
dared not doze even for a second that
night. I knew my companion was
feigning sleep also.
Along in the middle of the night when
I was purposely breathing deep and
regularly I heard some one enter. It
was pitch dark. I was all attention
but still breathing deep. I heard a pis
tol drawn from its holster. Crash, bang!
The weapon was fired an inch above my
face. It seemed as if lightning had
struck me.
At the same moment a dark lantern
was flashed in my face and my coun
tenance studied.
I slowly opened my eyes at the light
and rolled over as if to go to sleep.
Th-; pseudo-Union soldier went out
with the Confederates. 1 could hear
them whispering about me and what
reason there was to suspect me as a
spy.
At 7 o'clock next moraine I was led
to the cook tent and given meal. My
satchel was restored to me. A colonel
came and shook me by the hand. He
looked over my few remaining soaps,
etc., and bought a little. Then turning
to me he asked: "How much are these?"
I believe my lower jaw did move. I
was caught off my guard for a trice.
But I never s nke and the colonel was
not looking at my face.
He wrote me a pass in the lines about
Jackson and just as he handed it to
me he turned and said: "Let me see
that again." My hand almost moved
to obey such an agreeable gentleman.
But instead I folded the paper and
started on my way out of camp, know
ing that I was watched covertly by
scores of eyes.
That day I replenished my satchel In
.Tackson and started back by a circuit
oup road toward the Federal lines. I
had no further bothjer from the Con
federates and my gifts of tobacco to
several officers whom - met made me
friends.
I reached Grand Gulf at dawn on May
11. I was thanked for the information
I had sot for my army and a month
later I was first lieutenant in my com
pany.
Of the twenty men who went as spies
at that time four were captured and
three were hanped. One man was shot
dead by a sentinel.
I was in Nashville. Term., in 1888 and
I called upon Colonel Jason Parker.
who was on General Smith's staff and
who devised the attempts to catch me
napping in my role as a dummy
peddler. He recalled the circumstances
clearly and we became fast friends. He
said he was cock-sure when I started
away from General Smith's headquar
ters that I was a genuine deaf mute
and he had felt sorry for me in my
affliction.
WILLIAM W. JEFFORDS,
Captain Company A, Thirty-third Regi
ment Pennsylvania Volunteers.
CURIOSITY SATISFIED.
Mr. McSwat groaned in his sleep,
rolled over, and awake.
He sat' bolt upright in his bed.
"What is the matter, Billiger?" asked
Mrs. McSwat, whom his uneasy mo
tions hnd aroused from her slumbers.
"Nothing much," he answered. "I
had something like a nightmare, I
think."
"Were you rolling off the roof of a
house, and did you wake up just before
you hit the ground?" queried Mrs. Mc-
Swat, becoming interested at once.
"Do you know some people think that
if you don't wake before you reach the
ground you — "
"I think I'd like to go to sleep again.
Lobelia," murmured Mr. McSwat, lying 1
down and emitting a large and lugubri
ous yawn.
"But what was your nightmare, Bil
liger?" persisted Lobelia.
"I didn't say it was a nightmare. X
said it was something like a night
mare."
"Something terrible looking at you
over the footboard of the bed, and you
tried to scream and couldn't? Was it
like that?"
"No, and it wasn't a big fish with
horns and a contralto voice trying to
swallow me. Suppose you quiet down
now and go to sleep."
"I think that's as mean as it can be.
You woke me up, tell me you've had a
nightmare — "
"Great Scott, Lobelia—"
"Something like a nightmare— that's
what you said. It was enough to wake
you up, and you woke me, and now you
won't fell me what it was. You must
have some reason for it. How do you
suppose I can go to sleep again when
you act like that? Was it a note com
ing due? Have you been running into
debt without saying anything to me
about — "
"If you'll not say anything more I'll
tell you as nearly as I can — "
"There's no use in your saying that.
You know exactly what it was. I want
the whole story."
"Suffering Socrates! There isn't any
whole story. All there is to tell is that
I seemed to be oppressed by some pre
monition of coming cvil — a vague sort
of feeling that something weird and
unearthly was about to happen— do I
make myself clear, Lobelia?"
"Yes. yes. Go on."
"There was an indefinable sensation
of dread, an uncanny, creepy kind of
impression that seemed to portend
some mysterious calamity or untoward
event of whose precise nature I was
ignorant save that it was inevitable
and was swiftly impending— are you
quite sure you follow me?"
"Yes, yes! What else?"
"So strong was this impression upon
me that I awoke. I awoke, Lobe'.ia, to
the immediate realization of the ca
lnmity whose shadowy — or foreshid
ow y — horror had weighed upon me! It
is present now. Lobelia! Does not your
soul sink beneath its — "
"Don't talk that way. Billiger! You
frighten me! What is it?"
"What is it? That everlasting, dog
groned smell from the stock yards!
Where is your nose? You're nearest
the window. Oblige me by getting up
and putting it down. Thanks. Now
will you have the goodness. Lobelia, to
consider this a closed incident and let
me go to sleep again?"
Silence settled down once mor.? upon
the McSwat household, and Billiger's
deep bass snore was the only sound
that disturbed the heavily laden atmos
phere.—Chicago Tribune.
2324
THE SERGEANT OF THE GUARD.
CORP HEALY rose when the second bottles of beer
had been opened, commanded silence and leaned
his fingers on the little table of Mother Revoll's
kitchen in the manner of an accustomed after
dinner speaker.
"Yell azcuse me bowldniss." said he, "but oi'm
afther roisin' te perpoupe hilth an' long loire to Misthress
Kpv»>ll— an' sure old betther be namin' her Mother Revell
at onct, fur it's that the whole rigiment names her, more
power to her."
"Hear! hear!" cried the newly made sergeant, patting
his mother's wrinkled hand, a hand of a boiled looking
white from much laundry work in the old troop.
"Good boy,* Healy:" cried old Fin Strait, the farrier.
"Wait till 1 got a pencil to report that speech."
"Ye're-an ignorant ould blatherskite, Fin; yez couldn't
report nothin'. Whut would the loike o' youse be doin'
wid a pencil?" the corporal asked, grinning. "Shut yer
face till oi be through spukin". Martin, me son, yez be
young te be a sargint, but, faith, it's natural ye should
jump over me, who's bin corpril an' bruk anil corpril an'
bruk in the rigiment tin tolmes over. It's Iver bin mo
pllsint practice. Martin, an' yer mother's, too. to tache a
promisin' young noncom the roight way to 'i.> his duty,
which has h.>.>n fruitful uv thrabble an' foightin' owln
to the consated frishness of young noncoms gincrally,
who think they know it all. But youse was bor-rn wid
the throop, an' cud lam his drill te any Johnny-oome
lately frum Wist Pint. An' fur thim manlfowld blessin's.
Martin— sure, oi shud say Sargint Revell- v.z II thank yer
mother, fur why? She's bin the hist frind uv ivery man
in the ould throop since youse wuz in frocks, me son.
•She's saved miny a wan from a bobtail discharge, an'
miny a wan frum hell, God bliss her! An' what we
wouldn't do fur Mother Revell an' her boy ain't worth
doin". begab an' begob! That's all, an' now yez can blow
off all the gas \Vve a moind to. Fin Strait, fur ol'ni
through wid me spakin'."
"Hear: hear:" old Fin croaked. "I'm no orator like
Healy, Mrs. Revel!, because I've nothin" to say. Only
We're here to wet Martin's stripes, so we'll open another
bottle to his health. He was a bugler when he was 10 and
a corporal at 20. and now he's a sergeant at 22, and
there's not a man jealous of him. either. Martin. I
spanked you when you was small for the love of you,
and I'm proud to think them spankings helped to make a
man of you. Keep on, my son. an' you'll be first ser
geant of the old troop in anotht-r year, like your father
before you." •
"Achoo!"
Healy was seized with an attack of pnrezing. po that
he buried his face in his handkerchief. Little Mother
Revell's tanned and wrinkl.d face whitened and she
looked reproachfully at the farrier with big. pray, sor
rowful eyes. Fin himself turned red and opened several
_ bottles of beer in his confusion.
"And I'll bet my father made a good one." said the
young sergeant. "Eh, mother? You never tell me much
about him."
"It was so long- ago, dear," the laundress" answered In
a whisner.
There came a rap on the door, peremptory and offi
cial, and Martin rose and opened it. 'letting into the room
a shi\>r-compclling gust of wind and a whirl of snow.
"Halloa. Seddon!" he cried. "What's up? Come in!"
A snow-bespattered orderly, coated and befurred, en
tered with a stamping of overshoes.
"With the major's compliments to Mrs. Revell." he
said formally, "and he knows when stripes should be
wetted."
The orderly grinned and placed two bottles of wine on
the table aiTl dashed '"'in again to resume nis post at the
house of the major commanding.
Tears sprang- to Mother Re,vell's eyes, and her son
reddened with pleasure.
"How kind of the old major!" she said. "He's been
a good friend to me. To think he should remember your
promotion. Martin."
"Ah, it's you he remembers, mother." cried Martin.
"Do you think he forgets how you nursed him when the
Apaches gave him that bullet in the ribs?"
"Faith." Healy muttered, "an' maybe he moinds fur
ther back than that, me hoy. when he Vv-uz only a sargint
hisself In the war. an" yer mother nursed more nor him
through the bullet fever."
"Healy!" cried Mother Revell, nervomAy.
"Mam." said the long-legged, red-haired corporal,
'shall I be afther opentn' B bottle of wine?"
"Is it shampeen?" cried the farrier, excitedly, "or
maybe sherry wine?"
"Pass me the bottle. Fin. ay ye pleate," said Healy,
"an* oi'll be afther tellin' yez. It's naythur. It's port, an
fM<l-fashioned gintleman's wine. Misthress Revell, me
grandfather had dozens uv it in his castle in th' ould
c-ounthry,"
"Give it here," 'the fnrrier cried, waving n corkscrew.
"Fin Strait." p;;id th" corporal, suddenly unatening it,
while he frowned upon his friend. "In a matter of this
gintility. yell be koind enough to remimber me r;iiik is
Fhuperior to yours."
And he opened the bottle with dignity.
They had but once sipped the unwonted liquor, and
were beginning to comment upon its taste, when once
again there came a rap tipon the door, a rap as peremp
tory and official ns the first. Fin Strait, fearful of intrus
ively thirsty throats, hid the second bottle promptly, and
Mother Revell drew nearer the stove, away from the
draft of the opening door. Again the snow drifted in as
Martin Revell ' answered the knock, and again a snow
bespattered orderly entered. This time it was the orderly
■ trumpeter from the sergeant maior's office.
"Sorry to disturb you, Mrs. Revell," he said. "Order
from the adjutant's office, sergeant."
"Hello!" shouted, the sergeant, reading the order.
"Paymaster coming up from Fort Nickerson. Healy."
"It's time." growled the corporal. "It's stony .1 am."
'Mother, I'm In charge of the escort to meet him at
"n olf Creek— start right away— meet him to-morrow noon.
That breaks up our party."
"Aw!" the farrier cried. "The sergeant major don't
know how to run a rorUer. It's nr t your turn."
"Junior sergeart heads the list"." said the orderly,
briefly. "Thank you. Mrs. Revell— your health! My word!
T\ me? You're tony!"
"I'll report at the office with my men and the escort
I GOT into politics naturally enough and yet accident
ally—at least not purposely. I went into the army
in 1862 when but 16 years of age, and before I had
completed my education. I served three years until
the close of the war, and then at 19 came home from
the excitements of the field and resumed my studies.
It was a time of great political events. There was in
tense feeling. Great men were on the stage and great
questions were engaging attention. We were working
out the settlements of the war. I naturally took inter
est in all that was occurring and thus became familiar
with politics before quitting- the academic life.
I left school notwithstanding, without any thought
of engaging in public affairs. On the contrary, I had
a fixed determination to adhere strictly and exclusively
to the practice of the law. I got along very well in that
, profession until General Grant's second campaign in
1872. I was his great admirer, and could not resist the
• temptation to take the stump and make answer as best I
could to the fierce charges of various kinds that were
- made against him. This was the putting of the hand to
'.he plow, and there was no turning back.
The demands for campaign work grew with the
years, and before I knew it I was being mentioned
favorably in connection with official position, and fin
ally in April, 1579, I had my first personal political suc
cess in the shape of an election to the office of Judge of
the Superior Court of Cincinnati.
After three years of agreeable official life I became
HI, and on that account resigned. 1 quickly regained
my health, however, and once more engaged in the
practice of law. I had no thought of returning to pub
lic life. I was therefore surprised as well as gratified
when the following year. 1883, I was nominated for Gov
ernor without opposition and by acclamation. Since
then I have had a very active and at times rather
tempestuous experience.
BY R. F. Black
MOTHER REVELL RUSHED TO HER SON AND FLUNG HERSELF ENTREATINGLY ON Hib BREAST,
BUT NOT BEFORE Hl s REVOLVER HAD CRACKED.
wagon in half an hour," said the sergeant. "Good-night,
mother!"
"It's a bitter cold night for escort duty," said Mother
Revell. anxiously. "Wear all your furs, Martin, and take
as many blankets as you can manage for camp. Wait,
I'll fill a flask of the maior's port."
'"She knows it all." Fin Strait murmured admiringly,
toasting his toes at the stove. "She's an old \varhors> . is
your mother, Martin. Goodby! We'll linish the wine
drinkin' good luck to you."
Mother Revell let her tall boy out. kissing him good
night, and returned with a shiver to the fire.
"Mam," said the farrier, softly. "I beg your pardon
for that slip about his father. 1 forgot."
"Hush:" said Mother Revell. paling. "There's only
you and Healy and the major left that knows the truth
of it. The boy need never know. Come-, you've all given
toasts but me. Here's mine. The new sergeant! May he
never know trouble."
There was a tear in her eye as she .sipped the wine.
The harness of the six-mule team shook merrily in the
moonlight, but the wheels of the escort wagon were al
most soundless in the deep snow. The wind tossed up
great drifts, through which the mules plunged with snort
ing breath— breath that passed out on the rreezing air in
white clouds. Round and round, all about, west where
the foothills cuddled close to the mountains, norm, east
and south, there was nothing to be seen but tne soft,
white moonlight, falling upon the bolder white of the flat
and snowy plains. The escort, not yet appeased at their
fortune in being turned out for such duty on so cold a
night, growled within the canvas covering of the wagon
or tried to sleep. The night passed thus monotonously,
and it was nearly dawn when the junior sergeant awoko
and was softly called by the teamster In front. They
were fording an icy stream at a bend, where the creek
split and broke about a wooded island, a bushy strip of
land some twenty yards broad. The gray-bearded citizen
driver jerked his fur hat toward the isle.
"D'ye mind, Martin, when you was a kid at the post
school, and the paymaster's clerk was brought in dead
find the money gone? 'Twas there they done it — Wild
Horse Bend."
"I remember something of it," Martin annwered. "ten
or twelve years back. One of them was shot. There's
never been any trouble up here since, has there?"
"Nope," said the teamster, yawning.
All day they made camp and rested their mules at
Wolf Creek; lighted a roaring fire and ate steaks from
an antelope a lucky shot had gathered in. A^noon there
dashed up, with a clatter of harness and a cloud of crisp
snow, the paymaster's ambulance, and, behind it, the
escort from Fort Nickerson. The impatient officer, anx
ious to get on, announced his intention of resting just
long enough to feed and refresh his team and then riding
through the night, and paying off next day.
Once more the escort climbed into their wagon, shortly
before sunset, but now they had to dispense with the can
vas shelter and keep broadly awake, following closely the
paymaster's lighter ambulance, precious with the treas
ure of two months' pay for 400 men. The moonlight was
gone; gray clouds had sullenly been driven up by the
scourging wind. The sno%v drifted so thickly that the
air looked as in a snowstorm. By 10 at night, when they
came to AVild Horse Bend, the teamsters were pressing
forward their teams and thinking of bllksards. The es
cort was fifty yards behind, when the ambulance rmiles
slowed down and began to ford the stream at the island.
The soldiers' sore eyes were weary, facing the wind and
piercing darkness, and the teamster was too cold to swear
much as he urged his wagon after the lighter vehicle!
They were hut a few yards behind, when from the bushes
of the isle sounded the quick crack of a rifle and the am
bulance driver gave first a cry of pain arid then a tempest
of curses. The echo of the first shot still sang in the
wood, when "blng. bing!" replied the revolvers of the
ready paymaster and his clerk. Somebody shouted a
command, and four dark forms leaped from the brush.
"Hands up! Grab that bag, Jack, on the front seat!
Hands up. d— n you! Quick!"
"Drop that bag!" cried the paymaster. "Sergeant!"
And then came a dreadful scream as a pistol cracked
at his eye and he fell back dead.
The soldiers were out of the wagon, plunging through
the drifts, and even as the paymaster fell Sergeant Revell
discharged his carbine and dashed to the rescue, followed
by the men. At the ambulance the clerk was fighting
furiously; the precious bag he had thrown between his
feet. Then the soldiers were upon them and it wis all
over. The robbers had not been quick enough in their
daring dash. The man at the heads of tho plunging mules
slipped off first, and the other three dashed across the
half-frozen water a,t the sight of the blue and belted over
coats. The squad fired a volley after then:, futile in the
storm and darkness, but Sergeant Revell tniddenly darted
from the others, plunging kneedeep into the creek. One
of the outlaws had slipped and Btumblpd in the stream.
In a breath the agile lad was on top of him. and strug
gling, choking, half-drowned, but clinging like bulldogs.
the two men rolled over the pebbly bottom. Martin held
fast, and quickly others came to his assistance with
ropes. In a few minutes the prisoner, bound cruelly tight,
lay at the bottom of the wagon, a mat for the soldiers'
feet, and the teams were away at a swift trot for the
post, the pay chest safe, but the paymaster murdered.
Mother Revell, r>]rl campaigner and fearless of weath
ers, pulled on a warmly lined pair of rubber boots that
showed honestly beneath her sensibly short skirts, wrap
HOW TO SUCCEED IN POLITICS
In my first campaign for Governor the liquor ques
tion was uppermost in the minds of the people, and I
was defeated, but two years later, in 1885, I was re
nominated and elected. 1 was re-elected in 18S7 and
renominated in 1889 for the fourth time and for a third
term and again defeated.
I was a candidate for United States Senator in 1892,
"but was defeated by Senator Sherman, who received
fifty-three votes to my thirty-eight. In 1896 I was
elected to the Senate without Republican opposition.
I attended the National Republican Conventions of
1884, 1888, 1892 and 1896, each time as a delegate at large
and each time chosen by acclamation. In 1884 and
again in 1888 I was chairman of the Ohio delegation,
and both times presented the name of Senator Sher
man as Ohio's candidate for the Presidency.
In 1892 and again in 1896 I was chairman of the com
mittee on resolutions, and as such each time reported
the national Republican platform to the convention. 1
also, in 1896, placed President McKinley's name in nomi
nation. In all these years I have taken an active part
on the stump, not only in Ohio, but also in other States.
I mention all this because i am asked to do so and
because it will indicate that I have not only had con
siderable experience, but that it has been of a varied
character. While I have had some successes, I
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, IS9S.
,pcd a warm shawl over her head and shoulders and ven
tured boldly away from her little cottage by the creek,
plodding through the knee-deep snow. The blizzard which
the teamster had scented afar had blown past, and again
the wind was stilled, so that the drifts lay motionless,
freezing crisply in the moonless night. Number One on
the guardhouse porch, beyond the lines of barracks and
officers' houses, lonely in its grimness, saw her coming, a
cloth-covered basket on her arm, and challenged her with
smiling- ceremony.
"Who comes there?" he cried, and she answered
cheerily, "A friend."
"You bet you are, Mother Revell." said the sentry,
and helped her onto the porch. "Want to see the ser
geant?"
He opened the guardroom door and pushed her gently
in.
"Another prisoner for you, sergeant," he said, and
grinned.
"Holloa, mother!" cried the sergeant of the guard,
coming forward from his little office bedroom. "What
brings you out in the snow?"
"It's Mother Revell!" the troopers called out, throw
ing aside cards and jumping from their bunks, "and a
basket. What's in the basket?"
"I thought." said the little gentle-eyed woman, who,
for all her long, rough life with the army, could yet blush
pleasantly. "I thought as it was Martin's first guard fis a
sergeant, you boys wouldn't mind if I just fixed you all
a lunch, seeing its so cold."
The sergeant laughed and gave the little woman a
boy's hard squeeze.
"You ought to tie brevetted colonel!" screeched the
young trumnrtr'r.
"Ach! Mvitter Revell! Why vas you not secretary of
var made alretty?" a Dutchman grunted.
Number One poked his head in at the door anxiously.
"Make them keep some tor me, Mrs. Revell." he crierl,
earnestly. "I've half ah hour yet to freeze out here."
Hot mince pies and a can of better than messroom
coffee came from the big basket, and the'soldiers ate with
boisterous good humor. Mrs. Revell sat on the rdge of a
trunk and eyed them comfortably. She knew them all.
knew many of their secrets, as she had known recruit and
veteran, private and sergeant of the old troop for twenty
years and more. Her quick gray eyes glanced from orw
to the other motherly.
"Brown," she said, "is them your best boots? Mind
you draw a new pair next clothing issue. You'll be on
the sick report with pneumonia if you don't take care.
Billy McNab, how's your arm? T\ought you knew better
than let your horse throw you. Have you got enough
coffee? Martin, boy?"
"How. mother?"
Mrs. Revell glanced at the barred and closed door of
the common prison roojn.
"Mayn't they have some, poor things?"
"Oh, we're empty to-night, mother. There's only old
Barney Constable— the usual thing— and he's sleeping it
off."
"Poor old Barney! T doubt but they'll bobtail him in
the end. Where's the— the stage robber?" she whispered.
"Sulking in his cell there. I guess they'll ship him oft!
to the civil authorities soon if the rpads open up. If it
hadn't been for the blizzard they'd have sent him before
this. We've had him five days now. and the adjutant
don't like the responsibility <>t" keeping such a desperate
murderer in this old wooden shack."
Mother Revoll had a little of a woman's curiosity and
a great deal of a woman's tenderness.
"He must be cold in that dark cell," she murmured.
"Won't you give him a mug of hot coffee?"
"He'd only growl and refuse it."
"Let me," said Mother Revell, with innate Red Cross
proclivities.
She took the tin cup and filled it steaming full, and
took as well a piece of pie. With these- she stepped
lightly along the dark corridor to the rurthest cell, a
dark and chilly dungeon, utterly lonesome, securely
barre/1. She paused timidly a foot away from the grating.
By the smoky light of the oil lamp in the corridor she
made out to see a bundle of blankets In the far corner.
"Would yon like a cup of coffee and a piece of hot
pie?" asked Mother Revell.
The blanket was slipped from a shaggy, gray-haired,
gray-bearded head, and two eves, redshot, stared out.
"I've brought you a cup—"
The, blankets were tossed aside, and the prisoner made
a spring at the bars. His lips were apart in surprise; his
hands shook: his eyos were eager.
"Good Lord! Are you still with the boys?" he whis
pered. /■ .
The mug of coffee shook in Mother Revell's hand until
much of the draft was spilled on the worn-out boards
but Mother Revell had courage and wit ana presence of
mind, developed by her unusual training. She neither
screamed nor fainted, but her breath came pantingly
"You again!" she whispered at last, and they were,
silent, staring at each other, the man with an astonished'
half-pleased smile, the woman white and dazed. At last
she found herself and pushed the coffee and pie between
the ba.rs.
''Drink it!" she murmured. "I shall see you again "
He nodded to her and gulped the hot drink down 'and
took the pie.
Mother Revell had been gone but two minutes when
she came back to the guardroom.
Did that brute frighten you?" cried Martin. "You
are white as your apron "
"Hush, Martin," said the old lady with a shiver.
BY SENATOR JOSEPH B. FORAGER OF OHIO.
,7 • - **/T - ,~-v .*~ ****** v \* ** vvvVvVVv vv%o v v v
hasp also had my full share of defeats and disapoint
ments. Some of these defeats have been because of my
. own . faults and mistakes and . some of them because of
conditions and circumstances beyond .my ; control. De
feats generally hurt a man, especially when 1 attributable
to his own mistakes, but they are not ■-.. insurmountable
even in such cases when accepted uncomplainingly and
■ AY mv l ydo not inv olve lack of 'integrity, or sincerity.
The people do not expect or really desire: perfection, *
or. even. a very close approximation to it; I do not know
_ but that they like those who now, and then show that
they are flesh i and blood by : ordinary mistakes of i judg
ment better than those who never fail to do exactly the
■ right thing. v It is the difference between hot blood and
cold; impulse and calculation. r :  '■'.'■.:■,%■'. ■;■-'
Mr. Ford has done a good work by his new book,
"The True ' George Washington." . He has brought 'I that '
: great - character .; with all 5 its work and sublimity .: into
closer .touch with ! mankind. He has I established . a 3 rela
tionship between Washington and the rest of the* hu
man family," whereas according to Weems and most
• other ; biographers,; there was none, and as a I .result -there
is a marked increase of affectionate regard and '■ admira
: . tion for the father of his country. Since we know that ;
, with ;; all ; his ' greatness and goodness •he - yet i had ' many
of the * shortcomings that afflict s other ' people, we feel
"Don't call him that. ..It was only the darK and cold of
that lonely cell that frightened me." '-■■'-.■■
"Ha, ha!" the- troopers laughed. "A veteran of the
war frightened by the, dark! Oh, Mother Revell!" ■ -
The delicate flush, so readily provoked on Mrs. Rev
ell's cheek, saved her pallor from being again noticed.
"Has the major seen him?" she asked quietly of her
son. '- ' • : . '.-,, .'■ -.■■■-■■.'...'. :;'(" . ■
"No; only the adjutant, but the fellow's cute. • He
won't talk. Nobody is allowed to see him. Angels of
mercy are,' of course, excepted." . .
He patted his mother's cheek, and she tried to laugh,
then took her basket and bade them all goodnight and a
quiet guard. She walked steadily home, tramping brave
ly through the drifts, answering cheerily enough . the
greetings of a 1 party of officers she met as they came out
of the club. but. once home, she locked and barred -the
door, put out the light, .and sat. her face hidden in her
hands," until morning, by the stove. <
Before the bugles sounded reveille round the white
counterpaned parade ground she was up and ousy, poking
into odd corners for something she ffowningly sought. At
last she found it. a little steel tool, and she slipped it in
the bosom of her dress. She fed the stove and made cof
foe again and filled her can. , Then, while the dawn hung
timorously in doubt, and the sky. in the east was slowly
trembling from violet to gray, she pulled on. her boots and
took her shawl . and once , more started for the guard
house. There the men were weary, and ■ those not out on
post were sleeping. The young sergeant was wrapped in
his blankets, sound and snoring, and a drowsy corporal
was in charge. He brightened at sight of Mother Revell's
can. ■ . ■
"Begum, but you'll spile the sergeant with yer cod
dlin'!" he said. "Shall I wake him?"
Mother Revell shook her head, and poured out a mug
ful for the grateful corporal. ■=' ■
"Is he asleep?" she asked, nodding toward the pris
oner's cell. •
"Nop. Just now he was swearin' at the cold." -I. ■;--:i
"It is horribly cold in there," she said. "Won't you
give him a cup?" •.
"Shucks,. Mrs. Revell, ye're all heart. 'Twas him
killed the paymaster."
"That's not certain yet." said Mother Revell. sudden
ly shaking. "But it would be cold for a dog in there. Let
me." ' :■•: ■• . '■■' , . : ..\ •'■.• ■ .' ■ ■• ■', „ ■ ■■■■'■'
The corporal shrugged his shoulders. It was nard to
refuse Mother Revell anything. So. again she slipped
along the corridor. : The -prisoner must have heard her
voice, for he was already at the bars.
■ "Bessie," he hoarsely whispered. "You're the same as
ever — a good old girl. And you haven't forgotten the old
man. A corner of your heart for him still, eh?" • . ■:.. /
She shrunk from his bloated face for a moment, the
next she stepped determinedly to the grating.
"Listen,'.' she murmured hurriedly. "Don't touch my
hand. I'm going to help you. but not for your sake— for
the same reason I helped you before, when. In your drink
ing craze, you shot the cowboy in Dodge. I wanted to
save my boy the shame of hearing his father was hanged.
I want to save him again." •
"Little Martin— the baby! Bessie, is he here? Let me
see him— Bess!" '■■.:;: . .
."Never." she cried . fiercely. "He's doing well, he's a
boy to be proud of. , He studies and will pass for a com
mission in time. He knows nothing of your life, of you,
and never shall. I'd die first. Do you think I'd see the
boy creep about In shame for his father, a deserter, twice
a murderer? Could he hold up his head among his com
rades when he's an officer and a gentleman, as he will be,
as he deserves to be? See you! Never! You must go
away— escape, else there are some here -will recognize
you."
She was trembling now, and he gulped the steaming
coffee sulkily. The men snored; the corporal nodded over
his stove. . .
"What name have you gone by? You dare not call
yourself Revell?"
"Hardly."" he grinned.
"Take this.", she said.. and gave him the tool from her
dress, vit's all T could find— gimlet. You bore hole af
ter hole in the planking of the floor, until a piece is loose.
It's slow and you must be cautious of the guard seeing,
you. Get through by night after next if you can. for they
are eager to send you to prison. There's a foot and a
half between floor and ground. You can crawl out.' It
was done once by a man at Fort McKinney. Look out for
Number One. He nasses around the guardhouse every
quarter of an hour." .
He took the tool eagerly and she turned away.
- "Bessie!'-'- .
Phe paused.
"I saw in a paper that Pollock was made a major. He
always had luck. You and T remember him as a big buck
private when I was a sergeant in the war. Say. Is he— is
he stuck on you still? I cut him out for fair then, didn't
I? T half thought you'd get a divorce and marry him."
Slto looked at him fiercely.
"The major's a good man. not fit for you to name. Get
away from here as quick as you can. and remember this-
there's only one thing I love in the world, and that's trie
boy."
She slipped quickly from him and through the guard
room, past the drowsy corporal and regained her home
before the sun waa ><t above the plain's far rim.
111.
The young sergeant came to his mother's little break
fast table in poor humor.
"Mother, can you give me something to eat?" he cried.
"They've detailed a new cook, and he can't either bake
beans or make coffee. The mess breakfast was ruined.
This is something like. Nobody, alive or dead, ever made
hash like you. mother, and this is coffee, not bootleg. Say,
mother, you're pale. What have you been doing to your
"I?" she answered, and the soft, sweet pink spread on
her cheek. "I'm all right, Martin. Are you off duty to
day?"
He shook his head.
"No such luck. Guard," he answered, and bent hun
grily over his plate.
Mother Revell paled again and trembled.
"Guard!" she said at last. "Why, Martin, you were
on the night before last."
"Can't help it. Seheidermann's gone slclc: Foley s act
ing sergeant major; McMillan's on detached service,
much better acquainted with him, and look upon him
as a : Tore agreeable person to meet on the pathway of
life.
Recurring now to your Questions, it is upon this kind
of experience that I would advise a young man to con
sider well before he enters politics. Unless he has apti
tude for public affairs he is not likely to succeed, and if
he has power to succeed he must expect all kinds of upa
and downs. To-day successful and popular: to-morrow,
defeated and censured; sometimes justly, but more fre
quently unjustly.
To withstand all this he must have good nature and
the qualities of self-adaptation. He must learn that his
own i- :rsonality is not important to anybody but him
self, id consequently the people do not care anything
about his grievances. He must keep them to himself.
When he meers with disappointment he must accept
it as all right and b« satisfied to abide by it no matter
how permanent its consequences may be. Tf time
should enable him to recover, as it probably will, it will
not only be clear gain, but he will be stronger than
ever, while if he does not recover he is no worse off be
cause of keeping his temper.
I do not think any programme cp.n 'oe outlined for
a young man excepting in the most general way.
Situations are constantly changing and one is likely to
mending telegraph wires; Fairleigh's provost sergeant,
and so on. There's only Bob Otis and I for duty— one
night i n "
"It's a shame," she cried, jumping up in a passion of
fear. "You can't; you must not!"
"Why, mother?" „ . ,„
"You, you— l'll go and speak to the Major!
"What on earth! Mother, you know such things often
happen. It's all in the five years. Don't get excited.
"You— you'll be ill," she began to cry. "It 11 tire you
"Mother," he said, stepping to her side and petting
her, "you are ill. Why, you, of all people, know one night
in is no hardship. It won't last. Look here, I m going to
ask the hospital steward' to send you down a tonic, ana
don't you move from your stove to-day. I'll run up and
see you at dinner time. Now, I must hurry and clean my
He" left her shaking silently, but turned at the open
"That hangdog roadagent is to be sent to the railway
to-morrow. The sheriff will take charge of him there.
Mother Revell huddled up in. her chair as tne door
closed behind her and became a nervous bundle of anx
ious fears.
"To-night." she muttered. "He must escape to-night.
And Martin on guard! If he should fail, if the guard
shoots him— a son shoot his father down! O! O! And v
he succeeds, Martin will be tried for allowing the escape,
for neglect of duty and be reduced! It will ruin his
chance of promotion. O! O!" .
She sat stunned until the bugles on the parade grouna
announced guard mount. She stole to the window, ana
watched. Crash went the band; all the familiar, stirring
maneuvers were performed in the bright winter sun. The
band ceased; the adjutant and sergeant major salutea;
the shrill bugles advanced, and the new guard marchea
off to the guardroom, the tall and bright-eyed young ser
geant in command. She could hear his clear voice even
when he was out of sight at the distant guardhouse—
"New guard! Present arms!"
Evening stable call and the troopers in white stable
dress, trotting at double time through tne rrosty air of
the falling day— supper call— retreat and the sunset gun.
Martin ran in to see her and found her so white ne re
solved to bring the post surgeon in the morning. DarK
ness, but she lighted no lamp, and at last came tattoo ana
taps to usher in a windy night, with white clouds swiftly
crossing the half moon. Night— the final click of the bil
liard balls in the club, the linal «ong at Captain West s
evening party, the first silent round of the officer of the
day. The sentry at the guardhouse lifted up his voice:
"Number One, 12 o'clock:" and from the corral, from the
cavalry stables, from the haystacks and from the distant
sawmill came the swift replies of lonely sentinels— "l 2
o'clock and all's well!"
Mothar Revell rose up. unable to wait longer to bear
the suspense. She stole from the house. Well she knew
the old post and how to hide in the shadows and how to
avoid the sentries. Unseen, filled with a shuddering dis
gust with herself at having so to hide, she gained the
rear of the guardhouse. There, there stood a little clump
of scrub oaks by a spring of clear water, and in their
shadows the little woman crouched and watched.
Tramp, tramp, tramp, to the end of the porch; «to the
rear, march! and tramp, tramp, tramp to the other end;
shift carbine to the other shoulder, and it's time to pa
trol round the guardhouse. So went Numoer One, monot
onously, distractingly. Once, twice, thrice and four times
he passed round the 'building, and it was 1 o'clock. Again
he sang the hour, and again came back the distant echo
ing sentries' calls, "All's we;i!"
Mother Revell was in a fever; she felt no cold; her
eyes sought continuously the yawning blackness between
the walls of the old guardhouse and the snowy ground.
Again the faithful sentry passed around and went back
to the porch. A minuto passed, and something protruded
from beneath the guardhouse, reaching out to the white
snow, stealthily, on its belly, like a great, sneaking cat.
Mother Revell clasped her hands and shook and watched.
Inch by inch he came— the murderer, a big man, while the
hole was narrow. The moon glanced upon him and sho
saw the glitter of his excited, determined eyes. Inch by
inch, without a sound, he dragged himself to freedom,
and Number One continued to tramp the wooden porch
unsuspectingly. The man was out and on his feet, stoop
ing low. glancing here and there to make sure of the light
direction to run. . , ...
"Quick, quick! Oh. man, be off with you, quick!
murmured Mother Revell.
As if he heard her he started to run through the deep
snow soundlessly. One step he took, and Mother Revell
closed her eyes "in despair. The man's legs, cramped by
confinement, were uncertain. His toe struck a rock in
the snow, and he fell, noisily bumping against the wooden
wall. At that he forget himself, or became at once reck
less, and swore aloud.
"Sergeant of the guard!" the sentry shouted, ana
dashed round the house, while inside tumult and clashing
steel resounded. The prisoner picked himself up, nut
slipped and slid again before he could start afresh, so that
Number One. carbine loaded and cocked, was on his
heels. It was no intention of the sentry's to kill, but
rather to recapture alive. He brought the butt to the
front swiftly and thrust viciously to knock his man over
like a rabbit. The running blow missed, and in an instant
the prisoner turned, a shaggy, wild-eyed ima^e of desper
ation. They closed, but for a sec"ohd. The next instant
the sentry lay on the snow and the prisoner had the car
bine. He was off again with a clash, but now the guard
came running out, Sergeant Revell ten paces in advance,
revolver at the ready.
"Halt, or I fire!"
"The prisoner swung about and brought the carbin*
to his shoulder. A scream came from the spring, and
mother Revell ran out. wring-ing her hands.
"No! no! Both of you. Don't shoot!"
She rushed to her son and flung herself emreatingly
on his breast, but not before his revolver had cracked.
The prisoner was a second later. I'nhurt by Martin's
bullet, he returned the fire as Mother Revell clasped her
boy. Martin heard his mother cry out. in pain, and fplt
her fall heavily forward upon his rescuing arm. The
guard rushed past, carbines ready, in pursuit of the fugi
tive, but the sergeant of thp guard paid no attention to
them. He picked the little unconscious woman up in his
arms and dashed away to the post hospital, terror in his
eyes.
IV.
"How is she?"
"Is she better?"
"Ts there any chance for her?"
All day long the men came slipping up to the hospital
and whispered their anxious inquiries in the attendants*
ears, and went off in gloom when the steward pursed his
lips and shook his head.
Toward evening she became sensible, and found Mar
tin in the room with the doctor, and a tall mustached fig
ure in the shadows of a corner.
"Martin." she whispered, "are you hurt, boy?"
"T wish I wore, dear little mother." he cried, "so that
you were safe."
"Hush! None of that now. sergeant, or you'll have to
get out." the doctor said, as the lad flung himself on his
knees by the bed
Mother Revell petted her-boy'shand weakly, and her
eyes sought the corner.
"Is it you. major?" she asked, softly, and the officer
commanding came silently to her side.
"Mother Revell." he whispered, "don't you wish to
speak to me?"
She paused, closing her eyes, and then opened them
upon the doctor.
"Tve seen many of the poor boys go, doctor, she
said. "Tel! me.'"
And he told her. The doctor took Martin by the shoul
der and pushed him out before him gently. ;md the maior
and Mother Revell were left alone. At once she asked:
"He was caught?"
"He was shot down. dead. Bessie."
"And you recognized him?"
"But nobody else. Bessie. Nobody shaTl know he was
Sergeant Revell."
''Thank you. major." sho sighed, with a content that
almost stifled her pain. "Martin will never know when—
when hps an officer and a erentleman. Major, you've been
very, v^ry good and kind."
"I'd have done more if you'd let me. Bessie," he an
swered.
"Do it for Martin," she pleaded. "He's not like hi 3
father."
. "No. no, Bess — like you. dear girl, like you. Bess."
She looked at him with a faint shake of the head.
"Bess, give me a right to be a father to the boy.
Thrice I've asked you. and you refused, though Revell
was eood as dead."
"For your sakp. major. I'm only a laundress."
"I rose from the ranks." he replied. "I don't want to
think that the rascal who spoiled your Jire won 'to the.
end. I've been patient. Let me remember you as my
wife— take my name."
Afrain she motioned "No."
"I've monpy. Bess, and Martin will bp my son — I hay«
influence, and Martin, as my son. w,jll draw on it natur
ally."
"You attack the weaker wing, major," she answered,
and pressed his hand.
"Yes?"
"Yes."
He stooped and kissed her and hurried out to send his
orderly for the post chaplain. Martin, r>ew!!dered. wag
there, and the doctor, and these alr.ne saw Mother Rpvpll
acknowledge the mistake of her hasty girlhood, and mar
ry at last the man who had patipntly waited.
After that she lay in pain, sinking swiftly, and grpw a
little delirious, and saw into the future, uppaking of her
hoy as "Captain Revell. a gallant officer and «*entlpman."
At 9 o'clock she was very weak, but sensible, and sent
messages to a number of her children— the jrHpf-strickpn
trooners. Shortly, she whispered to them to open tho
window, although it was very cold, and they did so.
"I want to hear the bugles." she said.
Soon they sounded— the last, last friendly, loving call
to rest— taps.
be called upon to meet unforeseen exigencies
lhat will turn his career into unexpected direc
tions, but this much a young man can always
regard as absolutely essential to genuine
success in any of the important # walks or rela
tions of life, public or private: he must be a
hard worker.
No matter what bis intellectual endowments
may be, investigation and preparation will al
ways be necessary to the satisfactory discharge
3f public duty. The men who- depend upon nat
ural "genius" or upon the "inspiration of the
moment" are not safe examples to follow.
And not only must he be diligent, but he
must be honest and sincere in all he does. Only
temporary advantages can be obtained by a sac
rifice of these qualities, and they are never
worth what they cost.
There is only one safe rule, and that is to
stand at all times for honest conviction without
equivocation or dissembling of any kind. His
views may be erroneous, or if correct they can
not prevail, but however that may be, a man
is strong only when he advocates what he be
lieves.
Following these ideas one should attain as
high a success as his qualifications may fit him
for. Assuming that they are of the best, and
that he attains important place and high dis
tinction, are the rewards sufficient to justify the
struggles and sacrifices involved?
The salaries -of public officials are Inconse
quential. They are seldom sufficient to pay ex
penses. The honors are all that is left. Nine
times out of ten they ara Heating and unsatis
factory.PERILOUS ADVENTURES OF THE FIRST MISSIONARY TO ENTER THIBET
REV. D. W. LE LACHEUR has just returned from a mis
sionary trip into the wilds of Thibet. He was given special
passports by the native authorities, but duty took him
through sections of the country, like the robbsr districts,
where all authority was defied. He was the first one to pass
through the great gate between China and Thibet, and which was
flung open to qualified travelers holding the ofiicial permission for
the first time last August. Dr. Le Lacheur's life was threatened
numerous times by privations and murderous bands of natives,
but he succeeded at last in reaching the land of the Grand
Buddha, where he was received as the Grand Lama of all the
Americas. '
Dr. Le Lacheur established vis mission and then returned to this
country. It was while Dr. Le Lacheur was experiencing his hair
breadth escapes and thrilling adventures in one part cf the coun
try that Henry Savage Landor was undergoing tortures in an
other part of the country for daring to venture there.
IN accordance with an edict
given by the command and or
der of "his Gracious. Exalted.
Heaven-appointed Majesty, the
Emperor Kang Hsi. and the
Emperor Kwang Hsll—
We command and proclaim, as
the Incarnation of the Imperial
Minister. "No-mon-har.er." of the
■Stag-dge-temple," called "Dar
rgyasgllng":
At this time we give a Passport
to an American (as follows':
This man having come a distance
o: 86.000 11 (3000 miles.) via Peking,
Mongolia and China to Thibet;
.Should thrro be any injurious
•: enemy who would rob or steal, you
' yourselves know, with your five
senses, there is capital punishment,
ani you shall not escape righteous
sentence. All should separate from
an injurious heart and cleave to a
.useful heart.
' Given, written and sealed tn the
• 23rd year of the reign of the Em
■ peror Kwang Hsil the "Chicken"
yenr, "th Moon. 15th day, at. the
of Stay-dge-temple".
May you have great happiness !
This passport contains a drop of
gold.
The above is a ropy of the free trans
lation by a Thibetan priest of a for
.' midable looking passport, one and a
quarter yards long and twenty-seven
inches in width, inscribed in huge red
nn.l black characters by the hand of
:"- .the living Buddha himself, bearing
four imperial seals, and issued to the
Rev. D. W. L<e Lacheur, general super
intendent of the Christian and Mis
sionary Allianrr- for China. Japan.
Mongolia and Thibet. Dr. Le Lacheur
has just arrived by the Doric from
Hongkong, on his return to New York.
This gifted traveler relates with
livid earnestness his many experiences
Willie journeying to a point beyond the
• •. great gate of Thibet, which up to last
. . August was closed against mission
•. aries. Dr. Le Lacheur was the first
• one to pass its portals.
.' j In dwelling upon the distance to be
jovered after leaving the seaport be-
;' ; .71 6 HADOW Is a wonderful thin*, j
i - : • 71 and to the small boy It Is some
;. A times a a wonderful said i
and to the small boy it is some
times a frightful thing." said
i :•. •r™\ Clivette one evening in his dress
..'.-«L Jl ing room at the Orpheum, "nor.
I .'.'■' . la the little urchin alone In his
: . r terror, for an eclipse has horrified
• fin Mr* nations, and yet If there were no
• ■". "nlnulown thero would bo no night, no I
.■. • Vlilblo «tant, no art and certainly human j
• *njoym«nt would bo unknown. Bo much
.Wlpt shadows la tbc abstract, j
fore the country was reached, Dr.
Lacheur said:
•Our route lying through Northern
China, we re-embarked fur Shanghai
traveling by boat 300 miles up the
"iang-tse-Kiang River. Three and a
half days were consumed in making
Luhu, our next station, and the jour
ney onward to Peking was made in
carts, a mode of travel before which
the dangers and discomforts of a sea
voyage sink into utter insignificance.
"The wheels of a Chinese cart do not
revolve upon the axle, but the axle
itself revolves. There is a springless
box above it in which your bed, an
essential part of a traveler's outfit, is
placed, your baggage is compactly
stored, and you seat yourself up.-n
your bed in the bottom of the cart.
The driver takes his position forward
upon the shafts behind his lean ani
mal.
"The roads axe never mended and
hence are full of the deepest ruts.
Throughout an entire Journey the trav
eler is compelled to keep a firm grip
with both hands upon each side of the
cart. A lapse even into momentary
forgetfulness is apt to result in his
being flung about like a pea In a hot
pan. I learned this to my cost, for I
entered Peking with one of the black
est eyes I have had since I was a boy.
"At Peking, composed ot three or
dinary- cities, and the dirtiest city in all
dirty China, we abandoned the carts
and employed mules as a means of
transportation.
"With a master who lives upon 2'«
cents per day for food, the Chinese
mule seldom displays superabundant
energy and spirit from overfeeding, but
he has life enough to carry a rider. A
folded cloth is put over his sharp bark
bone, a saddle, or frame made of four
pieces of wood, is placed over the
cloth, your satchel is then slung upon
one side and your trunk attached to
the other side, while your indispens
HERE IS THE WAY TO MAKE CLEVER SHADOW PICTURES.
"Now. : ) COBM down to shadows app'ih"-u j
to everyday life, and more particularly
as a means of amusement, many a long
winter night ha? been pleasantly spent
by the children watching the fox. rabbit,
duck, etc., on the wall," continued the
master shadowgraphlst. "Historically
the work of the shadowgraphist !s first
spoken of In the quaint Chinese fable of
little Tslng-TBing, the Chinese witch who
enticed all tho unlucky Tle-You strip
lings Into her cave by the funny shadows
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JCJNTE 5> 1898 i
able bed is laid on top for you to ride
upon.
"In this manner we journeyed to
Kalgau, a city which stands under the
shadow of the great' wall. Since its
building kingdoms and nations have
risen and decayed.
"At Kalgau we took the carts again,
journeying fourteen days beyond the
great wall t<.- Pao Ta<>, and found that
the Ordes Desert lay before us. For
six months of the year no caravan will
venture to cross this desolate waste.
"To our guides we urged the neces
sity of making the journey, but no one
would risk either horses or camels
upon the burning sands.
"So we gathered together the horses
and mules of the nearby missions, and
supplying ourselves with food and
wate*, and adding to our number a
muleteer and Thibetan priest, westart
ed across the desert. Heat and dust
at once combined to blind and suffocate
us. But we plodded on day after day,
our heads throbbing and the blood in
our veins seemingly turned to fire.
"Our muleteer became so blind that
lie could not distinguish one animal
from another; our food dried until it
was scarce eatable. At the last we rode.
from sun to sun without a drop of
water to cool our swollen tongues.
"The biscuit, which was the only
food carried for our animals, had to be
broken into bits with stones; it had
become too hard for them to bite. The
plight of one poor brute became so piti
able from lack of water that it was
mercifully killed.
"Added to this misery our way was
beset with packs of fierce wild dogs.
In <-ne locality the boy on guard fought
then throughout the entire night, as
they jumped into the inclosure where
our animals were confined.
"But after fourteen terrible days we
arrived at Ping Lo, and in due time
went on to Tou Jou, where Mr. Christy,
who acted as my interpreter, had for
three years been waiting and prepar
ing to enter Thibet.
"Official permission to proceed into
Thibet was at last given, upon the
morning of the 2d of last August. Early
one day, while it was yet dark, I, with
my two companions, waited before the
great locked gate in the crumbling old
wall which divides Thibet from China,
for the gray of dawn and the firing of
a gun, the signal for the opening of
the gate.
•'At last the gun sounded and the
guards stationed at the gate to collect
money from all who entered motioned
us to pass through as the gate swung
back. Strange to say they demanded
no tithes, as we entered Thibet.
"By noon we had ridden sixty 11, and
came upon the excited owner of a car
she formed with her llnj 1.i... ■.: hands, j
and ilke many of the other axta Anger i
shadows, either as ar. art or a* mi amuse
ment, can be traced to the Chinese, and
this, like many other of the discoveries
by the Chinese, lay practically dormant
for years, and for nearly two thousand
years not a step was taken to develop
this branch of amusement I take upon
myself the credit of having done much
to develop the art of shadowgraphing as
an entertainment.
"Now comes the most difficult move
meat o' aaiti t and that la to control the
MALTED IN THE ROBBER DISTRICT.
avnn that had just passed through the
robber district. This district extends
seventy miles upon the opposite side
of the mountain range to be crossed in
reaching La Brang.
"We were warned not to attempt to
pass through this robber district. The
caravan leader told me that the rob
bers had cut off the right arm of one
of his party: another man had been
killed outright and he himself had been
robbed of 600 taels.
"After listening to his terrible ad
ventures In the district both our mule
teer and priest flatly refused to accom
pany us farther by that route. We
were advised to either change our
course or engage a party of soldiers.
"To engage soldiers appeared to me
too inconsistent with our frank declar
ation that we had come among this
people to teach 'Peace on earth and
good will toward men,' and also to
teach our belief in a higher power than
man's. We therefore -decided to con
tinue our journey through the robber
district and not to hiro any soldiers.
"The second day, as we journeyed
among the mountains. 12.000 feet above
sea level, a turn of the path brought
us without warning into an encamp
ment of robbers. The chief was in
their center and over his head attend
ants were holding a huge umbrella.
"There were fuliy forty of them. With
the exception of their chief they were
all brawny young fellows, naked to
the loins and fully armed, having a
great Thibetan gun strapped to their
back, a broadsword slung across their
breast, and in their hands huge spears
with gleaming heads eighteen inches
long. Each spear measured twenty
feet. They throw them with the ac
curacy a gunner sends a cannon ball.
"As the robbers caught sight of our
party they formed a complete and com
pact circle about the sacred person of
their chief, and gave vent to a yell that
might have come from the throats of
fiends instead of men. This is their cus
tom to frighten travelers. When the af
frightencd turn terror-stricken to flee
the robbers pursue and kill them.
"Though the sight of them in war
gear and the yell which greeted us was
appalling, I said to George Shields, the
grand young Srotch minister, who rode
by my side: 'It's no time to be afraid
now. Remember, we are in the hands
of One who so far has protected us.'
"And checking our trembling horses
we three sat confronting the robber
band, defenseless save for the Invisible
Arm.
"Our silent and motionless- behavior
seemed to paralyze the robbers. Very
likely in all their experience they had
never seen travelers act that way be
fore.
fingers so that they can be moved at •
the first joint without bending the sec- |
ond joint, as shown in fijrure 4. This j
requires a great deal of piactlce and pa- j
tience as well, although some acquire it j
much more readily than others; In fact i
some persons would never learn to do this I
properly- The same exercises apply to the
thumb as to the fingers, although this
is, as a rule, the easiest of all, for the
thumb retains the suppleness of youth
more than does any finger of the hand.
All these exercises must be constantly
practiced until the hand becomes very
"After brief pause we resumed our
journey, pacing slowly down the path.
"The Thibetan robbers stood as
though stricken helpless, their hands
upon their spears, gazing after us. But
they made no further attempt to mo
lest us.
"This was the only time we encoun
tered them; but as we traveled along
we saw outposts on the mountain and
heard them calling to each other, and
also heard their magnificent horses gal
loping in our direction. Their horses
are the finest in all Thibet. We reached
La Brangr, the temple center, in safety
and put up at a native inn.
"In a native inn of Thibet men,
horses, mules, all herd together in
one rloorless apartment, separated by
an apology for a partition from the
other apartment reserved for the inn
keeper, his family and his animals.
"We had, however, reached the land
of our hopes after passing 100 days in
the saddle. We had slept for three
and a half months upon the ground,
and had been seven months in making
the journey from the Chinese coast.
"We could rent rto houses to live in,
but I succeeded, through persistence,
in renting part of the inn and we re
arranged things more on our own
plans.
"To our intense surprise, word came
that the great, living Buddha from the
temple of Stag-dge would call upon
me.
"He came attired in his rich robes
with a company of attendant priests,
a young man of prepossessing appear
ance, who welcomed us most kindly
through Mr. Christy. Notwithstand
ing my denial of the appellation, he per
sisted in styling me the Great Sacred
Lama of America.
"The Buddha followed up his call by
a formal invitation to visit him at his
residence temple some miles from L,a
Brang.
We would gladly have rested in
stead, but the courtesy was not to be
slighted, so on the Wednesday follow
ing our arrival we made the visit and
found our host waiting to receive us
at the top of his temple stairs. An
honor which he had never paid to the
highest dignitary of his own country.
"When the hour for worship came
we were invited to join him in the
temple. He occupies a high, throne
like seat, about which kneel, upon a
platform a step lower, the first lamas.
The second lamns .ire a step lower
still and the common prtests kneel upon
the floor. The services consisted prin
cipally of worshiping the Buddha.
"As we entered the temple he bade
me seat myself upon the throne, and
when I refused he gently pulled me
down and seated himself at my side.
flexible, and when one has attained the
ability to do these things he must still
practice the exercises until a rapid move
ment is acauired, and not till then are
the hands under perfect control and fit
tools for attempting the shadow of any
thing which may come under the obser
vation.
"There are no particular rules to be
laid down for the position of the hands
and fingers In order to get certain results.
No two shadowgraphists follow exactly
In the same line. One w.ill get certain
results by on© method and another the
"Following this worship came a feast,
of which the first course was boiled
meat cut into small squares.
"Boiled greens were next served and
then the dish of Thibet— the wooden
bowl — was handed to each guest, and
each bowl contained a piece of butter.
"In Thibet fresh butter is at a dis
count, and that from two to three
years old at a premium, and as the
Buddha is served with the best in the
land the butter in America would not
have been termed gilt-edged.
"An attendant poured hot tea into
the bowls and we were invited to drink
the beverage, which we did, blowing
the floating butter aside; and I had
cause to be thankful that I wore a
mustache, as it acted as a sort of bar
rier against that dreadful butter.
"Before the tea was all consumed a
skin of brown barley meal, made from
grain which is parched before grind
ing, was passed around.
"Into this skin, the dried stomach of
an animal, each man dipped his hand
and stirring the handful of meal into
the remaining tea ate the mixture with
the finger which did the stirring. Each
guest then cleaned his own bowl by
the simple and entirely satisfactory
process resorted to by one's pet re
triever and the feast was concluded.
"The Buddha's kindness to me
throughout my stay in Thibet was un
varying. At my departure he presented
me with the passport, the only one, so
far as known, issued to a foreigner.
"The sentence, 'This passport con
tains a drop of gold,' is from their
greatest proverb and signifies the most
sacred friendship.
"The choice of a Buddha's successor
If based upon the theory of reincarna
tion.
"At his death the lamas carefully
note the exact hour and minute, and
search is made for a male child whose
birth corresponds to the date of the
Buddha's death. When the child is
found it is at once borne away to the
temple, where it is reared as the living
Buddha, whose soul is supposed to have
entered its body.
"In the temple district or center there
are 3600 resident priests with even a
greater number traveling about the
counties performing their various of
fices.
"In Thibet there is a system of edu
cation for the priests, but none for the
people, and though occasionally a man
outside the priesthood may be found
who can read or write, there is not one
woman in thousands who can do so.
"They are a generous people, and the
trend of their nature is religious. In
habits and appearance they resemble
our North American Indian more than
any people among the numerous races
I have met.
"As with them, all work is per
formed by the women, the men em
same result by an entirely different po
sition of the hand. It is here that the
abilities of the shadowgraphlst comes in.
and the shadows he throws tell the story
In sharp outline as to whether he Is a
thorough artist or otherwise.
"Another important item." said Cli
vette. "Is the matter of light. For public
exhibitions where one is expected to do
artistic work a calcium light is indispen
sable. For home use. and for the chil
dren's amusement only, a very good light
may be had by placing a lighted candle
in a cigar box placed on end. With all
ploying their time in hunting and pol«
ishing their spears and other arms.
"The prevailing native garment, for
both men and women, is a long robe
made of lamb skin with the wool worn
inside. This is their only garment. It
is held in place by a leather girdle.
"On the Chinese side of Thibet among
the cave villages are a number of tribes
whose cmly distinguishing mark is the
headdress of their women.
"One of these head arrangements
consists of a. strip of leather ten inches
long by four inches wide, placed across
the back of the head. There are num
erous holes in the leather through
which the hair is drawn in tiny braids;
these braids are lengthened by thick
cords till they reach the ground, and to
each tress a smaller piece of leather
is fastened.
"The foot wear of the Thibetan is
very like the Indian mocassin, and the
men wear foxskin caps the year round.
'"The houses are superior to the Chi
nese house.
"As in China, their marriages are ar
ranged by a go-between, and upon the
day of the final ceremony the bride,
with several priests and a band of
maidens, approaches the home of the
bridegroom.
"When very near the bride, supported
by two maidens, walks falteringly with
bowed head to one end of the long mat
placed before his door, which then
opens, the groom walks out and takes
his stand opposite her, from where he
casts a rope about her and thus draw
ing her to him proceeds to cut the rope
with a huge knife.
"The marriage ceremony is then vir
tually over, and the immense pyramidal
cake of browned flour, borne upon a
triangle of wood, and into which the
priests have for days been praying all
the evils incident to married life. Is
brought out and thrown down to be
broken in pieces and eaten by the dogs.
"Then, amid the beating of drums and
the music of numerous instruments,
the couple, with their friends, enter the
house and the marriage is concluded
by a feast.
"Regarding our work in Thibet, the
young man left in charge of the mis
sion established has succeeded in win
ning the good will and confidence of
the people. He has extended his labors
sixty miles inland from La Brang to
ward that mysterious center, and is
now in the great military center. He
has been promised protection by a high
official, providing he does not enter the
robber district.
"I have no doubt that Lassa will
eventually be entered by the white
man. but it will be through winning
the respect and confidence of the na
tives and proving to them that he has
only their best and highest interests
at heart."
the other lights in the room extinguished
very fair results may be had from even
this crude plan. Still better results lhay
be had from a small lamp with a reflector
placed in the box. Some very funny ef
fects may be had by arranging mirrors
so as to throw several shadows. The
sheet on which the shadows are to
appear should be about six feet from
the light and the opening In the box
should be Just large enough to throw
the light all over the sheet, but none of
the rays should go past the sheet, either
top, bottom or side.
2526
Society
THE event of the past wee* was
the wedding of Miss Sabin and
Dr. Redmond Payne, celebrated
on the 18th of June at St. Paul's
Church. it was a typical June
"wedding, ami spring blossoms and dainty
spring toilets gave to the church a de
lightful pictures-queues.
The reception which followed at the
residence of the bride's pn rents. Mr. and
Mrs. John 1. Sabin, 8828 California street,
was one of the most elaborate entertain
ments ever given In this city.
Floyd S. Judah, son of Henry R. Judah,
assistant general passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, and Miss
Grace Carter, eldest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. S. Marcus, were married at St.
Luke's Church at 4 o'clock. Rev. Mr.
Moreland officiating. It was a white wed
ding, and the flowers used in the church
decorations were all pure white blos
soms The bride was attended by her |
Bister, Miss Cecil Carter, and the brides
maids were Miss Bessie Roden and Miss
Sadie Gardner. Chester A. Judah, broth- .
er of the groom, was best man, and the
ushers were James B&cC&be, C. Roman,
L' Smith and R. H. Judah Jr.
D'r and Mrs. Johansen entertained the
medical officers of the Tenth Pennsylva
nia Regiment last Saturday evening at
their home on Oak street.
Major George N. Neff, Captain Lewis
fecCormick aid Lieutenant John Coffin
were present. «
They're Engaged.
The wedding of Gertrude 8.. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. H. Proll, and Val R.
Bury will take place at the home of
the bride's parents, 1848 Larkin street,
Wednesday evening, June 22. It will be
a quiet affair.
The marriage of Miss Clara Lowenthal
and Ephraim Jacobs will take place June
6. The wedding will be strictly private.
Wedding Bells.
Louis L. Mailoek of Chicago and Miss !
Annie C. Keonan, daughter of Mr. and \
Mrs. Peter Keenan of this city, were
quietly married in St. Jarlath's Church,
Chicago, May 16, by Rev. Father T. F. |
CashmaJi. They will make their home at
23 Park avenue, Chicago.
Home Qatherings.
A surprise party was given to Mis?
Mahel Murphy by her many friends ;:t
h« r residence, K:;2i 4 Mission street, last
Tuesday evening, it being her birthday
anniversary. A pleasant evening was
spent in playing games, singing and dan
cing. Among those present were: Mrs.
"VV. James, Mrs. J. McAleer, Mr. and Mrs.
W. EL Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. \v. n. Mal
colm, Mr. and Mrs. \V. T. Gosland, Mr.
and Mrs. E. F. Murphy. P. Brown. ( '.
Haas, Miss J. Sullivan, Miss Lizzi. Oli
ver, Miss Mabel Murphy, Miss Emily Me-
Kibbin, Miss Carrie Wise, Miss Jennie
Murphy, Miss Olga Lytgons. Miss Pauline
Pfeiffer, Miss Hazel Murphy, Miss Hattie
Markowitz. Miss Hazel Malcolm, Miss
Gertrude Murphy, Miss Dora Elborß,
Miss Fernande de Ghetaldi, Miss Frances
Murphy. Miss Hattie Wise, Miss Ray
Levy Miss Sophia Jacobson, Miss Edna
Murphy, Ed Kenner, Robbie Riding, Ed
die Murphy, Jack Porter. Harold Brown,
Sidney Samuel, Willie Malcolm, Robert
» ... ADVERTISEMENTS.
I city of ill paris;
» DRY GOODS COMPANY, • »
« CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT! *
» ' : - . ■•-} r;.\'.'. ■■ O
B SjP_cC/_fli_L Imported Organdie Costumes, »
» REDUCTION White Graduating Dresses, ■'■;
» Sv^JLJE". OF* and Tailor-Made Pique Suits. $
» " 0
8 N '~~ ~~" — — .
■» Costumes for the Seaside and Summer Resorts— Handsome and Attractive.* ■:•
35 -- v; ! Vi /."-- . 3
; ALL IMPORTED . TAILOR-MADE .AND FANCY ■< 8
& CLOTH COSTUMES GREATLY REDUCED. &
B . : v^."--{V ■ -", ' '■" - ■ ' ■' ' '-• ■-• - i s^. ? *'-r^ '- '''-C
B SUIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT. !„ »r-; $
$ . MILLINERY DEPARTMERT, • ~
» nM «Frn*n I LINGERIE DEPARTMENT.^ "
« O» SECOND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT ;. QIQ I
» FLOOR. I AND ART DEPARTMENT" 0
£ 0 - — — — — r : . ; .■■■'•:■:;•■'* '->.- ; :'' .■■•£
O Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. &'
o  .-■ •■■■•■, .- : - " ' t- ' '——:"" ,V ■;■»/;•."/ - ' ;; »
® CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, g
£ Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. ''.
js^ - ~ UNION SQUARE. . " " «
»»»»»»«»»«»»»»»«»»[»«» » » » » » » » »»«»»»»
■ . _ - ,-..•■-.. \--<i%-: -:■'-<■■■■:"■■*''■■■:.'.■■: :■■■■:■ ■ • • - • •
Green, Eddie Loebner, Victor Grey, Ralph
Jacobson, Frank McAleer and Steve Fee
ney. »
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Walker gave a very
pleasant surprise party to their eldest
BOH, George, at their residence, 2130 Union
street, on Friday evening, May 27. Among
the many presents he received was a
beautifully engraved gold watch and
chain, with diamond locket, the gift of
his parents. Those present were: Miss
Mabel Gale, Miss Marian Mclntosh. Miss
Jennie Williams, Miss Millie Wright, Miss
Grade Wright, Miss Minnie Stiemkle,
Miss Sophie Stlemkie, Miss Lemma Wil
liams, Miss J. Ilaser, Miss Belle Stan
ford, Miss T. Wright, Mrs. Wright, Mr.
and Mrs. G. 11. Walker, Westley Wilkins,
Royal Cudworth, Emery Cudworth,
George Gale, A. Brown, W. Walker,
Harrison Walker, Pearl Walker, M. Nuh
renberg, G. E. Lawton, D. E. Lawton and
Fred Heitman.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given last Saturday to Frank Maher, 428
Ninth street. He was serenaded by a
stringed orchestra of twelve pieces, to
gether with a chorus of forty-four voices.
After welcoming his many friends, the
parlors were quickly and prettily deco
rated by the ladies.
Among the features of the evening were
selections on the violin by Professor
Schaub, vocal solo by Miss Coyne, recita
tion by B. Levy, piano solo by J. Killhm,
comic song by" Miss G. Dobson. selections
by M. Garrety, laughing song by Miss
Ford, serpentine dance by Professor
Schaub, song by Miss Borer.
At midnight the party adjourned to the
dining-room.
Miss Amelia Bipchoff was the recipient
of a very enjoyable surprise party on the
evening of May 2Sth at her residence, 130
Russ street.
Several hours were pleasantly passed in
games and other pastimes, after which
refreshments were nerved.
Among those present -were the follow
ing: Miss Amelia Bischoff, Miss Elsa
Young. Miss Maud Hampton, Miss Elsa
T trows. Miss Ella Murray, Miss Gussie
Blschoff, Miss Carrie Thatcher, Miss Lou-
Ise Eckrnann, Bliss Adele Bischoff, Mis*
Annie Murray, Charles F. Steele, J.
Scbaertser, James Young, Horen Patti
gan. Hdward Baloun, Thomas Lawless,
C. Ewing, Fred Schneider, J. Bischoff,
Urani Grey, Mr. and Mrs. w. Hopkins.
A very happy evening was spent ai the
residence rf Mr. and Mrs.T. D. Sullivan.
"HI Telegraph avenue, Tuesday evening.
May 10. A musical and literary pro
gramme was rendered, preceded by a
novel and interesting card game entitled.
"Capture of Cuba." The parlors were
tastefully decorated with rink and white
roses. Icecream and refreshments in the
same delicate tints were served a little
before midnight, and after supper :; few
more songs and recitations were rendered.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. I.
Brophy. Mr. and, Mrs. J. J. Green. Mr. and
Mrs. Motts, Mr. and Mrs. P. Mulvahill,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Leach . Mr. and Mrs.
I. Hallmyre, Mr. and Mrs. McKntyre,
Mr. and Mrs. P. Casserly, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Weber. Mrs. w. Finch, Miss Agnes
Farley, Miss Anna O'Rourke, Miss Ella
ORourke. Mis.- Sadie O1O 1 Rourke, Miss
Kosa O'Rourke. Miss Mary Weber, Miss
Mollle Gillick, Miss Sullivan and Miss L.o
rena McEntyre, John Ullllck, 1,. O'Rourke,
W. Casserly, Masters T. J. and J. J. Sul
livun.
Club Parties.
The "Pleasure Seekers" gave another
! one of their delightful outings on Sun
j day. May 29, to Pleasure Seekers' Camp,
, near Millbrae. The club together with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
the invited guests left the cl»b rooms In
two large buses, the Russ House bus
(Young America) and the Pride of the
Pleasure Seekers. Arriving at the camp
the boys of the club, through their presi
dent, Will Remensberger, took great de
light in showing their guests around the
place, during which time the ladies of the
party with the able assistance of the
Misses Joost, spread a grand repast un
der the heavily laden cherry trees, which
abound on the place. One of the most
striking features of the day was the
make-up of Otto Lange and Miss Lizzie
Murphy, both wearing white duck suits,
trimmed with red and blue ribbons. Dur
ing the day the photographer of the club.
Charles VVeidner, managed to take fifteen
different snaps of the crowd. After much
merry-making and fun the party bid
adieu to the camp. Those present were:
Fred Suhr Jr., Otto Lange, Adolph
Ramm, William Remensberger, Victor
Stein, Henry Wlndeler, Will Ramm, Ben
Rosenberg, Will Scheper, Charles F.
Schafer, George Schafer. John W. Goetze.
Albert Heeth, Edward Ituhls, Alexander
Dulfer, George Gluck, George SuTir,
Charles L. Quast, Alfred Bramstedt,
Henry Sengstacken, Eggert Peters, Rob
ert Barthold, Charles Bertram, George
Emmerton, Harry Rothermel. Frank Far
rel, George Booker, Gus. Schumann, Dr.
F. H. Cranz, H. L. Detjen. Will Wiebold;
Lottie Maier, Lizzie Murphy, Louise
Liebscher, Annie Ahrens, Grace Bur
meister, Annie Wlndeler, Lena Rummel,
Louise Bortfeld, Sophie Siebe, Emily
Schafer. Bettie Joost, Amanda Joost, Tina
Heeth, Laura Bodlen, Emma Meyer, Min
nie Lilllenthal, Gussie Lillienthal, Helen
Droge, Daisy Herbst. Tillie Kosiering.
Tlllie Heyman, Lottie Bavthold. May Hod
nett. Etta Smiley, Mamie Guild, "Mamie
Wells, Josie Wells, Emma Bruns, Mrs.
Dr. Cranz, Augusta Bruns and Helena
Bruns.
In tne Future.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Native Sons of Vermont will be held on
Friday evening, June 10, at Odd Fellows*
Hall. The followMng excellent programme
has been prepared for the evening:
Overture, "Dewey's March"; fancy dance.
Miss Rosalie Steveler; popular selections.
Miss Nellie B. Waters; song, "Pauline"
(Maywood), Ernest Edwards; song, se
lected, Mrs. Tillie Salinger-Branson;
"Only a Pair of Shoes"— Cast: Beale. a
BtocK broker, Thomas Camillus; Mrs
Beale. his wife. Miss Lillian la Toski;
Owens, a shoemaker, F. H. Seaward;
Mrs. Owens, his wife, Miss Lettie Luse;
Preadbar, a dude, C. A. Wegner; Jeff, a
colored servant, J. L. Stanley; Mary, Mrs.
Beale's maid. Miss Birdie Vernon." Dan
cing. «is usual, will conclude the even
ing's entertainment,
The Mystics' next party will be held
at Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday even
ing, June 14. The committee in " charge
are W. W. Sale, K. Matheson and H. G
Muller.
Paso gobies.
Otto E. Never tendered a compliment
ary reception to the citizens and their
LAST SAD RELIC OF PAMELA
And the Irish Revolution.
THERE was recently sold to the highest bidder at Sotheby's auction mart In
London a little miniature of a beautiful woman that recalls one of the. saddest
and most romantic Incidents of the Irish rebellion of 1798. The miniature was
' that of Lady Edward Fitzgerald, the beautiful Pamela, wife of the hero pa
triot who figured so prominently in that revolutionary conspiracy. The relic
was. bestowed upon one, the, Rev. Mr. Murphy, as a token of appreciation of kind ser
vices rendered the fair lady in a dire extremity, and when all friends had forsaken
her. It has remained a treasured memento In his family until recently, when cir
cumstances compelled a lineal descendant to dispose of It under the hammer. It
brought £75, or $375, and was knocked down to an unknown bidder
The miniature, which- is painted on ivory and bound with gold contains at the
bacK a lock of the fair Pamela's hair, which adds to its already great historical In
terest. ■■... : . -"■.'■■ ■■-'-• ■ ■ ■-■_■.. ■ -..--•:.-;-,
The story of Lady Edward Fitzgerald Is one of the most romantic that history
affords. She was a native of France, but about her birth there hangs considerable
cbscurity. One account claims that she was the daughter of Madame de Genlls and
the Due d'Orleans, which would make her a half-sister of Louis Philippe; but other
authorities say that Madame de Genlls had merely adopted the child on account of
her beauty, as she had adopted others, and that the mystery of Pamela's birth was
never unraveled. ■ ;
Be that as it may, the fact remains that at the age of 17 Pamela was one of the
most beautiful maidens In ; Paris, and commanded the wide admiration that her
charms merited. In December, 1792, -in a box at the opera, the fateful meeting be
tween herself and Lord Edward -Fitzgerald took place, and it being a case of mutual
love they were shortly afterward married at Tournay, Louis Philippe being one of
the witnesses. . ■ - . % t . . , .
. The happy couple -went to Ireland, to a place called Frescati. in County^ Dublin*
where a life of idyllic calm was at first -passed, surrounded with sweet nature's
charms, and in perfect devotion to each other. But it was not long before the polit
ical agitation of the times aroused the beautiful Pamela's interest and finally enlisted
her ardent sympathy. She began to take an active : part in the Irisn revolutionary
conspiracy, and the negotiations with the . French Government through the French
Minister at Hamburg < were largely carried on through her and Lord Edward's in
strumentality. '.:•■ ' • ■ ■■■;"-" ':■■"' : -,'■
On the outbreak of the rebellion In 1798 Lord Edward Fitzgerald was singled out
for arrest, in the^truggle that attended hie capture he was mortally wounded
by Major Si rr. His wife was compelled to fly for her life and sought shelter in the
house of Lord Cloncurry. Here she was on the point of giving birth to a daughter
when .an edict from Dublin' Castle commanded her to , lea ye Ireland within I twenty
four » hours. In this hour of dire distress ; she ■■ found herself utterly forsaken : not ■■ a
doctor In Dublin could be induced to attend her, not a friend would dare come for
ward to render her assistance: her husband's estates were confiscated and her mon
ey and jewels had either all. been stolen or used to bribe Lord Edward's jailer.
■ Thus she. was about 'to: start : out alone. -.sad and suffering '-when a friend unex- ;
pectedly arose in the person of the Rev. John Murphy, a Protestant clergyman who
under his protection escorted her to friends ;in London. It was In token of this
kindly service that Pamela presented the Rev. Mr. Murphy with the beautiful min
iature of herself % recently sold at Sotheby s— a poor gift, perhaps, in reward for such
noble aid. but all she had to give. .-.. ■. - : . ? -,-. r .
■■_■ Lord Edward Fitzgerald died In -Newgate Jail the - following month, and poor
Pamela sorrowfully returned to the ; Continent.: sting on an allowance from her
half-brother, King Louis Philippe. She subsequently married Mr Pitcalrn a United
, States ConsuU and by him had one daughter. . By. her former marriage she had two
daughters' and- one son. ..',■.:■■■.,. .' .;•■.-, >r -■_■'■■' . •■■> : ...
.Her- closing years were spent In a convent at Paris, whither she had retired
broken-hearted. i; On November 9, 1831; at the age of 55 years all that remained of
the lovely and heroic Pamela was interred in Montmartre Cemetery tna V r^ raalne - 0I
v For nearly half 'a' century however her grave '■ was unknown,' owing to a con
fusion of names by reason of the second marriage,' but In 1879 a tombstone was dis
covered by : John P. Leonard, a well-known litterateur ;of Parfs - b^arlnK the name
and title of . Pamela. « By reference to the burial register the record her InterWn*
was found, under name of . Pitcairn. thus setting all - doubt at rest As the crave i
had only been rented \ and : the time , limit had ; already expired, a public subscription
was started and the remains were removed to y, the peaceful little ' churchyard of
Thames Ditton, where Pamela . now lies by the side ;of her children arid within a
stone's throw of- where her grandchildren at present reside cnuaren ana wltmn a
families at his hotel on Friday, May 27.
About 300 couples filled the large dauce
hall at the hotel, and the march, led by
Mr. Never and wife, was greatly enjoyed
y lv,? s f Participating. Dancing was kept
up till 3 o clock. Ices, lemonade and other
delicacies were served at 12. The floor
was in charge of the master of ceremo
nies. Professor M. Heymann.
Late arrivals at Paso Robles Include:
Mrs. and Miss Cousin, Mrs. J. A. Getz,
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Mil
ton, Sausalito; Dr. W. Martin, IT. S. N.,
San Francisco; W. H. Harries, president
of the Hongkong-Shanghai Banking Cor
poration; Mrs. D. E. Martin. Mrs. J. A.
Folger. Mrs. Cook, Oakland; F. W. Co
vey, Palo Alto; D. B. Murphy,' San Fran
001^11^- 9- A - Mcßride, San Francisco;
Alex Mcßride. W. D. Mcßride. Hawaiian
Islands; Miss Helen A. Glass, H. Roman,
San Francisco; J. Taylor and wife, Sa
linas; J. Ginsberg, Sacramento; Mr.
Schussler and wife, the Misses Schussler,
G. Harms, E. Braunschweiger. M. W.
Kale Colonel Epstein, Mrs. Klmball, Mrs.
J. Shanahan, D. Shannon, Miss Mary
Donelly, Jacob Miller and wife, J. H.
faheffer, Mrs. Sanborn, H. Holtham, San
Francisco; Judge Venable, San Luis
Oblspo.
Skaggs Springs.
Notwithstanding the fact that some
March weather found its way Jnto May,
the crowd at the springs for the month of
May has been large.
The new boating and swimming lake hag
proved a grand success, th" guests indulg
ing in both pastimes. The vaudeville
stage was also represented in a Splendid
manner, the talent gathered by "Man
ager" James Leahy being of the highest
order.
The following are registered at the
springs: Henry Kenitzer, Mr. and Mrs.
George Fitch, Mrs. Thomas Anderson, Mr.
and Mrs. George Healeny, J. K. Wingatc
Mrs. S. Henicke. Mrs. H. A. Taussig, Mr.
and Mrs. J. J. Cordy, D. J. McKay, E. B.
Blood, A. \V. Farland, A. N. Levy, Mr.
and Mrs. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. J. Oliver,
; Mr. and Mrs. J. Harry Scott, George 11.
! Holstein, C. Kirk, John Qpx, Dr Buckle"
Hon. R. J. Tobin, Miss Nellie A. Glynn,
Miss Tessye A. Byrne. Miss Josephine
Mulgrew. Miss Bessie Martin, James F.
Leahy, Miss Annie E. Leahy, Thomas J
Behan. H. H. Elliott, P. W. R. Wieboklt,
E. J. Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. Isidore Burns,
J. L. Holiday, John P. Forgarty, Mr. and
Mrs. J. E. Byrne, Miss Jennie Meager,
A. W. Mahone, E. V. Saunders, \V. p.
Glynn, A. J. Rich, A. J. Rich Jr., Joseph
Rich. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Buck, Walter
Buck. John Buck and C. Chichester, San
Francisco; Frank L. Mulgrew, Oakland;
J. A. Muller, Alameda; \Y. G. Blunt,
Santa Clara; A. S. Luce, Mrs. J. F. Mul
grew. Walter Mulgrew. 11. F. Of den
Kamp and E. C. Sonlee, Santa Rosa: Miss
Moyle, Ross Valley; S. Hilgerloh, W. F.
O'Leary. \V. H. Glass, George P. Fergur
son, Miss Lillie Morrison, Miss Maud Grif
fin. L. A. Renlff. G. D. Perrine and Miss
Bessie Luce, Healdsburg; Mr. and .Mrs.
James Topley, Vallejo; C. B. Shaw and
H. E. Banham, Cloverdale.
Jhe Qevjsers.
The following registered at the Geysers
during the past vreek; Joseph A. Oliver
and wife, G. Gale, J. R. Daggett, C. A.
Overton, Sam S. Greene, C. C. Del Curo,
Mrs. J. R. Cross, Mrs. L. Muller, John
Muller, William Balnaves, F. S. Holt, S.
B. Jones. George E. Buttler, Ed Hale.
Alfred Durbrow, Jesse E. Godley, Judge
W W Sanderson, Colonel 11. W. Knoll,
San Francisco; James M. Carroll, Miss
Eva Powell, H. A. Powell, Dr. S. Camp
bell James Ireland, William Ireland, Oak
land; Miss R. E. Rayburn, C. R. Lamar,
San Jose; T. D. Pitts, Bert Pitts, Mabel
Pitts Frank Pitts, Alexander Valley;
John Dlmmick, Miss F. W. Kelsey, Master
NEW MOTOR THAT GETS ITS POWER FROM THE WAVES
TiTFRE is a curious sort of craft anchored off North Beach,
c£se to tbe end of Taylor street. It is neither a ship nor
a boat a steamer nor a sailing vessel. All that ohe can
see is a low pontoon, just rising above the surface of the
'witer and on top is a mass of complicated macßmery.
There are wheels, which, it may be perceived, are constantly
eoing round, and from a long pipe which projects over the side
a tiny jet of water spouts at regular intervals.
This is the new wave motor, and its inventor, James M.
Dwver' stands on the beach and proudly regards the regular
life-Uke pulsations of his little machine. He claims to have
solved the problem which has broken so many other men, and
over which so many fortunes have been spent. He, has har
nessed the waves, and points to the pontoon in proof thereof.
"I have w >rked f«r years over this thing," Bald Mr Dwyer,
"and th ink 1 have got it about right now. You cau see for your
self that 'h- machine is actually doing work it is pumping
water. That is to say, it is drawing power direct from the
waves and of course", this power can be converted into any
form of force desired. If my machine wttUmmp water, it will
1 b Though r< the amount of water pumped by tlio machine seemed
to be very small, Mr. Dwyer explained that this was owing to
the smoothness of the sea in that sheltered spot ir the pon
toon was moored off Aloatraz. or in some spot where the seas
run violently, he claims to be able to get ten horsepower out of
it. In principle the affair is very simple. _
To secure economy of construction the inventor has taken
advantage of the fact that a float when tossing on the waves
exerts four different kinds of forces. There is buoyancy, push
ing force, weight ;md the reaction from the pushiag force. It
is not desirable to use all this miscellaneous collection of pow
er you get just as much advantage and get it much more cheap
ly by using weight alone. That is to say, instead of trying to
make the pontoon as buoyant and light as possible, as with a
Paul Kelsey, San Diego; John Hamon,
Ukiah; Rev. D. Bower and wife, H. E.
Banham, Ben Alexander, Mabel Schultz, |
Addle Alexander, F. W. Brush and wife,
Cloverdale; J. J. White, Cincinnati: C. M. !
Alexander and wife, Leon David, Edward
David, Alameda; Judge Daugherty, wife I
and child. Santa Rosa; D. Hardle. London; j
David Powell, Jeanette Powell, Marys
ville; H. C. Deertng, Paso Robles; H. O.
Campbell, Sausalito; D. C. Arthur, G.
Hodgkinson, C. Shaw, J. M. Mitchell,
Charles E. Walsh, Vallejo; Grace StuH,
Grace Ackerman, Stella Cave, Delia Ewer,
Bertha Sink, Louise Graham, Margaret
Osborne, Kate Ames, Leslie Kibble, Alice
Fountain, University of California, Berke
ley'; Walter Sink. St. Helena; R. A.
Thompson, Gilbert G. Hyde, Paso Robles;
Dr. C. E. Reed and wife, Petaluma.
, HigKland Springs.
The Order of Eastern Star held its an
nual excursion at Highland Springs, lue j
outing proved a most enjoyable one, the j
principal amusements being dancing, |
bowling, swimming, lawn tennis, cro- i
quet, etc. The special event of the trip ,
was an excursion on Clear Lake, where
they visited all points of interest, and
after a most delightful mountain drive
returned to Highland Springs. The party
numbered upward of 75 persons, among
whom were the following: Mr. and Mrs.
William Rieger, Mr. and Mrs. A. Bray,
Mrs. Mary Smith, Mrs. Kate J. Willats,
Miss Susan Willats. H. D. Rowe, Miss
Kate S. Rowe, Miss L. Stevenson and
Mrs. George Johnson, all from San Fran-
Cisco. From Oakland: Mrs. W. Frank
Pierce, Miss E. Brooks. Miss L. Brooks, ;
R. J. Hunter and wife, x rom Benicia:
J. G. Johnson, and from Woodland George
D. Fiske.
Saratoga Springs,
Among the late arrivals at Saratoga-
Springs. Lake County, are: L. A. Elster,
Miss Jean V. Elster, Miss M. Chappel of
Alameda; O. L. Thomas, J. M. Hickey, E.
Bandouer, C. H. Clare. Phil O'Donnell. F.
Waidenhoefer, Miss X. A. Murphy, Mrs.
John Lawrence, Henry Lachman of San
Francisco; Mrs. F. Ashby of Staine. Eng
land- Miss M. K. Walker, M. K. Walker,
M G. Hopkins of Ix>s Angeles; M. Doo
linp of Colusa; Mr. and Mrs. Morrison,
John Morrison, William Morrison of
Greenwood; George S. Me Williams of Va
caville; Charles J. Wilson. James B.
Smith, Charles A. Brown of Oakland.
Aqua Galiente.
Among the recent arrivals at Aqua
Callente Springs are W. Tavlor, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Linderman, Mr. and Mrs.
Pieser, 11. G. Edwards. H. H. Cogsgriff,
G. Mowes, M. Smith. Mrs. .-*.. Hoge. Miss
Irene Hoge, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Smith, Dr. Bertand, George W.
Murdock and wife, Alameda.
Blythedale.
The week's arrivals are: Lieutenant and
Mrs. C. G. Lyman and family, Mr. and
Mrs. S. E. Blade and family, Mr. and
Mrs. J. MoMullen and family, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Fay and family, Mr. and Mrs.
P. A. Williams and family, Mrs. L. Moul
der and family. Mr. and Mrs. W. L.
Growall, Miss Lion, Mrs. M. R. Cheever,
Miss Cheever. R. F. Armstrong, Mrs. A.
E. Ball, B. Strand, Mrs. Avery McCarthy
and family.
Personals.
Mrs. Bailey, wife of Colonel C. M.
Bailey of the Eighteenth I'nited States
Infantry, lately stationed at Fort Bliss,
Texas, is visiting -riends at 1321 Leaven
worth street.
Mrs. Frank Bodnell has gone to Wheat
land for the summer.
Miss Helen Gruenberg is visiting with
her twin sister, Mrs. Giis Kuhn, In Port-
boat, it is heavily built, so as just to float above the surface.
The weight only is utilized for the exertion of power, anfl the
punt can be very cheaply built of solid timber, for it is unnec
essary to make It water tight. Indeed, it need oe little more
than a raft, having Just flotation power enough to support the
machinery placed upon it.
The machinery is worked by means of a power line, made
fast to an anchor or to some place on shore. The line passes
over a drum which is loosely mounted on a journaled shaft pro
vided with a pawl and ratchet. When a strain comes on the
line it of course revolves the drum— when the movement of the
pontoon releases the strain the slack is taken tip by a weight,
in this way a continuous motion is imparted to the machinery,
and a flywheel secures the regular rotation of the shaft. Any
kind of pump or air compressor may be worked on the pontoon,
or, if the machinery is set up on shore, then the power line
passes from the pontoon to the factory.
The inventor's great idea, however, Is to utilize the patent
on board the numerous lightships which are anchored off our
coasts. The lightships are always moored in rough water, and
it is obvious that a great deal of force Is lost in their constant
tossings to and fro. How to utilize this wasted power 0 Here
Mr. Dwyer avails himself of the vessel's buoyancy, and not, as
in the case of a pontoon, of her weight. All that is necessary Is
to attach a power line to the vessel's cable. This must be some
kind of flexible rope, which would not only work the machinery,
but would relieve the vessel of any sudden strain on ncr cable.
A^ the vessel rose and fell on the seas she would keep the en
gine going, storing up compressed air in tanks for use as re
quired. All the machinery of the light vessel would be worked
from thir. source, the dynamos to keep the lights going at night,
the windlass to heave in cable, the fans for ventilation, and
even the engines to move the vessel herself.
Of course an awful lot of compressed air would have to be
stored up. but then the power line, like the unpretentious wind
mill, would be always putting in its work. And everybody knows
what a lot of water a windmill can pump, though it never seems
to work very hard.
LADY EDWARD FITZGERALD, "PAMELA. 11
(From * Photograph of the Original Miniature Taken in London.)
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;_ _:-\'^ _ :_/': _ ' _'■' •: _"
'■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+
FORCED !
LIQUIDATION j
SALE ! I
The second week of our great ■ Liquidation Sale, . HELD BY ■
PEREMPTORY ORDER OF THE TRUSTEES, to raise the large sum .
required TO AT ONCE PAY OFF THE ENTIRE BALANCE OF OUR !
; INDEBTEDNESS, opens with THE MOST POWERFUL ATTRACTIONS «
EVER KNOWN TO THE PURCHASING PUBLIC, and in presenting a i
few sample offerings we assure air that every department will j
be found crowded with . ; ■ . j
BARGAINS THAT ARE POSITIVELY MATCHLESS!!
IyTTTOT HOSIERY. !
;. iy \ A"X \J Oli JLi 1 OAr 300 doz. BOYS' FAST BLACK-
i"v EXTRA HEAVY BICYCLE I
ITITI\PniITr 1 Th - . ribbed . cotton hose ;
■ W II Li 11/ L A U AND FINE TAN COTTON
I lllrK WW H^ /l m€ HOSE. 1-1, ribbed, in all sizes. '
■Jllmj \j la f ¥ Li /"111 ' usual prices $3 50 doz., will be*
•■•T^'*- IMS ■ M f-.:'.- 11 141 111 J on sale at 20c pair. . I
' *|psr| 24B pairs of ' LADIES' FINE 1
T.nT^. ,l, ln .™ ,, TTOX Tl>T ! «1«OVI SILK HOSE, assorted colors '
20C DI E d Sd-?SieniilllS d- ?Sie n iilI ll X usual price at U pair, will be
DRAW KRS. yoke band, fln- ] cleared out at U5O the pair. I
ished with deep ruffle, will be ! •
=oVl^™lin gowns. LADIES' UNDERWEAR. !
• **vFw lined back, yoke of insertion, - „. . r._. Tr , D , ....... '
neck and sleeves finished with OK C Wdosen LADIES .-U V?« .
cambric ruffle, will be placed OtJW !£ ;I T S /Tt-»?\ °vPT^ v' ™,»V
, „„ M |p at -jv, TO Wool (White Natural), usual,
on sale at Me. . , 1 v prJces ?sc> $1 $1 .Q. Q $1 and $2
Qft n LADIES' GOOD QUALITY 1 ' 11 * 0 "^, will be on R sale at 35c '.
yUC MUSLIN GOWNS, lined back, j «*, 7oc, $1 and $1 oO each, /
yoke finished with fine em- | ■ -\
broidery, neck and sleeves CORSETS. |
trimmed to match, regular VVUJUIkJi I
ffira?9&' WiU ° n $1 Q 5 T5 dozenTADIES- CORSETS.]
*lt^U o dd sizes, made of imported,
t~f\s* LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT j Sateen, short; medium and,
Uvv WAISTS, in stripes and : extra long, drab and black; '
plaids., latest style, regular I . regular price $1 75, will be on!
price $1, will be offered at 50c. I sale at $1 25. -,-/ -• -^ y J
]•:"'' ■ :: — '—— . iii*JL . ]
RIBBONS!—!
At 3 Cents. %\
No. 5, ALL SILK SATIN AND GROS GRAIN RIBBONS,, In colors, value sc, |
close out at 3c. ,
At -4 Cents.
No. 7, ALL SILK SATIN AND GROS GRAIN RIBBONS, value 6c, will close J
"out at 4c. ;" , j
At 1O Cents. j
No. 40 ALL SILK SATIN AND GROS GRAIN RIBBON, 3% Inches wide, value.
15c, close out at 10c. . I
At 15 Cents. i
No. 60 ALL SILK MOIRE RIBBONS, value 25c, will close out at 15c. ,X •
I/If Murphy Building, ■ ■* . {ftp Murphy Building , J. :]'.
.Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets, i
land. Or., where she expects to spend the
summer months.
Mrs. G. Frost and daughters have taken
a cottage in Fruitvale.
Mrs. E. HartneU has returned from an
extended visit in Mill A alley.
Mrs. D. G. Waldron is recovering from
illness in Oakhind.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
♦v; ; - • • %, ♦
f Your ♦
$mi&£\ Husband,
■ W OR
>i y g> Child J
**-^^sS^^ Lover %
<$> Should never have to look into your ?
<«> face disfigured . by. wrinkles, pimples, A
% blotches, moth patches, moles.freckles,
<$> red nose or any other blemish,
<j>. • - Why tax his love in this way when I "^
$> can make your face as clear and fresh I
<$> as it was in childhood ? *§* '
J SPECIAL "THIS WEEK. i
<?> v SIX FREE TREATMENTS ♦
<!> In massaging or bleaching the skin.
<$> A course of .treatment that means *
<$> good-by to every facial blemish, leav-
<J> , ing instead a healthy skin— soft, clear *
<$> and fine of texture. ' • ♦
J MRS. HARRISON'S t
J LOLA MONTEZ CREME, J
<j> The greatest skin food, tissue builder <8>
and. bea'utifier the world has ever <J>
<gv . known. Restores permanently the <S>
natural color and plumpness of youth. <j>
Price7sca jar— enough for 3 months <^
«> MRS. HARRISON'S ♦
> 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER ♦
| ' Gives to gray or faded hair its natural
color in 4 days ; no inconvenience ;
X; not a dye. $1.00 ♦
♦. . #
♦ TRIAL POT. Ladies out of town ♦
*- ' - sending this ad. with <£
<g> 10 cents in stamps will receive a book <J>
4> of instructions and a box of Skin food <s>
<3> and Face Powder free. .
<». • • Lady agents wanted in every town. <g>
J MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, ♦
■?. ; BEAUTY DOCTOR, ♦
J 40 and 42 Geary St.. San Francisco. ♦
4> 4> »"'<&■; <£> <S> •s><£> «» <$> «j> 4> <S> 4> <S> <$> <» <»
g Sf a/ aI*GG I
' O Genuine Opal Rin>. Zf Sid y P n fre * thl » HandiomeO
| §»^^not ll c 1 te ln trl » i » üb *"P^ to new
Q»llh each pin. . Don't send 1 ■-' ' ' (n
Q money, Justnaror and addren, v'^aa^W. " #C
ft and »ay you trill return pinsoriv >f '1MAfll«1 X
g money by mail irithln 2 w«k s. "^aa^^^^^^d Q
Vw c tend pin§ by return mail.; \V •", • • • \__ v
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
Sfej^l FREE. FREE.
ivfml I» Permanently removed by th*
, R^p»7l^ Philadelphia Electrolysis Com-
In^WLriei??'" 2 ;" 1 Donohoe Building, 1170
■^aFw*^^^ 81 Btre et.oor. Taylor, room*
■Way 'dftl ' 2ft with th « Electric Needle,
Ym.&... —^■gwlthout pain or scar. $1 50 a half
■ B?-«J r this moath; first sitting
* BB^nßH' It*.*.. Hour», 1 to 4 p. m.WORKING ON BANDAGES
INSTEAD OF GOWNS.
New Work for the Needle Now In the Hands of Patriotic
Women Throughout the Parlors, Clubs and Farm Homes of
California.
Hay rst tap of
• sound of
th,« - ' >f her b
rothei sweethearts to the
• 1 holding ready for fur
mmons all others near
ier, the California woman
g •■ - i hannels of
war times. And she
:? quick! > ■ r proper sphere, or
: plans are many and hc-r
N •: b .-• >1 li< ■' boy
want or shall po with
ren, if she can help it. To
thins by halves and to furnish every
conceivable comfort is the watchword of
■ programmes of the
hour, the doings and the "goings on" in
tht; sets, have a novelty of exceeding
• rm.
It is tV-e era of new societies of women
—grandmothers, mothers, society
arrd m-;r<_- scfco Jetles that have
a}m than that of being of use
the. war.
;.:;. Every prominent society of women In
Sto •Francisco, whether of a literary, so
has offered its
v-aVwistahce to tl - ciety. With
ties of
v.t. the Co
' . lbnial Dames and the Daughters of (he
Revolution. At their meetings
- :.tik only of war and
-ikfng of war plans.
■ In twenty, thirty, fifty different
the women of San Francisco
. have set themselves to work.
A -<loor dress of check green and white canvas poplin is made by Lenoel &
t Snint Hrr.ore, Paris. The skirt is rounded at the bottom and
very light round the body; It has two pleats behind to gl\-e the necessary full
whirh begins to increase from about halfway down. The front is quite
flat with a narrow graduated apron, edged about as far down as the knee with five
row's of No. 3 black sMttn ribbon, which cross at the bottom and rise up at the sides,
ge in blouse shaped in front but tight in the back. It fasiens down the
de beneath three rows of black satin r:l bon which run down to the waist. The
back is ornamented with chevrons of the same ribbon. Over the shoulders is a large
collar of the poplin, which is prolonged into epaulets, and is open at the front and
back of the ne^k. showing a small yoke of frilled black satin.
This costume is in good taste, the corsage is very graceful in form, and though
the satin ribbon trimming on the skirt is not novel, it is effective.
2)Q[ITM dnd E>MQ.IIS
In coteries they gather, to do some
thing—a something, as a rule, that i. ■
one else has thought of. Women, old and
young, are raising money; they art- sew
\ndages or making shirts: they are
racking cases of "goodies" for the front,
they are fitting out ambulances or plan
ning great funds at the disposal of the
authorities.
And each society has its own special line
of work. Some of the things these girls
and matrons are doing are unique. Fem
inine brains have evidently been ran
sacked. The range is wide. It extends
from money and linen— severely practi
oal— to oak*' and paper covered novels to
cheer the hf-arts of tired men. And such
a flood of articles as these societies ar>_
pouring out: These women are on th^ir
mettle. If they cannot themselves tight
and cannot nurse, they can at least be
of aid in some of these ways.
Among the girls that daily gather to la
bor for the soldiers are those the unknow-
Ing < .i!i "social butterflies." for they arp
the leaden among the younger women
of the San Francisco s<ns.
a rt-gular sewing class meets every day
in the rooms of the Ren Cross on" Post
Btreet, and here at any hour will be found
many cheerful helpers. The sewing class
is now working on flannel bandages, and
the material for these has been donated
by individuals and by houses carrying the
article.
Sowing "bees" have been held at the
homes of Mrs. Tay. Miss Sallie Maynard
and Miss Eleanor Wood.
Projects of a nowl sort among the
women of the city fairly abound. On;*
lady, who lives in one of the hotels and
has her own private telephone, has placed
alongside it a small box, and any one
VERY LATEST SUGGESTIONS IN BALTS AND BUCKLAS
THE SAX FI?AXC T SCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
wishing to use the telephone can do so bjr
dropping a nickel in the box "for the ben
efit of the Red Crosß."
At some of the boarding schools out of
the city novel methods of raising money
have been adopted. At one of these a San
Francisco girl pays her roommate 10
cents a week to make her bed for her.
They also brush each other's hair, darn
stockings and do other little odd things
for one another for the sum of 10 cents,
all of which is to be used to add to the
comfort of our brave boys in blue.
The girls at the ferry have been untir
ing in their efforts to comfort and feed
the thousands of boys who have come
from all over the United States. Rising
almost at daybreak, hard at work ail
■day, many of them scarcely finding an
opportunity to rest, they still work on
without a murmur.
There Is (scarcely a day that does not
bring forth some new project or enter
tainment to be given to help alone the
great cause.
The Misses Irene and Hattie Tay to
gether with a number of their girl
friends, have busied themselves making
shirts for the soldiers.
Every one is busy In the great work.
Class or denomination there is none— all
meet on a common footing. But one im
pulse moves the heart of every woman
at this time— to give of her store as gen
erously as she can, whether it be what
her fingers can do or her purse afford
THE MILITARY GIRL
Is
THE GIRL OF THE HOUR
e=jj=3HE girl of the moment, an athletic
| maid two short months ago, has
Jj, changed with the times and become
military. The men she goes with
hardly know her. Even her clothes,
her skirts, her hats a,nd her waists have
the spirit of the army— or the navy— in
them these days, her walk is modeled
upon marching and her vocabulary of
slang and topical expression has been re
vised until two sentences out of three
hang upon martial terms.
In fact, to be armylike is the fad of the
moment, and the girl of the sets has taken
up this new idea with immense enthu
siasm. She carries it out surprisingly
well, too. Very nearly everything she
does has a military twist to it, and she
has the cleverness to put just a little of
her own personality Into each movement
or speech, so that the effect Is piquant,
graceful and odd.
Thus, with a bound the military girl
has sprung Into fashion. One of her ways
is the temporary abolition of the kiss— "so
far as other girls are concerned. Meeting
her dearest friend, she salutes in a true
army way. She does not grab her or re
mark, "You dear thing!" The arms of
both girls are raised promptly to their
hats and then shoved out with a quick
movement. Then they are dropped to
their sides, and stay there.
The walk of the military girl is marked
by a firm step forward, a rather longer
step than usual, and the shoulders are
held well back, the head steadily up, with
the eyes looking straight forward, and the
chest is thrown well out. This new type
of girl when she turns swings around
cleanly on her heels, for all the world like
a geauine army man.
The new military conversation, or,
rather, the host of military phrases, heard
these days Js exceedingly interesting. A
girl returns from some shopping expedi
tion. Eefore the war was started she
would have said very Pimply: "I'll go up
and tell mother about it." Now her phrase
is, "I'll go and give the countersign to
mother." Or, telling a sister to say such
and such to her father, she will say, "Re
port to headquarters."
"Advance into the other room" is the
proper way to put it now, and instead of
speaking of going up or down stairs, you
should say, if you would be really in
form nowadays, "I'm going aloft," or
"I'm going below."
Betaking ont's self to one s downy
couch Is expressed by the words, 1 m
going to turn in." and on the street, -when
two, three or four girls are walking to
gether, there are often to be heard these
words of command. "Right about face!
and "Forward, march!"
Such are a few of the military expres
sions of the hour among girls— those that
are, perhaps, the most common. There
are scores of others, and -with her visits
to the camps near New York and her con
stant study of war matters this military
vocabulary of girldom is being added to
at a rapid rate weekly. The girl who has
naval associations adds to these a bunch
of terms of the sea and the battle-ships
that Rive her conversation even more pic
turesqueness and novelty.
Yet walk and talk a la militaire are.
after all, but two sides r.f the new mili
tary girl. All her costume this sumnifr
will have a flavor of the army and the
"The shops are Belling now. for the par
ticular benefit of this girl, what is known
as "army and navy" cloth. It is a lighter
shade of blue than has hitherto been the
fashlon-a thin material much like a
serge and supposed to be just the color of
the army and navy uniforms. This prom
ises to be the dress material nf dress ma
terials this summer, and is already much
S °ofkceA' e caps and army service hats
are the "headgear that is held in greater
affection than any other, and a girl who
really enters into the spirit of the day
and the hour wears white cord about her
neck with the accompanying -whistle. This
is considered a very smart and effective
army and navy umbrellas for
these military girls as well. These um
breilas have handles made in precise imi
tation of a email sword handle. An even
smarter thing is to have an umbrella
handle of a real sword. Not many girls
are as fortunate as that, however.
GREAT OPPORTUNITY
For the
AMERICAN DRESSMAKER
A PET theory concerning -women is
receiving such a shock that it must
fall before the batteries of fact.
The sex is supposed by its detrac
tors to place dresa before every
other consideration in life, and perhaps
those who overhear feminine conversa
tions during the seasons of spring and
autumn shopping find ample material for
their indiscriminate conclusions. Above
all women are accused of being bound to
follow the fashions of Paris as faithfully
as the sunflower turns to her god.
No one had reckoned on the patriotism
of* the American woman. It proves to be
a stronger powfr than the dicta of the
Paris mode maker, and more potent »an
the charm of rustling silk and filmy lace.
Our war had not been long declared be
fore we realized the coolness of France
toward America. With -the unthinking
affection of a Newfoundland puppy, we
had fancied that France was our eternal
aister.
An evidence of her amity toward us
stands in our finest harbor, and we have
been in the habit of planning trips to
Paris as often as convenience permitted,
ontfl we no longer repudiated such an ex
pressions as "All good Americana hope
to go to Paris when they die."
One day our wondering eyes read in the
newspapers preposterous hints about the
possibility of France withdrawing her loy
alty to America, and we discredited the
rumors, classing them 'among many Irri
tating and worthless reports. But It is,
alas! too true. Because of jealousy or for
financial reasons France has seriously
murmured sotto voce, "A bas les Ameri
'■ains!"
--American women living in Paris write
indignant letters on the subject, com
plaining of spiteful treatment in shops
and elsewhere; and. if not detained by
business, they move away from their un
fomfortable surroundings.
Women who spend large sums yearly In
Paris, whether crossing the ocean them
--•lves or sending the orders to those
•lressmakers who havt their measure, at
last became indignant.
The relation between the Paris creator
of confections and the American woman
la as intimate as that between Wall street
;ind the Stock Exchange, and in the past
has been as interdependent. But if France
prefers to favor Spain because she floats
her bonds we can certainly dispense with
her millinery. The dressmakers of Paris
have relied upon American custom for the
prosperity of their bouses, and now art
making clamorous protest against the
withdrawal of their fair customers.
Paris housts prefer American custom to
any other, fur Americans spend gener
ously, are honest and prompt in payments
and." more than all, wear their clothing
with a grace and style seen on no other
women in the world except the Parisienne
nr the Viennese. We have universally
good taste, and. notwithstanding all that
is snid to the contrary, our women of the
high world dress with appropriateness. H
cannot be that these talents are Imported.
We may import the clothing, but the
gift of wearing it must be innate.
Modes are composed in Paris by an in
tricate process, which has placed the
originator in a position as closely allied
to art as is that of other decorators. In
the atelier of the composer are stuffs and
laces, old and new, in infinite coloring
and texture. Books of costumes, pictur
ing drapery and dress from the earliest
ages to the present day. are close at hand
from which to draw suggestions. Be
sides this there are always public events
occurring, the picturc-snue side of which
can be reflected in modes. These things
furnish the inspiration which creates the
styles, which are imitated with more or
less fidelity throughout the civilized
world.
The question arises. Can we not do this
work as well in America? Now. it seems
to me, is the grand opportunity for
\merican dresmaskers to assert them
selves. They have hitherto been forced
into copying, although perfectly capable
of originating. Some of our highest class
American dressmakers have composed
exquisite creations for their customers,
but have never succeeded as they should,
because the indispensable mark of Paris
was missing.
NJbw. what is this magic mark? It is
the approval given to the compositions of
the masters by their adoption by a cer
tain class of women in Paris, and this
not a desirable class. One immense ad
vantage the originator of modes in Amer
ica would have is this, that here the
cachet is given by the women highest in
social position. We have ample oppor
tunity in New York life for setting the
mode. The races of the Grand Prix in
Paris indicate the fashions for the entire
year following. The note of color and
the mold of form is then set, and from
this proceed innumerable variations.
Surely our annual horse show in New
York would give similar opportunity on
this side of the water. It does so now,
with this exception, that the modes are
all imported.
It would be very difficult to say why all
the world copies Paris fashions. If any
one thinks the styles which emanate
from that place are artistic or based on
lines of enduring beauty, let him pick up
a fashion magazine half a dozen years
old and note the ugliness in form and
color that is never apparent when the
mode is at its height. Surely we in
America could make no worse color com
binations than those which have dazzled
the eyes in the department of millinery
during the present season.
One of our New York women, promi
nent in both social and philanthropic
movements, has set out to unite the
women of this country in a boycott of
French milliners and dressmakers. Her
name carries influence and she will have
many followers. This should delight the
heart of the American dressmaker and
should dignify the profession by drawing
into it many who are capable or creating.
There is an opportunity to-day which
will never occur again. A strong and
active prejudice exists at this juncture
against the usual source of supply.
Women must have tasteful and elegant
clothing, and here Is the opportunity for
home talent to supply it. We have been
mere copyisip, but now have the oppor
tunity to originate. The taste of our
cultivated people Is undisputed, so we are
not likely to fall in that regard. Piquant
feminine touches to the toilet are quite aa
characteristic of us as they are of the
French, and we have the advantage,
which suits our practical people, of con
sidering utility.
COMPLEXIONS FOR
THE SUMMER GIRL
THERE is probably nothing that
can cause the cummer girl more
unhappiness and mortification of
spirit than a freckled face. Were
each one of those little grolden
spots a Klondyke nugget, I doubt if it
would console her for having to march
through life with a face speckled like a
guinea hen's eggs.
Before I give the recipes promised last
Sunday, let me say that there are two
kinds of freckles — summer or "sun
freckles" and winter or "cold freckles. "
The first are ephemeral, the second
chronic. If the recipe given in last Sun
day's Call was not satisfactory, and
glycerine, I know, does not agree with all
skins— then try the following:
Fresh lemon juice.
Rosewater.
Rectified spirit.
Equal parts.
Mix together and the next day decant
the clear portion and strain through mus
lin. Bathe the face with it night and
morning, wiping the face afterward with
a soft towel.
Or this:
g Sal-ammoniac (powdered) 1 drachm. O
Distilled water. 1 pint. O
O Kau de Cologne, 2 fluid drachms. O
O Mix and apply with a rag, night ©
0 and morning. 0
In some cases these little brown spots
are very persistent and resist all efforts
to remove them, as long as the skin con
tinues to be exposed to the sun. Keep
out of the sun. girls, If you are afflicted
in this way, or else wear a chiffon veil
when courting its rays.
The other variety, known as "cold
freckles." come from disordered health or
some disturbance of the natural func
tions of the skin and are less easy to deal
with.
Now, then, girls, how many of you take
a daily sponge bath? There is nothing I
can prescribe that will assist you so ma
terially in the attainment of a fine com-
I^exion as baths, and plenty of them.
They are the greatest cosmetic in the
world.
Addison says: "Beauty commonly pro
duces love; but cleanliness preserves it."
And to my mind, cleanliness comes before
godliness. I do not mean that I think it
discounts in its results physically the
practice of all the virtues, but I do think
you have to be clean before you can be
good.
You must. In order to maintain perfect
health, without which no one can be
beautilul, keep the pores of the skin
thoroughly clean. This cannot be accom
plished by an occasional scrub, but must
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
/"^ AROLINE P.— Tour woolen gown of the
| new intense blue, known as national blue,
| is capable of many effective results in
Uthe way of combination with other col
ors. Do not use another blue, as you
mention, for vest, collar and revers, as
any other color other than a shade of itself
is in better style this season. A very vivid
shade of green showing golden lights is one of
the newest ideas in combination with this
blue, and a pinkish heliotrope is very smart if
the color is becoming; white, too. Is used on the
deep blue summer gowns. Would make a
chemisette having the tucks running crosswise
about an eighth of an inch In width, and
spaced once and a half their width. Tuck it
until the line of the bust has been passed, and
from there allow it to blouse to the waist line,
where it must be held quite firm. Tuck stand
ing collar and revers to match.
Elizabeth Browne.— To make an old black
summer serge gown look like new, first rip
carefully. Take ten cents' worth of soap bark
(which can be bought at any drug store) and
soak over night in two quarts of boiling water.
Next morning strain well and add a gallon of
boiling water, allowing It too cool sufficiently to
bear the hands in washing. Take the dress
goods, one width at a time, and wash by
squeezing it in the hands and swishing It in
and out of the water. Do not rub it or the
edges will stretch out of shape. Rinse lightly
in clear water the same temperature, and hang
up wet, allowing the water to drip from one
end only. When partially dry. lron on the
wrong side with a quite warm iron. Make up
over a new percaline lining, with an interlining
of haircloth or canvas, which must be shrunken
and cut on the bias, carrying not higher than
seven inches.
E. E. K-— ln answer to your question of how
lo keep a waist from wrinkling under the arm
and tom-ard the front when the outside is made
full over a tight lining, the first precaution to
make Is to be sure that the grain of the lining
and the grain of the outside material run pre
cisely alike. That is, after the lining has been
properly cut, with a perfectly straight grain of
the goods running from the shoulder to the
waist line, baste the outside material to this in
the same way; that is, the grain of the goods
running straight from the same points. Baste
the seams together without stretching. In fit
ting the fronts work the fullness forward and
down as near the edge of the fronts as possi
ble, holding it firmly down at the lowest point
of the waist line. Should there then be any
email wrinkles under the arm. draw the out
TWO PRETTY HATS.
WHITE STRAW HAT.
CAMILLE ROGER shows, among
many others, a hat veiled with
black tulle. The crown, which is
broad and high, is slightly conical.
The brim is of equal width all round, and
is edged with thread lace. On the left
side behind it is ornamented with a bar
ette of straps, in which is set a tuft of
black feathers.
At Mme. Schmltt's, 10 rue Royale, I
" "^~ ■■ .. <^W J^H
be attended to every day. Allowing th«
pores to become clogged gives rise U
akin diseases and bad blood.
As to the temperature of the bath, in
one — not even one's physician — can pre
scribe; it should t>e governed entirely bj
the constitution of the individual.
Cold plunge baths as a rule can b«
taken only by the most vigorous. Thej
should never be indulged in unless fol
lowed by a rush of blood to the surface
For a person of delicate physique t<
take cold baths .would mean certain sui<
cide, and physicians say that the ehoct
to the system occasioned by the cole
plunge has been the cause of many I
case of heart disease.
An ordinarily strong person can stan<
a sponging off In cold water each morn
ing, and that is said to be lnvigoratini
and a preventive against taking cold
However, a tepid sponge is more likelj
to agree with every one— a daily tepid
sponge and a hot, soapy bath twice t
week.
Hot baths are not enervating unlesi
one remains too long in the water.
The way to get the best result from
this bath is to be in it a few momenta
just long enough for the heat to thor
oughly open the pores and the water t<
soften the dead tissues. Then take <
flesh brush and with it scrub soap al
over the body. Remain a few minutei
longer and then, if you wish to be par
ticularly luxurious, fill a basin wit!
water about the temperature of the bodj
and Into it pour a few drops of oil ot
lavender. Sponge the body off witl
this, before drying thoroughly with t
crash towel. The delightful feeling thai
one experiences after this bath canno:
be described.
As to the face, apply water as seldom
as possible. How, then, can I keep l!
clean? I hear you ask.
By cleansing"it with a good cold cream
to be sure, such as I gave you a recipe foi
last week. Rub this thoroughly into th«
skin with the tips of the fingers until th<
skin has absorbed all that it will. Let it
remain ten or fifteen minutes and thei
remove with a soft cloth, and you will b«
surprised at the quantity of dirt that wit
come off with it.
If you feel that you must use soap and
water, then use distilied water as near th»
temperature of the body as possible, and
only the very best quality of olive oL
soap.
Most spring water contains more or less
chalky and other substances, earthy and
alkaline salts, which, combined with th«
Btearic or fatty acid of soap, is ruinoui
to almost any complexion.
So, start in, girls, and spend some ot
your spare time scrubbing yourselves. II
may seem like slavery, but it really ii
emancipation— from oily skins and pim
ples and most of "the other ills that fle»t
is heir to." MME. HYGEIA.
side downward very tight over the lining: and
baste very firmly at the edge. Then at tht
arm seam draw the outside material up as
tight as possible and baste firmly to the Ha
ing. This, of course, makes the lining loose!
than the outside, which Is an essential featurt
of every well-fitting waist. Never smooth th«
lining to bring it to the outside, but alwayi
allow it to be easy, with an Inclination to bi
larger and fuller than the outside; then In fit
ting it falls into the curves of the figure, an*
the outside will fit smoothly.
Margaret G.— "How can I fit a dress skirl
so that it will not poke out in front at tht
bottom?" Cut your dress skirt at least twi
inches and a half longer than you wish whel
finished, which allows for seams and any fit
ting. Do not have the top of the front bop
any wider than the measurement from the bac!
dart on one side of the front fo the waist t«
the back dart of the other side at the walsi
line. Then fit the side gores so the seam n
the aide-back gore just meets the gathers li
the back. Then baste on your waistband
which must fit It snugly, and try on. If then
Is the slightest poke in the front, raise th,
skirt Just at the hip swell, and the bottom o!
the dress skirt will hang evenly and straiglv
across. If you have made no allowance foi
this raise on the hips, by taking a dart oi
each side of the lining of the front, at th,
widest point across the abdomen, the poke wil
disappear. Remember that It is Just as necea
sary to fit a dress skirt as a bodice.
K. L. M.— The reasons for your close-flttir.|
sleeve twisting on your arm may be quit
numerous. In the first place, the lining at tht
top. reaching almost to the elbow on the oute
seam of both the under and upper part of thi
sleeve must be almost on the straight of thi
goods, and the curve from there down mua
have a decided turn. Then be sure the out
side 1? basted on the same grain as the lining
AlwayF have a slight fullness at the elbow oj
the upper half of the sleeve, and baste care
fully without stretching, When the arm t
dropped naturally at the side the inside Bean
of the sleeve should be on a direct line wit)
the thumb. If it is not so, let out the uppa
or under part of the seam, as the case ma;
require, until the twist disappears. In length
ening or shortening a sleeve always make th
alterations at the hand, never at the top. Th
highest i>oint of the sleeve must meet th
highest point of the shoulder, which is nq
necessarily the shoulder seam.
The origin of the custom of widowi
■wearing caps is extremely ancient, t
may be traced back to the Egyptlai
and Grecian practice of shaving off th<
hair in periods of mourning. But a|
without hair there was a danger a
catching cold the men wore wigs upo|
their bald crowns and the women caps
HAT VEILED WITH TULLE.
have seen a white straw hat plaited ltlfl
Ita'ian straw. The crown is low and fla
and very wide at the summit. The brio
turns up all round and is crinkled In tii
middle in front. The hat Is trimmed wltl
a band of black velvet, with a strag
buckle In front, in which are set two lonj
and wide ostrich feathers which run a)
around the crown.
2728
WHO'LL DRAMATIZE
"THE GIRL OF COBHURST"
AND now comfsfrank R. Stockton
as the apostle of the common
place, as the master of the mcdi-
His last story is placid, un
eventful and uninteresting. It
lacks In humor, it has no pathos,
and though the stream of its narrative
runs on smoothly, It's a small. Insignifi
cant stream, without the smallest ripple
of real fun or the least dramatic break In
Its monotonous course.
A recent article In the New York Times
Hy, s nt of the manner In which
Mr. Btockton works.
"In all probability
this remarkable, mag
netic man stands alone
in his methods of
work. Without mak
ing a note, without a
scrap of guiding syn
opsis or scenario (as
they say In stage mat
ters) he carries his
new novels in his
head, letting often
times the story build
Itself up there over a
FRANK R. STOCKTON.
period of years. When he Is ready to write it
£c calmly speaks It off to the young
plrl (a typewriter), who, always In
readiness, conifs down each morning
fmni the tower room. And this
first draft, made by the head alone, ho
■never touching pen to paper, is practically
the final draft, the revise as well, Mr.
: Stockton seldom raring to touch, in the
way of eorection, the typewritten sheets."
Mr. Stockton's "Girl at Cobhurst,"
which, by the way. might as appropri
ately have been railed anything else, is an
example of what the opponents of the
writing machine might justly call a type
writer story. One of these old-fashioned
cates of pen and ink has declared
that the type-writer and those who com
piwe upon a. Bound the knell of careful,
g, artistic literary work. It's ab
gurd, of course, to suppose that the brain
may not become as accustomed to one
means of artificial expression as to an
other.
doubt, the bard of old discouraged
his literary p'-^cessor and rival by his
■corn of the piosalc means adopted for
perpetuating those lofty inspirations,
. hitherto had lived only In verbal
ations. But Just as Pegfisus learned
to depend upon the Ink-well, so will his
modern representative become reconciled
to the typewriter.
However, If the blame for "The Girl
at Cobhurst" may not be put upon the
typewriter, the author of "The Lady and
the Tiger" must himself be responsible.
The charm of that never-fading literary
flower is still felt, and people in all parts
• • world are still working over that
13-14-15 puzzle plot, to which there is no
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
Mrs. K. J. Willats, grand seoretary. has
received for the benefit of the Masonic
Willows' and Orphans' Home from fifteen
different summer resorts an order from
each of two weeks' board and room for
one person. These will be disposed of at
a raffle at 50 cents a chance, and it is ex
pected that these will bring to the fund
handsome ?um.
Last week there was an excursion of
prominent members of the order and their
friends into Lake County, when a tour of
the prominent resorts was made. On
the trip a visit was paid to Clear Lake
Chapter. There were about twenty in the
party, and among the number were the
pmnd patron and his wife. Mrs. Frank
Pierce of Oakland. Mr. and Mrs. Bray, Mr.
and Mrs. Pinner, the grand secretary and
the assistant grand secretary.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Last Tuesday evening the members of
Bay City Lodge tendered a reception to
about 200 of the Odd Fellows who are in
the service of the United States and
located at Camp Merritt. Among the
Visitors who addressed the meeting after
W. H. Barnes. P. G. M., G. H. Morrison.
P. O. ML, and George T. Shaw, G. S.. were
Colonel Badley. P. G- M.. of Idaho, Rev.
Mr. Stevenson, chaplain of the Montana
Regiment, and Private Burritt of one of
the Montana companies. The latter said.
w -linn called upon to speak, that under
military rule he would not be permitted
to speak before a superior officer had
done so. but In the lodge-room where all
were brothers he felt so full of love of tho
order and of Camp Merritt fleas that ho
felt at liberty to express himself, and he
did. After the addresses the guests were
taken to an adjoining hall, where they
were treated to a sumptuous collation,
and at the close there was so much left
that each soldier was given a package to
take to camn.
Templar Lodge conferred the first de
gree last week on a number of volunteers
' f the T'nlted States army, and last
Thursday the second and third degrees
were conferred on them by Yerba Buena
Lodge.
The relief committee will tender a re
ception to-day to the Odd Fellow sol
diers.
THE REBEKAHS.
Mission Rebekah Lodge held another of
its enjoyable socials In Excelsior Hall on
the evening of May 28. when tho following
programme was presented: Violin solo.
Miss Emma Salter; vocal solo. Miss Ger
trude Frost; song,. Miss Kent; fancy
dance. Miss Oleta Leith; vocal duet.
Misses May Adams and Jennie Wlramer:
ballad. Miss Hazel Fleming, and vocal
solo, Mips Brownwood. Dancing followed.
This lodge has been presented by C. K.
Cook, one of the members, a set of hand
somely painted banners, some of her own
work.
During the past week the lady mem
bers of the various Rebekah lodges of
this city have been very busy in a hall
in .the Odd Fellows 1 building sewing for
the soldiers. »i,e work is done under the
supervision of the following-named offi
cers of the Independent - Order of Odd
Follows' Association for the relief and
comfort of the volunteers: Miss Mar
garet Bell of Loyal, president: Mrs. Alma
Jensen of Templar, vice-president; Mrs
Mary A. Hawley of California, treasurer
and Mrs. Mary L. Owens of Templar
secretary. They have made up a great
. deal of material into caps, bandages and
comfort bags, and these are being dis
tributed as fast as made. There are half !
a dozen sewing machines In the hall that I
are run all day long, and there are a :
number of ladies engaged in cutting and
basting the goods for the sewers. There
are from twenty-five to thirty ladies
■working in the good cause daily. Mrs.
M. A. Simpson of Loyal and Mrs. Mary
S. Moulton direct what Is being done at
the I. O. O. F. tent at Camp.Merritt.
VETERAN REBEKAHS.
The Veteran Rebekahs is an organiza
tion composed of ladles who for fifteen
consecutive years have been members of
the order. The association, which Is open
to all eligibles on the Pacific. Slope, Is for
social purposes and keeping memories of
the time when the members first Joined
the Rebekahs. Recently the association
celebrated its first anniversary by a ban
quet In Odd Fellows' Hall, where three
hours were pleasantly spent, and there
were a number of speeches and a great
deal -of good feeling. The officers for the
current term are Helena G. 'Peterson,
president; Josephine Brown, vice-presi
dent; Mary A. Hawley. secretary; Sarah
Knight, treasurer; Alma Jensen,. M.;
■Lydfn. F. Pinkham. Johanna = H Wehseri
Minnie Plath. Fannie K. Jonas and Julia
K. Savir. The association will meet al
ternately every .quarter in San Francisco
and Oakland, and the annual banquet day :
-been fixed for > the second Tuesday In !
May. ■ '■- ■ ;■:;>./■--■•:
COMPANIONS OF TH.E FOREST, F.
;\:.-.'\ : . OF A.
The session of the Grand Circle, C. O. F.
of A., which closed last Thursday, was a
•very harmonious one. It Is expected that
lr^,w. Coburn, tho new. grand chief, with J
solution. The famous story has twice
I been translated into Japanese, once liter
! ally, and again In the words of a Jiipanese
I story-teller, and the story-tellers of
; Hurma still find It one of the best In their
I repertoires. The Burmese says Its "local
1 color" Is correct. Mr. Stockton himself
tells of a missionary who related the
, story to a tribe of Karens up In the north
of Burma. When she came back, a year
later, the tribe surrounded her and want
;ed to know if she had found out yet
whether it was the lady or the tiger.
As to "The Girl at Oobhurst." she's the
ugly duckling of the Stockton literary
; family. Being the child of such a father,
i the very brilliancy of her sisters empha
. sizes her lack of distinction, of grace, of
I wit. If she were not related to such
clever people her defects would not be so
noticeable— but neither would she. The
, llrst half of the book which meanders on
; in the leisurely Stocktonlan way has no
real bearing upon the story. And the real
story, the struggle between the old
French cook and the autocratic match
maker of the town, which might have
been deliclously funny, is robbed of its
real value because the element of sur
prise, of climax. Is lacking.
In "The Girl at Cobhurst" Stockton had
a plot for a farce as clever, as original as
any of the ideas that have come from his
busy brain. He lengthened and sobered
it into a pastoral, photographic tale, and
so spoiled it. It remains for some one to
seize upon the capital rivalry of these two
old women, a disinterested rivalry for the
possession of a husband— not for either
of the two, but for the girl each was in
terested In— and turn its flow of oppor
tunity for good situation and dramatic
possibilities back into the channel where
ft would have done most good and been
so conducive to the gayety of nations.
Just a little accentuation, just a bit of
clever character work, just a hint of
caricature in Miss Panney and Mine. L.c
Fleur, and to the stage would be added
two delightful creations; while literature.
In losing "The Girl at Cobhurst," would
lose nothing she mightn't easily replace.
What occurred between Dora and Miss
Panney when the former declares her in
tentions Stockton has not described at
all. On the stage that might be made a
capital scene. Imagine a girl going to
the autocratic, wealthy old maid and ask
ing her help in the campaign against the
man Dora wishes to marry. Imagine her
confusion— for Dora Is not a villain— the
keen-oyed. sharp-tongued old match
maker's pleasure In the proceeding and
the details of the plot they might con
coct. The tea berry gown. too. is an ef
fective piece of stage property, whose
| light is hid under a bushel in a book. And
the possibilities in that clever Le Fleur,
: I'rmed. as she is, with the most potent
v.»-apon— her knowledge of cookery— are
simply tantalizing for an actress with
brains and wit enough to see and em
brace such an opportunity.
Who'll dramatize "The Girl at Cob
hurst"? Who'll reveal the excellent com
! edy that Stockton thought and didn't
i write? Who'll uncover the clever idea
that lies suffocated beneath the dust of
dull village gossip by commonplace peo
ple of commonplace things?
"The Girl at Cobhurst"— Frank R. Stockton.
Charles Serlbner's Sons. Price, *1 50.
the assistance of the other new officers,
will make at least as good a record as did
the Junior past chief companion and those
who assisted her. The re-election of Miss
Bremer as financial secretary appears to
have given great satisfaction, as also has
the selection of Mrs. L. Atwood, one of
the most Indefatigable workers in the or
der, for the OL..C* of recording secretary.
The special team that was selected to
exemplify the work of initiation before
! the delegates to the Grand Circle in the
' hall of Inter Nos Circle on the evening of
i last Wednesday covered itself with glory.
All the members of the team, attired in
white dresses with neat corsage bouquets,
presented a very pretty sight, something
that has never before been seen in a
circle room. Every member of the team
was letter perfect in the delivery of the
memorized work, and the floor work of
the guides could not be excelled. The
work was very favorably commented up
on, and at a banquet given on Thursday
night there was an open acknowledgment
by the committee that selected the team
of the excellence of the work that was
done by the team composed of Mrs. O.
Loft, Mrs. Cora Weisel. Mrs. L. Atwood,
Miss May Bailey, Miss Lorvea. Miss Rose
Reynolds, Miss Wlshman, Miss Rappin
and Miss Lefevro, with Messrs. Loft and
Erricks. who volunteered as guards.
Ferrucio Circle, organized by Frank de
Julio, was instituted in Washlngton
square Hall last Thursday night by Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Harrington, as
sisted by Grand Secretary Miss Bremer
and a number of the grand officers, nearly
all of whom together with members of
other circles were present during the cere- |
mony. The circle, which will be auxiliary
to Court Ferrucio of the Foresters of
America, had thirty members at the in
stallation and will add five more at the
next meeting. The membership is all
young people and many of the lady com
panions are far above the usual type of
pretty women.
A new circle was instituted last Tues
day night in San Jose by Grand sub-Chief
Companion Coburn with a good member
ship.
Tne American Forester was at the ses
sion of the Grand Circle adopted as- the
official organ of the order for California.
The action of Excelsior Circle in pre
paring a wagon-load of wearing apparel
and provisions for the volunteers at
Camp Merrltt last week was taken on the
suggestion of Mrs. J. J. Cordy, and the
committee that superintended the deliv
ery was Mrs. J. J Cordy, Mrs. Julia
Wlshman, Mrs. M. Shumacher and Mrs.
E. Short and Grand Secretary Cordy of
the Foresters.
The ball that was given by the conven
tion of '98 to the delegates to the Grand
Circle In Alcazar Social Hall last Friday
evening was a very successful affair that
was enjoyed by the large number who at
tended and participated in the well-ar
ranged programme of dances.
THE BANQUET OF '98.
The banquet given last Thursday night
in Westerfeld's by the convention of 1898
to the de-legates to the Grand Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America ajid
to the Incoming and outgoing grand offi
cers was one of the best appointed af
faira of the kind that has ever been given
in the order. The menu was excellent, the
service of the best, and the Mat of toasts
offered by a member of Inter Nos Circle
who acted as toastmaster were appropri
ate to the occasion and were well received,
while the responses were listened to with
marked attention. During the evening
Mrs. Harrington, the retiring grand chief
companion, was presented by Mrs. L.
Atwood, the grand recording secretary,
on behalf of the grand circle, a handsome
silver tea set. This was In the nature of
a surprise, and the recipient after listen
ing to the high praise paid her forthegood
work Bhe did during her term, could only
utter her thanks. It was admitted that
she worthily deserved the token of rec
ognition offered her. Those who respond
ea to the toasts were Mrs. Harrington,
Grand Chief Companion I. W. Couurn,
Grand Sub-Chief Mrs. F. Jacobs. Grand
Trustees Mrs. Kemp Van Ec, Mrs. Da
i vis, Mrs. Holland. Grand Treasurer Mrs.
Haughy, Grand Financial Secretary Miss
Brener. Grand Recording Secretary Mrs.
! Atwood, Grand Mnrshal Miss Workura,
! Past Grand Treasurer Mrs. Miller, Past
I Grand Marshal Mrs. Connell, J. J. Cordy,
frand secretary of the Foresters; Mrs. H.
Vorms, Mrs. McLouth, P. G. C. C. ; Ja
cob Label, M. E. Llcht and Otto Loft.
The banquet closed with the singing of
the "Star-spangled Banner." One of the
most interesting speakers of the evening
was Mrs. McLouth, who responded to
"Our Country, and What the Compan
ions of the Forest of America Can Do
to Show Loyalty to the Flag That Floats
Over the Land of the Free, the Home of
the Brave, and Will Soon Float Over the I
Land of the Oppressed." It was a patri
otic and eloquent effort, which was sup- !
piemented with an original poem about !
the Maine. The banquet committee, i
which worked well and produced excel- I
htnt results, was Dr. W. A. Atwood, Mrs. j
N. E. Smith and G. Morrison Jr.
THE WORKMEN.
Deputy Saundere Instituted a new lodge
at Querae>ville last Tuesday.
, Special Deputy. It. D, Maplesdea has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
THE UNQUIET SEX,
BY HELEN WATTERSON MOODY
HELEN WATTERSON MOODY 1b
that rare thing In male or female
authorship— an essayist; a writer,
sane, unaffected by fads, with a
calm, logical mind and a sense ol
humor, capable of taking a comprehensive
view of things, with a point not too far
elevated above mankind, and an easy
style of expression, not so severe as to
lack charm and not so untrammeled as to
lack dignity.
"The Unquiet Sex" Is a prettily bound
little volume devoted to the discussion of
women and the place they occupy in the
doing and thinking world just now. The
author, with that philosophy which Is the
essayist's most entertaining and— to the
disputants— most irritating quality, refuses
to take sides, and while she quietly and
wittily points out the humorous aspects
of the "discovery of women" declines to
praise or to condemn wholesale.
"I know the argument to the contrary,"
she writes of the woman collegian, "I
used to write about it myself, and be
lieve It, too; but that was before the
serious days settled down upon me, when
I would gladly have exchanged my small
birthright of Latin and Greek for the
ability to make one single, respectable
mess of anything half bo good as pot
tage." Still, despite her self-conscious
ness, the college woman is Justified. "The
education she wanted she has had; It was
right and just that she should have it,
and it has done her good. Possibly It
will do her still more good when she is
able to forget it."
The chapter on women's clubs Is the
pleasantest example of this clever
woman's style.
'I asked Ernesta the other day to de
fine a woman's club, to give the club idea,
feminine, In as few words as possible. She
thought profoundly for some minutes,
then said: 'A woman's club is an associa
tion for the purposes of mutual helpful
ness and self-Improvement.' • * • Then
1 asked a man to define a man's club.
'Well,' he said, 'upon reflection, a club is
something you join in order that you may
stay away from It when you like.' "
From this she deduces the superiority of
the man In his capacity for enjoyment,
and in her picture of the ideal woman's
club she declares:
"Here no Insidious desire for work
should be allowed to masquerade under
the guise of recreation, and no amount of
recreation would serve to carry any ul
terior purpose of self-Improvement. There
would be luncheon for luncheon's sake,
and women would sit down to eat it,
greedy and unashamed. And you may be
sure there would be no papers to read and
no members lined because they were not
there to listen to them."
In "The Case of Maria" Is a practical
suggestion for the solution of the prob
lem of domestic servants, in the separa
tion of their dwelling place from that of
their employer. "Until women shall have
given some evidence of some small politi
cal sagacity, some desire for reform." she
concludes, "and a very little rapacity for
organization In that department of the
world's sociology with which the home Is
concerned, there Is no glaring Injustice In
denying them a share In the government
of the country."
"The Unquiet Sex"— Helfn Watterson Moody.
Charles Scribner's Sons. Price. $1 23.
• * •
some new lodges in prospect in Modoc
County.
Master Workman Stock of Franklin
Lodge will, at the close of the current
term, when he will become past master
workman, be commissioned deputy for
district No. 7 of San Francisco. In which
are included Franklin, St. John. Olympic
and Fidelity lodges.
Past Grand Master Workman W. H.
Barnes left for the East last Wednesday
to attend the session of the Supreme
Lodge, which will meet at Asbury Park
on tho 21st lust. W. Vinter, P. G. M. W.,
left on Saturday.
There will be a meeting of the district
deputies with tho special deputies of this
cljy and Oakland In the office of the
grand recorder to-morrow night, at the
Instance of Deputy Grand Master Work
man Danforth. with the purpose of ex
changing views In regard to matters ap
pertaining to San Francisco lodges.
A. R. Orr. D. D.. of Visalla visited the
office of the grand recorder last week
and reported the membership of Visalia
Lodge as particularly actfve.
Santa Cruz Lodge will publicly Install
Its officers next month, wnen George E.
Yale, the retiring master workman, will :
be commissioned a district deputy in rec
ognition of his active interest during his
term he served as presiding officer of his
lodge.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Next Tuesday evening Silver Spray
Lodge will give a reception to the su
perior chief of honor and the grand re- .
corder prior to their departure for the
East to attend the session of the Su
perior Lodge.
On the night of the 9th lnst. Ivy Lodge
will have a public dls.lay of the drill
work by its team In uniform. This will
be held in the Masonic Hall. This lodge
has elected the following officers for the
ensuing term: Mrs. Lizzie Wilkinson, C.
of H.; Mrs. Colpek. L. of H.; Mrs. Garri
son. C. of C. ; Miss Josie Butler. R. S. ;
Miss Annie Ingels. F. S. ; Mrs. Reichman,
U.; Ella Van Court. I. W.; and A. A.
Wood, O. W.
THE NATIVE SONS.
California Parlor at Its meeting last
Wfdnesd.iy elected the following named
dfßrf"-«; for tho ersuimr term: X C I BWs,
president; John O'Gara, R. Jansen, Louis
Lacaze, vice-presidents; James J. Jami
sun, recording secretary: a. l*'. Hanion,
financial secretary; Henry F. Pernau,
treasurer; William B. Hobro Jr., mar
shal; John F. Morse, Dudley Tait, F. H.
Stalle, D. D. Lustlg, B. F. Clarke, J. M.
Heinlmann and Howard Herrington, sur
geons; E. H. Folsom, trustee; William H.
Stanlels, collector.
Grand President Conley has announced
the following as his deputies:
F. M. MarnofTer, Parlor No. 166; C. F. Bryan,
Nob. 161, lbS, 192, 193; A. C. Meckel. Nos. S7, 4,
36; J. A. Belle, Nos. 30, 6; J. C. Worthlr.gton,
Nos. 14, 20, 88. 93. 197; C. M. Ainslle, Nos. 6,
177. 200; C. E. Mclaughlin, Nos. »9, 131. 19S;
A. G. Simpson, Nob. S, 21; J. C. Gose, Nos. 30,
163, 179: J. Shafer, Nos. 92, 94, 182; T. H. Mc-
Kenna. Nos. 56, 68, 69, 63; F. A. Dwyer, Nos.
163, 126, 86. 201; W. A. O'Brien. Nos. 6, 40, 55,
78; H. O. Herrick, No. 159; Ben Waed, Nos.
28, 102, Ul; L. J. Fenn. Nos. 64, 168, 18S; A. E.
Dlnkel, Nos. 131, 32, 140. 170; Paul Chalgneau,
Noa. 62. S6, 77; .lohn Haley. Nos. 3. 26, 106. ISO;
J. P. Liogrue, Nob. 9, HI, 83; C. H. Shields, Noa.
17. 31, 33, 48, 173; A. J. MoSorley, No. 67; F.
W. Van Harllgen, No. 144; Leon Stone, Nos.
50, 195; O. N. Van Norden. Nos. 151, 47; Saul
Magnet-, Nos. 166, 22; W. F. Soule, Nos. 146, 120;
J. U Gallagher, Nob. 9C, 113; Andrew Mocker.
Nos. 169, 127; w. P. Humphreys Jr.. Nos. 66
96, 1«5; George G. Rao'cllff, Nos. 65, so, SJ; E.
J. Harris, Nos. 97, 132; J. W. O. Sullivan, Nos.
«t 123; D. F. Mahoney, No. 160; 8. Mayfleld,
No. 152; C. B. Cavognero, Nos. 138. 171; J. W.
Ahem. Nos. 42, 19, 25. 175; C. A. Thompson, Nos.
116, 191; 8. A. D. Jones. Noa. 45, 74, 109. 106 •
W. D. Warner, Nos. 110. 168; L. A. Blochman,
No. 108; J. J. Allen. Nos. 1. 10; Thomaa
Monihan, Nos. 84. 160- J. T. OKeefe. Nos. 187
118; G. E. Reynolds, No«. 3», 14S; W. H. Milton
106. 2»; A. C. Houston, Nos. 154, 63; F. G. Os
trander. Nob. 72. 76; H. C. Hall, Nos. 49 187-
L. N. Cobbledtek. Nos. 157, 104; F. Barnett
Nob. 189. 202. and J. F. Deininger, Nos. 194
121. Deputies at large— Frank Sablchi, 109- H
C. Kellogg. 74; H. D. Lansing. 187; J. R. g|n
nott. IS2; W. Barton, 194; J. D. Pflster, 39; O.
L. Jones, 68; J. A. Halpln, 72; J. H Mitchell
20; L. P. Powelßon, 49; F. O. Wemple. 198- c'
J. Janesen. 14; J. D. Morris, 169: C. A Bolde
muin, 1; J. M. Morrisey. 6; C. H. Krum 120-
C. J. Turner, 7; F. W. Rchlageter, 171 • j r
Bates Jr., 146: A. Israelnky. 104; J. G. Joly'
62: H. B. Belden. 195; D. E. Burton 8- A V
Fisher. 47; Q. Milton Reid. 90: G. Richardson'
140; Louis Nonnemann. 157; Leon Vllller 202'
The officers will not have to Install more' than
once during the term. In October new deputies
will be announced.
The grand secretnry has sent out cir
culars for the payment of the per capita
tax for semi-annual returns. Negligent
secretaries will discover that if the re
turns are not in on time they will
be called upon to pay a penalty for neg
lect.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The entertainment that was given In
Native Sons' main hall last Friday night
by Minerva Parlor No. 2, the pioneer par
lor of the Native Daughters of the Gold
en West, was a most successful one, and,
while it was pleasing to those who at
tended, it must have been gratifying to
the members of the parlor to note how
well their efforts were appreciated. The
hall was filled with a large audience, in
which there were a number of the boys
in blue from the Seventh California Vol
unteers and from other regiments now at
Camp Merritt. The entertainment was of
a dramatic character, and included "Pet
ticoat Perfidy" and "Icl on Parle Fran
cais," presented hy members oi tbe Lud
THE JUNE
MAGAZINES.
The trail of the war is over the maga
zines. Scribner's publishes some excel
lent war maps and makes
announcement that the
tireless Richard Harding
Davis, though serving as
corespondent for three
great newspapers, will be
gin his contributions on
war-time topics in the July
number, for which he has
already written "The First
Shot of the War." One of
the best things In the June
number Is Anne Douglass
Sedgwick's "Miss Jones
I and the Masterpiece," whose ending
I you'll regret or approve according to
! whether your point of view Is the estheti
cal or the ethical one. In either case
you'll call the story well written. Gib
son's "New York Day" begins with this
number, In which he presents morning
I types to be found In Gotham.
The Pall Mall for June is unusually
well illustrated, even for the Pall Mall,
whose ordinary illustra-
I tlon is a lesson and an
I example to magazine-
I makers. But the flower
of the flock, literary and
artistic, that fills this
magazine, is the next to
the last Installment of
Anthony Hope's "Rupert
of Hentzau," which has
such a delightfully fas
cinating "Prisoner of
Zenda" flavor that the
race of fearful antago-
nists to sequels might
take heart and change their literary creed
as to the unapproachableness of one s
I first idol.
Julian Ralph's account of the trans
siberian railway is the leader of Harper's
this month. It is well 11-
lustrated and brings nome
to one the vastness, the
peculiarities and the pow
er of Russia. Apart from
ihe war articles there isn't
a subject of more import
ance in the ■ magazine
world to-day. Ralph's
conclusion is as follows:
"Let the visitor to Russia
pursue his comparisons
until, as nearly every one
fails, he concludes that
he must be doing Russia
an injustice— until he comes to re
flect that the basis and roots of
! its civilization are Asiatic and not
European. Let him once say 'Russia
is Asiatic' • • • then he stops criticiz
ing and begins admiring. He is not in the
last and most primitive corner of Europe.
He is in the first and most advancing
country of Asia." The most effective bit
of Illustration in the magazine this
month Is a sketch by Frederic Kemlng
ton of "Ye Spirit Dog."
The Century Is the banner magazine for
June. It prints Emory Fcnn's "Ten
Months with the Cuban
Insurgents," two interest-
Ing articles on Daly's
Theater, New York, "1 he
Three R's at Circle City,"
a most picturesque view
of Klondike school boy
and girl life, Bret Harte's
"Passing of Enrlquez,"
and '•The Spanish Ar
mada." to which Captain
Alfred Mahan, the great
naval tactician, writes
an Introduction. He at-
tributes the failure of
the armada "to the following causes:
1. The failure to proscribe the ef
fectual crippling of the English navy
as a condition precedent to any attempt '•
at lnvusion. 2. The neglect to secure be- I
forehand v suitable point lor making: the '
junction with the army. Combinations ;
thus intrusted to chance have no right to
expect success. 3. The several actions
with the English failed because the ships,
which could exert their power only close
to the enemy, were neither so fast nor so
handy as the latter. Only those who have
the advantage of range can afford infe
riority of speed. 4. The disasters in the
Atlantic were due either to original un
seaworthiness, or to damage received In
action or to bad judgment in taking un
weatherly ships too close to the shores of
Ireland, where strong westerly gales pre
vailed, and the coast was inhospitable."
One of the most thoughtful articles In
this month's Arena is contributed by
David Starr Jordan upon
"The Elements of Organic
Evolution."
Under the heading, "A
New League for the West,"
Charles F. Lummls, editor
of the Land of Sunshine,
announces an important
step taken in the history of
the magazine, and, very
likely, of the literary his
tory of the West. Mr.
Lummis gives the names of
• those who have joined this
literary league, and heads it with that of
David Starr Jordan, of whom he ways:
There has not been in the Intellectual
development of the West such another
one-man momentum as David Starr Jor
dan, president of Stanford University,
nor is there to-day in any one personality
anywhere a saner, stronger, more vital
force making for better life and better
thought." Charles Warren Stoddard. Ina
Coolbrith. William Keith, George Hamlin
Fitch, literary editor of the San Fran
cisco Chronicle; Chnrles Edwin Mark
ham, Charles Howard Shlnn and Charles
Frederick Holder are among those who
have pledged themselves to help make
the Land of Sunshine the magazine of the
West; an ambition which the active, vig
orous, clever head of the league has long
cherished.
Cassell & Co.'s Magazine of Art has an
interesting article illustrated with hith
erto unpublished sketches on "The In
vention of Aubrey Beardsley." It tells
of Beardsley's boyhood and of his devo
tion to art when at 18 years of age he
worked in the Guardian fire office and had
only the hours after 9 in the evening at
his disposal. What he did in the six
years from then till his death, his friend,
Aymcr Vallance, tells.
A new 5-cent magazine is Ainslie's, pub
lished in New York. It contains a short
story by Sienkiewloz, and a pretty little
tale by Aiithonv Hnra>.
ft ***'«■**#*>***<»****#*
lum School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. That the several participants were
appreciated was marked by the frequent
applause of the audience. After the dra
matic events of the evening there was
dancing until midnight and beyond. The
success of the evening is due in a great
measure to the untiring efforts of the
committee of arrangements: composed of
"Annie L. Donaldson, chairman; Mary A.
Dempsey. Jennie Bremer, Katie Curran,
Mary Creigh, Annie Johnson, Minnie
Wall, Helena Wilson.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The ladles of Pacific Council arranged
a very pleasant entertainment and social
for Friday, May 27, which was attenued
by a large number of people. The follow
ing programme was carried out: Address
by C. M. Arnold, P. S. C; violin soio,
Master Geddes Lyle; recitation. Miss
Burke; song, M. Leady; recitation. Miss
McGowan; vocal solo, Mr. Donnellson;
specialties, Charles Alpers. After the pro
gramme the ladles served ice cream and
home-made cake. The entertainment
closed with dancing, and the success of
the very pleasant affair was due to the
efforts of Mrs. L. E. Clark, the instructor,
and her chosen assistants.
The picnic of the order at Finger Grove,
San Mateo County, on the 30th of May
was attended by a large number of the
members of the order and their friends.
One car crowdeu with excursionists left
this city for the grounds. The committee
that had charge of the affair provided
games, prizes and plenty of amusements
for the picnickers.
Evelyn Circle of Chico was visited in
the latter part of May by District Deputy
A. E. Morton, and a very pleasing time
was had. Thorp was also present v dele
gation from Del Norte Council. During
the evening there were applications for
membership, and at the close of the meet-
Ing there was a banquet in honor of the
visitors.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Rev. J. B. Orr of the Park Congrega
tional Church will, at the meeting of
Golden Gate Council on the 14th Inst., be
initiated. It Is expected that at that
meeting there will be presented a series
of views of Cuba, with an explanatory
lecture by a gentleman well acquainted
with that country.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Damon Lodge on last Tuesday night
gave a most interesting entertainment
and dance to its friends In Pythian Cas
tle, There, was a liberal response to the.
THIRTY STRANGE STORIES
BY H. G. WELLS.
IT's enough to make one forgive Mr.
Wells' having written "The War of
the Worlds"; In fact, it's enough to
make one entertain the possibility of
reading the latest book by this au
thor, despite Its unearthly adventures,
its inhuman characters, its flying ma
chines, its Martian invaders and its glori
fication of the microbe, to become ac
quainted with the excellence of these
short stories.
Since Bulwer led the fashion in strange
I stories, these grown-up fairy tales for
! adults have appeared In all shapes and
disguises. Sometimes their development
has uncovered the author'B plot—an alto
j gether distinct thing from the story's
I plot—to preach at the unarmed reader, so
powerless to talk back. Sometimes it has
been a fad of his that he forces upon one
| through the mouths of supernatural
j beings, as if that made the fad itself
easier to swallow. Sometimes it has been
the inculcation of knowledge, that in
sidious enemy of easy-going mental pleas
i ures. Sometimes it has been purely for*
the imaginative fun of it that the scien
tific Jules Verne, and the moralist Jules
i Verne, and the political • Jules Verne,
j and the optimistic Jules Verne,
; and the artistic Jules Verne nave
j beckoned us on to the supernatural and
1 led us through the domain of the marvel-
I ous, till our literary souls have been sa
tiated with the wonderful, and it is only
, with the moHt languid interest that we
follow, afraid of being bored by old com
; blnatlons, anticipating the climax and be
j littling the magic of it all.
The antidote for it all is Mr. Wells'
"Aepyornlß Island," a simple, efficacious
and most delightful remedy. So delightful,
in fact, that it's worth having been poi
soned in order to require the antidote.
"Aepyornis Island" is the ta-le of an
other Lost Ingenue, as Elbert Hubbard
calls the Dodo. But such a graceful story
of the graceless Aepyornis, of its shocking
ingratitude and of us foster-father's trials
as it is! So permeated with humor, so
thoroughly logical and so consistently
impossible Is the simple narration of the
finding of an egg of this bird, extinct for
3000 years. Its hatching in the warm sun,
the companionship between the castaway
and this representative of ornithological
bluest blood, that it might serve as a
model to strange story writers for all
time.
The author's account of the catastrophe
is charming. "Think of the shame of it,
too!" he says. "Here was this extinct
animal mooning about my island like a
sulky Duke, and me not allowed to rest
the sole of my foot on the place. I used
to cry with weariness and vexation. I told
him straight that 1 didn't mean to be
chased about a desert island by any
anachronism. I told him to go
and peck a navigator of his own age. But
h* only snapped his beak at me. Great,
ugly bird—all leg and neck!"
So then he killed his fourteen-foot-high
feathered Frankenstein, and this is the
result: "Good Lord! You can't Imag
ine how I missed that bird. 1 sat by
his corpse and sorrowed over him.
Thirty Strnnge Storlos. oy H. G. Wellß.
For sale by A. M. Robertson, 12C Post street.
Price Jl 50.
***»♦♦»»#»♦*********
invitations of the committee for-the occa
sion, which was composed of Will J- oe
atty. chairman. John H. Daunton, Dr.
Clifford and E. S. Harding. The pro
gramme included an address of welcome
By the chairman of the committee cornet
solo by 1. M. Coggins, selections by a»e
Seymour Quartet, song and dance b
Miss Hazel OJlaghan. recitation by Lou
Trattwetter. ballad by Mrs Belden, ven
triloquism by Professor P. J. Dwyer. and
duet and double dance by Misses Belden
and King. The aiTair was a very enjoy
able one. and many of the audience re
mainod to Join In the dances that fol
lowed The chairman of the committee
was complimented by many for the suc
cessfui manner In which the affair was
CO The Cnet: lodge at T'kiah was instituted
last night by H. Schaffrier, G. K. of R. &
S the date of institution which had been
set for the Bth having been changed.
Laurel Lodge will hold a lodge reception
to-morrow night In Pythian Castle to the
Knights who are in the United States
service and are at Camp Merritt.
A regiment of Knights will be recruited
in this domain to offer its services to the
Government. H. K. Arndt will be the
colonel and H. Schaftner will be the re
cruiting officer.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
At a meeting of Mission Hive held last
Tuesday evening arrangements were
completed for Red Cross work. The
committee appointed at a previous meet
ing reported that it had called on the of
ficers of the several regiments at Camp
Merritt and had ascertained what was
most needed, and that It had been decided
to work independently of the Red Cross
Society. The ladies nf the hive will make
bed and pillow ticks and other articles
for the present comfort of the soldiers.
These articles will b* taken to the camp
and delivered to the officers for distribu
tion to the men.
The hive also decided to create a relief
fund for the benefit of families of the I
members of the Maccabees who have or
shall enlist for the war. This work will
be the special fraternal work of the hive,
and the members will try to emulate the \
ancient Maccabees, from whom the order j
tnkes Its name. Quite a sum of money j
was contributed and the ladle? are very
enthusiastic in the work in which they
are engaged.
INDEPENDENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Court Golden Gate at its last held meet- ,
ing decided by a unanimous vote to hold
in good standing any of its members who
shall enlist as volunteers during the
present war should any such members be
unable to keep up their dues and assess
ments.
Last Tuesday night Yerba Buena had a
large attendance to greet the members of
the order who are in the Thirteenth Min
nesota Volunteers.- There was a good
representation of the boys in blue, and a
fine programme was presented for their
entertainment.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
C. B. Carleton, former grand secretary
and for some time past the publisher of
the Sentinel, the official organ of the or
der, has removed to Oak Park.. 111., a
little town adjoining the city of Chicago,
where he will hereafter continue the pub
lication. It is proposed to improve it in
many ways.
Mrs. J. Li. Wheelock, grand protector,
has issued her first circular, which gives
a great deal of information to the mem
bership, and the members ought to at
tend the lodge meetings to hear the same
read.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Ivanhoe Circle of the Companions of
the Forest has elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing term: Miss Mcßeth,
C. C; Mrs. Lukes, S. C. ; Miss Ervine, F.
S.; Mrs. Pemberthy, R. S. ; Mrs. Sheldon,
T. ; Mrs. Hanjes, R. G. ; Mrs. Coney, L.
G.; Miss Carr, I. G. ; and Mrs. Waker
ling, O. G.
Violet Circle, in conjunction with Court
Violet, will give a social on the evening
of next Saturday.
From the arrangements that have been
made for the picnic of the Ancient Order
of Foresters and Companions of the
Forest, to be given on the 18th inst. in
Shell Mound Park, it Is probable that
there will be a big crawd and that there
will be a fine day's outing.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Mizpah Lodge No. 4, Friends of the
Forest, gave a flag entertainment on Sat
urday, May 28. The hall was beautifully
decorated with American flags, and all
persons were presented with a flag as
they entered. The programme was ex
cellently rendered, the folowing being a
few of the numbers: "On the Banks of
the "Wabash" was sung remarkably well
by a little tot of 5 years; Mr. Brackett,
comic recitation, entitled "Italian's De
scription of George Washington"; Mrs.
Harry King, parody, "Woodman, Spare
That Tree"; Mips Lucas, skirt dance; the
Misses Priest, hornpipe; Miss Schwark,
vocal solo; Miss Benson, vocal solo,
"Remember the Maine"; Miss Car
roll, national Bong; reading by Mr.
Hubbell; Professor Joseph F. Moore and
his mandolin club of thirty members;
also comic farce by seven young ladies,
entitled, "No Cure, no Pay." Three prizes
were given for the best-decorated ladies
in American colors. Miss Gaster received
the first. Dancing continued until a late
hour.
America Lodge, the newly instituted
NEW EDITION OF
THACKERAY'S "PENDENNIS."
THE new edition of Thackeray the
Harpers are publishing is notable
mainly for the biographical notes
by Thackeray's daughter and hith
erto unpublished letters of the
greatest of English story tellers.
The Pendennis volume has an account of
Thackeray's school days. "I can remem
ber," says Mrs. Ritchie, "hearing my
grandfather say that Euclid was like
child's play to my father, who went
through the first books with absolute ease
ami facility. Algebra, nn the contrary, he
always disliked, and there were other sub
jects he turned from; for instance, he de
clared to the end of his life that he never
could understand the difference between
latitude and longitude."
In distinctly Pendennia reminiscence,
the r ■-'•'- )s not so rich as was "Vanity
Fair," but there are
numerous humorous
sketches, the design
for a Hogmagundy
being a testimony to
Thackeray's carica
turing ability.
"There were Pen
dennises and Warring
tons, too, at Cam
bridge in the year
1829, the year Thack
eray was at Cam
bridge," Mrs. Ritchie
writes. "Dobbin was
there also, in another
colored coat. Al
though they did not
* become intimate un-
MRS.RiCHMONu .MCHiEtil after they had
left college, my father's relations to
Edward Fitzgerald had perhaps some
resemblance to those of Pendennis
and Warrington; and yet, my father was
not Pendennfs any more than the other
was Warrington."
In this introduction also are the names
of those who posed unconsciously for
Laura and Pendennis.
"In those days there was a little girl
living at Brighton, a charming little girl
with dark eyes and curly brown hair; and
I have often heard the story how she
came running into the room and said her
name was Laura, and how my father then !
and there made her godmother to his I
heroine. She was the youngest daughter j
uf Horace Smith, of. the Rejected Ad
dresses.' Little Laura married Mr. John
Round, and died still young, still dark
eyed, gay and charming.
"Nor must I forget to mention a vis
itor who used to come to Kensington in I
the very early days of Pendennis. He |
was a father short, good-looking young :
man, with a fair, placid face. It was I
summer time and we dined at an early j
hour; and one day after dinner, by day
light still, my father pulled out his sketch
book and began to make a drawing of his :
guest. This was a young literary man :
just beginning his career; his name was
Charles Lamb Kenny, and we were told j
that he was to be the hero of the new i
book, or rather, that the hero was to look !
like Mr. Kenny."
Pendennis was finished in 1850. "Having '
I lodge of the Friends of the Forest, will
i hereafter hold Its meetings on the second
i and fourth Friday evenings at Mission
1 Masonic Hall, Twenty-third and Mission
! streets.
This order is progressing nicely, and in
the near future expects to institute a new
! lodge in Texas.
THE DRUIDS.
Noble Grand Arch Goller has fully re
covered from his recent illness, and Past
; Grand Arch Devoto, who has been ill for
! some time, is recovering.
' The picnic at San Jose by Galileo and
! Alpine groves on Sunday, May 29, was a {
great success. It required fifteen cars to
carry all the excursionists. The members ;
' of the San Jose contingent joined in and
helped swell the numbers. There was a
fine programme of amusement and ora- :
tlon in Italian by F. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. I
A , and one in English by L. G. Schord, ;
; P. S. A.
WHIST
PRACTICAL ADVICE TO WHIST PLAYERS.
LAST week we gave some practical ad
vice to those who are put In charge of
whist tournaments, contests, matches,
etc., and how they can help make
them much more popular. This week
we think It our duty to say a few
words to the players themselves who
take part In such tournaments. They, too.
| have a part to perform, and they should per
• form It well.
It is as necessary for the players to do their
i duty 0s it Is for the referee, or one in charge,
! to do his. Like a pair of shears, the two halves
I must be perfectly united to do good work, and
have everything cut or run smoothly.
LSefore enu-rlns a tournament or match game
you should carefully read the laws of dupli
cate whist, and become familiar with them.
j and play strictly in accordance with the same.
When you make up your mind to enter a
i whl«t contest, and the rules require you to
j make a formal entry, don't wait until the last
! minute to do so.
When you do enter, you should give the name
of your club, where it Is from, the captain's
name first, then follow with the full names
of each of your team; don't omit the given
i name or Initials. This little request may seem
I trifling to some, but it is a labor saving device
for the referee and scorers.
Pm the strictest attention to the announce
ments of the referee: if you don't understand
what he tells you the first time, have It re-
P "n \>laver should go on playing In a match
when he' does not know what Is expected of
him In regard to scoring, moving or changing
' l n shmfl'd %c' the duty of every player enter-
Ing a match to assist the one In charge as
much as possible by doing what he is told to
do, and do It cheerfully nnd at once.
Always play your cards with as little delay
as possible "and do Justice to yourself and
'■ partner. Playing unnecessarily slow is a great
I aggravation at a whist table— you make the
I game a bore to every one around you Instead of
I a pleasure. ■
Never touch any cards on the table during
the play of a deal except your own; if you are
entitled to see any cards that have been
turned, ask the player to show them.
I'oint the ends of the cards to the winner of
each trick; some players have a habit of plac
ing the cards of a trick won, in one pile, and
the cards of a trick lost in another: this Is con
trary to the law and should not be allowed at
a whist table.
To prevent mistakes in scoring, both sides
should state In a low whisper as soon as a
| deal Is played the number of tricks won by
i each; be sure that you agree before touching
the cards. Never speak loud enough to be
I heard at the next table.
Be sure that the score Is recorded before you
touoh your cards to put them back Into the
tray or holder.
When a deal has been played and the score
recorded and vouched for, each player should
j thoroughly mix the cards and put them back
I In the pocket of the tray at once, and let them
i remain there.
It 1b the duty of each player at a table to
watch to see no mistake occurs In putting down
the score.
If a mistake Is made In putting down a
score, It should never be erased: the referee
should be called to furnish a new score slip —
the one on which the mistake occurs should be
handed to him to destroy.
When you "O. K." or vouch for your ad
versaries' score, which must be done at the
end of each round, you should write your full
name: don't put down Just your Initials.
When the scores at a tnble are made up
properly vouched for by each adversary, they
should be placed handy for the collector.
Never post-mortem a deal after you have
played it whrn It has to be moved to another
table for play; you not only disturb players
around you, but nine times out of ten you will
get the cards mixed.
Never during a contest or match of any kind
ask a player at another table what he made on
any certain deal: Invariably some one hears
the reply that has yet to play It.
Should a question arise over which there
can be any misunderstanding or dispute, ap
peal at once to the referee: don't wait until
you have attracted the attention of all play
ers in the room.
If. In the course of piny, you make what is
R»nernlly known as "j-lam hand,' keep It to
yourself.
lr a player Is ignorant of the law on any par
ticular point, he has the riyht to consult or
refer to a printed code to post him, even dur
ing a contest.
Bear In mind a referee Is not for the purpose
of quoting the law to those Ignorant of It, ex
cept In making his decisions. He is there to (
completed my story this day," Thacke
ray wrote to his mother, "and wrote finis,
I am very tired, weary and solemn-mind
ed." Mrs. Ritchie says she can remember
"the morning Helen died. He came into
our schoolroom half-laughing and half
ashamed and said to us. "I do not know
what James can have thought of me when
he came in and found me blubbering over
Helen Pendennls" death.' "
Thackeray was fiercely criticized for
trying to win favor with the non-literary
classes by decrying his own profession.
In replying to the attack made upon him
he wrote:
"The only moral that I. as a writer,
wished to hint at in the description
against which you protest, was that it is
the duty of a literary man, as well as of
every other, to practice regularity and
sobriety, to love his family, to pay his
tradesmen. Nor is the picture I have
drawn a 'caricature which I condescend
to.' My attempt was to tell the truth and
to tell it not unkindly. I have seen the
bookseller whom Bludger robbed of his
books. I have carried money, and from a
noble brother-man-of-letters. to some
one not unlike Shandon in prison, and
have watched the beautiful devotion of
his wife in that dreary place. Why are
these things not to be described, if theyil
lustra.e, as they appear to me to do, that
strange and awful struggle which takes
place in our hearts and in the world?"
Pendennis: Biographical edition of Thacke
ray's complete works. For gale by A. M.
Robertson, 126 Post street. Price $1 50 per
volume.
BOOK NOTES.
When Literature announced recently
that England's poet laureate had severed
his connection with the newspaper world
in order to devote himself to poetry Lon
don Truth commented upon the change
with the following lines:
As a result of the advance in the price
of paper, a number of the newspapers in
the State of New York have increased
their prices from 1 to 2 cents a copy.
Similar action is expected on the part of
the Chicago papers.
Crockett is to write a serial for the Pall
Mall Magazine, which will commence im
mediately now that "Rupert of Hentzau"
is finished. "The Silver Skull"— the cresc
of a great Italian family— will be the
title.
Alphonse Daudefs last book, "The
Head of the Family," has been trans
lated by Levin Carnac. It is published by
G. P. Putnam's Sona.
Mrs. Humphry Ward's new novel "Hel
beck of Bannisdale" will be published
early in June by the Macmillan Company.
TempVar and Golden Star groves will
give a grand picnic in Wildwood Glen.
Park, Sausallto, on Sunday, the 12th inst.
A few days since a sneak thief entered
the office of Grand Secretary >raves in
the Druids' building and stole his travel
ing satchel, in which there was not much
of value except a number of blanks be
longing to the order. The grand secre
tary says that the thief can find the key
in the same place where the satchel was.
ORDER OF PENDO.
Dewey Council was instituted at Aber
deen. Wash., last month with twenty-two
charter members.
Deputy Cressey is organizing a council
at Grass Valley.
Reports from various councils In the
jurisdictions show an increase by initia
tion.
Delta Council was organized at Visalla
last month. There were twenty signers
to the application for a charter.
see that It Is Justly administered, and to pro*
tect the Interest of each and every player.
When a contest Is over, keep away from
the official scorer; it only annoys him and
delays the announcement of the result.
WHIST MATCH BY CORRESPONDENCE.
Whist, the Journal that every whister In the
country watches so anxiously for each month,
has started the long-looked-for whist tourna
ment by correspondence. We are afraid it has
made a serious mistake at the start by asking
us to be one of the contestants— as a "long
suiter."
The details of the tournament are as fol
lows, as furnished by the above journal:
Sixteen players take ;iart in the tourney,
eight long-suit players being opposed to eight
short-suit players. Four tables are formed, and
at each table a long-suit pair will meet a short
suit pair. There will be no change of position —
every player having the same partners and
same adversaries throughout the tourney.
Each player will play 100 hands, acting in
turn as leader, second, third and fourth hand.
A set of numbered whist blanks are sent to
every player, and each blank will show tha
hand to be played on a given deal and the po
sition of the player. These are to be retained
by the player for reference.
The tourney will be diveded into four sec
tions (A. B. C and D) of twenty-five hands
each, and with each section will be sent a
duplicate set of blanks to be filled up and
returned— thus, north at table 1 will receive
the twenty-five diagrams that form section A,
showing his cards and position on each deal.
At the same time he will receive an explanation
of the system of play adopted by his partner
and adversaries (as stated by themselves) and
a separate set of blanks for those deals In sec
tion A In which It Is his turn to play — in this
case It would be deals 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21 and 25.
He would enter his cards In the rroper spaces
and return the second set to this office In the
stamped envelope enclosed for the purpose. At
this office the cards played by north would be
noted In our diagrams and then transferred
to the blanks for east, and forwarded to him.
When received back the cards played by north
and east are entered upon souths set of
blanks and sent away, and so on— always in
sets of six or seven at a time.
One person only will know all the players
and all the hands; one hand in every four is
an arranged hand, the remaining 39 cards be
ing shuffled and mixed, till they as nearly as
possible realized the ideal equivalent of being
"Bhot out of a volcano" before they were dealt
for the other three hands. Nevertheless we
question If the most enreful design could In
some cases have produced combinations more
curious or more likely to result in some ex
ceedingly Interesting play.
Every combination will be opened In turn
by two long-suit teams against a short-suit
defense, and by two short-suit teams against
a long-suit defense. The leaders' hands are
so framed as In afford long and short suiters
alike the best possible opportunity of proving
which system gives the best results from a
given combination, whether it be opened with
a supporting card or a fourth best, a number
showing lead or "top o' nothing."
THE SILENT GAMES.
This Is the nnme of a new monthly maga
zine devoted to chess, checkers and whist.
We hate to see the head put onto the tall, but
it comes from Carthage. Mo., and that may be
the way they do things down In the "I re-kon"
country- This little work costs 50 cents a
year. Sample copies sent free. Address The
Silent Games, Carthage, Mo.
WHIST BY HARVARD, YALE AND PRINCETON
The Intercollegiate whist tournament recently
held by Harvard, Yale and Princeton was a
great success. Harvard finished first, Yale
second. Mr. Howard Rogers, whist editor of
the Evening Journal of Albany, N. V., says:
"In their struggle for the champ ■ nship the
college boys showed remarkably good discipline,
and the match was one of the mnFt orderly
and business-like ever played. There was not
a word of comment among the players that
could be hr-ard at the next table, and what
I'ttle fault-finding took place was more in the
way of good-natured regret than of criticism.
The players changed their placrs expeditlously,
kept their scores with rPm;irknWe accuracy,
and attended strictly to the play In n mnnner
that would put many of our older organizations
to the blush.
"The Harvards undoubtedly won the match
by superior play. They were better strategists
and seemed better able to read the cards than
either of tbe teams from the other colleges."IN THE LOWER THEATRICAL HEAVENS
WHERE LESSER STARS DO SHINE
T F the mythical manager who al
ways haunts the young actor's
dream wove to come true now sud
denly as In a theatrical fairy tale;
ii" he were to make hla appearance
and flutter the dramatic doves with a
hope that at last r -pnition and ap
preciation v.-ore on the way, what would
he find of Interest in San Francisco?
Apart from Clay Clement, who's his
own managerial fairy godfather, and
so indepi ndeni of the stray miracle — a
visiting manager there's not much
theatrical talent to be coveted here.
Perhaps It's just as well t .at the fairy
tale remains unrealized and that the
actor, v h his talent as wasted
upon the desert air of inappreciation,
should never know the "curse of
d wishes'', for as things are he,
at least, retains his p",,d opinion of
rims. strain in the ever
lasting elegy he sings over his unful
filled hopes. And if he had his longed
• portunity he might lose even that.
ve,ver— in the unlikely event of his
far as San Francisco in his
eearch for the meritorious — the Haroun
AI Rasehid of tho dramatic profession
of talent even now,
v he: 1 , two of the best theaters in town
are closed.
• *
AT the AJcazar a little character part
v hlch holds th< w minutes
: | ur acts of "Th
.. mles" I lifted
. ■ tain of the apia-^e
an excellent bit of acting. Mrs.
■ - Lady Teigne is clever, !
i. It shows thought and it shows !
ugh is natural and
s short, labored !
jh, but the hearty, physical affair:
full-chested old woman: and her;
"damn" is i^ vigorous, as natural and
-as though she en
• gether she makes of
the tyrannical old Invalid whose part]
playa a Bketch that Thackeray
would have enjoyed and recognized.
• • •
There's a repose about Florence Rob
that makes one wonder why she
■ nearer the top of the theatrical i
tiee than she is. Sh? lacks utterly that
onscioUß, irritating vanity that i
In smart comedy particularly j
;h nowaday? — or at least
t so w it if she does possess
it. which is art and very restful. She
very sweel voice, a pretty face
and flgurt yes about the stage
she were i>l home, not on exhibi
tion, iiiii over-act. It is pos
• Bhe does under-act. but it
will take a more extended view of her
work to br Bure of that. She surprises
you by her charmingly natural tone
and gesture. One hra<- self to
th«- disillusion of mawkish melo
iti< sentimentality only to become
f a dtlicacy of per
.iid a quiet, natural method
'.rue sentiment into the situa-
Isn't conscious of her clothes.
When she- loaves the stage she does not
mar the t-ftv.-i by that hackneyed false
■ which is the mark of the theatrical
.-t and which should be used so
■lgly, and her every entrance is a
■welcome one.
At the Columbia the unknown quan
tity le Gertrude O'Malley. who plays
"Martha" in a way to awaken interest
ny other role that she may take.
one — and the resemblance
■vis rot all in the Southern accent— of
' Eleanor Moretti, whose Roxey was
the pulse of Pudd'n Head Wilson, and
i, though she ranked next to Mayo
himself in that production, never did
:- : '- anything else that was noteworthy; so
was she for that one char
• ' 'av.ter which displayed her beauty and
frer talents, as though she had been
■ ■•■: !•■ | lay that one part. If Ger
';'' trude O'Malley develops ability, it will
,!.fiot be <p n the conventional lihesj it will
•.: be In an uncommonk individual way
Which should make her success an un
... usiiiil one.
* • •
• • Tphfum there's a four-footed
.Cpquellp, who plays the clown with
. : i-r/'IV-ssor Leonidas' wonderfully train
":."';ri'l\cats and dogs, with a humorous ap
preciation of his own silliness that is
funny. Nature gave him -an id
.. Jotic pinkr.ess of eye, a sheep-like, white
■ : .i\ice. and long ears that testify to his
; lyfied mentality. And then art
:.:' finished him with the most ridiculous
<>f make-ups, shearing the hind portion
■ of him. in a way which Laurence Hut
t n. that dog idealist, would certainly
consider cruelty to animals. To add
sense of and suffering from ridicule to
all thf* long list of virtues with which he
canonizes ye dogge would not be sur
prising in a man who expects to meet
dead and gone before Whiskey, Punch
and Mop on the other side.
* • •
Ezra Kendall is the Orpheum's repre
sentative of that most difficult of the-
J. attainments — the art of mono
. . which, dispensing with the host
of theatrical helps, aims to be a whole
theater in itself. The kind of theater
Mr. Kendall would be is not a Come
(!;•■ Francaise, but to judge of its ef-
Lvenesß, :;!l yu r.t-ed to do is to
glance at the faces that fill the Or
pheum. They all bear the same rela
tion to the speaker—that of amused in
AMUSEMENTS.
MOBOSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Rf gular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
This Afternoon and To-Night. Last Two Per-
,■.../;" formances of .
The Great Marine Spectacular Play,
"THE BOTTOM OF THE SEAr
Commencing TO MORROW. NIGHT. Second
Week of the Eminent Character Actor,
GEORGE P. WEBSTER, ,
In an Elaborate Production of Sutton Vane's
Great Melodrama,
"THE COTTON KING."
Under the Supervision of the Well-Known
Eastern Actor,
H. Percy: M.ELDON.
Second Week of the Sterling Juvenile Actor,'
MAX YON MIT/.EL.
TUT Great Mill Scene!
Jni Thrilling Elevator Scene..
'" L Cotton Mills In Full Operation!!!
Exciting Plot. Strong Stock Cast.
MORE FUN IN THE CITY !
/\T THE CHUTES !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND , EVENING.
THAN AT ANY OTHER PLACE OF AMUSE-
< . ■ , . . MENT. ;■•,„■....
TOO MANY ATTRACTIONS TO MENTION!
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER!
BOLDIERB IN UNIFORM ALWAYS FREE!
100 to All, , Including : Zoo, etc. . Children. 6c. ;
'. •' '-^l'\' ■ ".'* ':■"?>,■ "'■'■''■ ■ " ■" - ■ i - ■
terest, and the degree varies from the
half-smile, or the unconcealed grin, to
the belated ha! ha: that begins the
laugh all over again.
A late writer on the Decline of Ene:- ■
lish Comedy attributes the melancholy |
result to a pnssion for decency, a puri
tanical insistence upon gentility that
h;i.s crowded out the burly, good na
tured, easy-going farcical delegate to
the congress of theatrical representa
tion. No one can accuse the French
of prudery, and yet, if we're to judge
by the translations offered us, their
comedies are even worse than ours, for
they lack in wit and in decency, too.
Kendall's method suits his audience.
He knows that to allude to the neces
sity of a mackintosh for the engineer
on "that railroad with the short curves
will not offend, for the -majority of his
listeners have no imagination, and |
those that are blessed with the divine
attribute leave it at home, together
with other mental qualities that would
be out of place. here. You go to the
Orpheum to be amused, and the clever
ness with which vaudeville is conduct
ed nowadays is evidenced by the fact
that all softs and conditions of people
find entertainment here.
It's amusing to see the way Kendall
drives every witticism, pun or innu
endo home. Nothing is wasted. The
good thing is said, and the br
6mooth face, with its keen, small eyes
and thin-lipped mouth, is turned seri
ously upon his laughing audience. And
then, to clinch the jok^. to bring in the
stragglers who recognize funny things
slowly and with great difficulty, there's
an additional dry word or phrase, a
sort of sequel, a completion that makes
the laugh unanimous.
Mr. Kendall's plagiarism in his "orig
inal monologue" is quite allowable. The
monologuist becomes the fin de siecle
bard who gives a verbal epigram to
the public, the majority of whom would
never know otherwise about the poet,
for instance, whose name embodies the
fate in store for Ingersoll; and sundry
i-ther jokes whose effect is not a whit
1< ssened because they are told by the
man who didn't originate them.
It is too early in the season to give
a complete list of what we have in
view for the Baldwin Theater, writes
the management, but thus far we have
secured several of Mr. Frohman's at
tractions, including "The Sign of the
Cross," Henry Miller; 'Secret Service"
and "Never Again." Of course there
are quite a number of new companies
that have not as yet arraneed for the
coming season, from both Mr. Dan and
Charles Frohman. We will get the
Bostonians, Richard Mansfield, "A
Lady of Quality." E. H. Sothern, Fanny
Davenport, all of Klaw & Erlanger's
attractions: David Belasco's new pro
duction, Julia Marlowe, "A Man From
Mexico," perhaps Sol. Smith Paissell,
with whom we are now negotiating;
"Sporting Duchess," Augustus Pitou'.s
attractions, "The Circus Girl," De Wolf
Hopper, Frank Daniels Opera Com
pany, "The Wedding Days," "The
French Maid," James-Warde-Rhea
combination and "The Bride-Elect."
At the Columbia Theater we have
already booked for the coming seasoti
Kellar, the magician; West's Minstrels,
Primrose & Dockstadter's Minstrels,
Mathews & Bulger in "At Gay Coney
Island"; Hanlon's Superba, Hoyt's at
tractions, "The Salt of the Earth," a
new play by Joseph Arthur, James A.
Herne, May Irwin, Andrew Mack,
Chauncey- Olcott, "Way Down East,"
"A Contented Woman," "At Pine
Ridge," "Cumberland 61," James
O'Neill, the Lilliputians, Robert Man
tell, Rowland Reed, "The Cherry Pick
ers," "Under the Red Robe," Blue
Jeans. Of course there are a great
many companies forming with excel
lent attractions that we shall put in
the Columbia Theater.
For the California Theater we have
booked "Chimmie Fadden." "Coon Hol
low," "Eight Bells," "la Old Kentucky."
Kelley & Mason, "McFadden's Row of
...AMUSEMENTS. '.?.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
Special Return Engagement.
• ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY.
NEXT WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON at 2:15,
THE GREAT TRIO.
YSAYE,
GERARDY,
and LACHAUME
In a Brilliant P: gramme.
POPULAR PRICES. .
The Last Opportunity to Hear These Superb
• Musicians. '
CALIFORNIA THBATER.
Matinee To-Day, To-Night Last Time,
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank "Gardner and -His . Riding
Baboon. "LITTLE LULU. 10— Other Big Acts— lo..
. Popular Prices— lsc, 25c and 50c.
June 19— THE PRODIGAL FATHER.
COLUMBIA HEATER.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) - and , all Next Week,
: Last Times, the Artistic Gem,
CLAY CLEMENT
As Baron -Hohenstauffen
IN THE
-£s®v- ne\a/ DOMINION. -^iß^^
June ■ IS-THE NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY.
: ; r\l VMDI4 I Co ""' of Mfion »nJ '
• •ULIJVIrIA.I-: Eddy btr..ti .
More soul-Inspiring- war scenes,-- new life pic-
tures by - the Blograph, Captain Ulgabee and
Staff United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, torped -boats and thrilling Havana
scenes, and a strong olio of ten. Great Special-
ties. Admission free. Matinee •to-day. >•.
.• - >; :. v .«' . ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
Flats," "Northern Lights," "Sunshine
of Paradise Alley," "The Gay Matinee
Girl," "The Old Homestead," "The Tar
rytown Widow," "When London
Sleeps," the Black Patti Troubadours,
Gus Hill's novelties, the New York
Stars, Field's Minstrels, Richard &
Pringle's Minstrels, "On the Suwanee
River," Donnelly &Girard. "On the Wa
bash," "A Boy Wanted," "Pudd'n
Head Wilson," "The Sports," "The Gay
Masqueraders" and Reilly and Wood's
combination.
The Baldwin.
Ysaye, Gerardy and Laehaume give
their farewell concert here next Wednes
day afternoon. The great artists will
play several" request numbers which have
been prayed for by certain feminine de
votees of music, and the concert will be
given at popular prices. Just now the
trio of famous men are delighting the
musical world in the southern part of the
State, but after Wednesday's concert they
leave for the north, and later start on a
tour of the world. The East Indies will
be among the many places visited. If
you've been so unfortunate as not to have
beard Ysaye and Gerarcly play, you'll
welcome this last opportunity. If* you
are familiar with the mastery each has
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER
"A Pronounced Success."
THIS (SUNDAY) NIGHT
And All of Next Week!
/ The public is the power. /
/ We are its servants. /
/ It demands and we shall /
/ obey and continue /
1 '
The Master of
Ceremonies
ONE WEEK MORE!
LEWIS MORRISON,
; FLORENCE ROBERTS AND ALCAZAR COM-
PANY scores the hit of , the year.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
In Prpparatlon — "A Celebrated Case."
MATINEE TO-DAT (ST'NDAT). JUNE 5.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c any part.
KATIE ROONET. "A Chip of the Old
Block"; WILLS and LORETTO. "The Tramp
and the Soubrette"; ALBIRTTTS and BART-
RUM, Champion Club Swln«ers; EZRA KEN-
DALL, Humorist; LAMOXT FAMILY, Eu-
rope' r Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS. Xylo-
phone Wonders; PROFESSOR LEONIDAS,
I Dog and Cat Circus; AL LEACH and -the 3
j ROSEBUD^; HARRY ALLISTER. New Im-
I cerscDatlon*
!of his chosen-instrument you will be glad . consequences. We came, we have been
] of just one more musical afternoon. j seen, and that we have conquered this
I The "Passion Play" will' be .presented ; critical city is attested nightly at .-. the ■'■
! 5£7 S2£msS SS^^ ! Columbia- Theater.: where it *****
and 15 cents for children. • ■. be seen that Mr. Clement. 'The : New
• • Dominion' and Mr. Clement's supporting ;
Tk r^Tf ■•■■"• ■ ' company have found favor. There is every
': " :'-:• J rv£ UdllTOrnia. . ■ indication that our second week will be
Hopkins' Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty, even more successful than the first one
Company will give its last performance at ■ Jus c ose ' ;; — — — •' ■
the California to-night. ;• . v Jhe Ti^oli. . •
~\\\Z v Golumbia ■ • " An American . Hero." a new operatic :
J , , - -..:-. " >-■-.-■■;:: spectacle ,in four : acts .by, A. Hoffman,
Every evening that "The New Domin- music composed by • Robert Planquette,
ion" is played at the Columbia means a I will be presented at " the Tivoli Opera .
I number of new friends and admirers for
I Baron Hohenstaufen, Clay Clement's
i clever characterization. The success of
I the play causes jubilation in the mana
gerial breast, whose opinion of San Fran
i Cisco from a theatrical point of view is
here given:
"Probably no city on this continent Is
so independent in its criticisms and so
discriminating in its patronage of amuse!
! ments as is this city of Sail Francisco,"
i said John Henry Martin, Clay Clement's
manager. "I have known attractions to
I come here carrying with them the highest
encomiums of the Eastern press, oiuy to
i find that they were up against a total lack
i of public approval or the approval of the
! press, and hence a distressing vacuum in
i the box office. I brought Mr. Clement
here out of season, and 1 instructed my
advance representative to refrain from
any rash and reckless promises for Mr.
Clement a* an actor and 'The New Do
nftinlon' as a play. We knew well from
experience that it made not a particle of
difference what other publics had thought
i or other pancrs had Bald about Mr. Clem
! ent and his play. We knew we must suit
; the public of San Francisco or take the
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
The Musical Travesty.
"THE POSTER"
TO-MORROW EVENING— The Patriotic
AN AMERICAN HERO.
Reappearance of
miSS LOUISE ROYCE,
The Favorite Artiste.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
No Telephone.
"SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, JUNE 5, AT 2:30 P. M.
VOLUNTEERS' DAY !
SWIMMING RACES
U. S. A. Volunteer Corps.
5000 VOLUNTEERS
Will march tn a body from Camp Richmond to
wltnejs the
AQUATIC SPORTS!
A DMISSiON 1O:-CHILDRiIN sc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now onen every Sunday during the season.
Music Dancing, Rcwling. Boating, Fishing
and other anrußements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, :sc; Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
RETAIL GROCERS' PROTECTIVE UNION.
1871-PICNIC-1898,
SUNDAY, June 5.
BCHUETZEN PARK, NEAR SAN RAFAEL.
OATE AND GAME PRIZES FOR ALL.
Tickets. Adults. 60c; Children. 25c.
MIRIAM MiCHELSON, Dramatic Editor.
RED CROSS BENEFIT AT THE PRESS CLUB.
THE art students of San Francisco
have created a widespread interest
among art lovers in their prepara
tions for the coming exhibition for
the benefit of the boys In blue. The
exhibition and sale of pictures will
take place at the rooms of the Press Club
next Saturday afternoon and evening,
and the public generally is invited to at
tend.
Prominent artists have most gener
ously contributed some of their best
work. Among the contributions already
promised are five water colors by Latl
mer. an oil landscape by Keith, a ImJ
House next week. This work was adapt
ed from the same French sources as
"Paul Jones" and "The Privateer." The
cast will include the reappearance, of
Louise Royce, after two years' success in
the East, as Arabella, the second wife of
Kerbynew; Helen Merrill as the Puritan
maid Lila, Kerbynew's ward; John J.
Raffael and Arthur Donaldson, alternat
ing as the American hero, Paul Morand;
Phil Branson as Mr. Kerbynew, a rich
merchant; Edwin Stevens as the lovable
old tar. Father Bernard; Edith Hall as
his devoted companion. Little Pete, the
cabin boy; Frank McGlynn as the Gover
nor of New Province: Macfarlane, and
Arthur Boyce as Captain Thompson. New
scenery, costumes and effects have been
prepared and a superb chorus and aug
mented orchestra will lend efficient aid.
A new finale for the third act. entitled
"A Toast to the American Flag:," written
by John P. "Wilson, music composed by
Max Hirschfeld. has been added to the
score. A complete production of a new
burlesque upon "AH Baba" will follow.
Jhe OrpKeum.
The Orpheum announces three new acts
and several changes by the favorites of
last week. Among the new people are
K-uie Rooney, who is known as one of the
lest in her line of work in the country.
She will appear in songs, dances and im
personations, including an imitation of
her father, the late Pat Rooney, who in
in oil by Raschen. a landscape by Yon
Perbandt, a study by Arthur Mathews, a
water color by Jorgensen, "Portola's Dis
covery of San Francisco Bay" by E. M.
Pissis, two landscapes by Cadenasso, a
landscape by Bloomer, a picture by
Breuer, a bust of Joaquin Miller by lie
Jeune. an oil study by Stanton and a
Chinatown water color by Nappenbach.
The music for the exhibition promises
to be one of the pleasantest features.
The Press Club will furnish the refresh
ments, the proceeds of which will be
added to the fund to be distributed by
the committee In charge, which is com
§osed of the following ladles: Mrs. A.
cott, Miss Caro Cook, Miss N. Clark and
Miss Annabel Lee.
■
his day was the idol of lovers of Celtic
comedy. Wills and Loretto will appear
! in a comedy skit; Mr. Wills in his favorite
character, that of a tramp, while the part
of the gay c.hanteuse tits Mile. Loretto
to perfection. They have a clever sketch
replete with ludicrous situations and
laughable dialogue. Mile. Loretto intro
duces her songs and dances. Alburtus
and Bartram claim the world's cham
j pionship when it comes to club swinging.
I They were here two years ago and made
I a great success, and they have a more
■ sensational act now than when here be
fore. Ezra Kendall promises an entirely
! new line of comedy. As a humorist ha
! excels. This week he will talk on a num
i ber of local subjects. Retained from last
: week's bill are Al Leach and the Three
j Rosebuds, who begin the last week of
: their engagement. Harry Allister in his
> impersonations, the Musical Johnstons, in
■ new selections on the xylophone, the La
! Mont family, acrobats, and Leonidas and
his troupe of trained cats and dogs. Mat
inees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
J^crosco's Qrarvd Opzra Housz
"The Cotton King" is next week's play
at Morosco's. George P. Webster, who
starred at this house last week, will play
Shillinglaw, while the leading role will bo
given to another newcomer, H. Percy
; Meldon. who will direct future produc
1 tions at the big opera house, besides play
j ing in the stock. Meldon has an excellent
Eastern reputation, a good stage appear
ance, and possesses a magnetic personal
ity that will soon make him a favorite
with the audiences. The plot of the play
is an interesting one. replete with strik
ing and exciting incidents/ the comedy
element is clever and amusing, and the
scenic features of the order that calls for
the ingenuity of the mechanical ffrce. A
strong scene shows the machinery .and
busy operatives of the huge cotton mills
in action. When the noon hour arrives
the whirring and busy looms stop. Other
scenes are replete with interest, as those
who saw the production at the Columbia
will doubtless remember.
The y\lcazar.
The second and last week of "The Mas
ter of Ceremonies' begins to-morrow
evening at the Alcazar. Lewis Morrison
plays the role of Stuart Dansville. and
Miss Florence Roberts is a pretty and
talented second. The stage picture in
the third act in the palace of Lord Car
voro is the handsomest setting so far
presented at the Alcazar. After "The
Master of Ceremonies" "A Celebrated
Case" will be revived. The piece is most
familiar to the majority of the theater
people of the country. The circumstances
which develop the plot and make up the
very interesting story are drawn from
scenes and incidents surrounding the lives
j of the soldiers of the "King's Own Army"
and their families. Mr. Morrison created
the role of the Count de Mornay when "A
Celebrated Case" first became popular.
The Ghutes.
At the Chutes they have what might
sincerely be described as a "monster at
traction" this week. Henri Maurice Can
non, the "Greatest Gun on Earth," as
the press agent calls him, will make his
first appearance this afternoon. Mr.
Cannon is a native of Zurich, 48 years of
age, 5 feet IQV2 inches in height, and un
assumingly carries around 613 pounds of
excess baggage in the form of fat. He is
the largest man who ever came to Ameri
j ca, and has just created a great sensa
i tion in New York. This is the second city
j in America that he has crowded his way
I into.
In the theater, besides some of last
I week's performers, Bovino and Marzella,
acrobats and contortionists, will make
their first appearance in San Francisco.
Uno, a sleight-of-hand performer, is also
a new attraction. The animatoscope
shows a number of camp scenes at Bay
District track.
Jhe Olxjmpia.
The blograph, with its thrilling war
scenes, is still the feature of the Olym
pia Music Hall, and with the new scenes
each week it would appear as though
this attraction might be kept on indefi
nitely. This week's pictures include the
cruiser Brooklyn, the flassnip of the fly
ing squadron; Troop A. Xew York's crack
cavalry company going into camp; camp
scenes at Tampa and Chickamauea. and
a number of other war scenes. The olio
of specialties includes songs, dances, nov
elties and acrobatic feats. Matinee to
day.
S. M. Shortridge has kindly consented
to auction off during the evening what
ever pictures remain from the afternoon
sale.
A general invitation is extended to pro
fessional artists and students, with the
request that they send in their contribu
tions by next Wednesday, June 8, to the
jinksroom of the Press Club at 123 Ellis
street.
Hand-painted invitations have been sent
to Governor Burld. Mayor Phelan, Gen
eral Otis. Adjutant Ceneral Barrett and
to Governor General Merritt. all of whom
have promised to be present. General
Merritt said: "I will make it my supreme
pleasure to be with you both afternoon
<md evening. "
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
• SUMMARY OF THE MAKET.
. Bank clearings gain as usual
Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower.
Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Hays and Feedstuffs steady.
' Beans firm but quiet.
Cordage advanced again.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry the same.
Berries higher.
Cherries in excessive receipt.
Dried fruit as before.
Provisions In c<x>d demand.
Wool shows signs of improvement.
Hogs very firm.
Sterling exchange advanced.
Ten failures last week.
Stocks of grain published by the exchange.
STOCK OF GRAIN IN CALIFORNIA. i
The Produce Exchange has just issued Its ;
usual semi-annual estimate of the stock ' of
grain in the State, and it compares with Jane
1, 1897, as follows:
189t 1897.
Flour,- barrels • 67,880 94.960 j
Wheat, centals 3.152.650 1,738,860 j
Barley, centals 641,080 758,600 i
Oats, centals 10:>,350 81.980 j
Banns sacks 561,263 503.730 ■!
Corn, centals 112.780 01.230 1
Rye, centals , £4,300 11,360 j
It will be observed that in spite of the dry
year the stock of everything except Flour la
much larger this year than at the same time
In ISD7. «
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 10 1
failures In th» Pacific Coast States and Terrl- '
tories, ns compared with 17 for the previous !
week and 24 for the corresponding week of I
U9< The failures for the past week are di
vided among the trades as follows: News com
pany, 1; clothing company. 1: general stores, 2; .
saloon. 1; boots and shoes, 1; leather, l;
butcher. 1; grocer, 1; liquors. 1.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clecrings last week were $15,
088.978. against 811,687,190 for the same week'
last year.
1
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top fig- \
ures ai station Indicate minimum temperature 1
Jot the days;' those underneath It. if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches j
nnd hundredths during the last twelve hour?. 1
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal ,
temperature. ; The word •'high" means high !
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied J
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied !
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
lirst appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure. ■!< lii«h In the interior and low
along the coast, and' the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "bleb" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, wanner weather racy be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an ,
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Tirr.e.> '
BAN FRANCISCO, June 4. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported da> from Weather Bureau stations .
In r-.lforn'!>- !■••;??
Eureka, 74: Red Bluff, 90; Sacramento. 90; [
Fresno. 94; Independence. SO; San Lufs Obispo,
M: Los Angeles, !"".; San Diego, M l'uma, :<■,.
San Francisco temperature — Maximum, 89; j
minimum, 56; mean, 74.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure overlies the north- !
crn half of the Pacific Slope and Is moving
slowly eastward. During the past twenty-four • 1
hours there has been a rapid rise in pressure
over the upper Missouri Valley and a slow ■
fall over tho northern half of the Pacific Coast.' i
The temperature has risen over the entire
country west of the Rock Mountains. From
Los Angelas to Fort Can by the temperatures
ore much above the normal. A moderate
norther Is blowing In the Interior of California.
Maximum temperatures approaching SO degrees
are reported along the cnast of California from
San Francisco to San Diego.
The following maximum wind velocities are !
reported. Tatoosh Island, *36 miles per hour
from the northeast; Portland, 26 miles, north
east; Idaho Kails, 32 miles, north; Yuma, 28 j
miles, north. ,
No rain has fallen in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight, June 5, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Sunday: continued '
■warm weather; northerly, changing to south
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; northerly,
changing to westerly winds. -
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
U*ah— Fair Sunday; warmer north.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Sunday; .
cooler In the afternoon and night; light north- ;
erly, changing to fresh westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken j
at I p. m . : Clear; wind northeast, light; ter- :
perature I'j, maximum, SO. . "•
ALEXANDER McADIE, I
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
' NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.. ;
NEW YORK. Juno 4. — There was -no trace,
left to-day of the reactionary tendency mani- J
fest In the stock market late yesterday. The \
change might be accounted for ..in two ways.,
First, the adoption by the Senate oi the sec- ,
tion of the revenue bill authorizing an Issue
of bonds and treasury^ certificates. .Second, the
professional speculators, who sold' stocks and i
took their profits early in the week and were ■
anxious to get back fit low prices.
The second explanation Is more likely to be
true. It whs evident before the opening of: the j
market to-day tliat' It would be N difflcuit to j
effect any further decline In prices, London
had advanced Americans a large fraction all •
aro.und. London made much of the action- of "j
the Senate in adopting the bond -provision, ;
and was also Influenced . by' the j persistent :
rumors from Paris, and even from Madrid, that
Spain was eeukinx a way to pea'oo. Puns
bought Spanish •).« heavily on tins rumor. and
effected a sharp advance .In the price. . it is .
probable that the buying: of Americans -in Lon- j
don was In jtnrt on cabled orders from. New
York by purchasers too eager to wait 'for the
Opening here. No account was taken of the
reported slnklnjr of an American collier. in the
mouth of Santiago harbor, a.s li was accepted
as a rr.r«r;iir" for blockading the harbor. .
The rumor of the destruction of the Spanish '
fleet had ■■ more ; effect, and. prices advanced I
buoyantly all tin- '!■;;■! the list. When the bonk I
statement first appeared there was some pres- :
pure to Sell by traders, .who make It, a rr:- 1 to
always sell stocks when the banks',- surplus
reserves show a decrease; But a better '
analysis of the return soon led to renewed buy- !
ing. The lire of money reflected in the loan |
expansion is a healthful feature of the bttsi- '
ness outlook. The closing was active and |
strong at r.enr top prices, net pains In the case
of most active stocks ranging between 1 and 2 '
points and In exceptional oases above that. ■..".
Attention Is attracted by the Government's
Ftatomenf of .the amount of money in circula
tion In : the country en | June I, | which ' is strrt>;d
at' n.S39.S3S.2.'C exclusive of the holdings of the.
United States treasury. This 'ls a • circulation i
per capita of $14 73.
The Increnpe In tjie circulation in May alone
Trpst33.lS6.Sl4. of which $32,333,871 was of gold.
Trr the year the circulating medium was ex- j
panded $1£0,1E4,3C1, and of this $123,349,95S 1b of |
Fold. The country's net gold Imports of nearly
$100,000,000 In liquidation of the trade balanct
j appears |in the circulation. Hut that thin
i amount of net imports of gold comes anywhere
near effecting a final settlement of the trade
balance of the year is not conceivable. Th«
■ trade balance for the fiscal year In our favoi
will certainly approach near $000,000,000," com
pared with the greatest previous favorable bal
ance of less than $300,000,000.
Bonds have distinctly shown the broadening
pressure of idle money seeking employment in
enlarged business and higher prices. United
States new 4s have advanced 14. the old 4s
I coupon 1. the 2.s > the us registered % and the
Is coupon Hi in the bid price. ' : > .
The total sales of stocks to-day were 253.200
shares. Including: Atchison. 5125; Atehtson
, preferred. $25.-, : Chesapeake and Ohio. 1365;
I Burlington. MIS; Cleveland. Coiffmbus, Cincin
nati and St. Louis. 11,53); Louisville and Nash
ville, 3155; Manhattan. 7*22; Missouri Pacific,
I2?2: North American, 4700: Northern Pacific,
SMC: Northern Pn rifle preferred, U. 122: Rock
Island. S4SO; St. Pmil. 3720; Southern preferred,
4CGO; Union Pacific preferred. 15,850: Tobacco,
I 3320; Chicago Grout Western. 3560: People's
] O*s. 5760; Gene-nl Electric. COSS: Paeiflr. Mall,
j 4125; Sugar,; 16.G30; Leather preferred, SIS.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13b St Louis & S F... S
I>O prefd aa' /4 Do Ist prefd.... 64
Baltimore & Ohio I*',« Do 2d prefd.... 31%
j Canada Pacific .. Js7>i. St P M & M 144
1 Canada Southern. l'l\ So Pacific 18 :
j Central Pacific .. 14 .So Railway »v;
! dies & Ohio 23'; Do prefd ..': 32%
I Chi & Alton l",s Texas & Pacific.. 12
j Chi B & Q.. V&hi Union Pacific ... 24%
1 Chi & E 111 65^ Do prefd 62
. C C C & Si L.... 37^; V P D & G 1%
I Do prefd 70 Wabash 714
Del & Hudson... 110% Do prefd r.< • .
, Del LA W 154 Wheel &L E 2%
Den & & 0 12 Do prefd 12>*
! i-)o prerd 4; * Express Companies-
Eric (new) 1S 1 4 Adams Ex 100
Do Ist prefd .... 37 American Ex 124
I Fort Wayne IGS United States 40
!nt Nor prefd 174 Wells Fargo ..... 116
' Hocking Valley.. 5", i Jliscellaneous—
Illinois Central .. 105 A Cot Oil 22
Lake Erie .V W.. i:>" Do prefd 744
Do pivfd ~3\ Amn Spirits 134.
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 3214
Louis & Nash 66% lAm Tobacco .;... IQS'A
Manhattan L .... 105^; Do prefd 117
Met St Ry 159 People's Gas 101
Mich Cent 104 Cons Gas 190 .•
Minn ft St U.... 2.» Cum Cable C 0.... 160
Do Ist prefd .... &Mi Col F & Iron 22* i
Mo PaclOc 85*4 Do prefd 50
Mobile £■ 0hi0... 2.' Gen Electric 37%
Mo X & T 11«; Illinois Steel 66
Do preM S6ii Laclede Gas 50»;
Chl Ii d & L...... ■-, l-al : :::i.
Do prefd ...-■ 30 Do prefd lOGii
N .1 Central yo>i Nat Lin Oil 10
N V Central 11-: , Or Imp Co 204
N V hi & S L... 13 Pacific Mall 29%
Do Ist prefd.... 65 Pullman Palace... ISP-.
Do 2d prefd.... Jl4 silver Certificates £<•';.
Ncr West 13 f:tar.d R ft T <\\
No Amer Co 6 Sugar 1C
No Pacific 30 Do nrefd US
Do prefd 6s"» 1' C .<• Iron 25»i
Ontario ft W li% r s Leather 7%
Or R A Nay 51 Do prefd Co
Or Short Line.... 30 V S Rubber 20«.
Plttßburg 16S Do prefd 784
Reading 19?; West fnlon 92"
Do Ist prefd.... 47 'St I. & S W...... 4%
Rock Island : 1W I<..1 <. . Do prefd 10";,
St Paul 100-* R O W 25»i
Do prefd 14"* Do prefd 6*V,
St P& Cm If. rhi G W 14%
Do prefd 14? >Hnw Com Co 224
CLOSING BONOS.
U S new 4s reg.. 123 iX Carolina 65.... 124
Do coup 123 I Do 4s 101
I" S Is 10S% Xo Pac Ists 116
Do coup 11l I Do 3s 61%
Do Ids !!5Vi Do 4s J-6 1 ;
D S 5s re 111% IN V C ft: 8 L 4s. 104%
Do is coup m Nor & \V (a 120
District 3.C5R 114 Northwstrn cons. 13;>>i I
Ala class A 110 j Do deb os 1154 !
Do B 103 O Nay lsts 113
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 9f»4
Do Currency ... M) OS Line 6s tr.... 1264
Atchison 4s 93 OS Line is tr.... 1244
Do adj 4s 66 O Imp lsts tr.... 1104
Can So 2ds 108% . Do 5s tr 59%
Chi Term 4s SO Pacific 6s of 85... 1064
C & Ohio 5s 1144 Reading 4s 80%
C H ft D 4V.S 104% R G W lsts &8
D & H G lsts 10fiU|st I, & I M C ss. 95
D & R G lsts.... 106U St L ft S F G Cs. 119%
D & R G 4s 94V4 St P Con 143
Ea.«t Term lsts... 107 St PC & P lsts.. 118
Erie Gen 4? 7414 Do 5s 116
F W & D lsts tr. 72% So Ry 5s 93%
Gen Elec Bs 1024 Stand R & T 65... 70
G H & S A Gs 103 Vi Term new set 35.. 87V>
Do 2ds 1034 T & P L G lsts. 103 0
II ft T Css 109 Do R 2.1s 864
Do con 6s 104 I" PD & G lsts. uS'i
lowa C lsts 100' i \Vab Ist 3s ICW
I*a new cons 45.. 100 1 10 2ds . f^%
I. ft N Unl 45.... 90<-;|W Shore 4s 103
Missouri 6s 100 iVa Centuries 6S
M K& T 2ds « ' Do deferred ... a
Do 4s 87% V P prefd ........ 62%
N V Central lsts. 113 Do 4s 96
N J C 5s 114
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June Atchison. Topeka and
Santa Fe, 13%; Bell Telephone, 275; Burlington,
105>»; Mexican Central, 3; San Diego, ; Ore
gon Short Line, 30.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. June Close— Money on call,
1V«S?1% per cent; last loan, 14 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 3 1 -.-1i44 per cent; sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 86 l i''o4 864 for demand and at
$4 S4V'M S4V. for sixty days; posted rates, $183
©4 87; commercial bills, $4 s3lj4 83Vi; silver
certificates, 594@504c; bar silver, SSHc, uncer
tain; Mexican dollars, 45% c; State bonds, quiet;
railroad bonds, firm; Government bonds, Ir
regular; new 4s registered and coupon, 123;
4s, 1084: coupon. Ill: 2s, K%; ."s registered,
1114; Js coupon. Ill; Pacific 6s of 1899, 1004.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June The Financier says:
The New York banks, contrary to all expec
tations, seem to have found use for all the
money they have received from Various sources
last week. It had b?en confidently predicted
that the statement for the seven days ending
June 4 would show a large gain in surplus re
serve, but the actual facts, as revealed by the
Clearing-house totals, are that while cash in
creased $1,898,400. the expansion- in, deposits of
$13,413,200 swelled the -.reserve requirements
over $3,350,000. bringing about a decrease in
surplus holdings of $1.404. Naturally, such a
result tends to place the money market on a
firmer basis, although excess cash amounting
to more than 151.000,000 is In bank vaults here,
and there Is little likelihood that rates will
attain a higher level. The heavy Increase of
$11,850,900 in loans is an encouraging feature.
The banks are rapidly regaining the high point
attained In deposits previous to the opening of
March. Since April 30 they have added 131,
£.00,000 to their loans, while deposits are nearly
$31,000,000 larger. The loan total for the current
week, however. Is $40,000,000 lower than that
reported on February 25, and deposits are
smaller by $20,000,000 than on the same date.
The loan decrease represents In large : part
sterling bills sold to expedite gold Imports,
while the material difference In the decrease In
deposits, as compared with loans Is evidence
of gold received and still held. It also shows
,ln a measure the extent of the return to the. In
terior movement and heavy disbursements by
the Government since the beginning of the
war. •
-LONDON MARKET. '
NEW YORK, June 4.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablteram rays: The • stock
markets here were quiet to-day. The tone was
steady, but consols and India issues were a
shade lower. It is said that consols have been
sold by holders in order to release funds for
the purchase of the new Greek loan recently
Issued and which Is being sold In London with
about a quarter per cent premium. There are
rumors that a large Indian loan is Imminent,
but th» -rumors are probably premature. ■ India
was quite a large buyer of Americans. Ameri
cans were steady and quiet and mostly, above
the New York parity. > Spanish bonds . were
strong. • The London. market Is 1%.
CLOSE.
Canadian- Pacific, 87%; Grand Trunk. 9%;
bar silver steady, 27'/id per ounce; money, 3%
per cent. _ y
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June FLOUR— Receipts,
2T..45C barrels; exports', • 22,071 barrels." Quiet,
but firmly, held.
WHEAT— Receipts, -291,375 bushels; .exports,
45,839. bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1,18 f. o.
b. afloat, - export grade. Options opened . firm
and near months were supported: all the fore
noon by 'covering^stimulated by. higher Liver
pool cables,'.. European and Western crop,dam
age reports light interior: receipts; cloned
7,<.- net higher, with late months, under realiz
ing. %£%c net lower. No. 2 red July,- $1 01%
til 02Vi, closed $1 02ii.
HOPS — Firmer; State, common to choice, 1893
crops tf}tc; crop. 6®7c: 131*7 crop, 12@14e;
Pacific Coast. 1895 crop, 3{i4c; 1896 crop, (i'<;7r;
1897 crop, 12ff7"14c.'<. ".--.:,
' WOOL— Steady; .fleece, lC#22c; Texas, 12@
14c. ■ • • • ''.--, ■
PIGIRON — Quiet; Southern, $3 75® 11 23;
Northern, $11@11 75.
COPPER— Steady; brokers'. $11 75. • . V
LEATv-Quiet; brokers'. $3 60. •
• TlN— Plates quiet.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, 5310 points net
lower. Sales, - 2090 bags. Including December,
IS 96. Spot Coffee— Rio., dull; No. 717 1 Invoice,
C-7»e; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c;mlld, dull; Cordova,
S4JS-154C. .
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. ;\%c; cen
trlfugal,.SC test, 4 1-Hr; refined, : firm; mold .A,
'6%c; standard. A. .'.He; confectioners' A, S'/ic"
cut leaf,/ SHe;; crushed, n~*c; powdered, 6%c;
grnnulated,'s%c: cubes, 5%c.- - -
- BUTTER— Receipts, , SMI packages. Market
firm: .Western creamery, 13',4<g;i6c; Elgina, 16c
factory.": 10Vi«S12c.v: . . • .
'EGGS— Receipts. 8789 pack-ices. Firm- West
ern, 10*i@llc;' Southern, 10fflO<4c, :..
DRIED FRTJIT. '
-•' NEW. YORK, -'June - 4.— California Dried
Fruits— '-": 7
; - EVAPORATED > APPLES— Common, S'Jrge;
prime "- wire tray. '• 9@9',4c ; wood dried : prime,
9%c: choice,- 9Hff'loc;. fancy,. We.
PRUNES— 4@S»4e. - .
APRICOTS— »310 c: Moomnrir. iftflii»»
THE SA:tf FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s®9c"; peeled, 12@16c. ;
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 4.— The sunshine and warmth
that was quickening the growth in the fields
withered prices in the wheat pit to-day. July
closed with a loss of l%c and September l%c.
Corn left off Vie and it .was %@%e. lower. .._.*
j Pork, lard and ribs show a decline of 10®
i 12c and s<g" l . respectively. ..'■ : ■ '
i The predominating factor in wheat at the
start was the weather, 1 and ; that"" was : favor
able fur the early maturing of the crop. Liver
pool was 2!4d: higher, for July and %*l. up for
| September. Beerbohm cabled . that the -. weather
| in France was bad. Those latter items of in
j formation received no consideration from local
I speculators. The sunshine and clear sky that
I could be seen from the Board of Trade win
: dows had too potent an . eliect to lVmlt of
| other inlluenceH at . that time. There were
I bug stories from Kansas of a most harrowing
I description and reports from Buda Pest of rust
| In -the wheat crop of Hungary. ' Kven that
• could not overcome the beanahneHS that * had
!so suddenly seized the crowd. In about forty
' minutes after the opening' September, whlcn
closed yesteraay at MHMNv%C had sold' down
to 7i>Vi'fl<S?*c. There was a rather .- nervous,
feeling in July, however. ' Shorts . were dis
posed to cover and there was some demand
tor the lon* uecount. The crowd, : however,
which had bought 100 freely on the bull sen
i timent yesterday, got discouraged at the tame
ness and weakness displayed. As the close
drew near, they attempted t.i liquidate, and the
strength which " had ruled In ' July early : was
all lest. Near the close "the bearish- feeling
gathered In intensity in September and that
month suffered a still further decline. Chi
cago receipts were 35 cars, 7 of them con
tract, and 70,000 bushels were inspected out
of store. Minneapolis and Duluth received. 164
cars, against 340 a year ago. The seaboard
clearances of wheat and Hour for the ■ day
were equal to 326,000 bushels. July opened ' %c
lower at 93V4<§94c, ' sold up •to 94W.C, down to
93^>c, up to 94 % c, fell off to 92c and. firmed up
to 92 1 at the close. September began %@' T/scT /sc
lower at 79%!g.50>4c sold down to 79c. rallied
to 79% c. declined to 7S lie ' and rose to-.75%@
1 fS-Tie, the closing figure. - -.'•
An easier feeling was displayed in corn on
lower cables, large receipts and favorable
weather for the . growing crop. Export ■ de
mand has disappeared. July opened Vie lower
at 33®33%, sold down steadily to 32% c, then
steadied to 32%®32?4c at the close. -
There was some changing from July to Sep
tember oats. July started V4c off at 24'4c and
sold up to 24(&24'*c. the resting figure.-
The firmness in .provisions at the start was
based on the small receipts of hogs and ■an
advance of s(sloc In prices at .the yards. Sell
ing by packers turned prices downward. July
pork started 5c , hither . at' lie, sold: up to
$11 05. then dropped steadily to $10 67's at the
close.
July lard opened unchanged at $6 17M- and
Fold down to $6 <">7U. -•■'". ■ ..-
July ribs began 2'> c higher at $5 8214. ad
vanced to $5 85. then declined to $5 75 at the
close.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
June 1 12 1 14 1 11 1 12
July 9» 9»«4 M ■ P2H
September SP'i- - 80% 75% 78' i
December 75% 7S\ 77\4 77%
Corn. No. 2—2 —
June 32<^ 32*.; - - 31% ■ 32
July :?3% 33% 32% 32%
September ..... SI • 34 33Vs 33W
Oats. No. 2— -
July 24' i 24% 24% 24%
September 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl— ~
July 1100 1105 10 67% 10 67U
September 11174 U 17% 10 S5 10 874
Lord, per 100 lbs— ' • ■
July 6 174 . 6 174 6 074 6 07U
September 6 30 6 30 6 15 6 15
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ■
July 5 82<«. 585 575 675
September 580 590 5 824 6 82*4
Cash quotations were as follows: "
Flour, winter patents. $5 75©6; straits. $5 50©
5 Jo; clears, $5 20*540; spring specials. $6 50:
soft wheat.- patents. $5 50fj6 70: bakers", $4 2.".©
4 50: No. 2 spring Wheat. $1 06; No. 3 spring
Wheat. 93cg Jl 10; No. 2 red. $1 14: No. 2 Corn.
32*,e: No. 2 Oats, 2Gc; No. 2 white. 294 c; No. 3
white. 2S I /J(g2SV^c: No. 2 Rye. 49c: No. 2 Barley,
35<5?40c: No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 21; Prime Timothy
Seed, $2 75?i2 SO; Mess Pork, per bbl. $10 65© I
10 70; Lard, per 100 lbs. $6 10g6 17V&: Short Ribs
Sides (loose), $5 60<a.'. 95: Dry Salted Shoulder*
(boxed). s<SsVic: Short Clear Sides (boxed). 6.23
@6.35 c; Sugar, cut loaf, 6.02 c; granulated, 5.52 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls.... 5.800 . 10,200
Wheat, bu 27.400 142. |
Corn, bu .-. 808,200 696.800
Oats, hu 250.700 308,600
Rye. bu. '. 4.200 .'....
Barley, oik ........ .....15,200 .....
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries, 13<il5V4c: dairies,
life 13c. Eggs steady; fresh, 94c. Cheese steady
at 7'«'&-\c. _ I-}.*-*
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipment?.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis . 74.550 . 31. M0
I>uluth 36.869
; Milwaukee . • o.SSO 610
, Chicago 27.449 142.833
! Toledo 32.299 127.000
St. Louis 7.0C0 19,000
Kansas City ".. 2,542 1.430
Detroit mm 32.500 x 0,500
Totals 2'->5.744 47, 1*)
Tidewater— N
j Boston ; .......
I New York 231.375 45.53)
! Philadelphia 4,619 1,301
Baltimore ".*. — ;..
! New Orleans '..;....
i Galveston • 2.750^y
Totals y .......
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . ■ June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ' ..62 35 52 00
Closing .....
Flour — , - ' -
Opening 2S 60 23 30
Closing '. .....
Liverpool, w::eat futures. • ■'.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ..:,. 9 3 7 IV4 6 9<i
Closing . '..
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. .Tune 4.— CATTLE— Were In fairly"
i good demand: at about unchanged prices.
' Choice steers, $4 90®5 35; medium, $4 50(54 65;
I common. $4@4 20; cows , and heifers, 13:40®
4 SO: canners, *2 50©3 25; . Western fed, %KQ
4 86. '. \
• HOGS— In- good demand, prices . strong at an
advance of s<<?loc. ' Fair to choice, $4 1704 37;
packers, %3 90'<i4 15; butcher?. $4 05@4 35; mixed,
J4©4 25: lights. $3 ibifA 20. 1 I
SHEEP— HeId at steady!, prices. Native
sheep. $3 Co©4 65; clipped lambs. Ufa s; wooled
lambs. $6 "05; spring lambs.'' $3 75(fi6 50. ■
"Receipts— Cattle. 300; Hogs, 13,000; sheep,
2000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June 4.— Receipts,
500. ' Market unchanged. f. . :
HOGS— Receipts, . 6000. Market ■ steady to 6c
higher, fairly . active. Bulk of . sales, $3 80@
4 05; heavies, $3 90«4 15; packers, $3 7004 05;
mixed. 13 65ij4* lights. $3 50<S3 75; pigs, $3 25@
3 50. .■• . • ..-■. - .
No sheep.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June ; 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1300.
i Market active, steady. Native beef steers, $4@
4 SO; Western steers, $3 S5Ji4 50; cows and heif
ers, $3 G064 40; stackers and feeders.. $4<gs 20;
bulls and stags,* s .-80@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 4COO. Market s®loc higher.
; Heavy, 14 0504 15; mixed, $4 06@4 10; light.
$4 05@4 10: bulk of sales. $4 07(Tf4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 100. Market steady. Fair
1 to choice natives. $3 So«r4 40; do Westerns,
I $3 70<?«4 40; lambs, $4 164)6 90.
■ DENVER.
DENVER. June 4. — CATTLE — Receipts,
j 1600. Market - firm; beef steers, $3 8019*1 70;
I cows, $3@4; feeders, freight paid to river, $4@
i 4 60; st6ckers do, $4 10<?i4 70;, bulls, stags, etc.,
»2 oO@S. . ,
■ HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market ■ firm and .- 5c
higher; light packers, $4 10@4 15; mixed, $4 05
(54 10; heavy. H'cCi 10. : ■ .'-.
SHEEP— Receipts. 300. Market strong; good
fat muttons, $3 505f4 50; lambs, $4 BO'gis 60.
DRY GOODS MARKET.
NEW YORK, June The week has shown
'■. a gradual gain \ In the : market for Dry Good?.
.There has been added' strength in print clothr.'
■ and ; this has a beneficial: effect on the staple
; " cotton market. Export goods, on the other
! hand, are attracting, less interest than - for
; merly, and the . week's; sales have been light.
! Other staple cotton goods : show unchanged re
■ suits. Bleached goods ■* are quiet and ; without
I feature.-" The sales of print cloths ; during the
I past week have aggregated enough to counter
i balance the I curtailed 1 production. The I quota
j tion on extras is 'still 2c. but sellers are very
I firm and refuse bids for all futures and many
. spots at this figure. ; :
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June Consols, 11 1^; Sliver, 274:
French Rentes. 1 103f < 12/40.
LIVERI'aOL, - June 4.— Wheat firm; : cargoes
off roast, "nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
Steadier: Wheat In Paris, dull; Flour in Paris,
■ dull. .-■:*- ■■--: ..■■■■:■• "•.-.■.
COTTON— Uplands,. 3 9-I6c. ■ ' •-.'
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. 'June 4.— Wheat nominal: Walla
Walla, 75^770 per bushel. Valley. 78-g;80c; blue
stpm, 80c per, bushel. , . ...
. ':>' WASHINGTON."  -'.'.•; T
TACOMA, June Wheat, club, 80#Slc; blue
stem, S4c. '•' »-. •.*•■'.*■• ' ■ ■-.■■;■■■ -; ■••'
EXPORTS AND" IMPORTS. \ :;y
NEW YORK. June ; 4.— The ■: imports « of dry
good* ', and general merchandise ; at • New ; . York ■
for the week, ending to-day! were $7.555,241. The
gold and silver, movement at. New York for this ,
week were: Exports of gold. $5000; silver; $919,
109; imports of gold. $94,271; of sliver, $10,431. r !
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
-; LONDON: ' June"'4.— There was ! some- Inquiry,
I for Wool t during '. the . week, 1 J but •. transactions j
I i»m email, ; neuortß from manufacturing teem,■t ce m
,■ ■ ' ' " , ■ " .■.■'•-.'-.--'
■ -■-■■.-■■ '■■■■ "■ ' . --v : : x':\- '•■-,' ■
ters show that dullness prevails.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Treasury state
ment: Available cash balances, $194,818,603;
gold reserve, $170,943,944.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 4.— COTTON-Qulet
and steady; middling, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. June 4.— Exchanges, $269,997;
balances, $1C5,321.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange sight — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5........ — 4 87«
Sterling Cables — 4 gs
New York Exchange. ■ sight — ■-' 15 '■
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 171.4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5914
Mexican Dollars ...46 46Vs
WHEAT AND OTHER: GRAINS. .
WHEAT— The Ednyfed takes for Cork ; 37.058
ctls, valued at $64,J00. The feeling was • weak
and lower prices prevailed on call. Spot quo
tations continued nominal, especially for ship
ping grades. ■ •
Spot Wheat-Shipping, ; milling. $1 60®
I 60 per ctl. . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Inf.ormal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December — 1000^ ctls, $142;
4000, $1.41%: 26.000. 8141%: 10,000, $1 41%: 8000,
$1414; 34,000, $141; 4000, $1 40%; 2000. $1 40%;
4000., $1 414. May— MOO, -: $1 45. '. ■-. ■
Regular morning session— December— 22.000
ctls,_sl4o4; 25.000, $1 40%; 2000, $140%; 6000,
BARLEY— Quotations showed little change
and the market was dull. Feed. $1 20@l 22Vi;
Brewing, , nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
. Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $120;
2000, $1 19%; 4000, $1 19%;. 4000, $1 13%.
Regular morning session— 4ooo ctls,
$1 1»%; 4000. $1 19 V 4.
OATS— market - was quiet and un
changed.
Fancy Feed, $1 40 per ctl ; good to choice,
$1 88491 37%; common. $1 30©l 32^4; Surprise,
II 40®l 45: gray, $1 32418*1 35; milling, $1 33®
1 40. per ctl.
CORN— There is no further change to re
port.; ' ■ _ . , :■•'"•
Small . round yellow, nominal; large yellow,
51 07401 10: white. $1 O.'^l 07«, per ctl.
RYE— sl 35@1 37% per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras, $5 50@5 60; bakers'
extras, $5 2r)<gT, 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are (is fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 23; Oatmeal. $4: Oat Groats. $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2!5@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 76; Farina. $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $8 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $» SO
f(6 20; in sacks, $5 6O(?T6; Pearl Barley. $4 75;
pllt Peas $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Most ■of yesterday's arrivals were • of new
Hay. The market was unchanged and steady.
BRAN— SI 4 s<wsris 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 505i22 50 -per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $26527 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing. $32^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24325: Cot
tonseed Meal, J2S(g3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50: ;
Cracked Corn, $25. ■
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $21(i?
24; Wheat and Oat. 880913: Oat, $17«19;
Barley, ; compressed Wheat. $21®24;
compressed Oat. $lfi'?ilS; Alfalfa, $12@12 50;
Clover.- nominal: Timothy. $15^17.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound. $17 50®20:
volunteer wild Oat. : Clover and Oat. ;
Barley. — — ; Island Barley. $12©14; Alfalfa,
$12-?? 13 50.
STRAW— 6SO9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are firm at the Improvement In whites,
but there is not much doing. _-**
BEANS— Bayos. $2 K>r<j3: Small Whites. $2®
2 10; Large -Whites. $1 95«?2 05: Pinks. $2 GO®
1 70; Reds. $2 75^2 90: Blackeye, $3 2f.f a i3 «C.
Butters, $1 75^1 90: Llmas, $2 9O*j3: Pea. $1 85
©2: Red Kidneys. $2 66^2 75 per ctl. ■
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 2.Vff2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 156)3 25: Flax. $2 25: Canary
Seed. 2\4'S2 ; per Ib; Alfalfa. 3'f?6e; Rape, 2%@
2\c; Hemp, 2»i'r!'3c; Timothy. s@s>ic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75^2; Green. $1 90®
2 25 per ctl. :-■
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
I
Los Ansroles Egg Plant. 12%@15c per. Ib: |
Green Peppers, ]2%@15c; Tomatoes, $1 75i@2 50
per box.
Potatoes continue. In heavy stock and weak
at the decline* Onions are also weak.
Cucumbers sold higher.
Vacaville Tomatoes came fn, but they were
small, green and -poor and did not sell.
POTATOES— Reds, 35© 45 c; River Bur
banks. 40<g7i0c per sack: Oregon : Burbanks, 40<f?
6"c: Pctalumn Burbanks. " (ffGoc per sack: new
Potatoes, *;{?l>4c per Ib in sacks and 50c@$l
In b"xes.
ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4@4 50; new,
40(!}00c per n>. '
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 296 boxes As
paragus, 204 boxes Rhubarb, 432 sacks Peas
ar.d 72 sacxs Beans. I
Asparagus, $2 25@2 50 for extra large; $1 50®
2 per box for No. 1. 50c@$l 23 for small; Rhu
barb, 60(gS5c per box for small to good and
90c@$l for extra choice; Green Peas. 7ocii?Jl 25
r*>r sack: Garden Peas, 2c per Ib; String
Beans. iVg9c; Wax Beans, 7@Sc; Horse Beans,
40tfT.".0c per sack: Summer Squash. $I<3>l 2S per
box: Dried Peppers. tis7c per Ib: Dried Okra
12% c: Cabbage. oddfCOc per ctl; Carrots. 3fM?soc
per- sack; Marysvllle Cucumbers, . 75c(55l 25 per
box; Mexican Tomatoes, per box; Garlic,
5c per lb.
EVAPORATED . VEGETABLES-
PotatoeS, sliced, raw. 12c per Ib In lots of 25
Ib: sliced desiccated, 16fn8c: granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c:
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans. 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Several cars of Eastern fall due this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gob
blers and Mile for Hens; Geese, pair, 76c<8>
$1; Goslings, $I@l 50; Ducks. $3@3 50 for old
and $35?4 SO for young; Hens, $4 50$f6: Roos
ters, young. $7@9; Roosters, old, $3 75@4: Fry
ers. $5@6; Broilers. $4fis for large. |Z$S 60
for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Prices for all descriptions were undisturbed.
There Is no scarcity of Butter, and Eggs are
In ample supply for all needs.
\ BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 19c; seconds.
18c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 36%@17%c; common
grades, 15® 16c per lb. .
Eastern Imitation creamery. 160
16% c; ladle-packed. 15@16c per Ib; Elgin. 17
©ISC. - -■ ■ -■:.-•■
CHEESE—Choice mild new, 9c; old. iy,(<s
B%c; Cream Cheddar. 10<g>llc: Young America.
10(?rllc: Eastern, 12W13c. •
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 14%(?1Gc per dozen; store
Eggs, 13%514%c; Eastern, 14%@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c. . >
• DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Thus far the Apricotß-are running small and
poor, , as was predicted early In the i season.
They are not large ; enough for the earners.
The Peaches are all right, ; but they are slow
of sale. New Apples arrive sparingly.
". Receipts. of Cherries were excessive, and It
must not be forgotten that large as . well . as
small boxes are included in the total given be
low. ' / •
Striwberrles advanced and : Raspberries were
also firmer. The auction Strawberries sold at
$2 80(5 3 50 pr chost. — , . -1
■ Currants are plentiful and lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
'Receipts were 116 chests of Strawberries and
8200 boxes of Cherries and 1604. boxes Apricots
Strawberries $2 SOttS per chest for large and
$5©S for small berries In basket, and for
loose. ■■■ ..- ■ .-.,.-- _■-.. - . : :
White Cherries. 20«rf30c per box; black, 25<ffi-50c-
Royal Annes, 40@60c; loose Cherries, '. l@2c for
white and £QSHc per Ib for black. - • .- '
Currants. $2 r.<"7)3 30 per chest. -
Blackberries, 76cg$l per crate and — per
drawer.- > ~ ■ ...
•Plums, SOOTSc per crate .and 40@75c per box-
Cherry Plums, 2C(^4oc • per ■ drawer, and 35(a30c
per box. . , ..•'• • .'. •
- Apricots, COfSTU per box for Royals.
Peaches," l^! CO per. box. "••.■'•'.- ' >
Gooseberries. l®2c per Ib for common and
4fi>sc - for English. " «■;■ '.■~,. >
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 50 per crate; Near
by Raspberries, *M 712 n»r chest. .'
.Apples; r,nc<!)'sl SO per box; new Apples, 40@C0c
per box and WS:t>c ■ per basket.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Navel. Oranges. $1 75@3 25-
Seedlings, ■ 7io<ffsl 25; Lemons. csocro?sl. for com
mon . and :$1 25 fir 2 i for • good -:■ to " choice; ; Mexi
can Limes, $3«?4; ' California ; Limes, "in
small boxes; 40<950c: : Bananas, ;. $1 25@2 per
bunch: Pineapples. 135T4 per dozen. , ;
DRIED FRUITS, n UTS. . RAISINS. ETC.
Then? Is the usual Jobbing business In retail
lots,' carload ; lots being practically exhausted. j
. DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload ; lots, 4%@
Sc for;4o-50 1 s. A ! 4Vi@lV4c for ;50-60'b,V3?4@4c for
60-70's, 3Vi©3%cfor 70-80's. 2%@3c:for SO-SHTs. 214
@2%c . for 80-100's; \ Peaches. < 3@sc ; ; fancy, v 6%©
6c: peeled, 10@12%c; ! Apricots, 6@6%c for Royals
and 7@Sc ; for good to | fancy .': Moorparks; ' Evapo
rated Apples.],7%@Bc; ? sun-dried. ,4Vi!@sc: 'Black
' Kiga In ; sacks. » 2<2:2%c ; < Plums, - 4Vx<&-«%c - for
pitted ■- and li^^iuc • for -i unpltted ; v- bleached
Plums, ',?i y-^r ; Nectarines, 1 4@5c 1 for.- prime •-' to
fancy: Pears. 1 2%@4%c I for quarters and , 3@5%c
for halves; according to color, < etc. ' •-;■--•■ •< t i -
RAISINS— for two-crown. 3c for three
crown. 3%e" for i four-crown, 4%c for • Seedless
Sultanas. ■-. 2%c for ; Seedless • Muscatels and 11®
1 10 1 for i London layers ; ; dried Grapes. 2%c. \-? •>:
•-2NUTS— Chestnuts; are 'quotable; at 8c per lb;
Walnuts. 3®4c for hardshell ; and 4®6c ; for nntt. 1
r :.:■■ / - . .••■/■.■ ' \ -■
8 f I A lmonds - ■ 3 4c for ; hardshell. 6@7c for
softshell, SH@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
O/ * c fo r, Eastern and ** c for California; Pe
cans. ,6\b®Sc;-y Filberts. ,9^@ioc; Brazil Nuts.
u?i'iS?. rr v Ib A Cocoa nuts, $4 50@5 per 100. :.-■■
.j HONEI -Comb, 9-JjiOc for ■ bright : and 6<B>7c
for lower grades;, water-white extracted. 5V40
BmwTv r w ?, tracted ' 4%@sVtc per !.
, lifc.ESv\ AX— 24©26c;per.lt>. -■ •.'-'•- -.* ■.- ---"
PROVISIONS.
Dealers continue to report a good trade :at
unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. 9c per It) for
heavy. • 9u, c for light medium. 10c for light.
lie for extra light and 12ig.12V4c for. sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured : Hams'. 10V4«llc: >, Cali
fornia Hams, 9V4®loc: Mews Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
t* if «o ess Beef ' $U; ' Family Beef. $12; Salt
£,23-, « : extra prime Pork, 510; extra clear,
tt,' m.m .< u0: mess . *15; Smoked Beef. 12@12Vic per
• LARD-Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and B>4c for pure; palls. 9Vic;
California tierces. C%c per . Ib for compound
and iHc , for pure; half barrels, 7\c; 10-tb
tins, 814 c: 5-lb tins. S%c. . : . >
i COTTOLEXE— Tierces, 6%®7%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-Ib palls. 60 In a case. 9Mic:
3-rb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-ib palls, 12 In. a
case. B%c;-10-!t. pails, 6 In a case, S%c; -SO-lb
tins, lor 2in a case. 7% c; wooden buckets.: 20
lbs net. SVfcc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7^»c; half
barrels, about 110 Its. 7?ic per R). :
> ■ - • :.': .' — ;—; — -
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. ..',
The Wool market continues to show a slight
ly Improving tone, though there is no change in
prices. . , -.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under . the quotations. : Heavy salted
steers. 10®KiV*c: medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9g!9V4c: Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9M-c;
Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 16V4c; culls and brands,
ISgUHc; dry Kip and. Veal, 15@16c; dry Calf,
IWu2oc; culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@3"V4c each;
Kids. s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 2a@3oc
per rb; medium, 2Cc; winter, ; 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20®30c each; short .wool. 40©T0c
each: medium. 70@90c; long wool, • 90c@$l 30
£*<*• Horsehldes. salt. $2^2 50 for large, and
II 60©I for small; Colts, 25@50c: Horsehldes.
dry, $1 50@2 for large and $I@l 50 for- small;
Colts, 25(f(50c. I
TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered, 3<@3%c per lt>;
No. 2. 2@2Uc; refined. iHOHIc; Grease. 2c.
\\OOL— Fall clip. San Joaquin, defective, 7®
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern.
17iJJlSC.
HOPS— 1897 crop, 9@l2\4c per IT).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are very firm and a choice lot might
bring a fraction over the quotations.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: . ■"■- -':
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice. 6%c; second
quality. 5%c; third quality. 4@6c per It). "
VEAL— Large, 4(<Ts.c; small, o@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®sc; Ewes. 7@7V>c per
It). ,
. LAMB— Sprin«r. SfSUc per It)
PORK— Hogs, 4^®4%c for large. 4%@4%c
for medium" and 3\i(g*i- for small; stock Hogs
2Q3c; dressed Hogs, 5%i86%c. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
' HAGS— Calcutta Grain Baps, June-July. st;@>
I B%c; Wool Bags, nominal; Sen Quentin, $4 83.
i COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
j lington/ $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $3; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14- Can
nel, $10' per ton; Rock Springs and Castle' Gate
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
I sacks. '
CORDAGE— Has again advanced at 10»4c for
I Manila and 10VtC for Sisal, basis.
; • SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
; pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine. Crushed. .7c; Powdered, '6%c; Dry
I Granulated, 5%c: Confectioners' A, 6Tic; Mag
; nolia A, 6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 5Hc;
i Candy Granulated. 6c; California A. % per
1 Ib; half-barrels &c more than barrels... and
j boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, June 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 8.650 Bran, Eks 141
Wheat, ctls ..... 15 Eggs, doz 15,300
Barley, ctls ..... 3.9»r Leather, rolls ... 34
Butter, ctls ..,;. 340 Hides, no ........ 1,151
i Cheese, ctls ;.... 47 Pelts, bdls 85
: Tallow, ctls ..... 143 Lime, bbls " 81
! Onions, eks ..... 945 Wine, gals :..... 45.950
i Beans, sks 1.517 Chicory, bbls .... 15
. Potatoes, sks ... 2.210 Quicksilver, fisk. 87
; Onions, sks ..'... 1.24S Hay, tons 146
OREGON.
• Barley, ctls ..... 510 [Oats, ctls '430
Hay, tons 30|Bran, sks 943
■■-■■■""; EASTERN. .
i Corn, ctls 3.2001
UTAH.
Hay. tons ........ 10 1 ,
ARIZONA.
Hay, tons .... 20|......
— — « ♦ « ; V--
THE STOCK MARKET.
- - - ■ ...
[ Mining stocks were . dull, as usual, at un
changed-prices. .. v
The feature" of 'focal securities was the ad
vance in Hawaiian Commercial to $23 12%, un
der-active sales. ■ The other securities re
mained unchanged.. T ..■•'■ .
The Kentucky assessment fall delinquent In
board to-morrow.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has
j declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $?'"<), payable June 10.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. June 4—10:30 a. m.
Bld.Ask. Bi.J.Axk.
U S Bonds Oakland Gas.. 4SV4 48%
lls quar coup:. 11l 112 Pac Gas Imp.. &6 86%
i4s quar reu...105%10y% Pac L C 0..... 32 —
Is quar new. . .123 ► 124 S F G & E... 86 86%
! Miscellaneous— San Fran :... 314 —
j Cal-Bt Cab 55.114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
! Cal El 6s .....i25 — Insurance—
C C Wat 65.. .101 — Firem's Fund. lßs —
; Dup-st ex c... — !>S% Hank Stocks—
; E L & P 65. .127% — Anglo-Cal .... 55 63
! F & Cl Ry 65. 113 — I Bank of Pal.. 245
! Geary-st H os. — 83 Cal S D & T.. 97 —
■HC & « 5%5..100 105 First ->at ....202%210
I L A L Co 6s. — 100 I,on P & A... 127% — •
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mcr Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — ILK Nev Nat *»....152%160
Do Ist M 55..U3%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — :i7% Ger'S & L..1400 1600
NC NG Rv75.103 - Hum S & L.1050 1160'
XKy Cal 65.. — 108 i Mutual Say. — 42%
N Hy Cal 5b.. 100% — 8 » Say U.. - 800
NPC R R 65. 101 — S& L 50.... —100
NPC R R ss. 100% — . Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas r5...:00 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d Is ss..inv<illO Street Railroad—
j Om Ry 65.. ...124&126 California 108% —
iP & O6s .110 — Geary 40 —
;P&CI Ry 65. 108% — Market-st .... 53 53%
; Pov.ell-st 63. ..118 120 Presidio. 7 8%
Reno 'VL&L..IOO —,< Powder—
Sac ElecßySs. 100 — California ....125 160
SF& N P 58.107 108 E Dynamite .. 05 ; -
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 45Ti 46Vi
B P of Ar 68..104%105*i Vlgorit .:...... 3% 3%
8 I* Cal 68..'. .— 113 I Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 58.. 84 — Al Pac Assn.. — .94H
! 8 P Br 6s 113 113% Or Ld Wks..llo —
i S V Wat 65...H6%117Vl Hana P C 0.... 12 —
S V Wat 45... — 102 111 C & S Co.. 22% 22%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 49 49%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. »« . — „•
Contra Costa.. 55% 60 Nat Yin C 0... — 6
Marln C 0...... SO — Ocennlc S Co. 60- 60%
Spring Valley. 99% 99% Pnc A F L.. 1% —
■ Gas .* Electric— . I Pac Bot C 0.... — 102
Cent aasll>rht.lO3 — I Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 11% 1
Morning Session.
20 California Safe Deposit :'. 97 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 49 00
SO Market-street Railway 53 00
$4000 Park & Cliff House 6s 80nd5........ 108 50
10 Presidio Railway :.... 8 60
110 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... .. 86 00
; 20 Hawaiian- Commercial & Sugar...... 22 37%
50 . do • do ■ ;. 22 50
510 do ' do : 22 75
16(i do 'do ....:.. 22 87%
100 do- do 23 00
60 do : do .23 12%
325 do ; • do . 22 62%
55 Spring ' Valley Water 99 75
29 do do 89 50
$4000 S P of A 80nd5...........;........ 10300
$1000 S P Branch Ky Bonds 113 00
50 Vlgorit Powder .... 3 37%
■'• Street— ': ■■" '•■■.-'-..
101 Market-street Railway .'. 53 00
$10,000 S F & N P Ry 80nd5.. .'...........107 25
INVESTMENT . BOARD.
Morning Session. .
$4000 Spring Valley Water. 45...... 102 00
5 Spring Valley Water ........100 00 •
25 Market-street Railway C 0... 52 50
' Street— - '.."■■- .■--75
75 Hawaiian Commercial. & Sugar...'.. 22 37%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in . the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: '
C?-.~. • '.■■';, Morning Session. "
100 Con Cal & Va.. 47|5;,0 Sierra Nevada.. 60
100 ...... ...:.:..■.... 46|100 Union Con ...... ' OS
100 Confidence ...... . 40 ( :
Following were the sales' In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: _.
Morning Session.
500 Alta ........,...: OS 1000 Overman- ...... 07
i GOO Andes :"..:.. "..;:.. OS 500 Savage o:i
I 100 8u11i0n............ o.'. 300 ;. :.........;. 08
! 1000 Caledonia....-.'/ 23 100 Sierra Nevada;. r.S
400Chollar .....;... 14 300 .................. c?
I 300 Con Cal & Va.. 46 700 ............ ...... M
650 .*.;:.. .;.■.-.......:■ 47 4007..... .:  6
200 Ju5tice,.........'. .;: 07 son ;.;.....„.. ,;",
400Ophlr .33 200 ■.....;...:...-.... y;,
•100 ......;..... .14 500 Union Con ....... OS
' -', CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. June 4-11 m.
Bid. Ask. ' Hi, | a h
Alpha- ...02.. -03 Justice •;.-■, ij* m
i Alta \...-..\V.V*.:'.; OS ;OP Kentuck ....... _ ,
I Andes :..;....:. OS' "O9 Lady Wash, ... ~ 02
j 8e1cher. .:....;.. 09 10 Mexican '...'....- )| : ; 19
I Best & Belcher 23 2. . Occidental ;..... a; '
Bullion ......... 04 05 Ophir ........... 33 y.
Caledonia ■."..-.";—■ 24 Overman ...... m »«
Chollar ......... 14 IK Potosl 17 .
Challenge Con. 23 24 Savage ....,-;.,-, nil - no
Con Cal & • Va. 147 4R Seg TMrh.fr ."' 04 M
Confidence >..;.: 40 45 Scorpion ../, , -I'm
Con nnperlal:..i — 01 Slerrn Ni'vnrin' i.< .'
: Crown Point 11 12iSllver Hill .♦,. " mi
Con New York. — ol!SvnUli:nt# ■■,.„■ ».■ m
I
i Eureka Con ... — 20Stajidard 1551 60
Exchequer — 03lUnion Con OS 09
Gould & Curry. 17 lSlUtah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. S7 — | Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia — 021
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
j Name of Stock. M. |T. |~W. IT.IF. IS.
Alpha 03i 021 03 02J 02
Alta 10! 10| 11 OS 03
'Andes Ogl 09j o'i OS | OS
Belcher 11! 10| 12 10! 09
; Best &■ Belcher |.... 2G; 2S; 2<\ 261 23
(Bullion |. ...I 05! (*! 0:. 04| 04
Caledonia 25| 241 24! 24....
Challenge 25! 241 Zs| 21 13
■ Chollar 17| 151 16! lfi, 14
, Con. Cal. & Va 47! 46! 50i 471 47
! Confidence 45| 47 ! 43 1 40| 40
i Crown Point j 131 15 16j ]3| 11
Gould & Curry I 20! 20! 22! 1» M
[ Hale & Norcross |105|....l 90 Ss| 87
Justice 09! 09: 08 07 j 07
Mexican • | 201 19| 2i| 19| is
Ophir i 37! 37! 37; 34 SS n >
Overman :.. 08| OS) OS! 07| 07
Occidental 65 i X] 67i 681 63
Pctosi 21! 19| 21! U U
Savage 11 10 m| OS| 08
Seg Brteher 05 04|....| «3 04
Standard 1 5." II 551 .''ll 55 155
Sierra Nevada 54 1 59( C7i 56' 65
Union Con 10 i 101 "11! OS 0^
Utah 04! 05! G6J M 06
Yellow Jacket ! | 2D; 23j 201 23; 21
—«
j VERDI'S PERMANENT ABODE.
That Verdi, the veteran composer, has
definitely decided to forego a residence
in Paris and to pass the remainder of
his days in Milan, has just been con
firmed in an interview with him pub
lished in II Secolo of Milan. A few
weeks ago It was stated on what seem
ed to be good authority that he intend
ed to make his future home in Paris.
But his niece and his Milanese friends
dissuaded him from the idea, reminding
him of his great age, his poor health
and the sorrow that the inhabitants of
Sanf Agata, where he has lived until
now, would feel at his departure, with
no hope of ever seeing the maestro
again. He had wished, when his wife
died, to have her body repose in the
park of his estate at Sanf Agata; but
on this point he has changed his mind,
and he has caused her to be entombed
in the chapel of the Home for Veteran
Musicians which he founded a few
years ago in a suburb of Milan. This
was the principal reason why Verdi
finally decided to spend his declining
days in Milan.
. » •
Three cannon, formerly part of the
armament of the British ship Actaeon.
wrecked in Charleston harbor on June
2S, 1776, have been mounted in a park
in St. Louisa
Tn*>]CA-L,Z. CALENDAB.
June. 1898.
S.T.
Moon'n Phases.
8
'IS
"in"
2
1>
18
23
4
11
IS
©^ull Moot.
June 4
ffj Last yuH.-ier,
June 10.
y£v KewMooa.'
W;: . June 13.
U
n
2i
.*•
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Untted States Hrdroßraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Kxchange. is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to rationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete rets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the. world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
! Information can always be obtained regarding
I lights, dangers to navigation and oil matters
| of Interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the "julldlng on Tefe
: graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th nerldian.
; by telegraphic signal received each day from
i the I'nlted States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the fo. lowing day.
C. P. WFLr-H. Ensign, U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast ' and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance -to San
Francisco nay. --Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
" NOTE.— Th? ' htE-h and low waters occur at
the city, front' (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than nt Port Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUXE-1».».
Sunday, June 5.
rw» 4:47
pets T-.29
n r1Ke5........ :..B:.'>9 p. m.
! T L T I Feet IS™*! Feet I T ilH Feet l T1 ! Few
ILW« HW 'I IV; HW
.'.I 5:S«l — 1.4 f 1:21 1
61 n:4.')i —1.3! 2:11
Ih.wl II W
T| •>:!)< 691 7:: C
8 1:17 ».« 8:25
9 2:?4 5.1 ■:M
10 t-M • 4.6 10:118
I 4.41 ft:.'*
I 4.51 6:-2
111I II W
I —1.1 3:> I
> 1 -«.: 8:4;
i — 0 1 4::-.3
a.-^ 1 ll:%il H.i
8.31 I
>L Wl
4.71 7:?T 8.3
4 I*l 8:4 81
5 0 »:51 2.8
S3 1 11 •IS 9 i
i n ;. ■ i-
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are piven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as .o time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column «»lves the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
when a minus sign — precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey . charts, except
when a mlnu sign (— ) precede the helgrhth.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. i"he plane of
reference Is the mean of th" lower low waters
KTIiAMKKS TO AKUIVU.
Frr.AMKn. i
Empire ........ |
0rizaba... ...... I
Semtor. I
Scotia .... i
«tato of Cii .. I
City Pnebia.. .
Pomon.-i :......
Valencia....:..'
Humooldt.
Crescent Cltv..
BelfflC...
City of Para
Homer
. Areata:. ....:.:.
Chllkat. .. ....
Washtenaw.....
Oregon
North Font....
San Mateo '...'..
Sant.i Row .'. .
Fu1t0n........:: I
Titan 1a. ......:."
Walla Walla::.:
C0ium0ia. ......
Coos 8ay, .....:
Curacao.:;.."".; '
Coos Bay.. -Tnn -5
Humoohu: .". .Ino .i
Puect Sound ".". -Tno 5
Humboldt: Jne li
Portl.ina T .. 1 .. ..- Jne i;
Victoria & Hujret Sound . . Jiu> ii
S;tn D1ep0....; .Tno «
Alaska Jne 6
D.yea.: ...■.....:....:...... Jne ;
Crescent Cut..:.. ..' Jne :
China ana Japan........ Jne :
Panama jne 8
Newport Jne 8
Coos liar ; Jne- 8
Bel River.... Jne *
Taeoma. : '.. Jne 8
Portland.:...'. Jne '.»
Humooidt... Jne '■'
C0m0x... ........ ..:.. Jne 9
Sun Dl«*ro.. !.ln>> 10
Portland | Jno 10
N:hihhiio mo 10
Victoria & Pueet Sound .. Jne 11
Porn.im... -..'..... jne li
NeTTOr: ......■......„„■.. Jne 1J
Mexico •.;........ . Jne U
i'UOM
gTKAHIEHS TO BAIL;
ETFAMKn. I
Columbia..
Umatllla...
Or co Dollar
'Morgan Cy. !
Coos Bar..
Onr-.ibai.. ..
Suite of C.il
San Bias...
i'omoiw.... !
Scotia..".'.:
Homer..;.. i .
Are.itn.'. .. ( I
Humboldt..
Prof Mor?o
City Puebla
'.'habit . ..
St. Paul.".'. .
Ure*ou ....
Santa Uo»a
Pu1t0n....: ■
Norm KorK
NATION":
S.tir.s.
Portland. .... Juno .i.lv»
Vie & Pg-t Siiq Juno 5. 10 am
Alaska ... June B. 2 pji
St. Michael... June ti. 4 p.m
Newport June •:. '..am
Hum ooi .... I Juno 7. 10 aim
Portland......; > Juno 8. In am
Panama .June 8. Is * HI
San Dlesro:... June S. 11 ay!
Humboldt..;. Juno \i. 11 am
, Newport..... June 10. . > am
Coon Rtv . . Jun.'ll'. jo a m
] Alaska. ...... .Time 10. ..
; Alaska .... June 10. ....".<
Vu- .v I'-'t Smi June in. it* a.m
Humboldt.... .luii^hi. 2 I'M
Alaska.. ~...... June 11, ...."
t'ortlaniv.... Jun.-U. 10 am
sun Die*-) ... Juno 12. 11 am
Oreeon Ports June 12, ...
UuinDolil; ... Jun»l:< ;• s \,
t»ler ii
dor .•
Pier i
Vler —
Put a
Pier .
P'.er 1!
PM ( SS
I f>.« ii
Pier 2
1'..-r 11
i ier i i
p'k>: : '7.
I'lcr 13
Pl'erj'i
Pier It
IpierVi
THK TIMK -lAI.L.
Brand) Hydrosrraphlc Office, V 9 v M»r
chants' Ex ? llnnßC - San ' Kran.-lsro."' June.
120,un l er ldl an,orex a cu y s ( i,^.^^
■ ' Ensign. U. S. x.. In eharc*.
l _»MW«rta IXTKl,l,ir,K,\(;|,v
AKItIY .|i ~
T Mmr ( Ma.-hliK.w. ''Ittlcnrl,!. '•', hours from
1 ;;;""" 1 ' Mclnt^ '*' h»u™ from l)e-
p «tmr JfW«|, Mni!|l<> « 1,,,,,,, r r .,. Pnn
Il«rbor! lr>y S """ r ' < ' HoUflnii. 7 d«v. tmm Uraj-fl
Crn?H linrW.' 1 W1N,,,,. .'.»n'»inron; 3 dnjs from
.i-ii'm'" hu!'!""- CliilMlnni.pn, « 'Inv,, from Co-
M.iir uiv. Bottm, J ten from Um»Hina.
'I'" HI- lUvpr"" ' ' Vntß " 11 ' -PH (ln sfl5 fl "■"'" co "
Hrlu ,M.».|« l«» ■ Moult, TlrrHl. V ' .In-, . from
]■■ «icin
111-.',' ' "" ' lnnßft ' ••""•on. '.'? 'Inyn from Ci"mullj»» '
criWAnnm.
■ Pdhirrtriv, June 4.
1, ""■ ''''''I'nl'ln. Onjidnll. .\»toria; Oregon
■ Stmr t'matllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co. Ml __.
Austrian stmr Burma. Mikullclch. Nanalmo.
i John "Rosenf eld's Sons. ;• .... , T _
Bark Lev! 0 Burgess, Younggren, Hue, J D
Bark Hu . OS B C onson, St Michael: Alaskan
Bonanza" Mining and Trading and Transports
''sc^wTfeen. FJorm. St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co. - ■
. SAILED.
■•Saturday, June 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr George Loomls. Bridget. Ventura.
■ Stmr Chikat. Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Comox. • ;
■ Stmr 'Jewel, Madsen."
'Stmr Westport. Ericsson. -
Br bark .Ednyfed. Jones, Que»n'<t
■ ■ RETURNED.; . J.',';".
■■'>-'^ Saturday, June 4.
Schr Mayflower. Olson, hence May 29. for Co
qullle River, on account of carry ing away main
topmast and mair.topmast backstay off ; Hum
bold t June 2. ;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, : June 4— lo p. m.— Weather/
hazy; wind, \V; velocity.- 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
" The Carondelet and Prussia load lumber on
the Sound for Melbourne or Adelaide, EOs;
John Ena, lumber on the Sound for Port
Pirie, 47s 6d.
SPOKFN. w J- ;~
May 29— La t49 S. long 27 W, Br ship Ditten.
from Taeoma, for Queenstown.
Feb 2— Lat 41 S. long 131 W, Br stmr Puri- .
tan, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed ' June 3— Ship <■ Elwell. rm
Departure Bay, for St Michael; stm W H Har
rison,- from Puget Sound, for — — ; schr Teaser.
from Puget Sound, for ; ship M P Grace,
from Vancouver, for Sydney. -* '
PORT TOWJCSEXD— Arrived June 4— Br brk
Darra, from Shanghai.
• WALDPORT- Sailed May 30— Schr Amethyst,
for San Francisco. ■ •
EUREKA— Arrived June 4— Stmr Scotia; frm
! Rockport. ■,
: Sailed June 4— Stmr Orizaba, for San Fran
j cisco. . > . - .
Bark Lev! G Burgess. Youngren, Hilo.
I FORT BRAGG— June Stmr Sunol.
hence Pune 3.
BO WEN'S LANDING— PaIIed June Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco. -
EUREKA— Arrived June 4— Stmr North Fork
hence Juno 3.
SEATTLE— Arived June 4— Stmr Farallcn.
I from Dyea.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 4— Scar Alice, for
Eureka.
ASTORIA— SaiIed .Tun*-' 4-Stmr State of Can-
I for nia, for San Francisco.
■« Arrived June 4 — Stmr Oregon, hence June 2
TACOMA— Sailed June 4— Stmr Dorothy, for
St Michael; stmr Valencia, for San Francisco.
June 4 — Stmr Queen, for Dyea.
ALBlON— Arrived June 4— Stmr Cleone, hence
June 3.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE — Cleared June 3— Ship Jabez
Howes, for San Francisco.
for: ION ports.
COMOX— Sailed June 4— Ship J B Brown, for
Dutch Harbor.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 4— Br stmr Brae
mar, from Oregon; stmr City of Rio de Janeiro
hence April 20. • ■
COLON— Arrived June 3 — Stmr Allianca. frm
New York.'
CORONEL— SaiIed May 11— Br stmr Puritan,
'■■ for Europe.
TATOOSH— Passed June 4— Stmr Wellington,
hence June 1. for Comox.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 3— Br stm Venus,
honce May 7.
Per stm Curacao (Capt Yon Helms) at Guay
■ mas May 31.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived May 25— ship
i Marlon Llghtbody, from Cardiff " with ! coke.
Will await orders.
Arrived May 29— Schr Sequoia, from Victoria
! with lumber." - Will load at San Marcos Island.
GUAYMAS— Arrived May 31— Schr Reporter,
from Grays Harbor; stmr Curacao, hence May
| 17. via San Pedro. To sail May 31.
PANAMA-Arrived May Stmr Newport,
hence Anrll 28.
' SYDNEY— Arrived prior to June 3— Br ship
General Gr^-don. henre April S.
Arrived prior to June Chil ship Star of
Itnlv. from Tacoma,
1
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ij^ Steamers leave Broadway
, BBhsj^^ wharf. Snn Francisco.
H^i^fcv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
l'S* J Vto^!s^ June 5, 10, 1?. 2 "' 25 30 July ">.
' IKLHmmKS transfer at Seattle. ■:-...'
HE&wrejfay For Alaskan iiorts (from
IjgaQMjdQn; Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r***S*if^ml June "'• 26. July 17, August 4,
25. transfer at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, . Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortc-s and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m., June 5, 10. 15, 20, 23. 30. July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. X.
Ky.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13, 19, 25. 31. July 6. and every sixth
day thereafter.- ....
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucr.r., Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Harbara. Ventura. ' Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., June 2. 6, 10, 14. 18. 22. 26, 30.
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at -Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. June 4. S. 12. 16, 20, 24. 28, July 2, anil
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Cabo, Mar.atlan, Altftta, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m. t June 17.
July 2.
For further Information; obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing datea
an- 1,...,r of !:.-lUini*. ,
TICKKT OFFICB-I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE Sl2 First Class Including Berth
it'll- fiB Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: '
Columbia ;.; June 5. 14. 2"!
State of California June 8. 17 26
Oregon . uno 11, 20,' 23
St. Paul JIGOOiSt. Louis .$32 (»
Kansas City 26 00 Chlcajfp ...;... 27 r.O
Omaha ".. ROD New York ... '. 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
GOODALL.- PERKINS & of. **** St "
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW TORK. QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British (lavs!
Kensington ....June S Noordland June 15
Berl 'n .....June 111 Frlesland . June "I
PHILADELPHIA. QUEKNSTOVVN LIVKH-
POOL.
■ Steamers sail under Belgian P.ag.
Waesland June 4|Rhynland June 11
.EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE COLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atl.intio
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
. »S. S. Ohio. 3500 tens, from Seattle. June 15.
S. S. Indiana. 3.n0 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, trom Seattle.
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fWt of
IS new and modern steamers and barK<"» on th«
Yukon River, through to Dawson City anil
Intermediate points.
For r-i««.Tre nml frelcht nnnly to
nVTrRNATTOVAf. NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its <gßlli 111.
fE4mSS!&l3£<i SaII!:-i; of June Ist
fS|7lX|D|lfl_r.<r Honolulu canceled.
L" B^ Th» 8. S. MOAN A
pi 'alls via Honolulu RmS
Auckland for Sydney
QjlUlllljllfF 1 " \\>«inf»duy. Juris U.
(oflip3uti* at 2p - m -
Line to CWH.UAKDIE, Austrnlla. end CAPH
TOWN.- South Africa.
J. 1) BPIIKCKKLS * MHOS. CO., Ac-ntn. .
114 Montgomery i>trei>t.
Freight orflc»~ 3l7 Market ■< . San Frum-ttco. 1
Compagnie Gerald Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
Compnny's Pier tnew). 42 North .?•-£■,»
River, foot -of Morton »t. Travelers <jr tft rs
by this line avoid Iwth transit by -••****«>•
I:°ngll8h mllwny and the dl» umim i of rmasing
»hn ihnnnei in n »mnll Iwut. New York tO
AlexHmlrla Egypt, via Paris, flrst-clats, i\w.
', fir, i nd-i lan, lii
I>A T«)UHAINE June 11. 10 a. m.
I.A UASCOUNE.'...' June IS. 10 a. m.
I, \ imrcTAUNK J'.ine 25. 10 a. m.
I.A IIOUnaOONE ..July 2. 10 a. m.
LATt.HJR.VINE July 9. 10 a, m.
For further particular* apply to
COMPAONIR OENKHALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUR A cent. '
No. 3 • TViwlinr Oreen, N»w York. •
J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
eve.. San Francisco. ■ ' :
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticetlo." ; "
Hon.', .Tues.V-Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ...'...'.V.V...V.'....'.l p. m. and S:3O p. m.
Sundays . . .Y.Y.Y.7.Y.';7.Y. 10:30 a. m. and * p. tn.
- Landing and. Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 1.
Telephone Red 224JL .BOY'S AND GIRL'S PAGE,
FREEING THE BEAR
SHO'.' 1 said the Lob Lolly, "it will
come out all right."
"I dunno," answered Sinbad.
doubtingly, "I awfully skeered of
bears."
"Think of the gramr'^PS and sharks
and dolphins and whales an' ail the
rest of the . in f he sea and they are
free. Oh! that's poetry, all by luck."
"I've lived 2000 years in Bagdad and
I have never he. rd of anything like
that." 1
"O'i,- come on."
So we all went to the Golden Gate
Park, Katy and Char'ie, Sinbad and
the Lob Lolly, and I brought up the
rear, and in forty minutes we were at
the cage in which the grizz ..- bear is
a prisoner.
"After we cet him out he'll be all
right," explaired the Lob Lolly. "He
will go out of the park with us so quiet
like that no one will notice him. Then
we will let him loose and he will find
his way back to his old home in the
hills and be through with his ills—
that's another poem."
•Where did you learn poetry?" asked
Katy admiringly.
Charlie grinned.
"I've, been reading the war poems,
fifty a day, and all pretty bad, ever
since Dewey took Manila."
It was just as the Lob Lolly had
said.- We took the grizzly out of his
cage; the Lob Lolly cutting off the iron
bars wr a chisel, ad the bear looked
happy— the first time in years. He
walked alons: with us through the Park
on Ms hind legs, lo.'-'np- f OI - a u the
world like the Great-Big-Bear in the
Goldilocks story. As ■••• took a side
path, the policemen did not see us.
Katy "and Charlie both said that they
thought this was stealing a bear, but
the- Lob Lolly argu-d with them that
tie can really own a bear more than
hs-cat) a porpoise in th<- p»-a: they were
' both curious to see what would happen
I bo did not really oppose what the
■ Lolly was doing.
it when we reached the starting
. ' ■ pi&c£ ol the Haight-street cable cars
there" \vas a sensation. No policeman
.h-appened to be there, but there were
m.any Car men and a raft of women and
dfen standing about.
"{'We'd better get on a car." Sinbad
: •.pn&posed. That was all right, but the
gJMfczly would not go. He anchored him
.s*=-!f near a popcorn stand and would
..not budge one inch, evidently meaning
. tn stay there until he could eat up all
the popcorn, peanuts, candies, bananas
and oranges in sight. One of his first
acts was to step upon the peanut
roaster with one big foot, thereby
• breaking it open. He ate all the pea
nuts and opened his mouth for more.
The Lob Lolly was a master of
strategy. He lugged the whole stand
of goodies, with the help of Sinbad, to
one of the cars and threw it inside.
Then the bear ambled in and began to
gorge himself.
"Where is the car conductor?" de
WILD AND DARING CHARGE OF THE BUMPKIN CAVALRY, WHO ARE NOW PRACTICING FOR THE FIELD OF BATTLE.
manded the Lob Lolly. "It is time to
go."
The car conductor and every one else
in the neighborhood had run away.
Most of these persons were willing to
watch proceedings from the windows
of upper stories in the near-by build
ings. - •■ ; 7 1 ; ' •
"Let's you'n me run the car, Sinbad."
"AH right let's, but let me say that I
have lived 2000 years in Bagdad and I
have never seen anything like this."
Katy and Charlie and 1 were on the
front seats of the dummy. Sinbad told
us all to get- off and push and so we
did. My, but it was hard work getting
the car up the hill from the turntable,
but when we were on top of the grade
it was all that we could do to get on
the car. before it could run away from
us.
By this time the grizzly had finished
eating and was satisfied to go into the
place usually occupied by the cable .
gripman. What an intelligent bear.
He seized the bell cord over head and
rang like a good fellow.
"Clang, clang, clang! Get out of the
way," said the bell, as plainly as ever
bell has said anything since there were
bears or bells.
An old lady at the corner waved an
umbrella at us and shrieked out that
she would report us to the superintend
ent because we failed to stop.
A fat man tried to get upon the plat
form as we flew past, slipped, turned
a complete somersault in the air, and
landed squarely on top of his bald head
and he kicked so that he seemed to
have as many legs as an ofctopus has
arms.
A dog tried to cross the tracks in
front of us and his tail was amputated
as cleverly as it could have been done
by an expert.
Going down the grade toward Market
street we got up such speed that the
telegraph poles looked to be as near
together as toothpicks in a bunch. We
whizzed around the Market street
curve.
Just then Sinbad and the Lob Lolly
both came to the front of the car and
looked a little anxious. They were sail
ors, indeed, and even the Jarring of the
car and its wild swaying to and fro
were not enough to make them walk
unsteadily. Not so with the griz
zly.
All the whoops of all the Indians
since Columbus discovered America, If
rolled into one, would have been less
striking than the growls and whines of
the bear. He was scared and crawled
over upon the dummy seat, edged his
way along between Katy and Charlie
and sat there, snugly, with his two
arms around the two children, smiling
in the funniest bear way possible.
"We've got to throw out a drag or
go to Davy Jones' locker this time,
sure," said the Lob-Lolly, with a little
chuckle.
"Drag it Is," said Sinbad.
There was a crash at the hack end of
the car. The two sailors had broken
off the back dasher and were fasten
ing it to the bell cord, which they had
pulled down.
The bear was every minute squeez
ing the children harder and harder and
something cracked.
"What is that, Katy?" I asked. "One
of your ribs?"
"Worse than that. My long stick
of striped red and white candy is
broken."
"Heave," commanded the Lob Lolly.
"Heave it is," responded Sinbad, and
they together threw overboard the
dasher.
We stopped just before we reached
the ferry. All the ferry-boats were
out, all except a little one, with a
walking beam. that runs over to
Berkeley. We all hurried onto that
and pushed off. The bear took hold
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
of one side of the walking beam and
the Lob Lolly and Sinbad were on the
other side. Katy and Charlie and I
steered all together.
It was fun to see the walking beam
carry the bear in the air; and then
carry the Lob Lolly and Sinbad. The
bear worked as if he thought the whole
performance some sort of a game. We
laughed and laughed and cheered, and
the bear growled as the boat steadily
forged ahead.
When we reached the Berkeley shore
we all sat on the wharf until we were
rested and there we feasted on the
pieces of Katy's stick of striped candy,
the bear enjoying it more than any of
us. If you are asked where the bear
has gone do not tell, for this is all a
secret. He is off in the mountains
somewhere. D. H. W.
ROUN' IN THE WAY.
BY ELLA M. SEXTON.
Yes. it's hard to be a little boy,
(That's what I've always found).
Big follers have dead loads o' fun
An' make us stan' around
Or chase the ball— but when it comes
Our "licks" they up an' say.
"Clear out. you little Kids, we don't
Want you ruun' in the way."
.f^TR^TeGY.
An" the big boys think it's jest our fault
We did't come to town
When they did— an' they call us names
An' tease us up an' down!
They're always got such secrets,
An' keep goin' off to play
Where we can't go along— they don't
Want us roun' in the way!
An' brothers ie the worst of all!
They're always 'fraid you'll touch
Any ol' thing o' theirs— as if
They'd got so dreftul much!
So they lock their drawers an' hide the
rest
An' then they growl an' say,
"Mommf-r, here's that kid, I don't
Want him roun' in the way."
So I jest wish I was Xumber One
(Instead 'o Number Three),
I'd give the little boys a chance
To live then, don't you see?
Mommer says, "Don't mind, you'll be
A big boy too, some day,"
But they make me tired jest saying they
don't
Want me roun' in the way!
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER.
■ ■ v ■ ■ -■" ■ ' •. -:.'::. :' '
PATRIOTIC little Douglas W.
Dodge is 9 years old only. He is
a live, wi eawake San Francisco
boy, who lives at 26 Pleasant
street. Into his young head came
an idea that he woui i go forth to
serve hjs country and to honor the
beautiful flag which is a visible sign
of freedom. That he is not on his way
to Manila with the First Regiment of
California Volunteers is due only to an
accident of wliic*. he is not respon
sible.
Little Douglas has a brother who is
an artist well known to thousands of
readers of The Ca' Douglass may
have artistic instincts. Certainly the
great outpouring of . hildren when the
first troops, the arti ry men from the
Presidio, passec uo Van Nessaveniie
and Golden G *f» venue on their way
to the cars, touch 1 a responsive chord
in his breast, ~^ank upon rank, thou
sands and tl ousands of our Can Fran
cisco boys and gir - lined Van Ness and
Gold n Gate avenue as the grim can
non rumbled by, ma ned by Americans
whose gallantry can.ot be called into
question.
Little Douglass carried an American
flag that proud day His shrill little
voice was raised in chorus with thou
sands of other shrill little voices and
his flag kissed the breeze with thou
sands of other flags, while the pleased
artillery- men bowe" and manifested
their pleasure, and he thought that
they bowed to him. Proud, exultant,
hearing still in his ardent i- agination
the dull rumble of the cannon wheels
and the footfalls of the artillery
horses, he awaited with impatience the
march pf the First United States In
fantry.
Once more the sidewalks burgeoned
with myriads upon myriads of Amer
ican flags, upheld by childish patriots,
boy and girls. Looking down upon
them it seemed as if Freedom's flower
garden was there in its full bloom.
Onward came the magnificent First
Infantr;-. swarthy, keen of eye, alert
as greyhounds, sinewy, lordly, every
inch heroes: each^swinging along at a
natural gait. There Were their shel
ter tents, their uniforms, their rifles,
swift to sing a miserere, their flags;
their br..id — and the were real sol
diers who had seen service fi-hting In
dians — real, live, ferocious redskins!
"Hurrah! hurrah! hurrah" shouted
little Douglas, shouting: until he was
hoarse, shouting and waving his flag
until the soldiers were away down the
street and off 1 the war.
"Was there ever a live American boy
who has failed to elieve that Amer
ican soldiers are the best so* "iers on
earth? Not one. Nor was tnere ever
an American boy who d i not firmly
believe that victory must P ways go
with the American •-•». Imagine now
a boy's idea of a battlefield. Guns go
off with a stunning noise; men on
horses hold up long shining swords
and yell "forward" to daring cavalry
men, who sweep forward with the
speed of the wind vith bared sabers
flashing; or lead the men who carry
the guns upon which are fixed sharp
glistning bayonets and who advance
on the run, cheering all the time, un
der the folds of the Star Spangled
Banner. Hither and yon are brave
drummer boys beating lustily on their
drum head., while fifes shrill and
bugles sound the loud ala urn of war.
The foe flees. Victory, victory, oh
victory! for the beautiful red. white
and blue. The red, white and blue for
ever!
Nor was there evf-r a curly headed
little dreamer of a boy who has not
pictured how ne it would be to sail
over summer seas by day and by night,
listening to the wav foaming as they
are parted by the cieaving. sharp
bow of the tr"sty ship. Then, too,
think the -reamers, there are coral
islands in the Pacific, each inclosing a
silvery lagoon, each surrounded by a
ring of white, hoarse breakers, the
foam from which rises like smoke and
blows far inland, to be lew slender
palm trees and pineapple trees and be
salt the faces of fie i3land men and
;£?C>UARtLY 9? 'TOP Of r
women, who live in grass huts and
carry about awful va clubs, but who
would scamper away at the sight of
real soldiers! Sinbad, Robinson
Crusoe, shipwrecks, sharks, how de
lightful!
When little Douglas Dodge talked
to a friendly grocery man— for all the
world just as little Lord Fay .tleroy
used to talk to his grocery man — he
found a stimulus for his imagination
and into his head c; ie the idea which
grew into fixed determination that he
would go to war ar.d fight for the
United States and t_ a real nine-year
old soldier. He tha there was a
lady who wanted him to go to Cuba
with her and he tin ught it would be
well to have her with him, but this
lady was a fiction, invented by some
one who- did not know the child.
Very well, then; He could not go to
Cuba — he would go to Manila with the
First California Volunteers. H^ kept
his secret. The day came when the
Californians made their ever famous
march from the cam- ground to the
Pacific Mail rock. Douglas looked at
th- with beating heart and eager
eyes. He heard the band, saw the
marching, and thought i' all simply
glorious. He had s^^retly planned to
stow himsel away on the 1 king and
go with the Californians. Tie \vn? nnt
able to get upon the ship. But his
purpose was indomi* ble.
Another march took place and the
First Oregon Regiment caused huzzas
to smite the sk - • Jiey gallantly pro
ceeded to embark v >on the Australia
and the City of S"dnev for the far off
Philippines, to t. the assistance of
the brave Admiral T - - °y. The troops
marcho. tin the gang nlanks and were
aboard. Cowering in the hnlf dusk of
the"between decks" of the Rydn v. i-i
among the bunks erected for 'he use
of thi soldiers boys, was the form of a
boy — a very little boy. No one noticed
him f or a lone ti .c. He trembled but
felt happy. He was a stowaway and
he was little Douglas Dod*™. How he
came there - cannot pretend to ex
plain.
The great steamer swung idly at the
dock while -tores we-e going on board.
Crowds watch- ' and admired the sol
diers, but no one knew about the little
stowaway; at least he thought so.
But now the time for departure drew
near. The bow line:; of the vessel had
been loosened. Dow to where Doug
las Dodge was hiding came an inquis
itive soldier ar ' In- * hards upon the
boy and led him forcibly up to the
deck, where ho stood revealed before
the soldiers and their officers.
The soldi .-s knew bet than did
little Douglas what chances war may
bring; of fevers; of deadly bullets that
go right through one's body; f shriek
ing bombs tha spread death and de
struction over *he bloody field of bat
tle; of sharp swords that crash through
flesh ; and ; bone; of the cruel ; trampling
of horses over the wounded and dying;
of all the dreadful happenings of real
battles, and they would not have this
child go with them. Before the colonel
he was brought for questioning. He
said that he wanted to go with- the
troops a d that he .nought he ' could
be of service. by ■ ning errands upon
the battle, field. s. . , . •
; From stem to stern and from deck
to rigging rose a cheer as the story,
spread. .Soldiers eyes, which were
dim at the thou^'. of hcies and
friends o be left behind, brightened.
The eh: -r was taken up on all sides.
For -the : time the lad was -a hero.. He
was • the youngest ". recruit offered to
Uncle — but he was too young. Re
luctantly he was forced ,to leave the
ship. N w that. ' c knows that war is
terrible he will remain at home.'. '' :.'.'■'
He thinks that a newspaper man
told that he was on board.
■,m . ■
E MANUEL DOSTE, 11 years old.
!iytJ with his pam-i*.* at Sact
Tampa. He burned with 'patrlrf
ism and would' not rest until !ie
had been, fitted out with a minia
ture suit of canvas, such as the Cu
bans about him wore. ■ His parents are
Cubans : and .patriots. The lad begged
to be allowed to go to Cuba upon a
CJnited States transport with ,a party
of Cubans who were about to make a
night voyage. . W. J. Taylor tells the
story in the Kansas City World: ' :^VI
"As he stood on the Port Tampa dock
in line with his larger and older com
rades, his little black eyes sparkled
with pride and excitement. He had
his haversack on just as the big sol
diers had, and he was able to carry
. the Springfield rifle that he held at
his side. | Sturdy and strong in ' cour
age, he waited patiently until the com
pany to which he belonged got orders
to march on the boat. Not a moment
did he waver when the order came, but
•with military mien he shouldered his
gun and swung with the line as it
mounted the gangplank.
"Doste was a . stopping place for
many glances and looks of admiration,
and he felt proud of the attention ,he
attracted. - I, with several other news
paper correspondents, edged my "way
through the crowd that surround«;l him
while he was on the deck. The i.id
talks Spanish fluently, of course, and
can get along fairly well with English.
To. a question he said:
"Yes. sir, 1 am going to fight. ' ;
"But aren't you afraid you will be
killed?"
"No, sir." .". r. .*■; : ./:
"But you cannot hold that gun up to
shoot."
"No, but I can lay it on something and
pull the trigger. Yes, it might kick,
but -if it does I don't care. . When I
get over there I will get a little gun,
such as the men on horses carry. I
can shoot that standing up." :
. «■
THE VOICES.
BY MARGARET VAN CLEVE,
SACRAMENTO.
The sun was shining bright and clear.
And pleasant voices sounded near;
Hard by the little cottage wall
Towered a willow, graceful, tall.
Once I sat by the clear brook's side
And listened "to the murmuring tide;
I heard sweet voices loud and clear,
Full of glad life and merry cheer.
And once again, when all was still,
I heard those voices on the hill;
But shall I hear those voices more?
Far, far is childhood's happy shore.
Nellie, aged three, was out walking:
with her father one evening, but she
soon becam« tired and he was obliged
to carry her. "Is I vewy heavy, papa?"
she asked, as he set her down a mo
ment to rest. "Indeed, you are," he re
plied. "Ray, papa," (.ontinued the little
miss, "isn't you dest awful tickled at
I ain't twins?"
LITTLE GOLD SEEKERS.
BY MAGGIE R. KOTTINGER,
SAN JOSE.
Let's play be miners, sister,
And go and search for gold.
Away ut) north in Klondike,
Where all is white and cold.
We must sail the big blue ocean.
In a steamer called the "Brave;"
And then we'll have a ship-wreck
But all the lives we'll save.
I'll he the captain, sister,
And you the first mate true;
And this field of wild nag-lilies
Will be the waters blue.
Over yonder, where those clovers '
That little knoll have hidden,
Will be a dang'rous Island
On whose rocky shores we've ridden.
After days and days of sailing
We'll reach Alaska's land.
And we'll leave our storm-tossed vessel
On Alaska's shore to stand.
This patch of white forget-me-nots
Will be great fields of snow,
Where slowly, with our sled and dogs,
Over narrow trails we'll go.
At list we'll reach the river,
Near where the gold is found;
And, when we go to mining,
Snowless will oe the ground.
Then see. here are the gold fields!
These yellow poppies bright!
When the snow was on the ground
This gold was out of sight.
Now we'll pick golden nuggets,
All that our arms can curry.
And travel home with treasure
For mama and boy Harry.
NELLIE'S IDEAS
ABOUT THE WAR.
ISAW the girls march on Memorial
day in San Francisco. They kept
time to the mußic of the band and
looked cute. My sister May says
she would be afraid to march that way
for fear a horse would step on her, but
she is a little thing, and that Is why
she scares so. But she Las a dolL she
calls Columbia, and it wears a red,
white and blue dress that mamma
made for it.
May says it would be the most fun to
be a general and ride on a horse. Are
all the men who were on the horses
generals? I saw one whole company
of men who were riding and they all
had sharp swords. Were they all gen
erals? I thought soldiers were always
firing guns, but I must be mistaken,
because mamma says they have to stop
to eat ar.d of course they don't flre
guns when they are asleep, because
they might wake themselves up if they
did, and then they would be tired all
the time.
I am 12 years old. I read all about
the war in the papers, but don't under
stand much what is happening. But
I'll tell you what I'd do: If the Span
ish are really bottled up, as the news
papers say they are. I'd open up the
bottles nnd give them some fresh air,
for it must be dreadful to live in bot
tles where the weather is as hot as it
is in Cuba. But how did the Spaniards
get into the bottles? They must be big
bottles.
I wish you would tell me whether
the soldiers really eat hardtack that is
so hard they have to break it up with
AND "THE BEAR LOWED '
. . /Happy' I
a pickax, as the Bumpkins in Camp
Hardtack do? Perhaps it is soft when
they soak it. If it isn't it would make
good bullets. My papa used to be a
soldier, and what I ask him makes him
laugh. Now, are my questions funny,
or what Is the matter? He told me to
write and ask, and so* I have.
NELLIE HARGOOD.
Little Mabel was visiting in the coun
try and saw some little pigs for the
first time. What attracted her atten
tion most was the twist in their tails,
and after looking at them in wonder
for quite a while she asked: "Say,
grandpa, does the piggies' mamma put
their tails up in curl papers every
night?"
LITTLE SOLDIER
AND THE GEESE
I've got a brar.d new uniform,
I've got a flag and drum;
I'm looking up and down the road
For Spaniard men to come.
I've got a sword and pistol, too;
I've got a horse to ride;
And when those Spaniard men see m«
I bet they'll run and hide.
But I will chase and capture them
Wherever they may go.
And I will bravely march them home,
All marching in "a row.
And I'll take every sword they've got,
And I'll take every gun.
And after that I'll send them home.
And then the war'll be done.
Hello! What's that? I hear a noise
And see a dreadful sight-
About a thousand Spaniard men.
In uniforms of white!
Oh. dear! they're coming right this way,
I don't know what to do!
I'm going right straight home to ma!
Oh, dear! Oh! Oh! 800-hoo!
— New York Herald.
SPIRIT OF THE YOUTH.
THERE Is a company of small boys
Who parade near the water front
in this city whenever they get a
chance, out of school. They c*rry
wooden guns and have something
around them like cartridge belts. Half
a dozen drummers furnish the music
for them to march by. Crowds near
the foot of Market street, who are wait
ing for incoming regiments to march
out to Camp Richmond, are frequent
ly aroused by these boys, who "rally
round the flag" with spirit. Phil
Clancey is the captain and Martin Nu
nan is the standard bearer.
When the Civil War between tha
North and the South was in progress
there were thousands of boy soldier
companies in the United States. Some
of the uniforms were very pretty.
There were suits such as the old Con
tinental troops, the soldiers of the Rev
olutionary War, were dressed in — three
cornered hats, knee breeches, etc. Then
there were Zouaves, with blue jackets,
red, baggy trousers and turban-like
caps. Small boys reveled in joint pro
cession of brass cannons, which made
considerable noise. Boy soldier com
panies may once more become as pop
ular as they were in the early sixties.
3132
MR. NORTH
NEGLECTS
HIS DUTY
A Demand to Remove
Him From Office.
INCOMPETENCY IS CHARGED.
PASSENGERS DISCOMMODED BY
HIS ABSENCE.
Commissioner of Immigration Using
the Office as a Side Show-
Annex to H's Law
Practice.
• .Custom-house circle? were agog yester- !
•&'si.y over a rumor that serious charges |
•w'ere.tP be preferred against United States ;
■•Commissioner of Immigration Hart H. !
..S'orfh. Assemblyman from Alameda
Co.unty. •
.. It Is alleged that the Commissioner is
. Incompetent and also neglectful of his j
-'official duties, to the great inconvenience |
of masters of vessels and their passen
■ gers arriving from foreign ports. Much ;
. complaint against his office has been j
made ever since he took possession of it,
but patience has been worn out and dras- ,
tic measures have been inaugurated to
have him removed from office and to sup
ply the vacancy with some one who will :
attend to the duties of Immigration Com
° missioner.
Mr. North is an Assemblyman from |
Alameda County, with a law office in the
„ Mills building in this city and a residence [
in u Oakland. Ever since his appointment
to the lucrative Federal position he has
gone on practicing his profession as a )
lawyer, spending the greater part of his
time in his office in the Mills building and
la his | residence across the bay. The |
office of the Commissioner of Immigration
Is on 'he third floor of the Appraisers'
building, and when business is dull in the
courts and there is not much doing in the
law office in the Mills building Mr. North
occasionally visits his Federal office—per
haps to ■"see that none of his deputies have '
died since he saw them last.
He had not been long in office before he
succeeded in procuring the appointment
of additional help in the person of A. de I
la Torre as deputy and interpreter of
Spanish, notwltnstanding the fact that
the present deputies— Schell and j
Geffeney-^-are faithful men and had per- |
formed "ttrefr duties under the administra
tion of Commissioner Stradley to the sat
isfaction of ail parties concerned. But as
Messrs. Schell and Geffeney are often
on the water front attending to the duties
. of "their office and as Mr. North's law
business -r6iuir.es hiß attendance at his
office In the 'Mills building 'or in the |
'• courts it was -necessary to Increase ex- i
- penses by hiring Mr. de la Torre to re
; main in the -office during the few hours
' of the day ah which it. is. kept open.
But' Mr. de -la 'Torre was not enough.
Within the- past 'few weeks a lady type
writer has- b^eh" added to the force, al
though the*" business' has not been any
;; heavier' than i.t was during the Stradley
.administration. W,hen Mr.. Stradley did
office duty" and 'when the -two deputies
took care of the. outside matters. An- I
other Innovation was the shortening of
the office hours : when Mr. North signed
the following • circular, which has been
pastea on the door of the Immigration
.office? •• - .
NOTICE!
Tflffl 'OFFICE CIgSBS AT 3 P. M.
. . c _ DAILY.
SATURDAYS, .12 O'CLOCK NOON.
H. H. NORTH. Commissioner.
' : Under' "the .administration of his prede
cessor the ' office remained open until 4
p. •ns.y'a-n'd 'as already stated there was j
.no complaint:
•:. Tl)e. -complaints referred to are from
ma^te'ns of vessels which have the mis- j
fortune- .to arrive with passengers from '
forefgh- ports at other than the office
•hours : of. the Commissioner of Immigra- j
tion-/ '.In such cases It is not practicable j
' for the masters to send special Commls- ,
' eioners bver to Oakland to dig up the
official In order that the passengers may j
be allowed "to land, after they have been
passed upon by the quarantine officer and i
the custom house officials. In fact there
would Be no loss if the office were to be
abolished rather than to be mismanaged
bo grossly as it lias been under the so- I
called administration of Lawyer North.
The latest complaint is made by Cap
tain L. H. Hubbard of the American
brigantine S. X. Castle. The vessel ar
rived from Honolulu last Sunday night.
May 29,« at 10 o'clock. She was boarded
.by the quarantine and custom officials, I
who declared the ship and the six passen- j
gers free from disease and entitled to !
free pratique and the privilege of dock- j
ing and landing. But the Commissioner
of Immigration was represented neither
° in person nor by deputy. The law re- I
quires that upon the arrival of a vessel
from .a foreign port and carrying passen- ■.
gers, ' the ■ passengers shall bo examined
by" th.c Commissioner of Immigration and I
Immediately allowed to land if there be
• rip lawful objection.
'The passengers on board the Castle were \
.American citizens, all returning from a
'trip to Honolulu. They were A. H. Me- :
" Cherney,' Charles Rhodes, S. M. Cork*?, i
Me'arle Rhodes, Mrs. M. B. Rhodes and i
• Dr. C. M. Pease, all of them reputable
and well-to-do citizens. Dr. Pease is from i
Los Angeles and had taken a sea voyage !
for the benefit of his health.
• They naturally chafed under the delay, j
and Captain Hubbard, who spares no
pains to make his passengers comfortable,
• lost no time in endeavoring to secure the '
attendance of Commissioner North or one I
•of his deputies. At 9 o'clock on the fol
lowing morning, which was Memorial
Day, he dispatched his mate to the office
of the Commissioner. Being a holiday
the office was closed. He could not be \
found in the Mills building, he could not
.be discovered anywhere In San Fran- I
cisco.
The mate, In the course of his weary I
wanderings, visited the Custom-house i
where he found Deputy Surveyor St.
John, who telephoned for the Commis
sioner to all points of the compass, In
cluding the boxing thereof. - But the Com
missioner could not be located. The mate !
returned to the ship and made his re
port. He was sent downtown again and
again, all to no purpose. The captain, re- '
gardful of the rights of his passengers, i
•allowed them to land about noon of that
day.
Mr. North's office was opened for busi- ',
ness on Tuesday by his three deputies, '
and when he learned that Captain Hub
bard had neglected to keep his passen
gers prisoners for more than thirty-six
hours to suit the leisure of • tne Commis- ,
sioner he was indignant and caused to be
transmitted to the captain a typewritten !
demand for six thousand dollars penalty :
•for- discharging passengers without leave. ';
Captain Hubbard has refused to pay the i
six thousand dollars for the purpose of j
gliding the dignity of an absentee Com- ;
missioner, and will contest the matter in '
th.c courts, so that the question may be [
settled as to whether the traveling, public
la to be subject to the whims and caprices j
of a derelict and incompetent Commis- i
sioner.
' Shortly after the appointment of Mr. I
North it was stated in confidence by, some !
of. his friends that he did not Intend to
give up his law practice because of the
duties devolving upon him as a Federal
.appointee, that he would not tie himself
jto the Federal office, but would continue
'his' law practice as usual, and thus draw
.down remuneration from his clients and
'the Government at the same time.
; The Commissioner's office In the Fed
eral-building: was visited yesterday after
.iw«n nt 1:30 o'clock, but . the door ' was
forked and the Saturday noon closing no
tice stared visitors In the face. Twenty
fnlnutes later his partner In the law of
fice in the Mills building informed the
visitor that Mr. North, both Commis
sioner and lawyer, had son© home for
the day. ..•.-■-- ' '■ • - : -•«-_• «-_
RED CROSS
BADGES ARE
IN DEMAND
Hundreds Anxious to
Wear the Insignia.
THE SOCIETY STILL GROWS
DONATIONS POUR IN FROM ALL
OVER THE STATE.
School Children Send Eggs With
Mottoes to the Soldiers.
Money Still Flow
ing- In.
Total Receipts up to Yester
day $39,000
The rooms of the local Red Cross So
ciety in the Claus Spreckels building
are daily besieged by hundreds of both
sexes who are anxious to wear the in
signia of the famous organization.
Many are disappointed owing to the
slowness of those engaged in manufac
turing the buttons, but are mollified by
the obliging ladies in charge.
When the Idea of looking after the
welfare of the boys in blue was first
broached in The Call some months ago
the ladies and gentlemen who respond
ed by organizing little dreamed of the
magnitude the work of the society
would reach. Starting as It did, with
small meetings and slight interest, the
noble purpose of the organization be
gan to assert itself in the minds of a
generous public and subscriptions be
gan to How in slowly but surely.
When it was seen that the Govern
ment could not cope with the immense
bodies of troops that kept pouring into
the city, the lied Cross Society stepped
Into the breach and filled the position
of benefactors to a nicety. The city
began to respond with praises for its
grand work and faster and faster do
nations began pouring in, In such large
quantities from every quarter that a
new system of organization had to be
established. A State organization was
perfected to louk after the many branch
societies In every town and hamlet In
the State, while the local board louked
after the constant stream of donations
received from all over this city.
A large warehouse was opened at
16 Post street to store the multiplicity
of things received, and ladies unaccus
tomed to work untiringly labored in
the cause of the army from morn till
night. There was no lack of appre
ciation from the men who enlisted in
defense of their country. Blessings
and warm words of praise poured from
their lips in thankfulness to the ladies
who lessened their sufferings.
That Is why every boy and girl, man
and woman feels proud to wear the em
blem of the Red Cross, as It carries
with it the respect of all who have a
spark of patriotism or feeling in them.
Yesterday 113 members were added
to the society, which already numbers
Into the thousands, and more are anx
i ious to add their names to the roll of
: honor, in the hope that they will be
: allowed to wear the sign of the Red
\ Cross.
Major Fitzg-erald, surgeon of the
Thirteenth Minnesota Infantry, ex
presses warm appreciation for the no
! ble work done by the ladies at the
ferry.
Donations of bandages, caps, com
fort bags and other necessary articles
i were received at 16 Post street yester
j day from Oregon, Pleasanton, Sacra.
' mento, Alameda, Vacaville, Gilroy, An
tioch and many other places in this
' State.
Belmont School sends daily twelve
gallons of milk, which is sent to Camp
Merritt and apportioned out to the
different regiments.
The Church of the Advent, nurses of
St, Luke's Hospital and Forum Club
sent generous allotments of bandages,
handkerchiefs and comfort bags.
E. F. Beckwith of Denver sent $25 to
be spent on the boys from Colorado.
Material will be supplied in bulk to
societies resiring to make it up into
useful articles if they call at 16 Post
street.
Mrs. W. T. Ellis of Marysville sent
180 dozen eggs to the boys in blue.- with
her best wishes.
School children of Benicia expressed
j twenty dozen hard-boiled eggs to the
society, on which was written some
sentiment that will surely add relish
! to those eating them. "Shoot a Span
1 iard for me," "Remember the Maine"
and other expressions were inscribed.
Clarence Martin Mann sent a large
| donation of things to the Red Cross So
: Ciety yesterday.
The young ladies studying at the
■ Girls' High School have formed an
auxiliary branch of the Red Cross So-
I ciety and will shortly send a bountiful
■ supply of necessaries to headquarters.
Master Monroe Schwalba of 1408
! O'Farrell street yesterday brought to
! 16 Post street 250 envelopes and three
| reams of paper, which he had bought
with his savings of nickels.
Mrs. L. Hnnn's juvenile dancing class
will give their third annual entertain
ment and ball in aid of the Red Cross
fund on Friday evening, June 17, in
Odd Fellows' Hall. Thirty-five chil
dren, ranging from 2>,£ to 15 years of
age, will participate. The entertain
ment will consist of a fairy dance,
stage nnd fancy dancing, recitations,
national songs and dances.
Among the Minnesota volunteers are
some clever ball players, and they are
daily practicing with a view to gain-
Ing their first victory in this city. Their
challenge to the local aggregation has
been snapped up and on Thursday next
the two strong teams will line up at
Recreation Park in a benefit game for
the Red Cross cause.
Among the subscriptions received
yesterday were the following:
Friend, $5: Rlncon School, $6; Sequoia Chap
ter (nddlttonal rift). |10; St. Peter> Episcopal
Church. $40; Mrs. G. TV. Sheldon, $5; friend. $3;
Rertha H. Cray. $2 GO; I. G. •Roche, $5; Madison
Brure Hellers, I IK: Chinese Primary School.
$20; employes Miller, Ploss & Scntt. $f>7; em
ployes Imnham. <'Hrrlßan & Hayden Com
pany. $60: employes Holhrook. Merrill & Stet
son, $16; employes Washburn & Moen Manu
facturing Company, $25; employes Santa Maria
Manufacturing Company. $11 20; Magnolia
Court. Foresters of America. $5; Dr. E. John
son. $3; Mrs. A. J. Pinkstone, $1; employes
Payct, T'pham & Co., $6 50; M. IMomant
(monthly subscription). $1; Herman Schussler,
$100: memberships, 113.
Proceeds of tin soldiers' entertainment, (riven
by Harnld and Rudolf Btrthau, 2112 A'allejo
street, $173 85.
Injured by an Explosion.
11. Mlenn, an employe in the Western
Gas Company's works on Union street,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital yes
terday morning. A compressed air pipe
exploded, and two small pieces of iron
were blown into the fleshy part of hla
left leg.
A Case of the Grip.
Major Horace Moore, special agent of
the Treasury, is confined to his room
with a severe attack of the grip.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1917-1033 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1898.
6 HALES.
r / '
Vacation Items!;
In the Bazaar, Fourth Aisle.
Trunks, $4.00 up.
We sell trunks at dry goods profits— low
enough to sell a lot and low enough to
cause comment.
Fancy Tin-Covered Trunks, four hard- ;
wood cleats on top and front, sheet-iron
bottom, heavy patent lock, full Saratoga j
tray divided Into three compartments:
30-Inch, 97 4O; 34-inch, JjtS JSO; 36-inch, ;
9S GO.
Fancy metal covered barrel stave top,
three hardwood cleats on top and bottom. i
Iron bottom, wide iron binding, patent
spring lock:
80-Inch. $4 OO; 84-inch. $4 5O; 36-inch, j
94 75.
Traveling Bags, 50c to $4.80.
A Grained Olive Club Bag, Just the thing !
for a quick trip:
10-inch, sOc; 12-inch, 55c; 14-Inch. OOc;
16-inch. O3c.
Grained Olive Deep Oxford Bag. handy j
bag for city men making daily trips:
12-inch, 75c; 14-inch, **sc; 16-inch, S)Oe. i
Real Alligator Club Bag, 12-inch... 93 OO
Telescope Basket, with straps.ls-inch.3sc
Mexican Sisal Hammocks, braided edge
and spreader:
12 ft., 75c; 13 ft., }>Oe; 14 ft.. $1; 16 ft..
91 so.
Close Woven Hammocks, fancy colors and j
spreaders— ll ft., HOe; 11H ft.. 91.
Paper Napkins, 15c per 100; Plates, 5c \
dozen.
Ask for the Me Call Paper Dress Patterns. \
Hudnut's Perfumes
and
Toilet Preparations.
Cocoa Butter and Mutton Tallow. .S£sc box
Milk of Cucumber and Orris 91 bottle
Camphorated Chalk Tooth Powder. bot.
Also
Colgate's Bay Rum Soap (3 cakes) 25c
Tooth Brushes 5c to sOc
Curling Irons ...sc, Me and lOe
Brushes. Combs, Sponges.
THE MAYOR
MAKES A
DECLARATION
Turns His Back on
the Workingmen.
IS AN ARISTOCRATIC BOSS
TO IMPROVE HIS POLITICAL
ASSOCIATIONS.
Declares That He Will Have Nothing
More to Do With South
of Market Street
Democrats.
Mayor Phelan has no further use for
the voters who live south of Market
street. He has sq declarded, so it is
said, and to prove the sincerity of his
assertion he has backed up his words
with deeds.
It was during the trying time when
the McNab-Gould-Alford committee
was scouring the city for Democratic
"high joints" to appoint as members
of the Committee of One Hundred that
the Mayor gave voice to the sentiment
that is now causing a considerable
flow of bile among the Democrats in
the most populous half of the city.
"I have do-ne politics south of Mar
kpt street long enough, and now I am
going to do a little work on the other
side, where the atmosphere is purer."
It was in these words that the Mayor
is said to have proclaimed the course of
his future political efforts.
To prove that the Mayor has been as
good as his word, it is only necessary
to glance at the personnel of the Com
mittee of One Hundred, which was ap
pointed by the men who have sworn
allegiance to him. Of the one hundred
members seventy-two live in the north
ern part of the city and only twenty
eight have their residence south of
Market street. By the wish of the
Mayor, the Democratic party of San
Francisco is to be governed by men
who have nothing in common with the
workingmen and small property-own
ers of the city. Even the twenty-eight
committee members who come from the
district on the sunny side of the city's
great thoroughfare are not representa
tive of the community in which they
live. Of the number not more than half
a dozen are known to even a small por
tion of the gTeat mass of the popula
tion. The others are professional men
and capitalists, who are* not in touch
with the people and do not care to be.
They are the friends of the Mayor and
the other high Joints who have been
delegated with power by the State
Central Committee to rule the party
according to the manner of the new
order of things. The Democratic party
is to have a season of aristocratic boss
ism in which the majority of the vot
ers are to have no voice.
As soon as the Mayor's remarkable
declaration became generally; knows,
6 HALES.
Yesterday Our seventh afternoon concert Weather Fair Sunday; cooler in the To-MorroW Good values in crash skirts
Saturday was attended b/ over ICOO. Report: afternoon and night; light Monday and suits. Strong ribbon of-
They were pieased. northerly changing to fresh ferings. Hudnut's perfumery
westerly wind. now on sale.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN SAID: "God must have loved the common people;
he made so many of them" When Lincoln said this he meant God loved the
classes — the great mass of us who have to work hard and can't spend money easy.
Honest Abe knew as well as Hale's do that every dollar has to be carefully spent
to bring proper returns. We will paraphrase Lincoln's sentence by saying : "The
masses must believe in Hale's six stores, for they've made us." We aim to buy
strictly from the maker for cash ; we sell under a guarantee for cash. We won't
advertise a lie, but — we will insist that "good goods" shall be sold, and sold by
systematic attention to your needs.
Underwear, effi** |
Aisle No. 2, Center.
Drawers, 25c.
Ladles' Fine Cambric Drawers, umbrella
style; deep iambric ruffle, 3 tucks on bottom;
couldn't buy the raw material for the
money 155 c Pair
Gowns, 59c.
Good Heavy Quality Muslin: square neck;
lace and embroidery" trimmed yoke; cambric
ruffle over shoulder and on neck; lace
trimmed edge s!>c
Empire Gowns (see display) .". 75c
Skirts, 75c.
Ladles' Umbrella Skirt— Good, heavy white
muslin; deep cambric flounce; 4 tucks with
3-lnch embroidery ruffle on bottom 75c
Union Suits, 25c.
Ladles' Union Summer Weight Suits— Low
neck, no lleeyes, knee length; crochet neck
and armlets; one of our strongest Items In
this sale '-."«■
Better suit of fine Maco cotton, high neck,
long sleevos 50c
Cotton Vests, 25c.
Ladles' Cotton Vests— High neck, low sleeves,
or high neck, short sleeves, summer weight,
of fine Egyptian cotton; crochet neck and
front; In ecru and white 25c
Blouse Waists, 29c.
Boys' Blouse Waist of fine lawns— Large
sailor collar, with embroidery ruffled edge,
embroidery ruffled front and cuffs also. Extra
value 340 c
Hose, 10c.
Gents' Cotton Socks— Heavy Maco cotton:
fast black or tan shades, spliced heels and
toes, and soamless lOc Pair
Our Mail Order Department sends catalogues and samples free. Goods shipped same day as order is received.
"Good Goods." "Hales Goods." "Hales Prices."
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street, S. F-
the Democrats against whom it was di
rected entered a protest that bids fair
to Interfere seriously with the cut
and-dried plans of the Phelan follow
ers. The leadership of Major Harney
has acquired a sudden popularity, and
the future is big with possibilities. It
is asserted that the Mayor's defection
would have been received with better
grace by the voters who claim they
have been sat upon if it had been an
nounced prior to the charter election.
It is pointed out that the Mayor
stumped the district south of Market
street in the interest of the charter and
posed as the friend and father protec
tor of the very men whom he has now
deserted as being unworthy of his high
er ideals of the political environment
of an aristocratic boss. He told the
workingmen and the small property
owners of the district that their Inter
ests were his, and that in promulgating
the plan of the new charter he had
in mind their welfare, as against the
selfish interests of the aristocrats.
Some of them believed him and cast
their votes in favor of the charter, and
thus aided in securing Its adoption.
The result had scarcely been an
nounced when their erstwhile friend
came out with the announcement that
he had done with the Democrats whose
hands are soiled by daily labor, and
would henceforth confine his political
exertions to the more aristocratic pre
cincts of the Western Addition and Nob
Hill. The first result of this determina
tion is to be seen in the personnel of
the Committee of One Hundred.
Now that the Mayor's position has
become known to the voters who are
considered by him to be outside of the
pale of the political Four Hundred, a
rebellion is in progress. Its propor
tions are such as to cause serious
alarm to the new-born bosses, and It Is
feared that the State Committee will
have to be called upon to undo the work
it has done at the suggestion of McNab
and his colony of professional reform
ers. The Harneyites, who were entire
ly overlooked when the members of the
Committee of One Hundred were being
selected, declare their intention to fight
the new governing body to the bitter
end. They have been already assured
of the support of the men whom the
Mayor has so recently deserted, as well
as all of the . Democrats who believe
that the arbitrary action of the State
Central Committee in assuming the
right to take charge of local political
affairs was uncalled for and undemo
cratic. Besides this, notice is being
served on the high joints who compose
the committee that they need not now
or ever expect to receive the support,
sympathy or votes of the great ma
jority of the Democratic voters of this
city 1f they persist in retaining their
positions on a committee that is ob
noxious to all good citizens and the ex
istence of which Is due to the unwar
ranted assumption of power by a body
that has nothing to do with local party
differences.
What the general effect of these
threats will be Is still but a matter of
conjecture. Such political pot hunters
as Sammy Braunhart, E. P. E. Troy
and Clitus Barbour are already begin
ning to squirm under the lash, and- it
is expected that some of those of their
associates who would not object to
Berving the people some time in the fu
ture under the favorable provisions of
the new charter will hesitate before
continuing to offend the majority of
Democratic voters.
Distinguished Koreans.
Cum Wan Hoo, Cum Yung San, Hnk
Win Sun, On Quam Bun. Leong Win Lok
and Chum Wo Din, Commissioners from
Korea to the Exposition at Omaha, visited
the Cuetom-house yesterday for the pur
pose of getting admitted a shipment of
ginseng they were takine with them.
They speak the Peking dialect of the
Chinese language, and were escorted
through the mazes of the town by Cus
toms Broker Tarn Yung, who also speaks
that dialect. The visitors seemed to be
impressed by the fact that the Naval
Officer ware no necktie. ___.
6 HALES.
Linens and Wash Fabrics.
Aisle 3. (
Nainsook, 4c yard.
A strong feature Is made In this department
of washable enduring vacation goods. j
5000 yards White Check Nainsook, 25 Inches
wide, in five patterns 4c Yard
Organdies, 10c yard.
1100 yards shadow effects in Organdies,
three patterns of four colorings In each pat-
tern ioc Yard
Cheviots, 15c yard.
Cotton Cheviots wear exceedingly well for
seaside and camp life: 29 Inches wide, plaid
effects, so fashionable, in ten colorings;
figured both 5ide5....... 15c Yard
Prints, 5c yard.
94 prints In Blue, Pink, Red. Gray and Black
grounds,- with White figures; one of the items
In which we lead 5e Yard
Cambric, 7eC yard.
Just one case of White Cambric, 36 inches
. wide, selected for this week's sale by reason
of Its exceptionable value "fee Yard
Flannel, 7c yard.
Canton, unbleached, 30 Inches wide, heavy
and fleecy; regularly sold at 10c, and worth
It 7c Yard-
Spreads, 95c each.
1 case extra heavy full-size Crochet Spreads,
Marseilles patterns, hemmed ready for use
Use Each
Blankets, 50c pair.
Cotton, White and Colored; good enough for
camping, warm enough for comfort: worth
more than thi5............ .." oOc Pair
Gray Blankets, of Cotton and Wool mixed
....J?l SO Pair
We also show Damask Table Cloths, all
linen. 8-4 size.... $1 JS3 Each
Damask Table Napkins, 24 inches square,
pure 1inen.........: $1 «5 Dozen
COURSING IN
A HOT SON
Hares and Hounds Af
fected by the Heat.
SURPRISES WEF.E MANY
THE GREAT LISSAK BOWLED
OVER BY STAR POINTER.
Result of the Meeting and the
Probable Winners of the
First Round of
To-day.
The warm wave which dashed in un
expectedly on Friday caused a tired
feeling among the hares and dogs that
ran yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
Surprises consequently were many.
| The day's sport opened with the defeat
of Miller's Maid, a 3 to 1 favorite, over
Mollie, and in the course which fol
lowed Monotony came very near de
feating the .10 to 1 favorite, Sylvanus.
•Eclipse, although ranked among the
topnotchers, . was handsomely disposed
of by Jester, a dog' that is showing
marked improvement in his running.
Lady/ Campbell, although . played
strongly to win, ran out of form and
was sent to her kennel without a flag
by, Crosspatch.* Sportsman, owing to
his cunning 'style of running, was de
feated by Mercy May. Black Prince,
a confirmed lurcher, was defeated •by
Vanity ; Fair. ; Johnnie R ran a good
and strong- race and defeated ; Green
Valley Maid in the finish of a fairly
long course. Port ; Costa, another dog
of cunning ways, lost to Van -Knapp.
Skyball did not run up to form, but he
defeated Mission Boy nevertheless •'.'.,
Glenstone came ..." very ' near sending
White Chief home without honors, i»~..
in the run-off of a "no. course" the
Chief won by a small margin.
Arna, a ' new dog from ; Stockton,
proved to be a thoroughbred lurcher,
and it is doubtful whether he will ever
be : heard from \ favorably. Sunollte, J a
young dog from Merced, will need dose
watching. ■"': He gave I the : great Theron
a very hard rub : yesterday in a long
course and could not have been beaten
by more \ than two .'points. .. The ; defeat
of ' Llssak by Star ■ Pointer > brought
sighs from the. talent, who played him
as high as . 8 and 9 ' to 1 to win. The
winner ran a very good race : all
through. < Lissak died away in . the fin
ish and was about to quit when the
course ended. - >';. •
As the ; sudden change of weather has
greatly ii: affected hares and >: hounds
leashmen who will attend the meeting
of ; to-day will : need -to ; keep their eyes
open i if ; they feel disposed ;to try their
luck iin the pools. > The result ' of ■- the
first round of the stake is as follows:
. Miller's 'j Maid •;. beat v Mollie; Syl vanus  beat
1 Monotony; ' Move i On "beat Border's Valentine;
Benicla Boy beat s Flag; :■ Jester beat i Eclipse;
j Forget '- beat * Jennie Dsane; ' Crosspatch beat
j Lady ; Campbell; - Mercy, May beat " Sportsman;
j Royal ,' Buck '. beat Sarcastic ; , Vanity ; Fair •■ beat
I Black Prince; White Lily beat "Klondike: Wave
beat M.ircella; Black Pattl - beat c Hettte- M.
Arapahoe beat Santa ' Bella; Do ■Me beat : Little
Dottle; Laurelwood • beat ■■ Jessie ::., Maid; Tod
Sloan beat Diamond; ? Johnnie X beat; Green
Valley j Maid; - : Hercules ; beat > Minnie - E; ■ Rusty
Gold . beat ' Prince of I Fashion ; Van Knapp beat
Port ' Costa; 1 Skyball \ beat 'Mission Boy; White
. Chief • beat plenstpaei i Mission • Tie : beaj^ ■ jui
6 HALES.
Choice Dress Goods.
Aisle No. 1.
Serge, 25c yard.
What neater for the seaside or the resort
than a t,il!or-made — or even a rough-and-
ready gown of serge? We offer a Black
Serge-, 3fi Inches wide, of guaranteed dyt; and
finish 23c Yard
A better grade, 44 inches wide, strictly all
wool; should .a the regular way of trade be
50c yard. Hale's price 4Oc
Grenadines, 35c yard.
All thp fashion magazines, all the great
Eastern dry jjoous houses, are talking of
Grenadines .or this season— A Black figured
Mohair Grenudlne, 38 Inches wide, is our
leader this week (all trimmings can be had
here, too) 35c Yard
Suitings, 75c yard.
Vigoreaux Sulting3 — Fancy mixtures of
beiges, blues, tans, greens, hard, smooth
finish; nothing better for outing costumes;
French make; 4"> inches wide 75c Yard
A heavy Covert Suiting (10 shades). .7sc Yard
Tweeds, $1.25.
English Tweeds— Giving that dressy tailor-
made effect so sought for; fancy mixtures,
rich and exclusive; twill surface: 4fi Inches
In width. See the display $1 25 Yard
Ask for the Me Call Paper Dress Patterns.
Swiss Curtains.
Aisle No. 3, Rear.
Tambour Curtains.
White, 3*4 yards long by 47 Inches wide,
suitable for be«troom use; got too many In
stock; good time to reduce them for speed y
5a1e... 91 75. #2 00, $2 25. f2 80, $2 95
We've tnken s<V oft each pair. That's only-
part of what you will save!
kenny Girl; Mercury beat Arna ; Theron beat |
Sunollte; Magnet beat Gilt E.lge: Lord Byron 1
beat Bendlgo; Star Pointer beat LJsaak: Victor I
beat Minneapolis; Sweet Lips beat Clifton
Lass; Glenwood beat Jessie Moore.
Judging by yesterday's performances
the hounds that should give? good ac
counts of themselves to-day are: Mil
ler's Maid, Move On. Jester, Mercy
May, Royal Buck, White Lily, Arapa
hoe, Laurelwood, Tod Sloan. Rusty Gold,
Skyball, White Chief, Theron, Lord
Byron, Star Pointer and Sweet Lips.
Courses that give promise of being
hotly contested are those between Jes
ter and Forget, White Lily and Wave,
Tod Sloan and Johnnie R, Hercules and
Rusty Gold, Star Pointer and Victor.
The great champion stake, which is
creating widespread interest, will be
run on Saturday, the 18th inst. A
maiden stake will also be run on the
same day.
AT INGLESIDE.
The Largest Saturday Attend-
ance of the Season.
A banner crowd saw the dog races at
Jngleside yesterday. The attendance was
the greatest for a Saturday that the park
has ever held, which was in a measure
due to the weather, but chiefly to the
splendid card offered in the all-age stake.
In the puppy stake the favorites with
but a single exception did not suffer an
overthrow. The exception was the defeat
of Mayflower by Phoebe, a 2 to 1 shot.
The great surprises came in the all-uge
stake. Sylvia, after two no-goes with
Flrenzl, easily outran the latter in the
third race. Flrenzi started a favorite, but
was backed down. The Lass o' Gowrie,
1 to 5, surprised the talent by winning
from Lady Jane. Another surprise was
the victory of Glen Chloe over Diana,
who sold as the favorite. 6 to 1.
Puppy stake— G. Burflend's Royal Prize beat
T. McHugh's Matchless; G. Reddy's Bernlce
beat T. J. Tierney'a Peter M: J. Quam i Mari
etta beat D. S. Smalley's Royal White: O. H.
Hour Jr.'s Obediah beat J. Quane'a Thad Stev
ens: Dillon & Rellly's DauntleFs beat J. Har
ter's Buckstone; Larkey & Rock's Minerva
beat Kay & Trent's Klllarney Lass; Dillon &
Rellly's Sunburst beat Brandt & SBnd's Flora
Bell; Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe beat J.
Egan's Mayflower; Lynch & Maher's Lottie M
beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell: J. Egan's
Billy Gladstone beat Mission Kennel's Scarf
Pin.
All-aged stakes— D. Ford'B Bonita beat D. D.
Roche's Pacific Queen; G. Smart's SUkwood
beat J. L. Sear's Beauty; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle beat M. Kerrigan's Lady Rlanche;
Kay & Tranfs Sylvia beat J. Shea's'Flrenzi-
J. Sheehan's Lass o' Gowrle beat J. Sheehan's
Lady Jane; O'Connell Bros.' Lot? Boy beat P.
O'Donnell's Counterfeit; Deckleman & Pan
arlo's Olen Chloe beat Kay & Trant's Diana-
D. D. Roche's Gold Dust beat W. Flynn's
San Mateo.
Deckelman & Panario's Old Glory beat A
Daiss' Burllnston; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal beat Kay A Trant's Leonora; T. Gaffney's
Sir John Arnott beat D. Shannon's Swlnner
ton; \V. Halpin's Nelly Conroy beat W. Olema'g
Dairy Maid; Deckelman & Panarlo's Olen Boy
beat -.1. Mumane '? Valley Maid; M. Mlchalick's
KireMll boat F. McEldown«y's The Qoesoon; J
Deans Moondyne beat D. Shannon's Sprig o"
the Hill; Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady
beat J. L. Sears' Hot Stuff.
Immediately after the running a con
solation stake was drawn, resulting as
follows: Diana vs. I,ady Blanche. The
Gossoon vs. Beauty, Pacific Queen vs San
Mateo. Hot Stuff vs. Valley Maid, Flr
enzl vs. Lady Jane, Counterfeit vs. Bur
lington.
MENACE TO HEALTH.
William Brown Arrested for Expos
ing Immature- Veal for
Sale.
William Brown, driver of a meat wagon
from Butchertown, was arrested early
yesterday morning by AJeat Inspector
Davis on Broadway, near the County Jail;
he was booked at the City Prison on a
charge of violating section 25 of order
lw»l by bringing into the city and expos
ing for sale veal unfit for food.
Davis suspected that immature veal was
being: brought into the city and sold on
the Barbary Coast, and early yesterday
morning he searched every wagon from
Butchertown. When he stopped Brown
he denied having anything but meat in
his wagon, but a search revealed the two
calves sewed up In a sack.
Joined the Drum Corps.
John Hennessey, John Curran and
6 HALES.
Fancy Department.
' ■ 'A • Second • Aisle
; Stronger : and stronger becomes the
demand for Ribbons— wear-well Ribbons,
we mean— striking creations to cause a
feminine flutter.
Fancy Ribbons, 15c.
2500 yards 3H and 4 Inches wide. Bayadere
and Roman Stripes, Checks, Plaids: and
border Stripes. . '. .15c Yard
1650 yards 34 to 4H Inches wide.2sc Yard
■ 1000 yards, the choicest of ■ the loom *in
Fancy Ribbons, latest effects and ; color-
ings; also double-faced Satin Ribbons in-
cluded. Our Ribbon buyer has stock com-
ing to replace these g00d5... ...... .;..*..;...
[ .Special 4Se Yard
A complete display of .. flag and tricolor
Ribbons. ,
Torchon Lace, 5c yard.
2500 yards Linen shade English Torchon
Lace, 2% to 3H Inches wide; looks same
as hand-made, wears better; couldn't use
better or more dependable trimming for
underwear and dress trimming.. Yard
Handkerchiefs.
200 dozen Swiss embroidered and scal-
loped-border Handkerchiefs...... 5c Each
Notions Worth "Taking."
First Aisle, Rear.
The Sport Hairpin (has a twist). ..Re Box
Beauty Toilet Pin Books 5c Each
Universal Hairpin Cabinets .. He Each ■
Dexter's Knitting Cotton «c Ball
Galrs Queen Skirt Supporter, all sizes..
Corduroy" Skirt" 'Binding." 'colors 0 and*
black :;i, c Yard
Stockinet Dress Shields "...5c Pair
The Littlejohn Placket Fastener..
Knitting silk. Vo ya'rda't'o'th'e "'spool,
Knitting Silk. SO yards to the 'spool V
colors 12c Spool
'The New Crash Goods.
Cloak Department, Fourth Aisle, Rear.
! Skirts.
Ladles' White Duck, perfect fitting
hangs beautifully, wears well, wash as
good, hem at bottom, three qualities
three prices....... :.$1 00. IJCI 25, $1 no
We show in addition to above a line of
crash Skirts made extra strong for rough
country wear; wide hem at bottom..
•••■•• $1 to 91 BO
Suits.
Ladies' Plaid Crash Suits, Eton effect
full skirt, in latest styles, 32 to 42.93 HO
Ladles' Blue mixture Crash Suits, fly
front, nicely made: seams in Jacket, all '
bound, sizes 34 to 42. See our display. in
window and come early, for they won't
last long. The suit ....Jfl 95
1 Ask for the McCall Paper Dress Patterns. .
Millinery Attractions.
Fourth Aisle. Center.
The strong feature of our ■ headgears la
its individuality. You don't see dupli-
cates on your lady ■ friends. : We don't
copy.
On show Monday: ' ■
An elegant assortment of Trimmed Walk-
ing Hats »a 50 to 94
Short-Back Sailors and Fancy Dress
Shapes In Black and all colors, elegantly
trimmed in Flowers, Wings. Chiffon and
spi^'saiiors.'.'.'"";;;:.'::.? 1 .. 75 to »1 •'">
Julia Opp Sailor "' v »1
Anna Held 5ai10r........ 75 C
An extensive display of assorted Sailors
Fancy' 'Quill" Ponpons .7 .V.V.V.V.'.V ' ' lie
-Fancy Flowers 100, JSOc, Spray
Household Articles.
Bazaar Basement, Aisle No. 4.
11-Inch Blue-and-Whlte Enamel Wash-
basin 23 O
10-Inch Acme Frypan, with cool handle
Bread and' Meat Knife combined (hard-
wood handle) 13c
(An inspection shows you other equally
■■ good Items.)
George McKay, three boys, were arrested
Thursday on a charge of vagrancy, an<i
yesterday they appeared before Judge
Mogan. They told the Judge they had
enlisted in a drum corps to gn to Manila,
and the Judge, on satisfying himself that
their statement was correct, told them he
would give them a chance to become valu
able citizens, and dismissed the cases.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•-f-f -f -f > -f .-"• ♦ .-f -f t- -f- «f> : .♦•
•♦■;; >
+ "THE CREDIT HOUSE." .
_. Siz Stories High. 7^
♦ ' ♦
+ Upholstered Parlor
♦ ■ Chair, spring seat. Back X
X and seat covered in dif- +
4 ferent colors and pat- +
I ♦ terns of bright tapestry -*.
\X ..........^....51.50^
! ■♦■ Bookcase and Writing Desk- com- -¥
I - bined, in solid oak; fancy shaped, +
-f mirror. -A library necessity .....s9.oo +
>- Don't let the music lie around ;a +
+ good Music Cabinet in beautifully x,
+ polished mahogany costs 0n1y.55.50 \
I a Metal Beds are clean and healthful. ■ ■ .
! . All- Brass Beds — no enamel — bright, T
. ornamental and durable $15.75 .
\X Carpet Department. £
ja. Art !- Squares , are easily kept clean, -+.
a and you have both sides to use. Wear
~ for years. , _,
1 "*" We've fifty different-priced grades,
j ■*" and over two hundred patterns. "*"
; "♦" Twelve patterns at these prices :
{♦ 9x9 feet............52.75 ;J; J
! ■♦••.■■ ,9x10« feet........ -3.25 7"-
♦': ;. :■; 9x12 feet....: 3.75 r +
! -♦- — +
JT[-v' J Fre« -.'delivery In Oakland, Alameda '■, A
•♦■ and Berkeley. • ■♦■
X M. FRIEDMAN & CO, X
I 233-235-237 Post Street. +
Open Evenings. Near Stockton.
m+++♦ > + '♦ > ■> 4- >>■>>> m
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains,: Bruises.
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, i Headache, ..Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. . Internally  for - ; all - Bowel
Pains, ' Colic, ' Diarrhoea, Dysentery."- Cholera
Morbua and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-
Klflt*.-v.;;;;.;^. ..:■.-,■;.■—.: ... :. ■-.:. ■'. ■ . '(,'.;■*;■*;%