VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 162.
SAN JUAN AND HAVANA
SAMPSON'S OBJECTIVES
TORPEDO-BOAT WINSLOW PUTTING TO FLIGHT THREE SPANISH GUNBOATS OFF CARDENAS.
MINISTERS WANT
PEACE, BUT DARE
NOT DEMAND IT
Spain's Cabinet Would Throw the
Responsibility of the War
Upon Parliament.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, May 10.— It is only in
directly that attention is paid to the
progvess oi the war by the people
here. For the time being every one
is engrossed with consideration of I
the Ministerial crisis. Upon its solu
tion depends the immediate action of
Spain. If the Cabinet weathers the
storm it will emerge from it either
instructed to prosecute the war vig
orously or else empowered to take
steps for the re-establishment of
peace with the least possible delay.
From careful consideration of the
Cabinet's action ever since in- i
vestment with the powers of office,
it is more than probable — even mor
ally certain— that the latter solution
would be more in accordance with its ;
members' personal desires. The ques
tion is, will they be able to follow
their desires? Their position is a
difficult one. They know only too
well that the longer war is prosecut
ed the more severe will be the loss
to Spain. It was perhaps their reali
zation of the nation's financial em- I
barrassment that made their efforts
for peace so decided as to call out
the accusation that they were ready
to accept it at any price — with dis
honor even — so long as war was
averted.
As it is only natural the Ministry
could not proclaim publicly in the ■
face of an enemy who was pushing it
to the ■wall, more and more deter
mined as the negotiations continued,
that war for Spain meant ruin. Now
the opposition ij taunting them for
the reticence which was dictated by
the commonest patriotism, and in so
many words accusing them of having
entered into the war light-heartedly.
Nothing could be more unjust, nor
could anything throw a clearer light
upon the strength of political passion
in this country than this turning of
the danger which menaces the na- j
tion's very «xistence into a tool to
serve party ends.
It is manifest that the Government
is trying to throw the responsibility
for the continuance of the war on '.
Parliament. It is also manifest that
the opposition it trying to -jmbarra-ss
the Government by refusing to accept
that responsibility without, at the
same time, giving the Ministry any
ground for : aying, later, that peace
was concluded by the will of the na
tion's representatives and not by that
of the Government's party majority.
In fact, the position is this: The
opposition will not help the Govern
ment to secure peace, as later it may
overthrow the Liberals upon this
ground. Wn.ch of the two parties — j
the Ministerial or the opposition — :
will be stronger, is the one subject
of interest at present, and this is
why I say the progress of the war is
only indirectly occupying public at- ! '
tention. One thing is certain, there !
is growing a current feeling that to j
pursue this disastrous war, now that I '
it has been proved that, while Spain
courage is always equal to any test,
her financial, military and naval re
sources are inadequate to cope with «
an adversary so vastly her superior *
i s America, amounts simply to mad- i 1i 1
ness.
One of the most prominent bankers £
here said to me that to escape from j
total ruin is becoming more and more ,
difficult every day the war is pro- \ j
The San Francisco Call
i longed. People who talk about war
to the death are in general people
who run the least risk of dying or
even taking part in the war. They
are in Spain what the jingo Con
gressmen are in America — promoters
of trouble, with no danger to them
selves. But the people who have al
ready suffered in the short time the
war has been going on are beginning
to reflect that the man who can take
his dinner at the principal restaurant
of Madrid and who can drink his
favorite wine, still can afford to talk
; in a lofty strain about vindicating
national honor at the expense of the
last drop of his blood and his last
centime, but it is the working man
who finds n.mself confronted with
; the tangible proof of what war
means. In fact, he is already pay
ing about twice as much as formerly
for a loaf of bread, that plays such
an important role in his nourishment,
and is beginning to get desperate.
There have been explanations of the
! risings that have been and are still
taking place all over the country.
Laborer, mechanic, as well as trades
man understands the intricacies of
the problem, but he knows that life
is becoming impossible for him, and
it may be that it is even now very
near the point when the exporter of
every bag of grain becomas his
enemy, and the speculator who is
storing breadstuffs in hopes of a
further rise is a man to be dealt with
as a noxious reptile.
At Linares on Sunday a mob in
frenzy fired upon the civil guard,
who finally replied with a volley that
killed twelve, according to some re
ports, and several according to
others, and seriously wounding a
peat many. There was also rioting
in Brenes Albacete, Albu.-ique, Oli
veniza, Villa Kobleda, Cartag \a,Ali-
cante, Ceuna, Palma, Villa Franca,
Ciudad- Heal and other places. Some
of these disorders amounted to little
more than noisy demonstrations, but
all indicate a spirit of desperation
due to the dearness of bread, and in
consequence a widespread misery
With the people in this excited state
it is comparatively an easy task for
the Carlist and Republican political
agitator to gain acceptance of the
most absurd theories. These agita
tions have naturally not been lack
ing, but the political aspect of the
disturbances is only the minor one
The real cause is stern suffering and
the Government, with a united ma
jority, could bring the war to an end
and be applauded. Will a majority
be obtained P Most people doubt it
If it cannot, there is scope for the
widest conjecture as to what will be
the result on the country at large
STEAMERS TO CONVEY
TROOPS TO CUBA.
The Work of Loading Ammunition
for me Guns Has Already
Commenced.
TAMPA. Fla, May 10.-By Thursday
six of the big Government transports
at Port Tampa will be in readiness for
the actual loading of the troops and
horses. They have already been fully
supplied with coal and water. The
work of building the stalls of the horses
and mules was practically completed
to-day, and long lines of frelghtcars
&Ued with boxes of ammunition for the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
DON CARLOS
SUMMONS HIS
FOLLOWERS
The Pretender's Sympathizers in
America Ordered to Depart
for Europe.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Senor de la Costina, the American repre
sentative of Don Carlos, left New York last night to join his leader in
Europe. Before going Senor Costina said that his departure was due
to a summons from Don Carlos and that all the other American Car-
Hsts had already left or were about to leave to assist Doii Carlos in
his next effort to regain his throne. Senor Costina, according to the
Commercial Advertiser, said that, Judging from the events of the past
few days, Don Carlos would probably be established before he (Senor
Costina) arrived in Europe, but that in any event the presence of the
American Carlists was desired at this moment.
"With our knowledge of the United States and the American people
we will be able to advise Don Carlos as to the expediency and the '
best method of carrying on the present war. <
"It is possible, certainly," said Senor Costina, "that some way may <
be found to settle the difficulty when Don Carlos is King; the Ameri- ■
can Carlists will endeavor to bring this about. Should Don Carlos, «
however, consider that the honor of Spain or the interests of the Span- •
ish people would be compromised by a peace he will certainly carry the -
war on to the end. He will be in a better position to wage war than <
is the present Government. Besides his own immense fortune, which <
amounts to about $30,000,000, he inherited a large fortune from his first <
wife, and his present wife, too, is very rich. Besides this, he can com- <
mand the entire fortune of every Carlist in Spain, France or anywhere <
else. <
"Don Carlos is already forming his ministry, and although it is not <
yet completed, I can safely say that at least three of the Ministers <
have been decided on. The Marquis of Cerralba is to be President of <
the Council; General Weyler, Commander-in-Chlef of the Army, and <
Don Juan Vasquez de Mella, who was recently expelled from the Cortes, <
will occupy a high position, probably that of Secretary of State." <
rifles of the soldiers and for the Gat- '
ling and Hotchkiss quick-fire guns
were backed upon the tracks along the |
wharves, and the work of loading them
on board ship was commenced.
General Shafter spent most of the
afternoon at the port inspecting the
work, which will continue night and
day until completed. To-morrow each
transport will have mounted one or i
more of the Hotchkiss guns, while the
Gatlings which will be taken along will
be placed on the lower decks. The
Orizaba, now at the quarantine station
near Egmont Key, w r ill arrive here on
Thursday, and will be put into the slip
at once for coaling and loading sup
plies and ammunition. Soldiers and
officers are quietly preparing for orders ;
for the breaking of camp. Practically ]
all their belongings except such things
M are absolutely necessary have been ,
packed away, and when the orders
come but little will remain to be done ;
except to take down tents and load the
■wagons.
The mobilization of the State troops
at Tampa will commence to-morrow,
and by Thursday nearly a thousand
volunteers will be encamped here.
The ordering into Tampa from
Chickamauga of the Third and Sixth
cavalry regiments and all the infantry
regiments yet remaining there will
swell the total number of regulars at
this point to over 12,000 men, and, with
the State troops and the Cuban volun
teers, 16,000 soldiers will be encamped
here.
REPUBLICANS READY
TO FORM A GOVERNMENT.
An Assertion in Spain's Parliament
That Caused a Great Com
motion.
MADRID, May 10.— The Chamber of
Deputies had a prolonged sitting this
evening, with a view of passing the
current political measures, giving the
Government way to procure funds to
continue the war.
Senor Salmeron, the republican
leader, alluded to the rumors of the
Queen Regent's abdication, and de
clared the republicans were ready to
form a Government forthwith. His
remarks evoked a storm of protests,
and Senor Salmeron was unable to pro
ceed for fully ten minutes. Monarch
ists and republicans shrieked at each
other and bandied threats.
The president's voice was completely
drowned. When he finally obtained a
hearing, the president, Marquis Vega de
Armljo, requested Senor Salmeron to
withdraw the calumny. Senor Sal
meron refused, whereupon the presi
dent named him and threatened to
name him thrice if he continued his at
tacks upon the throne. As a result of
this caution and of the persistent mon
archist interruptions, Senor Salmeron
was compelled to desist.
Senor Sagasta, the Premier, then
rose and asserted that any one trying
to sow disunion among the Spaniards
when the nation was engaged in an in
ternational struggle was unworthy of
the name of Spaniard.
Senor Salmeron shouted, "I am a good
Spaniard."
This declaration was greeted with
monarchist shouts of "No, no; out with
him." Senor Sagasta appealed to the
patriotism of members and prayed the
House to vote the "funds so necessary
to conduct the war." His appeal was
greeted with the general cry, "We will
vote immediately."
Senor Silvela, leader of the dissident
conservatives, said his party would ab
stain from further discussion and was
ready to vote the urgent war funds im
mediately, but he claimed the right to
debate the other budget as such meas
ures.
TWO ATTEMPTS TO
POISON SOLDIERS.
Sacks Containing Cotton Saturated
With Arsenic Placed in the
Water.
ATLANTA, May 10.— A special to the
Constitution from Mobile says: A sec
i ond dastardly attempt to poison the in
j fantry regiments at Camp Mobile has
! been made. Six days ago some soldiers
found in the creek which runs along
side the grounds a sack filled with ab
sorbent cotton, which had been satu
rated with arsenic and tied down be
j neath a rock which juts out into the
i stream at a point just above the place
where the soldiers get their drinking
water. By accident a trooper detected
the trap, removed the sack and upon
j the contents being revealed, reported
his find to the commanding officer.
! Strict orders were given not to mention
| the incident and so the matter was
| hushed up. Since that day, however,
j the creek has been closely watched and
! vigilance was rewarded when Corporal
John Sullivan of Company a. Ninetenth
Infantry, found a poison bag loaded
with arsenic and anchored down just
as in the first instance.
The officers will not discuss the mat
te: , but among the privates, feeling is
running high, and they do not fail to
exp ess themselves. Spanish spies are
lnown to be lurking in the neighbor
hood, where a number of Spaniards re
side. They are all under strict scru
tiny.
Movements of the Temerario.
NEW YORK. May 10.— The Teme
rario arrived to-day at Maldonado, a
Uruguayan port on the Atlantic, and
Bailed immediately, direction unknown.
NEW PLAN
ALREADY
OUTLINED
Quick and Vigorous Blows Ex
pected to Terminate the
War.
Congressmen Discussing the Disposition
of Cuba, Porto Rico and the
Philippines.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 10.
It was assumed in these
dispatches last night that the
Cape Verde fleet was yet on
the other side of the Atlantic,
and that based upon such as
sumption, if not upon actual
knowledge of its where
abouts, the department would
direct Admiral Sampson to
commence the bombardment
of the batteries of San Juan,
Porto Rico.
Dispatches were to-night
sent to Sampson via Port au
Prince, Hayti, informing him
that reports to the State De
partment finally located the
Spanish fleet at Cadiz, and for
him to commence operations
against the batteries imme
diately. The President, Sec
retary Long, all of the Cabi
net and army and navy offi
cials were greatly relieved
when, about 3 o'clock this
afternoon, reliable advices
from Madrid stated that the
Cape Verde fleet of seven
vessels had returned to Ca
diz. Not because the fleet Is
feared, but because the un
certainty as to its where
abouts has prevented the
formation or execution of any
well defined plans for either
the army or navy.
But now that it is defi
nitely ascertained that
the Spanish war vessels
are on the other side of
the Atlantic and could
not cross within ten or
twelve days' time this
Government will strike
vigorous blows from
which Spain will be un
able to recover.
In the first place San
Juan is to be taken. This
will not be a difficult
matter for the powerful
vessels in Sampson's
squadron.
The city of San Juan is on
a promontory, standing out
into the sea. The entrance to
the anchorage is narrow, but
the water is navigable to ves
sels of large tonnage. The
city is surrounded with walls,
and a reef of half-sunken
rocks, extending over about
two-thirds of the whole cir
cumference, makes another
barrier. The walls are solid,
but would very easily yield
to modern ordnance. Until
early in last year the only
battery of any consequence
was a new one placed toward
the east coast, designed ap
parently to protect the city
from anticipated attack on
the land side. The battery
mounts several Krupp guns
of medium caliber. It is be
lieved that several more of
these are mounted in Morro
Castle at the other end of the
town. The remainder of the
ordnance in San Juan along
the walls until very recently
was of a very obsolete pat
tern and guile unserviceable.
When the batteries have
been reduced several of the
vessels in Admiral Sampson's
fleet will be left to harass the
Spaniards if they attempt to
remount their big guns. With
the other vessels he will re
turn to Havana, and by this
time 60,000 or more regular
and volunteer troops will
have been landed in Cuba at
a point known only to the
War Department.
Blanco will be called
upon to surrender Ha
vana under penalty of
having the city shelled.
He will, of course, send
a defiance as his an
swer. The batteries at
Morro and Santa Clara
and other fortifications
will then be bombarded
and reduced, and if
Blanco still refuses to
yield Havana will be
shelled by our fleet,
while th c American
troops and the insur
gents attack from the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
rear. This is the plan as
outlined by an army of
ficer to-day, and he is
confident that Havana
will be taken before
June 1.
If the combined Spanish
fleet crosses the Atlantic to
Blanco's relief Sampson, re
enforced by Captain Schley
and his flying squadron, as
well as the magnificent bat
tle-ship Oregon, the Marietta
and the Nictheroy, will meet
and destroy it before it arrives
off Porto Rico.
In the minds of naval offi
cers there is not the slightest
doubt of the outcome of such
a battle royal on the high seas.
In the two American fleets
there will be sixty-four war
vessels, battie-ships of all
kinds, viz.— battle-ships, pro
tected and unprotected cruis
ers, monitors, torpedo boats,
gunboats, rams and one dyna
mite hurier.
The combined Spanish ar
mada would contain one
formidable battle-ship and a
large number of first-class ar
mored cruisers equal to our
second-class battle-ships. In
addition to these there would
be six torpedo boats and six
destroyers.
Practically the entire reg
ular army will invade Cu
ba, and it is believed that
20,000 of them will be
landed on Saturday or Sun
day. They will be under
the general command of Gen
eral Miles, who leaves for the
South to-morrow, but active
operations in the field will be
personally directed by Gen
eral Shafter.
. The determination of the
President and his Cabinet to
send such an immense body
of troops to invade Cuba in
stead of a mere handful to
convoy provisions, arms and
ammunition to the insurgents
and to establish a base of
supplies, was influenced by2
the following considerations:
First, to follow up the Ma
nila victory with a blow at
Havana that will speedily
terminate the war.
Second, to drive Blanco's
troops from Cuba before the
rainy season, so deadly to un
acclimated troops, sets in.
Third, a growing impres
sion that the insurgent troops,
while capable enough in the
defensive or guerrilla warfare,
are disorganized and not dis
ciplined for aggressive war
fare such as the siege of Ha
vana will be.
Taking it for granted that
within a few weeks Spain
will have yielded, after hav
ing lost the Philippines, Porto
Rico and Cuba, Congressmen
are busily engaged in dispos
ing of the several islands in
this way:
Cuba is to be handed over
to the insurgents, as a free
and independent State.
The Philippines to be re
tained by the United States
for their commercial as well
as strategic value.
Forto Rico will be kept by
Uncle Sam for a coaling sta
tion, which we have so long
coveted in the West Indies.
SPAIN'S NAVY MUST
BE ANNIHI'ATED.
With This Accomplished It Is Be
lieved Enduring Peace Will
Come.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— It is hard
to tell whether the naval officers were
relieved or disappointed by the news
that came late this afternoon to both
the Navy and State departments to the
affect that the Spanish flying squadron
had arrived at Cadiz, Spain. The safety
of the Oregon from attack is now com
pletely assured and the way is clear
for military operations in Cuba, with
out running the risk of having the oc
cupying army's line of communication
cut off. On the other hand it is be
lieved that no enduring peace can be
secured until the Spanish navy has
been destroyed, and it now appears
that to do this our sailors must make
up their minds to go after the Span
ish, a task very much more difficult
than that of meeting them near our
own shores.
It was suggested by some of the
members of the War Board that there
was Just a possibility that the Spanish
squadron might take a quick passage
into the Pacific through the Suez canal
and attack Dewey at Manila. It is
said that, contrary to the common un
derstanding, the Suez canal is open to
the warships of belligerent powers, and
that if the Spanish choose to take this
course they will have a long start
of any pursuing fleet from our side of
the Atlantic. It is scarcely believed,
however, that the Spanish are willing
to take the great risk of exposing to
our attack their own home ports by
the withdrawal of so considerable a
proportion of their naval strength as
would be required to overmatch Dewey.
Nothing was heard from Sampson to
day, but there is a confident expecta
tion that interesting news will be com
ing from his squadron within the next
twenty-four hours. Whether this means
an attack on Porto Rico or not can
not be learned.
One effect of the retreat of the Span
ish fleet has been to hasten even mora
the preparations already under full
headway for the dispatching of mili
tary expeditions to Cuba. It also has
caused a complete change in the con»
centration plans. Time is now be
lieved to be the great factor. There
Is no longer any opportunity to indulge
in extensive drilling and- practice ma
neuvering. The regular army troops
do not need these and are to be thrown
at once into the fray.
- Many of the regiments of the Na
tional Guard which are entering the
yolunteer service are felt to be suffi
ciently trained from a military point of
view to follow the regulars immedi
ately, and the department indicated its
purpose to-day of dispatching these
volunteer troops to the gulf coast for
shipment Instead of sending them to
Ch ickamauga.
This disposition was shown by the
changes In the new orderß issued to the
troops, although there may be a return
to the original programme of concen
tration if the plans show signs of weak
ness as they develop. The quartermas
ter-general has already got under
charter 27 merchant steamers for the
transportation of the troops, and,
roughly speaking, these should carry
about 20,000 men. Others are being pro
cured as rapidly as possible.
The plan of the War Department Is
to have these vessels assemble at the
different gulf ports, Tampa, Mobile, New
Orleans and Galveston, to take on
troops which will be sent there. The
Navy Department Is expected to fur
nish convoys to the transports, which
would be absolutely helpless against
Spanish attack. At this point there are
signs of friction. First the transports-)
will be obliged to await Admiral Samp- I
eon's return in order to secure proper !
c nvoy, and secondly, the navy objects
very decide* 1 *- to undertaking the task
of convoying s. number of transports.
It insists that to assure the safety of
the convoy of the troops all the trans- f
ports should be gathered in one fleet
to start from Tampa, and the navy is
likely to prevail in this.
Now that Major-Goneral Sewell has
be<*n assigned to command the concen
tration camp at Falls Church, prepara
tions are beln •• rushed to put the
grounds there into shape for the recep
tion of the volunteers.
NO CONFIRMATION OF
THE RETREAT TO CADIZ.
LONDON, May 10.— There is no con
firmation of the report that the Span
ish fleet from the Cape Verde Islands
has returned to Cadiz, but It is gen
erally regarded as the most likely
movement to be made, and as an indi
cation that Spain has decided to let
her West Indian possessions go.
The question is generally asked:
"What possible use has Spain for con
linuing a hopeless struggle, as it is con
sidered next to impossible that she has
my alternative plan or that the re
reat of the squadron hides some strat
sgic design."
WARRANT FOR
WARDEN AULL
Sacramento's First Blow
for a Pure "Water
Supply.
Prison Official to Be Arrested
at the Instance of Trustee
Paine.
Will Test the Law's Power to Pre
vent the Pollution of m. Stream
by Sewage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 9.— To test the
power of the civil authorities to prevent
the pollution of American River by
sewage from Folsom Prison, a warrant
will be issued to-morrow for the arrest
of Warden Aull. The warrant would
have been issued to-night but for the ab
sence of the District Attorney. It will
be sworn to by City Trustee Paine.
The State Board of Health will join
The Call in its efforts to procure for the
people of Sacramento a remedy against
th£ evil now threatening them. Doctor
Matthews, a member of the State
Board, in speaking of the crusade
against the pollution of the Ameri
can River said to-day:
"I am pleased to see the stand taken
by The Call in this matter of river de
filement. It is a service the people will
some day appreciate, if they do not
now. There is no subject before the
people to-day more vital than this one
involving the purity of the water used
for drinking purposes in municipalities.
I am credibly informed that there are
more cases of typhoid fever in Sacra
mento than have ever been known here
before, and I am not surprised at it,
when such practices prevail as those
described in The Call. The State Board
of Health stands ready to aid in seek
ing deliverance for the people of Sac
ramento from the peril which is threat
ening them."
When asked what remedy he would
apply the doctor answered: "There is
a State statute which covers the ground
and in my opinion should be invoked.
The authorities at Folsom should be
held amenable, and if they have no
means of caring for their sewage, the
Board of Examiners, in conjunction
with the Prison Board, should make
some arrangements whereby the money
could be raised to construct such a sew
age plant as the Warden has recom
mended. There was a bill introduced
at the last session of the Legislature
which failed to pass. This bill, I be
lieve, provided for an appropriation of
$15,000. Now, if it requires that amount
it should certainly be secured in some
way. How can you expect the board to
enforce sanitary regulations against
cities, towns and private individuals,
when the State itself maintains a nui
sance more dangerous than all the oth
ers combined?
"Any citizen can ask the enforcement
of that law I have spoken of, and the
District Attorney of Sacramento would
no doubt gladly see that the law was
enforced if his attention should be
called to it. You may say that the
State Board of Health has declared the
sewage of the prison at Folsom a men
ace to the public health, and whatever
evidence the District Attorney may re
quire will be furnished by. members of
the board."
Frank D. Ryan, the District Attorney
of Sacramento County, when asked if
the law could not be invoked against
the Warden of the prison, replied that
it could, and if any reputable citizen
would bring the complaint he would
prosecute the persons arrested just as
he would any other person charged
with a violation of the law. Mr. Ryan
said he had succeeded in convicting
private citizens of violations of the
section referred to. There had been
one case in the Superior Court where
he had convicted a person for dumping
a dead animal into the American River.
TO COMMAND THE
CONCENTRATION CAMP.
An Indication That General Sewell
Will Accept His Military Com
mission.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Major Gen
eral Sewell has been assigned to com
mand the concentration camp near
Falls Church, Va. This is taken as an
indication that the general has con
cluded to accept his military commis
sion, risking his tenure of office as a
Senator thereby. The order issued from
the War Department to-day reads as
follows:
The following-named officers should be
ordered to report to the adjutant-general
for duty with the troops to go into camp
at Washington, D. C. : Major-General
Sewell and Brigadier-Generals Poland,
Kent. Young, RandaJl, Schwan and J. C.
Bates.
None of the corps commanders have
yet been assigned finally, although the
entire list of commands has been pre
pared. The three civilian major gen*
erals are not to receive such commands,
but are assigned to divisions, Generals
Lee, Wilson and Wheeler going to
Chattanooga for duty and General
Brooke will undoubtedly command one
of the army corps.
The War Department officials ad
mitted to-day that all the regular
troops now at Chickamauga had been
ordered away. They refuse most posi
tively, however, to tell the destination
of the troops, contending that to do so
would be simply to invite attacks by
Spanish naval vessels upon the trans
ports which will convey them.
The volunteers will take up the camps
abandoned by the regulars In Chick
amauga Park. Nine of the new brig
adier generals have been assigned to
duty under Major General Brooke and
will "lick the raw recruits into shape"
at Camp George H. Thomas. They are
Brigadier-Generals Briggs, Compton,
Burt, Sumner, Henry, Lawton, Chaffee
and Davis. Brigadier Schwan, one of
the brigadier-generals assigned to duty
at the Washington concentration camp,
is at present principal aid to Adjutant
General Corbin and has just been pro
moted to the rank of brigadier general.
— ■••
SPANIARDS CELEBRATED
A "GLORIOUS VICTORY."
By the Aid of His Typewriter Blanco
Captured Mobile, Boston, Char
leston and Penescola.
MOBILE, Ala., May 10.— Gustavo D.
Cardenos, a prominent Cuban of this
city, received the following letter from
Havana yesterday, dated April 26:
"The Spaniards are celebrating the
victory of the capture of the four
American ports— Mobile, Boston, Pensa
cola and Charleston. Blanco has given
a very large banquet to the army and
navy. The city is gayly decorated and
thousands of people are in processions.
The city is filled with enthusiasm."
The letter is from a lady friend of
Senor Cardenos. who inquires appre
hensively if the accuants are as al
leged by Blanco.
THE BA3S FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
BIROSEYE VIEW OF THE CITY AND HARBOR OF SAN JUAN, PORTO RICO, WHICH ADMIRAL SAMPSON IS SAID TO BE ABOUT TO ATTACI
The view is from the sea, looking toward the southeast, and shows the Morro, tLa old wall and tons, Witft fhe several batteries of more recent
construction, including the Cabras battery on an island at the right of the entrance to the harbor, lately erected, which is said to mount a number of
new guns of large caliber and long range.
BELMONT'S
OFFER TO
UNCLE SAM
Will Lend a Swift Dynamite
Torpedo Boat During
the War.
The Only Condition Is That the
Patriotic Millionaire Be Placed
in Command.
NEW YORK, May 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Mr.
Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont of New
York has offered to lend the Govern
ment a dynamite torpedo-boat, provid
ed he be permitted to command it dur
ing the war with Spain. His propo
sition was carefully considered this af
ternoon by the Naval Board of Con
struction, and as a result a letter was
submitted to Secretary Long, suggest
ing that the offer was patriotic and
should be accepted. The Secretary's de
cision will be announced within the
next few days.
If the Secretary accepts Mr. Bel
mont's proposition, work will at once
commence on the proposed boat at the
Crescent shipbuilding yard, at Ellza
bethport, N. J. Mr. Nixon, repre
senting the Crescent Shipbuilding Com
pany, explained Mr. Belmont's ideas to
the Construction Board. The boat will
be very similar to the Rodgers, now on
blockade duty in Cuban waters. It
will have a displacement of 150 tons,
will be about 160 feet in length and 10
feet beam, and wlllhave\a draught of
five feet. Its armament will consist
of dynamite guns, built under plans
prepared by Mr. Nixon. These guns
will be able to fire large shells loaded
with high explosives, and it is declared
that no danger will be experienced.
Small charges of powder will be em
ployed, so arranged as to burn slowly
when first discharged and to gradu
ally quicken its consumption In order
to generate a large body of gas with
out shock to the explosive in the pro
jectile. It Is appreciated that consid
erable elevation will have to be given
the guns in order that they may fire a
satisfactory distance.
Mr. Belmont's proposed boat will be
"DEPORT OTIS TO MANILA,"
SAYS THE LOBOR WORLD.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— The prospective appointment of H. G.
Otis as brigadier general of volunteers is regarded by the citizens of
this place generally as one of the worst moves the administration
could possibly make. Otis is not popular here and never has been.
The people of this city know him thoroughly and know that he does
not possess a single qualification which fits him to hold the position.
Organized labor is opposed to Otis to a man. At a meeting of the
County Council, which will be held to-morrow evening, strong resolu
tions will be adopted in relation to Otis' appointment. Senators White
and Perkins will be held personally responsible if Otis is named.
Speaking of Otis' appointment the Labor World, the organ of the
working men of this city, says:
"There has been some talk of Otis being appointed to the position
of military governor 6f Manila. As far as organized labor is con
cerned, this would be a satisfactory appointment, for the labor unions
could then say, with subtle ambiguity, that
"He left his country for his country's good.
"To have authority over a horde of semi-civilized mongrels wbuld
suit the peculiar genius of Otis and afford him a field for the exer
cise of the latent Weyler in his nature. To be able to back up his
authority with cannon is Just what Otis would like. By all means
deport him to Manila."
fast, her speed being twenty-six knots
an hour. This is better than the Rod
gers can do. Mr. Belmont desires to
command her, but he will expect the
navy to place on board a regular blue
jacket crew and an executive officer
who will be an officer of the service.
He believes that the boat will be use^
ful either against shore batteries or
against armored ships.
It was estimated by the department
officials to-day that the cost of such a
boat as Mr. Bolmont proposes to con
struct will be in the neighborhood or
$100,000. Hi 3 proposition specially
states that he does not intend to give
the vessel to the Government, but will
lend it during the existence of the war
between the United States and Spain.
DRUNKEN SPANIARD
AT MARE ISLAND.
Wants to Visit the Yard, but Con-
eludes It Would Be Better
Not.
VALLiEJO, May 10.— A drunken I
Spaniard, claiming to be an American i
citizen, who expressed a loud desire to |
enlist in the United States navy and !
indulged in lower asides to the effect j
that the Spaniards were a brave peo- :
pie, created a disturbance on the |
Southern Pacific wharf this afternoon ,
by his Insistence in a purpose to go
across to the navy yard. A Jack tar,
who cheerfully drank with the Span
lard in the saloon at the end of the
wharf, succeeded flnall- in discourag
ing the Spaniard in his purpose, but
not until there had been an exchange
of strong language and a rather too
free use of the ugly little word "spy"
to please the man of Spanish extrac
tion.
SEEKS TO WED
AN AGED MAN
Redding Widow Foiled
by a Pastor Engaged
to Officiate.
Prospective Groom a Former
Jurist Now Feeble in Mind
and Body.
Letters of Guardianship Applied For
by a Friend to Thwart Alleged
Schemers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, May 10.— Judge Chauncey
A. Horr, 71 years of age and a para
lytic, a few years ago came into pos
session of a small fortune in Bloom
ington, Illinois. The income from his
property was sent to him by Eastern
relatives through Judge Aaron Bell of
this city. The aged man was boarding
and lodging at the home of Mrs.
Chance, a widow living on California
street in this city.
A few days ago Judge Bell got word
from his client's relatives In the East
that a deed had been placed on record
in Bloomington, transferring title to
nineteen acres of valuable land, the
consideration being "love and affec
tion." Upon receipt of this informa
tion Judge Bell at once applied for let
ters of guardianship on the ground of
his client's incompetency.
On Monday night, while Judge Bell's
petition was still pending in court, City
Attorney Braynard, the notary who
had certified the gift deed, went to the
County Clerk's office and procured a
marriage license for Judge Horr and
Mrs. Chance from Clerk Cunningham,
who had been absent from the office
and knew nothing of the application
for guardianship. When County Clerk
Drynan returned he at once notified his
deputy of the true state of affairs.
Clerk Cunningham hurried to the home
of Mrs. Chance to forbid the cere
mony. He found that Rev. J. B. Hart
sough, an aged man, had been sum
moned to officiate at the wedding, but
had refused to proceed when he saw
the helpless condition of the prospec
tive groom. Judge Bell arrived later
and took his client away from the
Chance house.
The affair has created a sensation
here and an investigation is now under
way. ______________ _____
STEAMSHIP BRATZBERG
STILL A WAR PRIZE.
Case of the Norwegian Vessel Will
Be Settled Without Interna
tional Complications.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 10.— The Nor
wegian steamer Bratzberg, which ar
rived this morning under the convoy of
the Mangrove, is still a prize of war,
pending the decision of the United
States on the question. The affair
bears many features of resemblance to
that of the French steamer Lafayette,
but, like that case, it will be settled
without any international complica
tions.
About two weeks ago the Bratzberg
bound from Progreso, Mexico, for Ha
vana with 800 head of cattle, was
warned off the Cuban coast by the
blockading fleet. She put into this
port and remained a couple of days,
when she sailed, ostensibly for New
York to find a market for the cattle.
She was piloted out of this harbor
April 27, and was not seen again until
yesterday morning, when the gunboat
Newport sighted her about twenty-five
miles off Havana. Captain Tilley
knew she had once been warned out,
and, observing that she was floating
easy and with cattle pens apparently
empty, he hailed and boarded her. Cap
tain Thorson stoutly denied that he
was attempting to slip past the block
ade, but he cou!d not satisfactorily ex
plain the disposition of his cargo and
was sent in under the Mangrove's es
cort.
NEW YORK, May 11, 12:80 a. m.— The
Norwegian steamer Bratzbenr. brousrht
in here yesterday, will be released.
United States District Attorney Strip
ling said to-night that she could not be
held.
OFHCERS WHO ARE
PHYSICALLY DISQUALIFIED.
Some Accepted by Special Dispensa
tion, but They Cannot Expect
Pensions.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The War
Department officials to-night authorized
the statement that no orders have been
issued to mustering officers directing
that they accept all regimental officers
of volunteer troops appointed by Gov
ernors of States, regardless of physical
disabilities. In a few cases, where
Governors were particularly anxious to
commission certain officers who ordi
narily would be rejected on the ground
of physical disability, the mustering of
ficers have been instructed to accept
the services of the officers; but In each
case a special dispensation has been re
quired and a special notation of the dis
ability has been made for the benefit
of the Government. Hereafter it will
be difficult for the officers so accepted
to secure a pension, as they will have
to show clearly that the disability for
which the pension may be asked Was
due to their service in the present war.
War Department officials are very
much averse to the acceptance of any
men or officers who are not perfectly
sound physically and the exceptions
that have been made were in the face
of protests of the department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All Spring Humors
Indicate Impure Blood and Are
Cured by Hood's Sarsaparllla.
Bolls, pimples, eruptions, as well as
the worst cases of sorofula, salt rheum,
blood poison, hip disease, etc., are
promptly cured by Hood's Sar9aparllla,
which thoroughly purifies the blood. It
cures dyspepsia, malaria and that tired
feeling and builds up the system won-
derfully.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine, $1; blx for $5.
HOOD'S PILLS cure all Liver Ills. ii> cents
I f Ilk ML 71 f i¥ p WEI
* » A society lady in a busy Connecticnt town recounts an extremely
trying experience. "I have suffered, '' said she, "about everything possible
from weak stomach and chronic constipation, and many a night have had to sit
In bed. propped up with pillows and get what sleep I could that way. . I could
act lie down; if I did I would feel a terrible choking sensation which made me
gasp for breath. Everything seemed to ferment \ the moment it got into my |
(tomaoh, and often I felt bloated and generally miserable. * '< Since I began using
I PANS T ABU *
I have been so greatly relieved thet I fully believe they will soon cure me
entirely^
, v '-' ADVERTISEMENTS.
grand'stock
HAND o l IM
. -Of—
Spring and Summer
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Shirts, Etc.,
KAll the Newest Ideas
At Low Prices.
tftIiLLoUMLU.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
LOS ANGELES AND SACRAMENTO.
OAWSON CITY DIRECT!
CUT RATES.
THE YUKON COMMERCIAL CO.'Sf Fast Sailing
S. S. CHETCO
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO MAY 17.
Lowest Passenger and Freight Oat Rates.
Apply at once to
J. G. McCALL & CO.,
Agents, 46 Market St.*
One block from Ferry.
FOR THE
GOLD FIELDS OF ALASKA!
THE FAST Al BARK HUNTER
Will leave San Francisco for St. Michael
May 16.
The Hunter Is pronounced by marine sur-
veyors as among the safest and swiftest ves-
sels sailing out of San Francisco.
Low rates of insurance.
For special rates, passenger and freight, to
St. Michael and Dawson City, apply to
H. D. LOMBARD & CO.,
16 California street, San Francisco.
000000000000000003
%rji* PALACE ***%
% GRAND HOTBLM*
q SAN FRANCISCO, q
. Connected by a covered passageway- _
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohod. ~
© AU. UXDEH OX* MAXAOBiIB^r ©
O NOTE THE PRICES: O.
O European Plan. Sl. 00 per day and upward n
w American Plan. B*3. OO per day mad upward
G Corre.ToniJrn.-,- Solicited. O
O JOHN C. KIEKFAT3ICK, Manager. O
00000000000000 0 OO Q
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac . and specific tonic
for, the sexual and urinary organs ' of both,
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tho
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its- own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MCNULTY:
rPHIS y.-E[,LKXOWX and reliable or.n
X Spctla!lBtc«r«?i I'rlvate.XervousJtloortknd Sklu
Diseases of Men only. Maul v Power restored Over
j 20 .rears' experience. Send for Book, free, l'wtlents
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, to 3
daily;C::iO tr»S.:)OcVjrs. Siir.diiys. 10 to 12. Connulta*
: uonfreeaad siicredlyconfldeutia'. oraddress
P. ROSCOE McSJIIiTT, 31. »..
ac.^ Kiaini Street. San rranciuo. fvtX
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated.' KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to II 60 day
J5 to 18 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night. IREGULARS
ORDERED TO
THE SOUTH
Troops Being Concentrated
for the Invasion of
Cuba.
General Miles Will Superintend the
Embarkation and May Lead
the First Expedition.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 10.
By Friday morning the commanding
general of the United States army,
Major General ? tiles, will have assem
bled his staff around him at Tampa,
Fla. He leaves Washington to-morrow
night, taking with him Colonel Mich
ler, Colonel Maus, Colonel Greenl^af,
Major Osgood, Major Humphreys, Cap
tain Seyburn and Captain Scott. Only
one member of the staff. Captain Davis,
•will remain ; t headquarters and he
•will follow the general within two or
three days or as soon as he can turn
over the care of the business at army
headquarters to an officer to be desig
nated for that duty. Unless plans are
changed the r neral will go with the
first military expedition force to Cuba,
He is not expected to relieve the ma- i
jor generals already selected for the
conduct of the campaign, b" both in
Florida and in Cuba will exercise the
same general superintendence over the
campaign that h now does from his
headquarters in Washington.
.he arrangements for the move upon
Cuba are being hastened with such en- |
ergy that it is evident to any observer
that the beginning of the campaign is
imminent. It is expected here that
within a week the first troops will be
on their way from the United States to
Cuba. The only delay will arise in the
difficulty of securing the necessary
number of transports and the Quarter
master's Department is making great
efforts to assemble a sufficient number
of these ships at the gulf ports in time
to receive the troops, who are even now
on their way there. Orders have been
given for 10.0 CO hammocks to be fur
nished for the army and to be de
livered, beginning immediately, within
the next fortnight. Experts have re
ported that a hammock Is an absolute
necessity in a Cuban campaign. It is
the only means to escape the vermin
which otherwise make sleep Impossible
to the soldier and it is the only way he
can escape the fatal moisture of the
damp, rich soil.
Engineers from the War Department
met in the neighborhood of Falls Church
and located definitely the great camp
upon which will be concentrated from
36,000 to 40,000 United States troops
within the next week or two. This
tract embraces about 1400 acres of
splendid land, well watered and wood
ed, and will afford accommodations for
all the soldiers comprised within the
President's first order.
Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn to
day chartered about thirty ships, with
a capacity for 25,000 men. They are to
be used to convey troops to Cuba and
the Philippines.
The following is a list of vessels
which have been chartered by the War
Department to be used as transports
to Cuba and the Philippines and for
other purposes: Mallory line— San Mar
cos Conchi, Rio Grande and Leona;
Ward line— Vigilance, Seguaranca, Ori
zaba, Yucatan, Seneca, Saratoga, San
Diego, City of Washington and Man
teo- Miami Steamship Company—Mat
tewan; William P. Clyde & Co.—Cher
okee and Iroquois; Oceanic Steamship
Company — Australia; Pacific Mail
Steamship Company— City of Sydney.
It is understood at the War Depart
ment that important changes are con
templated in the points of moblizing
th ■ volunteer army. Fewer troops than
contemplated w. - be sent to Chicka
mauga, it being the desire of the de
partment to concentrate them further
south. Many of the Western troops
originally intended for the East will be
•sent to California, and general changes
may be made in the scheme of mobil
ization.
TAMPA, Fla., May 10.— The Gussie
sailed for Cuba shortly after 1 p. m.
with two companies of United States
troops.
At 1 p. m. orders came for the de
parture of the Gussie, and shortly after
?he cast loose from her moorings and
started on her long Journey south a
large crowd of soldiers had gathered on
the docks to see their comrades depart,
and as the beat steamed slowly away
hearty chefrs were sent after the for
tunate boys in blue on her decks.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK
(Ga ) May 10.— Major-General Brooke,
commanding the United Stat# regular
provisional army corps at Chickamauga
Park, to-day received orders from the
War Department directing him to send
all the cavalry and infantry troops now
in camp at Chickamauga Park, about
6000 in all, to Tampa, Fla., without de
lay.
The order is accompanied with In
structions to provide the men with a
full supply of ammunition for sixty
days. There are five regiments of in
fantry now in camp — the Second, Sev
enth, Eighth, Twelfth and Sixteenth —
all of which are ordered to Tampa un
der command of Colonel Guy V. Henry
and Colonel A. R. Chaffee.
Two regiments of cavalry— the Third
and Sixth— will at once proceed to
Tampa under General S. S. Sumner.
These troops will march from the park
to Ringgold to-morrow afternoon and
take the Western and Atlantic train
at that point. The distance Is about
eight miles and it has been decided
that this march could be relieved by
the Chattanooga, Rome and Southern,
po that they could move the infantry
with more dispatch.
The Second Cavalry, under Colonel
Hunt, has been ordered to Mobile, and
they will march to Rossville and be
loaded on the Southern at that point.
The First and Tenth cavalry will go
to New Orleans under command of the
senior officer, Colonel Baldwin, march
ing to this city and taking the Ala
bama Great Southern here to-morrow
afternoon.
All regiments began preparations to
move to-night, and by morning it is
expected each regiment will be ready
to move. General Brooke and staff
remain here to assist in the organi
sation of the volunteer army, should it
*be ordered here. The signal corps has
also been ordered to remain here until
further orders.
The medicel corps of each regiment
was to-day provided with medical sup
plies for sixty days. The medical force
la .to be Increased from fifteen to
[ twenty-five men as soon as the regl
! ments have been increased to their war
: strength. All recruits will be ordered
! to report to Tampa, New Orleans and
i Mobile. A large number arrived to
day and were provided with the neces
sary equipments.
There will be very little delay In
transporting the troops, all the rail
roads having provided the necessary
cars in expectation of hurry orders. Th«>
loading of the supply trains began this
afternoon and a number are ready foi
shipment.
The Second and the Seventh Infantry
will leave in the morning at 6 o'clock,
and the Eighth and Sixteenth Infantry
to-morrow afternoon. The Twelfth may
not get off until Saturday morning.
Owing to the unexpected orders to
move received to-day General Brooks
made a hurried reorganization of the
infantry forces, annulling a division
heretofore formed.
An order immediately followed form
ing the Fifth, Twelfth and Sixteenth
regiments of infantry into a brigade
to be commanded by Colonel Guy V.
Henry, Fred A Smith, assistant adju
tant general, and Lieutenant Stafford
of the Eighth Regiment, brigade quar
termaster. This brigade is ordered to
proceed at once, "fully equipped for
field service, to Tampa, and report to
the general commanding at that point."
The same order also formed the Seo
ond and Seventh Infantry into a bri
gade. Brigadier General A. R. Chaffee
in command, who is also ordered to
proceed as early as possible with hia
brigade to Tampa.
The quartermaster's department has
been completely overrun during the af
ternoon, as each regiment commander
had been ordered to report at once as
to the number of men in each com
mand, estimates of their necessities,
etc.. for sixty days' rations, ammunnl
nltion, supplies, etc., so that these
might be issued without delay.
Quartermaster General Lee stated to
night, however, that he has everything
in his department in readiness for the
departure of the troops at once. In re
ply to a query to-night Adjutant Gen
eral Sheridan stated that before Fri
day night all the troops will have been
moved south;
DEWEY'S FLEET WINS
A VERY RICH BOUNTY.
By the Destruction of the Spanish
Vessels About $187,000 Is Se
cured for Distribution.
NEW YORK, May 10. — A dispatch to
the Times from Washington says:
Rear Admiral Dewey and his men will
not have been fully rewarded for the
victory at Manila when they receive
the thanks of Congress and the medals
ordered to be struck for them. Under
the law they have become entitled to a
rich bounty. Unless the numerical im
portance of the fleet of Admiral Montijo
has been overestimated and its losses
overstated, the officers and men of the
Asiatic squadron will be entitled to
share among themselves something like
$187,000 bounty money.
According to the reports from Manila,
the Spanish fleet destroyed by the
Americans consisted of ten or eleven
cruisers, gunboats and torpedo-boats,
with crews amounting in all to 1872
men. At $100 for each man of the Span
ish naval force, accr/rding to the bounty
law, the amount to be divided among
the American sailors will be $187,200.
The $187,200 will be distributed to the
fleet under section 4631 of the Revised
Statutes, relating to prize money. Ad
miral Dewey will get one-twentieth of
PRAYERS FOR PEACE AND
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The Archbishops of the Catholic church In
the United States have agreed upon a letter addressed to the clergy
and laity of the country. The letter bears on the war with Spain and
will be read in all the churches on Sunday. It is indorsed by Mgr.
Martinelli, the Apostolic Delegate, and is as follows:
"To the Clergy and Laity of the Catholic Church of the United
States — Greeting: The events that have succeeded the blowing up of
the battle-ship Maine and the sacrifice of 266 innocent victims— the pa
triotic seamen of the United States— have culminated in war between
Spain and our own beloved country.
"Whatever may have been the individual opinions of Americans
prior to the declaration of war, there can now be no two opinions as
to the duty of loyal Americans. A resort to arms was determined
upon by the executive of the nation with the advice of both houses
of Congress and after consultation with his Cabinet officers, but not
until every effort had been exhausted to bring about an honorable
and peaceful solution of our difficulties with Spain. The patient
calmness, the dignified forbearance, the subdued firmness of Presi
dent McKinley during the trying time that intervened between the
destruction of the Maine and the declaration are beyond all praise
and should command the admiration of every true American. We,
the members of the Catholic church, are true Americans, and as
such are loyal to our country and our flag and obedient to the high
est decrees and the supreme authority of the nation.
"We are not engaged in a war of section against section, or of
State against State, but we are united as one man against a foreign
enemy and a common foe. If, as we are taught by our holy church,
love of country is next to love of God, a duty imposed upon us by all
laws, human and divine, then it is our duty to labor and to pray for
the temporal and spiritual well being of the brave soldiers who are
battling for our beloved country. Let us faithfully beg the God of Bat
tles to crown their arms on land and sea with victory and triumph,
and to stay unnecessary effusion of blood, and speedily to restore
peace to our beloved land and people.
"To this end we direct that on and after the receipt of this circular
and until the close of the war every priest shall, in his daily mass,
pray for the restoration of peace by glorious victory for our flag. We
also direct that prayers for the brave soldiers and sailors that fall in
battle may be said every day after mass. These prayers shall be
said aloud with the people, and shall be, 'Our Father" and one 'Hail,
Mary' and the 'De Profundis."
"We pray that God may bless and preserve our country In this
great crisis and speedily brine victory, honor and peace to all our
people."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
VICE-ADMIRAL MONTIJO.
MONTIJO SAID
TO HAVE BEEN
PUT TO DEATH
Report That the Spanish Adn)iral
Was SlaiQ by the Populace
of Manila.
LONDON, Mst 10.— A special dispatch from Shanghai says it is re
ported there that Admiral Montijo, the commander of the Spanish
fleet, who escaped from Cavite by running along the shore to Manila
with his two sons, was killed by the populace of the latter place.
It is added that the hospital of San Rogue. filled with Spanish
soldiers, was set on fire by shells from the Boston and that Sisters
of Charity were killed while removing the wounded.
Massacres are reported to have occurred outside of Manila, the
insurgents butchering even the Spanish women and children.
HONGKONG, May 10.— A fresh example of Spanish treachery seems
to have come to light. It is said here that the priests and Sisters of
Charity of the Cavite hospital, in a procession bearing crosses, etc., pe
titioned Rear Admiral Dewey not to massacre the sick and wounded,
which, naturally, he did not do. The Spaniards, it is asserted, there
upon thanked the Americans for their humanity and repaid them by
informing them of a narrow channel, which, they said, waa not mined,
while the broad channel, they explained, was fully mined. An investi
gation on the part of the Americans, however, revealed the contrary to
be the case and the mines were blown up by the sailors of the Ameri
can fleet.
Roar Admiral Dewey, it is said here, finds the Insurgents growing
dangerous. It is added that he cannot control them, nor can he en
able the Spaniards to do bo. There Is one Japanese warship at Ma
nila.
the whole amount of bounty money
awarded to his command. That will
give him $9300. If he has a floet cap
tain, or what passes for one. the latter
will' have a share of something like
$1800. There will be left to be distrib
uted to the vessels of the fleet, accord
ing to their payrolls, about $175,000.
This will go to seven ships, and in
about the following shares: Olympia,
$45 000- Baltimore. $40,000; Boston, $25.
000- Raleigh, $22,000; Concord, $20,000;
Petrel $12,000; McCulloch, $9000.
To the commander of each single ves
sel there will go one-tenth of the
amount assigned to that vessel. After
the amounts mentioned have been de
ducted, the residue will be distributed
to the lesser officers and seamen of the
ships in proportion to their rates of pay
on the day of the engagement. The
amount to each seaman, it Is believed,
will be in the neighberhood of $50.
GENERAL BLANCO'S URGENT
REQUEST FOR SUPPLIES.
MADRID, May 10.— The Government
Intends to insist that the Cortes sit
continuously until the war measures
are adopted. The Minister of Finance,
! Senor Puigceiver, declared that until
: the credits were voted it was impossl
1 ble to meet the demands for ammuni-
I tion and provisions for Cuba, Porto
j Rico, the Balearic Islands and the
; Canary Islands, or to establish the ne
i cessary stocks of coal.
Captain-General Blanco has cabled
an urgent request for considerable sup
plies of provisions, which the Govern
ment cannot dispatch until the Cortes
have voted the war measures.
The authorities here are greatly con
cerned about the provisions for this
city. It is estimated that the stock of
wheat will be consumed inside of a
month and measures are being taken
to purchase wheat abroad.
WILL DISMISS CHARGES.
Case Against J. J. Lakin and Wife of
San Rafael to Be Dropped.
SAN RAFAEL, May 10.— For reasons
[ best known to himself. District Attorney
Martlnelll intends to dismiss all the
charges in the famous Lakin-Gllleran
controversy. Botfl J. J. Lakin and his
wife were arrested o-n charges preferred
by Mrs. Michael Gilleran, the first for
disturbing 1 the peace and the second for
assault and battery. Mrs. Gilleran also
made an affidavit containing some sensa
tional charges about the alleged brutal
treatment of a partially demented brother
of Mrs. Lakin. With regard to this story,
J. J. Lakin Pays:
"Mrs. Gilleran's story is inspired by
animosity. She rented one of my cot
tages and got in arrears in payment, and
though we let her keep her furniture
stored free of charge for three months
she refused to pay anything, and would
not take the furniture out on demand.
"My wife did not attack the woman,
and simply defended herself against as
sault. I have never carried a pistol, and
never showed one to Mrs. Gilleran. The
Jamison boy has always been treated
well, and I hope this affair will be hushed
up. It is true that he has never been
taken out much, but there are reasons of
a private nature for that."
Lakin's version Is corroborated by his
wife, who insists that Mrs. Gilleran is of
a quarrelsome nature.
Found Dead Near Atlas Peak.
NAPA, May 10.— Bert Moore, a young
farmer, came to Napa this morning and
reported the finding of the body of J. C.
Smith about a mile from Atlas Peak.
Coroner Kyser summoned a Jury and in
vestigated the cause of Smith's death
finding that the deceased had died from
old age and overexertion while ascending
the trail to Atlas Peak. Smith was 79
years old and a native of New Hampshire.
He came to Green Valley, Cal., where he
resided up to within fifteen years ago,
when he moved to Capelle Valley, his
home at the time of death. He was well
known among the pioneers of this county.
Death of a Yolo Resident.
WOODLAND, May 10.— Alvis Abele,
aged 71, died at his home in this county
on Monday night. He was a native of
Germany, but had been a resident of the
United States for nearly half a century.
WAR MEASURES
PROMPTLY PASS
The Senate Authorizes the
Additional Army
Work.
Enlistment of Volunteer Signal
Corps and the Immune
Bill Also Approved.
Postorfiee Appropriation Aggregating
Ninoty-Nlne Millions Finally
Disposed Of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Four war
measures were passed by the Senate
to-day. One of them provided for carry
ing on the additional work in the ad
jutant-general's office; the second au
thorized the enlistment of a volunteer
signal corps, two-thirds of the mem
bers of which must be expert electri
cians or telegraphers; the third was the
so-called "immune bill" passed by the
House, and the fourth was a measure
suspending the existing law so that ad
ditional hospital stewards can be ap
pointed.
The postoffice appropriation bill, car
rying appropriations which aggregate
more than $99,000,000, was passed after
a debate which has lasted for several
days A determined effort was made
by Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina to
cut off the sum appropriated for the
fast mail service between New York
and Washington. Atlanta and New
Orleans to provide for two commit
tees to investigate postal affairs, but
it was unsuccessful, all amendments
except those offered by the Committee
on Appropriations being voted down.
After an extended and interesting de
bate the resolution submitting to the
Legislatures of the various States an
amendment to the constitution of the
United States, changing the date of the
beginning of the terms of the Presi
dent Vice-President and members of
Congress from the 4th of March to tht,
4th of May was adopted.
SPANISH STORY OF
BLOCKADE RUNNING.
From Madrid Comes the Assertion
That the Montserrat Has
Beached Havana.
MADRID, May 10.— A dispatch re
ceived here from Havana this aternoon
says the Spanish steamer Montserrat,
which, with a valuable cargo, troops
and a large sum of money, intended for
Havana, escaped the United States
fleet and entered the port of Cienfue
gos, has again run the blockade of the
American squadron and has entered
the port of Havana in safety. It is
claimed here that this proves that the
blockade of the Cuban ports is inef
fective.
The Spanish mail steamship Mont
serrat, which is alleged to have run
the Blockade at Havana, reached Cien
fuegos on April 27, with 1000 Spanish
soldiers, $500,000 in silver and eighteen
puns of large caliber, in addition to a
very valuable cargo, including a quan
tity of ammunition. The Spaniards
claim the Montserrat was sighted by
an American man-of-war which fired
on her. The mail steamer, it is al
leged, mounting guns as an auxiliary
cruiser returned the fire and eventually
reached Cienfuegos.
So many utterly false reports have
been given out in Madrid recently that
American confirmation of the arrival of
the Montserrat will be required before
the story of the blockade running is
accepted as truth.
SEVERE EARTHQUAKE
SHOCKS IN ECUADOR.
Many Important Buildings Destroyed
in the Towns of Bahia, Chone
; nd Canoa.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett
PANAMA, May 10.— The Herald's
correspondent at Guyaquil, Ecuador,
telegraphs that severe earthquakes
have been felt throughout the country.
The province of Manavi suffered
most, especially in the towns of Ba
hia, Chone and Canoa, where many im
portant buildings were destroyed. The
loss of life was small, although many
were injured.
British Gunboat at Manila.
HONGKONG, May 10.— The British
gunboat Swift will relieve the British
gunboat Linnet at Manila. She will
leave Hongkong to-morrow for the
Philippines.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
vicjgH&~ J i~/^^~s^£' Did ever a w °-
J^ **Pp/~ /^ rf man experience
-—~j4l}' ,^-^K <£?& true happiness
tjS (Yv^^f^'A until she bent
/MV *J&>A^^' over her rosy-
JS^*^ — "^L-W^/ 1 cheeked, sleep-
-*2"'y7 «^— .^ —^'<J_— ing babe, : tired of
fc^^H Sfof^ys.^
er. True happiness fora childless woman is
nature's most emphatic. impossibility. The
world teems with otherwise happy wedded
couples that only need the link of a babe's
divided 5 caresses sto i unite them in mutual
happiness through all eternity. Any woman
may assure herself of happy wifehood, long
life, love, and the great blessing of mother-,
hood, who will I take proper care of her wo-
manly-self, and resort to the right remedy
for weakness* and disease of the delicate
i organs peculiar, to her sex. - ■ ; -i , ;
'; ? The '= best of •- all-known : remedies for the
special weaknesses and diseases from which
; women | suffer :is * Dr. Pierce s Favorite Pre :
scription. It acts: directly and only on the
organs that bear the J burdens of mother^
hood. It. makes them strong and healthy.
Taken during , the expectant , period • it ; ban-
ishes % the '% usual discomforts i and makes
baby's advent easy and almost painless. It
insures a robust ■ newcomer s and.aa; ample
supply of natural nourishment. All good
druggists sell it. ' ' ; :
C; I It <is my heart's ' desire." writes Mrs. M. E-
Jlmpson, P. O. t Box 1 31. Kinderhook. Columbia
Co.. N. V.. "to tell you what Dr. Pierces medi-
cine has done for me. Two years ago I was in a
very bad state. I took nine bottles in all of your
'Favorite Prescription.' 'I; had been married
five years and bad; not had any children. v-X now.
have j a young; son ' one 1 year < old. ;?:{Dr.' Pierces.
Favorite Prescription effected a positive cure —
' words ( cannot | express Imv gratitude for the re-,
lief from the great suffering .I. I so long endured.
1 do not think I should be here to-day had it not;
teen for Dr. Pierces medicines.'! 1 . ,-^.
: Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets regulate the
liver, 6to»ach'flnd!bowtl».tSi
-— ■" **«- -■.... ■ "...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GETTING AHEAD
IN THE WORLD.
No matter who the man is,
where he lives, what he wants
to wear, how much money he
i
has, or how little, there is no
store in America where his
dollars will do him as good :
service as they will here.
This sale still con=
tinues to be another
week of wonders.
OUR : y ■■law
SPECIAL «|)
$9.65 V ]
SUIT LZ.
comprises several \ \ \ \j
hundred of the swellest gar- \ l\ \
merits in Single and Double \V
Breasted Sacks and Three- |
Button Cutaways, shades of 111
Blue, Black, Gray and Browns. _-<£s//i / s
Weaves of Scotch Tweeds, ~ )&?*^
Worsteds, Cheviots and Cassi- *^
meres. Each and every garment is reduced from ;
x its former price of $13. 00.
t^jmmgm^ you'd have your little j
a? 5*5 * V boy look just too cunning
/^iT^Zi^l for anything fit him out
wSsfw^i \ with one of our tasty ;
Midd y Suits >
t'- « \| r A 9 rea^ n^ an Y lines to select
' IBR vTa A great many lines to select
■BT' I from in Checks, Plaids and
J~\ LA neat Brown Mixtures. Ages 4
to 14.
_ — /
Our Fedora, in sll col- / \
ors, Black, Brown, (T^^WSmtrnmßMimmek -
Pear. - Oaro, so,d U «^S^T^
for less than manu-- X^^SP^x^r/ •
faeturer's price. - .. '. ~ ' ■* > *^
'-*" *"' ' " — — ■ :—: — ■ ' . :—: — ; — ■— — . — : : :—: — »>
We carry a complete line of Golf Shirts,
Underwear, Hosiery, Gloves and Handker-
chiefs at prices lower than elsewhere.
S.N.WOOD&CO.,
718 Market Street.
i
34
MUNITIONS
AND MEN TO
LEAVE HERE
Preparations for the Relief
of Admiral Dewey at
Manila.
The Charleston to Leave Before
the End of the Present
Week.
NEW YORK, May 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Relief and reinforcements are to be
sent to Admiral Dewey as fast as steam
can carry them.
As Spain has no more naval vessels
In the place it has been decided that it
•will not be necessary to escort the
transports and supply vessels with a
naval vessel, and accordingly the
cruiser Charleston is to be dispatched
at once, leaving the other vessels with
troops and supplies to follow as soon
as they can be made ready.
The Charleston, in addition to carry
ing a full supply of ammunition for
her own guns, will carry a large quan
tity in boxes for the ships of -Admiral
Dewey's squadron now in Manila Bay.
She will also carry a full complement
of men for her own crew and a large
number of blue jackets and marines to
fill out the crews on the other vessels.
With the men she will take out Admiral
Dewey will probably be able in an
emergency to land over 1500 men,
though it is not expected that he will
attempt any land operations before the
arrival of troops, unless it should be
absolutely necessary.
It is the intention of the Navy De
partment to get the Charleston to sea
before the end of the present week, and
she will steam as rapidly as possible
all the way across. She is to stop at
Honolulu for coal, and if she should
average twelve knots an hour all the
way across and allow two full days for
coaling she ought to arrive at Manila
Bay in twenty-six days after leaving
San Francisco. She may be able to
make better time than this.
The military and supply expedition
will not be able to get away so quick
ly as the Charleston.
Secretary Alger to-day chartered the
steamer Australia of the Oceanic line
at a cost of $20,000 per month, and the
steamer City of Sydney of the Pacific
Mail line at a cost of $1000 a day.
These vessels are to be used as trans
ports, carrying in their freight space
SENSATIONAL BREAK
IN WHEAT PRICES.
Rapid Fall on the Chicago Board of
Trade, Followed by a Quick
Recovery.
CHICAGO, May 10.— The feature of to
day's wheat market was the sensational
break and recovery in July. New high
price records were made in both the May
and July, at $1 S5 and $125 respectively,
bat it was the break that caused the ex
citement. It was an excited, uncertain
market, with price quotations a cent
apart for the same delivery in. various
parts of the pit for nearly an hour after
tne opening.
Selling was more conspicuous than the
buying the conditions of the previous day
being reversed. From $1 25 July worked
back to $1 16. from which point a -enuine
panic carried prices down 1 and 2 cents
at a clip to $105. Purchases of wheat
were made at this price, although $1 u>
was the low price generally quoted. The
top price for May wheat was made on the
purchase of 25,000 bushels, said to repre
sent part of the Lindblom business which
had not been transferred. The move
ments of May and July were not closely
allied May never sold below the opening
figure, $173, and closed at the top price,
$1 85 The offerings of the July break were
from all directions, and Leiter brokers
were said to be bidding for September at
the time the July break started. At $1 06,
which was the price of calls, the market
turned and worked back to a close at *i 14.
There were no failures to clear n the
morning, although the action of Leiter in
furnishing financial assistance was no
doubt responsible for the prevention of
at least one failure. Leiter reported sales
of 150 000 bushels abroad In small lots.
ST 'LOUIS, May 10.— July wheat broke
14 cents a bushel about an hour before the
close of the regular market to-day It
was the biggest drop in the price of wheat
that has occurred since Civil \\ ar times.
One of the wildest scenes ever witnessed
on tho floor of the exchange resulted. The
decline represented tremendous losses to
many of the traders, and they became
panic stricken. From $1 14% the price
dropped to $1 00»£. May, September and
December followed July wheat in its de
cline There was little trading in each of
these options, and their decline was not
so sharp.
Just before the close of the session a
reaction set in and July slowly rose to
$106, the final figure for the day. May
showed no change from yesterday, while
July was !V>e, September 43; c and Decem
ber I%C lower than yesterday.
TRAGIC DEATH OF
CHARLES T. HAVEMEYER.
Although He Shot Himself a Coro
ner's Jury Returned a Doubt
ful Verdict.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Charles F. Have
meyer, son of the late Theodore Have
meyor, committed suicide last night at
his home in Koslyn, L. I. He shot him
self through the brain. Mr. Havemeyer
was 35 years of age and leaves a widow
and two children. No motive for the
suicidal act is known.
Havomeyer had been to New York dur
ing the day and had seen several friends.
Shortly before the shooting he had been
playing with his boy, apnrently in his
usual good spirits. There has been noth
ing in his manner that would lead to a
suspicion th.it his act was premeditated.
The Coroner's jury rendered a veruict
that Havempyer came to his death by
the discharge of a pistol in his own hands,
and that there was no evidence to show
that it was not accidental.
NOW RELEASED FROM
MATRIMONIAL BONDS.
Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett, the
Novelist, Secures a Divorce From
Her Husband.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Judge Hagner
late this afternoon signed a decree grant
ing Frances Hodgson Burnett, the novel
ist, a divorce from Dr. S. M. Burnett, a
■well-known oculist of this city. She is
permitted to resume her maiden name of
Hodgson.
supplies and ammunition for the expe
dition.
Secretary Long has also given the
crew and passenger space of the City
of Peking, chartered by the Navy De
partment, for troops. This vessel will
carry as freight supplies for the navy
and repair material for ships. The
plan of fitting her up as a machine
shop has been abandoned, as Admiral
Dewey's dispatches indicate that It
would not be necessary-
These three vessels can easily carry
the entire military force of something
over 5000 men, which will be sent out
together with the field guns and horses
for the cavalry and artillery. There
will be no unnecessary delay in getting
them started, and they will steam as
fast as possible all the way across, but
it is probable that it will be more than
a month from the present time before
they are in Manila Bay ready to ef
fect a landing under cover of Admiral
Dewey's guns.
The commander of the Charleston
will make arrangements at Honolulu
to have coal and fresh provisions ready
for the troops when they arrive at that
port, so that there need be little de
lay there.
The troops, which are to be command
ed by Major-General Merriam, are now
being concentrated at San Francisco,
and Commissary-General Eagan has
given orders for 1,000,000 rations which
will be ready for shipment at San
Francisco within the next three days.
Should subsequent dispatches from
Admiral Dewey indicate the necessity
of sending more than 5000 men to Ma
nila additional troop ships will be
chartered at once and they will be sent
after the first detachment as soon as
possible.
What the admiral needs most of all
at this time, however, is ammunition,
and it is for this reason that the
Charleston is to be sent ahead of troop
ships. There is no uneasiness on the
part of the authorities as to Admiral
Dewey's ability to hold his position in
the harbor of Manila indefinitely with
his present force, but it is realized that
if he should have to undertake any
operations for the protection of the
•city against either the natives or the
Spaniards he would need more ammu
nition.
ATTACK UPON A SHASTA
COUNTY STAGE DRIVER.
Badly Wounded in a Fight With a
Stranger Upon the Top of His
Coach.
REDDING, May 10.— "Billy" Conery, a
driver on the Redding and Bieber stage
line, drove into town this morning with
his face powder burned and bleeding and
with a most extraordinary story to tell
in explanation. In front of the Corbin
farmhouse on Churn Creek, about three
miles east of this city. Conery heard a
noise behind him, as though some one
were crawling on top of the stage. The
driver thought the strange noise was
made by «a passenger and paid no atten
tion to it at first.
The noise recurring caused Conery to
turn his head, and as he did so he was al
most blinded by the flash of a revolver.
Two more shots followed in rapid suc
cession. Conery fought back with the
butt end of his whip. His unknown as
sailant dropped off the roar boot of the
stage into the bed of Churn Creek and
disappeared.
One. shot knocked out two of Conery's
teeth and tore into the roof of his mouth.
The ball dropped down and was spat out
by the injured man. The second ball cut
his upper lip and the third just grazed his
cheek. He was badly powder burned.
There is an air of mystery about the
matter that is puzzling to the officers.
Conery is a man of family.
DEATH CLAIMS THE
DUKE OF ST. ALBANS.
Was Hereditary Grand Falconer of
England and Captain of the Yeo-
men of the Guard.
LONDON, May 10.— William Aubrey de
Vere Beauelork, tenth Duke of St. Albans,
hereditary Grand Falconer of England
and Captain of her Majesty's Yeomen of
the Guard, is dead. He was born in IS4O.
William Amelius Aubrey de Vere Beau
clerk, tenth Duke of St. Albans, was born
April 1, IMO, succeeding to the title in
1843. He was educated at Eton and at
Trinity College, Cambridge. He was Lord
Lieutenant and a county Alderman of
Notts, Hereditary Grand Falconer, Hered
itary Registrar of the Court of Chancery,
a Deputy Lieutenant of Lincoln County
and honorary colonel of the First Notts
Rifle Volunteers (Robin Hood's); was cap
tain of her Majesty's Yeomen of the
Guard, 1573-74. He married Sybil, daugh
ter of the late General Charles Grey, In
1567, by whom he had three children, one
son and two daughters. His first wife
died in 1871 and in 1574 he married Grace,
daughter of the late Ralph Bernal-Os
borne, member of Parliament of Newton
Annex, County Tipperary, Ireland. By
this wife he had two sons and three
daughters. The family motto is, "A
pledge of better times."
NOGALES IN FEAR
OF AN INDIAN RAID.
DENVER, May 10.— A special to the
News from Nogales, Ariz., says: "Word
was received in Nogales from Fort
Huachuca that 100 Indians, composed of
Apaches, Papagoes and Taquis, had
banded together and were moving in the
direction of Nogales. The Citizens' Home
Guard and Company C of the Arizona
militia were immediately notified. The
streets were patrolled all night, and
guards were stationed on the surrounding
hilltops to give warning of the approach
of the Indians. No disturbance occurred
during the night, but a sharp lookout will
be kept to-day and to-night. Another
company of the Home Guards will patrol
the streets to prevent a surprise similar
to the Yoqui outbreak which occurred a
few nights ago.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
•^ .. w Monday, May 10
Stmr wasntenaw. Groscup; 75 hours > from
Tacotna. ■ ■ - - '.""—.
BAILED.
Stmr We tport.,Hansen. M ° nday ' May 10
% DOMESTIC PORTS.
VMEXDOCTNO-^Arrived ; May 10-Stmr Point
Arena, j hence May. 9. -.->>•■=, ;■■; ;.-= - * "r
: , TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. - '
; : QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved . May '. 10-Stmr Teu
tonic, .from JNew 1 York ; for Liverpool. r^
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
GROWTH OF
THE REVOLT
IN ITALY
The Government Seems to
Be Unable to Cope With
the Situation.
Rebels Are Besieging Milan and
There Are Frequent Clashes
in Provincial Towns.
LONDON, May 11.— The Milan cor
respondent of the Daily News, tele
graphing Tuesday night, says: "I am
unable at this moment to send you
more than a few words. Fresh and
more rigid measures have been adopted
in the censorship of telegrams. Th.c
forced silence is most ominous. Any
official acts of the restoration of order
must be received with all reserve. The
rebels are besieging Milan."
The Rome correspondent of the Times
says: "It is believed that matters are
steadily growing worse. The Govern
ment is clearly unequal to the difficul
ties of the situation and great anxiety
prevails in political circles."
The Rome correspondent of the Daily
News, in the course of a dispatch, a
large portion of which was evidently
suppressed by the censor, says:
"The problem is much wider and
more deeply rooted than the question
whether the Cabinet is to remain or
fall, or whether this or that party is
blamable. The responsibility must be
laid on the system which for a quarter
of a century has ground down the coun
try. The outbreak is an attack upon
the unity of Italy.
"Two Cabinet councils were held to
day, and Ministers were unanimous in
the resolution to stick to their posts
and continue the policy of repression at
all costs. Perfect calm prevails here,
but the patrols of troops continue, and
all gunsmith and cutler shops are clos
ed by special order."
The Daily News publishes a dispatch
from a point beyond the Italian frontier
confirming the censorized telegram
from its Milan correspondent, as to the
fighting at Milan. According to this
communication between 100 and 200
were killed on Saturday, more on Sun
day and still more yesterday (Mon
day). Hundreds are wounded and dy
ing, the new bullet used by the troops
I having tne effect of explosive balls.
* ROME, May 10.— The Italian Cabinet
has decided to recommend to King
Humbert that Parliament be pro
rogued. The police are reported to
have seized correspondence, showing
that the recent riots in different parts
of Italy were the result of a plan of
revolution, but it appears that the
movement broke out prematurely. Mar
tial law has been proclaimed in the
Province of Naples.
The rioting at Naples yesterday was
widespread. It was started by big
I bands of students armed with sticks
and revolvers, who operated in various
quarters. They were soon joined by
others, and stone-throwing became
general. The police frequently charged
\ and dispersed the rioters, who, how
ever, re-formed and overturned horse
cars, with which they attempted to
build barricades in several streets. The
rioters made several attacks upon the
soldiers, using stones and revolvers,
and the troops fired, killing or wound
! ing a number of the rioters. Disturb
ances are also reported from various
points in the Province of Naples.
A state of siege has been proclaimed
in the Province of Florence and at
Livorno, Pisa, Sinea, Massea and
Grosseto, and also in the town of Spez
zia, the naval port of Spezzia being ex
cepted from the decree.
At Messina a crowd of women and
children proceeded to the town hall de
manding food . They were dispersed
by the police and the crowd then began
breaking street lamps and tried to sack
a provision store. The proprietor shot
one of the rioters with a gun, which in
creased the disturbance. Troops are
now occupying the town.
The Premier, the Marquis dl Rudinl,
| has sent a circular to the authorities of
| Milan, Naples and other affected dls
i trlcts and to the commander of the
army corps, declaring that though the
agitation may be spreading, it is less
intense, pointing out that the tranquillity
I of Piedmont, Sicily and Sardinia is a
; factor of the highest importance in
I "discouraging the agitators of disorders
i and encouraging those who are wishing
' to maintain the integrity of the father
land."
Continuing the Premier urges the offi
cials not to harbor exaggerated fears
■ and to avoid constant demands for
I troops/as if the whole army were used,
i it would put the country in a state of
war. The Premier added:
"The senseless agitations show the
existence of unreasoning, aimless
masses, yet the constitution is not en
dangered and will emerge triumphant
through the grievous trials in the midst
of which the fatherland is now pass
| ing."
In conclusion the Premier says all
'' civil and military functionaries are just
'■ "employing inflexible rigor in promptly
j repressing disorder."
LUGANO, Switzerland, May 10.— The
' Italian Socialist Deputy Rondani has
arrived here from Belinzona. He de
clares the Italian revolutionists desire
to found a federal republic like the
Swiss republic.
The riotous demonstration at Luino
began on Sunday. The mob leaders
demanded a reduction in the price of
bread, which the local authorities con
i ceded. To-day the rioters attacked the
! carbineers In their barracks and also
I attacked the prison. The police fired on
the mob, killing several persons and
wounding a number of others.
The workmen of Creva, near Luna,
numbering several thousand, struck
work to-day and a fight occurred with
the cußtoms officers. The Duke and
Duchess of Saxe-Melnlngen weredrlving
to-day through Luino when they found
themselves between the rioters and the
customs officers as the latter fired a
volley. The Duke and Duchess were not
hurt, but a dozen of the rioters fell.
The ducal party returned here at a
gallop.
BERNE, Switzerland, May 10.— The
news of the uprising in Milan has
greatly excited the Italian workmen
who abound in Switzerland. At Lau
sanne this moring 1000 Italian work
men paraded the streets, carrying a red
flag draped with crepe. As the proces
sion passed through the streets the men
sang the "Marseillaise" and cheered for
the revolution. The outbreak at Milan
appears to have been fully organized.
One of the leaders here exhibited a
telegram announcing:
"The^ revolution is triumphant in
Turin. * The city has been turned."
The men who took part in the demon
stration appear to have plenty of
money. Many Italians have started for
the north of Italy in response to a cir
cular bearing the words:
"To the frontier. Let us start for
Italy."
Advices received from Milan to-day
give details of the arrest of 200 rioters
in a monastery there. It appears that
the students from Pavia who joined in
the disturbance entrenched themselves
in the monastery, and while a detach
ment of troops was passing fired upon
them. The military authorities sent
two field guns to the scene, opened fire
on the monastery, made a breach in
its walls and entered the building, but
the students escaped. All the monks
were arrested and they will be im
prisoned previous to being distributed
among the other monasteries of the
order. For the present the monks will
be held at the disposal of the military
authorities.
Forty Thousand Mustered In.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Reports re
ceived at Adjutant-General Corbin's
office up to this morning show that
34,354 men had been mustered into the
volunteer army of the United States.
It is probable, however, that by this
time the actual number mustered is
about 40,000 in round numbers.
MEN
Who treat nature in an unfair way
have to suffer. Then many of them
do not seek relief. They sit down and
get full of gloom and do not try to get
back the old time fire and vigor. That
is more folly than the abuse of nature's
first gifts. Where a helping hand is
held out it should be promtply grasped.
"Hudyan" extends it to all weaklings.
"Hudyan" is the great remedio-treat-
ment of the Hudsonian doctors. Its
grand work is to restore confidence to
men who are afraid of their inability
to do anything and everything that
men
WHO
Are self-respecting may at any time be
called on to accomplish. If you can-
not do a good day's work "Hudyan"
will enable you to. If you are filled
with misery "Hudyan" will make your
life bright and well worth living. Do
you wonder whether this is truth or
not? If you do, is it too much trou-
ble to ask for absolutely free circulars
and testimonials, telling you what has
been done. You will get them at onee —
quite possibly next day. They will
show you the sort of way in which
20,000 people speak of "Hudyan." Why
let your life go farther to
WASTE
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
EEOiJOLLEHMi
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer - outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
'Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, ■ Tennis. Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. - $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping. cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. ;.-*; .-* ; ':', V
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free. . . - ' .
-w*. . An Ideal place for rest,
/17-4- * m j^' . recreation • and ■ health.
"/■^imfl Naturally warm mineral
f~% J Lit LA. water in swimming tank
•*■'"*'•'***• and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private ! ! rig meets
• ■ train at St. Helena, Round
i Vfli* it&tVC trl P- J7 Rates. $10, $12, $14
i jprini:S a —-__
* O W. L. MITCHELL,
Manager, Lidell, Napa
8. F. Asrent, County, Cal. •
F. Y. OWEN. Claus Spreckels Building.
PAKAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,"
Paraiso* stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F., $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
VV n Man a r rer. PamPhlet addre33 *"
P|/ 1 000 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
■ill Oil II A Only * v " hours from S. F. and
VIinUVU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, ~. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of ; mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10. ,
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager. ■ ,
.Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. . Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE. ■ . • .•■ " : - -
HOWARD p£ta nn h gs p.
AIV7 TT 1-%.S\JLJ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
i Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone. .
- Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office, 613
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
; S. ,
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per. week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwln, ; Napa , County, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wick, Slskiyou County, Cal. -. -;*:.*■
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; ■ pic-
turesque : " scenery; mountain walks; :; pure
spring ; water; beautiful drives; pine: groves;
lawns and gardens. ; The best advantages . for
those who ' need to obtain - comfort, rest ' and
health culture In a : short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena, Cal.
HILLSIDE FARM.
■ Fine , spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk; magnificent • location; ~ grand scenery.
Rates, $7 to $9 per ; wek : children, - half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. ; Napa. Cal. ;
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
. Board for summer months; private > family;
croquet grounds large . sunny rooms, '<. billiard
room and - salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HANSEN. ■•...•--■■■■
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of " skin
diseases cured : in marvelously . short time; . kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism ; and stomach
troubles immediately relieved ; ■ rates $10 to $1S
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HAYS, Proprietor, Lake County.
i ; : ] DUNCAN SPRINGS. -
.. Two miles from ;• Hopland; : , unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths ~ fur-
nished :: cottages; terms $10 :to ■ *12 '< per week ;
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL
Proprietor, Hopland, •. Cal. 1 ; "•;.%."..:- .-.-
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities- for comfort and pleasure
new dining-room, - 130 ; ft. * lake t frontage ; - ■• new
stable I and i livery; ,- boating ■ and * bathing i free • i
$8 to $14 per week: round trip, $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. P.. Lake County. Cal.
DEER PARK INN [
(Lake . Tahoe), elevation 6507 . f eeet,'. opens ; June
l.v- Fine = accommodations. '- Cottages . with '; pri-
vate : baths ; and open . fires. it Table ; unsurpassed/
R. R. rates. $13 50; for ROUND TRIP. J. S.
LIBBY, room 1, Flood building, ', San Francisco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
,s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of the NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Roots of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or or the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 300, well
stocked with trout. •
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the home life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have yon.
Campint,' grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable. •
For detailed Information apply ■at Ticket
Office. 666 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California ets.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
;s; s A. .W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts. ,
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager. :■■-,-; > ■ , ■ -, ■ - . :.-■-. ;,.:.?
/ BOATING, FISHING, BATHING.
THE FLAGSTAFF INN.
• First-class family hotel. Bollnas, Marin Co.,
Cal.. $2 per day. Special rates by week or
month. • Telephone. Stage dally from San Ra-
fael connects with N. P. C. R'y, 9:30, from San
Francisco. Gasoline schooner twice a week
from San Francisco.
Agent for schooner, PAUL KEYSER, 206 Clay
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel <an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 60 per
day. : B. ;M. HORTON, Proprietor.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOI IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per week;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars -/rite W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
N. P. C. R. R. TOOALOMA, MARIN 00.
BERTRAND'S HOTEL.
First - class accommodations; ?• reasonable
rates; 1 fishing; bathing:- beautuul drives to
Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
324 Kearny st. '
n \n linnn inrir And ood treat-
*/ -V% u""W Lttft. ment go hand In
11 1 yl| hand at HOTEL - GISELMAN,
v'l Jll Lakeport, Cal. And K ooA treat-
UUUU LlVIi ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
V^^ A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties ; of two or
more: grand , redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seavlew. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars.
SUMMIT SODA
•SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Daily mail. -' Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. . Open June I.' Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co., Cal.
CALAVERAS^BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPERRY, Manager
JAMES M. HUTCHJNGS, Agent, .30 Mont-
gomery street. -_• ••:■ • ■
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry.'. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled ' and refur-
nished. .■■-Water, gas, ' electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, «2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Caliente. Sonoma Co.,
Cal. ■■■■::■-■■ ■.- ■ .--. --. .. , -.. ;..,;. ;; .
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE x COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve; . beautiful
i scenery; ; purest ; r: ; coldest water; good shoot-
; Ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
garden; unexcelled table; home : comforts. L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin P. O. :-.-
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
.- .."'.";- ■-.-•■ Lakeport,' Cal. V. ; . . .
- Situated ; . on . the shore of Clear Lake; . fins
large grounds: . special facilities for families
and children; home : cooking; -boating, -bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. - M.". SCALES. , : .'
J HAN ISB ERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation • 1200 feet. • » Relief- ' for •_. asthmatics.
Fishing, - boating, " hunting - and , swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. Send for circular to - ~
; ; JOHANNISBERG RESORT. ; Napa. ; Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot }In : Lake i County ; : hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, > swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
&*: BURLINGAME, : Proprietors, . Soda Bay.
Kelseyvllle. Lake County. Cal. ■<:-' - ■ -■»■ :■
r summer HoiwEiiFflß/n.;';
V Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class : family re-
sort ; i cottages, tents, hunting , and i fishing; " ar-
tificial lake for boating and "swimming; long
; distance -; telephone ; J campers' return ticket*
$2 SO. V Send ". for circular to ' J. H. t HAESTERS. '
Glen wood, Cal. . .-._._ ,
SPECIAL NOTICE I
THE TAVERN OHTcASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open' for the ' Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST.
'Owing to the favorable weather conditions In
the Shasta region and at. the request of many
patrons The Tavern of. Castle Crag will be
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
June 1, two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement which have characterized this well-
known resort will be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to June
1 should address Mr. George Schonewald. Man-
ager, room 59, Union Trust building, San Fran-
cisco. After above date they should address
him at Castle Crag. Shasta County. Cal. .
A MAGIC_ ISLAND I
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
1 Wild goat • shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc. '.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full Information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlets. ■
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
" Los Angeles. Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations; ■ rates
reasonable. Write - for - illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Situated In the Santa Cruz Mountains on San
Lorenzo River, 2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes
from Santa Cruz: grounds and river lit by
electric lights: tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing and fishing; finest hall and dining-room in
Santa Curz Mts. ; club, billiard and smoking-
rooms. Roman fireplaces. All rooms new,
hard finished and elegantly furnished through-
out. Telephone anil telegraph service In office.
Round trip, 33. Address THOMAS L. BELL,
Prop., South Ben Lomond, or see W. H. MEN-
TON, 613 Market St., San Francisco.
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County* By rail to Red Bluff, 1S»
miles; fare, $6 45; dally stage to springs, 9
miles; fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, , telegraph and postoffica
in hotel; rates, $10 and up; send for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drive*.
KOPKINS & CO.. Proprietors,
Larkspur. Marin County, Cal.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— I 4 miles from Uklah;
charmingly located; *4 mile from the red-
woods; ■ fine fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure cure
far rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
$9 50; terms $1 to $1 50 per, day; best family
board. J. H. ORR. P. 0.. Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
LOW fares to Deer Park Inn! — The most sat-
isfactory, resort and finest troutlng region la
the Sierra Nevada mountains: 6500 feet ele-
vation. Information and booklet at room L
Flood building, San Francisco.
WRITE W. H. MILLER,* Ukiah. for livery ac-
' commodations to springs in Lake and Men-
docino : counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Uklah. for livery
accommodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money. _^___^__
THE
WEEKLY
CMIiL
o/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
"D News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
cJ . PAPER ON THE
2 ' PACIFIC COAST
5 — \ / — '
The Best V ' ; / Mining
') Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /N. Is ■ Accurate-
01 The Coast / up to date
©{ Not a Line of it Sensational ;
'o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX - . Bright, Clean, A Champion of
■_J Thoughtful. Truth.
Of A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 r ALL THE TIME; J
3IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT 8Y
n HOME ; | MAIL, SUM
[gii INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR,Thousands at the Festival
SAN FRANCISCO'S charitable peo
ple flocked in hordes to the Ma
sonic Festival at Mechanics' Pa
vilion yesterday, and all seemed
to be actuated by a desire to add
their silver and gold to tho fund that
will build a home for the homeless
widows and orphans. In the big build
ing out on Larkin street there is much
to see, and when the eyes grow weary
there is music and entertainment to
complete a day of enjoyment. In the
spacious gallery last evening but few
seats were left unoccupied, and as they
are raised to a generous height all that
occurred in the far recesses of the
building may be observed by the pleas
ure seekers.
AROUND PICTURESQUE ROOTHS THE REVELERS GATHERED.
ODD FELLOWS'
GRAND LODGE
Officers Present Their
Reports for Con
sideration.
An Appropriation That Did Not
Sustain the Home at
Thermalito.
Words of Cheer From the Grand
Master— He Predicts a Good
Record for the Year.
The forty-sixth annual session of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows of the State of California
opened yesterday morning in the Assem
bly Hall of the Odd Fellows' building,
with 615 delegates from 349 lodges pres
ent; representing a membership of 30,204
in good standing.
The grand officers are: A. M. Drew,
grand master; Karl C. Breuck, deputy
prand master; W. A. Bonygne, grand
warden; George T. Shaw, grand secre
tary; Moses Greenbaum, grand treasurer:
P. F. Gosbey and J. \V. Warboys, grand
representatives; C. O. Burton. C. W.
Moulthrop. John Glasson, grand trustees;
''harlcs N. Fox, J. F. Thompson. A. F.
Jones, G. H. Morrison and S. B. Smith,
trustees of the I. O. O. F. Home; A. F.
Hitchcock, grand chaplain; M. G. Gill,
grand marshal; S. F. Davidson, grand
conductor; Ed M. Silvey, grand guardian.
and M. P. Forbes, grand herald.
The reports of the grand master, grand
secretary and grand treasurer were pre
sented and referred to the committee on
distribution. These show that during the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m fliPPYninMPf
11A1 1 1 UlllJ lillili
Men Wtio Have Preservea
t~ HAPPYOLD MEN
| Men Who Have Preserved
Vitality is such a boon! It
\^^^^o^^M makes a man happy because it
iS^Pftl fills his heart with gladness, his
fe r WiA nerves with fire, and his blood
k'p v^^ * with that vigorous force of
HI JjlliL «£§!■ energy that denotes the pres-
tmjSi:^^^^^~ ence of fulsome, manly power.
GET BACK YOUR OLD VIGOR.
If you feel played out, your nerves weak and your strength
failing, try that wonderful rejuvenator, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
The greatest men in the country have been restored by it, and they
testify to their cures in Dr. Sariden's book, "Three Classes of Men,"
which is free by mail or at the office.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., .•»;.;• , ;V- *
632 Market Street, San Francisco. IMPORTANT
NOTE— Make T REET take In the number— • ' NOTICE. '
632 MARKET STREET. . JMUIIO.b.
Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 Dr. Sanden's offices
to 1 Branches at Los - Angeles. Cal.. 204V4 .. will move to 702 Market I '
South Broadway: Portland, Or., 253 Washing- . R t ' cor Gearv May 12
ton street; Denver. Colo.. 831 Sixteenth street; St., cor. ueary. may Li. |
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street . •-:::. ¥■— — --. ". ■' .. ".. '....'■' "-"- — -*
Yesterday afternoon the hammers of
busy artisans rang through the hall and
the "ring kept up till the night fell. Sev
eral od the booths are as yet incom
plete, but this afternoon will see them
completed and the fair on a smooth
sailing way. Among the completed
booths the most Interesting, if not the
most artistic, is that of the Puritans,
situated in the southern portion of the
building opposite the band stand. With
in the walls of the llttie booth are
many homely belongings of those peo
ple who were driven to Plymouth Rock
by the persecutions of the English cen
turies ago. The old tables, ancient
chairs and spinning wheels— relics or
the dead past— set here and there, and
past year there were three new lodges
instituted, as against one the previous
year and that two which had disbanded
were relnstituted. The order has invested
in hall property $1,824,983, and in other se
curities $486,875.
One of the important reports presented
to the grand body was that of the board
of trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermallto. This sets forth that during
the year the actual cost of maintaining
the inmates of the home "as brothers,
not as panpers," was $17,555. or a per cap
ita of about $4 per week. This includes
food, clothing, medical attendance, etc.
Fred J. Moll, the superintendent, and his
wife, the matron, are reported "as pecu- ,
liarly adapted for promoting the happi
ness of the residents of the home." E. A.
Kupsel of San Francisco, the physician, is
commended. The board announces that
In accordance with the order of the Grand
Lodge of 1597 it dispensed with Chinese
in the laundry and built a steam laundry
at a cost of JSOO, which has since been
maintained by a monthly expenditure of j
$60. The statement is made that the home
now has ninety-four residents, that there i
is a demand for more room, and that to
accommodate those who apply the attic
of the new wing should be completed.
The board suggests that the appropria
tion this year should not be less than 70
cents per capita on the membership of the
order, which would yield a revenue of a
little more than $21,000. The report will
be acted on this afternoon.
At the afternoon session the finance
committee presented a report which
shows that the receipts during the year
wre $34,420 and the expenditures were
$40,906, and that the balance in all the
funds at the close of the year was $9497.
The grand trustee reported having in
trust property valued at $1800 belonging
to defunct lodges in Markleevllle, Win- :
ters and Havllah.
The Grand Lodge took a recess until 10
o'clock this- morning.
CAPTUBED A BUBGLAB.
Pete McCoy, a Sneak Thief, Landed
Behind Prison Bars.
"fete" McCoy was arrested by Detec
tives Ryan and ODea last night and
lodged in the tanks on a charge of burg- i
lary.
About two months ago he entered the ,
room of a Mr. Landers at 224 Fourth ;
street, and donned one of the latter's i
suits, leaving his own, and took with him
two costumes. In his husry he forgot to
remove a pawn ticket that was in the
pocket of the discarded suit, giving the
detectives a clew. Landers recognized
the clothes as belonging to McCoy and :
reported the matter to the police.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
a faithful representation of a huge fire
place, clean and comfortable, keeping
watch over all, compose the little
home. From this booth, when the fair
is on, ladies in quaint Puritan gowns
go out among the crowds to sell their
wares — all in the cause of charity.
The Japanese tea garden is without
doubt the most artistic booth in the
fairyland within the hall. Delicate
walls of bamboo, from which pay lan
terns hang and garlanded with the
flowers of the apple tree, girls robed
in true oriental style and matrons to
stay them when they wish to stray
from duty complete the garden the lit
tle brown men builded. Another fas
cinating spot is where the lottery wheel
spins busily away, each turn bringing
in its bit of silver for the home of the
poor. "We're natural born gamblers,"
the comely "spielers" shout in treble
voice, and then away goes the wheel
again on its mission of charity. No
gambling spirit reigns at that booth.
It matters little to the players whether
they win or lose, as the money is Hot
lost, but will bring its cheer to many
a cheerless heart.
The musical programme rendered
both afternoon and evening by Ben
net's band was exceptionally good. A
multitude of people hovered around the
stand where the musicians - performed
and applauded each selection.
At' ll o'clock the ring; of. a great bell
heralded the closing of the day's festiv
ities and the band struck up the national
anthem, "America." Ten thousand voices
caught up the tune and .swelled it until
the big Pavilion trembled. The anthem
SUFFOCATED BY
FUMES OF GAS
An Aged Couple, Well Off
Financially, Found
Asphyxiated.
Friends Claim Foul Play in
the Tragedy, but the Po
lice Are Skeptical.
Mystery Surrounding the Sudden
Death of Thomas and Bridget
Connell.
An aged couple, Thomas and Bridget
Connell, were found dead from carbon
monoxide poisoning at their home on
Bay street, near Powell, last evening, and
just how the gas came to be turned on,
whether by accident or intention, is not
known and probably never will be.
The dead people were missing all day
yesterday, and in the evening Officer Ir
vine broke open a door and found the
dead bodies. Mrs. Connell was lying in
bed and her husband was in a kneeling
posture on the floor beside her. Both had
been dead for about sixteen hours.
The old couple had no relatives in this
city, but had a number of friends of
whom they thought as much as if they
were relatives. Among these were Mr.
and Mrs. C. McFeely, who lives at 1324
Montgomery street. A cousin of theirs
died at Los Angeles recently and his body
is in the city at present. A funeral was
held Monday night and Mr. Connell at
tended it. He returned home about half
past five 5 o'clock yesterday morning and
that was tue last time he was seen alive.
Adjoining the Council residence is the
property owned by the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Light Company, where Mr.
Connell is employed as watchman. Mrs.
McFeely went to the premises about 10
o'clock last evening and being unable to
get in notilied the police ■
The old people were quite well off finan
cially as a HilH-rnia bank book with
14245 9^ credit showed. Only $5 was found
in" the house, which leads the friends of
Mr and Mrs. Connell to believe that
there has been foul play for the purpose
of robbery. They claim that Mrs. Con
nell never had less than $500 in the house
and often kept more than that about her.
As nothing seemed to have been disturb
ed in the rooms the police believe that
there were no persons in the house be
fore it was entered by Mr. and Mrs. Me-
The position of Mr. Connell kneeling at
his wife's side gives color to one theory
of the death— that Mrs. Connell either in
tentionally or accidentally turned on the
gas, and when her husband returned early
in the morning and found his wife in an
unconscious condition he tried to save
her and was himself overcome by the
poisoned air, or finding her dead thought
he would follow her and allowed himself
to be asphyxiated. The fact that the two
gas jets in the parlor were turned on full
force lends color to i-he belief that if the
foregoing is true the opening of the jets
was intentional. Another theory of the
r;isc is that Mr. Connell returned from
the funeral and accidentally left the jets
open. The friends say that he never
drank to excess, and if he had not been
In an intoxicated condition it is not prob
able that he would have left the gas
turned on. Apparently there was abso
lutely no reason why the couple
should take their own lives. They had
lived very happily together for thirty-five
' Mr and Mrs. Connell were both born
in Ireland, where they were married, and
were in the neighborhood of 60 years old.
They came to this country about twenty
years ago and have lived in San Fran
cisco ever since. They never had chil
dren and no relatives live in this coun
try, but it is said that there are some in
Ireland.
HTJNTINGTON'S POSITION.
May Be Examined Again — A Valley
Road Celebration.
The inquiry into the cost of the Central
was Boon concluded, and the multitude
that gathered in the cause of charity
filed out of the Pavilion to await the com
ing of another day.
To-day's programme of music is as fol
lows:
Overture, "Masaniello" Auber
Negro dance, "Southern Jollifications" .Kunkle
Grand scene from "Huguenots" Meyerbeer
"Traumeret" Schumann
Solo for trombone
F. K. Tobln.
Waltz. "Tales of Vienna Wooda" Strauss
Selection from "The Serenade" Herbert
Quartet for trombones. "Banks of the Wnbash"
Messrs. Tobln. Klotz. Outman and Dewey.
March. "•Thirtieth Exposition" Rogers
National anthem, "America"
EVENING.
Bennett's Band, George W. Bennett director.
Overture "Merry Wives of Windsor" ..NJcolal
Waltz. "Jolly Fellows" Volstedt
Solo for xylophone
James Repd.
Fancy dance, "Minuet de Mozart"
Ladles of Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44,
F. and A. M. Mrs. William Boyer,
Miss Kannle Eberhart, Theo. Frollch,
Nat&He Sarosky, Miss Florence Coomb.
Meaars. James A. Christie, Joseph Eber,
.Tames A. Shute. Henry Wallace.
"Ten Minutes at the Minstrels" Boyer
Exhibition by members of Olympic Club.
"SonKS of Scotland" Godfrey
Selection. "Chimes of Normandy" . .Planquette
Pltreon dance
Ladies of the Postofflce Booth— Miss Alice C.
Voorsanger, Mlbs Alice Brume. Miss Minnie
Brume, Miss Reglna Plageman. Miss Mamie
Voorsanper. Miss Almee Cellaring, Miss Maude
Haaf Miss Stella Goodman, Miss Emma
Pr.-.se'k Miss Tlllle Ohlandt. Miss Belle Rapp,
assisted by Messrs. Fred Hammersmith.
Hi- ild Warwick. J<»?se Kutz, Oscar Meus
dnrffer. Piul Westerfeld, Hardy Cellarius.
Arthur MeiiFrtorffer. Jnhn Placeman. Jason
Gould, Edward Sohnutenhaus. Oscar Gantner,
Merritt Rnhlnson, Dr. Brady.
Sketch. "Happy Days In Dixie" Mills
National anthem. "America"
Chorus by the audience.
and Southern Pacific Railroads will be
resumed before the Railroad Commission
to-day at 1 o'clock, but this is contingent
upunthe action of the United States
Court, in which Iluntineton is fighting
the commission. President La Rue said
that the date of the Investigation would
depend on the court's decision.
The formal opening of the Valley road
to Bakerslleld will take place on the 27th
inst., when it is expected that the road
will be In full operation. The event will
be fittingly celebrated in BukTsnVld by
the citizens of Kern County, who have
teas. ni to be proud of this achievement in
railroading. Superintendent Story said
yesterday that the bridge over the Kern
River has been completed and the tracks
to Bakersfleld will be laid by the end of
the week. He further said that the
freight and fare rates would not t>o pub
lished until the ro;id is in operation.
HOMEOPATHS MEET.
The Twenty-Second Annual Session
of the Society Begins.
The Homeopathic Medical Society of
California will hold it's twenty-second an
nual session in the California Hotel this
year. The opening session will be in the
banquet hall to-day and will begin at 10
a. tn.
The following are the officers of the so
ciety: President, George H. Martin, M.
D., San Francisco; first vice-president,
Merritt B. Campbell, M. D.. Patton; sec
ond vice-president, Carolln L. Guild, M.
D. t Los Angeles; secretary, Eleanor F.
Martin, M. D., San Francisco; treasurer,
C. M. Tisdale, M. D., Alameda.
The board of censors are: Henry M.
Stembach, M. D., Santa Barbara; S. S.
Salisbury, M. D. I,ns Angeles; W. H.
Stiles, M. D., San Bernardino; E. C. Man
ning, M. D., Los Angeles; J. S. Hodge, M.
D., Pasadena.
Those who constitute the board of di
rectors are: J. M. Selfridge, M. D., Oak
land; William Boericke, M. D., San Fran
cisco; C. L. Tisdale, M. D., Alameda; A.
C. Peterson, M. D.. San Francisco; Sidney
Worth, A.8., M. D., San Francisco.
The board of examiners consists of: C.
L. Tisdale, M. D., Alameda; Sidney
Worth, A.8., M. D., San Francisco; A. C.
Peterson, M. D.. San Francisco; George
H. Palmer, M. D.. S;tn Francisco; E. R.
Bryant, M. D., San Francisco; Guy E.
Manning, M. D., San Francisco; William
Boericke, M. D., San Francisco.
The alternates are: Frederick G. Can
ney, M. D.. San Francisco; J. Kasten
dieck, M. D., San Francisco.
On the committee of legislation are:
Charles L. Tisdale, M. D. (chairman), al
ameda; H. R. Arndt, M. D., San Diego;
William Simpson, M. D.. San Jose; Pliny
R. Watts, M. D., Sacramento; George H.
Martin, M. D., San Francisco.
PATRIOTIC PACIFIC PARLOR.
Members Show Their Colors and Ad
journ to a Banquet.
The members of Pacific Parlor. Native
Sons of the Golden West, are showing
their patriotism in a very substantial
form. At last night's meeting a donation
of $25 was made to the Red Cross League,
and it was further decided that all mem
bers who enlist in the army be absolved
from all dues and assessments during the
term of enlistment. •
Immediately after the meeting the
members adjourned to the Maison St.
Germain, where a substantial banquet
was enioyed in honor of Past Grand
President George D. Clark and Grand
Trustee Joseph K. Hawkins. A splendid
collation was served and the following
tourta wore responded to:
"Our Ordpr." Junior Past President George
D. Clark: "Our Last Grand Parlor." Grand
Trustee Joseph K. Hawkins; "The President of
the United States," Hon. James D. Phelan:
"Our Grand Officers," Grand Trustee Lewis P.
Bylngton; "Old Glory," Past Grand President
Henry C. Gesford; "Admiral Dewey and Our
Navy," Past Grand President John T. Greany;
"The Native Daughters." Grand Secretary
Henry Lundstedt: "Our State," Grand Trustee
Arthur North: "Pacific Parlor." Past Grand
President William H. Miller; "Nevada City,"
Past President 8. V. Costello; "Tourist Dele
gate," First Vice-President Leonard Stone.
Stenographer Olsen Acquitted.
J. B. Olsen, a stenographer, formerly
employed in Police Judge Low's court,
was acquitted by a Jury in Judge Cook's
court yesterday on a charge of having
sworn falsely to the correctness of de
mands drawn on the city treasury.
• ♦ •
Brandon Recovers Damages.
A jury in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
rendered a verdict for $4000 In favor of
Julian R. Brandon and against the South
ern Pacific Company for injuries received
in a collision between two trains owned
by the corporation at a side switch near
Ocean View.
HUNTINGTON
MAKES A
PREDICTION
Says His Secrets Are
His Own for Years
to Come.
Discourages Attempts to
Ascertain Profits and
Expenses.
Is Not Particularly Zealous in
the Pursuit of the
Truth.
CHAPTER FROM HISTORY.
Good Proapaots for an Early and
Fruitless Ending of the Present
Examination.
C. P. Huntington professes to believe ;
that If he sits up nights and works hard ;
every day for the next 102 years he may
be able to prepare answers to all of the j
questions asked him yesterday by Attor- ■
ney -General Fitzgerald. The fact that \
the Attorney-General thinks the ques- i
tions could be answered within a very j
few days if the persons who possess the \
desired information cared to make it
public, brings about a situation upon
whicb 'will probably hinge the outcome of
the proceedings in the suit now being j
heard by United States Commissioner
Heacock.
The questions put by the Attorney- j
General contemplate a detailed statement j
of the earnings of each of the various '■
roads of the Southern Pacific system in i
this State, as well as a detailed statement
of the expense of operating these roads
during each of the years from 1892 to 1897. j
"How long do you think it will take you
to get this information?" was asked.
"I don't know," replied the magnate, ]
"but I suppose it will take years. At a !
rough guess I should say that it will take ;
100 men at least a year. It appears to me j
to be a bigger undertaking to get this in- i
formation than it was to build the |
roads."
"But you must understand, Mr. Hunt
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
••Q? Lydia E. Pinkham 's Vegetable Compound a wonderful aid to -jQ».
H iS working women of all classes. iP<>
v^s Working women have backaches, headaches, and racking pains, %-.,?*
<^j(- but they keep on working" because they have to. /w*"
Pretty faces in our factories and stores soon become arawn and )k^>
fTjft -, • >*T?*v pallid, figures lose their symmetry and &C
£Vf* T^^^ll — — \^f^>// Domestic service is another form /fe?**
I j/llji Mj&j&'zK \*K~L&^^' °^ endless drudgery that destroys yS,.
ffl^^S - ' 8 l^&^v^ woman's health and nervous system. Q\^
iMMI S^^^^^^Jm^yT^ Lack of care during monthly periods,
/-^^^MmJM^^^^^^^^^ necessity to keep on the feet all day and jO**
I ttKE^^^ — , ' sometimes until late at night, or 'jQ^
vi "''^'"'^^^^^H^T^'Mii fl^~~*jy - *? -* r r^ *^
I €| j . jir^SWlßßß_iffMjjfc_^BH3M^S rcjj^_^M^ffiff M»rHP^^^^ »SI-tt^^ !^'^^j>'^^ 11.6127 DLli Clcllo* OlC ivlltrSS _. - A<—
/ft^yjj'^Cj) \' Uvs3 I and inflammation of womb, and pain at time of monthly sickness. X^V
»(L )(S [^r^l 1^ » iWS ' i * followed your kind and good advice. I have taken three bottles of /^?**
<^_^~ ^™r , vO(a Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and am now able to walk w^_
-^^Sgfmmf ■ \ V^jL around after having been in bed for ten weeks, and feel that lam /flia/**
z^BJS^jgGXmlll ml ' nJr assured perfect health. I hope my letter may be a help to other w"s
"""" "^SplsPffl 1 /' tvw\ suffering girls. — Miss Rosa Hikes, Le Sueur, Minn. /ft?**
a> - *^^lllli \yy\i Dear Mrs. Pixkiiam: — I was troubled with female weakness, i_?Ei».
&^| QB I \ ' ' \v\\ irregular and painful menstruation and leucorrhoea. The doctor's rfc
■■' - medicine did me no good. I have taken one bottle and a half of your >L^S
"^^^T Vegetable Compound, and thanks to your medicine and advice, mv pains are gone. I advise all /L,Jr'
jf»V women suffering as I have to use your Vegetable Compound. — Mrs. £mma J. Pribble, Indianola, 111. ' Oa£
'*£a' Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — When I wrote to you I was troubled with menses appearing too often. - j£*V^
Vs#\ . I also had sick headache, was tired and weak, and could not do any work. The pain I had to suffer /%ir
was almost unbearable at times. After taking five bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- \J?'*\
**^^T . pound I was much, improved in health ;' menses became : more regular and were not prof use. My , . '7t*~jP°
m jf* l %y . doctor had told me I could never expect to get well unless * I went through an operation. I cannot V^v
"*^^f recommend your medicine too highly.; I beg of you to accept my thanks for what you have done for " : "- : -re^l»
yj^fl me:— Miss Alice Parxell, Keokuk, la. \ :■':•■-: ' •'. •"•«*^''
vV ,-' Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., will advise you from, her wide ex- ,"jU^;.
•<^Jk perience free of charge whenever you ask it. Write to her freely. t^»»
-tQ? Your story will be told to a sympathetic woman, and women only ©V_
jjrfj ? will see your letters. Remember! a woman best understands a dW*"
;^OJr--'"' : woman's ills. , .■•'.■■■:•-.•••>'-• __ -. " • « Q 1 * '
\jQy Lydia E. Pinkham 's Vegetable Compound fe*^
hQ\ A Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills. yv>
lngton," put in Attorney Hayne, that
this is in the pursuit of truth."
"Well, if you overtake it I will be much
mistaken." was the reply.
At the beginning of the examination
yesterday Huntingdon was asked to give
a detailed history of the various organi
zations having in charge the building of
the Central Pacific Railroad, as well as
the construction companies to which the
work was intrusted. The reply was in
teresting, but not wholly instructive,
mainly because the witness persisted In
giving too much prominence to such as
pects of the case as served to throw into
bold relief his own goodness of heart and
greatness of mind. When asked what in
terest the principal stockholders in the
railroad company had in the construction
companies, the witness admitted that tne
owners of the one were also the owners
of the other.
"What is the present value of the
road?" was asked.
"That is a hard question to answer.
At the time the road was built its value
was somewhat prospective. We expected
to have to wait for it to become valuable.
Of course, it cost us a great deal more to
build the road then than it would now,
on account of the difference in the cost
of material. I remember having paid $120
a ton for iron rails in those days."
"Was that the market price?"
"I never paid more than the market
price for anything in my life."
"Did you not rush the road to comple
tion forthe purpose of sooner getting con
trol of the Government subsidy?"
"That may have been true in the main;
but you must understand that I took a
great pride in rushing the work to com
pletion. Every man, woman and child in
California wanted to go home and see the
old folks, so I hurried up the road to ac
comodate them."
When asked what he had to say regard
ing the sworn statement of Mr. Stow
j bridge, chief of construction of the On-
I tral Pacific road, that the road could have
been built for half the money that was
paid the witness, seemed very ill at ease.
He s«U<l he had no means of knowing the
nature of the information upon which
Stowbridge based hiß calculations, and
was, therefore, unable to Judge of the
worth of his deductions. Because of this
lack of knowledge, he said, he did not
feel Justified in entering into a discussion
of the subject.
At the request of the Attorney-General,
Huntington promised to produce in court
: to-day the annual reports of the Southern
; Pacific Company covering the period from
18S2 to 1597.
It is more than probable that the pres
! ent examination of the railroad magnate
will not extend beyond to-day, because of
I the evident intention of the railroad com
i pany to resist all attempts to get at the
; facts regarding the expenses and profits
!of the roads under its control. Huntlng
i ton declarer that he cannot furnish the
! information within tho limits of the pres
i ent century, and any attempt that may be
made to bring the books of the corpora
tion into court will be the signal for the
inauguration of litigation intended to de
lay and thereby defeat such a purpose.
PARK COMMISSIONERS MEET.
Adolph B. Spreckels, the New Ap
pointee, Is Elected President of
the Board.
The Park Commissioners met yesterday
and Immediately elected Adolph B.
Spreckels. tho new appointee of Governor
Hudd, president, to succeed Joseph Aus
tin, who was thereupon elected vice
president.
The newly organized board immediately
went into executive session and reap
pointed John McLaren superintendent
and Miss Valence Block secretary of the
commission, both to succeed them
selves.
CLERGY BID
FOR CALIFORNIA
An Effort by the Episcopalian*
to Bring Their Conven
tion Here.
Rev. Dr. Moreland Advocates mx%
"American Church"— A United
Evening Service.
An effort Is being made to have the
next Episcopalian Convention of tha
United States in this city, and for that
purpose resolutions were adopted at the
convention of the diocese of California,
now being held at Trinity Episcopal
The general convention will meet in 1901,
and the clergy present stated that they*
would do everything in their power to
have the affair "here, so that the new cen
tury might begin gloriously.
The California Convention opened yes
terday morning with the holy communion
service and a very pleasing sermon by
Rev. W. H. Moreland, rector of St.
Luke's.
Mr. Moreland spoke en +he "American.
Church." and concluded: "There must
be an American type of worship, aa
American ritual— no imitation of the Ro
man nor slavish copying of the Anglican,
which would be like flying the Spanish,
flag in place of the stars and stripes. Next
this national American church must draw
its financial support from the mass of Its
members, cutting looso from any trans
planted Influences of the endowment or.
the church establishment ideas, and do
ing away with fairs, bazaars and all
worldly methods for tho support of
Christ a kingdom. Finally the laymen or
the church must realize the trust reposed
in them as guardians of public worship,
as helpers of the priesthood and mana
gers or the financial affairs."
The afternoon was given over to the
business portion of tho convention and.
reports from the various officers. Right
Rev. W. F. Nichols presiding and Rev. M.
D. Wilson acting as secretary.
In the evening there was a united serv
ice in the: interest of the Brotherhood of
St Andrew and the Daughters of the
King. Many prominent speakers gave
short addresses, followed by a few re
marks and the benediction by Bishop
Nichols.
BEGISTRATION CLOSED.
More Than Seventy-Three Thousand
Names Down on the Books.
Registration for the charter election
closed last niprht, and Registrar Bigxy re
ported a grand total of 73,4.".9 rejristrations.
which will be subject to verification and
revision. A loss in the vote is expected,
owing to the changes caused by the re
moval of troops.
Registrar Biggy has been warmly con
gratulated on his work during the past
few days. Yesterday his office handled
no less than 1116 registrations, including
357 originals and 759 changes of residence.
Mr. Biggy said h'-st night that while
the registration was heavy for the short
space intervening between the general
elections, there was nothing to indicate
how citizens regarded the proposition for
or against a new charter. Any activity
might be construed :is either a predilec
tion for a new constitutional law or a
determination to defeat any undesirable
change.
56
WEDNESDAY MAY 11, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w«ek- By mal! * 6 P* r Y ear : Der month
65 cents. _________
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE •__• *08 Broadway
IV EW YORK OFFICE Room IBS, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri_£- House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Alontgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open utjtll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- >06 Eleventh
street, open until ° o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "ln Old Japan."
Columbia— "Monbnrs "
California— "The Ensign. "
Alcazar— "Nlobe
Morocco's— "The Prisoner of Algiers."
Tlvoll— "Ship Ahoy."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masonic Festival.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paloma Schramm, Saturday afternoon.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet, Monday, May 16.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville, and "VUlons of Art. '
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dog- and Pony Show.
Sutro Bathe — Swimming 1 .
El Campo— Music, dancingr boating, fishing, every Sunday.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day-i
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield-This day , May 11. Carpets,
125 Tenth street, at 11 o'clock
THE MASONIC FAIR.
BY common consent of all who have been present
at either or both of the two nights since the
opening, the Masonic Fair at Mechanics' Pa
vilion affords one of the brightest and most attractive
entertainments ever provided in this city. The in
terior of the great structure has been decorated and
adorned until it glows with splendor, and the presence
of music and fair women gives to the festival every
charm needed to make it a scene of genuine delight.
Even if it appealed to the people as a festival for
pleasure merely, the fair would well repay the attend
ance of all. It makes, however, another and higher
appeal. All the work of decoration and adornment
which has resulted in so much beauty was not done
solely for esthetic enjoyment. The motive which
prompted the undertaking of the fair and animates
every movement of its energies is the outcome of the
spirit of charity. By that spirit it appeals to the best
sentiments of the human heart and will win a response
from all who have generous instincts and kindly
feelings.
The Masonic order stands and has long stood as
one of the most beneficent institutions of human so
ciety. Knowing neither class, nor creed, nor na
tionality, nor race, it recognizes only humanity and
serves the welfare of the world in a thousand ways.
One of the distinguished h .tures of its good work
in the world is the care it exercises over the widows
and orphans of those who in life were worthy and
working members of the craft, earnest supporters of
the cause in which it has so long engaged. It is for
the purpose of providing a home for these unfortun
ates that this fair has been instituted. This is the
charity whose spirit pervades the entertainment, and
certainly none has a better claim upon the helpfulness
of all.
Members of the Masonic order are ever among the
first toaidandhelpin all generous undertakings for the
good of any class of people, and by reason n. this they
are deserving of popular support in the work in which
they are now engaged. Every citizen who can
afford to do so should attend the fair, and in propor
tion to his means contribute to the fund for the pro
posed home.
There is in store for all the double pleasure of aid
ing a good work and enjoying evenings of rare de
light amid a joyous company, in scenes of beauty and
to the sounds of sweet music.
DIPLOMACY'S DELICATE PROBLEMS.
IN these troublous times the diplomats upon whose
judgment must rest the destiny of the nation cer
tainly have much to keep them awake o' nights.
They were prepared for many contingencies, but they
could not foresee that just at this critical juncture the
Monocacy would be stuck in the mud.
For a score of years this vessel has upheld the
American flag and American honor in Chinese waters,
being stationed in the harbor of Shanghai. Nobody
ever thought of disturbing it. The wild idea of send
ing it to sea never occurred to mortal man. Now
the stern demand of neutrality is made that the Mon
ocacy must get out. This is cruelty to junk. But
it can't get out. For two decades it has settled into
the mud and is likely to stay there. An attempt to
move it would be costly, and it could not be safely
moved. Probably the average ferry-boat crossing San
Francisco Bay would be a safer craft upon the briny
deep. Even if the Monocacy could be yanked from the
mud there is no assurance that it would float. If it
would float there is no way of telling in which direc
tion it might choose to drift.
To make suggestions may be presumption, and yet
the fact is clear that something must be done. Per
haps it would be well to give the old thing to China.
This act would constitute no loss to the United States
and might please the Oriental, while Chinese seaman
ship is surely equal to managing a craft so securely
embedded in the mire that a typhoon would not rock
it at ks moorings.
Some surprise has been expressed that the yellow
journals have been able to secure news when all the
cables between themselves and the seat of action had
been severed. There is no occasion for surprise. Ac
cess to a cable would not only have been an expense,
but would actually have hampered the yellow boys.
It can hardly be believed that 50 per cent of the
militiamen of Montana were physically unfit to be
come soldiers, even if the medical examiners did so
decide. Montana is neither an infirmary nor a resort
for the one-lunged.
When the correspondents affirm the Government to
be ignorant of the whereabouts of the Spanish the
thought does not occur to them that possibly the
Government is not taking correspondents fully into its
confidence now. " "-~~-
AS TO MONKEY BUSINESS.
THAT there is no need for a Mission "zoo" no
question will arise. That the people of this city
do not desire the establishment of such a con
cern is certain beyond all doubting. That devoting
a quarter of a million to the purchase of a site for
such an affair would be robbery of the taxpayer for
the benefit of the realty shark is a proposition con
cerning which the shark and his accessory will be the
only disputants.
For a time it seemed that the iniquitous scheme had
been crushed, that exposure had killed it, but its
friends were at work, and the effect of their efforts
was apparent at the last meeth.g in April of the Su
pervisors. On that occasion supervisor Clinton de
nounced the project as "a clean steal," a rather an
omalous term, which seemed fully to meet the ex
igency of the case. He showed that the land for
which the city was asked to pay a sum perhaps as
great as $300,000 was of no such value, that a vain
effort had been made once to give it away, and that
for years it had been hawked without a bidder. Now
it was to be unloaded upon the public, which neither
needed nor wanted it, and at a price satisfactory to
the speculators who had originated the job. Such
wanton betrayal of the people would, he thought, be
a crowning scandal. Evidently the Supervisors were
willing to accept such a crown. Nine of them voted
themselves worthy of the shameful decoration.
There is every prospect that the present year will
see "hard times." There are to be no abundant crops
to stimulate trade and keep money in circulation. It
is meet that every citizen harbor his own resources
and a similar rule should apply to the municipality.
It is no season for waste. Yet the Supervisors pro
pose to waste a preliminary quarter of a million. Out
of this expenditure there can come no possible good;
none is expected; such is not the object. The only
purpose is to put the money of the people into the
pockets of the schemers. With the tax levy this year
there is certain to be a deficit All the money which
can be raised is needed in legitimate improvements,
in the streets, the schools, the sewer system, the Po
lice and Fire departments. Why trifle it away on a
monkey ranch, a seminary for poll-parrots?
There can be no claim made that the Mission needs
a "zoo." That section of the city has free access to
Golden Gate Park, now one of the most beautiful in
the world, and yet one in which improvements must
go on for many years, and to which economy denied
this year a sufficient appropriation. San Francisco
will not patiently endure the spectacle of its world
famous park being crippled for lack of funds when
money is thrown away needlessly by the same author
ity which withholds it where it should be freely
granted. If necessity existed for a "zoo" Golden
Gate Park was the place for it. There it would have
been common property, no ground would need to
have been purchased at ridiculously exorbitant fig
ures, and the only cost would have been for the ani
mals themselves. If the Mission is entitled to a park
of its own, so is the Western Addition, so is North
Beach, so is the region around Rincon Hill.
As a matter of palpable fact the Mission "zoo" was
conceived in fraud, is wholly without merit of any
sort, is an unmitigated imposition. If carried through
it should contain a few cages devoted to the detention
of the school of realty sharks who have so zealously
and unblushingly advocated the steal, ostensibly for
the benefit of the Mission, really with the design of
looting the public treasury.
AN INCOMPETENT GRAND JURY.
PROBABLY the dismissal of the present Grand
Jury for incompetency is about as good a dis
position as can be made of it. For some time
it has been evident that it has not intended to do any
thing toward purifying the local political atmosphere.
Its investigation of the ferry depot scandal, in which
proofs of criminality were abundant, stamped it as in
competent. Damning evidence of fraud in the con
struction of this depot has been swept aside in re
sponse to the "pull" of the criminals, with an in
difference to public interest which was simply ap
palling.
But the scandal in the School Department capped
the climax. The jury was utterly unable to con
sider with calmness the facts in that matter brought
to its attention. The school "pull" "completely de
moralized it. Instead of indicting the lumber thieves
of the department the members fell to abusing each
other. Every effort has been made to suppress the
truth concerning the thefts of lumber, and there has
never been a prospect that the rascals would be in
dicted. In fact, it has long been plain that if the
jury found true bills against anybody they would be
returned against those among its members who have
been trying to bring the scoundrel politicians of the
city to book.
One need not look far afield to discover the source
of the internecine troubles of the Grand Jury. Four
or five members have insisted on investigating crook
edness and finding indictments. The whole power
of the local boodle machine in both political parties
has been exerted to prevent action. The members
of the jury have not got at loggerheads because they
disagree in details, nor because some of them are
"cranky." They have failed to do their duty because
a majority is opposed to apprehending political
thieves.
It is, therefore, probable, as we have already said,
that Judge Belcher's action in dismissing the jury in
disgrace is the best disposition that can be made of it.
Certainly the body is no longer of any use to the
public, and the sooner it is retired the better for the
credit of the city and its people. Perhaps the im
panelment of another Grand Jury will not solve the
difficulty. From the new panel all virtue may be
absent. On the other hand, fate may project into the
box nineteen citizens who will be determined to clean
out the political rascals who now infest the city. ' In
any event, the effort to get a competent Grand Jury
is worth a trial. Things cannot continue on the pres
ent basis forever. There must be a revival of civic
virtue or San Francisco will have ultimately to be
abandoned to the predatory classes.
It will be remembered that the Vigilance Commit
tee of 1856 was preceded by two futile efforts on the
part of grand juries to indict influential scoundrels.
James King of William was himself foreman of one
of these juries and was personally assaulted for his
aggressive conduct.
Yellow journalism has added to its list of fake in
terviews one with Sagasta. To have had a signed
statement from the gentleman would have been as easy,
and carried with it the privilege of advertising him as
a member of the staff.
If a Spanish ship is seen in every place at which the
sighting of one has been announced, the fleet of
Spain must consist of about a thousand more vessels
than appear in the register of the navy.
If :, Weyler really believes he could conquer , ■■: the
United States with an invading army, we violate no
confidence in saying that as a ■; fool Weyler • shines
even more radiantly item as a butcher, , :. ; v^ ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
THE change of a municipal scheme of govern
ment for a large city is a very serious matter.
The change proposed by the new charter
framed for this city is so great as to cause well de
fined misgivings. Perhaps no plan ever proposed for
any civilized city ever deprived the people at one
stroke of as much as this tak^s from them. We don't
know why a majority of the Freeholders have been
moved to such profound distrust of the people as
seems to be the prime motive of the charter.
The people are permitted to elect one man and he
does the rest. They elect the Mayor and he appoints:
A Board of Public Works.
A Board of Education.
A Board of Police Commissioners.
A Board of Health.
A Board of Election Commissioners.
A Board of Park Commissioners.
A Board of Fire Commissioners.
Civil Service Commission.
These boards control about 83 per cent of the pub
lic patronage of the city. They are not elected by and
are not accountable to the people. Their creator is
the Mayor. When once this machinery is put in mo
tion the voice of the people and their influence in their
government will become less and less. We must take
human nature as we find it. In this country it has al
ways proved dangerous to center all power and pat
ronage of a large city in the hands of one man or of a
few men. The statute of the New York Legislature
which turned the city of New York overto Tweed was
a "reform measure." It created a small non-partisan
or bi-partisan board and gave to it powers that were
beyond the reach of the people. The scheme cost the
taxpayers $30,000,000 stolen outright. While it is true
that the people frequently elect dishonest men to
office, as they have done here, yet the net result of
all experiments is that the peculations arc less than
under schemes for taking power away from the peo
ple and giving it to a few men or to one man.
The new charter for San Francisco seems to have
been influenced by Mayor Phelan's profound distrust
of the people. He appointed the original charter con
vention, a body unwieldy in numbers and incongruous
in its elements, representing every fad extant. The
more grotesque part of its work has been grafted
on to that of the Freeholders. The result is a charter
which calls upon the people to surrender all the power
they have now and create a guide, philosopher and
friend called a Mayor, who will take to himself all
the power and patronage and dictate the policy of the
School, Fire, Police and Health departments.
If it is the conclusion of Mayor Phelan's brief ex
perience in public life that the people are unfit for
self-government, the charter is a proper expression of
his personal belief. But one swallow does not make a
summer, and he should not be hasty in accepting his
own election as evidence of the incapacity of the peo
ple to govern themselves.
A NEW FORM OF REFERENDUM.
IT will be remembered that a short time ago the
people of Oakland undertook to restrain certain
members of the City Council from raising water
rates, by making a demonstration which threatened
something like a personal castigation of the offend
ing Councilmen. The effort was unsuccessful, but
the moral effect was such that reason exists for be
lieving that had it been carried to the extent of put
ting the threat into practice a different result would
have been obtained.
This view is strengthened by reports of the check
ing of a boodle scheme in Peoria, 111., by the adoption
of the Oakland plan on the part of so large a number
of determined citizens that the offending city fathers
were left in no doubt of what would happen if they
persisted in legislating against the will of their con
stituents.
It appears that the Legislature of Illinois enacted
last year a law authorizing a City Council to grant
street railway franchises irrepealable for fifty years.
The act was bitterly denounced at the time of its pas
sage and has been generally regarded as a boodle
measure concocted in the interests of corrupt cor
porations and passed by means of bribery. The Coun
cilmen of Peoria recently undertook to grant a fran
chise under the law, and at once the people set about
defeating the scheme by putting into practice the
plan the Oaklanders invented.
According to the story, as it comes to us on the
authority of the Chicago Times-Herald, the gang
planned a coup to take the public unawares. A spe
cial meeting was tailed to pass the street railway
ordinance. The citizens' safety committee heard of
the project and filled the town with "war bulletins"
warning the people that another attempt would be
made to grab the streets of the city. Banners were
hastily painted advising honest men to attend the
meeting armed with clubs. One of the gang who was
terrorized by these preparations hastily left the city
before the meeting, and the final attempt of the cor
poration to secure a fifty-year franchise was a
failure.
This method of calling in the people as a mass to
check the acts of City Councilmen has manifest de
fects. As a system of referendum it is coarse and
crude and liable to internal explosions likely to in
jure the innocent as well as the guilty. Nevertheless,
as it is of Californian invention and had its origin in
that classic city known as the "Athens of the West,"
we cannot wholly condemn it when practiced in Illi
nois. Moreover, like a good many other things in
politics, it is to be judged by its fruits. These in the
case under consideration seem to have been good,
and, as the main object of civic patriotism throughout
the United States at this time is to put a check on
boodling, the new referendum evidently has merits
which entitle it to serious consideration.
For openly expressing contempt for the American
flag a Spanish sympathizer was recently forced to
kiss the emblem and t*ake a thumping besides. Such
treatment may have been impolite, but the sympa
thizer may draw some consolation by contemplating
what an American in Spain would have got for in
sulting the Spanish flag.
Weeks ago announcement was made that the Span
ish would devote themselves to the specialty of cap
turing American yachts. Either these boats are too
swift for them or they have changed their minds, or
concluded that a yacht would be too dangerous to
tackle.
Several gentlemen are yielding to "the pressure of
friends" to an extent impelling them to consent re
luctantly and patriotically to become candidates for
Governor. And the strange part of it is that the
friends had never suspected what they were doing.
That the Philippine insurgents need killing about
as thoroughlyas theSpanishat Manila is a melancholy
conclusion which cannot well be avoided.
Blanco has cabled for supplies, but he will have to
get an armistice declared in order to get them into
Havana,
THE NEW CHARTER.
ESTIMATES OF YELLOW JOURNALISM.
WHERE TO GET THE NEWS.
From the Examiner of May 9.
The superiority of the Eaminer's news service has been amply dem
ons trated by the battle of Manila and the movements on the Atlantic
coast. The Examiner has had the first, the most complete and the most
reliable accounts of the mi'.itary inovenierts that have been undertaken.
The people have shown likewise, in the most practical manner, that
they know where to get tin news. They have bought the Examiner
and have subscribed for it in such numbers that give it by far the
largest circulation in its history.
The people can depend upon it that the Examiner will gtve them the
news first of all the papers, and in tbe mcst complete and reliable form
that is possible at the moment of publication.
From the Chicago Record of May 9.
Sunday morning the New York Journal printed an alleged cable
gram of great length from Hongkong, attributing it to Mr. McCut
cheon, claiming him as its own staff correspondent. How the Record
was imposed upon and lied to by the Journal, and how that faking
sheet attempted to gull the public, let the Record tell in its own words,
in the editorial referred to. It says:
Mr. Carvalho of the New York Journal told the managing editor of
the Record over the long-distance telephone yesterday that the article
in question was manufactured from about 500 words of a cablegram
which the Record permitted the Journal to have on Saturday, as a
matter of courtesy, on the express understanding that it was not to be
published until this morning.
The rest of the article, Mr. Carvalho said, was made up of a patch
work from various sources. The name of the Record's staff correspond
ent was signed to this mess of stuff simply because he was known to
have witnessed the battle. The Record, which gets its cablegrams at
cable rates, leaves the honest American public to judge of the merits
of such journalism.
The Story The Call. Printed.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Editor New York Herald:. In connection
with the wonderful account of the battle given by the Herald Sunday
morning permit me to say that I considered it an exceptionally graphic
account of the naval engagement in the Philippines, and its reliable
source stamped it with such value that it will become a part of his
tory. For all of which the Herald is to be commended for its efforts
and energy in having one of its staff on the scene of battle.
GEOBGE D. MEIKLEJOHN, Assistant Secretary of War.
COLLECTED IN
Colonel and Mrs. R. Wemple of India
are at the Palace. •
George S. McKenzie, Sheriff of Napa
County, is staying at the Grand.
■\V. R. C.'iruthers, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is registered at the Lick.
Ben Laub, a wealthy liquor man of
Louisville, Ky., is at the Palace.
Thomas G. Perarchey, a mining man
from Angels Camp, is at the Baldwin.
F. A. Hartmann of Los Angeles, who has
large mining interests in Mexico, is at the
California.
A. W. Bailey, manager of the Coronado
Beach Hotel, is at the Palace, with his
wife and son.
H. H. Meyer of Healdsburg, who has
returned from a trip to Salvador, is
a guest at the Grand.
Professor Jordan and wife are at the
Occidental, having come up from Stan
ford University yesterday.
A. L. Gilbert and W. J. Hushes, two
prominent business men of Oakdale, will
be at the Grand for a few days.
Railroad Commissioner W. R. Clark of
"Stockton is registered at the Baldwin,
accompanied by his wife and daughter.
A story Is going
i around of an mi
i cident which hap
: pened In a West
ern theater a few
1 weeks ago. At a
1 performance of
1 "Romeo and Ju
liet," In the midst of great enthusiasm
bowed acknowledgment, a wag called
"author," which was quickly picked up
and the house rang with the cry
"author!" Presently the joke dawned on
the enthusiasts and all wound up in a
hearty laugh.
Robert Mantell tells a similar tale. He
says: "I was playing 'Hamlet' in a Col
orado town, small but extremely prosper
ous and enterprising. During the day I
had met the treasurer of the theater, a
very charming girl of about 19, pretty,
educated and as bright as a new silver
dollar. She spoke enthusiastically of the
certainty of a big house at '$2 per,' and
how delighted the camp was at the pros
pect of seeing a real Shakespearian play.
In the evening of course the house was
duly counted up and my treasurer came
back with the receipts, also the young
lady. With some pleasant words she
proffered three slips of paper filled out on
printed blanks, such as we get in metro
politan theaters — one marked 'manager,'
one 'Robert Mantell' and the third for
'Mr. Shakespeare.' Thinking it a Joke, I
told the pretty treasurer that she was
quite a wit, but her serious look satisfied
me she saw nothing funny in the transac
tion. Referring to the third copy, I asked
her why she tendered it. With a face as
sincere as t have ever seen she replied
that it was for the author. 'You know,'
said she, 'all the fine companies want a
statement for the author.' I asked her
if she knew Shakespeare had been dead
about 300 years. At this she appeared
somewhat surprised, but said doubtless
hie heirs would require a copy.
THE
AUTHOR
REMEMBERED.
"To me the comedy of the circum
stances was lost 'n my profound admira
tion of the finished way In which this girl
transacted business. Here was a daugh
ter of a pioneer whose sense of honesty
and exactness in business would do credit
to many an exquisite holding a like posi
tion in an Eastern box office, even
though she had not read up the history
of the immortal bard."
W. C. Parker of Kenwood, Shasta
County, who is extensively engaged in
the fruit industry in that locality, ia at
the Grand.
F. S. Morris, R. E. Moody, F. P. Maye,
three railroad men, and W. W. Cotton,
an attorney, all of Portland, Or., are
among the arrivals at the Palace.
Archdeacon Webber, the Episcopal di
vine, of Boston, who came up from Los
Angeles yesterday, is at the Occidental,
and will return to his home shortly.
Count and Countess Poninski of Poland,
who are touring the world on pleasure
bent, were among the passengers on the
Peking, which arrived on Monday night,
and are registered at the Palace.
The death of Joseph H. Slnton, traveling
freight agent of the Missouri Pacific Rail
way, has caused profound regret in rail
road circles generally, for he was uni
versally esteemed. He had been ill but a
short time, his death being caused by ap
oplexy. Deceased was 37 years old, un
married, and leaves a mother and sister
to mourn his loss. The funeral takes
place to-day.
A party of prominent Episcopal clergy
men are at the Occidental, and are here
to attend the forty-eighth annual conven
tion of the Episcopal church, Cali
fornia diocese, now being held at
Trinity Church. They consist of the
Revs. C. Linsley, Sonora; William
Hart. Visalia; William Lucas, Fres-^
no; William Bours, Merced; Daniel G.
McKinnon, Stockton; George Wallace,
San Mateo, and J. A. O'Meara, Santa
Clara. .__ .
SOME ASSASSINATIONS
Many and curious have been the as
eassinationa of history. Mustapha II was
strangled in prison. Achmet 111 was
strangled by his own guards. Tiberius
was smothered by one of his favorites.
Louis V was poisoned by his own mother.
Feodor II of Russia was assassinated in
church. Lothaire of France was poisoned
by female relatives. Pope Lando is sup
posed to have been poisoned. Antiochus
the Great was put to death by his own
soldiers. Murad was stabbed by a sol
dier whom he had offended in some way.
Paul of Russia is supposed to have been
assassinated by his wife. Amon, King of
Judah, was murdered by some of his
harem attendants. William Rufus was
shot by an archer.
THE AMERICAN SONG.
What song shall America sing,
Yi>ung heir of the elder world,
Whose knee ne'er bent to tyrant king.
Whose banner defeat ne'er furled?
A song for the brave and the free.
No echo of antique rhyme.
But a shout of hope for the day to be.
The light of the coming time.
From the dark lowlands of the »ast,
Swelling loud o'er the victim's cries.
The hero's shout sweeps up the blast
Where wounded Freedom dlea.
The drum's dull beat and the trumpet's blare
Fmm the far-off years are heard;
But the paean of kings is man's despair.
And the hope of the world deferred.
'Tis the song of the free we sing;
Of the pood time not yet born.
Where each man of himself is king,
Of a day whose gladsome morn
Shall see the earth beneath our feet.
And a fair sky overhead;
When those now sad shall find life, sweet.
And none shall hunger for bread.
Sing then our American song!
'Tis no boast of triumphs won
At the price of another's wrong.
Or of foul deeds foully done.
We fight for the wide worliTs right.
To enlarge life's scope and plan.
To flood the earth with hope and light.
To build the kingdom of Man!
— M. J. Savage In New York Tribune.
THE CALL-HERALD SERVICE.
Al! of tlie accountsof the buttle of Mar.ila
substantially agree, but that to be lound
in The Call yesterday, written by the
New York Herald correspondent., was the
best In minor particulars. The corre
spondent stood on the bridge of the- Olyrn
pia with Dewey and his executive officer.
His= account is not entirely free from ref
erence to himself, but anybody who stood
on the bridge of such a ship, in such com
pany, and through such a fight, is entitled
to indulge in the first person, singular, in
h's written account of what happened. It
couldn't have been the most tranquil
place in the world. The correapjndent's
name is Joseph L. Stickney, and he Is an
honor to his profession. Mr. Stickney, we
salute you! — Alameda Argus.
For a clean-cut pen picture of one of the
mightiest naval duels the world ever -saw,
the account given by the Herald-Call cor
■i-e.spoiident surpasses anything we J.ave
ever keen. The limitations of the cable
and of- time made it imperative that the
narrative should be boiled down to a
close compass. Fortunately, th-3 corre
spondent was evidently a master of the
art of condensation and description,
and as a result we have in small
compass a complete and graphic
account, which leaves nothing to be de
sired. Of course, the minor details will
be Interesting, but after one has read
that story he will have a picture of the
combat in his mind which is complete.
In other battles where there are a mul
tiplicity of correspondents and a great
number of published accounts, it is diffi
cult for the reader to draw from the mass
of the verbiage a clear picture of the
affair. This will be illustrated doubtless
in the coming fight with the Spanish fle%t
on the Atlantic. But the Herald-Call
writer had the field to himself at Manila,
he was in a position to see the entire com
bat, and being gifted with the power of
expression in few words, he has drawn a
picture which is without parallel in these
days of padding and verbosity.— Alameda
Encina!.
HOW TUB NEWS COMES FROM MfINILA.
News of the fighting in Manila, on the
other side of the earth, travels more
than 14,000 miles, over a dozen or more
cables and three or more overland wires,
before it gets to this city. Very few per
sons, among the thousands who watch
the bulletin boards these days, stop to
think, when a Manila dispatch is posted,
that the message was repeated over and
over again, as it was sent from cable
office to cable office, in the long Journey
from the Philippine port to the ..Vnvr
ican shore. It traveled across seas, gulfs,
bays and straits, mountains, valleys and
plains. But the news that Commodore
Dewey was ready to bombard Manila wat
known in this city thirty-five minutes
in actual time after the British operator
at Manila opened his key. The cables
were rushing- things.
Ihe Eastern cables are owned by Brit
ish companies, the Eastern Telegraph
Company and the Extension, Australia
and China Telegraph Company. The two
companies are controlled by the same
men. Across the China Sea, from Hong
kong to Cape Bolinao, on Luzon Island,
in the Philippines, a cable was laid in
18S0. The cable is 529.11 miles long. From
Cape Bolinao across the island to Manila
is a telegraph line about 100 miles long.
All the news we have received from Man
ila has been first telegraphed from Man
ila to the cable station at Cape Bolinao,
and from there sent on by eabia tv Hcng
keng.
The news that Commodore Dewey had
demanded the surrender of Manila and
was about to bombard the city was soon
afterward followed by a short cable dis
patch from the office of the Eastern Ex
tension Company in London reading:
"1 lie cabi.-* between Hongkong a.nl Man
ila is interrupted."
Only surmises could be made here as
to the cause of interruption.
Without the aid of the Cape Bolinao-
Hongkong cable, dispatches from Man
ila must be carried by boat across the
China Sea and there put on the cable to
the south. From Hongkong to Boston a
message has an interesting, course. From
the Chinese port it is first sent down
the China Sea over a 4GO-mile cable to
Saigon in Cochin China. Another cable,
G3O miles long, conveys it to Singapore,
on the Straits; or it may be sent to tho
island of Labuan, Borneo, and then to
Singapore. From Singapore it runs around
the Malay Peninsula to the island of
Penang, on the western coast of Lower
Slam, a distance of 388 miles. Across the
Bay of Bengal from Penang to Madras
the message is repeated on a cable 14JS
miles long, ■..-..., . - - .
In India the message reaches the nr«t
land to- .-graph line after leaving the isl
and of Luzon. Across India to Bombay
the'rinbai;' runs over 80} . mites "I wire.
Then it is put on a cable again to cross
the Arabian Sea to Aden, on the Gulf of
Aden, a distance of 1851 miles. Up through
the Red Sea to Suez is another long cable,
1403 miles. Again the message goes over
land over the 200 miles of wire from Suez
to Alexandria. . - ,
The Mediterranean has no direct cable
from Alexandria to Gibraltar. The mes
sage must be sent over a '9l3-mile cable
to the Island of Malta, and then repeated
over the Gibraltar cable, 1126 miles furth
er. From Gibraltar to Carcavellos, near
Lisbon, is a short cable, 837 miles long,
connecting the Mediterranean port with
the 856-mile ocean cable from Lisbon to
rthcurno, the cable station at Land's
End. England. ;.■':>_
• Kte\en oci'fn cables connect the Enc-
Jish, Irish and French cable stations with
America, and the message from | Manila,
upon reaching Land's End, may be sea:
over any of these cables.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AN OLD DATE-J. M. .TV.. North
Temescal, Cal. The 20th or July, 1545, fell
on a Tuesday.
THE MAINE'S DEAD— T. A. E., City.
The latest repori was that all but twenty
six of the dead of the Maine had been re
covered.
TEMBLOR— G. A., City. Temblor is
Spanish and means trembling, involuntary
motion proceeding from fear or weakness.
Temblor de tlerra is afi earthquake.
SIX FURLONGS— Subscriber, City. The
horse O'Connell holds th~ record of the
American turf for five-year-olds at six
furlongs, made July 18, 1895; time, 1:12%.
NOT A PREMIUM COIN— S., City. A
$5 piece of 1850 is not one of the kind for
which a premium is offered. The dealer's
price is« from $7.50 to $8.50, bo that will
give an idea of its value in the market.
IN YUNG'S NAME— J. R. E., City. The
unoccupied lot on the south side of Sac
ramento street, between Taylor and
Jones, inclosed on three sides by a high
board fence, stands in the name of Ro
sina Yung.
GEARY AND GRANT AVENUE—Ad
mirer of a ; Call, City. The piece of
property at the southeast corner of
Geary street and Grant avenue is not
and was not a part of the Blythe estate.
The property stands in the name of Louis
Buck.
BRYAN— D. M. C, Vallejo, Cal. In a
dispatch published In The Call of April 27
is a telegram from New York to the effect
that Colonel Boiler of Wichita, Kan., had
received a dispatch from W. J. Bryan
asking his advice as to the advisability of
enlisting as a private in the volunteer
forces of the United States, and the state
ment that Bryan had declared that he
was ready to enlist and go wherever the
Government might send him.
SOLDIER'S PAY— lnquirer, City. The
question in regard to the drawing of a
soldier's pay, to which the correspondent
desires an immediate answer, Is so indefi
nite that an answer cannot be given. If
the correspondent will state just what in
formation is wanted an answer will be
furnished. From the question as asked it
is impossible to tell if the correspondent
wants to know if the soldier can draw his
own pay or if any one else can draw it for
him.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend's.*
* ♦ • — - *
Special Information supplied - dally to
business houses and public men by" th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Colonel John Hay has in his room at
the United States Embassy in London a
collection of portraits of the Ministers
who have represented this republic in
London. The series begins with the first
Minister who came after the war of In
dependence and closes with Mr. Bayard.
This collection was brought together orig
inally by James Russell Loweil.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels *.nd is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer stay,
$2 60 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Cotghs and colds are dangerous Intruders. Ex
pel tnem with Pabkeb's Gixgkk Tonic.
I'AKKtK's Haik Balsam aids the hair growth.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a rough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold In twelve hours, or money refunded. No
Percentage Pharmacy.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
It always takes two to make a poem.
Then they married and pretended they
lived happy ever after.
A woman likes occasionally to be happy,
but she can always get a lot more pleas
ure out of being miserable.
Every man who has been married over
five years has a sneaking kind of hatred
for the word "honeymoon."
If the Lord had created all female hair
curly the women would have invented
Borne machine to make it stay straight in
Wet weather.— New York Press.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRANSPORTATION GO.
steamship" laurada
will sail for '
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
VIA ST. MICHAEL,
CONNECTING WITH NEW STEAM-HEAT-
ED ELECTRIC-LIGHTED FLEET O*
I RIVER STEAMERS COL. McNAUGHT, GOV.
PIMiHEK, PHILIP R. LOW, A. E. FAT. B.
B ' GLASCOCK, NEW YORK. MICHIGAN,
WASHINGTON AND OHIO.
FOR DAVVSON CITY
Yukon River Points.
THIS EXPEDITION TO THE NEW Dis-
coveries at Kotzebue Sound will be ac-
companied by mining experts, together with
experienced guides. A mining party will ac-
company this expedition and direct passengers
to the richest claims In Alaska. ,
The steamship will arrive at Hotham Inlet
about June 15, which will be as early as the
flow of ioe will admit navigation to Kotzebue
Sound.
Don't be deceived by various representation*
of entering the sound before the date named.
On this expedition we will allow no more
than the steamship's cabin capacity will
admit.
She will make two trips to Hotham Inlet,
leaving Hotham Inlet as late as September 16,
possibly as late as September 25, giving ample
time for those going on her first trip to locate
claims and return to San Francisco for the
winter.
Tickets for this sailing will be sold at tha
very low rate of $200 per passenger, which in-
cludes 1000 pounds of baggage or freight free.
Additional freight at a low rate. Full informa-
tion upon application.
H. M. HAINES, Contracting Freight and Pas-
senger Agent, 20 Montgomery street.
H. D. LOMBARD & CO.. 16 California street.
A. E. CRONENWETT. General Trafflc Maa-
D. t?. e piNGREE. General Manager.MASSING TROOPS FOR A CAMPAIGN IN THE TROPICS
Light Canvas Clothing to Be Issued to
the Men Comprising the Philip
pine Expedition.
THE concentration of troops at the
Presidio is going forward with
commendable promptness. The
space on the reservation between
the tents of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry and the Seventh
California Regiment of Volunteer In
fantry will soon be occupied by the
First and Second battalions of Califor
nia Volunteers and regiments from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah and
Montana. Three more companies of
the Fourteenth Infantry, and perhaps
BeveraJ troops of the Fourth United
States Cavalry, will arrive before many
days.
Major-General Merriam was at Van
couver Barracks yesterday, arranging
for The equipment of Washington and
n volunteers. He will probably
be in San Francisco before the end of
the present week. Brigadier-General
Anderson is said to be en route to this
tity. It is understood at the Presidio
that he will take command of all the
troops on the tented field of the reser
vation as soon as he arrives.
The greatest activity prevails at de
partment headquarters of the United
States army in this city. Captain Os
car F. Long, acting chief quartermas
ter of the department, was busy yes
terday arranging the details for the
loading of ships recently chartered by
the Government for the proposed ex
peditions to Manila. Dispatches from
Washington announce that the steam
ships Australia, City of Peking and
City of Sydney have been secured. It
is understood that the Peking will be
the first ship to sail and that her cargo
will consist mainly of supplies and na
val stores for Admiral Dewey's fleet.
The other two vessels will carry troops.
The fact that the Secretary of War
has ordered quite a number of volun
teer regiments to be concentrated at
the Presidio is accepted by the troops
as an assurance that the volunteers as
well as the regulars will join the expe
ditions to the Philippines.
The volunteer troops of California
now concentrated in San Francisco con
gist of seven companies of infantry
from the San Joaquin Valley and one
company from Sacramento, comprising
the First and Second battalions; the
Seventh Regiment of Volunteer Infan
try from Southern California; the First
Regiment of Volunteer Infantry from
the city and four batteries of heavy
artillery volunteers — one from Sacra
mento, one from Los Angeles and two
from San Francisco.
CAMP OF THE
VOLUNTEERS.
Men o? the First and Sev=
enth California Ea^er for
Service at Manila.
The First an- Seventh regiments have
now become thoroughly settled in the
routine of camp life, and the men and
officers are rapidly rounding into soldiers.
The non-commissioned officers were busily
engaged yesterday in drilling the raw re
cruits of the different companies, and the
companies were also put through com
pany drill. Guard mount took place at
7:45 o'clock yesterday morning, and the
guard made an excellent appearance,
while the playing of the band showed
such noticeable improvement as to call
f. irth unstinted praise from Colonel Smith
and his staff.
Colonel Smith and his field and staff
officers were the guests of Captain Lock
ett yesterday morning at 8:30 o'clock, and
they rode to the golf grounds of the Pre-
Hklio, where they witnessed a battalion
drill of the Fourth Cavalry, under the
command of Captain Lockett. The bat
talion was put through all the field move
ments that troops are called upon to ex
ecute in time of war. Scouts were thrown
out and an imaginary enemy was
i harged. Colonel Smith and his officers
were greatly pleased and instructed by
the drill.
From the way the new soldiers are
wrkir.g to get into shape, from the col
onel down to the line, it can be easily
that they are all anxious to get
away to Man.la. The men s.-em imbued
with but one spirit, and it is that they
may be prepared when the call comes,
for there is hardly any doubt that the
First will be one of the volunteer regi
ments chosen by the Government to go
to the support of Admiral Dewey. If it
goes. Colonel Smith declares that his
command may be relied on to give a
account of itself and to do its duty !
under all circumstances.
The First an<! Seventh regiment camps
were thronged with visitors yesterday,
and especially waa this true of the camp
of the former. All of the families, friends
and relatives of the men who are to go to
Manila came out to see how near their
sons, brothers and husbands had ap
proached the stage of veteranship. Idle
curiosity was superseded by ardent ad
miration, and willing feminine ears lis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in ttie> Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
I_ B E3 T-. A.:N"-A^W\
\l 100 Lloyds. Capacity, 500 Passengers; 3000 Tons.
First Sailing = = JUNE sth.
DIRECT TO
DAW/SON CITY
And ALL POINTS on Yukon River, Connecting at ST. MICHAEL
With Our Fleet of New River Boats. Now in Alaska.
Through" ' ■■■<fe/^-Ct : inb OO First-Class
Tickets, g¥>*&<3^*-— Only.
150 LBS. BAGGAGE FREE— NO LIMIT TO EXCESS.
Lowest Rates to Any Point on Route. Freight for Dawson City, 10c a Pound.
Special Rates for Other Points on the River.
 — '..I ■ ■ ■ ■ .
MERCHANDISE ORDERS. . LETTERS OF CREDIT.
INo Fee Charged to Passengers.
.' tsr Vessels now loading for ST. MICHAEL, Boats, Machinery and
Freight taken at the Lowest Rates. Owning our own Warehouses, Wharf,
Lighters and Towboati. •-■■" .. ■". - ;■/■ :  ; . : , -.■ .
GENERAL PASSENGER AND FREIGHT OFFICES,
139, POS^ST^S^v LIEBES BUILDING.
tened eagerly to the stories of camp life
that the boys had to tell.
Lieutenant N«aU, Fourth Artillery,
united States army, who has been ap
pointed acting chief quartermaster of
the volunteer regiments, was busy yes
terday looksig after the needs of the two
commands. He instructed Colonels Smith
ana Berry to ascertain just exactly what
they needed, so that they ni'.ght be aoie
to make the proper requisitions upon his
department. Lieutenant Neall said that
tho troops were well supplied in the way
of rations as far as was necessary to keep
them in camp from day to day, but that
they yet needed many supplies before
they would be in shape to go to Manila.
He remarked that it would take at least
ten days to equip 10.000 troops. The am
munition is expected here in the near
future. Some of the troops that will go
to Manila with the volunteers have not
yet been recruited. Upon a conservative
estimate, it can be safely said that the
regiments will not be in shape to leave
before the 20th of this month.
A. W. Kimball has been commissioned
by Governor Budd to be tirst lieutenant
and regimental quartermaster of the Sev
enth Regiment. He was mustered into
the service by Captain Carrington yes
terday afternoon and immediately took
charge of his department. He formerly
held the same ofllce in the Fifth Regi
ment.
The adjutant -general of the Department
of California Is In receipt of the following
dispatch:
"Vancouver Barracks, Washington,
"May 10, 1898.
"Adjutant-General, Department of Cali
fornia: If troops go to Manila each man
should have a suit of brown canvas cloth-
Ir.g and two white suits, medium light
woolen underwear and barrack shoes.
Canvas clothing as now issued for fatigue
wear will answer. Take preparatory ac
tion. Merriam, Brigadier-General."
In the Seventh Regiment 155 men failed
to pass the physical examination and
they will be sent back to their homes at
the expense of the Government. In Com
pany D all of the commissioned officers
who came with the company from Los
Angeles failed to pass the physical exam
ination. They were Captain Thomas and
Lieutenants Reynolds and Phillips. H.
T. Matthews has been appointed captain,
J. A. Eason and Samuel Crawford lieu
tenants. All of these officers have seen
service in the National Guard and have
excellent records.
Captain Farrell, one of the assistant
surgeons of the- First, relieved Captain
Rethers yesterday. The two surgeons
will be in command of the hospital corps
upon alternate days while the regiment
remains in camp. The camp inspection
of the First was made yesterday by Cap
tain Sutliffe and Captain Rethers.
One hundred and eighty men were
treated at the hospital of the volunteer
command at the Presidio yesterday.
There is one serious case of fever which
the surgeons are watching closely.
A committee of native daughters of
California visited the volunteers at the
Presidio yesterday and arranged to sup
ply each soldier with a housekeeper's kit.
THE QUOTA IS
IN THE FIELD.
Prompt Work at State
Headquarters Highly
Commended.
The turning over to the United States
of California's quota of volunteers called
for by the President's proclamation was
completed by Governor Budd yesterday,
and with the exception of a few minor
details the executive of the State of Cali
fornia will have complied with every de
mand in connection with what is one of
the memorable events in the history of
the State.
The furnishing of California's quota of
troops was done with such remarkable
expedition that it has called forth words
of commendation from the War Depart
ment at Washington, from General H. C.
Merriam, commander of the department
of California and the Columbia, and from
many other sources.
Upon General Barrett will devolve the
work of clearing up the clerical end of
the great undertaking and looking after
the State's interest with the general Gov
ernment, in which both Colonel Fred Bur-
I gin and Colonel Phillip L. Bush will con
j tinue their valuable services until the
decks are cleared.
The following communication indicates
the appointments made by the Governor
yesterday and which completes the full
quota of officers called for:
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal., May 10, IS9B.
Captain F. tie L. Carrington, Mustering Offl
i cer California United States Volunteers. San
j Francisco, Cal.— Sir: I am directed b>- the
' Governor to inform you that he has appointed
the following officers to be commissioned In the
: First and Second Battalions of tue California
: United States Volunteer Infantry:
W. R. tobxman, lieutenant-colonel, command
i ing; Ous G. Grant, major, command First Bat
; talion; R. K. Whitmore, major, commanding
' Second Battalion; T. A. Rottanzi, captain and
assistant surgeon. First Battalion; C. A. Rog
ers captain and assistant surgeon. Second Bat
talion; W. G. Pozier Jr., first lieutenant and
battalion adjutant. First Battalion; J. W.
Johns, first lieutenant and battalion adjutant,
Second Battalion.
Captains— C. H. Dasher, Company A, Sec
ond Battalion; William Bruce, Company H.
Second Battalion; D. W. Morris, Company D,
, Batt&llon; J. F. Lucey, Company F,
Second Battalion; George O. Duncan, Company
C. First Battalion; G. W. Stewart, Company
E, First Battalion; W. H. Cook, Company G,
First Battalion; A. S. Guthrle, Company 11,
First Battalion.
Fir«t lieutenant! — George L». Doll, Company A,
j Battalion: L. A. Eaton, Company B,
Second Battalion; G. H. Freitas, Company D,
Second Battalion; J. A. McMartin, Company F,
Second Battalion; J. D. Jones, Company C,
First Battalion; G. L. Adams, Company E,
First Battalion: Lucien Beer, Company G, First
Battalion; R. Vandenheuvel, Company H, First
Battalion.
Second lieutenants— J. P. Morrell, Company
A, Pecond Battalion; , Company B, Second
Battalion; H. L. Walthall, Company D. Sec
■atalion; J. L. Hughes, Company F, Sec
ond Battalion: . Company C. First Bat
talion; C A. Spier, Company E, First Battal
ion; B. A. Hayden, Company G, First Battal
ion; A. R- Newell, Company H, First Bat
tat ion.
Battery D, California United States Volun
teers, Heavy Artillery— Captain, Henry Steere;
first lieutenant, J. W. F. Dlss; second lleuten
THE SAIS" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
ants—George L. McKeeby.and A. E. McKenzle.
Very respectfully,
A. W. BARRETT, Adjutant-General.
The Southern Pacific Company has re
ceived instructions from its Eastern con
nections to nialje arrangements for the
transportation of 1200 volunteer troops
from Denver and 300 from Salt Lake, who
will come by way of Ogden. It is also
highly probable that many more will
come from Boise, Idaho, Helena, Mont.,
and St. Paul, Minn., probably by way of
Portland, though arrangements may yet
be made to bring them via Ogden also.
The number of volunteers is not definitely
known, but it will no doubt amount alto
gether to some 4000 men.
SOLDIERS AT
A BANQUET.
Magnificent Testimonial to
the First and Seventh
Regiments, Califor
nia Volunteers.
The banquet tendered by Major General
Dickinson and staff to the field, staff and
LEADER OF THE FOURTEENH
Major Charles F. Robe, the Commander of
the Washington Regulars,
medical officers of the First and Seventh
regiments, United States California Vol
unteers, at the California Hotel last night,
was a magnificent affair, and the success
was all the more noteworthy by reason
of the fact that the event was arranged
in a single afternoon, for at 2 o'clock yes
terday General Dickinson and staff con
ceived the idea of bringing the officers to
gether Who had enlisted to defend the
country's flag and honor. The invitations
were sent out by telephone, the menu was
given in the hands of the printer at 3,
and at 7 in the evening guests to the num
ber of seventy-eight sat down to an elab
orate repast, and in five hours all the pre
liminaries had culminated in one of the
grandest affairs of that description ever
held in this city.
The banquet hail had been decorated
profusely with Old Glory, as If those sev
enty-eight loyal hearts and true were
bent on showing how dear to their hearts
is the dear old star-spangled banner. Flow
ers were in abundance also, and the won
der is that a banquet so complete in every
detail could be gotten up at a moment's
notice. All the guests were in fatigue
uniforms, with here and there a civilian
in full evening attire.
General Dickinson was toastmaster, and
on his right sat Adjutant General Bar
rett On his left were General Last, the
pride of the Seventh Rfgiment; Irving
M. Scott, Hugh Craig, Captain Curring
ton. Lieutenant S. A. Cluman, "William
Cluff and W. H. Chamberlain. Governor
Budd and Mayor Phelan were unable to
attend and sent their regrets.
Patriotism was also manifested in the
menu card, and such dishes as "Polsson
a la Sampson," "Punch a la Dewey,"
"Oregon Blue Points," Matanzas Let
tuce," "Infantry Riesling" and '•Artillery
Claret" served to whet the appetites and
quench the thirst of the soldiers, while
music of a patriotic character roused the
BROWN SERVED
BY A MARSHAL
Defendant In Mrs. Humphreys'
Breach of Promise Case
Is Found.
His Letters Show a Strange Mingling
of Business and Love
Making.
Cyrus Elwood Brown, president of the
Gowanus Mining Company, who has been
sued for $100,000 by Mrs. Alta Humphreys,
was served by a deputy United States
Marshal yesterday. He was much wor
ried over the suit, which he denounced
as blackmail.
ErnmoQS & Emmons, attorneys for the
plaintiff, say that their client is a busi
ness woman whose reputation is untar
nished. She is accompanied by her son,
a boy of 13, who takes a great deal of in
terest In the suit.
A perusal of some of the sixty-two let
ters which Brown is said to have written
the plaintiff shows that he was master of
the art of mixing love and business. In
several of his letters he dwells for a page
on his Idea of love, marriage and women,
after which he suddenly digresses with j
expressions purely commercial. One let- |
ter ends as follows: "My little charmer, |
I believfe in love and do not believe In
marrying for money or position. The hu
man heart criea out for congenial com- |
panionship. Inclosed you will find a |
prospectus of the mining company. You
can interest your frionds in it. I would
not ask you to do it, except that I know
you are a business "woman."
He speaks of his life as a recluse, say-
Ing that he has deserted society since his
wife's death sixteen years ago. But the
unfortunate fact for Mrs. Humphreys is
that the .wife spoken of as dead, la alive]
listeners to outbursts of hearty applause
and ringing cheers.
There were no set speeches, but almost
all present had something to say to con
tribute hie quota to making the affair the
success that it was. Among those who
responded were Colonel James F. Smith,
Colonel John Berry, Colonel Hopkins, Ma
jor Rice and Colonel Macdonald.
The special guests present were Briga
dier Last and staff. First Brigade, N. G.
C, and Brigadier General Warfield and
staff. Second Brigade, N. G. C.
WILL CARRY
NO TROOPS
The Navy Department Will
Make a Supply Ship
of the Peking.
The steamer Peking will be clear of her
cargo this morning, and she will be
turned over to the Navy Department at
once. Her first trip will be to the dry
dock, and then she will be loaded with
supplies for Dewey's fleet at Manila.
I Supplies are already being purchased.
! so the work of loading will be commenced
as soon as the vessel is in the water
i again. There will be stores for the ves
| sels of the Asiatic squadron and ammu
nition to take the place of the powder and
: shell that did such good work in Manila
i harbor. The Navy Department is not do
| ing anything about coal, however, and the
i supposition is that Dewey has all he
; wants. It is known that there was a large
; amount of coal stored at Manila, and this
I must now be in Dewey' s hands, so the
; Government is not worrying about the
j coal supply in Asiatic waters.
So far no provision has been made to
i transport troops on the Poking. At tho
navy pay-office it is given out that the
i navy is fitting her up as a supply ship
! and is doing nothing for the accommoda
j tion of troops on board. The transporta
i tion of troops and the chartering of yes-
I seb3 for that purpose belongs to the army,
j and so all arrangements of that kind have
been left to the army quartermasters.
Admiral Miller, who arrived here on the
Peking on Monday night, has reported to
', the Navy Department, but had received
!no orders up to last evening. It is his
■ intention to ruiye his flag on one of the
! vessels here — probably the Monterey—un
j less orders from Washington interfere
The Monterey is tho only vessel here with
accommodations for a fkig officer, and
even then he will have to take the quar
i ters of the captain, for as yet there is no
I captain on board the Monterey.
Twenty men were passed by the naval
recruiting officers yesterday, and all were
sent up to the navy-yard to the Indt;
pendence last evening. The office at
I present is shipping only first-class ma
i chinists, first-class firemen, seamen and
i ordinary seamen. As the Charleston will
I take away nearly all the available men
! when she is fully commissioned and the
I Philadelphia and Yorktown will both need
1 full crews, it is expected that before long
and has been living with Brown all the
time. She is now visiting in Brooklyn,
where she has been for several weeks.
FLOWEBS AND MUSIC.
Eighth Annual Exhibition and Bose
Show of the State Floral Society.
The war excitement will not prevent the
California State Floral Society from giv
ing its annual show, although there has
been some talk of dispensing with it this
year for that reason. The management,
however, has concluded that home indus
tries should not be let drop on account of
the international excitement.
The show opens in Golden Gate Hall on
Thursday at 1 p. m. and closes Saturday
at 10 p. m. Although conditions have been
somewhat against them this year the
management expects that this show will
be at least equal If not superior to any
former one. There are already about
forty exhibitors entered on the list, and
some of the counties have yet to be heard
from. The management has prepared a
splendid premium list and $400 in prizes
| will be distributed. An orchestra has
been engaged to furnish music through
out the show, and all arrangements have
I been made to comfortably accommodate
I the public. Following is the committee
of arrangements:
John Hinkle, manager; Mrs. W. H.
Wiester, secretary; Mrs. B. E. Hendrick
son, Mrs. J. R. Martin. Mrs. T. Waiker,
Mrs. C. D. Friedman and Mrs. M. Groth
well.
Mrs. Heinrich Set Free.
Mrs. Dorette Heinrich, who was arrest
ed last Saturday night on a charge of in
sanity preferred by her husband, B. Hein
rich, an engineer In the employ of the
Electric Light Company, was discharged
from custody yesterday by order of
Judges Hunt and Troutt. The examining
physicians of the Insanity Commission
gave it as their opinion that Mrs. Hein
rich was sane. She claims that her hus
band tried to get rid of her, having be
come infatuated with another woman.
The Seini-Centennial.
There will be a meeting of the presi
dents of the principal associations of the i|
the recruiting office will be shipping all
classes of men. .  • s*'-=
■• '-■■"- ;■' — ■ » .— • : -
WANTED THEIR
OWN OFFICERS
Company L of the Seventh
Regiment Objects to
Political Leaders.
Mutiny broke out in the ranks of the
Seventh Infantry, California Volunteers,
on Monday, and for a time it looked as If
though Colonel Berry would be short one
entire company at least.
The trouble, according to the state
ments of some of the officers and all the
men, and nobody has seen fit to deny
them, was due to an attempt of one offi
cer to pay off some political obligations
at the expense of certain officers of the
regiment. Vague rumors of the scheme
were in circulation before the regiment
left the south, but nothing definite was
learned until just before Captain Car
rington began to muster the companies
into the volunteer service.
Company L from Santa Ana wanted
Lieutenant Walter Greenkaf in the place
of N. A. Ulm. and the latter finally re
signed in Greenleafs favor, to the great
satisfaction of the company.
The* other officers of the Seventh who
were summarily dropped were Lieuten
ant Allen, Company A; Lieutenant
George, Company C; Lieutenant Saye,
Company E; Lieutenant Sloate, Com
pany K.
One of the officers of the Seventh who
failed to pass the physical examination
was Major Bangham. His place will be
filled by Lieutenant Colonel Welch of
General Last's staff.
Regulars Arrive.
Headed by the splendid regimental band
four companies of the Fourteenth United
States Infantry landed at the Market
street ferry at 10:30 o'clock on Monday
morning, and without pomp or ceremony
marched up Market street to Golden Gate
avenue, out that thoroughfare to Van
Ness, to Lombard street, to the Presidio.
Major Robe commanded the battalion,
with First Lieutenant Hunt acting as ad
jutant, and First Lieutenant Krauthoff,
Quartermaster. The battalion is composed
of Company D, Captain McCommon, Sec
ond Lieutenant Burnslde; Company F,
First Lieutenant Mitchell; Company G,
Second Lieutenant Miles; Company C,
First Lieutenant Biddle. It averages
sixty men to the company, while the band
numbers twenty-three men.
War Incidents.
Brigadier General M. W. Muller, Third
Brigade, National Guard of California,
seems to stand as good a chance as any
other officer to be appointed brigadier
general of volunteers from California.
He is a candidate for the position on his
merits as a soldier, but has no political
pull in his behalf. He has had twenty
four years of service with the militia,
and many officers of the regular army
regard him ua the most capable officer
in the National Guard. He was appoint
ed brigadier general of the State troops
by Governor Markham in IS9I, and was
reappointed by Governor Budd.
P. H. Bernays, manager of the San
Francisco branch of the Pope Manufac
turing Company, makes this announce
ment:
Any person now employed at the home or
branch offices of the Pope Manufacturing Com
pany, Hartford Rubber Works Company, Pope
Tube Company or Motor Carriage Department,
who shall enlist before May 20 into the volun
teer service of their country In the war be
tween the United States and Spain, will be in
sureil to the amount of $1000, one year, at the
exi«-ns<e of the above company. Upon honorable
discharge from such service the opportunity to
return to the employ of the above-named com
panies will be given to all persons who have
thus volunteered.
It was the intention of the Governor to
send the Sixth Infantry Intact, and he re
grets that there was any misunderstand
ing on the part of Company F of Fresno,
who offered their services conditionally,
the provisions of which he was unable to
accept, and which he was powerless to
carry out. He was therefore compelled to
select a company from some other regi
-mont to fill the quota called for to make
up the First Battalion.
In justice to Company F, Governor
Budd desires it to be stated that since
the matter has been explained to the men
they have made every effort to enter the
service unconditionally, and deplore the
fact of having unintentionally made the
error which forced them to remain be-
Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett yester
day received a telegram from General A.
W Greely, chief signal officer of the
United States army, stating that he re
gretted that no Quota for signal corps
had been called for from volunteers,
hence he could not accept the proffered
services of the signalmen of California,
but in case a corps was made up, Cali
fornia's well-trained signalmen would be
the first called.
The citizens of Stockton will present a
etand of colors to the First Battalion of
Infantry as soon as the flags are fin
ished. The presentation will be made at
the Presidio, where the battalion is ex
pected to be encamped.
Arrangements are being made to s'ipply
the Police Department of San Francisco
with Gatling guns and 400 Springfield
rifles As there are about 1700 Springfield
rifles and 200 Krag Jorgenson rifles in the
arsenal at Benicia, there will be no diffi
culty In securing all the arms required
It is the intention of the Governor to re
organize the National Guard at once, and
General Dickinson, under whose super
vision the reorganization will be made,
says the work will begin as soon as he
learns the exact status of affairs. Great
care will be taken to make the National
Qnard of the State much stronger than
heretofore; recruits between the ages of
IS and 45 only will be taken, and the men
will be required to pass a rigid physical
•.•xamination.
The I.l '■ lectors of the "Western S'igar Re
f.nni^ Ccn'ipany at a meeting yesterday
adopted a resolution that any employe
of the company enlisting for the war
State, representatives of the press and
prominent citizens at the Chamber of
Commerce rooms this afternoon for the
purpose of advising the '-onimittoe of tif
tcen appointed by the Mayor to take
charge of the celebration of the semi
centennial of the admission of California
into the Union. The meeting has been
called by the committee of fifteen, and it
is hoped to obtain, by the interchange of
views, a knowledge of what is desired
by the people, so that the work of ar
rangement will find favor with aN. The
meeting will open at 1 o'clock.
Outing of the Grocers.
To-day the grocers will enjoy a brief
respite from the monotonous rounds of
workday life. Stores will be closed gen
erally, and the grocer, his clerk, errand
boy and drummer will pack up a day's
provisions and hie away to Schuetzen
Park for a grand reunion. This is the first
affair of this kind the grocers have con
ducted, and its prime object is a day of
pleasure. Many valuable prizes will be
distributed during the day, both as gate
priz.-s and for competitive events, which
will include foot races, egg races, a pie
eating contest, a guessing contest for the
ladies, and many other events.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism :Cure is guaranteed to be absolutely
harmless, and a strong tonic in building up the weak
and debilitated. It cures acute or muscular rheuma-
tism in from one to five days. Sharp, shooting naina
Id any part of the body stopped in a few doses. A
prompt, complete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stitr back and all polna in hips and loins.
Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, luir.hngo or pain la
the back aro speedily cured. It seldom fails to plvo
relief from one to two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used. The Munyon
Hemedy Company prepare a Bepatate cure for each
iisease. At all drupgistb— 2s centsa vial. If you need
medical advice write Pro!'. Mnnyon, 1005- Arch
•Street, Philadelphia. It la absolutely free /
«h:ulj receive half pay from th* com
pany while he is in the service »>f th£
United States and be reinstated in his po
sition a i the expiration of his enlistment.
A :iinil:tr xesolution was adon:ed by the
directors oi the Tubbs Cortlige Company.
Troop A of the Hussars and the San
Francisco Rifles have consolidate! into
one organization 200 strong. The force
consists largely of men who have served
from one to three enlistments in the regu
lar army. The organizers have tendered
to President McKinley and Governor
Budd the services of the battalion. The
election of permanent officers will take
place at Pythian Castle this evening.
No Cable Interruption.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Sir: Referring to the notice in this
morning's paper stating that in conse
quence of a break in the cable between
Montevideo and Buenos Ayres tele
graphic communication is interrupted as
far as Buenos Ayres, the impression con
veyed is incorrect. The break in the cable
from Montevideo does not interrupt or in
terfere with the transmission of mes
sages to any point, either Montevideo or
Buenos Ayres.
The Western Union, In connection with
the Central and South American Cable
Company at Galveston, Tex., still main
tains telegraphic communication to Val
paraiso, Montevideo, Buenos Ayres and
all points on Brazilian lines. Yours truly,
H. STEELE, Manager.
Office of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, San Francisco, May 10, 1898.
Alger Dislikes Mosby.
It has come to light that one of the
reasons that Colonel Mosby has a hard
time to get recognition at Washington is
that he made himself active by hanging
a number of the men under Secretary
Alger, who was a captain of Michigan
Cavalry during the war. According to a
book called "Mosby's Rangers," a num
ber of Union soldiers were engaged in
burning houses at Castlemans Ferry on
August 14, 1564. They were under Algei.
Mosby was sent after them and he killed
about twenty-five of the number, for
which General Lee commended him. It
is said that Alger has never been able
to forgive the deed and that he has al
ways done all he could to block Mosby in
his ambitions.
ST. TAMMANY'S DAY.
It Will Be Observed in TLis City by
Two Tribes of the Improved
Order of Bed Med.
To-morrow will be St. Tammany day,
the day of the Improved Order of Red
Men, but it will not be generally ob
served in this city this year on account of
the fact that this is the jubilee year of
the order, and arrangements are being
made to have a grand celebration on the
Fourth of July. Still some of the tribes
will have individual observances.
Modoc tribe will give an entertainment
and dance in the wigwam on Post street,
and It is expected that it will be joined
by a number of members from tribes and
councils in this city and from those
across* the bay.
Osceola Tribe has made arrangements
for a grand trolley party for its members.
This will be over the lines of the electric
system, and will include a visit to North
Beach, South San Francisco, the power
house on the Potrero and a trip to Ingle
side.
L. G. Sresovich Co.,
The oldest shipping house In San Fran
cisco, is doing an extensive business
throughout the State, their orders be
ing filled with care and promptness.
519-521 Sansome street.
Widber Asked to Pay Up.
In accordance with instructions from
the Board of Supervisors, City Treasurer
Rels has made a formal demand upon
ex-Treasurer Widber for the restitution
of $118,536 97, the amount of the latter's
defalcation.
In the Divorce Courts.
Sarah Ryan has commenced suit for di
vorce against Frank T. Ryan on the
ground of cruelty.
Judge Daingerfleld has grunted Flor
ence Scott Woodard a divorce from Louis
Woodard on the ground of cruelty.
, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CTUDEBAKE?
clearing
SALE!
■ THIRTY DAYS, beginning May 10th,
GREATEST SALE OF VEHICLES ever
made on the Pacific Coast.
LANDAUS AND BROUGHAMS,
VICTORIAS AND PHAETONS,
TRAPS AND BRAKES.
All of the Studebaker reliable make, of-
fered regardless of cost.
We shall sell the stock of our Western
warehouses (now being closed), consist-
ing of MEDIUM GRADE
CARRIAGES, BUGGIES, PHAETONS,
SPRING WAGONS, ROAD WAGONS,
Suitable for CITY or ': COUNTRY USE.
In this stock are vehicles at $50 to $75.
This great sale is made necessary by the
consolidation of two large stocks.
On every vehicle will appear, in plain
figures, the regular and the special price,
showing the great reductions made. .
We invite inspection during this sale
from all" interested ;in honestly made
work, no ■ matter whether you expect to
buy or not. Come and see us.
STUDEBAKER BROS. 1 MFG. CO.,
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
AMUSEMENTS. ,
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Maaagar.
TO-NIGHT and Every Night • This Week.
NEW ' FACES AND SPECIAL FEATURES.
The Celebrated Eastern Star, :
FRANK NOON'—
In His Superb Dramatized Version of
THE PRISONER OF ALGIERS.
A Gorgeous Sequel to "MONTE CRISTO." '
At Every Performance a Grand
Contest Between
Big JIM JEFFRIES •
And JACK JEFFRIES.
-An opportunity for Every One to Observe the
Superb Physique of These Magnificent Athletes.
WAR BULLETINS BETWEEN ACTS.
Evening Prices.'.~.:..V.. .....10c, 25c- and 50c
-; Matinees Saturday and Sunday. -_-:
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter : Meeting ISO7-9S, Beginning TUESDAY.
May 3, to May 21 Inclusive. -{ ' " •
■■•■« .- ; OAKLAND RACE TRACK. /
RACING MONDAY,' TUESDAY. WEDNEBDAT,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. ;
FIVE OR ' MORE RACES EACH I DAY.
— - - RACES START AT 8:15 P. M. SHARP.
■ Ferry. boats leave Ban Francisco at 12 in. and
12:30. 1:00, 1:30,. 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing » with * train ; stopping '-■ at "; the entrance ■: to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
, Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and immediately after the last race.
• - THOMAS H. .WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
; R. •B. MILROY. Secretary. -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally, from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. ■'£•> -
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
>•■ Bathing, with admission, '; 23c; children, We. ; j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: INTERESTING EXPERIENCE
Of an lowa Lady Who Was Cured of .
Dyspepsia After Suffering for
Twenty-Five Years.
.Mrs. Sarah A. Skeels, an estimable
lady residing .at Lynnville, Jasper ■
County, lowa, was ; for twenty-five :j
years a sufferer from Dyspepsia, • and ]
her ' complete restoration :to health ;is j
so remarkable that we present the facts "
In the case for the benefit of our read- '
ers, many of whom have doubtless suf- j ;
fered in the same manner and will, 7-
therefore, be interested in learning how
all stomach troubles may be avoided
and cured. Mrs. Skeels says: I used
only one package of Stuart's Dyspepsia ;i
Tablets and I received such great " and ;
unexpected benefit that I wish to ex- I
press my sincere gratitude. ,In fact, it '
has been six months since I took the
medicine and I have not had one par-
ticle of distress or difficulty since. And 7
ail this in the face of the fact that the '
best doctors I consulted told me .my
case was incurable, as I had suffered
for twenty-five years. I want half a,,
dozen packages to distribute among my
friends here who are very anxious to >'
try this remedy. Yours truly, '
MRS. SARAH A. SKEELS. I
, The . reason why : Stuart's Dyspepsia ;
Tablets are so successful in curing in-
digestion and stomach trouble and the
reason why it never disappoints those
who need it and use it is because noth-
ing is claimed for it except what it will
actually perform. It is not a cure-all
and no such claims are made for it.'
It is ; prepared for the sole purpose of
curing Dyspepsia and the various forms f
of indigestion. 6£9PpS6999»ij
There is scarcely a patent medicine
made but what is claimed to cure dy- „
spepsia, as well as a hundred other
troubles. When, as a matter of fact, a
remedy to cure Dyspepsia must be pre-
pared especially for that and nothing
else; and among all the remedies, pat-
ent nostrums, bitters, etc., so exten-
sively advertised you will find .that'
Stuart's Dyspepsia , Tablets is the only %
one advertised as a cure for Dyspepsia '
j and nothing else. The remedy is pre- .
| pared by the Stuart Company of Mar-
shall, Mich., and for sale by all drug-
gists at 50 cents per package, and if -''
you suffer from any form of stomach
derangement or indigestion a trial will
not disappoint you.
A little book on stomach troubles
mailed free. Address Stuart Company,
Marshall, Mich. '
V AMUSEMENTS.
— — 5 : ~-~ — ■ — .-f-;r,' z.i
CALIFORNIA THEATER. ;
CROWDED AGAIN LAST.. NIGHT.
- The Glorlou3 Naval Drama
«THE ENSIGN."
: -Two Great Additional Attractions.-'
THE 'DRUMMER BOY OF SHILOH
AND HIS FLAG PICTURES.
First Appearance on the Stage of the Sailor Lad
TOM SHARKEY.
Popular Price 5........ •. 15c. 230 and 800
. Next Monday— "MOTHS."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
A Delightful Production
ALL . THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY,
The Eminent Romantic Actor,
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
: Accompanied by a Select Company,
Under the Management of M. W. HANLEY.
• .Presenting D'Ennery's ■
MONBfIRS.
Next Monday— "The Face In the Moonlight." ;
BALDWIN THEATER.
Proof Positive! Actions Speak" Louder Than
Words.
The Great French Pantomimist,
PILAR MORIN
; - Presenting the Tragic Pantomime,' ■■. ■
"IN OLD JAPAN."
In conjunction with Fritz Scheel's Orchestra.
Next Monday— "The Dresden Shepherdess."
Daily at 3 (except Saturday). "THE PAS-
SION PLAY." Seats 25c. Coming— YSA YE.
TO-NIGHT— TO-NIGHT— TO-NIGHT .
San Francisco Debut of the Charming Com-
edienne, MISS ISA BELLE URQUHART.
Supported by WILMER & VINCENT, In the f
funniest of farces. "IN DURANCE VILE": ?
GRUET, BEERS & GRUET, comedy, aero- :
bats; GEO. H. FIELDING. Emperor . comlo '
Jugglers; MLLE. BARTHO, transformation
dancer; KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART. new
subjects: LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, singing come-
dian, JOHN W. 1 .NSOME as Governor Budd,
HAVES & BANDY, dancing marvels, and
BOGART & O'BRIEN, musical comedians.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c. . .
GRAND MATINEE THURSDAY !
RED CROSS; FUNDS BENEFIT..
Full Orpheum bill and a host of contributed -,
talent. __ '. L|. '. . r
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Emetine Krelingr, Proprietor and Manager
EVERY EVENING
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera, ,i
SHIP AHOY!
—UP TO DATE AND AWAY AHEAD—
Correct Costumes. Great Cast. Superb Scenery.
Grand Naval Bombardment.
New Songs, Dances, Burlesques.
Medley of Patriotic Airs.
NEXT MONDAY
IROQUOIS CLUB NIGHT.
Popular Prices ..........25c and 50c •
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. "Igsfc
SHE IS PERFECTLY LOVELY,
NIOBE !
' A CHARMING COMEDY
Illustrated by L. R. Stockwell. Wright Hunt-
Ington and Alcazar Company. . ,
WAR BULLETINS BETWEEN ACTS. ;
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
NEXT WEEK— "Young Mrs. Winthrop." > !
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND PONY SHOW I
FINEST SHOW ON EARTH FOR LADIE3
, AND CHILDREN.
CENTRAL F»/\RK:.
Every Afternoon, 2:30; nights, 8:15.
'.PRICES— Adults. 25c; children. 15c
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
THE SOLDIER BOYS OF ■ THE "GALLANT
SEVENTH." : ,
Caught by the Animatoscope at
THE CHUTES.
"VISIONS OF ART"— The Great Ellwood, •
the Male Melba, and other Features. ;
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OF THE ZOO. I
Latest WAR ' NEWS Read from the STAGE. '
Me to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children Be. :
Look out for the ELEPHANT TUG-OF-WAR! v
THE KNEISELJCARTETTL
THREE CONCERTS ONLY. !
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL. i
MONDAY EVENING, 'MAY 16. " \ '
WEDNESDAY EVENING. MAY 18.
• SATURDAY AFTERNOON. MAY M. I
PRICES $2 and $1 50. ■ ' s y.' ■
: Sale of seats commences TO-MORROW ■
MORNING at Sherman, Clay Co.'s, cor.
Sutter and K«»arny "-., |
• f\r VIVID I A I Corner of Mt«on u\i ' '
UL.YXYIHIA ; . I v . Edd/ sireetii \
■ WAR ! i WA-R! ■ NEW WAR f SCENES !— Morro !
Castle; the Maine; divers at work; feeding re- .
concentrados ; Spanish . troops . and ships, •■ with ' •
a host of thrilling Havana war scenes by tha
Biograph, and a great olio of specialties. AD-
MISSION FREE.. V- - ' : ' ; . ■-
■ - ■■ ■ ■ -'. -• =■- :; --... ;Y; Y , ■ ;/ '
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.i
. . LAST TIME.
"LITTLE PAI.OMA SCHRAMM,
-'--:;. Child Pianist and Composer. .
" SATURDAY AFTERNOON, May 14. a* S.
1 Seats •at I Sherman. '; Clay.' & Co.'s ' music start* H
■■iiwwiwiiMHiifii) 'i'iMi«arn"wi/i'Wi%'iini'nMi"'iii'i[r"»iinin»i»*lM
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat still excited.
Barley quiet.
Oats. Corn and Rye steady.
Flour and Millstuffs firm.
Hay doing better again.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans firm and unchanged.
Cottolene advanced.
New Potatoes firm; new Onions weak.
Green Peas and String Beans firm.
Throe cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Butter firm. Cheese easy.
Eggs doing rather better.
Cherries and Apricots dragging.
Strawberries in large supply.
Oranges lower and dull.
Prunes still in demand and firm.
Honey quiet again.
Lard firm.
Wool and Hops dull. Hides unchanged.
Hogs firmer. Mutton weak.
Oils unchanged.
Increased exports of Specie.
Shipment of $4'.'3.2o3Jo_China.
THE GOVERNMENT BALANCE SHEET.
The following Is a statement of the pnblic
debt and of the cash in the treasury of the
United States at the close of business April 30,
received from S^orntary Gage: Interest-bear
ing debt. $547,367.010; debt on which interest
has ceased since maturity. $1,280,650; debt bear
ing no interest. 5355.595.584;; certificates and
treasury notes, offset by nn equal amount of
cash in the treasury. J5fi4.306.933; aggregate of
debt, 11.798,560.807. Compared with the state- j
ment issued March 31 the figures show a de- j
crease of certificates and treasury notes
amounting to $13,096, 000, and a decrease in the j
aggregate debt of $13,736,350. The cash in the
treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
>217 190,135: silver, $512.!<H4.252: paper. $70.52*5.
04S- bonds, minor coin, fractional currency, j
etc., $30,607,395; aggregate, 8821,117.862. The i
cash balance in the treasury- March 31 was
$226 166,943, and on April 30 5215.510.622, showing
a decrease during the month of {10,356.821.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of gold coin at San Francisco
for the first four months of the year was as
Paid* for duties $1,912,100
Exported 14,983,700
Withdrawn $16.895.500
Coined January 1 to April 30 16,095,000
Added to local circulation 800.800 j
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from this port during the ]
first four months of the year were $17,248,495.
against J16.437.579 for the same time last year,
and included $14.953.721 in gold coin. $1,353,144
In silver bullion and $fi44.7"2 in Mexican dol
lars. China took a total of $1,605,400, India
$415,900 and New York $15,059,000.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $493,203.
consisting of $184,521 in Mexican dollars, $2632 ]
in gold coin, $301,600 in sliver bullion and $4150
In Bilver soles.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours, j
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal i
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied j
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- !
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied !
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually !
first appear on the Washington coa«t. When !
the pressure is high in the interior and low i
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and aouth along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of I
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm- j
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of I
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Call- '
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and oolder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
ri2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 10. 1898, 6p. m. !
Following are the maximum temperatures re- i
ported to-day from weather bureau stations In :
California:
Eureka, 54; Fresno, 96; Los Angeles, 74; Red
Bluff, 90; Independence, 84; San Diego, 66; Sac
ramento, 84; San Luis Obispo, 72: Yuma, 102.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 63; !
nilnimum, 46; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure Is moving in over j
Washington and Vancouver Island. An area ;
•of low pressure is central to-night over north
eastern Montana, Northern Dakota and Mani
toba.
The temperature has fallen slowly over East
ern Oregon and Northern Idaho. Throughout
California it has remained nearly stationary. '
The temperatures in the great valleys are from
7 to 17 degrees above the normal.
With the exception of very light showers at
Fort Canby and Port Angeles, no rain has
fallen on the Pacific Slope in the past twenty
four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty '
hours ending midnight. May 11, 189S:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
fog In the morning along the coast; northerly
winds inland: fresh northwesterly winds on the i
coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday; colder north.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh westerly winds:
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken !
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind '.vest. 3 miles per hour;
temperature. 72; maximum. 72.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 10.— The stock market was
largely influenced to-day by the wheat market,
the movements in which unsettled the tone In I
all speculative markets. No doubt successful
speculator! of j-esterday In wheat immediately ■
placed a part at least of their profits in the .
Mock markets. This kind of support had no '
Hinall part in the undertone of strength In
stocks yesterday. To-day the wiping out of \
paper profits and the tumbling of prices in |
wheat resulting In the uncovering of margins
Induced liquidation in the stock market. The
market during the early part of the day ab- j
sorbed a very large line of offerings to liquidate
profits and the selling for London account was
also heavy again, total sales for that account
being estimated at over 25,000 shares. The gen
eral demand for stocks through commission
hotnes was sufficient to take up these offer
ings at a well-sustained level of prices. There
was evidence also of the operation of bull
pools here and there in the list, notably in
some of the low-priced stocks which are usually
almost Inactive and immovable. The strength
Imparted to these stocks helped to sustain the
market and with the rally from the opening
weakness in the wheat market there came a
period of aggressive strength in stocks which
iWted prices substantially above last night's 1
level. The late decline was effected on a much
smaller volume of offerings than was well ab- i
■orbed in the morning's dealings. Short selling
by the bears was conspicuous. A slump of I
over four points in Tobacco also had its effect
In the late weakness. There were fractional I
recoveries before the close, which was firm at
net losses of over a point in some cases.
SUae loans were offered to-day at four pe^l
cent np to four months and prime mercantile
paper was also quoted lower at 5 to 6 per cent.
There was nevertheless a decline In the rates
for Sterling Exchange amounting to about one
half of yesterday's gain. This development in
Sterling Exchange in face of the easier ten
dency of money, large selling of securities here !
for foreign account and the announcement of i
the shipment from Australia yesterday of |
$2,500,000 in gold for San Francisco is highly
significant of the continued strength of tIM
country In the world's international exchanges.
The market for railroad bonds showed a re
actionary tendency in sympathy with stocks,
but the business was not large. Total sales, .
12,000,000.
United States new 4s coupon sold at a decline
of >4 from the last sale. Bid prices were tin
changed.
The total sales of stocks were 405,600 shares.
Including: 26,900 Atchison preferred. BMB C and
0.. 16.500 Burlington, 15,700 Louisville and
Nashville. 7000 Manhattan, S4OO Metropolitan
Street Railway. 6400 Reading preferred. 6300
Missouri Pacific, 3400 M. K. and T. preferred.
4SOO New York Central. Sl4O Northern Pacific,
9960 do preferred, 37.000 St. Paul. 39M Southern
preferred. 24,900 Union lTiclflc. 4300 V. P. P.
and 0., 46f>0 W abash preferred. 3540 American
Spirits. 47.620 American Tobacco. ir>,9<X> Chicago :
Great Western, 12.900 People's Gas, 32.110 Pu«:»r.
6887 C. and 1.. 8375 U^S^_Rubber. 4363 Western i
Union.
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 10.— Atchison. 12%; Bell Tele- !
phone, 260; Burlington, 99; Mexican Central, 5; I
Oregon Short Line, 30; San Diego, 1
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12H U P Common ... 23%
Do pref ........ 80"4 Bt P & Om 73%
Baltimore & Ohio 17% Do pref, 150
Canada Paclno -.83 St P M & M, 136
Canada Southern. 60 So Pacific 15%
Central Pacific.... 13 So Railway 8%
Ches & Ohio 21% Do pref 29
Chi & Alton 15S Texas & Pacific.. 11
Chi B& 0 89 Union Paclno ...1 58% |
Chi & E 111. ...... 60 UPD & G 6%
C C C & St L.... 80% Wabash 7%
Do pref 76 Do pref 19% j
Del & Hudson ... 110% Wheel & L B 2%
Del L & W 160 Do pref 12% ]
Don &R Q 10% Express Companies— !
Do pref 46 Adams Ex 100
Erie (new) 12% American Ex 123
Dq Ist pref 35 United States .... 38
Ft Wayne 167 Wells Fargo ...... 114
Gt Nor pref 159 Miscellaneous —
Hocking Valley .. 6 A Cot Oil 204
Illinois Central .. 103 Do pref 74%
Lake Erie & W... 15% Amn Spirits 11% !
Do pref 70 Do pref 28
Lake Shore IS6 Am Tobacco lU'%
Louis & Nash.... 53% Do pref 117
Manhattan L 102% People's Gas 97%
Met St Ry 14S Cons Gas 185
Mich Central .... 105 Com Cable Co ICO
1 Minn & St L 26% Col F & Iron 21% j
Do Ist pref 84 Do pref 90 I
IMo Pacific 33 Gen Electrio 35%
| Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Illinois Steel 50
Jin X & T 11 Laclede Gas 45% :
Do pref 35 1» I^ead 32%
Chi Ind & L 8% T>o pref 105%
Do pref 27 Nat Lin On 17%
N J Central 93% Or Imp Co 3
N T Central 115 k» Pacific Mail 27%
N V Chi & S L... 13 Pullman Palace.. 179
Do Ist pref .... 65 Silver Cert 56
Do 2d pref .... 32 Stand R& T 5% |
Nor West 13 Sugar 131
No Amer Co .... 5S Do pref 112
, No Pacific 26% T C & Iron 25
Do Dref 65 US Leather 6~i
Ontario & W 15 Do pref 62% j
Or R & Nay 50 U S Rubber 1!>
Or Short Line ... 30 Do pref 70% i
Pittsburg 167 West Union 89%
Reading IS% Chi & N W 123% i
Do Ist pref .... 44%' Do pref 171
Rock Island 96% iSt L & S W 4% '
St L & S F 6%: Do pref 11
Do Ist pref .... 58V 4 |R G W 20
Do 2d pref .... 27 | Do pref 57
St Paul 9S 'Haw Com Co 20 I
Do pref 144% Chi G W 14
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% N Carolina 6s 122%
Do coup 122% Do 4s 101
U S 4s 10S% No Pac lsts 115% ;
Do coup 109% Do 3s 60
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 94%
U S 5a reg 110% N V C & S L 45.. 104
Do 5s coup 110% N"r & W 6s 117
District 3.65s 113 Northwstrn cons. 135
Ala class A 100 Do deb 5s 115
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 11l
Do C 90 O Nay 4b 94%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 125
Atchison 4s 90 OS Line Ss tr.... 102% I
Do adj 62% O Imp lsts tr.... 108%
Can So 2ds 107 Do 5s tr 58
Chi Term 4s 83 Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 5s 113 Reading 4s 83
C H & D 4%5.... 109% R G W lsts 82 i
D & R G lsts.... 104% [S L & I M C 55... 91
D & R G 4s 91% S L & S F G 65.. 116%
East Term lsts... 106 St P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s 71% St P C & P lsts.. 116
FW & D lsts tr. 71% Do r.s 115
Gen Electric 55.. 102'- So Ry 55..... 92
G H & S A 65.... 102% Stand R & T 65.. 60
Do 2ds . 106 Term new set 35.. 87
H & T C 5s 110 T&P L G lsts.. 103
Do con Gs 109 Do Rg 2ds 33%
lowa C lsts 99 UPD & G lsts.. 53%
La new cons 45.. 95% Wab Ist 5s 107
L <fr N Unl 45.... SS j Do 2ds 81% \
Missouri 6s 100 <W Shore 4s 108
M X & T 2d5.... 62%'Va Centuries 68
Do 4s KB%! Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lsts.. 117 !U P rref 58%
NJC Ss 113 !U P 4s 93 ;
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30] Ontario 2 50
Crown Point in Ophir 40 j
Con Cal & Va 65! Plymouth 08!
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00 |
Gould & Curry... 20 Do pref 200 I
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 62 j
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 50 |
Iron Silver 45 Union Con 18 j
Mexican 10 i Yellow Jacket ... 25 I
LONDON MARKET.
>EW YORK, May 10.— Tho Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were dull, y jUt Rood to-day. The
settlement showed a small account, but money
rates were maintained. Contangoes on Ameri
cans were 4 to 6 per cent, except on Milwaukee
and St. Paul, which was scarce for delivery,
large blocks of It having been recently shipped
to New York. The tone of the markets was
generally good, notably for Americans, al
though there was some hesitation In dealing
in the laiier because it is believed that a big
battle is imiJfinllr.g.
The inquiry for gold has momentarily ceased.
the Hank of England being the only buyer.
Spain is said to be buying silver.
I learn from a good source that a Russian
loan of 12o.«kj,000 is to come out In Berlin.
There was a sharp fall in Russian exchange,
which, together with Berlin exchange, has
been affected by the reports of a Kussian loan.
The report that the Spanish July coupon has
been provided for is probably correct. I am
! told from good source that the Banque Je
I Paris advanced the money on bank bills at 6
! pei cent and a commission.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, S6; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar
j silver steady, 26d per ounce. Money, 3@'3^4 per
, cent
Spanish 4's declined to 32% and later ad
vanced to 33%. closing at the latter price.
Yest-rday's closing price was 32^.
PARIS, May 10.— Spanish 4's closed at
33 1-16. Yesterday's closing prices, 31 11-16.
MADRID, May 10.— Spanish 4's closed to-day
at 6L Gold was quoted at 79.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 10.— The bears In wheat
had a chance to retaliate to-d.iy. Had did po
with a vengeance, particularly in the last
hour, when their persistent attains upon the
market resulted in a wholsale tumble of \:il
ues, July losing nearly 10c a bushr.l in a half
hour's time. From the standpoint of flucua
tlons the market was by far the wildest seen
In years. Speculative trade was not viuitt; co
feverish as yesterday, outsiders bains gener
ally absent, although there were hea/y nal
lngs in the last break. There were fr-quent
changes in the market of a half cenl a bu.shel
between traders all day. The immediate open
ing was SV-c lower at $1 23 for July, based on
i a severe reaction in the Liverpool market.
This depression did not last ions, however, as
' the crowd was very nervous and yi»ldci laiily
to a strong bull movement which excited
i heavy covering, and rushed July in quick
: stages up to $1 31%, which was the: top lor the
i day. From that figure there was a tieady
. downfall until July sold at $1 13%. Then tf>«ie
was a quick reaction to $1 23, .vim $1 11 the
•.■losing figure. On the curb further selling pull
!ed the price down to $1 20&. Tie feature in
May was a late advance to $1 91, exce<xt!Xkg ttie
previous high point by lc a busjjl, the close
' being the top for the day. and o^c .liglier than
: last night, although July and the lai'er
I months closed with a net loss or 4^»®6^c per
bushel.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
! NEW YORK, May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
i 31.51G; exports, 17,744. Market unsettled and
nominal, with buyers and sellers entirely out
i of line; winter patents, $6 754J17 25; do straits,
Vi it'll ti 75; Minnesota patents, $7 50(0-7 75.
WHEAT— Receipt*, 259,000 bushels; exports,
j 266,721. Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1 93^ f. o. b.
' afloat to arrive, nominal. Options opened weak
In response to lower cables and passed through
a day of the wildest price fluctuations seen in
years. After the first break shorts were run
In on a feverish bulge, which in turn was fol
lowed by a second crash in all months but
May under heavy unloading. The close was
excited at s^c advance on May, but 4V6@ 1 6VsC
decline on other months. No. 2 red May $1 80®
1 91, closed $1 91; July. $1 19^1 31%, closed
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Uulet.
PETROLEUM— Strong.
METAI^S— The market for metals ruled gen
erally quiet and rather featureless, with the
Metal Exchange, announcing the closing as
follows:
PlGlßON— Warrants Qute-t; $6 90 bid. %9 80
asked.
LAKE COPPER— Steady; »12 bid and $12 15
! asked.
TlN— Quiet; $14 60 bid, $14 55 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet; |4 10 bid, $4 20 asked.
LEAD— Easy; $3 62^ bid. 13 67V4 asked. The
I firm fixing the settling price for miners and
smelters quotes lead at $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
6 points lower to 6 points higher. Sales, 6760
bags, Including July, $5 76. Spot ooftee— Rio,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX., WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
I quiet: No. 7 lnvnle«v 6%e; No. T Jobbing, 7%c;
mild. quirt; Cordova. 8%<8>16%c. ,«
SUGAR Raw, |(Mdy; fair refining, 3%c; cen
! trifugal. !>c. tttt, 4 Mo; refined, steady. — -^
BUTTER K.vulptn, 10,802 packages. Firm.
Western iTi-ami«ry. 14"»«/I7c; Elglns, 17o; fac
'"k.-.j's 'iU',-l|Xi., 81.852 packages. Steady;
Western. lOWflto; Southern. 10@10%c.
■ I DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YOHK. May 10.— California Dried
Fruits: Applet, firm: other fruits, steady.
EVAPOKATKD APPLES — Common. 6£Tc;
; prime .wire trny. SH©9c; wood-dried, 9@9%0;
choice, »>•; fancy. »%@loc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8<8>10c: Moorparic. 10<8>12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. B®8c; peeled, 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 10.— Intense ■ excitement In the
wheat pit- marked the day from the very start.
Liverpool showed a decline jat the opening of
Rio a bushel for May and 2c for September.
, This was offset by a preliminary Jump o*. 9%0
In July. But the second cables showed a sud
den slump In July also. This , unlooked for
; procedure on the part of the English market
caused a weak opening here. July began with '
I declines of 2@3c. ' Trades were on a range of :
$1 17@1 18. Four subsequent j quotations re
! duced the price to $1 16. Here the supply of j
wheat suddenly vanished and quotations j
I steadily advanced to $1 25, the highest point j
! yet reached by the July option. May wheat ,
j was only heard from at long Intervals Trad- ,
ing In it began 2o lower at $1 73 The suo- | |
I ceedlng sales were at $1 75. $1 80 and $1 85. It
I had occasional reactions to $1 _ SO. but was not j
I picked up. It was about 11 o'clock when July j
touched $1 25. It rebounded to $1 24. rallied to |
11 25 and then took a steady downward course^
Stop orders on long wheat seemed thick and
close under the market. The downward flight
was checked temporarily at around . »1 17.
Trade was narrow and ordinary *.?^**
hard to execute. A quarter of an hour before
the close a flood of wheat broke loose. The
selling was based largely upon the presumption
i that to-day's Government crop report might do
bearish. Scalpers ventured to put out short
lines. July slumped In a couple of minutes
i from around $1 18 to $1 05. Most of the trades
! were a full cent apart. When the liquidation
I was exhausted, shorts tried to even up. and
j the market rushed up again to $1 15. closing
at $1 14. a net loss of 6%0. May sold between
$1 73 and $1 85. closing 10c net higher at $1 85.
September, which sold early at 93% c. tumbled
to 88c and closed at 90»4c.
Trade in corn was moderate. Fluctuations
followed wheat on a small scale, July closing
I^f3 l l%c Jower. '..
The oats market shaped Its course after
! wheat and corn. July closed with a net loss
' ° No life' on the buying side of the market
could be infused Into provisfons. Closing |
prices show* net losses of 15c In July pork ;
and 3U,@sc lower for ribs and lard.
i The leading futures ranged as follow:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. — I
! May ..173 185 173 185
July :...... 118 125 105 114
September 93% 93% 88 90%
December 87 88% 84% 85% |
: Corn No. 2—
May 36% 36% 35 35J4 ,
- July 36% 37 35 36%
I September ."I.:.:. 37 37% 35% 36*
i Oats No. 2—
May 31% 31% 30% 31
July .' 27% 28 26-4 27% ,
September 24% 25 2334 24
■ Mess Pork per 'A—
May 10 80 10 85 10 80 10 85
Ju1y.:.:...::.:. 1120 1125 1100 1107%
Lard per 100 lbs—
I May 5 82% 6 87% 5 82% 6 87%
July- 690 690 685 590 j
September 600 6 02"- 695 600 j
' Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
! May 555 '
July ".'.'.'. 5 57% 580 555 560
September -67% 5 67% 5 62% 5 67%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, un- j
settled; foreign demand fair; standard patents, !
$8: No. 2 spring wheat. $1 20, nominal; No. 3
spring wheat, $1 10<gl 60: No. 2 red, $1 73@1 83;
i No. 2 corn. 36>4<g36%c; No. 2 oats. 3Hi<g3l%c;
: No. 2 white. 34c; No. 3 white, 33UQ^%c; No. i
i 2 rye, 69c; No. 2 barley, 43©500; No. 1 naxseed. ■
i 11 37%; prime timothy seed, $2 70@2 80; mess
pork, per bbl, $10 85(310 90; lard, per 100 lbs.
'■ $5 87%@5 90; short ribs sides (loose), 15 30®
6 65; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 7506;
short clear sides (boxed), $5 90-S6 10; whisky, :
distillers' finished goods. $1 23.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ... 16,200 10,900
Wheat, bushels 142,000 18,100
1 Corn, bushels 675.000 972.000
Oats, bushels 475,500 407.000
Rye, bushels 9.200
Barley, bushels 43.800 60.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@16c; dairies,
12@14c Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese, dull
and unchanged. __
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
' >;" • Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels. ■
Minneapolis 136.050 79.790 j
Duluth 68.788 73,498 ,
' Milwaukee 66.300 650
Chicago  142.170 18,132 !
Toledo 136,062 225.000 j
St. Louis 25.000 54,000 (
Detroit 9.501
Kansas City 24,000 46.500 ;
Totals 608,401 497,570
j Tidewater" —
i Boston !
New York 259,000 236.721
Philadelphia 12,563 24.088
Baltimore 41,249 18,000 j
New Orleans 170,000
GaJveston .
Totals ...... ..7T7T777 :
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. Deo.
Opening ..65 85 55 96
Closing . 66 40 58 00
i Fi.-.ur— >;-•
i Opening 3105 25 50
j Closing 3175 28 00
.LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 115% 36% 75%
j Closing 117% 112% 85% 74%
WINTER WHEAT OUTLOOK.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The May returns
to the statistician of the Department of Agri- j
' culture show the acreage in winter wheat to |
! be 6.7 per cent greater than the acreage last I
year, the comparison being not that with the ]
acreage harvested in 1897, ; but with that sown j
in the fall of 1836.
While there is an Increase of 26 per cent In I
Kansas, ' a more or less increase In every East
i crn and Southern State and some Increase also
'■ on the Pacific Coast, the large expansion thus
Indicated is to some extent offset by a decrease
of 2 per cent in Indiana, 3 per cent in Ohio,
12 per cent in lowa, 13 per cent In Missouri and
16 per cent in Illinois. The average condition
of winter wheat is 86.6, against 80.2 on May 1 of
last year. in the nine States with 1,000,000
I acres or upward in • this product the average
areas follow:
.Kansas, 105; Pennsylvania, 96; Michigan and
Tennessee each, 95; Missouri, 88; Indiana, 87;
Illinois, 86; Ohio, E2. and California, 26.
Correspondents agree in reporting the crop
of California . to be one of the smallest ever {
raised in the State. On the other hand the
crop of Kansas bids fair to be the largest in
its history.
The average ' condition of winter rye Is 94.5,
i as compared with 88.0 on May l of • last year.
<■■■ EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
CHICAGO, May -10. —CATTLE— Trade In cat-
I tle, to-day; was extremely dull. Prices held !
about steady, the I bulk of offerings going . at '
! $4 35©5; stockers and feeders, $4@4 75; cows and j
j heifers. %i 50© 4 60. ;
HOGS— Were active at advances of 5c Sales \
'' were at an extreme range of $3 95@4 72%, chiefly
1 at $4 10@4 25; pigs, $3 60@3 90.
I SHEEP— in sheep was active at yester
day's advance. Lambs sold at $4(g4 90 for
. clipped and ?5@5 30 for wooled. Sheep were j
: inactive at $3 50<@5 25.
i : Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; hogs, 21,000; sheep,
1 ! 15,000. .- . •'•,•-■ ■
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
: ' official, - 8200. Market . about 10c lower; choice
i beeves, $4 75©4 90; light dressed beef steers,
'' $4 30:5 4 65; Westerns, $4@4 45; stockers and j
: ; feeders, ; $5@5 65. " - - • .. • :
■•: HOGS— Steady. Heavy, $4@4 10; mixed, $3 85
; I 08 95; lights, $3 70@3 92%; pigs, $3@3 65; pack
; i ers, $3 75®3 97% yorkers, $3 So@3 85.
' ■-'• SHEEP— Receipts, 2300. Good muttons, $4®
! I 4 50; culls, $2 75©3 50; native wool lamba, $4 85
! <S>s. omaha;
OMAHA.
OMAHA. . May 10— Receipts, 4800.
Market steady to 10c lower; native beef steers.
$3 90@4 S5; Western steers, $3 75@4 40; cows and
heifers. $3 25*84 20; stockers and feeders, $3 80®
4 SO;- bulls," stags, ■ etc.. J2 75f03 75. ,.-:. : ■.
>-• HOGS — Receipts, 9300. Market 5c higher;
heavy. $3 90@4; mixed, *3 90@3 95; ; light, J3 90®
i 3 95: bulk of - sales. $3 92%@3 97%. ' . ;
. SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Market steady; fair .
to choice' natives, $3 70@4 25: fair to choice
Westerns, *3 60<gH 15; lambs. ?4@5 25.
' . _ : DENVER.
J DENVER, May , 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Market steady to strong; I beef ; steers. ; J3 90®
4 70; cows, ' $3@4; feeders, freight paid to ! river,
13 80®4 30; stockers, freight paid, $4@4 60; bulls
and -■ stags, $2 25@3 25. -:
;• HOGS— Receipts, 600. Market 5c higher and
firm; light packers, |3 95#4; mixed, •$3 90®3 97;
I heavy. $3 70@3 95. •  , -• .
' SHEEP— none. Market unchanged.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 10.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 13.364 bales were offered, including super-
I fine Tasmania^ Oeelong greasy . merinos, which
I were strongly competed for. New South Wales
attracted , much ' attention, especially medium
I scoured. ■■\ : ' : V-'-- ; '-: .'■■■'■' '' ■■'■■'"■' ■ - •.. -"'^ •.- ■. ■ .
■Following are the sales In detail:
New South » Wales, : 4900 ; Scoured, 9%d®
i Iss%d ; greasy, SH'g'lld.'' -'■ ~T :
' Queensland, 200 bales— Greasy, 6 1 4@S%d. .-.-••
Victoria, •'.' 2200 " bales — Scoured, r Bd@ls ■ 7d;
greasy, 6@10%d. ■.-; ■= ■' ■■:.-':- .' -
.- South j Australian, v 600 — Scoured, ; 7d@ls
l%d; greasy, 6®7%d. .. * '.■■.. ,
::. Tasmania, 1800 Greasy, 5%<L. ,
New Zealand, 2100 bales— Scoured, 6%d3>la 6d;
greasy, 5%@10d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 600 bales-
Greasy, 6%@7d.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Special cable and tel
egraphlc dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changes in available supply since
last Saturday, as compared with the preced
ing Saturday:
WHEAT— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease. 1,231,000.
Afloat for and in Europe, 4,700.000, due to
monthly revisions and heavy clearances at Rus
sian ports.
World's supply, total decrease. 5,931.000.
CORN— United Staten and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains decrease 2.142.000.
OATS— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1 657.000.
The combined stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle shows a
gain of 240.000 for the week.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. May 10.— Although the wool market
Is very quiet and sales are small there have
been more calls noted and considerable In
quiry is noted. The feature of the market has
been the demand for suitable wool for army
contracts.
Territory wools— Montana fine medium and
fine. 15@16c; scoured, 45c staple, 48c. Utah,
Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine. 14@15c;
scoured. 43^45c; Btaple, 48c.
Australian wools, scoured basis— Combing su
perfine, 70 ( g)72c; combing good, 66<??68c; combing
average, 62@65c; Queensland combing, 65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 10.— Consols, 111 8-l«; silver,
26d; French rentes. 102f 82% c.
LIVERPOOL, May 10.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California wheat, 53s 3d; cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, sell
ers at advance Is to 2s; English country mar
kets, strong; French country markets, firm;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 19-325.
CLOSE.
CORN— Mixed American dull 4s Id; July
steady, Ss 10% d; September steady. 8s 10% d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter firm, 14s Sd.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May 10.-^The treasury state
ment shows: Available cash balance, $213,
313,585; gold reserve, $180,428,261.
—
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 10.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 5 11-16 c.
NEW YORK, May 10.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 6%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 10. -Exchanges, $310,
687; balances, $35,430.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., May 10.— The local wheat
market Is firm, with h'gher prices ruling.
Walla Walla was steady at about 93c and
Valley and blue stem $1 and $1 01 per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 10.— Wheat nominally un
changed. Club, $1 06; blue stem, $1 10.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars — Nominal
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nomnlal at 28s 9d,
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 3047, against
5428 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 4090 tons, against 94,000; on the way
to thts port, 225,700 tons, against 281,500.
WHEAT — The scramble for Breadstuff In
England and on the Continent continues and
prices are steadily rising there. But this mar
ket Is largely governed by Chicago, which Is
in the grip of young Mr. Letter at present, who
is pulling and hauling It all sorts of ways, as
suits his Interests. Thus, yesterday. It opened
at $1 17 for July, rose to $1 25, declined to
$1 07 and recovered to $1 1L while the local
bzrokera were watching the blackboard with
bulging eyes, and yelling themselves hoarse
on the calls between times. Of course, when
the market bobs around like this it is almost
Impossible to give accurate quotations, but
those below are not far from the true figures.
The mhillers are about the only buyers at
the moment, and are getting supplies wherever
they can, but chiefly from Oregon and Wash
ton. The shippers are doing little or nothing.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 80@l 82%; milling. $1 85
<gl 90 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
SOOO ctls, $177%; 2000, 177%; 2000, $177H: 4000,
$1 7714; 2000, $1 78%; 2000. $1 76%: 20,000, $1 77.
Second Session- December— 2000 ctls, $1 72%;
ROOO. $1 72%; 22,080, $1 73.
Regular Morning Session — December — 16,000
ctls. $172%; 2000. $171%; 2000. $171%; 22.000,
$1 72%; 6000,. $1 72\: 4000, $1 72%; 2000. $1 72V4-
Afternoon Session -December— 6ooo ctls, $1 71;
4000. $1 71 J 4: 2WO. $1 71%; 4000, $1 71%; 4000 $1 72
4000. $172%; 4000, $1 72\4: 4000, $172%.
BARLEY— There Is nothing doing In this ce
real at the moment, as Wheat monopolizes at
tention and values are more or less nominal.
Futures were steady in the morning, but de
clined in the afternoon.
Feed, $1 32%^ 1 37', ; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 82%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. '
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 etls,
$1 31%; 2000. JI3H4; 2000, |130%; 2000, $1 31.
OATS— The feeling is steady and there Is a
moderate local Jobbing demand at unchanged
prices:
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $135(3140; common, $130^132%: Sur-
, se A, 'A, 45 ® 1 60; cra y- * 22 H@1 37%; milling,
$135@142% per ctl.
CORN— Arrivals from the East show no
abatement, but they are apparently going Into
consumption, for there is no accumulation' of
stock and the tone of the ■ market Is rather
firm than otherwise.
, Small round yellow, $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low, $1 07%@l 10; white. $107%@110 per ctl
RYE— Steady and quiet at $1 37%@1 40 per ctl
BUCKWHEAT-ll 75®2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour Is firm and In average demand at the
advance. Millstuffs show on change.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $5 75@5 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100-
Rice Flour $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buckwheat Flour $4©4 •>.<;■
Cracked WheaT $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
™o£ l flour. ,$3, $32 5: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
ff 6]6 ]f 2 <V n sacks. $5 60@6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS."
The panic In Hay was shortlived, for the
feeling was decidedly ; ■ firmer yesterday and
there was more disposition on the part of buy
ers to take hold. Lighter receipts helped mat
ters considerably. A partial recovery in prices
will be observed.
There is no change in Feedstufts.
BRAN— S2O sO©2] per ton
MIDDLINGS $23 50^26 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31<g>31 50; Jobbing
532@32 50; Cocnanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S-ff3o per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Crack
ed Corn, $25.
Hay— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $21®
24 W; Wheat and Oat. $20(ff23 50; Oat. $18(520-
Barley, none; compressed Wheat. $21ft24; com
pressed Oat. $IS/g;20; Alfalfa, $13@14; Clover,
nominal: Timothy, $16@18
STRAW— 7sc<gsl 10 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no longer any disposition to break
the Bean market, and the feeling Is firmer in
consequence, though quotations show no
change. Seeds are as usual.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small Whites. $2 05
@2 15; Large Whites, $2@2 05; Pinks, $2 65®
2 75; Reds, $2 75; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters,
$1 65® 1 75; Limas. $3 15; Pea. $1 85@2; Red Kid
neys. $2 50<&2 f» per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25@3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 15?fS 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2»4<52%c per tb; Alfalfa. 3(??6c; Rape, 2Yt@
2%c; Hemp, 2»;<?f3c; Timothy, 50W&
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 76(32; Green, $1 90®
, 2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles String Beans brought s@7c per
Ib, Green Peppers "15c and Tomatoes $1 25®
1 60 per box.
New Potatoes are firm and new Onions weak.
String Beans are bringing good prices and Peas
are also firm. Rhubarb is quieter again. Other
wise there is little new.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. lMSfio; River Reds.
40'goOc; River Burban^s, 4(W;6Oc per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60^90^; Petaluma Bur banks, 60
<g6oc per sack; new Potatoes, Kg^c per tb.
ONlONS— Australian, jobbing at $3 60@4; new,
75ci@$l per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipt* were 789 boxes As
paragus, 322 boxes Rhubarb and 424 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large. $1 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1, 76c@$l 25 for small; Rhubarb,
40@60c per box for small to good and 65@75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, $I®l 60 per sack;
Garden Peas, 2%<g3c per 1b; String Beans, from
Vacaville,. 6<ir9c; Horse Beans, 25®50c per sack.
Summer Squash. per box; Dried Peppers,
6<g7c per tb; Dried Okra, 12% c; Cabbage. 6r>®7so
per ctl; Carrots, 30®50c per sack; Cucumbers,
25c<§i$l per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 25®
1 75 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potato** sliced, raw, 120 per Ib In lots of S3 ,
lbs; sliced desiccated.. 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new,'- 18c;
Cabbage. SOc; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
250; String Beans, 30o; Tomatoes, 500. \
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern came In and sales vere
made at lie for Turkeys, $4 for Ducks, $5 Bo@l
for Hens and $4 50 for old Roosters. . rP&J :
Local . stock Is quiet, except % young | fowl,
which are scarce and firm at the high prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob- t
biers and ll@l2c for ■' Hens: , Geese, per pair, j
$I@l 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 75; Ducks, $3@4 for
old and $3 50@5 50 for young: Roosters, young.
$7 50@9: Roosters, old. $3 50@4; Fryers, $6@7;
Broilers, $4 50<g>5 50 for large,' $8 50<^4 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for young and
|1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal. ,
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
There are two opposing interests In Butter at
present, one trying to push It ; up and the other
trying to keep It down, which makes it diffi
cult to quote the market. There is no scarcity
of stock, however.
Eggs are firm and sales over the quotations
are being made.
Cheese Is in ample supply and easy. •
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 20@21c; sec
onds, . 19c. : '
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17%@19c; common
grades, lB(S'16 1 per Tb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery. 16®
16Hc: ladle-packed, 15@16c per Jt>; Eastern
Elgin tub. 16@18c.
CHEESE— mild new. 9@9%c; common
to good, IVi®iViC\ Cream Cheddar, lO^llc;
Young America, lOEllc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, l«Msi{?l3%c per Id.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12H@13Hc per dozen;
store Eggs, ll@12c; Duck . Eggs. 16c.
» . ■ ->. - : ..
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Small Prlngle Apricots came in from Win
ters and Vacavllle and were hard to Bell, be
ing too green and small. ; Some Bold at 60c@$l 25
per box.
Cherries are dragging badly, being small and
undesirable. Strawberries are also slow.
Gooseberries are not very abundant, but the
demand for them <« poor.
Oranges are lower and dull. Lemons are
quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 908 cheat* of Strawberries and
666 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, $2 50@3 per chest for large
and $2 50<§>4 for small berries in baskets, and
$4@4 50 for loose.
Small white Cherries, 25@50c per box; red,
40<g>75c; black. 60c@$l.
Gooseberries, 25@35c per drawer. I
Blackberries, $2 per crate.
Apples, 40@50c per • box for common, 75c@$l
for (rood to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 25@2:
Seedlings, 40c<§~$1; Lemons, 50c@$l for common
and $1 25@2 25 for good to choice; Mexican
Limee, $3 50(f?4 50; California Limes, in small
boxes, 40@50o; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, . $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Buyers are Btill picking up Prunes and they
are very firm. Otherwise the market shows no
new features. Honey is quiet again. There Is
a small local demand for Nuts.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%<g>
Be for 40-50' 4Vi<g > 4Hc for 50-60' s, 2%C3>4c.for
60-70' s. 3W(fT3Hc for 70-80' s, 2%@3c for 80-90' s, 2^4 j
@2V»c for 90-100' s; Peaches, ■?Jsoc; fancy. 5%@ I
6c; peeled, 10@12^c; Apricots, 6@6^c for Roy
! als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks;
i Evaporated Apples, 6^@7c: sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs in sacks, 2<324c; Plums, 4^(5 4^c
for pitted and 1%@1V4<5 for unpitted; bleached
Plums, 6(&i.- /4 c; Nectarines. 40. Re for prime to
fancy: Pears, 2Vi(S44c for quarters and 3(§sVic
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3V40. for four-crown, 4M,e for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels ■ and *1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Graapes, 2%c. ■
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per 1b;
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and 4i@6c for soft-
Bhell: Almonds, 3@4c , for hardshell, 6<g7c for
BOftshell, BM-'SSc for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4<B>
6%c for Eastern and 4>*sC for California; Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 8H®10c; Brazil Nuts,
8© per Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 6(Xg5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6<f7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. sVs©
6c; light amber, extracted. 4%@0%c per Ib.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene In tierces Is higher. Lard Is firm
lat the advance noted. There Is no further
ohange worthy of note in Hams and Bacon.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%@9c per lb for
heavy, 9Hc for light medium, 10% c for light,
He for extra light and 12c for . sugar cured ;
Eastern sugar cured Hams. 10%@llc: Califor
nia Hams. 9^(S?10c; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. *12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
i $17@17 60; mess, $15; Smokeu Beef, 12@12&c per
■ LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per Ib
i for compound and 7%c for pure; palls. B%c;
i California, tierces, 6@sVie per lb for compound
! and 7@7i4c for pure; half barrels, 7&c; 10-lb
i tl COTT i OLENE — Tierces. 6%@6%0; packages,
I COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6»4@6%c; packages.
lees than 300 lbs— pails. 60 in a case. He;
! 3-lb palls, 20 In a case. B%c; 6-lb palls, 12 In a
i case, SUe: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. S%c: »0-lb
! tins 1 or 2 in a case, 7»^c; wooden buckets, 20
j lbs net 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, i9ao; nail
barrels, about 110 lbs, V&a per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
No quotations for nring Wool have yet been
made, and the market Is dead. Hops are also
very quiet. Then; is no change in Hides.
■ HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands soil
about lc under the quotations. Heavy sand
steers, 10c; medium. B%@9c; light, s Vt c > Co"
hides 07 2 @9c; Stags. sc; salted. Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, 15@16c; culls and brands, 12<g>
13c! dry Kip and Veal, 16^16^c: dry Call.
IS® 19c: culls. 16@17c: Goatskins, 30@37^c each;
Kids s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
per fb; medium. 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20© 25 c each; short wool, S 40(3 b0c
each; medium, 60@80c; ; long wool. 90c« SI 20
c& T ALLOW— 1 rendered. 3@3%0 per lb;
No. 2 2<p2M,c; refined, 4^@4%c.- Grease. 2c. _
WOOL— Fall clip— Joaquin, defective. 7@
»o; Southern Mountain, ;9@llc; free Northern,
*HOPS— 1597 crop. 9@l2%'c per lb.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9<gl2%c per lb.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
c Mutton continues weak, but there Is no fur
ther decline. Beef Is steady. Hogs are firmer,
and a choice lot will bring : Ho over the quo
tations.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
B»-EF— First quality. 6c; second quality,
sMjc: third quality. 4@sc per lb. ■ . „
VEAL— Large. 4<§>sc; small. o@6oper, 18.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8c; Ewes, 7@7%c per ID.
LAMB— Spring, B@BV4o per lb. A fnT
PORK-Live Hogs, 3*c for large and 4c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2<g2^c; dressed Hogs,
bMt&ShiC.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
Wellington. «8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8- Southneld Wellington, *7 50; Seattle.
$6- Bryant. *6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 60;
Cumberland, *10 25 In bulk and 111 60 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, |Hi Cannel. $10
per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. : . $9; Coke, *12 per ton In bulk and
|ICORDA1 CORDA 2 UK-Prices are as follows: Manila.
8 1fANNED ;7^RU^-Wh«te Cherries. $150®
160; Peaches, $1 10@l 20; Pears, Apricots,
'aNNBD VEGETABLES— 75@85c; To
matoes, 80c.
COFFEE— We quote: - ■
Costa Rlca-16<&17c for prime washed; 14<g:l5c
for good washed; 16@16%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14@15c for good peaberry;
l2Vsfal4Wc for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 9Mj@l2&c for
ialr; 6(S»c lor common to ordinary. ■_ ■
Salvador— 13i&15Vjc for good to prime washed;
11@12>4C for fair washed; 14@15c for good to
prime washed peaberry; . 9*@lotfc for • superior
unwashed; 9Vi<& SVfec for good green unwashed;
U%@'l2V*c for good to prime unwashed ■ pea-
Nicaragua— 9>4@l'o&c for good to superior un
washed; ll@l2c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7©lßc ; for prime to
fancy washed; 14@16c for good to strictly good
washed; 11@12%c for fair washed; B®loV4c - for
medium; 6@7%c for common to ordinary; 15Vs@
17c for good to prime washed peaberry; 11&®
12Vic for good unwashed peaberry; 95i@10&c for
good to superior unwashed. .' ; - .
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
cases, selected, per Ib, 4 c; cases, imitation
Eastern, per Ib, 4%c; boneless, per tb. sc;
strips, ' Norway, ' per lb. . 5V4c; strips, : Narrow
Gauge, per Ib, 6%c; strips, Silver King, per lb.
6\ic; blocks, Clipper, per lb, sc ; .- blocks. Ori
ental, per Ib, 6^ic; blocks, Seabrighi, per IT),
6«ic; tablets, Crown Brand,' per;lb, "Vie; mid
dles. Golden State,- per lb, 5%c; middles. .White
Seal, per dozen. 8»4c; desiccated, Gilt Edge, .>er
dozen, 80c; pickled: cod, barrels, each, - $S;
pickled cod, half barrels, each," $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil, : case*. No. \l. 95c ;
barrels, 1 90c per gallon I (manufacturers'.- rates) ;
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled. 54c; Linseed Oil,
in barrels, raw, 52c: cases 5c mow; Lard OH,
extra winter strained, barrels, r 65c; No. 1, 55c;
cases. 'Bo i more ; China Nut, 49@56c . per gallon;
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, ' 60c ; ■; cases, ' He; No. :1,
barrels, 50c; : cases, 55c; ■- Sperm, r crude, '• 60c;
natural white, ■ 80c; bleached white, ■: 85c: Whale
Oil. natural .white, ' 40c; bleached ; white, 45c;
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25@1 35 : per gallon; wagon : colors, ;$2
@2 25 per gallon. \ , :
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE .AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, In , bulk, ll^ic
per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral Oil,
17o; Star Oil. 17c; Extra Star Oil, 21c; Elaine
Oil, :i 22c ; ' Eocene Oil, 19o: ■■■ Deodorized ■: Stove
Gasoline, In bulk. ; 1"--; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, In canes. 17% c; 63 degree Naphtha, in bulk,
11 Vie* 63 degree Naphtha, in cases, ;16V4c; 86 de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
in " cases, : 25e. i ■■'■; ■■■;•:>— ,-..: ■"<"•■.■■,••■...',-. .
WHITE • LEAD— at : 6@7c per. It).,
■i TURPENTINE— In * cases, 49c: ;in ' iron bar
rels, '<■ 44c; in wooden barrels, 46c per gallon. ";
- i LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 46c: boiled, in ' cases,
6lo; raw, barrels, 440; raw, cases, \ 49c per. gal
lon.;- ■-."■-■ :.v--.--- ■■..'.;- -■ •■ ; ---- ■« ;.'.■"•'■..•■"■ .'■'.•-- - 1 ■'
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s. 16 oz.. 7Hc; 14 oz., 6^4c: 12
oz.. s*4c: 10 oz., 4*4 c. Parafflne Wax Candles-
Is, 2s. 4s, 6s and 12s, white 7%c; colored, B%c.
QUICKSILVER- For export. $36@37. and tor
local use, $41 per flask.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy. 30^35c per rt>;
harness, medium. 2Sc; harness, light, 26®27c;
rough, medium. 2Se; rough, light. 26@27c; rough
Leather, 22@23c; Kips, $40@60 per dozen; Calf,
Socfflsl per tb; rough splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife
splits, 10(312c; Collar Leather, black, 10@12c per
foot; Collar Leather, russet, 10@l2c; Skirting
Leather, 30(g35c per Tb.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
«uid Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, Rifcc; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A. 6 7 £ c: Mag
nolia A. 6%c; Extra C. s^c: Golden C. 514 c;
Candy Granulated. 6c; California A. 5%c per
It>: half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes i£c more.
WOOD. LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— loig>l2c each for No. 1 and «@Bo for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord: Oak, rough. $« 50;
peeled,- $9; Pine, $5 75.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $17*fl8 50; ' extra sizes, higher.
Redwood— slß® 2o for No. 1 and $I(s<@>lS for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet, $2 40@2 50; Pickets, $17; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. May 10.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,1841 Wool, bales 155
Wheat, ctls 4,74' Shorts, sks 675
Barley, ctls 731 Eggs, doz 17,550
Butter, ctls 27< Powder, cs 6
Chp^?p, ctls 73 Paper, reams ... 600
Tallow, ctls 251 Wine, gals 34,800
Bean 9, sks 200 Leather, rolls ... 244
Onions, sks 4»6 Hides, no 2,907
Bran, sks 1,568 Lime, bbls SI
Middlings, sks .. 6.580' Pelts, bells 535
Hay, tons • 2901 Quicksilver, flsk. 61
Straw, tons 11l
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 11.994 1 Shorts, sks 6.275
Wheat, ctls 12.390|Hay. tons 120
Oats, ctls 915 : Straw, tons 3
Barley, ctla SfiOißran, sks 5.646
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 4.685 i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 6,2001
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10
COLORADO.
Hay, tons ....... 101
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10 1
THB CALL CALENDAB.
May, 1898.
Moon's Phases.
8
15
I
IT
18
20
71
7
"IT
21
"a"
©Full Mooa.
Vi/ ' May 5.
-3- Last Quarter
(& May 12.
j£i New Moon,
W May 20.
It First Quart er
I 3 May 28.
»
26
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele- |
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before !
noon, and 1? dropped at noon, 120 th meridian, ;
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant in Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY-isys.
Wednesday, May U.
rises ".'■ .....
sets
in rises MldnJ
?JTlme| P(set |Tlme| Peet |mms Feet Tlmel^
jjlH TV ■ L Wl ' 'H W; ■-■'*• " Wi-
11! 2:31 5,11 «:49 —0.4 6:21 4.7 10:12 .HI
12 3:51 4.8 10:4U 0.1 6:10 5.0 11:38 2.8
13 »:»a 4.6 11:60 0.5 6:50 6.2
LW.HW L W H W
14 0:51 2.3 6:40 4.4 11:47 1.0 7:82 5.4
15 1:52 1.1 7:53 4.8 1.-S7 1.4 8:11 5.5
If, 2:41 1.0 9:05 4.4 2:20 1.8 8.4. 6.7
17 3:2« 0.5 10:00 4.6 3:00 2.2 »:21 5.8
18 4:1.!* 0 0 10:5:. 4 4 3:36 2.: &:53 5.9
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Rign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the chartp. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
gTEAMKHS TO AKIUVB.
STEAMER.
Curacao Mexico
Lakroe Seattle
Chilkat Eel River
Coos nay ! Nevport
Washtenaw Tacoma.
Aliceßlanchard Seattle
Senator Pupst Sound
Walla Wa11a . . .. Victoria A Pu*et Sound . . ,
Crescent City.. Creacent Clt»
Orizaba •• HumDolot i
Oregon PortlanO
Pomona San Dlegro
Arcata Coos Bay
Homer Humboldt -.
Mackinaw Tacoma
Cleveland Seattle
Chilkat Eel Klver
Tltanla Nanaimo
Coiumoia PorUana
Santa Rosa San Dlejro
Doric China ana Japan
Umatllla ... . j Victoria* Pusret 9na . . . -
Nortn Port — HumooKU
Morgan City.. Alaska ]
Tillamook Copper River j
State ol Oai I Poruanu i
[ay 11
[ay 11
[ay :i
tayll
[ay 11
[ay 12
[ay 12
lay 13
lay 12
:ay 12
[ay 13
[ay 13
ay 13
ay 15
ay 15
ay 15
Icy 18
ay 1«
:ay 16
ay 17
[ay IT
:ay IT
[ay 18
taylß
[ay 18
lay IS)
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
gTSAMKR. I
City Puebla I
Santa Rosa
Chlikat... j
Samoa ....
State of Cal i
Nortn Fork j
Coos Bar..
Orizaba- -- I
Arcaut.... !
ABlancnrd
Oresron :.v.
Pomona. —
Walla Wlla j
Curacao ...
Homer
Destination"!
SAItiK.
I Vie & Vet Snd I May 11. 1U am i
I San Diezo I May 11. 11 am i
j Humboldt.... jMay 12. 2pmi
Humboldt.... 'May 12.10 am
Portland May 12. 10 am
JHutnbjldt ... May IS. 9 am
I Newport May 13, 9 am
I Humboiut .... M.iv 14. 10 am
Cocsßar.... 'May U, 10 am
Yaanina Bay. ! May 14. 5 tm !
Portlanu j M:iy 15. IU AM
San Dle^o... M:iy 15.11 am
! Vie & Pert Snd May 16. 10 AM
Mexico May 16.10 am
i Newport May 17. a am
Portland May 13.19 am
Panama I May IH, 12 M
: Sydney :M:iy 1-. 2 pm
I Pier I
I Pier 11
(Pier 13
Pier li
Pier i
Pier 11
Pier »
Pier M
Pier 13
Pier 12
Pier 11
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 11
Plpt 12
PM S3
Pier 7
Columbia. •
Barf Jose- . . j
Marloosn..
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, San Franchoc,
Cal.. May 10. IS9B.
Captain E. Bjorn of the senr Meteor repons
to this office that on May 5, 1898, in tat it' 38
N, long 124 65 W, he saw a vessel's mast It
had the crosstrees on and was paint M white
from deck to saddle. J. T. McMf^LAN,
Assistant In cliarg'?.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. May
10, 1898. \ ...
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. , c., at noon of tne
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. • J. T. McMillan, -
• Assistant in Chare**
SHIPPIAG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesiiv. May 10.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 36 hours from
Ventura. ' .' ■.. ' , ■ ■ _ ■ .
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy, 80 hours from Seat-
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, 14 days from
Guaymas,, via Ensenada and San Pedro 53
."? Stmr North ■ Fork, Bash. 24 hours from Eu-
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 50 hours from Coos
Bay . _.
■ Schr-Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Bo-
Schr Lily, Bottger. 3 days from Umpqua.
. CLEARED.
Tuesday. May V. v
Br str Gaelic. . Finch. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S 8 Co. ■■ ■
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Vl:-.o.ia ana
Port TownsendrGoodall. Perkins & Co. _, ..
> Stmr ; Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Dl«gc ,
Goodall, Perkins & Co. ..- _, '..
Bark Charles B Kenny, Anderson. Nanaimo.
Welch & Co. Tallant. Iloftland, Nicolaefski;
Srhr John D Tallant. Hoffland, Nicolaefskl,
Parrott & Co.
SAILED. 'f ;
. Tuesday. May 10.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crua.
BrMstinr^aello, Finch.' HongJeon* and Yoko-
Sr V W..lar«^ U Han,en, SeatUe. \ \
Itmr oSie^r*- Johnson.- Fort Brag*.
Rr Btm? WeHinKton. Salmond, Nanalmo.
Bark CnasB Kenny. Anderson. Nanalmo.
lonr !aThV.en£ Pe Cam PPcb cl 111 1 B£«£. ;.:
fonr £iir : D O ennev R ir 9 Kotzebu.
SS U eh Joseph and Henry. Arff. Coqullle RIW
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. V. illapa Harbor.
Schr Corinthian. Korth.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar. ..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT ' LOBOS. May 10, 10 p. weatbMw
foggy; wind. W; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The R P Rlthet loads mdse for H° t V' U <;": ln( ,
The Robert Lewers loads lumber on the Sour«
for Honolulu; James Nesmith, coal at Como«
for St. Michael.
SPOKEN.
April 19-In lat 1 N. long 33 W. Br bark In
vermay. hence Dec 26, for Queenstown.
April 26- Lat 7 N. long 18 W, Br ship Marloa
Frazer, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
DISASTER.
LONDON, May 10— Br stmr Aiiaxapoora ha*
been wrecked on Shang Tung coast. Total Ices.
Crew not mentioned.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived — — 10— Schr Aofcle, henc»
i May 4.
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed May 10— Scar
I Newark, for San Francisco.
i COOS BAY— Sailed May 10— Schr Gotama and
I stmr Brunswick, for San Francisco.
I COOS BAY— Arrived May 10— Stmr Arcata.
i hence May 7.
NEHALEM RlVEß— Sailed May B— Schr
! Daisy Rowe, for San Francisco.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived May 9— Schr Lou'laa.
! from Umpqua.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived May 10— Stmr Pfct*
i dena, from Eureka.
IMPQUA- Sailed May 9— Schr Sadie, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 10— Stmr Alliance,
from Orca.
TATOOSH— Passed May 10— Stmr Mackinaw,
| hence May 7, for Tacoma: stmr Mineola, from
Port Los Angeles, for Comox.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 10— StM
Hueneme, from Fort Bragg.
TACOMA— Arrived May TC— Stmr Umatllla.
hence May 8.
NEWPORT- Palled May 10— Schr Mabel Gray
for Eureka; stmr Fulton, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— SaiIed May 10— Br gtmr Em
press of China, for Yokohama and Hongkong.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 9— Ger ship Berth*
hence Dec 29.
DUNKlßK— Arrived May 9— Fr bark Cam
bronne, hence Jan 6.
DUNGEN ESS— Passed May 7— Br sbip Argo,
from Antwerp, for Oregon.
IQUlQUE— Arrived May I— Br atmr Puritan
from Portland, for St Vincent.
PlSAOUA— Arrived May 4— Br Bhip Balla
chulish, from Santa Rosalia.
ST. NAZAIRE— Arrived May T— Fr ba^-k Pa
cinque, from Portland.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed April 24— Br ship Helens
burg, for Portland.
CALLAO— Arrived Br bark Brussels, from
Portland.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
YaKj,^ wharf. San Francisco.
JllEife^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I HPQ^k May 1, 6. 11, 16. 21. 26, 31. June
Ht nSmlt 5, transfer at Seattle.
£g*J3»9 » For Alaskan ports (from
MgfP^Tirigfal Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
I f^^EffiK May 18. Jun« 6. 26, July 17,
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
land. ' Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C), Port Torah
end? Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1. 6,
II 16 21 26 31, June 5, and every fifth day
thereafter connecting at Seattle with this com.
panTs ■ "earners for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
! Tacoma wltn N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C For' Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
May 2 8 14. 20. 26. June 1. and every sixth
■Vor^ntr-Cniz, Monterey. San Simeon. \
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). ;
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme ;
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an*
Npwnort 9 a. m.. May 1, 5. 9, 13, IT. ii, to, za»
JnZ 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
fl^yV? ifiris. £vsrs& t
and every fourth day thereafter. S^n JO« de,
For Enaenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del;
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May 12.
June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
Th' company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
an T d ICKET° f OFFICE-i New Montgomery
St GOOI&LL?V£RKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
wwAi^, w Market Bt.. San Francisco.
 THE 0. R. &N. CO. i
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ■ *
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI2 First Class Including Bert* ,
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon. — ' -—.May 6. 15, 21
C01umbia...... ...-■ ..—..May 9 18. «
State of California .- ...^.May 12. 21. 80
Through Ticket* and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon A p-
plication to c c _ ward> Qmml A(reQt>
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents. ■
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Noordland May lllSouthwark ..May 28
Frieeland May 18 "Chester May 23
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Belgenland May 14Pennland May XI
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantla
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this. service. '
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
. S S Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 23.
SS. S. Pennsylvania, S5OO tons, from Seattle, •
June. 29. •
( Connecting with the company's own fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on th»
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points. <
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
r^t Z '..' . Or any of Its Agencies.
.rfmw The S. S. MARIPOSA
sails via Honolulu anl
aT ik^«i*E*" S ""* Auckland for Sydney
Hts~L mn Wednesday. May 18. at
PHVJIBBIIbI The S. S. MARIPOSA
jEHHIE sails via Honolulu an!
•t ■•■■■• Auckland for Sydney
y™^^^ Wednesday. May 18. at
2 &'■ 1s"1 s" zealandia.
wpg^jlr p)lwlllDIH ' c • for HONOLULU only.
TlS^ /SmpflfllU Wednesday. June 1. 31
sg^3» \gl!ip<Jlttp p . m . Special partJl
Line to COOLGARDrBTVustraIIa. and CAPS
Freight Offlce-327 Market st.. San Franclsoo.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
T French Line to Havre.
E& g^SSSaS 1 Y r o r
! na!ln a! 1 Egypt, Tla Paris, first-class. ,160,
| secon-l-olass. r^. ...IMay 14, 10 a. m.
¥t r? U COGNE. May 21. 10 a.m.
LA rHAMPioNE May 28. 10 a.m.
}^ ROBRGOGNE. ....June 4, 10 a. m.
H SwNE" June 11. 10 a. m:
L £ further particulars apply to -
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. Bowling Green. New York.'
j F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
a ye., San Francisco. ' - - ' ■•
ANCHOR line
United States Mali Steamships
Sail from New York every' Saturday for*
Glasgow via Londonderry. ■
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— $42 50; Fumessia, $37 60|
other steamers, , $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 50: Furnessla,
$24 50; other steamers, ■ $23 50.
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents. 7
Bowling Green, ; New York: or J.' ll '. FUGAZI.
5 Montgomery st. : or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery st., ■ San Francisco. ; .-.. - y ' ;■
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. '
■ • Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and 5at........
»:45 a. m., 1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thara.l
Fridays ..;. 1 p. m. and 8:10 p. m.
Sundays .........;.. ......10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
■ - - Telephone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS GATOS and SANTA CFU2
? Steamer JAlviso' leaves Pier. 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ;■ Alvlso daily : (Saturday,
excepted) ' at _ 6 p. >m. - Freight ; and . passengers.
Fare between t San i Francisco and Alvlso. • 50oj
to San Jose. 75c. Clay atr*Bt. Pier i. U Norts
First street, flm JOM. - ■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LADIES WORK
FOR FABIOLA
Declare They Fear No 111
Effect From Recent
Criticism.
Some of Dr. Dille's Remarks
Are Still Arousing Tart
Replies.
One of the Features of the Day Will
Bo at Race for Gentlemen
Riders.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 10.
Notwithstanding the criticisms of Rev.
Dr. Dille, the ladles of the Fabiola Asso
ciation are going ahead with the selling
of tickets for their benefit next Saturday,
and feel assured that its success will be
as great as that of past years.
It has been decided to have a gentle
man's race, and the following amateur
riders have entered for the mile contest:
William OB 161. C. B. Bates Jr.; Zarro
161. E. A. Howard; Tortoni 158, H. M.
Barry; Metalre 158, S. T. Blake; Wawona
lis. F. T. Dieckmann; Monita 158, A. A.
Moore Jr.
Mrs. J. E. McElrath, a local society
leader, said to-day that Dr. Dill© evi
dently lot his enthusiasm run away with
his judgment. "I should have have no
fault to find," she said, "with his remarks
had h© confined himself to a denunciation
of gambling; but when he went out of his j
way to malign some of the best women of
Oakland he went too far. The ladies who
direct Fabiola are among the purest and
most lovable to be found anywnere. His
inference that ladies who would patronize
a benefit day for Fabiola are as bad as
though they went behind a bar and mixed
drinks is not true, I cannot express too
much abhorrence of gambling, but Dr.
Dille said altogether too much."
Mrs. George W. Morrow cannot under
stand why Dr. Dllle should have singled
out Fabiola when so many other institu- j
tJons have received similar benefits from i
the racing people. She says his remarks j
regarding the ladies are severe and un
truthful, but she has no fault to find with
his strong language directed against the
evil of gambling.
Next Saturday many of those who have
isne teams intend to decorate them and go
out to the track and make as much of a
lloral display as possible. There will be no
organized procession, but everybody is in
vited to use as many flowers as possible
and to make the day as gay and profit
able as it has been in former years.
rORESTEBS IN SESSION.
Delegates From Coast States and the
Hawaiian Islands.
OAKLAND, May 10.— The Subsidiary
High Court of Ancient Order of Foresters,
•which embraces the Pacific Coast States j
and the Hawaiian Islands, opened Its for- j
mal session to-day. Nearly all the dele
gates, a complete list of which was pub
lished in The Call of May 6, were present
at 'jiTs Hall this morning when Mayor j
Thomas made his address of welcome.
High Chief Ranger Dr. E. G. Case of
Uklah called the conclave to order.
Or.s of the first acts of the delegates
i\a> to pass a resolution instructing all
courts to keep in good standing members
who have enlisted in the volunteer army.
The following committees were appoint
ed by the high chief ranger:
Credentials— J. A. Wilson, Excelsior; J. Mc-
Cracken, Advocate; A. Shields, Pioneer.
Laws and supervision— TV. G. Poage, Red
wood; George Brown, Washington; William M.
Cannon, Garfleld.
State of the order— Dr. J. H. Smith, Gate
City; Georte H. Knight, Adin; N. Nathan,
Alcatraz.
Grievances and Appeals— J. B. Sanford, j
Arena; W. E. Boot, Evergreen; Mr. Selbert, i
San Joaquln.
Finance and accounts— E. Strahlman, San
15ieg-o; William Siegreist, Pomeroy; M. J.
O'Gara, Triumph.
Written and unwritten -work — A. McPherson,
Occidental; George \V. Simpton, Star of Call- I
fornia; E. J. Jackson, Bournemouth.
Mileage and per diem— R. N\ McLemon, Lin
coln; J. W. Powning, Pride of Plumas; E. S.
Johnson. Albion.
Distribution— l. W. Grover. Sanhedrim A. H.
R. Vieria, Camoes; G. A. Patton, Tomales.
Time and place of meeting— J. W. Leahy
Ftar of the West; J. Cobine, Eureka; F. W
Hr.jjan. Oarrlen City.
Press— William MacDoural. Alliance; Charles
Foutherland, Star of Mission; J. Roberts
PlMmont.
The reports of the officers showed that j
all branches of the order are in a very
eatisfactory and flourishing condition. A j
political circular having been scattered '
broadcast throughout the order, the chief !
ranger read the following rpbuke:
"It is with regTet that I feel compelled
to call to the attention of this order the
unlawful action of one of the accredited
representatives in issuing to subordinate
courts a misleading and scandalous cir
cular, calculated to cause distrust among
our new courts. This circular is false and
malicious, and is calculated to bring the
officers of the order into contempt I
earnestly recommend that this bromer be
dealt with according to law, in order that
6uch political chicanery may cease in our
order.
This evening the conference exemplified
several degrees. The cessions will last
several days.
TWO HUNDRED SHOBT.
School Census Takers Report a Fall
ing Off of the Number of
Children.
OAKLAND. May 10.— School Census
Marshal Webb N. Pearce has concluded
the tabulating of the -report of the en
rollment of the school children of this
city. The number of children by wards
Is shown by the annexed table:
Ward— Bet. 5-17. Und. 5. Totals
First 1,860 650 2.610
Second .....2,643 896 3.639
Second (annex) 1.868 721 2 683
Third 2,034 626 2.560
Fourth T. 1,949 : C 22 2,671
Fifth 889 214 1.103
Sixth .....1,830 439 . 1,769
Seventh 2.710 862 3 672
Piedmont .-. 114 60 174
Grand total 15.497 5,090 20.557
Twenty-four Chinese children are en
rolled, though not in schools, for which
the school money is drawn from the
State. The above is 200 short of last
year's report for children between 5 and
17 years of age, which means that the
city will get about $1600 less of the State
money.
Livermore Votes by Machine.
OAKLAND, May 10.— The town election
was held in Livermore yesterday. There
wen six candidates for the five 'positions
on the Board of Trustees, S. Seller los
ing by just one vote. Tne following Is
the result of the balloting: Jay H. Dutch
er, x .rst Precinct 121. Second 111, t0ta1232;
Joseph Fletcher, First 128, Second 114,
FOOD COFFEE.
FOOD IN LIQUID.
2£ora Easily digested Than When in
Solid Form.
Persons who do not obtain the de-
sired nourishment from ordinary food
will find a decided gain by using the
hot food drink, Postum, as it is mad©
from especially selected portions of the
field grains that furnish the body with
the parts needed. It la in liquid form
and looks and tastes like coffee, but it
Is a pure food drink that gives great
strength to young and old.
It is especially recommended to thosa
who are unpleasantly affected by com-
mon coffee.
Grocers sell it.
total 252; C. A. McClain, First 108. Second
86 total 194; J. p. Myers, First 127, Sec
ond 99, total 226; J. L. Mitchel, First 135,
Second 102, total 327; S. Seller, First 98,
Second 95, total 193. George V. Taylor
won out for Marshal, securing 187 votes
against "W. P. Thorn's 125. W. H.Wright
had no opponent for Town Assessor, re
ceiving 261 votes. The Ellis ballot ma
chine was used with entire satisfaction.
It registered at the rate of 160 votes per
hour, and twenty seconds after tne polls
closed the full returns In printed form
on the tally sheet was taken out, at a
saving to the town of $200.
Home for the Blind.
OAKLAND, May 10.— Owing to the ab
sence of Director Smith, who Is in com
mand of the First Regiment California
Infantry, United States Volunteers, at the
Presidio, and Director Hirschberg, who
has been promoted to lone and his place
not filled, the meeting of the directors of
the Home of the Adult Blind to-night had
only a bare quorum— Directors James,
Glascock and Shaw — and passed the bills
presented and received the reports. Dr.
Fine reported only twenty-eight visits and
no acute cases of disease. He had made
"frequent inspections of the food and
found it good and well cooked." Exactly
4266 brooms were made, 2512 sold and 11,031
were left on hand the first of the month.
Protest Against Smoking.
OAKLAND. May 10. — The Alameda
County Woman's Christian Temperance
Union presented the managers of the
Oakland Transit Company with a largely
signed petition asking the company to
forbid and effectually prevent the use
of tobacco in any way or manner on
board its cars when in use for the benefit
of the general public.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, May 10.— A reading room
and resort for young women has been
opened In rooms 64 and to of the Playter
block by local philanthropic ladies.- It is
opon evenings to those employed In the
day.
W. F. Stanley was married to-night to
Miss M. E. Reilly. Tho ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father King.
James F. Cameron, a blacksmith, was
sent to jail to-day by Judge HaH for
failing to pay his divorced wife $125 as
counsel fees, costs and alimony.
Examinations Are Over.
BERKELEY, May 10.— The annual ex- I
amlnations at the State L'niversity closed
to-day, and the exodus of students to
their homes in various parts of the State
began in earnest. The members of the
graduating class, which is nearly 50 per I
cent larsror than ever before, and a large
number of the undergraduates will re
main at Berkeley for the commencement
week exercises, which will begin to-mor
row night with the library reception j
given by Librarian Rowell to the mem- ;
bers and friends of the graduating class. '
The remaining events of commencement j
week will be the senior ball on Thursday j
night, President Kellogg's reception on |
Friday night, class day on Saturday, the j
baccalaureate address on Sunday after- i
noon, Mrs. Hearst's reception to the grad- |
uates at her country home near Pleas- !
anton on Monday afternoon, the annual |
meeting of the Philosophical Union next |
Tuesday night and commencement day i
on Wednpsday, May 18. The university j
will reopen on August 15.
Grand Jury at Work.
OAKLAND, May 10.— The Grand Jury !
was again at work this afternoon and is J
inquiring closely into the affairs of Jus
tfeea of the Peace and Constables. Mr. |
Kinard of Fruitvale has made a sweeping ;
complaint against the Constables of Oak- !
land Township. He asserts that Consta
bles make arrests in outlying districts
and bring the prisoners to Oakland for
trial, thereby greatly increasing the costs \
of mileage.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 10.— Superintendent
of Streets Guy H. Chick of Berkeley de
clares that the streets of the college town
must have more water to prevent them
from going to ruin. He declares that to
furnish any kind of a water supply at
least $1500 more should be expended by
the Town Trustees for engines, pumps
and tanks.
The Government contract for carrying
the mail oetween Berkeley and Orinda ■
Park has been awarded to A. W. Sanborn j
of Los Angeles.
Next Friday evening the monthly meet- \
Ing of the California Library Association :
will be held in the university library-. Ad- j
dresses will be made by Professor E. B.
Clapp on "Libraries of the Ancients," '
Professor Bernard Moses on "A Book
Hunter in Spain" and Professor Thomas
R. Bacon on "Before Libraries— What?"
SCHOOL CENSUS.
ft. Small Increase in the Number of
Pupils Attending the Public
Schools.
ALAMEDA, May 10.— The School Census
Marshal has completed his work and
turned his report over to the Superintend
?nt of Schools. The total population of
tho city is given as 15,510, being a de
crease of 41 since the last census. The
total number of school census children
found was 3460, a decrease of 8 since last
.'ear, while the total number of children
In attendance at the schools is 25:19,
igainst 2458 last year— an increase of 71.
rhe population is divided by school dis
tricts as follows: Bay Farm Island, 143;
iVilson, 1879; Everett, 1221; Porter, 3561;
[laight, 3159; Encinal, 3418; Longfellow.
!129; total, 15,510.
WORDS OVER
EDWARDS DAVIS
Warm Discussion Between
Rev. F. J. Butler and
Mr. Sawyer.
The Latter Says That the Clergy Is
Too Slow With Its In
vestigation.
The discussion of the Edwards Davis
case Is warming up, and at the ministers"
meeting on Monday Rev. F. J. Butler and
Mr. Sawyer of the First Christian Church
of Oakland engaged in a wordy war re
, guxding that gentleman.
As moderator of the Christian Minis
ters' Association Mr. Butler found him
self called upon to read several letters
from Mr. Davis protesting against any
! investigation being held without giving
i him a chance to be present and defend
! himself. Mr. Sawyer then arose and ac
| cused the convention of trying to "white-
I wash" Davis, and said that one might
judge from the way In which they were
acting that Davis was the only holy man
j in the crowd and all the rest were sin
■ ners. He claimed that when he came out
, here he was told that the Central Church
j had a congregation numbering 250. In
i stead of that he had found an aggrega
! tion of about 250 with a membership of
about 100.
Mr. Butler took exception to all of these
remarks, and, calling Rev. F. S. Ford to
the chair, took the floor. He vigorously
denied that any of the brethren were try
! ing to whitewash Davis, but admitted
j that perhaps the ministers were acting
I slowly, as they were fearful of making
! any mistakes. Then followed a warm al
; tercation between the two men, Mr. Saw
j yer bristling with accusations, which Mr.
Butler was as ready to deny.
The meeting ended by the appointment
! of a committee consisting of Rev. F. S.
Ford, Dr. Berry and Mr. Hathaway to
arrange with the representatives of the
Central Church for an investigation.
■ ♦ »
Union Printers' Picnic.
Great interest is being manifested by
the members of the Union Printers' Mu
tual Aid Society in their coming anni
versary picnic and family gathering,
which is to be held on Thursday, May 10,
at Mirabel Park. Sonoma County. The
proceeds will go toward their sick fund.
An interesting programme is in prepara
tion, which wiil contain many novel
features, for which prizes are to be given.
Each child in attendance on that day will
receive a large package of candy. There
will be no crowding on the cars, as seats
will be provided for all. The committee
having the picnic in charge is working
hard for the success of the affair.
The boat will leave Tiburon ferry at
8:45 a. m. Returning the train will leave
the park at 5:80 p. m, arriving in this city
at 7:45 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
SHE SURPRISED
ALL THE CLUB
No One Expected That
Mrs. Bunnell Would
Resign.
Many Incidents Contributed to
Induce the President's
Action.
Several Candidates for th« Vacant
Chair of Oakland's Leading
Club.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
7 908 Broadway, May 10.
The publication in The Call to-day of
the resignation of Mrs. Bunnell, presi
dent of the Ebell Society; was a great
surprise to the majority of the members. j
So quiet had the incident been kept that j
it was hardly known outside the board j
of directors. i,.; ;
At the luncheon to-day at the Ebell
Temple, Mrs. Bunnell's resignation was
the leading topic of conversation. There
has been a conflict of opinion in the club
since Mrs. John Russ returned rom \ the
East some months ago and read a paper j
that reflected somewhat, by comparison, |
upon the club. Then came Mrs. Swift of
San Francisco, and her remarks are still '
the subject of much discussion in the ]
Ebell. Her reference to the lack of in- j
terest shown by OaWand ladies in the j
Woman's Congress, and her statement j
that if the Congress were not equal in j
point of merit to a Melba concert It was ,
certainly as good as a pantomime or a |
circus, are still rankling deep in the 1
i Ebell's inner circle. At former congresses i
I Oakland ladies have taken a part, and j
a year ago Miss Ray Frank and Miss :
I Mollie Connors, two of Oakland's most in- ;
j tellectual women, had places on the pro- |
i gramme. This year Miss Connors was on
■ the programme, and it was known that
; her paper was prepared. But after Mrs.
i Swift's remarks a change evidently came
! over her, for her place in the congress
! was filled by some one else. - -j
Mrs. Bernard Moses, wife of the univer
! sity professor, who was also present at
'■ the meeting addressed by Mrs. Swift at
; the Ebell, figures In the present incident
that is agitating the attendance at the
white temple. Three years ago Mrs. Moses
was not pleased with something that
transpired at the Ebell, and the occasion i
! of Mrs. Swift's visit was the first time
1 since the unpleasantness that Mrs. Moses
I had attended. No one will ever know
1 jilst how much Mrs. Moses was effected
i by the remarks of Mrs. Swift, but at the
' meeting Mrs. President Bunnell announced
! that the ladies who were down on the
programme at the Ebell for the following
Saturday would not read their papers and
that there would be a change of the pro- j
ci Mrs m Bernard Moses was to have read
one of the papers and so far no one knows
I why she withdrew her name. These mat
! ters have been very freely discussed ,
' among the ladies, and there are a few :
who in some unaccountable manner are
; trying to fix in some degree upon Mrs.
: Bunnell the responsibility for the remarks
iof Mrs. Swift. As the speaker was the
guest of the Ebell, It has been decided
unanimously that no action should be
• taken in the way of correcting the im
j pression made.* which the Ebell members
! think unjustifiable.^ the Red Cross So- !
The organization of the Red Cross So
i ciety, which is credited with being partly j
i responsible for the sudden resignation of |
■ President Bunnell and Mrs. Plnney, was
i in some measure due to the action of sev-
e ral prominent members of the knell. Al
' though it has been laid down as a rule
I many times by the Ebell that it would
not as an organization take up . any line
of work that is not directly connected
with its curriculum, still on some occa
sions the knowledge that a movement re- '
i ceives the moral support of the Ebell has
I been of marked benefit. The Red Cross
Society was organized in the Ebell Ter
n! pie and has drawn to itself considerable
i importance and popularity. Mrs. Bunnell
1 is supposed to have desired the election
i of Mrs. John Russ to the presidency of ;
' the Red Cross Society, but instead Mrs.
, Abbott was elected. The majority of the :
! members are positive in their assertions
! that Mrs. Bunnell is not actuated by any
j motives as this would seem to imply.
I But all agree that her resignation being
I tendered within a month of her election i
; for the ninth time shows that she has
1 been deeply moved at some occurrence
of which all are not aware. \ . ~'.
"Mrs. Bunnell's resignation we hope
! will be recalled," said a prominent mcm
i ber of the Ebell this afternoon. "The ■
ladies declined to receive it when tendered
last Friday, fully appreciating that the :
Ebell owes a great debt to the energy
and faithfulness shown by Mrs. Bunnell
during the past ten years. Certainly no I
small motive has caused her to take such ;
a step, and bo far the board of directors
has refused to even consider it. It will be i
more difficult for us to induce her to with
draw since the matter is made public,
i but she is necessary to the organization,
and I do not think any one wishes to see
her resign. The remark 3 of Mrs. Swift,
about which so much has been said, were
perhaps a trifle pointed, but there is no
doubt that our guest had in , mind the
progress of woman's work and wanted to
see Oakland doing its full share. Mrs.
Swift undoubtedly gave us the benefit of |
her candid opinion, and she . certainly, Is |
one of the most , conscientious women ;
workers in this State. I think It most j
probable that Mrs. Bunnell's resignation
was tendered because, she believes a i
change * would be desirable, : and for no i
other reason." ■
The candidates for the vacant presi- j
dency are Mrs. Frank Pierce. Mrs. A. W.
Bishop and Mrs. Prentlss Selby. , .
MISS WILDER SAYS IT IS FALSE.
Denies the Rumored Breaking Oft of
Her Engagement to Frank
linger.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental
Hotel on Monday were Mrs. J. L.
Travis, Miss Mary Johnson and Mis?
Helen Wilder, who came up from Hono
lulu on the R. P. Rithet. It will be re
membered that Miss Wilder is the lady to
whom Frank Unger has plighted his
troth, and only lately fhe latter gentle
man sailed for the islands to wed the
maiden of his choice. As soon as It was
known that the fair lady in the case had
reached this city, merciless dame rumor
attributed Miss Wilder's departure from
her island home to the fact that her en
gagement to Mr. Unger had been broken
off; that phe had not found the gentle
mnn all she expected him to be, etc.
Miss Wilder lastnight indignantly denied
the rumored breaking off of her engage
ment. She said: "The fact of the matter
IB that I came to California to recuperate
my temporarily failing health, which has
not been of the best of late, and that is
the only reason for my coming. Some of
my friends here, who came to see me im
mediately on my arrival, told me that
they heard that I was going to Europe
for an indefinite stay, and this probably
gave rise to the unkind rumor. I pro
pose to locate at Ben Lomond for most
of the time while here. In the course of
two months, by which time I hope to be
fully restored to perfect health. I shall
return to the islands and Mr. Unger and
myself will be married almost imme
diately after my arrival there."
Oyama Kenichi Deported.
Oyama Kenichi was turned over by the
United States Marshal yesterday to act
ing Japanese Consul Slgawa and left for
Japan in the afternoon. He was clerk
in Yokohama for a French contracting
firm. Pavre & Co., and induced his em
ployer to sign a Japanese paper on the
representation that it was a statement of
account with the Japanese Government,
for which the company was doing work.
It turned out to be an order on the Gov
ernment for 16.000 yen, equal to $7500,
which KenJchi appropriated. The sum of
$2014 in gold was found on his person, and
this sum was also handed over to the Jap
anese Consul.
CHAMPION OF MUSICAL ART
/^ x ISS EMILIE FRANCES
f I | BAUER, who is connected with
Ilia musical periodical of New
I*l York in the capacity of musical
r critic, and a recognized au
thority on music, is In the city
to Inquire into the conditions of mu
sical affairs on this coast Miss Bauer,
who has an Interesting personality and
Intellectual power far beyond the
ordinary, had some interesting things
to say to a "Call representative upon
the subject of the American music and
music in America, which she claims
to be two distinct phases of mußic at
the present time.
"If you have been following the cru
sade of my periodical," she said,
"you will not need me to tell you any
thing, for you will know why those
who see things as they are are work-
Ing with their full strength against
conditions which, in a comparatively
Bhort time, must wreck all desire of
any ambitious native to go further in
his art.
"The enterprise which brought me to
this coast is an earnest endeavor to
better the condition of the American musician and to put him on a plane
with his foreign brethren. It is a recognized fact that an American artißt
Is without honor even in. his own country, unless, forsooth, he has received
a foreign veneering. I claim that It Is absolutely unnecessary for him to
go to a foreign country for his musical education, because we have lnsU
tutior.t in our own country where he can become equally as well educated
in musical art. My prime object, then, is the proper recognition of the
American musician and American music. This last is also, with a few ex
ception?, not properly recognized, and it is time that It should be.
"The work on which I am engaged is one that will reach not only the
musicians but the world, and will show a complete history of what Ameri
cans have done In tlie musical line, what their hardships have been and are,
the possibility of restoring things to a normal condition; who the American
workers are, what they are and where they are."
Miss Bauer further says that she finds a healthy tone in musical cir
cles in this city, a due appreciation of music being especially noticeable;
but even here she would wish to see a little more recognition of American
merit in that regard. She will have a fine San Francisco representation
in her work, and only of such men and women of whom the world ought
to know.
THE REBEKAH
ASSEMBLY, I.O.O.F.
Session To-Day of the Grand
Body of the State of Cali
fornia.
Representative Ladles of the Order
Who Will Legialato
For It
The State Assembly of the Rebekahs of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the State of California met yesterday
in eighth annual session in Memorial Hall,
Odd Fellows' building, with all the grand
officers present and delegates represent
ing 233 lodges, with a membership of
The officers of the assembly are: Presi
dent Mrs. Minerva Karsner; vice-presi
dent[ Mrs. Dell C. Savage; warden, Mrs.
Helen M. Carpenter; secretary, Mrs. May
E Donohoe; treasurer, Mrs. Anna xM.
L Fo?iowlng are the delegates and ' the ■
lodges they represent:
California No. I— Frances E. Jonas. Johanna
Wesher. Naomi No. 2— Elma Franzinl.. MlU
vllle No 3— Mary Murrish. Fair Oak» No. 4—
Ellen Met^gen Alder Glen No. 5-Rachel
Ilakes Deborah No. 7-Sadie Abater. .Lillian
Jackson. Ernestine Welch. Rising tar No. 8-
Carrie Aiken. Mina Bullock. Georgia^vlbi^
Lulu Knertb, Krama. Richard. Esther No. 9—
Mary Hooper, Nellie Mitchell, Mary J. Tippett.
Emma I'ot Marie T. Tilt. ; White Rose j No.
10-Dalsy Rutherford. Abslt • Invlaia No._ll--
Mary E. Relschman. Brooklyn Wo. 12-Mar
geretta T. Jess, Mabel Lyon. Klwood No. 13—
Mary E. Alt Josephine No. 14-Minna Auetln.
Sadie Kerehner. Abbie Lewis. Alice ; Moe.
Myrtle No. 15— Belle Rule, Byrd Tregaskls. Isa
bella No 17-Annle Bradley/ Jessie Fargo.
Susie J Harris. Ida M. Kelley^ Elvira B. Lane.
Cherokee No. IS-Matfgle Herbert. • Templar No.
i^Aima M. Derning, Henrietta C Edwards.
May Owen, Carrie Warner. Florin No. 20-
Minnie Robinson. Evergreen No. 21-Emma E.
Blatchley. Stella No. 22-Della Blakeslee. Isa
bella Bothwell, Josephine Bryan, Mathilda
Ward: Ivy No. 23-Dora L. Gardener. Essie K.
Hosteler. Unity No. 24-Clara Giles, Caroline
A Hoxett. Juliet No. 25-Cecelia Rudee. Hay
ward No 26-Anna Obern.uller, Minnie Rup
pretch. Fidelity No. Mary Chancy, Liz
zie Grubb. L<>ona No. 30-Annie Hofmelster.
Jennie Richards, Annie Slmas. Oermanla No.
Elizabeth Kromer, I Fredreka Ochsner.- Gol
den West No. 32— Debbie Hatch. Hope No. 33 ;
-Dora Larison. M. L. Schofleld. C. Wadsw orth .
ClaVa No. 34-Lena Lauck. Hattie Swope^Wil
1,-tte Worthington. Evening Star No. 30--Char
lotta T. Gibson. Oleta No. 36— Minnie Schroe
d»r Helena No. 37-Adah J. Anderson, Carrie
Gehrig Ella Gregg;. Bettie Wheatley Triple
Link No. 38— Rose Moore. Western Star No.
39-Anna Williams. Oro No, 40-Marie Dav
idson. Abble T. Robarts. Lebanon No. 41-
Tenla Breuck. Ella Hornage^ Freda Lambert.
■PRiher Need. .am . Sarah Roblln, Mary v.
Thorndike. Violet No. 42-Adelaide - Harris,
Ella Stirling. Sevastopol No. 44— Adaiaide
JaWn. Pride of the Plains No. 45— Marian
Heard. Crystal No. 4G-Luetla Thomas Minnie
Williams. I Kern No. 47-Julla E. Beard. Olive
Branch No 48— Sophia Offerman. Hermenla
No 4^-Lucy Taylor. Jackson No. 50-Mattle
I, Freeman. Athena No. Laura Osborne.
Fowler No. 54— Anna : Pool. Miriam ; No. J>s-
Lida L. Paine. Eastern Star No.. 56— Jacob J.
N'aKle Ocean Queen No. OS— Amanda Ells,
I'etTOlia No. f,9— Georgia Desmond. Beulah No.
Grace- Christopher, Amelia Johnson. No
vara No.. 61— Sophia Jacobs. Paradise No. 62—
Annie Bolton, Minnie Morey, Carrie Banborn.
Lola Wyckoft. Excelsior No. 63— Nellie 11. Or
chard * Plymouth No. 65— Eleanor Easton.
James L. SwSw No 66-Pearl Hall. Theia
Thompson. : Golden Rule No 68— Mamie H.
Nlles. - Hesperian No. 70-Fannie Jackson Sue
M Stanfleld. Mountain Rose No. 71-Lllllo
Schroeder. Minerva No. 72-E. A. Lichey. Oak
Leaf No 74— Fannie • Bonner, Fannie j Gamble,
Ida B. Gill. Minnie Haub. Cypress No. ; 7&-
Annie H. Howes. - Moss Rose No 76— Margaret
C. Steel." Colfax No. 77— Hester I. Wash. Lib
erty No. 78— Sarah E. Keys, Sara E. Marshall.
Morning Star No. 75— Blanche Cunningham.
Vacavllle No. Bft— Mabel B. McCrory. Rohner
ville No. 81— May Hull. Arbor Vitae No. 83—
Lottie Klmball. Annie Fitzpatrick, Augusta
Reichart, Mary ;A. Wright. Orange v Grove
No 84 — Julia Bartels. Caroline Peterson.
Rei'ta No. 85-EUzabeth Crllley, ' -Sil
ver Spray No. 86-Dalsy Gray, Estella New
burg Golden Sierra No. 87— Ida Fischer. Cala
veras No. 88— Lizzie Cook. Live Oak ■ No. 89—
Alice Ambrose. Oriental No. 90—Henrietta Co
burn Sophia Hutton, Elizabeth Shaw. Bloom
field No 91— Cora Colburn. Madrona No. ■ 92—
Frances' Kerstlng. Vesper No. - 93— Elizabeth
Clark. Magnolia No. Maggie Smith. Gem
of the Valley No. 95— Hattle Bentley. , Delta
No 96— A." C. Rouasin. Hydesvllle . No. ' .98—
Nellie Feenaty. Verdant No. 99— L.v A. Cheney.
Centennial No. 100— Sarah Simpson. Social No.
101— Alice M. Forker, Lucy P. Spencer. Mil
pah No. 102— Annie Waldle. . Cambria No. 103—
Alberta 'B. - : Dodson. ■ Winters No. 104— Allle
Danner. Golden Link No. Julia Due. Ala
meda No. 107— Sarah A. Jehu. Sylvan No. ; 108—
Antrle Barr. L. C. Rlddell. Sunset No. " 103—
Jennie Jefferson.' Golden State No. 110— Emma
Johnson. ■ Lad}' of i the Lake No. - 111— Anna A.
Doss Golden Star No. 112— Esther Edmeads.
Silver Star No. 114— Lora Kuffel. Ferndale No.
115— Mary Alfdrd. ••- Azalea No. Georgletta
Allen. ; ; Enterprise No. - 118— Nellie • HopkinH.
Neva No. a 119— Lenore ■. Bowman. Edith ■■ Ed
wards, Lizzie Hocklns, = Adaline Hothersall.
Empress No. 122— Flora E. Caubarra3. Danviue
No. ■ Fannie E. Coats. Mary McGuire. ; Se
quoia ' No. — Tillle Getchell. ■ . Queen •■ of .' the
I^ake No I—Anne1 — Anne E. Woodruff. Elwood No.
Maud Sheets. ;■• Eureka , No. Isabella
Hans, Ida E. Lawrence. Ida' A. | Morton. Citrus
No Amy Brown. Margaret' Bishop. '■" Wal
halla No. 130— Minnie ' Becker, Dora Feyel,
Emma .. Lafontalne. -; \- Mount .Washington
No. ■-■ 131 — - Lizzie V Mason, - Louise •; Williams.
Rel : No. 132— Lizzie „ Noble. Minnehaha "■■". No.
133— Mary E. Morse. _ OroFlno No. 134— Minnie
Prebble. ■• Mountain' Queen - No. 185— Margaret
Freutel. Elk Grove No. 130— Elous , Hunt. . Stella
M. Kennedy. . Anna. : . N0. ".-} 137— Ada* Madison,:
Alible Sellors. Mount ; Shasta ; No. - 138— Emma
Litsch, Meade = Tibbits. Sycamore ; No. ; 140—
Fannie Lacey,' Minnie Smith. > Silver Gate No.
,141— Hannah Smith. Cora Tallman. Alvarado
No. 142— Alices Ralph, a Emery No. 143— Emma
Ban-is. Arroyo Grande No. 144— Lizzie E.iPap
sons.' i Forest No. 147— Laura- Reaves.': Juan: a
No. ■ 149— Mary i E. Bassett. >: Carmel No. 150—
Mary : E. : Dolphua. v Concordia No. . Augusta
Simons. '. Llvermore ■ No. -■■ Mary . Dutcher,
Gertrude y Jordan. ;. Sunshine * No. i '; 155— Helen
Pancoast. s Ramona No. 156 — -Mac Jefferson,
Fannie -;; Miller. - Diamond - No. - - Frances
Morris. V Fresno ' No. 158— Abble E. X>rew."--- Ma
dera No. 159— Anna Relchardß.f Capital City
No. IGo— Grace \ Canfleld, Barbara ; S. Hauk.
Amity No. 191— Mala v Briggs, v Mary C. - Mc-
Phee, 4 Josephine ■ Newell. ' Williams . No. IBS —
Emma Willing. Fedora No. Irma R. ; Levy.
Aureola No. 167— Sarah ; J. : Knight. ;;. Woodbine
No. -16S— Julia Syme. '■ Durban No. 171— Carrie P.
Parker. » Samaria" No. 173— Amy Howard. ;, Far
West 5 No. "i 176- Mary Beaver, Nellie - Stlckney.
Chrysanthemum v No. ) Mattie i Drew. ■■% Pearl
No. -i ISl— Annie S Parker. .- Manzanita * No. 181—
Nora War*. Heliotrope No. 183— Delia M. Bai
: ley, £ Clara \M. S Raynes. ? : Flower City , No. 184—
. Plumas vL. Bates. V Blue : Mountain i No. ■; 187—
Grace ' Taylor. Florence ; No. ; Grace Reed.
Acme No. 1S9 — Julia Ketcham. Janesville No.
190— Anna McClelland. Orland No. 191— Annie
Kesseling. Aqua Pura No. 193— Ida B. Cash,
Rose A. Hinckley. Columbia No. 194 — Georgi
anna Bullfinch. Cornelia Church, A/inie M.
Howe, Margaret Patton. Palisade No. 195—
Lv Lazier. Cayucoa No. 196— Mary Herman.
Independence No. 197— Bertie Hansen. Pleas
anton No. 198— Bezzie Cole. Silver Wave No.
199— Cassie Tullis. Golden Rod No. 200— Mary
Harris. Sanger No. 201— Maggie Rose. El Mo
deilo No. 203— Nora Osterout. Arbutus No. 204
— Mollle Cole. Cornelia No. 205— Anna W r . Brad
ley, Cornelia White. Santa Rita No. 206—Tes
sle Eddleman. Northern No. 203— Mary L.
Raker. Fall River No. 209— Lillian L. Rowle.
San Luis Oblspo No. 210— Carrie Throop.
Friendship No. 211— Thursey Barrett, Sophia
Decker. Woodwardia No. 212— Mary E. Peugh.
Ysabel No. 213— Emma M. Brendlln. Los Oli
vos No. 214— Florence Freeman. Loyal No. I'IS
—Margaret J. Bell. Mira J. Simpson. Natalia
No. 21C— Margaret Hassen. Gold Quartz No.
*I»— Phoebe Rushmer. Holly No. 221— Gabrilla
Gill. Ada No. 223— Laura J. Patch. Mission
No. 225— Lillie B. Holcombe. Petaluma No. 22«
—Sarah J. Nay. Fern No. 227— Mabel Adalr.
Mount Diablo No. 228— Annie W. Neft. Corona
No 229— Nancy J. Rogers. Sacramento No. 232
—Mary J. Mayhew.
The report of the grand president, Mrs.
Minerva Karsner, shows that during the
year ten lodges were Instituted, one was
consolidated with another and one sur
rendered Its charter.
The report of the secretary, Mrs. Man'
E. Donoho, Is an Interesting document
for the members of the order. It shows
that in 1891. when the order was Insti
tuted, It had a membership of 11,460, and
that this year It has Increased to 16 371
The total receipts for the year were $40 -
447 and the expenditures $38,743. The num
ber of deaths was fourteen.
A great portion of the morning session
was taken up in the delivery of an enter
taining address by W. H. Barnes. P
G. M.
At the afternoon session the reports of
the officers were received and referred.
To-day will be devoted to legislative
matters and the consideration of the re
ports.
In the evening there will be an exempli
fication of the Rebekah degree by a team
from Loyal Lodge.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Fluctuations In mining stocks yesterday were
insignificant. Local securities were linn and
Gas and Electric sold up to $S9.
The Scorpion Mining Company has re-elected
the old board of directors, with William Bar
man as president, George R. Spinney secretary
and Joseph R. liyan superintendent.
The Yellow Jacket assessment of 20c per
share will be delinquent In the company's main
oftire at Gold Hill to-day.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Utah
Consolidated Mining Company will be held to
day.
The following mining companies had cash on
hand April 30: Caledonia, $BS7S. with April ex
penses unpaid; Challenge Consolidated, $316,
with April expenses partially paid; Consoli
dated Imperial, $2189, with April expenses
partly paid; Confidence, $1660. with April ex
penses unpaid; Julia Consolidated, $2058, with
April expenses paid; Justice, »M>3 in this city
and $4SO in the hands of superintendent; Stand
ard Consolidated, $49,816, with April expenses
unpaid and April bullion returns not received;
Syndicate, $934.
At the Alta mill they completed a trial run
of 220 tons of ore by the concentration and
amalgamation method on May 6, and Superin
tendent Buyle writes that although he has not
yet had returns from the concentrates he thinks
there will be good results. Th« north inter
mediate drift, between the 940 and 825 levels.
Is out 42 feet in favorable-looking vein ma
terial carrying bunches of low-grade ore. They
are cutting out preparatory to sinking a winze
below the 940 level, where no work has been
done before.
In the Chollar mine during the past week
they placed two sets of timbers in the main
incline above the 1200 station. On the tunnel
level the west crosscut GO feet north of the
south line has been extended 21 feet and ia now
out 92 feet. The crosscut passed through 2%
feet of ore assaying from $20 to $25 per ton,
from which they are now stoplng ore. The
north drift started from the east crosscut on
the 100 level has been advanced 37 feet; the
face shows porphyry and quartz assaying $8
to $10 per ton. They have shipped to the Ne
vada mill 11 tons and 730 pounds of ore, assay
ing $14 10 in gold and 9.47 ounces of silver per
ton. On the Brunswick lode they are en
gaged In chitting out for a chute and station
on the 800 level. 200 level— The streak of pay
ore above this level has given out and all work
has been suspended on this level.
In the Potos! mine during the past week they
placed two sets of timbers In the main in
cline above the 1200 station. The main south
drift on the tunnel level run Jointly by the
Bullion and Potosi companies has been ad
vanced 12 feet, making Its total length 716 feet;
thp face Is in soft porphyry- This drift has
bean stopped and they are now putting In a
station set at the bottom of the Croesus shaft.
At a point 86 feet north of the Croesus shaft,
and on the Bullion and Potosi line, they have
started a west crosscut. On the Brunswick
lode they are yet engaged In cutting out for a
chute and station on the 800 level. 600 level—
No. 2 east crosscut has been advanced 23 feet,
making Its total length S8 feet; the face Is in
porphyry and streaks of quarts which give low
assays. No. 2 wept crosscut, opposite No. 2
east crosscut and 300 feet south of the north
line, has been advanced 12 feet; total length
80 feet; the face Is in porphyry. Have stopped
work In this crosscut .and resumed work in
the main south drift and advanced the same
8 feet, making Its total length from the north
line 310 feet; the face Is in porphyry and quartz
of low grade.
Tho Ontario mine of Utah closed the month
of April with Its output reduced to 200 tons of
ore, the proceeds of which were Just about
enough to meet the requirements of the pay
roll and Incidental expenses. Its old output
was 2:"0fl to 400 i) tons a month. The Paly al
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BunyadiJ&nos
BKST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOU
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of a!l Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." hrilUhMedicaUovrnai
CAUTION; £cc that the label bear* the signa-
ture a? the firm,
Andrcaa Saxlchaer^
lowed the month to go by without shipping or
milling a pound of ore.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE, V.;' I .^''
TUESDAY, May 10— p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
US Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 46 4T
48 quar c0up.. 109^110% Pac Gas Imp.. 86 87
4s quar reg...loßM:loS^ Pac L C 0..... 49 50H
4s quar new...122V4123H S F O A E. . 89 89%
Miscellaneous— - San Fran ..... 3% —
Cal-st Cab 65.114%116 Stock Oas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 98V4 Flrem's Fund. lßs —
E L & P ' 65.. 126% — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65.. 110 — Anglo-Cal .... — 63
Geary-st R ss. — > 99 . Bank or Ca1. .245 246
HC & S 6V45..100 105 Ci ' S D&T. 90 96
L AL Co 6s. — 100 First Nat ....200 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...130 —
Market-st 65.. — 126 Mer Exchange 10 15 '
• Do Ist M 55. .113 ltt%jN*» Nat 8...130 167V4
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97& Savings Banks—
NCNg Ry 78.103 — OfT S & L.. — 1660
NRy Car 65.. 105 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 99*100% Mutual Say. — 42Vi
NPC R R 65. 100% — " F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 6s. — 101 SAL 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55...100 — Security SB. 250 —
Do 2d is 55.. — 103 Union T Co. 950 —
Om Ry 6s 1234— Street Railroad—
P & O 65.. 110 — California ....108 110
P&CI Ry 65. .106% — Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...116 — Market-st .... 61% 52>4
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6i,.7fc
SacElec Ry ss. 100 — Powder—
8F& NP 68.106 108 California ....115 160
SlerraßCal 6s. — 105 E Dynamite... 85 90
BPof Ar 65.. 103 — Giant Con Co. 44 44>4
S P Cal 65... — 118 Vlgorlt ........ B>4 8H
SPC Is eg 55.. — 96 Miscellaneous—
SP Br 65.... 109 — Al Pac Assn.. 93% 94H
S V Wat 65.. .118 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 45... 101% — Hana P C 0... — 15
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 HC & S Co.. 18 IS
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49 50
Contra Costa.. 49 61 Mi Mer Ex Assn. P0 —
Marln Co .... 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — 6%
Spring Valley.lOOVilOOVi Oceanic S Co. 61% 52K
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.. 1H 2%
Cent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0. ..100*4101
Mutual El Co. llVi IS Par Paint Co. 1 —
Morning Session.
Contra Costa Water Bonds 99 50
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 00
55 do do 18 87%
335 do do I 850
170 do do 18 25
50 Hutchinson S P C 0....... 48 00
350 -do . do : «3 mi
180 Oceanic Steamship C0...........~«... 62 00
10 Pacific Lighting 60 00
$1000 Park and Cliff House 6s Bonds 106 50
50 S F Gas & Electric oC 89 00
150 Spring Valley Water 100 12%
'32 do do 100 25
2 do do .......100 00
HOOOS P of A 80nd5....... 103 00
$1000 SP Branch Ry Bonds.. ......103 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association ........ 94 00
20 California-street Railway 108 50
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 00
10 do do ..18 87%
500 do do .....".. 18 50 .
535 do do 13 25
1085 do do 18 00
130 Hutchinson S P Co 49 00
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 65.... 113 25
25 Oceanic Steamship C 0...... 52 60
60. do do -5225 •
20 do do 52 12%
5 do do ...........:... 62 00
$3000 Park & Cliff House 6s Monds 106 50
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 00
20 do .do t>4. ..8900
50 do do 89 25
55 Spring Valley Water .....: 100 60
$2000 S P of A Bonds 103 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Hawaiian C & 3 C 0... 19 60
50 do do 19 25
50 do do 19 00
25 Giant Powder ■ ;. 44 25
60 Market-street Railway ...62 12%
60 do do ......................... 62 00
25 Spring Valley Water 100 12*
50 S F Gas & Electric... .....86 25
20 do do 86 50
Street—
60 Hawaiian CAS Co 1860
Afternoon Session.
30 8 F Gas & E1ectric............... 88 60
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 10125
$4000 8 P Ry of Arizona 103 12%
Street— .;;■: " .■■..■
100 Oceanio Steamship Co 62 00.
75 S F Gas & Electric 88 60
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
No.
Day of
Sale.
Hale & Korcrosa.
Utah
Bullion
Stiver Hill
Yellow Jacket....
Mexican
Seg. Belcher
Overman
Challenge
N. Gould* Curry
Keutuck
113 ..Apr 9 ..May 31
2f ..Apr 1« ..May 11
63 ..Apr X ..May 24
30 ..May 5 ..May 81
G3 ..May Bl..Junel7
6a , ..May 15 1.. June 8
21 ..May is 1.. June 13
80 ..May 19|..Junel8
25 ..May 26|..JuneSl
20 ..June 81.. June M
15 ..June 5|.. June SO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 091400 80
200 Belcher 15 50 Occidental 105
800 Choi lar 24 750 Ophlr 42
550 Con Cai & Va.. 65 300 Seg Belcher ... 02
450 Gould & Curry-- 26 mo Sierra Nevada.. 67
250 27 iIOO 63
300 Hale it Norcrs. 75 200 Union Con 16
200 77i900Utah 03
600 78 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 03)200 90
100 Andes 10 500 Justice 10
200 Belcher 13 200 Ophir 44
300 Bullion 0"| 200 Overman 03
200 Chollar 25 j 200 Potosi 26
200 Con Cal & Va.. 67 100 Savage 17
100 Crown Point ... 121300 18
100 11 1 50 Sierra Nevada.. 67
300 Gould & Curry- • 26'2ft0Vn.on Con 13
2r,n Hale & Norcrs. So j600j 600 Yellow Jacket... 26
100 f 881
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Delcher IS 1500 Mexican 10
200 Best & Bejcher. 32 SOO Ophlr 42
200 34 1100 43
1000 Bullion 07 500 Overman 04
600 Caledonia 16 4CO Potosi 16
350 Chollar 25 200 Savage 16
350 24 500 S B & M 02
400 Con Cal & Va... 63 500 01
200 65 900 Sierra Nevada.. 65
300 Crown Point ... 12 500 69
200 Gould & Curry.- 251900 Union Con 17
1100 26|5O0Utah OS
goo 271300 Yellow Jacket... 18
200 Hole & Norcrs. 86j1400 27
600 851
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 14 400 S8
200 13 400 99
400 Best & Belcher. 34 K'OO Mexican 10
200 Caledonia 17 3600 11
200Chollar 25 600 12
100 Con Cal & Va.. 67 100 Ophir 43
500 Crown Point .... 12 600 Savage 18
300 Gould & Curry... 26 900 19
900 27 800 Sierra Nevada.. 68
2<X» Hale & Norcrs.. 87 400 Union Con 17
200 91 600 18
200 95 200 Yellow Jacket... 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 10— 4 p. in.
Bid. Ask. Bid. As*.
Alpha 02 M Julia — M
Alta 18 It Justice 08 09
Andes 00 11 Kentuck — 02
Benton Con ... — 20 Lady Wash ... -j 02
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 10 11
Best & Belchr. 33 34 Occidental —110
Bullion 06 07 Ophlr 4S 44
Caledonia 16 18 Overman 02 04
Chollar 24 21 Potosi 25 2G
Challenge Con. 11 12 1 Savage 18 2-)
Con Cal & Va. 66 67 Peg Belcher ... 01 02
Confidence 45 60 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 68 69
Crown Point .. 11 12 Sliver HIU — OH
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard lEOI 55
Exchequer — 02 Union Con . 17 18
Gould A Curry. 27 28 Utah ........... 07 OS
Hale *■ Norcrs. 98 — Yellow Jacket. 2n 26
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
rHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII ;
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1237, trains will run as
follows^
South-bound. North- bousd.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd. Dally.
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 ami 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalia 6:40 a m'l2:4u p m
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snsllings, Coultervllle. etc;
also with stage for Homitos. Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with sta so to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Vis SausaUto Ferry.
From Ban Francisco, commencing May L IS9S.
W~SK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00.
•9:30, 11.1)0 a. m.; *l:H, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, •«:(».
c.30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •«:(», »9:00.
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. *l:io, *2:30, *4:00.
6:30. 6:45 p. ru.
11:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Caaadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.) — Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
1:15 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aai .way ata'a.
AUCTION SALES.
CARPETS! CARPETS!
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) at 11 A. M.
' 125 TENTH ST.. NEAR MISSION.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market si.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUTH I'AI'IFIC fOMFAHT.
(PAOiriO HViiIBJI.)
fralaileaTe Mail nre *•«•• *• arrive al
SAN nt*N«IM».
, (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
hats; — From April 38, 1898. — abritm
•0:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way SUtlons... * B: *jJ*
7 :OO a Benicia. Buisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:4Sa
7:OOa MarysTille, Oro»ille aud Kedding »la •• _
Woodland SSI5 S 1? P
7iO©AVacaTilleandKuinsey.. »:*sp
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Caiiatoga and Santa R05a......... Z*\-
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpreaa, Ogden and Kast.. atiir
I»i»Oa Niks. .San Jose. Stucktou. lone,
Hacraineuto, MarysfUle, Chlco. .
TehamaandltuaUluC... «ll»»
•»i*O a Peters, Milton, Uakdale (Jamestown Sfil
for Yosemite) •7ilBf
9iooa New Orleans Kipress, Merced. Fres-
, no, BakersHeltl, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demiug, El l'aso,
New Orleans and East 6f43r
1 0:OO A Vallejo. Martinet and Way Stations ?i43p
■IsOOp Sacramento ltiter Sjteamvrs »»»OOp
1:00pK11«, San Jose and Way Stations. . •»:•*» a
....... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... l»il»A
S:OOf LlTermore, Mendoto, : Hauford and •■'.
Vi«a11a...... ««13f
,.,.. Lrrermore, Sau Jose, Nile* and Way •
Stations Jiatia*
, .Fresno, Merced, Martinez, VaUeJo.. ia:lSr
«>OOr Martinex. Han lUiiiOk, Vallfj",
Naua, CullstoKa. ICI Vcrauo and'
BantaUosa »ilß*
4ioor Benioia, VacaTtlle, Woodland,
Knights l*ndiiiß. MarrstUle, <)ro- ■ -
Tillu and Haorainentn 10:43 a
4iBor Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il»r
4:S*P Stockton, Oakdale, Merced JSslSr
4iB«f Castle and Lodi ISilsp
4:8 Op LaUir<i|>, Modesto. Merced. Berenda*
(Raymond far Yosemlte), Fresno,
Moj*ve, Hauta Barbara and Los
AnifelMi 7i49* .
■liUOp Santa l'» Koute, Atlantiu press
for MoJaM and Kiut •i4Sf
e.-OOp Km-Miv.il'. Mall, Ogden and Kast.... 0:1.1*
•«:OOp Va11ej0....... l«il»»
o:tt«tr HuywanlH, Nilraand San .lute 7:43 a
t7iOop Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions....... t»»4a»
SiOOr OrfßOii 10i|>i<*!is,HucrHiuento, Marjrl- .
ijiit. iir.l.'.ing, Portland. I'iiKet
Soiiinl an.l l-iuat. ................... StloA
' KAN LKAM'KO AMI IIAYWAUIKS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
i-...-".--.-! .-. — — r Mil
8:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, 'JS'jsl
lo'oot MUlibttrf;,Elmhurft, lirf B t
tII*:UOA . San Leandro.Soath Sam .? I 19 r
»■«••« Leandra^&tmdHlo, [mU
-'VsVoof L 0«.«,, Cherry ■ •i 1 ** 1 '
3:O»P •■* 6tlsr .!
3iBOp If wards. 2'lS P
8:00p i Runs throufh to Niles. *V,iZl
ttim;J "*-»"■•-■ USB?-'
* COAST 111 VISION (Narrow fcauice). -
(Foot of Market Street.; -w^.^t
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcurslon, SanU Cnu
and Principal Way Stations tBI«3F
\ SilSa Newark, Centerrllle.San Joee.Keltoa,
Boulder oreek,BanUonu and Way. ;.
Stations 8m»0»
*SitBp Newark, Oenterrille, Baa Jose, New .
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •14>«0« ! *
4:1 Ban Jose, Glenwood * Way Stations •»»•*.
O4 1 1 8 Boulder Creek and Santa Pro jUi»«» A ■
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ttm miSCISCO— FIit *r Market Strut (Slit I)—
•7:15 ' 9:00 11:00 A.M. )l:()0 *S4O tl:00
i •4:03 t!:30 ' •6:00 P.M. , ; . ■
>r«m01IUIIB— Flit *f srs»dw«y.— 8.-00 1000*. K.
tl3:00 «l:00 t8;00 »3:00 t*:QO : *B:OQf.M.
COAST 01 VISION (Broad Usage). '<
-■-<■■ (Third and Townaend Sts.) I
•7iO»ASan .lose ami Way SUtious (New _ !
Almadeu Wednesdays only) ltSOp
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose. .
Santa Crus, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Buttons J»t«6F
9ioo* Man Jose, Ires Pluos, Santa Crus, I
Pacine flro»e Paso llobles, Sau
I, .its Oltispo, Quadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Statious 4«l«r
I«:4Oa San Josh and Way SUtlons •8:00aJ
II:»Oa San Jose anil Way Stations »8:83 a,
•2:43r San Mateo, Redwood. Palo Alto,
r .... Santa Clara, San Jose, Oilroy.
Holltster, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Urore *l«s8S«,
•:ii3«p San Jose and Way Stations »1»:OOa
•4:l"»r Han Jose an. l Principal Way Stations 0:43 a.
•.■>:«Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations ' 6:35 a
S:3or San .lose and Principal Way Stations 5:8 Op
Ut:twp San Judeaml Way Stations 7sSof
fll:l5i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:»Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
I * Sundays exeepted. - { Sundays only, t Saturdays only .
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. : ,
: i S'<niays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays. '
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tifeoroa Pwr»t P— t «t Market Mi
bA.\ FKA_NCiaCO TO SAN RAJTASI*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:51
■ and 11:30 p. m. • — ■■ '<
, SUNDAYS— 9:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
I 6:00. 8:20 p. m. > . ■
' san Rafael to SAN Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:44,
! 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips ac
"1:65 p. m. and 6:35 ; p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:19,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ' - ". '- : ' "• Arrive ■ '• .'
San Francisco. In affect San Francisco.
j April 23. . — —
i Week I Sun- 1893. Sun- Week
Days. I days, j Destination. ) days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:80 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, • 6:10 pen 10:23 am
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa._ 7:35 pm 1:23 pa
■ Fulton,
7:30 am - Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
S:Bo_pm 8:00 am) Cloverdale. ) 7:35 pm 1:23 pa
7:30 am Hopland and] ■• " 110:25 am
3:30 pm[8:00 am Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:22 pra.
7:30 am • • 10:25 am
' 8:00 am Guernevllla, 7:35 pm -
8:30 pm| . . j ■ ' I - 6:23 pm
| 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
. :. •-■■ | ■ - : i .and • ' . -.•• '
5:10 pm|s:oo pm Glen Ellen. f 6:10 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:2s am
3:30 pml5:00 pm| I 7:86 pm| 6:22 pra'
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Ocy-'
I serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
i the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
i Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
' Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport ■ • and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. - Blue Lakes, ■ Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, - Bucknell's, Banned rtn Heights.
Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr'a Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usat.
" Saturday to • Monday round-trip tickets at ■
reduced rates. (
On ' Sunday? round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San : Rafael . at half rates.
! Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bide-
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
jf===Ks3 CALIFORNIA
I^^Rj^SK SAN FRANCISCO
jßgJ&gi^iS&ar CH!GABOi
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flrct-clasa passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. ■.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, s>i
days to Chicago,' 4H days to New York. :•.•>:
Trains arrive and depart < from Market-strset
Ferry. - San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1320.
Oakland ' office. . 111S Broadway. ■ Sacramento
office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West Santa
Clara street. . ; : . ' ' : ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
,-■,.-. (Via Bausallto Ferry.) ; J
- Leave Ban : Francisco, - commencing May 1.
MM: ■'•:.- r,. t -*--.;;.-4'.'.-';-:,-NY-» ..v.^-->-
:. Week Days— 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00,. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. a , ...r ' ; --. . . ..
Round trip from Mill Valley, SI. .. ~
THOS. •. COOK t & ■ SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. San -Francisco, v ': ,- • x -.
ai Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 625 KGIR.WST. Established V.
fiin 1854 for the treatment of Private
m Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or 3
A disease wearing on bodyand mind I
■ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges loir.
■ Car«»»;nsirs»nt«>#d. Callorwrlte. ,
_pr. J. Jg. <mB3PX, Bex 1987, San Fxufdao* | •
910
FIRST CHOICES
TOOK A HAND
Four Favorites Scored
and the Talent Got
the Money.
Rey del Tierra Beat His Field
in an Impressive
Style.
Duk« of York in Rare Form—Whale
back Finally Came Around—Hu
midity "Won in a Hard Drive.
A liberal list of entries and the prospect
t>f some more "uncorkings" attracted an
other good sized crowd to the races at
Oakland yesterday. While some out
siders showed to advantage in the differ
ent races decided it was a favorites' day,
four choices finishing in front. The bet
ting was brisk enough to suit the most
exacting penciler, and the talent more
than held its own.
The Kylo mare Wenoma was unloaded
for a good thing in the opening dash at
five and a half furlongs, and with Piggott
In the saddle led all the way, winning
ridden out from Celoso, the second
choice. The winner was backed down to
favoritism at post time.
A big field of twelve went to the post
In the four and a half furlong scramble
for maiden two-year-olds. The betting
favored Jimmy Coffe-'s -air, St. Kristine
and Violence, but Whaleback was in
front all the way and downed the former
filly two lengths. Martillo was coupled
with the winner in the betting, the pair
ruling second choices. ■«.«.#
For the five furlong selling sprint tor
two-year-olds the Burns & Waterhouse
filly "Humidity closed a slight lavonte
over E. Come, the entry of the Montana
turfman, H. L. Frank. Woods managed
to keep the first choice in the lead from
the start, and hard ridden at the end got
the verdict by a neck in BS seconds flat.
Distance finished in the show.
Ed Purser's bay horse Rey del lierra
warmed up like a wild horse and was
rightfully installed a 2 to 1 favorite for
the mile and a sixteenu. selling run, de
cided under selling conditions. Clawson
managed to get him away from the post
poorly, but when straightened for home
ran through his field, and catching the
leader. Polish, below the paddock, led
the latter past the judges over two
lengths. Sweet Faverdale was a fair
third.
Mocorito was dished up as a redhot one
for the seven furlong selling affair and
after leading her company into the
stretch began stopping badly with Woods,
and ended up in fourth place. Clawson,
on the 6 to 1 chance Duke of York, came
with a rush the last sixteenth and beat
out the second choice, imp. Missioner,
four lengths. Bonnie lone, with Enos» up,
and a 100 to 1 shot in the ring, heavily
played to get the show, finished third.
The last event of the day, a mile selling
run, proved an easy thing for the 2 to 1
favorite Fortuna. with Mike Hennessy
in the saddle. The old mare showed her
heels to the bunch from the start, and
though inclined to stop at the end, lasted
long enough to down Rapido a head.
Navy Blue, a 40 to 1 chance, badly crowd
ed on the rail, was a bang-up third, but a
head further away.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race — Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and upward.
1026 Sandow 111 104 1 1014 Mahogany 106
1009 Roy Carruth'rslo4i 1037 Terra Archer.. 106
1037 Miss Ruth 104 395 McFarlane ....106
615 February 102 10S7 Senafr Morreino9
1037 Rapido 106 905 Greenleai 104
1014 Nervoso 106 1032 Zaralda 102
1014 Midas 109 869 Los Troncas...lo4
1026 Red Spinner. ..lo7
Second race— Five-eighths of a mile; two
year-olds.
102S San Auguptine.lO3j 1033 The Fretter....lO3
1020 Billy G 103) 1016 Rainier 105
(972) Gold Fin 108' .... Buck Taylor.. .loS
1010 Owyhee 108 : 1020 Brttomartls ...100
1016 Also Ran 11...105]
Third race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
996 Rebel Jack 95 294 Dunboy 102
(471) Shasta Water.. loo 1027 Tom 5mith. ...105
1013 Zamar II 105 720 Charlotte M.... 90
893 Alvln E .. .102 (1030) Sly 109
1006 Watomba 93 978 Talbot Cllfton.lo4
1025 La Goleta S3
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-162d day of the
C winter Meeting. Tuesday, May 10, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast. .
irkOO FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; mares four years old and up-
lUO-Z* ward; purse. $300. ___
Bt
917 Wenoma, 4 1
1014 Celoso, 4 1
995 Florlmel. 4 1
1014 Blue Bell, a i
593 Spry Lark. 6 :
ICO9 Zaraida. 4 !
897 Grace F. 4
722 Mary Nlevez, 4
1009 Malplaqupt, 4 j
1014 Grandezla. 4 :
6
3
2
1
5
4
8
7
9
*
1 2
3 4
4 1
2 2
6 2
6 2
7%
8 2
8
1 2
8 3
4 2 .
2 %
5 5
6 6
7 h
8 4
9
1 2
2 2
3 hi
4 hi
5 2
6 3
7 %
8 3
9
1 1
2 h
3 4
4 1
6 h
6 4
7 1
8 2
9
:gott
iwson
Narvaez...
Drpe
Ginn
npklns
3 6-2
2 13-5
12 15
5 7-2
30 • 30
12 10
30 40
30 100
SO 10)
4 100
Imes
ey
Utman
Nichols ...
Time,' 1:09. Winner, G. E. Harrison's eh. m. by Kylo-Llttle Girl.
first three driving.
Bad start.
Won
1033.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $300.
1016 Whaleback j
1016 St. Kristine '.
1020 The Fretter !
1015 Faversham 1
.., Violence '
870 Stone L '
1015 The Miller !
1003 Simi
954 Practice !
lnir, Martillo 1
863 Anchored j
1015 Zaccatoso ...:
mi« x^Tialohark .105 3 .~ lh 2 1 ... II Thorpe ....... 2 3
oo Ihe^rltter •■:::::::!?? 4 ... II 1 * it . ... 34 ■; g" w "s^-::: ■« «
1015 SSEST :::: 1 io1! ::: V* 23 ::: il^T^^- l 5
8-6 Stone i! " 100 1 ... 91 ■ 71 ... 6% O'Nell 60 100
1015 TheMlUer .. V. 105 8 ... 7 1 8% ... 7 1 McGinn ...... 15 30
1003 simi .108 12 ... 12 5^ ... 8 2 Ruiz 10 15
954 Practice ....... 100 10- ... 11 »1 — 91; Gariean 50 60
101* Mart :103: 103 2 ... 6% 19% ... 10 2 Woods ........ « ••
863 Anchored ' 10S11 ... ' 10 12 ... 113 McNichols ... 20 30
101 l Zucatw •.•.•.•.•. 108j 7 .... 9% 9% ... 12 ■■ Plggott 8 8
5
4
9
6
i
8
12
flO
i 2
11
i 7
lh
2 2
4 h
8 1
6 %
9 1
7 1
12
11
6%
10
9 %
2 1
1%
8 %
4 %
6 •*
.71
8%
6 %
9 1
10 %
12
9 %
II
2 1
3 4
4 h..
6 h
6 %
7 1
8 2
9 1
10 2
11 3
12
norpe
IcDonald ...
ompklns ....
laws. m
i. Wilson ...
•Neil
IcGlnn
Uiiz
arigan
t'oods
fcNicholß ...
7
lggott
Time 56 Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'B b. c. by imp. Duncombe-Orange Leaf. Fair
Ftart. Won easily. Second and third driving. 'Coupled with Whaleback. ••Coupled with
Pt. Krlstine.
1034.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; lelllng; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horses.
Weight.
Str.
982 Humidity ....97 4 ... lh 1% 1% In Woods ........ 1 1
inw r Come 106 8 ... 2 % 2 1 2 1 2 4 Piggott 1 *-5
1004 Distal "."... .100 5 ... 6 " 5 6 ... 3 1 McDonald ... 20 30
1022 Leo Vetner i . ... 97 1 ... 4hi 3 % 3% 4% McNlchols... 12 : 12
1020 Baby King ::::::.. .looj 2 ... a% 42 ■ 41 6 ciaw SO n 12 15
Time, 1:01%. Winner, • Burns & -Water-house's br. f. by Hindoo-imp. Calphurnia. Good
start. Won first three driving. " ■ ■.--.:.'.■ . .•.:'-■■ ■■■ -- ■■ ■'■ .
4
8
5
2
h
%
8"
i %
2 1
5 ■
8 %
4 2
1%
2 1
5 ...
3 %
4 1
1 n
2 4
3 1
4 %
5
as
ntt
Ott
>onald ...
lchols ...
irson {
irk OS FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
lUuDt $400.
; purse.
Index. Horses.
Weight, i
him.
Fin.
Jockeys.
921 Rey del Tlerra. 4. ..102; 6
1023 Polish, 4 99 4
986 Sw't Faverdale, 6...105J 2
I*ll Coda. 5 m I
1021 Alvero. 6 92| 8
1023 Twinkle Twink, 4.. 9. f 6
1007 Walter J, 6 99 7
998 Hermanlta, 6 105| 3
021 Rev del Tlerra. 4. ..102 5 8 8 2h 1 % 12% Clawson .
L 023 Polish 4 ._ 99! 4 11% 11 11 2 2 23% Frawley .
986 SWt Faverdale. 6... 103 2 2 n 2 % 3 2 31% 8 1 Thorpe ...
or Coda 5 V*-- I 62 fil 4h 42 42% McDonald
1021 Alvero 8-. 92! 8 7 1 7 1 8 6 1 6 1% Wainrlght
023 Twinkle Twink, 4.. 97 i 6 6% 3% 6 1 6 1 6 1 Everson ..
007 Waltrr J, 6 9917 4h 41. 7 1 7 1 7 5 Powell ...
993 Hermanlta, 6 105 i 3 3n 5% 5 h 8 8 Plggott ...
8
11%
2 n
6 2
7 1
6 %
4 h
3 n '
8
1 1
2 %
6 1
7 1
3 %
4 1 ,
5 %
2 h
1 1
3 2
4 h
8
6 1
7 1
s_h
1 hi
2 2
3 1%
4 2
61
61
7 1
8
12%
2 3%
3 1
4 2%
6 1%
6 1
7 5
8
wson
iwley
>rpe
Donald ...
2 6-2
8 4
4 4
... c 8
... 15 40
15 40
20 80
4 4
lnrlght ...
?rson
veil
gott
Time, 1:48%. Winner, B. W. Purser's b. h. by Prince of Norfolk-Haldee.
Won all out. Second and third driving.
Good start.
|/vq/> FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
1021 Duke of York 11....:
1018 Imp. M15510ner ......:
1025 Bonnie lone .:......:
. 996 Mocorlto ........ ....^
(1021) El Moro .:.......:...:
994 Charles le 8e1......:
' 956 Tcwanda '
891 Magnus •'...]
1024 Mtstleton ....;. :
3
T
5
4
2
8
6
1
9
8 hi
7 1
■ U %
1 h
V 3 1 ■■;■-■.
8 •■- -
4 1
2 h
:■ •
7 1
it
1 2
2 b
8
3 i,4
6 h
5 2
12
6 %
-7 1
3 1
8
1 2
2 2
4 2
8 1
5 1
6 3
7 5
8
1 4
2 2
3 1%
4 4
c i
6 4
7 2
8
iwson
rgott
OS
Woods
Nichols ...
6
8-5
100
5-2
12
8
15
SO
8
:vr 6
3
40
7-5
25
8
30
100
10
Donald
iz
well
mpkins .:..
Time 1:28V4- Winner, Mrs. L. M. Appleby's eh. c. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. Good
start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
||-|O»7 SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
995 Fortura. 6 111| 2 In lb 11 ... lh Hennesay .... 2 2
1021 Rapid^V 113 9 8% 6% Tft ... 2h Ruiz 10 YL
341 Navy Blue, 6 113 6 41% Sh 31* ... 3 2 Rouiller 30 40
1021 Attlcus. 4 lUI3 5h 910 4% ... 4% Taylor 12 8
1014 Senator Morrill, a.. 116 1 6 7hi 5 h ... 5 1 !R. Narvaez .. 8 15
956 George Palmer. 4. ..103 8 7 % 4ti 6% ... 61 Holmes 15 30
1014 The Dragon, 5 116 10 92 8% 8% ... 72 Tompklns .... 2 11-5
1009 Olivia, 6 Ill' 4 3h 5% 910 ... 8 1 McDonald ... 6 10
1014 Miss Ruth. 6 Uli 5 21% 2 1 2% ••• 910 O'Neil 12 8
895 Terra Archer, 5 113 1 7 10 10 10 -.. 10 jEnog « 20 40
Time, 1:44,4. "Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'i b. m. by imp. Brutus-Viola Rea. Good
•tart. Won first three driving.
2
9
6
3
1
8
10
4
5
7
In
-.8 hi
4 1%
5 h
6 %
' 7 %
92
3 h
2 1%
tIOWBi
lh
6%. .
3 h
9 10
. 7 % '
4 h
8%
5 % .
■ . 2 1 :
; 10 :
1 1 '
7 V 4
■ 3 1%
4 Vi
6 h
6 %
8 % g
E 910
2 %
■■;, 10 :--;-
1 h
2 h
3 2
4 '%
.5 1
6 1
72
r 8 1
9 10
..10,K
uneasy ....
lz ..........
ulller ......
rlor ..;..,..
Narvaei • . .
lines .'..■..;.
npklns ....
Donald ....
fell ;.y. :...-.
oa«
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward.
(1018) Morellito 95|(1024) Cromwell ■•■■••111
1018 Oddson 91 (1017) Imp.Mistral ELIO7
(1012) Fonsovannah .. 98 j 1000 Thelma 106
(988) Olive 106!
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1025 Elsmore 94 1017 Bernardino ...104
1011 Earl Cochran..lo7 1031 Soscol 86
1025 Recreation .... 91 1023 Robair 107
1027 Lost Girl 100 (1011) San Marco 114
994 Don Luis 9l!
Sixth race— Five-eighths of & mile; three
year-olds; selling.
966 Negligence ....1061 1019 Saticoy 108
O031) Miss Rowena.. 98 1026 P. A. FinnigunlOO
1031 Oahu 98 <9"'O) Hurly 8ur1y... .104
1023 Mast'r Mariner P7i 1031 Stepabout 9o
(94fi) Tempse 95 1006 Lady Ashley... 96
1031 Castake 1001
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Miss Ruth, McFarlane. Midas.
Second race— Gold Fin. Owyhee. Ranler.
Third race— Shasta Water. La Ooleta, Sly.
Fourth race— Fonsovannah. Morellito, Odds
on.
Fifth race— Recreation. Bernardino, Lost
Girl.
Sixth race-Miss Rowena, Hurly Burly, Step
about.
AMATEUR BOXING EOTJTS.
Two Entertainments Will Be Held
This Week for the Love of
Sport.
The California Athletic and Swimming
Club has announced that it will hold a
fistic entertainment at 1106 Golden Gate
avenue on Thurdsday evening, and that
the feature will be an eight-round con
test between Charley Rochette of this
city and "Kid" Careon of Los Angeles.
The preliminaries will consist of six-round
v.niit£ hetween D. Carroll and E. Dam,
Dick cAlVara and F. McGinnis, M. Mayer
an On M Frklav e evening the Excelsior Club
will give a boxing show at its rooms, cor
ner of Eighth and Folsom streets The
feature of the entertainment will be an
efghNround contest between Thomas
Lynch and Vie Legay for the heavy
weight amateur championship. L> ncn
stands six feet and weighs fe pounds
and his opponent is 6 feet 1 inch and will
weigh 190 pounds. This contest will result
in a heavy slogging match, which prom
ises to be exciting.
Cycling Notes.
The California Cycling Club has elected
the following officers: President. F. A.
Bus>h- vice-president. Fred N. Bent; sec
retary. William Reid; treasurer. William
Sangster; captain. *• A. Coulter; direct
ors, M. A. Griffiths, T. H- «hlte C J.
Birasall, C. Michener and E. H. Ward.
Two of the largest cycling runs of the
season will be held next Sunday First
in importance comes that of the Olympic
Cyclers to Escalles. in Marin County.
Members and guests are promised a
pleasant ride, and at destination games.
niupic. an entertainment and "the great
est dinner on earth." N. A. Hewson. J.
W. Coffroth. Charles F. Morel, John F.
Coonev and Frank G. CV Kane comprise
the committee in charge. President Mc-
Ginnis and Secretary Taylor will assist
ex-offldo. while Captain W. D. Shea will
e The* other*" Is the "Fifth Annual Old
Men's Run" of the Reliance Club of Oak
land to San Mateo. They will leave M eb
ster-street wharf. Oakland, at 8:30 o clock
next Sunday morning on the tug Walter
B Hackett and Bteam to Point ban
Bruno, there disembarking and wheeling
via Burlingame to San Mateo beach. A
swim in the surf will precede a chicken
dinner, upon the quality and quantity of
which at these annual reunions the Re
liance "old men" pride themselves. The
committee comprises. E B. Jerome,
George H. Strong. C. H. Lovell. F. E.
Whitney, S. G. Dunbar, H. H. Shinn, F.
F Caire. Seth Mann, W. L. Arnold, G.
R. Lukens, P. S. Carlton and P. H. Ber
nays.
De La Montanyas Remarried.
There is a big rumpus in the De La
Montanya family of this city in conse
quence of the remarriage of the son,
James, with his divorced wife, the daugh
ter of Judge Spencer of San Jose. The
wedding took place in Napa last Satur
day but the plan of the young folks to
have the incident kept secret for a while
accidentally leaked out. The desire for
secrecy was caused by the fear of the son
that his father would disinherit him.
The troubles of the couple date back four
years when there was a divorce granted,
the father being awarded the custody of
the little boy and the mother that of the
daughter. Since then the case has been
in the courts of two countries, the father
having obtained another divorce in the
courts of France, which gave him the
custody of both children. Upon returning
to this country another fight was made
for the children, who were awarded to
the grandparents. A while ago the prin
cipals came together and adjusted their
differences, and decided to elope and get
mail ltd.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL., WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
CONTESTS ON
THE DIAMOND
Orioles Go Down Before
the Bean-Eating Ball-
Tossers.
Rusie Holds the Brooklyn Men
Down to a Single
Hit.
Philadelphia Defeats Washington and
Pittsburg Wins From Louis
ville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 10.— McJames went to
pleoes in the fourth Inning to-day and
the home team scored eight unearned
runs. The rest of the game was a fine
exhibition. Attendance 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 10 13 8
Baltimore 4 12
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; McJames and
Clarke. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— To-day's
game was a good one. The visitors
won by fast playing. Attendance 110.
SC ° re: R. H. E.
Washington 4 11 2
Philadelphia * 1*
Batteries— Amole and McGuire; Wheeler and
McFarland. Umpires — Emslle and Andrews.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Rusie lobbed
the ball over, but the Brookiyns could
get only one hit. Kennedy's delivery
was very erratic and the support be
hind him about as bad. Attendance
4000. Score:
Brooklyn 0 1 5
New York 5 8 2
Batteries— Kennedy and Smith; Rusle and
Grady. Umpires— Curry and Snyder.
PITTSBURG. May 10.— Pittsburg won
the game In the third Inning, when,
with the bases full, Davis knocked out
a three-bagger, bringing in the three
runs. Attendance 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg « 10 ?
Louisville 2 8 1
Batteries— Tannehlll and Schrlever; Dowling
and Wilson. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
CINCINNATI, May 10.— Clnclnnatl-
St. Louis game postponed; rain.
CLEVELAND, May 10.— No game;
rain.
HIGH DEGREE'S VICTORY.
Captures the Fashion Stakes for
Fillies at Morris Park.
NEW YORK. May 10.— The chief event
at Morris Park to-day was the Fashion
stakes for two-year-old fillies, in which
PrestidiKitatrice was a hot favorite. Sum-
Maries:
Six furlongs. Previous won. Gala Day
second, Ten Spot third. Time, 1:16%
One mile, Arabian won, Marslan sec
ond, Louise N third. Time, 1:42.
Fashion stakes, half a mile. High De
gree won, Prestidigitatrice second, Lady
Onward third. Time, :49.
Four and a ha}f furlongs. Counselor
"Wernberg won, Jean Beraud second,
Hapsburg third. Time. :56.
The Croton high weight handicap, six
furlongs. Sly Fox won. Damien second,
Ruskin third. Time. 1:16.
One mile, Handball won. Ortoland sec
ond, Arequbus third. Time, 1:4314.
LOUISVILLE, May 10.— It was cloudy
and rained a little to-day, but the track
was very fast.
Four furlongs, selling. Grievance won,
Glad Hand second, Besique third. Time,
Free handicap, one mile. Banished won,
J H C second, Gid Law third. Time,
Six' and a half furlongs, selling. Monk
Wayman won, Miss C second, Duoro third.
half furlongs. The Barrister
won, Rpvanna second, Helen Bush third.
Orfe mile, selling, George Kratz won,
Prosecutor second, Allie Belle third. Time.
Six" and a half furlongs, selling. Ama
teur won. Judge Quigley second, Nicholas
third. Time, 1:23%. __
American Horses in Front.
LONDON, May 10.— At the first day's
racing of the Newmarket second spring
meeting to-day Richard Croker's two
vear-old brown colt Knickerbocker won
the Evenir,-? plate of 500 sovereigns. The
Lorillard-Beresford stable's three-year
old bay colt Elfin won the Burwell stakes.
Bicyclists Registered.
BALTIMORE, May 10.— Chairman Mott
of the League of American Wheelmen
racing board has issued a notice giving
a list of bicyclists registered, including
Harry F. Terrill and O. L. Packard of
San Francisco.
CLEVER BURGLARS
PLY THEIR TRADE
The Establishment of Gallagher
& Peters Entered by
Thieves.
After a decade of uselessness, except aa
a fixture that lent dignity to a neat lit
tle office, a small safe was put to use
in the establishment of Gallagher & Pet
ers, Bryant street, near Fourth, last Sat
urday night and $61 35 graced one of the
interior coffers. Yesterday morning, how
ever, the money graced the pockets of
some industrious burglar or burglars, and
the beauty of the safe was considerably
impaired.
Saturday evening James Gallagher, one
of the partners of the firm, placed the
money in the safe to pay several little
bills that fell due yesterday morning.
When Mr. Gallagher and his partner re
turned to their work after the Sabbath
rest they were followed closely by a col
lector, and Gallagher went to the safe
to get the money. He opened the out
side door, which showed no evidences of
a burglar's visit, without difficulty when,
to his surprise, he noticed that several
drill holes disfigured. the face of the steel
money box. He unlocked it. however,
reached his hand Into the box for the j
coin, but it was gone. An investigation I
disclosed the fact that after the box had |
been removed it was broken open with I
some sharp instrument and its contents
taken.
Just how the burglars entered the es
tablishment is a mystery, as all the doors
were securely barred in front and the
windows as far as can be ascertained
were not disturbed, but in any event they
found an entrance. The case was re
ported to the police, and detectives are
searching for the safe crackers.
Bejected Native Sons.
Eight Chinamen who claimed to be na
tives of San Francisco, who arrived on
the Peking, were refused a landing by the
Collector yesterday.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emma Carson to Mary E. Carson, lot on N
line of Broadway. 139 E of Van Ness avenue,
E 23:9 by N 137:6; eift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Broadway,
162:9 E of Van Ness avenue, E 1:3 by N 137:6;
gift.
Amelia V. R. Plxley to Frank P. Topping,
lot on N line of Green street, 30 W of Fin
more, W 30 by N 137:6; gift.
Maximilian Roth to Fannie Roth, lot on NW
corner of Fourteenth and Guerrero streets, N
45 by W 76:4; gift.
Eliza K. Comerford to Hanorah McAllister,
wife of John, lot on W line of Dolores street,
BG N of Duncan. W E5:10, NE 110, S 95; 910.
M. and Marie Miffuelajaurerul to Stefano
Cereghlno, lot on E line of Kearny street, 69j8
6 of Broadway, S 25:7% by E 57:6; also right
of way over alley 7 1 * feet wide, running from
St. Charles place N to sand lot; $10.
Timothy Sullivan to Timothy Sullivan
(nephew), lot on SW corner of O'Farrell and
Jones streets, W 27:6 by S 68:9; $10.
John Sullivan to Abby Sullivan, lot on HE
line of Stevenson street, 468 SW of Seventh,
SW 30 by SE 75; also lot on SE line of Ste
venson street. 385 SW of Seventh, SW 27:5 by
SE 75; also lot on SE line of Stevenson street,
4»8 SW of Seventh, SW 27 by SE 75; grift.
City and County of San Francisco to John
Miller, lot on S line of Humboldt street, 25 B
of Vermont, E 50 by S 100; $—
J. W. Schouten and J. H. McCailum to
James A. Thompson, lot 6, block 70, Excelsior
Homestead Association; $576.
Charles Chadxvick to George Chadwick. lot
on W corner of Twelfth avenue and X street,
NW 75, by SW 200. lots 1 and 1«. block 274,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; also lots 15 to 20, block 55, City
Land Association; $10.
Alameda County.
Leah and Abraham Levin to Leon B. Gold
berg, undivided l-18th interest in lot on E cor
ner of Nineteenth avenue and X Twenty-sev
enth street, SE 250 by NE 140, block 92, North
ern Addition to Brooklyn East Oakland, war
ranty deed; $10.
Columbian M. B. and L. Association to Ro
salia Keller, lot on SW line of Grant avenue,
427 SE of Telegraph, SE 30 by SW 115. being
portion Amended Map Mosswood Tract, Oak
land Annex: $1250.
A. T. and Minnie V. Spence to W. W. Chap
man, lot on E line of Spauldlng avenua, 93.10
S of Bancroft way, E 129.25 by R 50. block 4.
Bpaulding Tract, subject to mortgage for $1300,
Berkeley; $M.
Anton and Oliviea Christenpen to Edmund
Kallwright. lot on S line of Blake street, 236.40
W of Grove avenue, W 50 by S 130. being lot 6,
block F, Crystal Springs '"ract, Berkeley; $10.
Florence O. ancl J. B. Boon (by commis
sioner) to Stefann Zerga, lot on E line of
Prospect street, !00 S of Chicago avinue. S 50
by E US, being lots 14 and 15, blwk H, Re
vised Map Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $858.
Theodore and Mathilde Meetz to Brainard F.
Smith, lot on N line of Railroad sivnue. 88:10^
E of Concordla street, E 50 by N 15#, Alamcda;
$10.
Mary E. Shafer fby commissioner) to Lester
A. Pelton. lot on SE corner of Buena \ ista
avenue and Grand street. E 108 by S 60. block
42. landß adiacent to Encinal, Alameda; $802.
Edward Newland (trustee estate of Mary
New-land) to Louisa Campbell. Mary and K. A.
Newland and S,ophie Neustadt. undivided half
interest In lot on NE corner of Washington
and Seventh streets, E 90 by N 50, Oakland:
$10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Jamea
Coaklejr, lot on W line of Telegraph avenue.
100 S of Knox. S 40 by W 100, portion of Knox
Park, Oakland: $1400.
Mary A. and A. V. Tuohy to Mary C. and
Helen A. Tuohy. plats P and Q of undivided
mountain or hill lands, P.aneho V. and D.
Peralta, excepting Vi acres sold to Mrs. Mcc
out of plat Q, Oakland Township; gift.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Gaetano Sabato
and Salvatore Taranto, lot 10. 11 and 12. block
2, Berthier's Addition to Jones Tract, being a
subdivision of lots 2 and IK. Peralta Tract,
Brooklyn Township; grant.
Georgine Kroger (wife of August) to M. C.
Nunan, lot on W corner of Davis street and
Redwood road. SW 30. NW 133.06, NE 29. 78.
SE 135.40 to beginning, being lot 82. block C.
Fruitvale Villa Tract, quitclaim deed. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Charles F. and Pauline E. Mattock to same,
same; $10.
Frank H. and Mary E. Lombard to Her
mann Gohllch, lot on S line of Taylor avenue,
288:10 W of St. Charles W 33:4 by R 148, being
portion of Vischer Trn^t. Alar^d-i: $10.
Man' E. Wright to W. S. Phelan, lot on N
line of Chicago avenue, 150 E of Fruitvale
avenue, E 80, N 130, W 30. N 50. W 50. 9 180
to beginning, block 1, Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Louis Friedlander (owner) with James L.
Wilson and James F. Long (contractors), archi
tect C. H. Hasty, all work for a two-story
frame building 'two flats) on W "-- of Devis
adero street, 75 N of McAllister. N 25 by W 100;
|S6BO.
Same (owner) with same, architect same, all
work for a two-story frame Mulling (two
lints) on P line of Page street. 87:6 W o( U
jnina W 25, S 137:6, E 12:6, N 50. E 12:6, N
87:6: $3400. _________ ______
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; op«*n until i> o'clock.
MKETISO JfOTICES. ■ • ■■■
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. &A. M.— •
The officers and members are re- _#\_
quested to meet at ' asonlc Temple TK^r
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY). May'^T^
11, 1898. at 1:30 o'clock p. m., to attend the
funeral services of our deceased brother,
CARL WILHELM HEIDBORN. By order of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
TWENTIETH annual picnic of . the » -J^,
Austrian Military and Benevolent As- QisJS£l
(violation will be held at Germania «MfBSS
Gardens, Presidio, SUNDAY, May 15. <??££»
. 1898. Admission 25 cents. Children
V free. THE COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
■ Water Company will be held at 327 Market
St., San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, \ the
23d day of May, IS9S, at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a ; board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
: transaction of such other business as may
• come before the meeting. Tranfer books will
close en Friday, May 13, 1898, it 2p. m. .
(HAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office — Market at., San Francisco. Cal.
™ SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6680.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor
• baths. .; 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MME. '. HANBEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St. : '
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120^ Geary St., room 11.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1.-147 Powell »t.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 865& Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. lbM Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10. second floor front. '... :
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of < New Orleans:
baths and massage. : 1118 - Market st., rtn. 8.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Bath*.
. massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 6.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. >;
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 65 (fifty
cents . per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Friday, May 20, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, May 14, 1898, at 12 j
o'clock m. ■ ■ ' '
E.H.SHELDON. Secretary;
i situations WANTED— female.
FIRST-CLASS refined German infant's nurse
desires situation; 3 years last place; city or
I country; ; good seamstress. = MISS CULLEN,
. 325 . Sutter ■ st. ', ■:!'.'■. ...::-»;i ; V-Jj-:-' :,-;:.-. '. '. ■'■■' :': '- '
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT Swedish woman with a girl : 6
1 years desires situation; $10; reference; city
or country; good cook. MISS CULLEN, : 325
;; Sutter st. , ■'■■ .; ■;,..;■■ - : ••-- .: . -•- - : - '" ■■."•■ i--'
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
• housework or as nurse; $10 to- $15. MISS
'CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.- •,.-■-■■. ' ; -' -'T^
FIRST-CLASS German, waitress and seam-
stress ;■ desires situation; city or country.
f MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.: ■'■•: :':>' ■■" ■■'■'■■
MIDDLE-AGED i German i woman j . good cook
.and houseworker; city or country; $10 to $12.
, MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St. : :
YOUNG Swedish housegirl, strong and [ willing,
; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 823 Sutter at.; .-.
SWEDISH first-class laundress wishes: situa-
tion. Apply MRS. . NORTON, Swedish '' and
German . Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter . at.
COMPETENT German cook best of reference,
: desires a situation. J. F. ? CROSETT & CO.,
'-.: 316 Sutter st. < •■;: "-y__ -^y.'/ •■■' ■-:_".- ' ■'-'•'-■ ;■■:■
SITUATION by a competent, trustworthy young
woman; is a good cook and kind to. children:
■■■■■ or ' would assist with : any ; kind ;of : - work; by
:■•, the day. - Address box 2203, Call office.
COMPETENT micdle-aged refined lady desires
• position as ; seamstress; - can • bring • machine;
4- also. willing. to do light housework; moderate.
Box 2390. Call flee. ■,t : ■■-•■■.- ■: •'-. ;; ; - ■:■: *'
RESPECTAiiLE girl | wishes | situation vtol do
-' chamberwork ; ■; also i good ■ seamstress ; - best -of
city ■ reference; city or J country. : : 2329 Cali-
fornia st. -. y : --:-- ,- : : : :v<\ -.•..;-. j •-..'.■•■■ ■'■ >-j •'• ; :> '■/•>'■•;.■•
YOUNG : girl, 16. - speaks '. German ; and English,
. -wishes place to ■ do ' housework; -would like to
sleep at home; wages $10 to $12. Call or ad-
; dress 254 Shipley Bt,:i.: \j: r ■-•: :"';:.:.,■
YOUNG r strong •" German ' woman ; wants : wash-
;,' ing, :* Ironing, .; house or ? window cleaning; $1
_>■ and '.. carfare. -; M., - 1133 -: Folsom •• st. ; ; postals
I; answered immediately. ■-.;■--' ' . ..■■■■
GIRL *- for* light ' housework; " city or : country;
Box 219.'. Call office* •■-.. '>'$Wt&8Bg!&H-
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
NEAT Intelligent lady wishes :■; situation of
trust: good references; no. objection to leav-
■ : Ing city; no canvassing accepted. Box 2197,
..Call office. ■ ■■■-■ . '■,: .•- ■-.■':.---/:'•■ ■■S'v-'.'. '- .■
WANTED— ', respectable German J woman, to
do light housework, or take care of sick per-
.' son; $2 50 a week or $8 •: per month. Address
box 2251. Call office. ; . •
WANTED— Situation by a first-class chamber-
maid; . has worked in first-class hotels;
wishes to sleep home. Address 737 Howard st.
SWISS girl wishes situation to do housework;
- no washing; American or French family pre-
ferred; good references.' 511 . Broadway.
RELIABLE woman: middle aged; ' good cook i
and laundress; willing to go a short distance
In the country. 424 Post St., near Mason.
COMPETENT woman will do housework; good
cook; good laundress: wages $12 to $15; refer-
ences; city or country. 79 Jessie 5t. ... v
WANTED— A position to do light housework,
with privilege to take baby; $8 to $10 - per
. month. ; Address box 2192, Call office.
RESPECTFUL girl desires a situation at sec-
ond work or cooking; reference. Please call
Wednesday at 1527 Bush st.
GERMAN girl wants situation as cook In pri-
vate family; wages $30. Call at 560 Howard.
WOMAN with a child wishes place as cook;
wages $10; city or country. Box 2193, Call.
GOOD, strong, experienced girl wishes position
to do general housework and cooking. Please
, call at 1609'^ California St., nr. Van Ness aye.
YOUNG woman with a child as housekeeper;
- city or country. Apply In grocery, ' Eight-
eenth and Danvers sts. .
REFINED German girl wants position In
small family as second girl. Call 1256 East
Fourteenth st. Fruit vale.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in housework;
willing and obliging. Call or address 440 Na-
toma st.
SITUATION wanted by capable young woman
to do chamber-work in an Institution; is also
a good nurse; best reference. 410 Grove st.
i WANTED— Work by the day; any kind of
housework; good laundress; $1 and car fare.
Wik Sixth st. .
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position and house-
work; good .city reference. Address 708 How-
ard St., near Third.
STRONG woman wants chamber work to do
In public Institution, In or out of city. Ad- I
dress MRS. JULIA M. KING, gen, delivery-
LADY wishes the care of invalid lady; Is neat
and good housekeeper; no objection to chil-
dren or leaving city. Box 2398, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener with good references j
wishes a steady situation. Address Gardener, !
box 6666, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like to do repairing in
_a_tailor's shop. Address box 2235, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED wom£h wishes a situation in
city . or country; good cook and laundress; j
wishes work right away. 737 Howard St., r 14.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day or
as housekeeper. MRS. STOKES, 631 Golden
Gate aye.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 322 Third !
street.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation
in private f; mily. Call 1022 Larkln St.
3 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish situations, 1 for
housework and 2 for laundry. 414 Folsom st.
EASTERN young lady of refinement wishes
position as companion or private secretary; >
would travel. J. E. MORRIS, Golden Gate
Alameda County, "Cal. B
WOMAN wishes a position at general house-
work. Call at 177 Perry st. .-. -
LAUNDRESS wishes a position ; city or coun-
j try. Address box 2213, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper by lady
with small child; city preferred. Address
2019 Hyde st. ; . .
POSITION by experienced, trustworthy person
to attend store in bakery and help; city or
country. Call or address 20 A Sheridan St.,
bet. Harrison and Folsom and 9th and 10th.
REFINED lady desires position as companion
or care of, invalid. Box 2233, Call office.
WANTED by a young German woman work
by the • day or place in country where she
can take child 3 years old. 130% Ninth st.
BTrtONG young woman with child 2 years old
wlhes to do plain housework. Address 166
i Clara St., third floor.
NORTH German girl desires a position to do
general housework or second work in a small
family; $20 a month. 27 Liberty st., between
Twentieth and Twenty-first.
A SLAVONIAN girl wants a situation for cook-
Ing and housework. 75 Clementina st.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
«on st. ■■ ■■■":■ '.'■.;■-.■...- -/ :••
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1197. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese employn.fcnt office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
WANTED, by a steady, reliable man, situa-
tion at any kind of employment; indoors or
out. Aioly F. H. GREENFIELD. 220 Third
St., room 31; call between 3 and 5 p. m.
WANTED— Situation around private place; el-
derly man; thoroughly understands . care of
horses, driving, milking and garden work;
reference. A. 8.C., 413 Natoma st.
WANTED by a man of middle age. to take
care of horses and garden; can 1 milk and is
a first-class driver; best of city reference.
Address box 2331. Call Office. ; j
SWEDISH sailor, 28, wants position as Janitor
for boathouse or to take care of pleasure
yacht; best of references. WILLIAM MITCH-
ELL, Golden West Hotel. . .'■•:-:
STABLEMAN, married, good all-round j man,
steady and reliable, wants position; long ex-
perience; 5 years last place; city preferred.
Box 2150. Call Office.
COMPETENT provision and grocery salesman,
or on road: references; salary when he !
proves worth to employers. Address 8., 826
Castro St., Oakland. ,
YOUNG man wishes work around house: In-
side or outside; very handy. Address E. H.
BARTELS, 905 Larkin st. '. ' .
EXPERIENCED carpenter will work cheap by
day or contract; city or country. Address box
2889. Call Office.
MAN who understands cooking . and garden-
Ing; willing to make himself generally use-
ful. 30 Annie St., Oakland. \ ."
GERMAN for years foreman in vineyards and
wineries wishes situation. Address 101 O'Far-
rell st. - ■.
JAPANESE desires light work for his room.
Address box 2232. Call. .'' - ?.':
GOOD, reliable and experienced man wishes
employment to manage either city or country
; business or to take Eastern agencies; best
references. Address S. S.,;box 2210, Call.
YOUNG man (German) wishes a . position ; ex-
perienced I clerk; strictly sober; best of refer-
ences. Address box 2212, Call office.
YOUNG Boston man would like situation in
business house; good references from Boston
and San Francisco; 5 years in last place. Ad-
dress J. J. 8., SIS Brush St., ; Oakland.
BARTENDER, 28, first class ;: best of refer- |
■ ences; .willing , and - obliging. WILLIAM ■
MITCHELL, Golden West Hotel. r.-rr-'
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright . wishes t position;
. steady; references. Room . 16. Golden Eagle i
- Hotel, i corner .; Montgomery ; and Broadway. . ■
VALET, Swede, ■: 28; experienced in . massage
and nursing; best of references. WILLIAM
MITCHELL, Golden West Hotel.
SITUATION wanted with family to assist and
milk a couple of cows. 344 Tenth St., ■:.:
BOY 16 years old wishes ; steady work ■In coun-
try for grocer, butcher or any, kind of busi-
ness; will go to any part of State. Box 2215,
Call office. . - *
YOUNG man wants position In :. wholesale
house: anything; not afraid of work. Ad-
. dress 223 Mason st., ; room 6. . . '
AN all-around man wants situation as janitor,
porter or driver; best of references. Address
C. SMITTZ. 917 - Howard st. / ...'; ' _y-. ■'■' ■'■': v^'
WANTED— A position as stationary engineer;
■ lately | from | the East; do | own ■ steam ) fitting
and useful man around a mill; 15 years' ref-
■ - erence. Address 325 Fifth st. . -■ .
POSITION wanted by a good cake baker; ori-
ental work. Address 253 Natoma st. r .:
SITUATION by young man 30 years old In any
capacity; : city or ■ country; ■-': good bookkeeper
-■ : and i typewriter; ■ reference ■ from : present • em-
; ployer. , Address box 2261. Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will do work
■ by the day. hour or contract. ' Address FRED
KODA. 409H O'Farrell st. y - ; v : : *
ELEVENTH, Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and - want . ads taken. • -- . » ,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN - cook, ' country hotel, - $30 ; | Danish ho-
tel cook, small place, $25; German or Swedish
pantry girl, $25; restaurant cooks, $10 and $7
week; 2 waitresses, country, $20. ' C. R. HAN-
'/[ SEN .- & CO.. 104 ; Geary . st. ' '- -; : ;^ ; -
NEAT young chambermaid, summer. resort, $20,
see party here. :C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary v st. .-;•.,■ ";;,;'■!' ■!'-: ■ ■ ;:„ ■'.-,:.,..■.:'■■;/;.■.;
SECOND ' girl, $20; . nurse, :'. 1:. child,' ■ $20; cook,
- choice place, * $25; cooking : and ; housework. . 2
■,' in family.: $25; German girl > for Sonora, . $25,
see party here, fare paid; > a number, of good
■ girls, 1 *; city and « country. ;-: $15 ito > $25. . C. -R.
: ;; HANSEN /& ; CO.. 104 1 Geary , st. -'; ? - :r'- -J-. \~ •:• -:
EXPERIENCED girl, candy store; 'young girl,
; candy i store, $2 50 week. ' C. R. HANSEN <&
CO.. 104 Geary st. :> :;{ r ; ;* \.~s - - \
. HELP WANTED— Continued. .
COOK, $25 to $30; second girl, same house. $20.
country, good place. MISS CULLEN. 825
, Sutter at. ..•:■;•-' ''. . .:' ;. ■ "■-' ' -" ; ' '■■ -■■■''
NURSE, 1 child, $20; 2 second girls, $20 and
$25; second work and laundress, $25. MISS
CULLEN,' 32S Sutter St.'
NURSE, country, $15. MISS . CULLEN. :\ 325
; Sutter st. -■■-; _ . '."..-■■ ■■■-:■■-•■ ' : '.
GERMAN waitress and parlor maid. $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. __
i SEAMSTRESS and waitress. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .
WORKING housekeeper, $20, . country hotel.
• MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. . -
COOK, $35. easy place. , MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. -■•-'■■,■■ : -;- - .-- ■ : '
WORKING housekeeper, country, $15, good
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■ ■--■
NEAT young girl, $16, light work. MISS CUL-
- LEN. 325 Sutter St. ■■,■■-'■ ■-"-■■
NEAT second girl, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
3 YOUNG German cooks; $80 and $25. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St.
GERMAN ■or French seamstress. $20: relia-
ble Swedish or German housework girl, ref-
erences required. MRS. LAMBERT. 417
. Powell st."
GERMAN nursegirl. child 2 years, $15; 8 girls
for housework, $15 and $25. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell at.
WOMAN with a child. $18; country. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St.
COOK. San Jose, $30, see lady here; waiters,
$20; seamstress and waitress, $20. MKo-
NORTON. 323 Sutter st. ■-
HOUSEGIRL, $25, two in family; housegirl, no
cooking, $15; nursegirl, $15 to $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, $18; waitress, institution.
$20; cook $25: cook. $30, American family.
MRS. NORTON", 323 Sutter st.
I COOK, small hotel, $30, see party here this
morning; 2 Scandinavian and German second
I girls. $20; Protestant cook. American family,
$25; second girl and laundress, $25; nurse. 1
child, $20; 5 waitresses and chambermaids,
$20 and $5 and $6 week, and a large number
of girls for cooking and housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. __________
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, 6 waitresses;
restaurant cook. $30; seamstress; pantry
girls: kitchen keeper; chambermaids; ISO
housegirls. 1023 Market st.
'. GIRLS on salary and commission. Call early.
103 Murphy b<- ■'-'ing, 1236 Market st. .■■..
STENOGRAPHER: 3 milliners; dressmaker;
glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market at.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. 1023 Market st.
GENERAL servant, family 3, no washing, $20;
quick. At 1023 Market at. : , -
I MANAGING hotel housekeeper, experienced,
California references; 6 chambermaids. 1023
Market st. ' . -. - ■ .
j LADY office partner; light, profitable cash
business; $15 weekly. 313 Bush St.
NEAT girl for. second work and waiting, pri-
vate family, city. $20. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. '
GIRL for chamberwork and washing, $25; also
cook. $30. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln st.
WAITRESS. "country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Refined elderly woman, thorough
housekeeper; good home for right person.
Call or address MRS. SIDES. Vallejo, Cal.
! IN THE Mission a competent girl or woman for
general housework; sleep at home nights;
wages $15. Address box 2392. Call office.
INTELLIGENT young woman to travel in the
country; chance to make money. Address \V.
box 8, Call Office, Oakland. '
LADY bookkeeper and confidential clerk,
broker's business; confectionery saleslady.
313 Bush st. . -.
GIRL wanted for plain cooking and housework
In Email family. Call in the morning, . 1810
Laguna st. '
AN EXPERIENCED ladies' tailor and opera-
tor. 20 Sansome St., upstairs. '-•;•" j
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 1612
Fulton st., between 10 and 12.
GIRL wanted must be good cook. 1522 Post
j St., near Octavla. ■
GOOD finishers wanted on pants; good wages.
256 Stevenson st. ", : ■■ .-cr
EXPERIENCED finisher on cloaks; good pay.
313 Geary at. . ■■• ■ ■■
— First-class operator and finishers
" on pants. 226 Minna st., basement. . .
GIRL for housework. ; 40 Seventh ■ at:, ' bakery.: "
APPRENTICE wanted on custom , coats. 373
Natoma st., near Fifth.
GOOD tailoress on custom coats; good wages.
610 Montgomery st., room 1. ■ .
LADY to play piano and sing. Call 230 East
street. - * » -
TAILORESS on custom coats and make but-
ton-holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; good
home; small wages. 52 Hancock st.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework at
731 Green st. near Mason." '
WANTED— Good waitress. Call early, 604 Third
street. ■
GOOD German cook wanted. 1721 Van Ness
aye., cor. Clay st. ,
TYPEWRITER operators, send $1 for sample
inkograph outfit; a wonderful device for
writing in five different colors on any type-
writer; guaranteed or money refunded. Ink-
ograph Co., 110 Montgomery st. ■
WANTED — Competent German girl under-
standing cooking and general housework.
' Apply 317 Larkin St.
WOMAN between 21 and 35 for light house-
work: good home and fair pay for right
party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st. ~ ,?■
APPRENTICE girl on custom coats. 1044 How-
■ ard st. . . : .. -.. '. .. '" ' ■
MANGLE hands wanted at the Sun Laundry,
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats;
: good wages. 626 Minna at. . ■ ■' "■' '■- ' ' '
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. ' 2506 Clay st. ; V
DR. WISE, the • ladies* specialist, 1118 Market
st.; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once. *
! LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng . School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LEARN dressmaKing and millinery; positions I
free; patterns . 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post. I
iMNTH, Branch office of The Call; sub- j
scrlptlons and want ads taken. • ;
!'• HELP WANTED— MALE.
BROILER, $60; vegetable cook, $40; fry cook,
$40; vegetable cook. $30; night cook, $15 a
week; 3 cooks, $8 and $7 a week; cook, $10 a
week ; cook, country chophouse, see • party
here, $10 a week; kitchen hand. , summer re-
sort, $25; dishwasher, $20; waiter for a coun-
' ■ try club, $30; 2 waiters for a mining boarding-
house. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
i BARKEEPER. $75; ; head laundryman. $60;
night engineer and electrician, - $60; - wheel-
wright. $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
i ALL-AROUND kitchen hand for a summer re-
; sort. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— 7 COOKS 6 Walters
■-'. 3 Dishwashers 2 ."Walter Boys
36 Tiemakers. city-^ — _ — ,' ' . 2 Walter Boys
: 2 Boys to learn trade 20 Laborers
3 Coal Miners— : 20 Woodchoppers
3 Teamsters, city — — 6 Milkers
. 6 Farm Hands — — — 4 Choremen
2 Ranch Boys
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St., 
A— BLACKSMITH and wagon-maker, $2 50 day,
city Job; boy to -learn blacksmith's trade.- $6O
■ per year; - young ■ man ■to ■ learn - blacksmith's
' : trade,' country shop, $15 1 found. | MURRAY &
:.•> READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ■;. :-_-
GENERAL merchandise clerk, . $60, : country,
store; dry goods clerk, country store, $4»;
grocery store, : $40. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay St., Leading Employment Agts.
A— FARMER and ' wife ' (no - objection . to ; one
child). Contra Costa Co., f $30 - and " found.
.' MURRAY; & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
A— SHINGLE-PACKER, see boss here; sawyer
and Joiner, see boss fi here. : . : MURRAY, ; &
• READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ' . ' .
— American working ) ranch I foreman
■\ and 5 wife, = $60; i milkers, . $20; plain ■-, painters.
-$20- and found; - woodchopper, $150 • a cord;
farmer, $20; !: bricklayer. $3 ' day, . and •*. others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. ■■:■'" .■■" :'.••,; ," : ■■■ ['.': .'- ; ',-: ■' ' .','.'
WANTED— Butler, - $30 and ; found; . restaurant
- porter, $25; ; restaurant cook, country, •." $30;
short order cook. $9 a week, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. •■ \:. \ .:■
WANTED— Man : to C take - care ' of - horses 5 and
milk cows, ■ countr: < place.-: $25; : second cook
and dishwasher for same hotel, country, $45.
man and wife, country hotel. $45: dishwasher,,
$30- dishwasher. $15; young , man, apprentice
in a ! laundry, $10 and found: waiter, $25;
■ waiter, - $20, etc. '■ ANDRE'S, 316 : Stockton. ; ,
GARDENER; man and wife, on ranch; j butter
maker; 2 stout porters. v-- 1023 ; Market j st. '■■ \ ,:■
CLOTHING •■ salesman; card writer ; 3 waiters.
;■;: $40. v s 1023 ' Market ; st. '_ VV'- - -y ,: ; -- : " , ': -::: ■ -:. ~- ■
OFFICE assistant; man and wife, country ho-
;. tel, ; experienced. >. 1023 Market at. ..}. ■' .
WANTED— Young '■ man ' ; who { has ': some : ex-
'' ■> perience In s the , baking - business. Inquire
5 early Sunset Bakery. 108 Third st. -•.:-■
HELP WAITED- Coi»t_n««d.
WANTED— Cook for lunch house In countr-,
$45 to $60; short order night cook. $35 and
found, country; cigar-box maker, good
chance; German choreman for a resort. $25
and found; choreman. private Pface. $15;
young German to work in garden in private
place $16 and found; coachman with city
references. $25 to $30 and f ound: farmers,
milkers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay Bt.
COOK^for^lnstitution la country, $50: bellboy,
city. HOTEL GAZETTE, 42O_Kearn___at.
iTEADY man to keep plain accounts and as-
sist generally in commission business: must
have $150 cash and be satisfied with $i_
Weekly. 917 Market st.. room 2. _
WANTED— Experienced drummer to sell new
article in the provision line; $5 a day or com-
mission. Address, with particulars, box 2194,
Call Office. -
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 10 and
11 a. m., to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market.
COATMAKER wanted at J. DOLD. 553 Valen-
cia st. — ■
BOOTBLACK; Italian boy. 796 Geary st.
ROCK drill men; shovelers; man sharp drills;
cook; have tents; long Job. B._Dox^-a. lav.
WANTED— 2 tinsmiths. Apply GEORGE H.
TAY COMPANY. 616 Battery Bt.
DISHWASHER wanted. 303 East. St., Oak-
land Cafe, San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS presser for coats and competent
tailors. 106 Battery st. _
EXPERIENCED boy to feed Job presses. 1*
Fremont st. _______——
GOOD pressman on pants. 734 Mongomery St..
room 1.
COAT maker for country. Apply REISS BRO&,
24 Sutter st. -
WANTED— Strong boy to learn, carriage
blacksmlthing; good reference. 82S^Harrlson.
SOLICITOR o - wagon for dyeing and renovat-
ing. Emporium Renovating Co.. 109 Eddy st.
BOY about 18 to help on milk wagon. Call
after 5 p. m. at 2410 Folsom st.
A— MANAGING partner cash business, Lo«
Angeles; $500 required; $lfX) per month; no
previous experience. Address Confidential,
318 Bush at. _____
WANTED— 3 first-class tinners. HOLBROOK,
MERRILL & STETSON, cor. Market antt
Beale sts.
EXPERIENCED Ice cream maker can find
permanent employment. E. L., 1159 Broadwaj*.
Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Young man to work In office, do
collecting and assist in general; must put up
$250 cash and be satisfied with $6 a week to
commence with. Address box 1729. Call.
FOR sale— 3 chair 15c barber-shop, 911 Seventh
Bt , Oakland; estab.,l4 yrs.: owner going out
of business. Apply 304 Turk St.. S. F.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. South 688.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cah
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
roomB; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employ m't Office. ».
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c _nd 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shies
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. UShi Eighth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to nny address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted — Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country in War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations: nearly 600 pages: all written,
since Maine disaster: magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; most liberal terms
guaranteed: 20 das-s" credit: price low; freight
paid: handsome outfit free: send 9 2-cent
stamps to pay postage. Educational Union,
324 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted to represent
; Scribner's Magazine: a splendid opportunity
to make money, fall or write Soribner's,
110-121 Phelan building. San Francisco.
HOUSES WANTED."
A~FURNISHED house in Western Addition;
with modern conveniences, wanted by a re-
sponsible party. 403 Examiner building.
WANTED at onee — 10-room unfurnished house
in the Mission district; principals only. 403
Examiner building.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY with a baby desires board; about HO
per week; references. Box 2101. ("all.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— SaIoon partner at 36 East St.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-ofli
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING f JI'SES FOR SALE.
$1100— Only $500 cash; corner 17 rooms
$200— On O'Farrell st. ; flat 7 rooms
$1400— On Market st 23 rooms
$1400 — Best in the city; fine nnrner 50 rooms
$2500— Fine for transient; clears $300.. 52 room*
$B<>o— All men roomers- clears $S0 12 rooms
$800— Fine cor.; worth $1200; only 24 rooms
$450 — On Sutter St.; all rented 14 rooms
$500— Only $250 cash; bal. payments 17 rooms
$1000 — Fine corner; clears $100 26 rooms
$450— The best for price in city 28 rooms
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms; elegant furniture; new piano... $IJTH)
15 rooms; Post st. ; location Al 850
18 rooms; lovely place; only 6"0
19 rooms: rent $27; money-maker 450
20 rooms; rent $55: investigate this 600
21 rooms; rent $2S: income $100 425
32 rooms: rent $100: income $225 850
41 rooms; rent $140;. near Orpheum Z7nO
44 rooms; rent $100: strictly first-class 1300
X— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 2a^_
llfTrooms; safe Investment; clears $250.... 54500
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central: all full 7TO
80 rooms; Kearny; eleirant offices 2600
25 rooms; best on Post: bargain 1550
12 rooms; Powell: elegant 800
6 room flat; Ellis st.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price^
22 room's, nicely furnished, on bread avenue;
large: doing paying business: price $1000. EL.
O. JI'DD & CO., 1424 Park St., Alameda.
HANDSOME, paying house. 16 elegantly fur-
nished rooms: water every room: gentlemen
roomers; 1 block of Baldwin. Box 500, Call.
AT a sacrifice — A sunny corner 50-room house
on account of departure; no agents Box
2199, Call Office.
MONTGOMERY, 627. cor. Clay— Open until 9:N
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscriy-
tlons and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CONTENTS of a finely furnished 6-room fiat.
Apply 475 Guerrero St., near Seventeenth.
NEW furniture, 2 rooms; suitable for living
rooms, offices. 1069 Broadway. Oakland, r. 1.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED — Carpets of an 8 or 10 room house;
central. J. T. TERRY, 421 California at.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel >avls 71.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED — Young man going to Alaska to
handle a good cheap portable boat; good
chance to make expenses of the trip. Addresa
Box 2240, care Call office^
FOR Lawuon City, steamer Northern Light—
Fast«-f t boat on the Yukon , far" flrst-clnss
$if>o; freight $200 per ton; 150 pounds baggage
free; leaves Seattle June 1. Office 3<i E;iet st.
TYPEWRITERS.
TO exchange — A 12-gauge La Fevre hummer-
less shotgun for a No. 2 Smith Premier cr
Hartford typewriter. Address box a.S6. Call.
ALL typewriters sold and i anted; few partly
Daed for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 MontgomeryBUSINESS chances.
A— s3so; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
transfer corner; good business; cheap rent.
WILKE), 7-3 Market st.
A— s3so: BATH house, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent $42; close to Kearny st. ;
kept by owner for years; a first-class busi-
ness opening for the right party. WILKE,
783 Market st.
A. — $500; restaurant; 1- block from cor. Fourth
and Market Bts. ; average daily receipts $45;
best class of customers; disagreement between
partners cause of sale. WILKE, 783 Market.
A. — $600; bakery and confectionery In choice
location. Western Addition; doing a large
store trade; 4 living rooms; rent $50; owner
enlisted as volunteer; a sacrifice. WILKE,
781 Market ft. __^
-CORNER saloon, opp. factory, present
owner there 10 years, wants to retire; daily
receipts $10; can be increased. WILKE, 783
Market st. -
A— BEST paying day saloon In this city;
average dally receipts $20: rent $50; lease.
Particulars, WILKE. 783 Market st.
A— s22oo— RARE chance for investment; first-
class saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up; clearing 1 above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker» rooms; a sacri-
fice- important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILKE. 753 Market st. ■
$100— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket st.; old established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day; a money-making place. M. LESS, 765
■ '
Market st.
$600— CIGAR store; right In wholesale district;
Join*.' large business; selling at great sacri-
fice; don't miss this chance; rent cheap. M.
LESS. "C 5 Market st. , ■
$360— RESTAURANT; north of Market St.;
meals 26c and up; must be sold at once;
owner has joined the volunteers and must
leave at once; best chance In the city. M.
LESS, 765 Market st. \_
$150<wcORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bith in Western Addition; established 20
. years: big bar trade; well worth »J6_o; selling
on account o£ sickness. M. LESS & CO.. 760
Market_ft ; ; .
■ ( 'KNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
6 living rooms; proprietor owns balding:
cheap rent; long lease. M. LESS & CO., 160
Market st^ ____
$350— SALOON; 11 living-rooms; near Oakland
ferry: doing fine business; rare chance; must
be aeen to be appreciated. M. LE&S, <t»
Market st. —
$350— WOOD, coal, nay and grain yard; good j
horse and wagon; a bargain; on account of
immediate departure of owner for the _.ast.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$ToO^PHOTOG^ APHIC business in prosperous
country town bargain; on account of sick-
ness. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23_Keamy St.
$10 PER MONTH for rent, butcher shop; splen-
did location: no opposition. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$400_COFFEE and chop house with branch i
baker}'; thi:: is an unusual bargain; owner
goins north. Mclaughlin & CO., 23
Kearny st.
j^vZsALOON ; best business part of the city; i
established 30 years; disagreement of part- I
ners. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$650— COUNTR! store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story: large lot; worth $2000; !
no opposition; satisfactory, reasons for sell- j
ing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages. 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
jSOo—COKXER saloon; going to Klondike cause
or Bale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22%
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$375— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry office.
Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$SOO— Delicacy: fine corner with living rooms.
Home bakery; 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent: clears $150. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
A— SSSO— GROCERY; b. bakery; stationery; sun-
ny rooms; laundry pays rent. KREDO & CO.,
22 1 Geary st.
WE can sell your business promptly for cash.
BURKE & CO.. 917 Market st.
$100— GRAND chance; route for. Bale; 75 cus-
tomers; horse and wagon; clears $100 month-
ly; can be increased. BURKE & CO., 917
Market st.
$125— CIGAR store! best bargain in city: sell-
Ing on account of death owner; near Mar-
ket st. BURKE & CO.. 917 Market st.
1800 — CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
SALOON among factories; must be sold; owner
leaving city; offer wanted. Apply 24% Third.
$750— COFFEE and chop house; pays well; oppo-
site ferries; offer wanted. Apply. 24% Third.
SALOON, fine living rooms; pays well;
must sell account sickness. Apply 24% 3d st.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
403 EXAMINER BUILDING.
SUCCESSFUL BROKERS
OF INSURANCE.
BUSINESSES
AND PARTNERSHIPS NEGOTIATED.
$25 WILL buy the fixtures of a fruit and vege-
table stall, located In a large meat market;
no rent for first month. Box 2159. Call.
COAL and wood business, "Id established, cheap
for cash, 3 horses, 2 wagons, everything else
necessary- Address box 2391. Call office.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, as
cashier; good-paying restaurant on Mont-
gomery st. Box 2156, Call.
$150— FOR sale, a fruit store, with horse and
wagon; suitable for man and wife. Call 4
p. m. at 1126 Harrison st.
CORNER saloon; must sell this week. 400 Mc-
Allister st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; 3 living
rooms. 24% Third st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; a bargain; will take
partner. 7.'3 Market st. ; basement.
15c BARBERSHOP, wholesale district, to- rent j
or for sale. oI'OLZ, 630 Market st. I
$173 — NEWLY fitted up saloon, complete; never
been opened; ■ill .-••;! stock and fixtures'
separate; good reasons for selling. See
JOHNSON, the Painter, at 441 Sixth St., from
12 to 1 or 6 to Bp. in. ; no agents.
GROCERY, branch bakery, stationery, variety,
cigars; fine sunny rooms and yards; old es-
tablished; cheap rent; laundry and papers
pay rent. Box IS, Coll branch office, 106 11th.
FOR sale— interest in soda-water busi-
ness at Inventory price; 10 per cent off to
the right man. JAS. I. BLIVEN, 153 New
Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery; central; must be sold
account of sickness. Address box 2211. Call.
NEATLY furnished clubrooms for sale; a bar- I
gain: good location. Apply at 13 Third st. |
$200 BUYS fine, centrally located saloon; rent
$17; living rooms; good trade. 406 Geary st. !
RESTAURANT for Bale; no reasonable offer j
refused. 145 Taylor st.
FOR — Home bakery; good paying business;
established years; 6 fine rooms. li) 13 Howard.
FOR — Good-paying restaurant; $200. 136,
Second at. . '
SALOON for sale cheap; no night work. 506
Clay st.
A— SISO— RESTAURANT; see this bargain;
good location.' Apply 827 Mission st. .
A RARE chance for investment in Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, - clearing $250
per month: same owners 8 years; positively
no opposition near; place located on lunction
of best two streets; cheap rent reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. ■ M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD old paying stationery; woman can make
food living. Apply Call office. . ; ; .
PROMINENT plumbing business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business street;
price asked is II in stock; good reason for
selling. , Box 1712, Call office.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. F.I.MANN, Lorln, Cal.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Flllmore st.
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia sts., Stockton.
FOR SALE — route at San Jose; for 'par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose. -
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. - 243 Fourth | st. -
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents: established 1662. 319 Pine st.. city.
f_J5 and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento f.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. - Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. --' - • '- •■ ' ■ ■"■■"' '■-.-'-'-'
~"^~ STORAGE. ~ ~~~
AT low" rates^Turnlture. carpets, pianos^
household goods; clean, light compart
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1021
Mission St., at ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rater— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: .fireproof, building. F. W.
. 2EHFUSS..B4O Mission st. Tel. Mint 18JL
127 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and • want : ads .. taken. i;; 1 :- ' . '
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth st., open evenings. .
TRUNKS, 25c a mo.; other goods _t low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., C3O Jones; tel.Sutter 441.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH » Storage & Moving Co.;
office* Tenth and Market; telephone South 166. ,
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN _
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN ft
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGE: modern; bay-window; 4 rooms;
Btylishly furnished; rent $17. Address C. E.,
box 2626. Call ofßce.
ELEGANT 8-room houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
M AROUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
NICE sunny dwelling; 441 Fifth St., near
Bryant ; 7 pood rooms; large yard; $20.
FURNISHED HOUSES T"O LET.
BIRCH aye., 5, off Larkin St., near Grove —
Four rooms and bath; nicely furnished.
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath; yard;
3524 Nineteenth St. Inquire UMBSENt &
CO.; rent $15.
TAYLOR, Slo— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:80 and
4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 8628 A —Sunny cottage S rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
$7— SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. Apply 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
$20— COTTAGE: 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. corTiutteTand
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
A SNAP— Lower flat 2160 Fifteenth St., near
Noe; modern 5 rooms, bath and basement;
eunny side; rent $16.
CHENEIIY, 92, near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 5
rooms and bath, $12; 4 rooms and bath, $10.
ELEGANT lower flat; Just completed; beauti-
fully tinted; newest improvements; 6 rooms;
three bay-windows. Shrader St., near Waller.
EIGHTH, 310%— 3 rooms, nice order; $9.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. 3435 Twentieth st.. between
Howard and Capp.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
POLK. 1710, near Clay — New bay-window
sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath, $25.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
$B_3 CLEAN unfurnished rooms; sanitary
plumbing; large yard. 727 Minna St., near Bth.
ZY s'inny lower flat 4 rooms, bath and
yard. S Shot well St., near Fourteenth.
A WEEK'S news for G cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS~FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
' AT 446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath; $10.
EDDY Sl7— Very pleasant, nicely furnished
housakpg rooms; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH 314 — 2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng. 'rooms; bath; stove; closet: private; $10.
FIFTH. 322— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping ; rent cheap.
1 1 42>V- Front room and kitchen newly
furnished for housekeeping; also others.
FULTON 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen: $12 month; private family.
FULTON, 121—2 fine sunny furnished front
rooms: range; large yard; rent__l2.
FELL 45&— 2 furnished front rooms; housekpg
or single; private family: bath; cheap.
GEA.RY 1917 — 4 comfortable rooms for adults;
gas and coal stoves; 2 beds; all necessaries;
$20.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730—2 pleasant furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $15.
HAVES, £62— Sunny bay-window front suite;
complete; housekpg; gas range; private fam.
LARKIN, 1112—2 rooms for housekeeping and 1
single; sunny; gas and bath; cheap.
MARK FT. 1025— 3 rooms furnished_,for house-
ki-t-iing, $10; call mornings 9, evenings 7.
MISSION, 923H— Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gas; bath.
NINTH. 21— Large bay-window room for house-
keeping; cooking stove; running water.
POLK v suite unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 932—3 sunny rooms; bath; wash
trayr; side entrance: rent $9; key upstairs.
SIXTH, 132— Sunny suite; nice 'furniture; run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
SUITE of two nice front sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping: 2 folding beds. 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to
match; furniture all new; $3 per week; suit-
able for 4or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store.
562 Mission st., between First and Second.
TKNTH, 136, cor. Minna— Sunny housekeeping
rooms: range; running water; also single; rea-
sonable.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3725. near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, 543— Large front rooms complete for
housekeepir gas and bath; $12 and $18.
VAN NESS aye., 400 — Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
WILLOW AYE, 30—2 furnished or unfurnished
alcove rooms; $i 2.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and wynt ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of. city, J6c; phone. Main 4*.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hyde, 609; Sutter. 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, eunny rooms, pretty view,
qulat house; baths, gas: very reasonable.
'■ BOHEMIA, 2X9 Post— New elegantly furnished
: rms.; gentlemen, families; elevator, transient.
DELAWARE, V.'l Market -Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 761— Large sunny front room, $8.
ELEVENTH, 124 A —Single, newly furnished
sunny front room, $5 per month.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for genta. $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 432— Nicely furnished front and back
single rooms, $6 and $8 a month; bath; gas.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkin— Sunny front room;
mantel; folding bed for two; $11.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 556, formerly 51S— Elegant sunny
suites; light housekpg: double & single rms.
GROVE, 42— Furnished rooms for housekeeping.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715. ST. "DAVID'S — 100 roonw:
suites; single: sunny reading room; 25c up.
LARKIN, 631— Pleasant front room; gas and
bath; $6 50; private family.
MASON, 18 Oliver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites.
$4 to $6: baths: hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON, 413, opp. Native Sons' Hall— Nicely
furnished sunny parlors; very reasonable.
NATOMA, 242— Furnished front room.
OAK. 118— Large double room; bath; gentlemen
preferred.
O'FARRISLL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture: elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms: bath and gas: rent reasonable.
O'FAHRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL. 327— Handsomely furnished front
room; also single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL, 619— Sunny room in private fam-
ily; rent $8.
O'FARRELL. 923, near Van Ness— A nice
sunny furnished room, $4.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny room for gentleman; upper
flat; private family; $8.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; gas; bath.
POWELL, 147, and 211 O' Farrell— Nice fur-
nlshed rooms by day, week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. i-s Eighth St..
n*ar Market: furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 211— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
I slnple or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 716— A lovely furnished parlor suite,
with piano; references.
i TENTH, 123, near Market— 2 large sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping If desired.
TAYLOR, 109—, -<r!e rooms $1 and $1 SO week;
hirire sunny room 12 week.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DO.. NELL, oll.ee and residence.
120 C Market; diseases of women a specialty.
ATTORNEYS AT LaW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
w. \v. DAVIDSON, 827 Market •(.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals: healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrius, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS. 518— Nicely 1 furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week. '.-: r v '•-.-'■ '
FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)-A • quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable. .
FOI.SOM. Swedish ' private boarding, wit-
. room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location. '-
HYDE, 1105 - (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board; n^ce location ; new management.
HYDE, 408— Double ; and single rooms; first-
class board ; Spanish; $36 a month up. .-■-■•. .
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds: select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
PINE, 743— Sunny single rooms; excellent board;
$20 per month. ■■: :. •.'■"*- ,
SOUTH PARK. Good table :.oard, $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. Evans.
THE Longworth, 532 Geary— Remodeled; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; • with board.
WANTED— By lady artist (teacher) furnished
room in exchange for painting lessons. Ad-
dress J. A., Call Branch Office, 106 Eleventh.
ELEVENTH. lOC— Branch . office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. .___
CHILDREN BOARDED. <
CHlL^R^N^boardedrsl6"toTl? a month. 2184
Essex st., Peralta P. P.. South Berkeley, Cal.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 284% Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
MISSION, 2946— Store, with rooms.
EDUCATIONAL. ;^
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, . business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since ISS2; catalogue.
AIRES' Business . College, 723 Market St.; .
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ELGLT9H, Latin, mathematics, literature, a
specialty.; hours 8 a. m. to 12 m., and even-
ings. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell St.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 8. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for clrculr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
- course in Tan's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room ' 672, 855 , Market st.
SHORTHAND: to write 100 words a minute:
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan b<3?.
MEDICAL. '
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
. 60 years' practice; safe and quick, cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc -babies adopted; travelers treated; no !
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con- j
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 69 McAllister i
St.: pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5. j
ALL of Dr. Foulet'e capsules are guaranteed i
absolve cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively^afe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects- taken In time it also acts as a pre- j
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free .by j
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all !
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A SURE cure when others fall for all female
troubles: every woman her own physician;
cured at once; never falls; can be sent and
used at home; safe treatment guaranteed;
travelers helped In a few hours; consulta-
tion free; if you want to be -*»-eated safe and
sure call on a physician with men's knowl-
edge. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny Bt.
DRS GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge; restores i
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low j
fees- cure, $5; pills, $1; I when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st. . <«. --.•..; ■
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used; j
home In confinement; pills and capsules, $1; j
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk et., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure .for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will ilnd in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal. :
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late. ]
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal. i
| ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 8-4, 7-8. 2208% Mission st.
DBS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom St., takes ladies
at her home in their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential. , ..
DR. HALL. 9 ' McAllister St.; diseases of
I women and children.
| LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz ; Infallible, safe rem-
j edies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
! HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BEEF CATTLE — — —
100 to 150 head for sale. Apply immediately
to G. W. CALL, Fort Ross, Sonoma County,
California. ' ■ . .
NEW centerboard fishing-boat 21 feet long, 6
feet wide, copper-fastened, oak ribs, clinker
built; has never been in water; wllXsell for
less than half cost. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission.
GASOLINE engine, 2% horsepower, $100. TAY-
. LOR, 690 Brush St., Oakland.
FOR Rabbits; some Belgian. 121 Eu-
reka st., near eighteenth.
SODA fountain, used one year, for less than
half: cost; good as new. 615 Larkin st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, baits and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. ;
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
-building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOHH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
BARS, back . bars, mirrors,, showcases, ' coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and- fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. • ■ ' v;
FOR Sale— up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands/ cheap. HUF-
.SCHMIPT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SArt3S— and second-hand; cheaper than
■' ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GR APHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per I do_, ;
- : . Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
. desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. , .
BARS, showcases, counters. : shelving, ■ ,*: etc.,'
. bought and sold. 1063 illusion, near Seventh.
" LOST. ~
$5 REWARD— Lost this ; morning on the 10:46
• Berkeley, train, ► a black lace scarf. Finder
will recei*^ the above reward -by returning
same to 23% Laaklo at.
LOST— ■ Market st. T a ; Knights of Pythias
: watch charm; liberal reward. . M. ; VOOR-
' i SANGER. " Occidental - Hotel. :■ ' : ,-■ : . -
LOST— fox terrier; - ? face and ' ears ' spotted
brown ; name Fritz. , Return to 1301 Gough
st. and receive reward. ■■'.-..•;.- ; ; ;:: * v ...... ,
LOST— buckle, black enamel. :■ Liberal re-
ward if returned ; to 601 Buchanan st. ;_-•■ -, ; .; :
LOST— Red ' and white i greyhound ]z bitch ; —
y : "ward.:: 2740 Folsom .. Bt^. :\'-- .: .: : : ; v \,
LOST— May 9, little ;Tokes hunt bitch; name,
... Hilda. '-.-. $10 ; reward j at ; 294 Natoma gfq-Ti-^
LOST, Strayed or Stolen— English pug, answers
* to ■ name ; . of ? Don ; ? general ly ■'.- when « in ' repose
keeps part ;of his tongue | out lof | side iof i his
mouth. , • Suitable reward will be paid and no
■\ questions "asked on his return to 1714 Van
-'■ Ness ; aye. *",■•■";:■>.•;•■"■..■'.'■"-' .- -■ "■ ' .'..'~-': : .<i
LOST— A* pass - book with the I'bernla f Savings
I and I Loan I Society - of ' San - Francisco, ' in « the
name of CATHERINE FARRELL, No. 215,165.'
[ ; The finder will please return to bank. .- .:■
PERSONALS.
THETheirs~o? CAPTAIN PAlj£r^~G3fAl_T~a
Gorman or Scandinavian, and those of JOHN
BASSARD. an Irishman, and those of
DAVID C. MARSHALL, an Englishman,
who was naturalized in San Francisco in the
sixties, will receive valuable Information on
addressing OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney for
absent heirs, 509 Kearny st., San Francisco.
WIDOWER would like to make the acquaint-
ance of an honorable elderly lady, German
preferred; no trtflers. a. R., box 11, Call
Office. Oakland.
BUSINESS IERSONAL9.
HARD brushing or too much washing Is bad
for the hair; I dress hair for 26c; good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays Trom 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FASHIONABLE tailors; suits to order; In-
stallments; $1 week; perfect fit guaranteed.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser and ventilator;
girls to learn. Appl- MME. DELLA FAUST'S
new store, 240 Stockton st., near Post.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 679 Geary st.
QUINONIA— A peerless hair tonic; use it. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
! at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MMb!~GOLPSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 91C Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with j
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. KAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2.
MME. HANSON- palmist; card-reader- naat.
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
ARRIVED— Prof. Bishop, walking medium;
tells your life from cradle to grave. 27H 4th.
i GYPPY life reader gives correct answers to all
questions; L.. 25c; 0., 50c; no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
! MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O1O 1 Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J. BERGEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed In your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choice of sex.
Hours 8 am. to 7 p.m. 611Stockton. $1 and up.
j MRS. FULTON TULEY, materializing seance
I to-night and Friday; sittings. 1513 Geary st. »
I AT 111 Larkin st. to-night; People's Spiritual
Society; good talent; free.
i ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing; Tuesday, 2
p, m. ; 50c. 421 Ellis bY
j MEDIUMS' Ass'n— Test meeting to-night; Mrs.
Robinson and Steers. 112H Oak St.; free.
ASTROLOGY— Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 911>4 Mission st.
. 1 |
! MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card I
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 679 Geary, j
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and j
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4. |
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium; i
sittings dally. 123H Sixth St., room 2.
i MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; dr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
252 Stockton St.; old No. 218.
I — — — — ■
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
diu— . 118 Halght mt.
PALMSTKY.
i MRBr~CHA3*DLER: readings Tues_ Thurs..
Sat. at hall, 305 Larkin St.; Mon., Wed., Fri.
residence. 3.*3 Geary St.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402V4 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
Bame aa if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good planes for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and !
Broadway, Oakland^
ABSOLUTELY the oldest r.nd lrrgest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
case 3 of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at
office $">; travelers helped Instantly; home
In confinement; consultation free. DR. and
MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
7>K >'■ VV WISE. 307 Jones st., formerly of
SOO Kearny. and late of Belvlew Hospital, N.
V. : fMseaaes of women; advice free; experi-
enced lady attendant.
CLARK. WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary ' st agents Conover, Kingsbury and j
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock; spe- j
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection Invited.
BECOND-H \NO pianos at all prices; terms !
* extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON 16 to 20 O' Farrell St., agents for the !
Chlcker'lng andjother pianos. ;
WE~have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain; ;
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a Cl-ickering for
$90- examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. 'w. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy Newby. Evans, i
Brictrs and other pianos; see onr rent plan;
no interest ftr»t__ear. 308. 310. 812 Post st.
A GREAT victory on land: "Crown" piano I
over the entire "single-tone" brigade. Call
on HOCKETT BROB. & CO.. 230 Post at.
"AD" smaJlesTTprice lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. __gj yE - 136 Enia "*•
$160^BECHSTEIN baby grand; guaranteed;
for sale; $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
$75— A *plendld piano: good tone; $5 down; $3
per month. 225J3utter st.
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
A STEINWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNG' S New Store, 216 McAllister st.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
st.. flat No. 1-
A GOOD upright, very cheap. IB McAllister
St., next Hlbemla Bank. SOHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNAHE pianos; new scale; .ew styles.
KOHLER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, xi there, old r.nd new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
BRANCHToffIee of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want adg and subscriptions taken.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; sea new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, « Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth per set, $5 up; gold filling, 76c up: sil-
ver, 25c Up: old plates made over. $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market «L, nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting whan plates are
made' old plates made over like new; teeth
from '$8 per get; extracting 60c; gas given.
DrT^JEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 8 to M O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless find guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
L. A.~TEAGUEI, A. CANE~ajTd F. TEAGUEU
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-807.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. T dr. j.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Folk fit.
PROPOSALS. / . •
PROPOSALS^For Burial of Indigent Dead—
- Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and county of San Fran-
cisco, May 10, 1898. ■ ; , XT " 1114
In accordance with Resolution No. -^lii*
(Fourth Series) of ' the Board Of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in j open
session of the Board of Supervisors on MUN-
DAY AFTERNOON, May . 16, 189 S. from 5.30
to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the Indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the charge
of the City and County of San Francisco, in-
cluding the City and County Smallpox Hos-
pital, for the term of one year, beginning July
1, 1898. and ending June 80, 1899, in such ceme-
tery or cemeteries in this or . other counties
wherein burials may be allowed. •."■--' -•..-^.■ : -
; NOTICE— The coffins to be made of throe-
quarter-inch surface redwood clear lumber, to
be lined with muslin and pillowed inside and to
be , shellacked and varnished outside, j and the
tops to be fastened down with not less than six
screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin shall
be lined with No. 10 zinc instead of with mus-
lin, and hermetically sealed, and all coffins
used . must be subject to the inspection and
approval of the officer in • charge of the Insti-
tution from which the body of the decedent is
to be buried, and must in all cases be taken
to such institution for the purpose of having
the deceased placed therein.
. No bid will be considered from any party who
has not been engaged in the undertaking busi-
ness In this city and county and conducted said
business in a reputable manner for a period of
at least six months Immediately preceding the
date hereof. "• ■ • ; : • . ■ .">
The grave to be excavated to a depth of at
least six feet.
No body to be removed from the . institution
where it lies awaiting. burial within a period of
twenty-four hours after death, except by ex-
press order of the superintendent or officer In
charge of eaid institution. . :-'.'.
The contractor will be required in all cases
on the death of the indigent^person from In-
fectious disease to Inter the . body of said de-
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the superintendent or officer in
charge of the institution where, the death may
have occurred, and in all other cases within
thirty-six hours after notification by ' the pro-
per officer. ■■• ;
The contractor will further be required • to
convey the bodies of . decedents committed to
his charge for interment direct from the in-
stitution from which he receives the same to
the cemetery, and then and there bury the
same. And will not be permitted upon any
consideration to convey such bodies to any in-
termediate resting place, or to keep the same
in his custody for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery. .'
Should the friends of any decedent apply at
the institution where such decedent may. be
lying awaiting burial, for —emission to bury
the same, and prove to the superintendent or
officer in charge of said institution that their
purpose Is to provide a decent burial, and that
they have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dissection,
then and in that case the body <•■• - said de-
ceased shall be delivered to said friends, who
shall take charge thereof and make the neces-
sary arrangements for the funeral with any
undertaker they may think, fit; but in such
event the contractor aforesaid shall have no
claim against the city for the burial of said
decedent.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded shall be required, in all cases, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the. cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a certifi-
cate of the proper burial of each person under
the provisions of his contract and ;of these
specifications; and such certificate must, in all
cases, be attached to the demand of said con-
tractor when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the names
of the decedents and the institutions from
which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions, the contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the.time of the
execution of said contract, to ray the cost of
advertising this notice (and a former notice) in
three daily newspapers, amounting In all to
six hundred and fifty-five dollars and eighty-
two cents (J655 82). ' .
All interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the city and
county (other than those from any of the public
institutions) must be authorized by the health
officer issuing a permit therefor, and all bills
for such interments to be approved ■by the
health officer prior to being presented to this
board. All demands for the burial of indigent
persons from any of the public Institutions to
be approved by the superintendent of the insti-
tution at which the death occurs, prior to being
presented to this board. ,
Bidders will estimate and state a specific
amount for each interment, i
In order to preserve the uniformity • and :to
facilitate the award, the board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the j sum of five hundred ($500) , dol-
lars, in favor of and made payable to the clerk
of the Board of Supervisors, -must be deposited
by the bidder, conditioned that if the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded; and if
the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges, execute the contract and '. give a
bond of five thousand ($5000) • dollars, - required
within six days after the award is made, then,
and iln that case, the said . sum shall be col-
lected and paid Into the city and county treas-
ury by said clerk, as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect. - ■ " >/■•..!
Blanks . furnished by the clerk. :
The board reserves the right to reject all bids
If the public good so require. . ■ :
• JNO. A. RUSSELL. ClerK.,
PROPOSALS for drayage— -General depot of the
Quartermaster's Department, San Francisco,
Cal., May 11. 1898. Sealed proposals for the
hauling of Military Stores and Supplies in
and about the City of San Francisco, Cal.,
for the fiscal year commencing July 1, - 1898,
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a. m. on Saturday, the 11th day of ( June,
1898, and then opened. The Government re-
serves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. All necessary information will be fur-
nished on application to this office. OSCAR
F. LONG, Assistant' Quartermaster. U. S.
A., In charge depot. . -.-• %
PROPOSALS for • military supplies— 36 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal., May 6,
1898. Sealed proposals, in . triplicate, will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m.. May 17,
1898,- and then opened, for furnishing this
depot for supply of Stationery. Ash Barrels,
Stove Furniture, Carpet, Office Chairs, Clocks,
Buzzacott Ovens, Pack-saddle Blankets, Sad-
dlery. Hardware.' Packing Boxes, Pipe Fit-
tings, Lamp Chimneys, Axle Grease, ■ Oils,
Leather, - Horse and Mule Shoes and Nails,
Rope, Soap, Zinc and other miscellaneous stores.
Preference : will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality- being equal i (In-
cluding In the price of foreign productions
and manufactures the duty thereon), and
such preference given to articles of American
production end manufacture produced on the
3 Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service 1 , there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals ;or any
part thereof. Proposals ' for delivery at
v other points will be entertained. Delivery to
commence before July Ist next. Information
furnished on application. Envelopes will be
endorsed "Proposals for Supplies. ■ No. 1177,"
and addressed OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant
: Quartermaster, U. S. Army, ;in charge . of
Depot. -. ••'-'. -..■■•-•
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Of flco
Chief Commissary, San Francisco. Cal., April
/; 12 189 S. ■ ■■.-. ' ■ .-■ ■'•■■•■'. .-■ " •-•■'. -•■;•
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, . will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, :: Aneel Island, ; Benicia v Bar-
racks Fort ' Mason, Presidio of San Francisco,
and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock
a m , May 12, 1898, 1 and then opened, ( for ■ fur-
nishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton in bulk
required at those posts by the Subsistence : De-
partment, United States Army, during period
commencing July 1, and ending December 31,
1898. - Fresh beef shall be good in ; quality and
condition fit for Immediate use, and from fore
and hind-quarter . meats proportionally, ■■ Includ-
ing all the best . cuts thereof. Fresh ; mutton
shall be 'of good, fat and marketable quality,
from wethers • over . one and under three years
old. Beef and mutton to be; dressed -; and
trimmed and delivered as prescribed In circular
of instructions. Proposals will be also received
stating price at which bidder will deliver fresh
beef or mutton of character above stated, and
to be delivered of temperature not greater than
50 ' ■ degrees Fahrenheit. Government : reserves
right to reject in whole or in part any or all
bids Instructions furnished on application to
Post Commissaries or CHARLES P. - EAGAN,
Colonel. Chief Commissary. > '-.>
OFFICE C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
April 14, IS9B.— Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock, a. m..
May 14, 1898, and then opened for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver : Barracks, Wash.,
Portland. Or.. ; San Francisco, Cal., or else-
1 - where, - stationery required In Department of
• the Columbia. ; Information furnished on ap-
plication. U. ! S. ; reserves right to reject or
- accept ■ any >or . all proposals, or any part
; thereof. Preference given' to articles of : do-
' mestic production ■or ■ manufacture, condi-
tions of ■ quality and price (including in
■ the price of ;• articles of foreign produc-
■ tion >or manufacture the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference ■ given
- to - articles -of American -, production i? or
manufacture produced on '. the Pacific ; Coast
.'to the extent of the consumption required by
■■ '■ the public i service there. - Envelopes contain-
I ng proposals should be ; marked: ■■•* "Proposals
i for -■•- Stationery," and addressed J. . W.
, ; ; JACOBS. Q. M. ••/'-'■■■■. '':-..; --•■;.■•-.••.,/-■■ .:V f
j CARI'iaTTcLEAXIXd.: ;
CITY Steam: Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, i lays carpets'. * C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
:. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN ; you '■ become disgusted • with ' poor l work
• send to SPAULDING'S ?; Pioneer - Carpet-
.•". Beating Works, 353-57 Tehsma ; st. ;; tel. 8. j 40.
J. '■> MCQUEEN'S ' Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
■i* Stevenson st., , tel: S ' 228 ; i lowest ■ rates. :
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per, yard: relald at 3c.
£ STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. ; >
GREAT : ' ; Eastern ? '■ ' Steam '- ■ Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth st. :; B. GRANT, tef. Jessie 201.
J~E~ MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co. 240 14th
r-: St. ;j cleaning 3c a : yard ; , tel. ' Mission ; ti. \-;■\ -;■ /,r;
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, - renovat-
ing, , alteration wits, ; 4l3 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning CO., ; 401 Sutter. st. ; '
.:: tel. Main 394. QBO. WAI/COM. Proprietor. '■;,-;
CONKLIN' B : Carpet-Beating Works,? 333 Golden
*-ji Gate aye. ; ; tel. East 120/:: .: -' -v ■ : -'Vj.v'.^'-';.',^
A WEEK'S a news 5 for ■ 5 h cents— The " Weekly I
- Call, In wrapper, for malUnc. . v ■-
CITY REAL: ESTATE. . , '
WE are going to fight; $900 house and lot; only
50 feet off Hyde st. D. STERNSEHER ■&
CO., successor^ to Cadenasso & Co., 512 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco. '■
WILL be sold at prices to suit the times: brand
new up-to-date Park homes; progressive, fine-
; ■ ly improved locality; north side Frederick St.,
near Stanyan: Ellls-st. cars will run to Fred-
erick and Stanyan sts. in 30 days. J. STIER-
..: LEN, owner and builder, on premises.
8 NEW modern 2-story houses: grand unob-
- structible marine view; 8 and 8 rooms; lots
27:6x110; $3600 and $3SCO; cash or installments.
Leavenworth st., near Lombard. ■
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements; - terms to suit: lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison r st., bet.
21st and 22d. - : •_ f} •:■.:■
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address .In the United
■ States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
' free. .-. ■; -. ■■:'-. :■■ , ■."■■"■-■■
COUNTRY: REAL ESTATE.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre,
rM. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cat
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
■ Call. In wrapper, for mailing. : ■■ .'
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR. I
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS. .
GLOBE House*' 821 Howard— night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist THE LORNE. 661 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
— Lot 60x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
echoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 85x140: rood house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 60x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near • Chestnut station.
$2850— cash: $25 per month: lot 40x150: only
2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$3750— house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location: : very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapin st. '■
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the Unit»<i
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
fr». ■■■■-■ _____«_____^___^_
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FURNISHED house. 9 rooms; bath; piano;
June and July. 2241 Clinton aye.. or J. S.
HOPKINS. 204 Pine St., San Francisco.
WEBER. 1378. near Encinal station— Sunny
modern ' 7-room house, furnished or unf
nlshed: marine view.
BERKELEY..: REAL ESTATE.
$4000— A thorough bargain— house, new,
lot 60x160; street work all done; cement side-
walk; fine view; easy terms. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire i 2.'8 Fourth, corner Folsom.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017, to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
: tel. South 14. ■ "■ " - . ■ "
ANY amount at 6% per. cent on real estate; 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without - removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
$5 UP to " any amount on ■ Indorsed paper,
pianos, - furniture or Jewelry: • all business
"strictly confidential: private offices. ' M. E.
' DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny. St., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204. ■-.; ■
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLL . 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, -furniture or pianos, any amount:
• lowest rates; Becker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
s bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st. . : .
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. . Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— until 9: JO
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and .want ads taken. .
FINANCIAL.
i LOANS :en real estate, bonds, *to.: lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st. -
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
. , HORSES.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
40 HORCHS for sale; also i wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every . Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSE and wagon for sale. 2152 Mission St..
near Eighteenth. •
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS,
GOLDEN GATE AVB. AND POLK ST.,
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
" Town ■ or Country.
Newest Designs in Form, Color or Trim. ,
■ > Best Business . Buggies on Earth. "
Good Second-hand j Broughams, Landaus, Carts
and Buggies. Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains, new - and second-hand carriages-
Coupe. $50; surrey. $85; village cart. $40; sulky
cart. $35; top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
milk and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash. - _
Bull's Head Repository, 15th and Valencia sts.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aVe.
.-, and Polk st. ■■-.'-'■.■ ",".':■ ■-■■ '" : .-'- -.-•'•■^-•. -■'■•'••'■-■
SrECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
PINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; V fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
PASTURAGE. 1; -j - " ;'■
WANTED— About '75 ; head . of - cattle on ! shares;
. fine green' feed. : Address K. L. KEVINS, ; 723
Market St.. room 7. San Francisco, or 518
Seventeenth st., Oakland.- . ' ■• ?
' v SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, "repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 45.
"ALL • kinds '. bought, sold, exchanged, ■ rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ?.■-;-;•/■
OS LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. ' Bub-
i*-' acriptlons * and , want - ads taken.. ■.:•
LATE SHIPPING i INTELLIGENCE \
i TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
i - NEW YORK— Sailed May *•' 10— Stmr ■■: Tauric,
for Liverpool ; .«tmr Kaiser, Wllhelmder Grosse,
for Bremen ;■• Btmr : Servla, for ! Liverpool ', stmr
Peninsular, ■ (or Lisbon.- -. , ■■
, LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 10— Stmr Canada,
from " Boston." • : ■■ "-' • v ■ ■
- GLASGOW— Arrived May 10— Stmr Hestia, fm
Baltimore. ■ :■ • '
.ANTWERP— Arrived May 6tmr Western-
land, from New York. -.■•-.-■ :. .:■• ■:.;.
3 LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 10— Stmr Nomadic,
for New York. V ? • - .-..'---■■■;•-■ -■■ ■
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. :
.: Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall -: will ."■ not * be . Inserted.- - They • must :be
; handed in at ; either ■ of. the j publication - offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BROWN— In this city. May 9, 1893, to the wife
•-"? of E. I. Brown;' a. son.': •...-"• • . , - .:;; „• ~.\l .
CHICHIZOLA— In this city. '■ May 7. 1893, to the
V;. wife iof Thomas J. Chlchizola, a son. •. ;." ,
| FILBEN— To ,the r wife of Frank 'Fllben, a son.
| HAREN— In i this city, April 24,7 18S8, to the
L wife S. Hstren, a son. ' ':V ."?'*
JOHNSON— In this city. May 9, 1898, to the
wife of James E. Johnson, a son,
STERN— In this city, April 29, 1898. to the wife
■ ' of N. Stern, a daughter. ___^JLii
- MARRIED.
i- GUT— WEHRLI— In this city, May 8, 1898, by
the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Karl Gut and Ellsa
~ Wehrll. : -
KAETING— this city, May 10, 1898,
by the : Rev. J. Fuendellng, John F. Kaeting
and Martha Giesel.
SCHWERDT— In " this city. May 6.
1898. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, , Phlllpp
Schwerdt and Annie M. E. Wendel. .
DIED.
Aicher. Katie A. " ' Kroeger. William O.
Campbell. Robert P. Lee. Edward
Cunningham, F. P. Lubeck. Tessle
'; Dolliver. Sheldon E. • Lyster-Hubbard, E.
Dunkfcll, Augusta Mogan, Anthony A.
. Easton, James ■. Oakley, Lizzie
Edgecomb, Mary A. Perry. Frank P.
Guptill, Edwin A. Rielly, Edward J.
Hager Jr., Carl A. Shearer, Marguerite .
Hanley. Frank R. . Tookey, Mendel
Howell, Margaret Vahey, Thomas A.
Johnston, William H. Walsh, Mary E.
AICHER— In this city. May 8, 1898, Katie A.,
beloved daughter of Katharina and the late .
Franz Alcher, and sister of Olga. Frank and
Gustav A. Aicher, a native of San Fran-
cisco. •- ' : ■'.-•■■,•■ r■ .. ■-"■■.. _■ • . -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 . o'clock, from her late
residence. 1618 Stockton street, between Union
and Filbert. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. 0 -
CAMPBELL— Manila, on board the Balti-
more,. Robert P., son of Alexander Campbell
of Fruitvale. Alameda : County, Cal.
CUNNINGHAM— In ; this city. May 10, 1898,
Frederick P.. - beloved son of George and
Julia Cunningham. - and brother of ; George
Cunningham, a native of San Francisco, aged
11 months and 2 days.
DOLLIVER— In this city, May 10, 1898* Shel-
don Earle, beloved son of Frank aML Julia
Dolliver, a native of San FranctagH aged
1 year and 8 months. - . • ,
Friends and acquaintances ars^Bspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Hb day
> (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from tj« resi-
dence of the parents, 77 Norfolk street, off
Folscm, between Eleventh and Twelfth. In-
. terment Holy Cross ; Cemetery. " ..;
DUNKELL— In Stockton. May 10, 1898. Au-
gusta Dunkell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years.
" E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
" (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment New . Salem Cemetery. •
EASTON— In' Oakland. May 10, IS9B, James
Easton, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland,
aged 81 years 7 months and 11 days. r
EDGECOMB— In this city. May 10, 1898, Mary
Agnew, beloved wife of B. W. Edgecomb, be-
loved mother of Daniel, . Sadie. Cherry, Laura
and Thomas B. Edgecomb, and beloved sister
of Nellie Agnew, a native of New York, aged
36 : years 6 months and '10 ; days. ' (Oakland,
j Cal., papers please copy.) ;
" EyFrleride and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 454 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services will be held
. for the repose of .• her soul, commencing •at
10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland, 'by 11 o'clock creek boat.
GUPTILL— In this city. May 10. : 1898, Edwin
A., beloved husband of Agnes Guptill, and
father of Paul W. Guptill and Mrs. Ernest
Lea, a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged ! 59
years 2 months and 23 days. , . •=.
U^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAGER— Santa Clara County, Cal., May
10, 1898, Carl A. Hager Jr., a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years and 5 months. ,
HANLEY— this I city. May 10, 1898. Frank
Roland, dearly beloved infant son of George
W. and Rose Hanley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months and 11 days. . ■• .
HOWELL— In this city, May 9, 1898, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Alfred Howell. and
\ mother of James I. and W. F. Howell. Mrs.
Annie Sadler and Mrs. Lillie Stohr, a na-
tive of Wales, England, aged 71 years.
V'lET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, James I. Howell, 823 Valen-
c ia street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. •'
JOHNSTON— In Oakland, May 9, 1898, Wil-
liam Henry, beloved husband of Katherina
Johnston, and father of William. Mac and
Maude Johnston, a native of ■ Philadelphia,
aged 55 years 2 months and 4 days.
(EX The funeral' services will be held
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, 'at his
late residence, 541 Twenty-third street, Oak-
land. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.  -- ■-...■'
KROEGER —In this city. May 7. 1898, Wil-
liam G., dearly beloved husband of Herminle
Kroeger, and father of Fred E. Kroeger, a
native of Germany, 58 years 6 months
8 and 18 days. A member of the Mission Turn •
='"' Verein. ( ' ■ ■ ■-. ''■'".:■ :
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this < day
' (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his -late
residence, 2522 Bush street, between Baker
and Lyon. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEE— In this city, May 10, 1898, Edward Lee,
a native of Ireland, aged 29 years.
53>-Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
LUBECK— Sacramento, May 9. 1898. Tessie.
• beloved daughter of Lachman and Esther Lu-
beck, a native of San Franicseo, aged 14
years and 16 days.
C^The funeral will take place from her
aunt's residence, 671 Hayes street. Interment
private. .
LYSTER-HUBBARD —In New York City,
April 30, 1398. Emma Lyster, wife of John
• Russell Hubbard. and: beloved niece of Mrs.
" A. Stockmeyer of San Francisco, a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years 2 months and 5
days. "
MOGAN— this . city. May 10, 1898. at his
residence, 2051 Fifteenth street, Anthony A.,
beloved son of Joseph R. and Sarah Mogan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), from . Mission Dolores Church,
I where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme- -
" tery. private. Please omit, flowers.
OAKLEY— In this city. May 9, 1398, Lizzie,
beloved wife of Al Oakley, daughter of Mrs.
George Fischer, sister of Mrs. Louis Hintze
of Fruitvale and Mrs. Louis Aaron, and
daughter of the late Henry Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years 4 .months
and 24 days. (San Bernardino napers please
copy.) >. ; .
E?"Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' I (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of - her mother, Mrs. George Fischer,
2120 Jones street, between Filbert and Green-
wich. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ,: .
PERRY— In this city. May 10. 1898, Frank P.,
• beloved husband of Annie Perry, loving
father of Edward. Lizzie and Mary Perry,
and beloved brother of John, James, Ed-
ward* and Patrick Perry, Mrs. Faulkner and
Mrs. Roberts, a native of County Clare, Ire- ,
land. (Boston papers please copy.) ,
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
: residence. 120% Noe street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a solemn requiem
mass, will be celebrated for the repose, of
his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIELLY— In tats city, May 10, 1898. Edward
i James, beloved son of James and Johanna
Rielly, : a native of San Francisco, " aged 1
year 9 months, 6 days. - - :
* Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
a (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1025 York street. Interment
. Mount. Calvary Cemetery. ..
SHEARER— ■ this city, i May 10, 1898, Mar-
guerite Seely,' only child of George E. and
■ Nelly Y. Shearer,, and granddaughter of the
late Jones Seely, a native of Ban Franicsco,
' aged 21 days.
TOOKEY— this city, May 10, 1898, Mendel
Tookey, a native of Holland, aged 78 years.
VAHEY— In Los "Angeles, May 8, 1398, Thomas
1 A dearly beloved son of Patrick and Han-
nah Vahey, and brother of John F.. Patrick
H Martin. Willie > and - the - late ■ Michael
Vahey, *a ■ native of San Francisco, aued 19 :
years 4 months and 14 days. :: : .
' <rj" Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 * o'clock, from the un- ,
dertaking parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co., '
1524 Stockton street, thence *to St. Francis
- Church,' where a solemn ■ requiem I mass will
Ibe held for the repose of his- soul, comment .
Ling at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvar<
WALSH— this city. May 10. 1898. Mary E. . -
Walsh, beloved niece of Mrs. G. J. Carter, a
• native of Ireland, a .-;.-•■ v'■ ■;
■.-;,; {ryFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
" (Thursday), from her. late residence, 6 Rus-
\ sell street, thence to St.' Bridget's ; Church,
where a mass will be held for the repose of
her soul, commencing at ' 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross i Cemetery.
ST DOMINIC S CHURCH BUILDING T ASSO-
■ elation— Th? regular monthly < requiem high
■ mass for the deceased members *of the above
association, and for , the deceased parents
• ■ and ■ relatives of the members, \ will . be cele- -.-.
brated in St. 4 Dominic's. Church, - Bush' ana v-
Steiner streets, r to-morrow , (Thursday), at 9 _
o'clock. : Friends are Invited . to ■; attend. ,:.-., ,'?,'■/.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. : j"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 raTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln Sfl^o»LV:B
Telephone, South 80. ' | .
1,-.. ■-< H. b. m'avov. Manaper. .:-:--• j.. :.<.(-.'"
nf\cf\\fO'Y &. CO., r I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, I "
.'.;■■ ■ 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. ■
■V '-'- ■'■'. r.:\>--:: Telephone. South 247. ■---- "- - :■:: ■: | :
• Estab. 1858. ' . - "v! Tel.; South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmeps, -' ;
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the us* .
f>t our patrons. Rubber Urea on our ambulance.
1112
WILL QUIT
AS BELCHER
H AS ASKED
The Grand Jurors Had
Many Lively Inter
necine Wars.
Could Not Agree on the
Indictment of Many
Accused Persons.
Some Roundly Denounced by
Others as a Band of Use
less Inquisitors.
NEW JURY TO BE CALLED.
Judfl«s Hope That the Next Body Will
Proceed to Business With
out Delay.
Foreman Gerberdlng has decided
that he will not accept Judge Belcher's
suggestion that the Grand Jury meet
between now and Thursday, and indict
such persons as it had on the list.
In spite of Judge Belcher's caustic
criticism of the jury for its failure to
indict men high in power there are
many members of the jury who refuse
to resent the aspersions of the wearer
of the ermine.
A number of jurors refused to dis
cuss Grand Jury matters yesterday,
and most of them were glad Judge
Belcher notified them to come into
court and be discharged.
The language which some of the
prominent Grand Jurors are reported to
have used concerning others of
the same august body is decidedly unfit
for publication. From the outset of
the jury's investigations it became ap
parent, so some of the members say,
that there would be frequent disagree
ments in matters that concerned prom
inent offenders in the School Board and
the Harbor Commission. In spite of
that fact the jury succeeded on Mon
day night in getting an admission
from a prominent man that he had no
account of the lumber sold to the
School Department. Some of the ju
rors say they would have succeeded in
getting out a true bill had they been
allowed to proceed, but when the
Judge's summary order came to them
Monday night they resolved to adjourn
without delay and give up the work in
disgust. Their original programme will
not be varied.
Another interesting feature of the
deliberations of the indicting body that
did not indict is the fact that they es
tablished a sort of trial court early
in their proceedings. Whenever a man
was charged with some grave offense
they not only heard all that was to be
said against him, but they extended to
him the benign influence and protec
tion of the doctrine that gives every
body a hearing. This resulted in parti
sanship in the jury room, for all cases
have some phase that will win friends
in a panel of jurors.
It is Judge Belcher's intention to call
another Grand Jury at an early date,
and it is the general hope of the public
that the new jury will be able to agree
on several important matters now be
fore the attention of the authorities.
USED CUPID AS
A HANDY BAIT
Matrimonial Agent Fecker
Must Answer a Crimi
nal Charge.
Joseph Neuman Think* He Was
Bunkoed Into Buying a Bad
Business.
The Interesting suit wherein Joseph
Neuman charges C. Fecker with obtaining
money by a bunko scheme will be heard
by Judge Low to-day. It is a suit that
will throw some light on the way mar
riage bureaus are conducted in this city
by some of those who serve Cupid in the
capacity of agents.
Fecker sold Neuraan a half Interest in
his business for $200. He represented, so
Neuman says, that he was making a
great deal of money out of psychology
and matrimony. Neuman was caught
by a drag-net business card, which con
tained the following conglomerate an
nouncements:
C. Pecker, principal of the California In
stitute of Psychology; also professor of the
Principles and Practice of Human Magnetism,
Hypnotism and Suggestive Therapeutics. Lec
turer at the .California Psychic Club. Editor
of the California Hypnotic Journal. Eleven
yearn active practice In San Francisco. Office
hours from 10 to 12 a. m. ; S to 5 p. m., and 7
to 8 p. m. Instructions private or In classes.
Free clinic for the needy from 10 to 11 a. m.
dally. Real estate and general business brok
ers. Patents of all kinds handled and put on
the market. Businesses of all kinds sold and
exchanged. Insurance solicited. Lodging
houses a specialty. T-ioans negotiated. Our
motto— square dealings. Partners and mort
gagee secured. Correspondence In English. Ger
man and Scandinavian languages. All pur
chasers are held responsible :or our commis
sion If money !s not paid through this office.
Neuman says that he was soon dis
gusted by the small returns and by the
fact that Fecker wanted his wife to act
ror the bureau. He asked her to meet
men who advertised for wives and pre
tend that she was anxious to get mar
ried. Hp will claim that the business was
a bunuko affair and that he swallowed a
bait in the form of a half-interest
swindle.
"SPUDS" FOR THE BALDWIN.
Mrs. Klahoney Tells How the Million-
aire Came to Borrow Money
From Her.
Justice of the Peace Carroll yesterday
hc-ard testimony in the suit brought by
the widow of the late Senator Mahoney
to recover $65 from E. J. Baldwin. Mrs.
Mahoney testified that In 1895 F. B. Dex
ter. Baldwin's brother-in-law, borrowed
$100 from Mahoney and $20 from her to
pay a vegetable bill for the Baldwin Ho
tel". Baldwin had since repaid $56, but all
her efforts to collect the balance were
fruitless. Dexter testified that he bor
rowed the money on his own account and
not for the hotel.
Baldwin swore the money was not for
hotel purposes, but that he had agreed
to pay $60. Of this he had paid $55 and
still owed $5, which he was willing to pay.
The attorneys will submit briefs, each be
ing allowed five days to do so.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
The Rev. Father Yorke will lecture at
St. Teresa's Church at 7:30 o'clock on
Sunday evening. May 15. The subject
■will be "Catholic and Protestant Coun
tries Compared." The proceeds will be
devoted to liquidating the expense of
frescoing the church of St. Teresa, .
TOTAL LOSS
OF STEAMER
AMARAPOORA
Went Ashore on the
Shan Tung Penin
sula in a Gale.
End of the Most Unfortu
nate Vessel Ever on
This Coast
Had Been in Trouble in Every
Port From Panama to
Vancouver.
IN YOKOHAMA IN DISTRESS.
After Having Been Repaired She
Sailed to Her Doom on
China's Coast
The British tramp steamer Amara
poora, which was in such a peck of
trouble when she was on this coast, has
THE UNFORTUNATE AMARAPOORA.
She was the most unlucky tramp that ever came to this coast. Hard
luck followed her from Panama to Puget Sound, and when she was not
libeled in the courts she was in trouble with the customs authorities.
After being In the repair shop at Yokohama for six months she sailed for
China only to become a total wreck in the Shan Tung Peninsula.
been wrecked on the Shan Tung Penin
sula, China, and will be a total loss.
The fate of her crew is as yet unknown.
The news came- in a cable to the Mer
chants' Exchange yesterday, and was
the one topic amongr shipping men on
the water front.
The Amarapoora came to this coast
about two years ago, and from the time
she dropped anchor in San Francisco
Bay up to her wreck she was almost
constantly in trouble. There is hardly
a port from Panama to Vancouver but
what she has been libeled in. In San
Jose de Guatemala Captain Cameron
was in trouble over his cargo of coal.
In Mexico he was at outs with the cus
tom house authorities, and his vessel
was seized on two occasions in this
port, the crew libeling her for their
wages. In Tacoma and Seattle she was
held for weeks at a time on different
occasions because the money was not
forthcoming with which to pay the
merchants who fitted her out. In Octo-
her last the Amarapoora left San Fran
cisco, after satisfying a Judgment In
the United States District Court, and
went to Puget Sound to load lumber for
Tientsin, China. She was ; In trouble !
there again on < account of money due 1
the crew, but finally got away, and on
November 20 put ' into Yokohama in j
distress. That was the beginnings of
the end. Things went from bad to
worse, and on 1 January 19 last the sur
veyors refused to give, her a certificate
of seaworthiness. Finally her cargo of
lumber, was • discharged and another
survey was held, which resulted inner
boilers being ordered ? overhauled and
considerable work being done on the
hull. While the repairs 1 1 were g being
made the men in the engineers' de
partment were constantly fighting
among themselves, and I the result was
several cases in the British ■ Admiralty
Court in.Yokohama. ,
When the '■ Peking sailed . from Yoko
hama on April IB last the Amarapoora
was still In that port, but she was ! ex
pected to get away. in a short time. The
surveyors must therefore have; given
her a certificate of : seaworthiness, ( and
she must have made another start for
Tientsin. 1 The chances * are : that * she
must have; been caught in a typhoon in
the Yellow Sea and driven on the rocky
shore of Shan .Tung. The Amarapoora
was built in 1874 at Greenock, England,
and was owned by J. W. Adamson. She
was lj 1619  tons « net ) burden, i 350 % feet % 2
Inches long, " 36 feet ! 3 i inches : beam I and
27 feet ; deep. She ! : had been \an * unfor
tunate ; ship ; from v , the < start ; and ; has
ended her career Just about in the man
ner that every shipping man in ; ; this
city predicted she t would. ;■?
•■■, The ; steamer purchased by ~. Admiral
Dewey in Hongkong ';■. to act ~as| a " ten
der ' to '■■. his ; fleet i was f the " Hongkong-
Bangkok -" liner Nashan. T She had \ 3OOO
tons of i coal ■fthnft.rtL ; Ihe r- n ''/.'.Vi!-"-°
THE SAltf FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1898.
price paid by Uncle Sam was $160,000.
She is 1344 tons net burden, 285 feet
long, 39 feet 1 inch broad, 22 feet 8
inches deep and was built in England
in 1896. Upon receipt of telegraphic
instructions she followed the fleet to
Manila and after discharging her coal
would probably return to Hongkong
for further supplies. The name of the
second vessel purchased by Admiral
Dewey as a storeship was not brought
over by the Peking.
The gold hunters who came from the
East on the schooner Lev! Woodbury
received a letter from Boston yester
day which gave some of them a scare.
It contained news to the effect that the
schooner Julia E. Whalen, which left
Boston 145 days ago with another party
of fortune seekers, had been captured
by a Spanish cruiser. When they came
to think it over, however, the men re
membered that the Whalen, Concord
and Woodbury had passed out of the
Straits of Magellan in company, and
as there have been no Spanish cruisers
heard of in the Pacific since Dewey
captured the Manila fleet they came to
the conclusion that the story was with
out foundation. The chances are that
both the Whalen and Concord have
been delayed by strong headwinds
which have prevailed along the coast
for some weeks past.
The steamer Gaelic sailed for Hong
kong via Honolulu and Yokohama yes
terday. She took away an unusually
large cargo and a considerable quan
tity of treasure which the Chinese mer
chants here were afraid to ship in an
American bottom on account of the
war.
Boys broke into the Tiburon ferry
depot last Monday night and raided the
fruit stand. They broke a pane of
glass and passed the smallest of their
number through. When he got inside
he passed out nearly all of the cigars,
cigarettes, chewing gum and candy In
the place and made his escape. Ser
geant Tom Mahoney is on the trail of
the culprits and expects to make some
arrests to-day.
The most impatient man on the water
front yesterday was Captain White
side of the bark Northern Light. He
fully expected to get away for Kotze-
bue Sound early In the morning, but
there was such a continuous rush of
freight throughout the day that he had
to postpone sailing until this morning.
POLICEMAN MURPHY
IN DEEP DISGRACE
When Caught in a Saloon He
Threatened to Assault
Sergeant Brophy.
Lieutenant Hanna Allowed Him to
Patrol His Beat, Knowing He
Was Intoxicated.
Policeman Joseph F. Murphy of the
southern station will have to answer
to a charge of drunkenness at the next
meeting of the Police Commissioners.
Several nights ago Sergeant Brophy met
Murphy and concluding that he was un
der the influence of liquor he requested
him to accompany him to the Southern
station. Lieutenant Hanna was in charge,
and notwithstanding, it is claimed, that
he at once detected that Murphy had
been drinking, he sent him back to his
beat with the admonition not to "touch
another drop."
A short time afterward Sergeant Bro
phy discovered Murphy in a saloon on
Brannan street. He was under the in
fluence of liquor, and when Brophy called
him to account Murphy became belliger
ently indignant and defied his superior
officer to prefer charges against him. As
Murphy was in an ugly mood and rather
than cause a scene Brophy again visited
the Southern station and reported the
facts to Lieutenant Hanna. As the lat
ter showed a disposition to protect the
erring officer Brophy waited until Mur
phy reported off duty.
Shortly after 6 o'clock he staggered into
the assembly room of the Southern sta
tion. Captain Spillane happened to be
present and he at once ordered Brophy
to prefer charges against him.
It is not unlikely that Lieutenant Han
na will be called upon by the Commis
sioners to explain his action in sending
Murphy back to his beat knowing at the
time that he was under the influence of
liquor.
Captain Spillane was indignant when
he heard of Hanna's error, and severely
"roasted" him for what he termed his
blundering methods.
Widber's Bondsmen Sued.
An attempt will be made to recover on
the $100,000 bond given by the Fidelity
and Deposit Company of Maryland to
guarantee the faithful performance of his
duties by A. C. Widber, City Treasurer,
who is $117,000 short in his accounts. The
guarantee company has refused to pay
the bond, and suit was commenced yester
day in the name of the people of thg. 2»£i£
THIEVES
VISIT THE
PRESIDIO
The Soldiers Robbed
While They Are
Asleep.
The Sentinels Unable to
Discover the Cul
prits.
Indignant Over the Numerous
Thefts, the Officers Consult
Chief Lees.
VALUABLES ARE TAKEN.
One of the Men Relieved of a
Diamond Ring and His
Watch.
The soldiers at the Presidio are indlg
| nant over the loss of many valuable arti
cles which were stolen from them by
some clever thieves. A private named
Carlson was robbed of a gold watch and
his papers while he was asleep in his
tent. Several other privates were robbed
in a similar manner, and as they are
anxious .to catch the thieves they decided
to enlist the services of the police. Last J
night one of the officers of the garrison
visited police headquarters and invoked
the aid of Chief Lees In finding the cul
prits.
H© gave a description of the property
taken as far as he knew, and requested
the Chief to do all in his power to arrest
the thieves.
Since the militia went to camp at the
Presidio the members have been syste
matically robbed of their valuables. Sev
eral suspicious characters were arrested,
but as nothing of an Incriminating nature
was found on them they were released.
In view of the frequent losses of the sol
diers the officer in charge has issued or
ders not to allow any person to pass the
gates unless he is known.
A private named Riley mourns the loss
of a diamond ring, a purse containing $14
and a silver watch. He was asleep in his
tent, when the thief cleverly relieved mm
of the valuables. Suspecting that one of
his bedfellow soldiers had taken the
valuables, "just as a joke," as he ex
pressed it, Riley questioned them; but as
they professed ignorance of the where
abouts of the money and jewelry, he be
came alarmed, and notified the captain of
the regiment. The following day another
private, named Becker, was robbed of a :
watch and a small amount in money. As
the thefts continued, the men in camp
grew justly indignant, and informed their
superior officer. Instructions were issued
to the sentinels not to allow any person
to enter the tents unless they had the
password. Despite the vigilance of the
sentinels, the soldiers continued to lose
their valuables. As the last extreme, the
commanding officer decided to inform the
police, with the hope of locating the cul
prit.
After learning of the numerous thefts
Chief Lees at once detailed De
tectives Silvey and Graham to make an
investigation and, If possible, arrest the
thieves. Last night they recovered a por
tion of the stolen, property In several
pawnshops, where it had been disposed of
by the pilferers.
As they have a good description of the
men, they confidently expect to arrest
them.
EXCITEMENT IN
THE WHEAT PIT
Harry Wise Buys BOOOTons of
December in a Single Trans
action.
A Prediction That Prices Will Rule
Still Higher— No Friends for
Barley.
Yesterday's wheat market was one of
extreme excitement from the opening un
til the gong sounded closing the day's
trading.
The local market acted in keeping with
that of Chicago. Early Liverpool cables
quoted wheat futures 6 cents higher.
Paris showed an advance of 1 franc.
Foreign markets were less excited than
traders generally had anticipated, and
this caused an easy opening. July started
at $1 17@1 18, against $1 27 on the curb the
afternoon previous.
At the opening, commission houses
bought freely. Much of the trading was
said to be for foreign account. The price
jumped 1 cent at a time until $1 25 was
reached. May sold at $1 87. Armours
brokers sold auout 2,000,000 of July over
$1 20. The local market was presented
with all kinds of news— bearish, bullish
and otherwise— before the opening. Prices
at the start were only fractionally lower
than those at the close Monday. The
weakness in closing English cables caused
long holders and shorts to sell freely. By
noon December wheat had sold down to
$1 72>4, with one or two faint rallies.
The Government report issued at noon
yesterday was regarded as bearish by the
trade. The report makes winter wheat
acreage 6 per cent and the condition 7 per
cent greater than on May 1 last year. The
effect of this report gave an easier feeling
to wheat in Eastern markets, the weak
ness being reflected in the local trading.
During the afternoon session December
sold at $1 71 at the opening to *1 72^4 at
the close. The late strength was caused
by Harry Wise bidding for wheat. After
he left the pits shorts began hammering
the market. On the curb $1 71^i was
asked.
Prices may temporarily work somewhat
lower, but everything points to much
higher prices before many weeks pass by.
Barley appears to have no friends. Few
buyers were to be seen. December found
no buyers at $1 31, against $1 33 yester
day. The demand for spot has fallen off to
comparatively nothing, heavy imports of
corn from the East being the chief cause.
The largest single transaction executed
on the call board In the past year was
the selling of 5000 tons of December wheat
at $1 79 by E. A. Bresse to Harry Wise.
Sugar in Abundance.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of -the Hutchinson; Sugar. Plantation
Company was held r yesterday \ afternoon,
and the yearly report of President Burke
on the ; condition . of , the company ■ for the
I past i year, including c the assets v and ; lia
bilities and the prospects for the future,
was presented. The total amount of sugar
received from ■ the plantation : for '; the < fis
cal \ year - ending t March • 31, ' 1898; was 7939
tons, - which was • disposed : of . at an * aver
age net price of J $62 24 ; a ton, yielding ; in
all ; $494,936 56. About ; half of J the two
miles ;of i railroad ; between ;; -:■. Houapo and
Hilea was , reported ■ completed, \ the .esti
mated cost of the completion |of , the work
being about $3000. The total assets of the
company during the past year were $1,955,
429 53 and the liabilities $5000. ; '
Those j elected \ to l govern ''■ the : . company
for.the coming year, are as follows Presi
dent; John A. Buck; vice-president; Nich
olas j Ohlandt ; - directors— William .y. Clift,
AlbertjMeyer and C. P. Overtou; secre- |
tary, E. SH. Sheldon. V ■''- ".'!.-. ':.'.'" v^,":
£9 Market & U aeaiy. .
READY FOR
RED CROSS
BENEFIT
Tickets on Sale To-
Day at the Orpheum
Theater.
Great Performance Prom
ised by the Volunteer
A rtists.
Business Men to Meet To-Day
at the Chamber of Com
merce.
FUNDS ARE BADLY NEEDED
Much Encouragement Is Being Given
the Ladles With Subscription
Lists.
The sale of tickets for the benefit per
formance to be given at the Orpheum for
the Red Cross Society on Thursday after
noon commences this morning at the box
office of the theater. Seats in all parts of
the house on the main floor will be 50
cents and in the gallery the seats will be
sold at 25 cents. The managers are pre
paring for a rush, and they believe more
than half the house will be disposed of
during the first day. The performance as
arranged will be one of the best that the
house has offered for many weeks. Every
one of the performers is immensely in
terested in the work of the Red Cross So
ciety, and many of them have friends
who are now in the tents at the Presidio
waiting for the order to move to Manila,
and they do not propose to let them go
without doing at least some little act that
will bring them comfort should they be
come ill or wounded while in the distant
islands.
Every cent that will be taken in at the
box office will go to the fund of the Red
Cross Society. The managers of the the
ater have placed the house at the disposal
of the organization, and the performers,
the members of the orchestra and the
mechanics and stage hands have gladly
volunteered their services. Many persons
talented in the art of entertaining have
volunteered to assist the members of the
company of vaudeville artists now billed
at the theater, and a most unique and in
teresting performance will be given.
The collecting committee of the Red
Cross Society were hard at work yester
day, and when the rooms of the society
in the Claus Spreckels building were
closed for the day the bank account of
the organization had been doubled as a
result of their wor— The Bank of Cali
fornia gave a check for $250 and Anton
Borel added a like sum to the fund. Louis
Sloss, G. Niebaum, Lewis Gerstle, J.
Downey Harvey and L. E. Johnson each
gave $100. Daniel Meyer sent a check for
$50 and Mrs. Henry L. Dodge and Mrs.
Cyrus Walker gave $25 each. Fred S.
Johnson and E. H. Horton each gave a
big twenty-dollar gold piece. The chil
dren of the Washington Grammar School
added $40 to the fund and the Philomath
Club sent a check for $53 that its members
hal contributed to the work of the so
ciety. The London, Paris and American
Bank, the Anglo-California Bank and the
London and Lancashire Fire Insurance
Company swelled the fund by $100 each.
The Manual Training Club and the kin
dergarten school of the French Christian
Union sent $10 as their union subscription
to the work of the society.
Mrs. J. G. Clark, who attended a meet
ing of the Red Cross Society that was
organized in Vallejo on Monday, reported
to her associate workers that much sub
stantial support could be expected from
them. Mrs. Xewcomb was the president
of the organization, with Mrs. George H.
Peabody financial secretary, Mrs. Alice
Holt recording secretary and Rev. Mr.
Williams vice-president.
Word was received during the day that
Colonel Otis of Los Angeles would take
the initiative to organize a Red Cross so
ciety in the lower part of the State, and
he promised that the people of Los An
geles would respond handsomely to the
call to assist the work of the Red Cross
among the soldiers who have been called
from this State.
A special meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce has been called for this after
noon at 2:30, to take some action to assist
the work of the society. All the busi
ness men of the city are invited and are
e.x"pected to be present. Persons familiar
with the work of the Red Cross on the
field of battle will address the meeting.
The ladies of Seven Pines Circle, an
auxiliary to the G. A. R., have made a
cash donation to the Red Cross League.
When the trouble with Spain began they
forwarded a set of resolutions to the
President, expressing confidence in the
administration, and received a very
pleasing answer. —_. ,
The fadies of St. Stephen's Episcopal
Church met In St. Stephen's Hall yester
day afternoon to discuss plans for aiding
the Red Cross Society in its work. Ihe
rector. Rev. E. J. Lion, presided at the
mo"t!np and suggested that ladies work
independently of and in concert with the
Red Cross organization. His suggestion
was taken up by the ladies present, and
they decided to appoint a committee to
visit the headquarters of the league and
ascertain in what manner they could
give the most assistance. A list will be
procured of the articles of which there is
the greatest need and each of the ladies
will endeavor to procure as large a quan
tity of these as possible. Supplies will be
received by the Ladies' Aid Society of the
church, who will send them to the head
quarters of the society for distribution.
The ladies have entered into the work
with spirit and zest, and are confident of
their ability to render valuable assist
ance.
Gave Official Permission.
At a meeting of the executive board of
the Theatrical Employes' Union Local No.
16, held yesterday, permission was grant
ed to the following members of ti.is union
employed at the Orpheum Theater to vol
unteer their services at the benefit of the
Red Cross Society of California to be nela
at the Orpheum Theater on Thursday aft
ernoon, May 12: George Holden. Frank
Damon. William J. McCarty, G. Garraud,
John Victor, Charles Larsemier, S. Bost
wiok. William T. Quinn and George Whit
taker. .
Organizing in Alameda.
ALAMEDA, May 9.— The mass meeting
which is to be called to discuss the organ
ization of a branch of the Red Cross
League will be held at the council rooms
in the City Hall on Sunday next, at 4 p.
m Mrs. Otis, Mrs. Colburn and Mrs.
O'Neil have been appointed to assist Mrs.
Mnstiek, president of the league, in ar
ranging the preliminaries for the meeting.
Twenty vice-presidents will also be ap
pointed for the same purpose.
They Want Their Pay.
An Indignant delegation' of ' workmen
who iS had ; been employed upon /,., the
construction ' of ;' the benches ; for the
Sharkey-Jeffries ; fight ; called upon State
I abor Commissioner Fitzgerald on i Mon
day before whom they laid the complaint
that they had : not been: paid for : their
work by Contractor • Doran. t They ; stated
that the contractor i had ; hired ? a large
force to I get the seats ; up i in time - far the
fight and ; although' the i benches fell with
a crash, : Injuring many . of the spectators,
the workmen were , not responsible,for
they had i constructed ; as directed. They
said that they worked from 98 to 100 hours
at '20 cents ;an hour ; : making • their i bills
between $18 and ; $20 1 to i the \ man. Doran,
they said, had sold s the old \ lumber, and
now states that he has no I money :to ■■ pay
them. The Commissioner ft will do k what
ihe can with Groom . and ■ Glbbs, who ■ had
the work done, to have them pay the men
,tef£vre;pyrins Jtha , contractor, y- ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
E3LIE3C3-^3ST T| i I
BLACK FABRICS
.A.T
VERY LOW PRICES!
(Ty*4 /"S 00
4>l^ Pattern.
24 BLACK FRENCH NOVELTY >
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS
in the very newest designs.
'•. $10" Pattern.
40 BLACK FRENCH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
9 different designs.
$9; Pattern.
4> Pattern.
140 BLACK ENGLISH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
in the very latest styles.
REMNANTS.
During* the present week we will place on our
center counters, MARKED DOWN TO LESS THAN HALF
PRICE, all REMNANTS and SHORT LENGTHS of PLAIN
and FANCY SILKS, PLAIN and FANCY RIBBONS,
PRINTED LAWNS and ORGANDIES, FLANNELETTES and
GINGHAMS, and a very large lot of REMNANTS of
FINE EMBROIDERIES. ■ '
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
REGENTS SHOW
PATRIOTISM
Decide to Allow a Professor
Full Pay During His
Enlistment.
Additional Compensation to Bo Paid
Attaches of th« Stato
University.
j- The Regents of the University of Call
1 fornia paused in their arduous labors of
discussing the report of the committee on
i finance and audit yesterday to give vent
to their patriotism. The departure was
brought about by Judge Wallace moving
that Lieutenant A. P. Hayne, an assist
ant professor in the department of agri
culture, be allowed half pay during his
i absence as a volunteer soldier. Regent
! Halllday forgot the scarcity of funds and
i enthusiastically amended the motion by
! making it full pay. Regent J. E. Budd
added his voice by saying that if any stu
dent or professor in the university de
sired to enlist in their country's defense
he should be given leave of absence and
full pay.
At another time during the session the
spark of patriotism was again fanned
into flame. Regent Budd was speaking
in favor of raising the salary of Professor
Syle of the department of English to
$1800. This was discussed at a previous
meeting, at which time Regent Houghton
opposed the raise on tne ground that the
professor had uttered unpatriotic senti
ments in a lecture at Berkeley. Budd
read letters of professors who had attend
ed the lecture, in which they declared
Professor Syle had been grossly mis
quoted by tne press. He then defended
the latter and spoke in glowing terms of
his ability and worth. In defending him
j self Mr. Houghton said that the remarks
he had made were based on reports he
had read in the morning papers, in which
the professor compared the United States
with the Roman empire, and that Syle
had been reported as saying that the
i vices of the Roman empire were preva
lent in the United States, and the end
of this country would be like Rome.
Regent Black indorsed the lecture as
one of the most patriotic he had ever
heard, saying iV was along the line of
Kipling's great poem, ".Lest We Forget."
Judge Foote eloquently defended Berke
ley's representative, saying that one
brought up under the shades of Berkeley
could not be disloyal.
After the wave had passed the members
agreed to advance Professor Syle's salary
if Professor W. D. Armes of the same de
partment received the same treatment. A
compromise was easily effected and both
professors will receive $1800 per annum.
Herman Schussler, Colonel Walker and
Gustav Gutch were appointed emeritus
professors at the university without sal-
ary.
The following attaches of the university
will receive additional compensation for
their services: E. W. Davis, Rebecca
Meyerstein, May L. Cheney, R. H. Jones,
J. D. Layman, *C. K. Jones, J. Gillick, F.
T. Bioletti, E. Kellner, A. O. Leuschner,
W. B. Rising, E. O'Neill, H. I. Randall,
L. D. Syle. W. D. Armes. G. T. Winter
burn. J. H. Senger, J. T. Allen, H. M.
Hopkins. Bernard Moses, K. C. Babcock,
L. J. Richardson. W. H. Wright. ML W.
Haskell. L. E. Dickson, C. L. Cory. Ira
Currier, W. H. Lozier. T. P. Bailey, F.
P. Dressier, G. M. Stratton. E. B. McGil
vray, W. J. Raymond. M. L. Margolis, W.
E. Ritter and H. B. Torrey.
Professor George Davidson will receive
$4000 per annum Instead of $3000. H. T.
Ardley's petition to the board for addi
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
tional compensation will be taken up at
the next meeting.
THE SEWER EVIL.
Board of Health Takes Steps to lies-
sen the Imminent Danger Caused
by Deadly Gases.
A conference was held yesterday be
tween the Board of Health and the mem
bers of the former Sewer CommlMion
for the purpose of abating, if possible,
the danger of contagion arising from th«
present defective sewer system. There
were present Drs. Morse, Fitzgibbon.
Hart and Williamson and Professor
George Davidson. Marsden Manson, Her
man Schussler and George F. Allardt ot
the former Sewer Commission. Professor
Davidson said the chief danger was from
diphtheria caused by sewer gas. He said
the sewers were ventilated chiefly through
connections with residences, and he ad
vised that all vent holes be closed to
prevent the escape of gas. The sewers
should also be thoroughly flushed from
time to time.
Mr. Schussler said the flushing should
be done under the personal supervision ot
the Board of Health, and even the most
thorough flushing would not entirely
eradicate the evil, owing to the faulty
construction of the sewers.
Mr. Manson said that of 240 miles of
sewers inspected by the commission less
than five miles were properly constructed.
It would cost $4,000,000 to build an effi
cient sewer system for the city.
It was finally decided to ask the Super
visors to take some action toward abat
ing the evil, and that the two boards co
operate for the improvement of the sewer
system.
AD VEBTISEMENT S.
EUROPE HAS TROUBLES
ENOUGH OF HER OWN,
washing her soiled linen, without In-
terfering in our little . scrap. You will
find you have troubles enough of you*
own, too, if you take your soiled linen to a
poor laundry. ; Be on the safe side and .
bring it here, ; where we take special
pains to render it beautiful in 00105
and perfect in finish;
United ■ States ■ Laundry Office, 1004 ;
Market street. • Telephone South 420. :
"I® : : - Chlche«ter"s EnrUoh Clamood Brud, ::-
rENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
- V "<ff^-v ."'^ Original and Only Gcnalne. ; A vJ-"
Sdfrkru\ •* ■ *l»ayi > reliable. %. ladies aik fl\ '"
«i/Lyya Dmgsist Tor ChlthtMln •« English Dla-£jn\
■■"(tfTyijiPsmonii Brand In Kcd and Gold metallic
■T^ ■ —-T>Mfaboxe«. sealed with blue rtbboa. Take VHP-
9 Ttl '*^ Vyjno other. ; Refute dangerous subttitu- ▼
: I / "~ •- fw tions and imitation*. At Oraggisti, or sen* So.
I J» .: .1 Jm i n stamp* for particular*, testimonial! ami
VV* ' 0 11 Relief for Ladles," in Utur, by retaia
~\. _ Prn Mall. 'i 10.000 TntimonlaU. JTaaM Paper.
,' t»U by all Local PnmHti. r■ v . ; . v /*?PimlAPlu.
"OPIUM
The pur* essential extract from the native drag. Oon<
tains . all the valuable medicinal properties or Opium
Without fta noxloun elements." No sickness ct stomncbi '
»c Tomit.ng ; no costireneea . bo heaaacho. _ AUJ3ruggut%