VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 81.
MANILA'S FALL
GIVES SAGASTA
MUCH WORRY
Declares That It Has
No Effect.
SITUATION IS NOT ALTERED
PHILIPPINES STILL BELONG TO
t SPAIN.
.^American Honor, He Says, Will Not
Permit of the Holding of the
Islands Taken After the
Armistice Was Signed.
: . Bp*«4al Cable to The Call and the New Tork
■ : . . HeraM. Copyrighted, IS*S, by James G>r
.'•• • -■ don Bennett.
:. •. MADRID, Aug. 19. — Senor Pagasta
'■'..■■has stated that the actual situation
;.':.'now existing- as between Spain and the
■ X T riited States is neither peace nor war,
and that the situation is merely a sus
;'.jpettsion of hostilities.
~X ■■ Spain desired an armistice, but the
"tJnited States did not agree to it. Spain,
.'. : -: -'in'.' resigning her sovereignty in Cuba
and Porto Rico, has not renounced all
:,; belonging 1 to her. The> United States
: a-s : an honorable nation will not seek to
f/ ajnnex that which cannot legitimately
i-f fee as booty of war accord
" ing. to the conditions under which peace
.: •■was concluded.
!'.; :. &enor Sagaeta believes that, a cessa
': -tlon of hostilities having been pro
claimed, tfn- taking of Manila does not
■ -affect the Philippine problem. One of
■ 1 the highest Spanish Jurists says that
';V among the ships captured by the
.Americans were many that did not
■ kiiow of the declaration of war, and
Vt&at their capture, like that of an army
..taken in similar ignorance, cannot pos-
! ■■■ sibry be legally justified by interna-
'■ tional law.
. . 'T-he Spanish Government will nomi
three individuals to arrange for
;!;/ the! evacuation of Cuba — ime a general,
V ehe an admiral and one a judicial au
ttibiity. General Blanco will take part
;.;; .in -the evacuation.
;TPhe Pals, a journal .of dubious meth
:ods:, which had been suppressed for the
'. last fe"W lays, now appears again.
SPANISH CORTES
MAY BE CONVENED
••'aradrid Resolved to Insist That Ma
' niia's Capitulation Is Devoid
"".-". of Effect.
••'••MADRID, Aug. 19.— The Government
•■lias, resolved to insist that the capUula-
Vlanila after the signing of the
icol shall have no effect in
•".-the gotiations unfavorable to
.■•. -. 'Spain.
.■ : '.in any event the Government holds
■"-; that the capitulation, having been
• signed by the commander of the town,
'•L.lt, does not entail the surrender of the
>..w;hole of the Philippines.
.'All the indications are that the peace
ru''.gv>tiatlons will be prolonged. The
.:■': opposition factions are redo-übiing the
: . agitation for convoking the Cortes, and
•'it- is said that Senor Sagasta begins to
hesitate, although he shares the opin
'. ion of Duke Almodovar de Rio, the
.Foreign Minister, as to the inconveni
ence involved in a meeting of the Cortes
: and a series of debates on the peace
terms. It is supposed the Cortes will
meet after the election to the Councils
■ "■■'; General in the middle of September.
LONDON'S VIEW AS TO
AMERICA'S POLICY
The Spectator Sees in Our Conquest
Beginning of an Over-Sea
; Tropical Empire.
X.ONDON, Aug. 19.— The Spectator in
• : its issue this week prophesies that
America will retain all the Spanish
possessions she has captured, and
. thinks that "pressure from the Cuban
loyalists will force the commission to
stipulate that Cuba shall be governed
..by the United States for twenty years."
The Spectator says: "America will
find herself at the end of the year in
the possession of the beginning of an
over-sea tropical empire. Long may she
rule it in the interests of humanity and
justice. While it is so ruled England
will never begrudge her her possessions
nor their expansion into a do-mam as
■'■ great as our own/"
PARIS TRIBUNAL WILL
BE FINAL ARBITER
Madrid's Contentions Given Little
. -Consideration by Washington
Officials.
;: : • WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The claims
zn&di In Madrid that the protocol and
: not the capitulation controls the state
of affairs In the Philippines will not be
discussed by State Department offi
cials. The iiscussion is looked
. upon as rather academic, as it is taken
for granted that claims will be made on
both sides and that the Paris tribunal
will be the final arbiter of the case.
BCHLEY MAY SUCCEED MILLER.
A More Important Command Than
That of the West Indies.
.'■•' ■ NEW FORK, Aug. 19.— The Tribune's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The Navy Department has taken under
: consideration the reorganization of the
North Atlantic fleet, it is considered
..likely the North Atlantic station will
• be divided and one flap officer, probably
. Admiral Sampson, retained in com
■-■' rnand of the home fleet. The impression
prevails among naval officers that
•. Bchley will seize the opportunity to se
■' "cure command of the Pacific station on
- •"■the. ; retirement of Admiral Milier on
■ :• November 22 and be content to wait
■ ashore a few weeks between the ter
. "■ mination of his services on the Porto
Rlca-n commission and Admiral Miller's
•-' retirement, which would enable him to
• have an independent command, per
haps more important than that of the
: West Indies, as it includes the whole
• Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Cape
Horn, as well as Hawaii and Samoa,
The San Francisco Call
ANNOYING
LETTERS SENT
MRS, DUNNING
Came From a Lady in
This City.
A MYSTERIOUS WARNING
DARK HINTS OF IMPENDING
TROUBLE.
Her Life Threatened by the Writer
If She Ever Returned to
the City of San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to Th© Call.
NEW TORK, Aug. 19.— A special to
the World from Dover, Del., says: Mrs.
John P. Dunning, the younger of ex-
Congressman Pennlngton's murdered
daughters, had been a silent sufferer
for at least two years before her death,
during all the time she was home with
her father.
There were circumstances that en
forced her separation from her husband
and compelled her to seek her former
home, while Mr. Dunning remained in
the far West seeking his living.
There was nothing discreditable to
either of them in this separation, sim
ply stress of circumstances. But not
long after she reached Dover there be
gan to arrive a series of annoying let
ters that were addressed to her from
San Francisco.
They were anonymous and gave no
hint as to the writer's identity beyond
the fact that It was a woman that sent
them.
The first of them contained dark
hints that Mrs. Dunning could not un
derstand, mysterious warnings that she
should beware of impending trouble
for her.
She was a strong young woman and
at the beginning destroyed the letters
and said nothing about them to her
parents or any other member of her
family here. She mentioned them in a
casual way In her letters to her hus
band, but did not even look to him for
any explanation of them. She con
sidered them simply as the production
of some crank that had learned of her
existence while she had lived with her
husband in San Francisco.
Then came letters that were Irss
vague. They charged her that she
should never think o-f returning to San
Francisco on peril of her life. These
she didn't destroy.
She showed all of them to her father
and some of them she mailed back to
her husband for investigation. What
he discovered cannot be learned until
he arrives here, for if he ever sent any
explanation to his wife she never to-ld
of it.
ASK FAVOES OF BLANCO.
Peculiar Requests of the New Span
ish Casino at Havana.
HAVANA, Aug. 19.— Yesterday the
President and newly elected board of
the Spanish Casino paid their respects
to General Blanco. The president, in
the name of all Spanish residents in
the island, requested General Blanco
to grant himself and his colleagues the
lots given for the purpose of erecting
quarters for the volunteers. In order
that they might build a sumptuous
palace for the exclusive nroperty of the
Spanish colony, and in which the Span
ish O nsulate, the Casino and other es
tablishments belonging to Spaniards
might be established. He also request
ed General Blanco to authorize the col
lection of funds by popular subscrip
tion for the purpose of increasinT the
Ppnnish navy and erecting a Btatue in
memory of Senor Canovas del Castillo
and other works. General Blanco ans
wered that he found the petition logi
cal and practical, and promised to in
terest himself in furthering the de
sires of the petitioners.
MUSTERING OUT BEGINS.
Several Regiments at Chickamauga
Ordered Home.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Orders
were given to-day for the return to
their State rendezvous of the First Illi
nois Cavalry and the First Maine In
fantry, now at Chickamauga, md the
Second New York Infantry, now at
Fernandina, Fla. These regiments
were mustered into the military ser
vice of the Government at the outbreak
of the war at the places mentioned
and their return thore is accepted as
conclusive evidence that they are to be
iiiust<red out.
Another regiment which has boen or
dered to return to its recruiting rcn
d< y.vnus is the First Vermont Infantry.
Thnt regiment, now at Chickamu.U£a,
•s under orders to proceed to Fort
Ethan Allen, Vt., and left Camp
Thomas to-day. Similar orders will
bo if sued from day to day to ihf. other
yrUnteer regiments selected for mus
tering rut.
TEN ADDITIONAL DEATHS.
General Shafter's Report on the Con
dition of His Troops.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— 1n his dis
patch to the War Department to-night
concerning the health conditions of his
troops, General Shatter reports the
death of ten men. Following is the
summary of the dispatch:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 19.— Adjutant
General of the Army, Washington: Sanitary
report for August 19: Total number Kick. 1245:
total number fever cases, 915: total number
new cases, 91;. total number fever cases re*
turned to duty, 136.
SPANISH CLAIMS IN CUBA.
Madrid Seeks to Shirk Payment of
the Colony's Debt.
MADRID, Aug. 19.— 1t is rumored that
the Government will instruct the Cuban
Commissioners to present a strong case
fur the rpcosnition of Spanish claUns for
compensation for the cession of public
works in Cuba, the compensation to take
the form of saddling upon Cuba the bulk
of the Cuban debt existing in 1895. The
papers advocate the strengthening of
Ceuta and Andalusian ports in anticipa
tion cf Anglo-Russian eventualities.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
THE OLD LADY STITCHES ON ANOTHER PATCH.
NO MORE FUSION.
Butler Surrenders to
Midd!e-of-the-Road
sters.
HOUSTON, Tex., Aug. 19.— 1n
a speech at the big Populist en
campment at Greenville to-day
Senator Marion Butler of North
Carolina, national chairman of
the Populist party, surrendered
to the middle-of-the-roadsters,
or anti-fuslonists. He declared
that as national chairman he
would promise that there would
be no trades or combines with
either of the old parties before
the next national convention,
and he would call that conven
tion at least a month before the
Democratic or Republican con
ventions convened and thus
prevent any opportunity for fu
sion.
RELIEVED OF COMMANDS.
Generals Wade, Butler and Gordon
to Act on Commissions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Major
General James F. Wade, formerly
in command of the Third Army
Corps at Chickamauga, and Major
General M. C. Butler, in com
mand of a division of the Second
Army Corps at Falls Church, were to
day relieved of their present duties in
order to enable them to enter upon the
discharge of their important duties as
members of the commission charged
with the execution of the provisions of
the peace protocol regarding the evacu
ation of Cuba by the Spanish troops.
A similar order was also issued to
day in the case of Brigadier General
William Gordon, commanding a di
vision of the Fourth Army Corps, who
has been appointed a member of a sim
ilar commission in the case of Porto
Rico. No one has yet been selected to
SAYS CALIFORNIA
WILL SHOW HEAVY
REPUBLICAN GAINS
Predictioo of Representative Over
street After a Tour of the
State.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Representative Overstreet of Indiana,
secretary of the Republican Congressional Committee, has just re
turned from an extended trip on the Pacific Coast. He gave'close
attention to political conditions existing there and predicts that Cal
ifornia will give an increased Republican representJition in the
House; that Senator White will be succeeded by a Republican Sen
ator, and that Maguire will be defeated by the Republican candi
date for Governor.
The same causes that carried Oregon for the Republicans are
operating in California with increased effectiveness.
Mr. Overstreet feels less hopeful of Washington, and admits the
loss of Utah and Colorado by the Republicans. He classes Wyom
ing as certainly Republican, prophesies extraordinary Republican
gains in Kansas, puts Nebraska in the doubtful list, and says his
own State, Indiana, is as certainly Republican as is Vermont.
succeed these officers In their present
commands, and it is not likely that
any action in that direction will be
taken for some time.
Major General Brooke, who is the
other army officer on the Porto Rican
commission, is now in that country and
probably will not be relieved of his
present duties until after the arrival
there of his colleagues on the com
mission.
TROOPS SAIL FBOM SANTIAGO.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Auk. 19 (af
ternoon).—A portion of the First Resrl
ment of Infantry left this morning on
the steamer D. H. Miller. This after
noon 500 of the District of Columbia
troops sailed on the transport Hud
son, 500 of the Seventh Infantry on the
Yucatan and six companies of the
Thirty-fourth Michigan on the trans
port Santiago. The troop 3 are going
forward as rapidly as possible. Owing
to the increase in sickness there is
much need of hospital ships. The num
ber of those sick is large, and there are
not sufficient accommodations for
them.
GATHERING OF
SHIP-BUILDERS
Henry T. Scott in Washington
to Bid on the New Bat
tleships.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19. — A Wash,
ington special to the Herald says:
The opening of bids for the new
battleships, which will take place
next week. Is bringing to Wash
ington all the prominent builders
of the country. H. T. Scott, rep
resenting the Union Iron Works of
San Francisco, arrived here yes
terday.
"We shall bid on all kinds of
government ships," said Mr. Scott,
"coast defense monitors, battle
ships and torpedo boats."
DIFFICULTIES AVOIDED
THROUGH ANNEXATION
London Times Advises the United
States to Hold Fast to the
Philippines.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— The Times this
morning says editorially that it fore
sees circumstances which may impel
the United States to a permanent occu
pation of Cuba, and adds:
"If America is prepared to under
take the responsibility of the govern
ment of the whole Philippine group, it
is hard to see how any other power
could legitimately interfere. If the
United States repudiates such respon
sibility, a very perilous state of things
might ensue, because it would not be
easy to dispute the right of other pow
ers to terminate the state of anarchy.
Therefore many difficulties will be
avoided by American annexation. In
any case, no Kuropean power need
reckon upon finding the United States
as easy to coerce as Japan."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
EDITOR OF
PONCE PAPER
IN A CELL
Porto Rico Newspaper
Suppressed.
INCITED NATIVES TO RIOT
CALLED ON THEM TO DESTBOY
SPANISH PROPERTY.
Macias' Craven Soldiers Continue to
Perpetrate Outrages in th©
Northern Part of the *
Island. ' \^g
Special Cable to The Call and the New "fork
Herald? Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PONCE, PORTO RICO, Aug. 19.— La
Neuva Era, an afternoon newspaper,
established the day after the occupa
tion of this city by United States
troops, was temporarily suppressed to
day by the United States military au
thorities because of the publication of
an article headed "Vengeance."
The article called upon Porto Ricans
to destroy Spanish property and pre
vent Spanish shopkeepers doing: busi
ness. This offense was worse in view
of the demonstrations of the last few
nights in various towns in the southern
part of the island against Spanish resi
dents.
The Spanish shopkeepers in Ponce
are now afraid to open their places.
Native police are powerless to curb the
spirit of the mob and it is doubtful
whether they would do anything if they
could. La Neuva Era's presses were
stopped after the flrst edition had been
put on the street. Its editor was ar
rested on a charge of inciting to mob
violence. This action and the deter
mined attitude of the provost guard
it is expected will bring citizens quickly
back to an orderly mood.
Spanish outrages in the northern part
of the island continue and the local pa
pers have published a list of victims
at Cailes. Among the names are those
of many young girls who have been ill
treated by Spanish soldiers.
General Miles probably will com
municate with Captain General Maciaa
about the matter.
OCEAN GRAVES FOR
SIX BOYS IN BLUE
Perish at Sea While Being Returned
From Santiago to the United
States.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Aug. 15.--
The steamer Olivette arrived at Fort
Monroe this afternoon from Santiago
de Cuba, having on board 200 patients
of the Fifth Army Corps, including
twenty-five officers. While the Olivette
was at sea the following men died and
were buried:
Corporal Emery Brown, Troop E,
Tenth Cavalry, malarial dysentery,
August 14.
Charles Waldman, Company C, First
District of Columbia, malarial dysen
tery, August 16.
J. H. Spencer, Company I, First Illi
nois, fever, malarial dysentery, Au
gust IS.
Major Caspar H. Conrad, Eighth In
fantry, malarial fever, dysentery, died
off Santiago de Cuba, August 15.
Herbert H. McCormick, First Illinois,
dysentery, malarial, August 18.
Homer Covery, Company F. Thirty
fourth Michigan, malarial dysentery,
August 19.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The Mobile
brought 1600 troops in all, of whom 300
are reported on the sick list. Ten
deaths occurred on the voyage from
dysentery and typhoid.
Sergeant Alfred Judson and Fred
Gaslin, of Troop H, of the Rough
Riders, died in camp yesterday from
convulsions.
CUBANS MUST DISBAND.
Island Insurgents Will Have to
Follow Peaceful Pursuits.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— A special to
the Times from Washington says:
There have been conferences between
Estrada Palma and other representa
tives of the Cubans and officials of the
United States relative to the insurgents
and what would be done with them.
Mr. Palma was advised that the
"United States would not consider the
question of compensation of the Cuban
troops, because there was no power in
the Government to do so, even if there
was the inclination. He was told that
the best thing the Cubans could do
was to advise the men in arms to dis
band, retire to their homes and engage
in peaceful pursuits.
That the members of the Cuban
Junta recognize that this is the only
thin? to do is seen in the fact that
emissaries have already been dis
patched to Cuba with a view of carry
ing out the desires of the United States
Government. These emissaries will
try to persunde the Cuban leaders that
resistance to the United States author
ity would result only in further dis
tress in Cuba.
NO WORK ON DEFENSES.
Spaniards Too Busy Telling What
They Would Do to Americans.
Special Cable to The Call and the N>w Tot*
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, Aug. 19.— The Numancia haa
been docked for reconstruction. It has
been decided to send the Pelayo, the
Carlos V and the Vltoria to each of
the ports where the repatriated Span
iards are expected. Cartagena has an
other cock and bull story about a new
submarine boat, the invention of a
naval lieutenant.
The military preparations on the
southern coasts are temporarily
stopped. The whole district has been
so excited discussing what would be
done that noting has been accom
plished. Now that peace is settled all
the southerners are mopping their
brows and consoling themselves that
had the Americans come they woulj
have had a hot reception.
Chicago Capitalist Dies at Pomwi^
POMONA. Cal., Aug. 19.— John A. Paefr.
ard. aged 80 years, a Chicago capital!^
died at his home at Lordsburg at »n eartpr
hour this morning.2
DAWSON A VAST
CITY OF TENTS
Army of Stranded Gold-
Seekers Grows.
OUTLOOK IS NOT CHEERING
THOUSANDS FACE A SERIOUS
SITUATION.
Unable to Locate Claims or Even to
Pitch Their Tents Near the
Center of the Mining
Metropolis.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON, X. W. T. r July 29.-With
th.- warm season more than half gone
the- army of people encamped about
Dawson In tents remains in it? full
BiroiiKth. The places of those who are
moving down the river is taken from
day to day by others who are just ar
riving and have yet to learn the dif
flcult conditions that, if they are to
stay, they must meet and overcome.
The conditions become more difficult
and burdensome every day. Each day
the fringe of cabins adds another
widened circle to the^outskirts of the
town and the i..an who comes to locate
next day finds himself compelled to be
nt with still another remove from
the center. What a hardship this is
to the settler can only be appreciated
when it is understood that the thi<kly
bullt up most outward circle lies more
than two miles from Front street, on
top of a steep hill. To reach it the
dweller there passes over a mile of
country almost without a cabin upon
it. The level swamp land and the
elopes of the hill to the east and south
of the town are comprised in the La
Due townsite, for which a. patent has
been issued, and to Stewart Mt-nzies'
application for a patent for forty acres
and to the Government reserve. On
this last, a wide space sufficient to ac
commodate half the city, the barracks
and Government buildings are located.
There is a space northward of the
townsite comprising about fifty acres
of a sloping hillside where squatters
were first directed. It is now the
choice residence part of town and
every lot i^ located upon. In this
tract lots are now held by their
private owners at not less than
one thousand and as high as live
thousand dollars. In the La Due town
sit" the most undesirable lot in the .
swamp is held at not less than one
thousand dollars. So it will be seen
the newcomer, unless he has plenty of
money to spend for his temporary resi
flence, is compelled to cross over the
high-priced w.-i.^te and practically seek:
a rocidenco in the outer wilds. The
Bummer trail to the mines takes up the ;
hill east of town and on the j
top discovers a plateau, sloping down '
fo the X: ndike River. To the hun- ;
dreds who went to Major Walsh on j
first arriving here asking where they '
might pitch their tents he told them
to go to this distant plateau. This
meant the packing of all their pro- ;
visions and effects to the top of this
high hill. Only those who meant to re- \
main there would do this and the woods
are now full of their cabins, or rather
the woods have given place to their
cabins. Tents have been pitched on ,
the Government reserve about the bar- |
racks and on the other reserve held by ;
the Government toward the north near |
the hospital and on the property of in
dividuals, wherever consent could be
gained, until the number 'runs above
five thousand.
The thick" fringe of boats and barges
along the water front etill accommo
dates a thousand more. These people
for the most part are simply sitting
here in a sort of trance, eating the pro
visions they brought in with so much
labor and wondering if .something will
not turn up for them to-morrow. The
police have several times issued orujs
to have the Government reserves va
cated, and Major Walsh, when the La
Due patent arrived, gave out a proc
lamation that he would sustain the
company In its effort to clear its rror
erty of squatters. So those who pull
up to the water front at Dawson, be
lieving that having reached their goal
their troubles are over, a\vak» within
the hour to a realization of new trou
bles quite as harassing as any they
have seen. The orders to mov.; off the
reserve have been suspended as often
as given, for the tented squatters there
complain that they intend to remain
but a few days anyhow and It would
be a great hardship to compel them to
climb the hill with their goods in the
meantime. So the army of inaction
remains and the winter hurries on. To
clear the water front, especially at
certain landing places, is more Impor-
tant. Orders have again and- again
been Issued, but still the boats cling
to the shore line. A few days ago a
Northwest mounted policeman cut the
strings of a score of boats tied to the
shore within the reserve, and they
floated off down the stream, being
pulled In. however, by a boatman half
a mile below. This was done to make
room for a public wcodyard in contem
plation. The Yukon River has been
rising and falling in remarkable fash
ion for . some weeks past, rising as
much as a foot and falling again
within the same day. This is caused
by very heavy rains on some of the
branches of the river ,above. It has
been more effective In clearing the
squatters from off the bars in front of
the city than the police orders. It has
caused much loss and great discomfort
among them. Every day the question
is asked with growing anxiety, "What
are these people to do this winter?"
No doubt very many of them Intend
going out. They will probably float
down the river for more than 2000
miles that lie between them and St.
Michael in their small boats. Some
have already started on the long voy-
age.
It is feared, however, that the
great number who may be think
ing of this means of escape will be
soothed by the beautiful summer
•weather they are now enjoying, and
which may be expected to continue up
to the very edge of winter, into re
maining too long-. One day the warm
sun will be hidden by a rain cloud, the
rain next day will turn to snow, which
will not melt atraln till next spring, a
few days later ice will begin running
In the Yukon, and the exit downstream
is locked for this year. With those un
familiar with the swift approach of
the Arctic winter when undertaking to
again claim this country, it is difficult
to realize the danger. The weather
has been extremely warm during the
past week, the mercury rising to 100
degrees in the shade. There is a great
deal of sickness in the camp, there
being nothing less than an epidemic of
dysentery nnd also a number of cases
of fever. There are forty-five patients
in the hospital. Tim* O'Connor of San
Francisco died there last Thursday of
dysentery. He leaves a widow and chil
dren In San Francisco. The djwentery
and fever are generally charged by the
doctors to the water consumed. The
town is very poorly provided for in this
regard, there being few deep springs,
the water in general use being surface
and seepage, having the brown color of
the moss and very cold, as coming di
rectly off the ice. Half the big town is
sick on account of It, as . the warm
weather has having the an Intemperate
moss and very cold, as coming di
ly off the ice. Half the big town is
on account of tt, as the warm,
ther has tempted to an intemperate
use of it. A mad dog went snarling
through the streets a few days ago
snapping at the great number of dogs
in is path. He was killed, and an or
der is now in force requiring all dogs
to be tied up until the loth of August.
A negro boy has received the very
lucrative position of poundmaster. He
is given the right to capture and tie
up the dogs found running at large.
His charge for care and feed is at
Dawson rates.
The Dominion Creek affair, in which
Gold Commissioner Fawcett locked the
creek up until a certain day July
the dogs found running at large,
charge for care and feed is at
,-son rates,
le Dominion Creek affair, in which
1 Commissioner Fawcett locked the
k up until a certain day in July
and then threw it open three days be
fore the date fixed, to the great ad
vantage of a number who knew that
the order was to be changed, has been
the subject of constant irritation since
then, not (inly between the Commis
sioner and the people, but between the
Commissioner and Major Walsh. The
friction there has resulted almost in a
rupture, Fawcett being interviewed by
the committee appointed by the mass
meeting there has resulted almost in a
ture, Fawcett being interviewed by
committee appointed by the mass
■ting charged the change in the or
der to Major Walsh. Major Walsh
being confronted with this declaration
flatly denied the truth* of it, and there
was immediate cause for trouble. The
relations of the two officials are not
cordial even in a slight degree. Mass
meetings of miners have recently be
come of frequent occurrence, and in
them all the officials are severely crit
icized, especial pleasure being taken in
speaking plain concerning the Gold
Commissioner. The last meeting of
this kind framed a petition to Major
Walsh, asking him to suppress the
Mine Exchange. This is the institu
tion where claims are auctioned every
afternoon. The low prices at which
many claims have sold at the exchange
have had a tendency to demoralize the
market. Claim owners and brokers
say the place has done more injury to
the mining industry than has the roy
alty tax, and this expression was used
in the petition to Walsh. It was suf
ficient to cause him to refuse to grant
it He said that inasmuch as the of
flL»ils and the law had been coupled
as evils alike in character it would be
inconsistent in him to suppress one ami
not the other. He had the power, J c
said, to do away with the royalty and
he had not done it; therefore, he grant
He said that inasmuch as th.> ol
•-.lB and the law had been
evils alike in character it would r>e
consistent in him to suppress one ami
t the Other. He had the power, he
id to do away with the royalty and
had not done it; therefore, he could
not suppress the exchange.
Auction houses are doing a big bus -
! ness in disposing of outfits ottho*e
who. not finding here what they ex
pected, are eager to get away. There
! are three regular auction houses soen
eaired .not to speak of the independent
dividual who rises up at interval
along the water front and auctions his
gTh'e^Sn-up in so far as It will be
completed this year is almost over. A
TOt deal of ground will not be washed
at all. so loth are the miners to render
ing up the 10 per cent royalty This
royalty has given the whole district the
jaundice. The disgust of the mine
owners, big and little, is felt in the
street and on the trail, everywhere.
Very many claims that would other
wise be worked will not be touched,
beyond the necessary representing
work this winter. The hope is. of
course that the tax will be lifted and
if it is wthin the year the gold that
lies frozen in the ground will have
earned very good interest over that
which has been dug and washed out.
Generally, however, preparations are
begun for 'the coming winter's mining
operations. _ .
The Monarch, the Columbia mining
he Monarch, the Columbia Naviga
tion Company's steamer. Captain Clark
W. Sprague. arrived on Thursday with
a number of passengers and to-day the.
Sovereign of the same line arrived. The
Monarch's arrival is the first instance;
so far recorded of a new boat getting
up this river on its first attempt 'or in
I far recorded Captain boat getting
this river on its first attempt 'or in
first season. Captain Sprague was
congratulated among steamboatmen
throughout town. The feat to have
been repeated by the same company in
such quick succession was considered
remarkable. The Monarch started on
* return trip this afternoon.
The big naval victory at Santiago de
! Cuba was celebrated by the Americans
! here to-day. Major Walsh turned the
I town over to them until 4 o'clock to
i morrow morning. A procession marched
up and down Front street bearing
; American and English flags and ban
ners wearing the portraits of Dewey
and Schley. From a platform in front
of the Alaska Commercial Company
store speeches were made by a number
! of Americans and a very pretty speech
I by Judge Maguire of this district. Songs
were sung by men and women and in
pome of which the big crowd joined.
1 The town is quite wide open to-night.
KID M'PARTLAND
GETS THE DECISION
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.-"'Kid" McPart
iar.d of this city and Owen Zeigler of
Philadelphia fought twenty-flve rounds
before the Atlantic Cluh. and Charley
White, the referee, decided in favor of
MrPartland. who. with the- exception of
the last round, had the better of the bout.
ftfcPartland surprised many of those who
watched the fight by using his right hand
effectively, while his left was continually
playing havoc with Zeigler's face. Zeigler
fought desperately in the last two rounds,
and had the better of the New Yorker
in the work accomplished, but this was
not enough to counterbalance the lead
which the "Kid" had pained previously.
The men met at catch weights for a
twenty-round contest, and agreed to box
until ordered to break away by the ref
eree.
BISMARCK'S MEMOIRS.
It Is Said That They Contain No
Startling Disclosures.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— 1t is reported that
Prince Herbert Bismarck has hidden him
self for the purpose of correcting the
proofs of his father's memoirs, which
were prepared with the assistance of Dr.
Chrysarder, the late ex-Chancellor's sec
retary, and 1 Professor Bucher. It is al
leeed on good authority, however, that
the memoirs contain no startling disclos
ures though they are likely to provoke
interesting comments from other actors in
the events narrated.
STOCKTON BATHS BURNED.
Buildings Covered Nearly a Block
and the Loss Is $40,000.
STOCKTON, Aug. 19.— Jackson's baths,
the well known resort at the southern end
of the city, were destroyed by fire this
morning, causing a loss of $40,000. The
baths are lighted from deep gas wells,
and an explosion followed the first sight
of the fire. The pavilion, billiard hall,
clubhouse and bathnouses covered almost
a city block, and being of wood they
burned like tinder.
WATEB SUPPLY THREATENED.
Mountain Fires Again Break Out in
Los Angeles County.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 19.— Fierce moun
tain fires have broken out again on the
Government forestry reservation back of
Mount "Wilson, In the northeastern part
of the county. Much damage to the wat
er supply, which is already very light,
will result unless the fire is sneedily
stopped. Several gangs of men are to be
sent to the scene to-day.
Forest Fires Abating Around Ukiah.
UKIAH, Aug. 19. — Mountain fires which
have been devastating the redwoods for
days past are undar control, and the
weather in consequence is cooler and in
vigorating.
Three Barns Burned at Ukiah.
UKIAH, Aug. 19.— Three barns in this
city were destroyed by fire last night. The
damage amounts to $2600; Insurance $300.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
ALAMEDAS DEFEAT
THE SOOTH ENDS
Barg-e Race at Astoria
Regatta.
WIN DESPITE AN ACCIDENT
THEIR STEERING GEAR LOST BE
FORE THE RACE.
Pluckily Row Without It and Lsad
the Midgets by Ten Full
Lengths at tha
Finish.
Special Dippatch to The Tall.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 19.— The Ala
meda barge crew won the four-oared
race from the South End Midget crew
by ten lengths in the Astoria regatta
to-day. The outcome was a surprise.
Before the contest Alameda money
could not be found in the town. Every
body had picked the South Ends for
easy winners.
The race was rowed in the rain or«
a measured mile and a half course with
a turn. The water was very smooth
with a strong flood tide running, me
stakes were set up stream, which gave
the crews the benefit of the current
eoing up. while coming back it was a
hard pull against the tide
When the crews lined up for the start
it was found the aluminum rudder or
the Alameda barge hafl mysteriously
dropped off and sunk. This left the
Alameda boat without steering gear,
as another rudder could not be found.
It was thought the race would go to
the South Ends by default, but the
Alameda crew, after some delay, lined
up again, with the cockswain steering
the boat with the paddle of an Indian
loe. Their ambition to row under
circumstances received great ap
jse from the thousands who lined
course, and when they came home
f winners the cheering was terrific,
y had won a great race in the face
lefeat. _ . , 
t the start the Aiamedas had the
de course, a good advantage, and
f were away a half length in the
lat the report of the pistol. The
th Ends quickly forged to the front,
however, and were three lengths in
front half way to the stake They
were rowing a slow 24-stroke and never
once changed this for a spurt during
the entire course. .
The Aiamedas were zigzagging all
over the river, and !i seemed as if the
Midgets were taking things easy go
ing up just to have the Aiamedas stay
in the race. The latter were being
cheered to the echo by all along the
river for their plucky work and were
pulling a steady 30-to-the-mimue
St Th k e%urn was reached with the South
length farther up the river than their
opponents' and it was here they lost
the race. The Aiamedas came up *ith
a rush for the turn, the cockswain held
the paddle down as a pivot on the side
of the boat and in one strike they were
around an 1 , in the row home three
lengths ahead of the "Midgets be i° r e
the latter pave way. Once in the lead
the Alameda crew set up a 34-stroKe
and was walking away from the South
Ends, who seemed indifferent as to the
finish, as they never even quickened
their stroke to catch the Aiamedas.
The time of the winning crew was
10-54. The South Ends crossed thirty
four seconds later. The personnel of
the two crews is as follows:
Alamerta— V. Nidcock, bow; A. Hansen,
No 2- At Webb, No. 3; F. Ayers, stroke;
and Ed Hansen, cockswain.
South End— Gus Carson, bow; Bob Mac-
Arthur, No. 2; George Bates No. 3; *.
Dupllssea. stroke; and W. McGrill, cock-
Thi's afternoon the weather cleared,
and the immense crowds on shore and
afloat were entertained by swimming
matches, greased pole contests, tub
races, canoe races, duck hunt, net
throwing contests, fish boat races and
other events. A very exciting swim
ming contest was that between the
two Calif ornians, Pape and Webb, over
a 75-yard course, the former winninsr.
Both men were hauled into the boat
almost exhausted. Pape's time was
The wind was light and came in
puffs, making the sailing races very
slow. At the signal, however, eleven
fish boats entered for the first race un
der working sails, and made a beautiful
appearance as they passed the flagship
with their canvas spread lazily to catch
what little breeze there was. The start
was made at 1:58, and the winning boat
issed the line at 6:03, having gone
cc around the four-mile course in
r hours and eight minutes. The
iner WU Emile Mattson, an dthe
ze was 72 pounds of 40-12 ply Knox
Ine and $50 cash. There were ten
ler prizes, from a steel range to a
h<it
The time and the winners in the
other sailing races cannot be announc
ed by the judges to-night, but it 1h
known that in the Whitehall sailing
race the Ceola crossed the line first and
the Antiope second.
The land parade to-night was an at
tractive feature of the programme.
Governor Lord and staff, Brigadier
General Charles F. Bebee. Oregon Na
tional Guard, Governor-elect Geer, the
Oregon Naval Reserve, the Manila
Guards (forty young ladies from Mc-
Minnville) and a Chinese military com
pany from Portland, besides numerous
civic organizations, participated.
To-morrow the Alameda crew will
row the Vancouver and Portland fours.
The skiff race between Dr. Dennis of
the South End Club. Alex. Pape of the
Dolphin Club and Coney Ochs of the
Pioneer Club is scheduled for to-mor
row. —
WORLD'S CRICKET
RECORD BROKEN
CHESTERFIELD. England, Aug. 19.—
In the cricket match between Yorkshire
and Derbyshire, which began here yester
day. Brown and Tunnicliffe, for York
shire, made the sensational score of 554
before the partnership was dissolved to
day This is the world's record for first
class cricket, the prerlous record being
338 The pair went in first yesterday and
batted all day long, the score at the close
of play being 503. This morning Tunni
cliffe made his score 243, before he was
dismissed, and Brown was not out. with
a score of 292 and extras 19. Brown soon
followed, having totaled 300.
TENNIS TROPHY BROUGHT
DOWN BY FREEMAN
SANTA MONICA, Aug. 19.— The cham
pionship in the open singles was won this
afternoon by L. R. Freeman, and he is
now the possessor of r.he beautiful gold
trophy cup offered by the Lawn Tennis
Association of Southern California. The
match, although fast, was rather disap
pointing, as both champion and chal
lenger were in bad form.
rlay began this morning with mixed
doubles between Freeman and Miss Sut
ton and R. Rowan and Marian Jones
The laaies did most of the playine. ana
their tennis was admirable. The former
team won, which makes it a matter for
study as to who will win the ladies
singles to-morrow afternoon— Miss button
or Champion Marian Jones. To-day s
scores are:
Mfxed doubles— Freeman and Sutton beat R.
Rowan and Marian Jones, 7-5. 6-3; Bell and
Miss Sterling beat Daggett and Mrs. Seymour,
Final's all-comers' doubles— Bell and Braly
beat Wellcome and Bumiller. 4-6. 6-1, 6-1. 3-b.
Championship, open singles-Freeman beat
Plcher, C-l, 3-6. 6-1. 1-1 _. - __
Consolation singles— Hendricks beat Chap
man. 8-6. 6-1; Way beat OsburTi 6-1. 1-0. _ R. -A
Rowan beat W. Manning. 6-4. 6-4; «^ ert< ?" *™}
Buck. 6-1. 6-2. and Hendricks beat Pedley,
6-3, 6-2. _ _ .
BURN WINS COLOGNE
CHESS TOURNAMENT
COLOGNE. ATI* 19.— The fifteenth and
final round of the Internationa l chess
tournament was played to-day. |cWffe™
beat Heinriolwen, Gottschall «»£^*gj
and Janowski drew. Total score.
Won. Jjosv.
Players— 4 v
Albin 714 7V4
Janowski 8 ' 7
Berger 7 8 '
Popiel ' im 314
Burn ; 3 12
Schallop lO ix 4^
Chßrousek •" 7 8
Schiffers "'.'.'.mk 414
Colin 9 6
Schlechter 31/ mj
Fritz • 9 ' 6
Showalter ; 5^ g %
Gottschall ail SV,
Stelnitz 4^ fi*
Hetnrichoen 10 41/
Tschlßorin w ™ V*
Rum won the first prize, ( harousek,
Oohn™ ml Tsc-hlKorln divided the second,
third and fourth prizes Ln ecjual shares
StSnltz took the fifth, Schlechter and
Bnowalter divided the sixth ana seventh
and Berger received the eighth.
The prizes, eight in number, were of
the following amounts: First prize 1000
marks, second 750, third 500. .ourth 400.
lifth 300, sixth 200, seventh 150, eighth 100.
JIHN NOLAN'S BACKERS
LOSE SACKS OF COIN
BUFFALO. N. T.. Aug. 19.— The Electric
City $5000 stake for the 2:30 trotting, the second
big stake of the grand circuit meeting on the
Fort Erie track, was captured by the Prince
ton mare. Tlmorah. after John Nolan had
taken a heat and was a warm favorite in the
pooling. As a result of the upset the pool
boxes held about $30,000 before the speculation
stopped. There was something queer looking
about the early heats in the 2:04 pace. Che
halls, the Western stallion, paced In two heats,
but old Frank Agan came to life and took both
heats. The judges asked Kenny to drive the
favorite after this, but he refused to risk
chances with the hobbled Chehalis. Frazier
made a strong plea to be allowed to drive out
the race. He tinkered with the pacing gear
for a time and then reeled off heat* far In the
le The Ilmric'cuy stake. $5000 2:30 trotting-
Timorah won second, third and fourth heats.
Time 2-12»i 2-12% 2:14. John Nolan won first
™at in 214 Governor Holt third. Ledy^Wel
lington Miss Beatrice, Russo-Greek and Moun
ta 2 i T r pa a , l rng St purfe $1500-Cheh a lls won third,
fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:06 2:06. 2.06.
Frank A pan won first and second heats, Time,
2-05'ri 2:07%. Bumps third.
'2:6s class trotting, purse $1500, unfinished—
Tommy Britton won first and second heats.
Time 2-10% 2:09%. Grace Hastings won third
an™ fourth heats* Time. 2:09%. 2:12%. Ken
tucky Union. Rllma and Pilot Boy also started.
■*■-
SARATOGA RESULTS.
Poor Card, a Heavy Track and Dis-
agreeable Weather.
SARATOGA, August 19.— A poor lot of
; horses were carded to-day, and a heavy track.
disagreeable weather and light attendance did
I not tend to make the sport interesting. Sum
i marles:
First race, six and a half furlongs.
i Damocles. 108 (T. Sloan). 3 to 5. .............. ;.!
; Jiulse Wardell, 103 (Powers), 2 to 1 and 2 to M
• Donation. 106 (A. Barrett) 40 to 1 «
Time, 1:24.
j Banished, Hums, Izar and Trlano also ran.
Second race, five furlongs. -•
M^^of^rßyln^ hoi-andT^-5::::
La Flaneur, 58 (Rowden). 60 to 1 3
. Time, 1:05%. "
• Anita, Effie Alnslee and Leila Smith also
ran. ■ _,
Third race, mile.
Dutch Comedian, 104 OCuhn). 5 to 1 ........ ....1
Btray Step, HI (Powers). 9 to a and 3 to 5.... 2
Protue, 10S (Clawßon), 11 to o *
Time, 1:47.
Oxnard, Valid and LB also ran.
Fourth race, five furlongs.
Becken 100 (A. Dean), 12 to 1..... ™::::::::{
Lort Time, 100 (Kuhn). 3 to 1 and even |
Menu, 100 (Forbes). 6 to 1... »
Time. l:otty.
Hold Up Two Forks, Rhodymenla, Flying
Scotchman; Garrabrant and Five clock also
ran.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course. .';"•"•
Royal Scarlet. 155 (Cochran), even 1
Equerry, 146 (Wynne). 4 to 1 and even 2
Hurry Up, HO (Br m < e 4 .J Ito1 t0 1
Trillion also «tn.
Joliet Trots and Paces.
JOLIET 111., Aug. 19.— Five thousand en
thusiastic' spectators saw the third day's rac
ing at Ingalls Park. Results:
2-11 trot purse $1000— Cald won in straight
heats. Time, 2:10, 2:09%. 2:09%. Sir Charles.
Carlyle Came, Belmont, Emily, Phllomedes,
Fred B. Oratorio, Nearnur and Little Edgar
also started.
2-20 trot purse $1000— May Bloom won In
straight heats. Time. 2:17%. 2:13%, 2:12%. Cut
ting. Foxmount, Miss Sidney, All Right. Ber
gen. Bella Bells. Rene, Piko and nonna Al
lertbn also started. .. li V
2-14 pace! puree $1000— Warren D won in
straight heats. Time, 2:09%. 2:10*. 2:13%.
Carrie J, Fairvlew, Slbella, Jib, Prince Anaias.
Bill Frazier, Jonas. Don Quixote, Edith W likes,
Lcbbeas. Mollie Byrne*. Birchnut and Burr
Patch also started.
■>14 trot purse Caracalla won in
straight heats Time. 2:10%. 2:11%. 2:11%.
Hurnboldt Maid, Rose Crolx, Joe wonder. Me
dium Wood, Curta and Janey T also started.
Winners at "Windsor.
DETROIT. Mich., Aug. 19.— track at
"Windsor was heavy and lumpy and slow time
was made.
First race, six furlongs— Watercress won,
Toklo second, Weclipsle third. Time. 1:19%.
Second race, six furlongs— Simon D won,
Halton second, Bon Jour third. Time, 1:17H-
Third race, One mile— Ellesmere won. Sir Er
roll second. Glen Albyn third. Time, 1:48.
• Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Anno
wan won. Jimmy Cleve ■econd. Trimmer third.
Time, 1:11%. " > ■ • < • . „
■ Fifth race, one Lenncie won, Booi«
second, Albert S third. Time. 1:48.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Oriental won, Ta
mora second, Dogllda third. Time, l:l»Vi.
TRANSFER AND DISCHARGES.
Orders Issued by the War Depart
ment at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Major Wil
liam H. Stlllwell, additional paymaster
of United States Volunteers, is relieved
from duty in tae office of the paymaster
general of the army, and will proceed
to San Francisco, take station there and
report In person to the chief paymaster
of the Department of California for duty,
and by letter to the commanding general
of that department.
Sergeant Hugo Koehler, Company A,
Twenty-third Infantry, now supposed to
be at Camp Merrltt, San Franclßco, will
be discharged from the service of tno
United States by tne commanding officer
of his station. . _.__,_.
Private Robert F. Cooke, First Tennes
see Volunteer Infantry, now supposed to
be at Camp Merrltt, San Francisco will
be discharged from the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
of his station.
Private Frank J. Pratt Jr., Company
X First Washington Volunteer Infantry,
now supposed to be at Camp Merritt, San
Francisco, will be discharged from the
service of the United States by the com
manding officer of his station. This sol
dier is not entitled to travl pay.
STATE FAIR PRIVILEGES.
J. C. Humphreys & Co.'s 912,500 Bid
Is Accepted.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.— At the meet
ing of the directors of the State Agricul
tural Society, held yesterday afternoon,
it was agreed to dispose of the privileges
to J. C. Humphreys & Co. for the sum of
$12,500, and the policing was given to Har
ry Morse's detective agency.
FIGHTING CRAFT
IN GRIM PARADE
Final Orders for the
Naval Review.
SALUTE AT GRANT'S TOMB
TWENTY-ONE GUNS TO BE FIRED
BY THE WARSHIPS.
Mayor Van Wyck and New York Cit
izens Will Deliver an Address
to Sampson and
His Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Final or
ders were sent to-day to Admiral
Sampson relative to the naval parade
at New York City on Saturday. The
ships will proceed to the anchorage at
Tompkinsville, and there await the ar
rival of Mayor Van Wyck and a dele
gation of citizens, who are to go
aboard the flap-ship and deliver an ad
dress to Admiral Sampson and the men
of his command. This ceremony will
occur before 10 o'clock Saturday morn
ing, as the orders contemplate to start
up the North River at 10 o'clock. An
ticipating a pressure to gain admission
to the flagship during the review the
orders are that no one Is to be allowed
aboard except on the express direction
of the President. The salute at the
tomb of General Grant will be the na
tional salute of twenty-one guns.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Allen
attended the Cabinet meeting to-day
and explained the plans for the naval
review, and it was decided that Secre
tary Alger, Secretary Bliss, Secretary
Gage, Attorney General Grlggs and
Postmaster Emory Smith would repre
sent the administration at the review.
ARRIVAL OF SAMPSON
AND SCHLEY DELAYED
Fort Hancock Will Thunder a Salute
When Their Ships Pass
Sandy Hook.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Rear Admirals
Sampson and Schley and the six ves
sels of the North Atlantic squadron
that are coming to this port were ex
pected to arrive some time this after
noon, but had not been reported at a
late hour to-night. Off Sandy Hook
the vessels will be met by a flotilla of
excursion craft and escorted up the
bay to the man-of-war anchorage off
Tompkinsville. As the warships pass
in at Sandy Hook the guns at Fort
Hancock will thunder a salute. At
Forts Wadsworth «and Hamilton more
salutes will be fired, so that the arrival
of the squadron will be announced to
the citi ns of New York, who are
waiting to do honor to the returning
snilors
The officers and men on the warships
are unaware of any, reception preparing
fur them and Read Admiral Sampson
will be informed by a message sent
down in a dispatch boat as soon as he
arrives. The tars will then have to
bestir themselves in preparation for
the parade which is to take place to-
morrow.
Judging by the number of excursion
steamers and tugs being engaged for
to-morrow the river will be crowded
with all kinds of craft, loaded with
sightseers, who will cheer the tars all
the way along the route of the parade.
A great many steamers and tugs were
hired for private parties and many not
so engaged will take on all who want
to go on the river and follow the war
ships up and down. The harbor police
expect a busy day keeping the river
clear for the warships. As yet they
have framed no regulations, but they
wlll probably do so to-day.
The parade, if the warships arrive on
time is to start at 10 o'clock from the
anchorage off Tompkins'vllle. The war
ships will steam slowly up the Hudson
River to Grant's tomb, where a na
tional salute of twenty-one guns will
be fired. They will then make a wide
circle and slowly steam back to the
man-of-war anchorage. The excursion
steamers, it is expected, will wait for
the warships to pass by and will then
follow in their wake, making a long
and picturesque procession. Every
vessel will be gay with bunting, and it
is expected that there will be more
stars and stripes afloat in the harbor
than were ever seen at one time before.
As the vessels pass Castle William a
salute will be fired. This salute will
be equivalent to an announcement
that the parade has started.
The Texas, which has been thorough
ly overhauled at the navy-yard, is
ready to join in the parade, and will
be seen at her proper place in the line.
The cruiser St. Paul will also join the
parade; so will the antique monitor
Nahant. which has been anchored in
the harbor since the war began. The
vessels in line will be the New York.
Brooklyn, Texas, Massachusetts, Ore
gon, Indiajia, lowa, St. Paul and Na
hant.
General Glllespie, commander of the
Department of the East, was ordered
yesterday to have the forts salute the
vessels and he in turn issued orders to
the officers in command at the forts.
As the day is to be a general hoMday
In this vicinity, the river front will
doubtless be crowded with sightseers.
Every spot from Avhich a view of the
procession can be obtained will be oc
cupied. There will be crowds on the
riverside drive and in the parks, where
the regulations prohibiting walking on
the grass will be suspended for the
day. At the battery there will be an
other large crowd and on the piers and
docks, where admittance can be ob
tained, there will be thousands to cheer
the returning sailors.
PRESIDENT WILL BE
THERE IN SPIRIT
Expresses Regret That He Will Ec
Unable to Participate in the
Celebration.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The following
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When Hot
Don't sweat and fret, but keep cool
and take Hood's Sarsaparilla. This
is good advice, as you will find if you
follow it. Hood's Sarsaparilla is a
first-class summer medicine, because
it is so good for the stomach, so cool-
ing to the blood, so helpful to the
whole body. Make no mistake, but
get only
HOOCIS papilla
America's Greatest Medicine.
HaaH'c Dillc act harmoniously with
nOOa S rlUSHood's Sarsaparilla, 25c.
from President McKinley was received
by Mayor Van Wyck to-day:
Hon. Robert Van Wyck, Mayor New
York City: The cordial invitation which
you have extended on behalf of the citi
zens and officials of New York for the
celebration of the 20th is deeply appre
ciated, and 1 sincerely regret that public
duties will preclude an absence from
Washington at that time. It would be
a great pleasure to unite with the people
in giving a home welcome to the officers
and men of the American fleet, who re
turn with such signal honor for them
selves and their country after a mem
orable campaign of blockade and battle,
but some future day I hope to make a
personal visit to the stations of the sol
alers sailors and marines, to show. If
only 'in a slight degree, my appreciation
of their heroic services to the nation.
I rannot be present on Saturday. I am
glad to have an opportunity of express
ing my hearty sympathy with New
York's tribute to the fleet. __ w v
WTIJ.TAM McKIXLEY.
BARK THEOBALD TURNS
UP AFTER MANY DAYS
Was Delayed by Light Winds All the
Way From This Port to Seattle.
SEATTLE, Aug. 19.— The bark Theo
bald arrived in port to-day, having left
San Francisco on July 2C in ballast. The
delay was occasioned by light winds dur
ing the entire trip, the best run being
eighty miles one day. Captain Cameron
states that for the past ten days he had j
been drifting within a few hours' sailing !
of Cape 1 .attery. He saw thirty-three
vessels while on the trip. The tirst one i
In- iveognized was the ship J. B. Brown,
seven day? apo. 250 miles off Flattery. She
left San Francisco on July 24, and was j
towed into Comax to load coal for Hono- j
U \VhilP in sight of Cape Flattery nearly j
ten days Captain Cameron spoke the j
schooner Spokane, Mary E. Russ Sal- j
vator and St. Nichola. all from San Fran- |
Cisco und a long time out. The latter |
waa hound for Comax to take on coal, i
The Salvator was thirty-three days out
and the Spokane twenty-nine days, while
the Russ left the same day as the Theo
bald. They are now in the straits.
FRESNO YOUTH
HELD FOR ARSON
Suspected of Firing the
Packing Houses.
CIRCUMSTANCES AGAINST HIM
CAUGHT IN A BURNING SHED
THAT NIGHT.
His Name Is Frank Faymonville and
He Has Frequently Been
Arrested for Petty
Offenses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 19.— Frank Faymon
ville. a youth of 20 years of age, Js
end r arrest on a charge of arson. He
was taken into custody by Fire Mar
shal Henry Russell on suspicion of hav
ing set the fire Sunday night which
wiped out the packing house reserva
tion and destroyed $300,000 worth of
property.
Faymonville was seen under very
suspicious circumstances during the
fire A blaze was found in a box fac
tory on the side of the Tenney Canning
Company. The building had caught
fire several times on the roof from
sparks from the other burning struct
ures, but those fires were easily ac
counted for. The blaze in the interior
of the box factory, however, was clear
ly incendiary- Faymonville was found
in the shed by a man named Walter
Ayres, who had been hauling freight
from the cannery. Faymonville was
employed in the box factory and pre
tended that he entered the shed to get
his hatchet. When asked about the
fire he said, "This is my fire." After
ward he tried to explain this remark.
The fire from within was started
against the back wall of the shed in a
pile of sawdust and shavings.
Faymonville denies the charge. He
also denies having made the remark
to Ayers. The young man is the son
of Mrs. Bailey K. Leach, who keeps the
Little Klondike restaurant on X street.
Faymonville, although a young man,
has been in trouble a number of times
and has been frequently arrested for
petty offenses. The officer^have had
him under surveillance since the fire,
but did not arrest him until they had
worked up the case. He was arraigned
in Recorder Clark's court to-day and
given time to plead.
ENVELOPE TRUST FORMED.
Has Several Millions of Capital and
Absorbs Many Plants.
BOSTON, Aug, 19.— The Journal to-day
says: The organization of an envelope
trust was perfected in Boston to-day. It
is the United States Envelope Company,
and has a capital of several million dol
lars including most of the envelope
plants of this country.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . _--.-_.^-^
FOR3OOO DAYS
We have been selling good goods at little prices in this town, but for two
days to come we shall break every price record ever made by any .tow any-
where Examine the goods and compare prices with wholesale or retail quo-
tations East or West. Dealers' orders honored for any reasonable quanuty.
We want the last new-comer and the oldest-timer to know where we ar*
who we are and what we are doing.
HEAVY SHOTS.
Pink beans 4c elsewhere: n0w...... -]£*
Red Cross double zinc wash boards ">;
Single zinc wash boards; best • " |
Towel rollers, the 155 kind..... ■"
Potato mashers, a popular kind *'-
15c enameled handle roll pins ■ °
Round chopping bowls, medium size »c
O. G Lap coffee mills. 40c size '■£
Side mills, to nail up. 50c size ■....■■.■■■■■•• -*£
Macaroni, yellow, per box: medium slze....isc
5 gross tins matches, best $1 "> kind $1 W
Safety matches, 5c 5ize...... ••••••••• 2c
Other parlor matches, 5c kind.. -^
Saratoga chips, fresh every day.... ....2oC
S,-h,,, P 's 10c packages fine cocoanut . £
Bixby s grand shoe or stove blacking £
A. B. commercial borax soap... "I £
Petroleum bleaching soap. So bar «
Lentils, finest California, clean. . • £
Granulated rice for chickens or folks *5
Popcorn rice: not 6c — v;:'\:""a 10c
Egg food, popular two-bit brand. ..!««
Samuels' soda water. bottles.. ; £
Fruit cans, % gallon, little rusty lc
KNORR BARGAINS.
Guaranteed to keep indefinitely: money-back
goods: economical, world-renowned In quality.
These are less than half the real price value:
Soup in packages. 6 plates to each »c
Erbswurst, H-lb 10c, 1-lb packages 20c
Julienne. H-lb «c. 1-lb packages -.2^c
Beef Capsules, beet, 3c, dozen... •'•'?£
Meals in «rl* packages; .all kinds. v-"15?
FUie for "family use. aa well aa for mlner*^ "
navigators and camper*.
RAISE RATES TO
ALASKAN PORTS
Combine of Transporta
tion Companies.
HAS NO FEAR OF OPPOSITION
CANADIAN BOATS OUT OF THE
BUSINESS.
First - Class Passage From Seattle
to Skagoiay, Dyea and Juneau
Advanced to $40, Sec
ond Class $25.
SEATTLE, Aug. 19.— Another com
bine to keep up freight and transporta
tion rates was effected to-day among
the transportation companies operating
between Seattle and L.ynn Canal, Al
aska. Each company in the com
bine has put up a certified check for
$400. The penalty for each offense is
to be $200. The list of companies who
have entered into the new agreement,
with the boats operated, is as follows:
Coast Steamship Company, operating
the steamers Al-Ki, Cottage City, City
of Topeka and Elder; Washington
Steam Navigation Company, operating
the steamer Discovery; Alaska Steam
ship Company, operating the steamship
City of Seattle; Washington and AiasK*
Steamship Company, operating the
steamer Rosalie; Seattle Steamship
Company, operating the steamer
Utopia, and the West Coast Steam
Navigation Company, operating the
steamer Farallon.
The important point, of course, is the
rates decided on. First class passage
to Skaguay, Dyea and Juneau under
the combine rule is $40; second class.
$25 Freight will be carried at $13 per
ton, horses $22 50 each, and other live
stock in proportion.
The new combine has little to fear
from Canadian boats, for Victoria and
Vancouver have practically dropped
out of the Alaskan business. The Tees
is about the only boat on the run from
those ports. She has no first-class ac
commodations and has been charging
the same rate second-class as does the
combine.
WAR TIME SCENES
WILL BE ENACTED
MIMIC WRECK OF THE MAINE
AND DEWEY'S FIGHT.
Elaborate Production on the Stage at
Central Park To-Night of
Eistorical Scenes of
the War.
W) •" California's gallant soldiers come
bacn from Manila and begin to tell their
relatives and frirtids all about the ter
rible devil dance of the natives of the
Philippine Islands, the people of this city
will know just as much about it as the
brave soldier boys. This is to be one of
the most elaborate features of the scenic
reproduction of the destruction of the
Maine and the battle of Manila, which
will have its initial presentation at < '. n
tral Park to-night. It will be a realise
picture of the life of tho natives of the
Philippines, and will illustrate life th 're
as it existed before Spanish misrule drC -c
the natives into revolt. Aguinaldo and
a horde of native sub-chiefs will be prop
erly - ortrayed as interested spectators of
this dance. Ay realistic as will be the
dance of the islanders, it will be sur
passed in thrilling interest by the repro
duction of the wreck of the Maine. With
a fearful crash, amid exploding maga
zines and bursting flames, the great,
massive ship will rise in the air to fall
back again into the waters, a tangled
mass of. twisted iron, steel and brass
Another special feature of the display will
be the reproduction of the stirring pic
ture "The Birth of the Stars and
Stripes." This will represent the plot
which led to the destruction of the Maine,
and illustrate the birth and growth of
patriotism throughout the country when
the news of that fearrul disaster was
flashed over the wires.
The interior of the forts at Cavite will
be another of tho many interesting
scenes. Sentinels will be seen on the huge
parapets. Then will come a change of
scene in which the entire bay and the
City of Manila will be shown with Dew-
U- s fieet in action. There will be burst
ing shells, monster battle-ships in mo
tion, concHidins with Dewey s victory,
displayed in magnificent California made
All material and labor used in the con
struction of this display are of home
production. The stage and drop curta a
are the larartsi ever used. The whole
«?cene is vivid in its realism, and from
the dress rehearsal last night will prove a
sensation in enacting before the people
incidents that have made history in re-
Vent months. The effect of the various
tableaux will be heightened by the inge
nuity of the persons in charge of the fire
works. _
Close Tab on Time.
BERLIN Aus. 19.— The celebrated
watchmaker Lobner of Berlin has per
fected a mechanism capable of measuring
and recording the thousandth part of *
second.
LIGHT SHOTS.
Boys' winter caps, from 50c lot to
Boys' V- hose, shaker quality 4c
Little boys' "Middy" suits. $3 50 value $150
Little boys' $3 50 Jersey suits $158
Ladies' $7 50 jackets, winter weight $3 50
Ladies $5 50 jackets, black. 32-34 $2 50
Infants' shirts to 1% years, good 5o
Scissors, 25c kind, bad order Bo
Stocking yarn, 8 colors, no black s"c
Men's or ladles' buck gloves, 7% 25c
Bicycle suits. No. 6 grade, gray, 33s $2 00
Boys' overalls with military stripe 23c
Blankets, silver gray, for beds, pair Wo
Hammocks $4, to close 25° up
■Window shades for house builders 15c
Wall paper,, Is waking the world Sc up
Remnant carpets or short lengths 25c up
Lace, wide and good, 2 to 2% inches 2c
Japanese Bilk handkerchiefs, ladles' 10c
Japanese silk handkerchiefs, men's, initial. .2oc
Chinese lanterns, large size 5o
Starch, on bargain table, 6 lbs .....15c
Pumpernickle. cheap and good Jo
Army bread, as good as made 6o
CASH STORE
,25-27 Market St., S. F.
/*.■_..';■■..■ - • ' ; . ■AS A PRISONER
(Raptured by the Guate
malan Troops.
FUGITIVE FOR SEVERAL DAYS
ILL FROM HUNGER AND OTHER
PRIVATIONS.
Jtebel Leader Expires While Being
... f Removed to San. Marcos — This
:. . Is the End of the Rev
• .. olution.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The State
department to-day received a cable
"dispatch from Minister Hunter at
.Guatemala, telling of the dramatic
di a't.h of General Morales, leader of
. the Guatemalan revolution. The dis
pa-cli is as follows:
- -GUATEMALA. Aug. IS.— Day. "Washlnfr
' ton: Ocos was occupied on the 10th by the
'.'Government forces and '.-"-i sacks of coffee
and -other valuable property saved from
destruction. This occupation v.as made
without force by Captain Feegan or the
British gunboat Leander, acting under
' the request of the British, German and
••'.United States Ministers.
•■:• Morales retreated before the national
■'.troops to the Cuchumatanes Mountains,
• : "where" he. was surrounded and captured
' Yesterday in a cave, where he had been
:fil'dln.g tor several days without food and
111 from hunger, fatigue and exposure.
- The commanding general ordered him re
: .moVed to San Marcos. Medical aid was
.= -summoned, but he died on the way at Ban
■ Sebastian last night at 11. This is the
.".end of the revolution. HUNTER.
•'; •- The tragic end of General Morales, as
reported to the State Department, is
.•but the last of the series of stirring
-•Events which have occurred in Guate
' mala ' within the last two weeks.
" Morales gathered together a good sized
.Wnd along the Mexican border and
.: made his appearance at the large town
•.of Ocos. Here he inaugurated a reign
•of terror. He seized many thousand
bags, of coffee and put them to the
'/strange use of building breastworks
• : 'f.or' his revolutionary band. Sorties
:-.;w.ere -made along the harbor front and
.^launches and other craft were burned
: nd destroyed. One of his most au
• (Jacious acts was the laying tribute
Vupoii the United States Consul and
.Other Consular officials there in the
' -"sum of $1500.
.V : •The condition of affairs has been re
:^rted to the State Department from
'time to- time, and efforts were made, in
<Vinhr.«t>. .n with the Mexican authori
ses-; : to put an end to the depredations.
There, was some delay, however, owing
■ kiS the death of the Mexican Minister's
• ■wife, and his consequent absence from
■■.AY a shin,',' ton. Ordinarily the United
. siat-- Is represented in Guatemalan
. jwaters by a warship, but owing to the
' "^ar 'with' Spain all our ships have been
. ;-!r?>fiiir>-'l elsewhere. It is for this rea
•*oni. probably, that the foreign repre
sentatives, including those of the Unit
, ; ; ed States, united in asking the aid of
'.; the' British naval commander at Ocos.
l'?!Efils has proved effective, according to
.'the' -Report just received from Minister
."Hunter, as the revolution is ended with
?Jtß£-| capture and death of General
■'.Mora
- ■"V" V PrpspertJ Morales has been a con- <
jspicuoiis figure in Central American
■ •aTTaclrji during the last three years. He
. •svwis* Minist.-r of War in the Cabinet of
■.^President Barrios, and it is said that
■JVe./used the War Office to foment the
. ■ ; i llkiri against Barrios. The latter
?<3tetected the plot and Morales fled to
.•'fiif-ex^cb, where he organized his revolu
. ;.ti.onary band. In the meantime Bar
:-;r.ios "was assassinated, being succeeded
. . .by.v .'President Ceberra.
! .Among South American officials here
.It Is said that Morales' d^ath will re
:store a -calm to Central American af
; fairs which has not existed for many
months, even years, owing to the wide
spread Influence of Morales. He was
; about 4". years old, a man of education
and .-of marked force of character.
RUSSIA COMES TO THIS
COUNTRY FOR WARSHIPS
Impressed by the Excellence of Our
Vessels, She Gives the Cramps
an Order for Five.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— A Washington
ppecial to the Herald Bays: Russia, im
■ '.pressed by the excellence of American
•'ships, has come to this country for five
formidable warships. I understand that
■ . the ' Messrs. Cramp of Philadelphia have
closed a contract with that country for
:. two battleships nnd three protected cruis
■' ■ (Tf. These battleships are to be of 12,000
' : tons and are to have a speed of eighteen
knots. They are to have all the latest
.'.improvements, including copper-sheathed
•.bottoms. The protected cruisers are to
B ..f 6600 tons displacement, and the con
•: tract calls for a speed of twenty-three
knots. These vessels will be of the Olym
■'. 'platype.
••' The battleships are to have four twelve
Bnd ten six inch guns in their main bat
teries. They will have exceptionally
nJeavy secondary batteries. The cruisers
' will have eight and s!x inch rapid-lire
jtruns in their main batteries. Russia will
use her own guns.
The vessels will be required to maintain
: the contract sneed for a period of twelve
••' ■ hoiirs, as against four hours usually pro
• vided in contracts for ships for our navy.
CUBAN EVALUATION
COMMISSION NAMED
General Parrado, Admiral Landers
and Marquis de Montoro to
Bepresent Spain.
.MADRID, Aug. 19.— The Cabinet
council to-night decided to appoint
General Gonzales Parrado, second in
command of Cuba; Rear Admiral L,uis
Pastor I^andero, who succeeded Ad
■': rr.iral Xavarro, the Spanish comman
der in Cuban waters, and Marquis de
(ontoro, Minister of Finance in the
sular Cabinet, as the commission of
■acuation for Cuba.
The Porto Rican commission has not
•t been appointed, the Government
'. awaiting an expression of the views of
: (iovfrnnr Genera] Marias, but it has
been decided that Admiral Vallaolno
shall be one of the '•'>rnrnissloners.
The peace commissioners havo not
bren nominated, hiit it is believed the
composition of the commission has
been decided upon. thoußh the names
..<.f Its members will not be published
y<t, ap tho <x<^vcrnment Is resolved to
take advantage of the delay granted
■'. by the protocol in order to avoid a
.'.Cabinet crisis.
. : Tariff Rates for Porto Rico.
••' WASHINGTON, Auk. 19.— The War De
■ rnrtmont to-day promulgated the tariff
r;itfH for Porto Rico. The rates are the
Spanish minimum tariff rates heretofore
. enforced in the island. The tobacco sched
.' ule is -the same as that for Cuba,
» Soldiers Cannot Vote in Marin.
.SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 19.— Th* District
• Attorney has decided that the sixty sol
diers from Fort Baker enrolled In the
.Great Register by Depjv-y County Clerk
A. Bylva in Eausallto cannot legally vote
in this, county at the coming election.
The cross Indicates where the Spaniards lined up their prisoners to be shot. Native Insurgents are
not granted the rights of a prisoner of War, but are shot irorrjediately after capture. This wall
shows signs of hundreds of bullets. Immediately to tf)« rear of the spot parked by the cross
Is the "linking hole" written of in my letters.
This Is the headquarters of Captain Geary of the California volunteer artillery. The WlQdoW j S one Jq
the Captain's Room.
(From a sketch by a Call staff artist.)
URGED TO BUILD
THE WATERWAY
Nicaraguan Canal Now
a Necessity.
LESSON TAUGHT BY THE WAR
OF VITAL IMPORTANCE AS A
DISTANCE REDUCER.
Eloquent Plea by Judge Grosscup for
a Policy of Expansion — Domi
nation Over Asio Our
Puture Destiny.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 19.— The
National Conference on the forpign
policy of the United States was opened ;
here to-day with an address by Henry ;
Wade Rogers of Chicago, chairman of J
the committee of arrangements. Mr.
Rogers said that the conference was j
called to consider some of the most
momentous questions in the history of
the republic.
He referred to the close friendship
between the Americans and British,
which would probab'-- lead to interna
tional arbitration and finally to uni
versal peace. The speaker spoke fa
vorably of the Nicaragua canal, which,
he argued, should be built and con
trolled by the United States Govern
ment. That canal will shorten the
distance by water to San Francisco by
. In.OOO miles. A reference to the trip of.
' the battleship Oregon elicited hearty
' applause. Mr. Rogers said that the j
principal problem before the present
i conference was that of territorial ex
pansion, on which many distinguished
men of national reputation hold widely
different views.
Commercial interests urge that we
should adopt a colonial system, said
Mr. Rogers, but business alone ought
not to control our conduct.
The question of the Nicaragua canal
was taken up and Warner Miller of
New York took the platform. He
briefly spoke of his persistent advocacy
of the canal. Events of the past three
months demanded its immediate con
struction, and he believed all Ameri
cans were now universally in favor of
I it as was also all of Europe. He spoke
of the numerous surveys made <>f
every proposed route to pierce the Isth
mus* and said the route by the way of
the Nicaragua canal has received the
i greatest consideration as being both |
feasible and desirable. He added:
■T' c canal can be built for from
$100,0 \OOO to $140,000,000, as shown by
stat'en. Nts made by experts. Is the
canal uesirable? That it would re
duce the distance between New lork
, and San Francisco 10,000 miles is alone
; a sufficient answer to the affirmative.
"The Nicaragua canal would be a
great outlet for those States on the Pa
cific Coast. The continent Is grid-
Ironed with transcontinental roads, but
these do not alone afford the advan
tages that could be secured by a canal.
It is a question of cheap transporta
tion, and the Nicaragua canal would
solve the problem. Within ten years
after Its completion the population of
the Pacific States will have increased
to 10,000,000. One of the best results
of the Spanish- American war Is that it
will compel the building of the Nic
aragua canal."
The entire morning session was de
voted to a discussion of the Nicaragua
canal.
The annexation problem was taken
up at the afternoon session. Carl
Schurz of New York spoke at length,
giving the views of the anti-expansion
ists whose cause he advocated. He
was opposed by Judge Grosscup of Chi
cago, who is an earnest expansionist.
Judge Grosscup said in part:
"I am among those who believe that
the people of the United States, with
out breach of faith to the promises of
our past or serious danger to the ex
pectations of our future, should hold
permanently all, or a portion, of the
territory that has been occupied by our
troops during the progress of the war.
I am ready to go a step farther and
assert that the obligations of cur duty
toward mankind, and especially toward
the particular peoples who have been
drawn within the sphere of our opera
tions and toward the future usefulness
of ourselves, demand that we should
permanently retain so much of these,
the captures of war, as are needed to
round out the moral purposes for which
it was inaugurated and the greater
destiny on which, as a nation, we are
about "to enter.
"The immediate question, the one
that by its solution, will either bring
us in or bar us out of this larger na
tional sphere, relates to the perma
nent occupation of our Spanish con
quests. The true question is not
whether Porto Rico, Hawaii and the
Philippines are intrinsically worth the
responsibilities incurred by their occu
pation; whether their commerce and
resources will counterbalance the new
dangers that their acquirement would
introduce into our political system. For
I see behind them, in the horizon
toward which we are heading, looming
up from the Pacific, In mountainous
THE SAX FRANCISCO CA*LIj, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, Ib9B.
GATEWAY TO FORT SAN PHILIPPI.
interest and opportunity — against
which tho outlines of the Philippines
are but a handspeck — something more
than islands, nothing cisc than a con
tinent.
"Within Asia lies the interest and op
portunity that by its largeness dwarfs
every other prospect. I favor the ac
quisition of Porto Rico, partly because
the moral purpose of this war demands
that it should no longer be a political
plague spot in the otherwise purified
Caribbean Sea, but chiefly because it
is at the gateway to the Caribbean — a
sea that when the commerce of Asia
is fully developed and the Nicaraguan
canal opened will, from both a naval
and commercial view, become the most
important water i/n the face of the
globe. 1 favor the acquisition of Ha
waii, and I favor the acquisition of the
Philippines, or so much of them as may
be needed, solely because in the new
career of commercial activity upon
which, I trust, we are a"J>out to- enter
we need clear across the Pacific a line
of naval stations and home ports; sta
tions In every sense our own, carrying
under the soil the American title and
over it the American Mag.
"I favor the retention of the Philip
pines or at least a part of them, that
they may stand as a tangible continu
ing demonstration of the physical pres
ence of the republic In Asiatic waters.
The value of these conquests is not in
their territory, nor their resources,
separately considered, but in the fact
that as an entirely they constitute a
chain precisely adapted to the expand
ed sphere in which we are to enter. I
care little for the links, individually,
but everything for the chain that will
henceforth hold us to out opportunities
in the far East."
Judge Grosseup declared that in his
judgment the most interesting and Im
portant object of our future foreign
policy was involved in the Immediate
future of Asia. The break up in the
current of Asiatic life is at hand, he
declared, and the gates are opening
upon a market the full magnitude of
which has not yet dawned upon the
world. The far-seeing statesmen of
Europe appreciate the situation, he
said, and far-s-:eelng America must soon
compass it.
In conclusion, Jude-p Grosscup de
clared that the course of the nation
was clear. If the American people are
earnest in their purpose to participate
in the development of the East, he said,
they need these islands as strategic
points, and as an integral part of the
naval force. Without a naval display,
he asserted the country can never se
cure its proper share in th>> commerce
of the East, or protect it after it is ob
tained.
A general discussion followed, partic
ipated In by Judge Orosscup, Carl
Schurz, Harry C. Garfield of Cleveland,
F. B. Thurher of New York. John W.
Couehlin of Fall River. J. Davis Duf
field of Fall River, F. S. Shack of New-
York nnd others.
William Dudley Bull of Indiana to
night made a lengthy and strong ad
dress In favor of territorial expansion.
Congressman Frederick H. Oillett of
Massachusetts made an address on the
In. morality of prize money.
REST WILL RESTORE
CAPT. CLARK'S HEALTH
Condition of the Naval Hero Not so
Serious as Has Been Believed.
ST. JOSEPH. Mich., Aug. 19.—Cap
tain Charles E. Clark commander of
the battleship Oregon, and one of the
heroes of the naval battle of Santiago,
is coming to St. Joseph to meet his wife
and daughters and seek rest and re
cuperation. He will be the guest of
his brother, Lloyd Clark, custodian of
the United States lighthouse station at
this port.
Mrs. Clark and her daughters arrived
from California a month ago and have
been anxiously waiting the close of the
war and the captain's return. He is
expected here within a few days, hav
ing arrived at New York on the
steamer St. Paul. Immediately on his
arrival he telegraphed his brother that
he was In good condition and that Jis
soon as he could get through the quar
antine restrictions he would start for
St. Joseph.
Mr. Lloyd Clark says:
"The captain's illness is not at <*11 ho
serious as might be supposed on
account of the Medical Board of Sur
vey's report. He was worn out by his
long cruise from San Francisco, his
arduous duties and tht supreme excite
ment of the battle. The strain caused
a recurrence of an intestinal trouble
which he contracted while engaged in
a survey along the South American
coast some years ago, and the doctors
recommended, as timely and wise, that
he be released from duty for a period
which would enable him to recover
completely. He was given six months'
leave of absence."
Mrs Clark's daughters, who, with
her, are counting the hours until he
arrives, are the wives of naval Lieu
tenants Robinson and Hughes, at pres
ent on duty with Admiral Dewey's fleet
at Manila.
SIX CHILDBEN DROWNED.
Cloudburst Causes Loss of Life in
Pennsylvania.
PITTSBTTRG, Aug. 19.; -A cloudburst up
Sawmill Run this morning caused a tidal
wave In the stream, endangering the Hve3
of a dozen persons. Six children are
missing and are supposed to have been
drowned. . '
Mrs. Loftus, the mother of two of the
drowned children, Is dying from the ef
fect of the shock.
There was a heavy and continuous
downpour of rain throughout Western
Pennsylvania from midnight until a
o'clock this morning, and considerable
damage was done by the overflow of
email streams, but as far as known there
.were no other casualties.
WATER FAMINE
AT SAUSALITO
Inadequate Supply for
Household Use.
NONE FOR FIGHTING FIRES
TOWN AUTHORITIES AWAKE TO
THEIR PERIL.
Making Vigorous Efforts to Relieve
the Situation — Bonds May Be
Issuea to Secure a Satisfac
tory System.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAT'S ALITO, Aug. 19.— The scarcity
of the water supply in this tjwn has
assumed a serious aspect, so much so,
it. fact, that the authorities have de
cidtd to take vigorous efforts looking
toward Immediate relief.
This decision was reached shortly
after the late fire which proved so dis-
I astrous to residents of the northern
pert of town. At that time the water
' supply soon gave out and the entire
I community would have been at tho
j mercy of the flames had it not been
! for the pumping engine of the North
ern Pacific Coast Railway. As it is
now, the water Is permitted to run
j only from 5 to 8 in the morning and be
! tween the same hourß in the afternoon.
j The Sausalito Land and Ferry Com-
I pany has been at work for som« time
1 digging extra wells and purchasing
| new engines, but to little advantage.
Now M. M. O'Shaughnessy, the San
i Francisco civil engineer, the original
engineer of Mill Valley and Belvedere.
has been selected to make a report and
give advice to the town authorities as
to the beat method of providing for a
water system that will furnish an ad
| equate supply. This move really means
: that if a feasible plan can be discov
i ered for a good system the town will
Issue bonds and own its own water
system.
JOHN JACOB ASTOK TO
SET A GRAND EXAMPLE
Will Ask to Be 'iaxed on the True
Valuation of His Enormous
Realty Holdings.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Friends of
Colonel John Jacob Astor say that he
has determined to set a grand example
to the wealthy men of the nation, and
will ask th.at he be taxed on the true
valuation of his great holdings of
realty. He is now having his stewards
prepare a statement for the purpose.of
determining what he is really worth.
He now pays $300,000 In taxes. Colonel
Astor has philanthropic schemes and
Intends to rank with Cooper and Pea
body. He will build a college and en
dow it, and proposes to establish cheap
restaurants throughout the city on the
plan of those of the Princess of Wales
In London.
CHILD FATALLY BURNED.
Was Lighting a Fire With Coal Oil
at San Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 19.— The
nine-year-old girl of J. I. Baxter of this
city was fatally burned last evening. The
child was trying to light a fire in the
kitchen stove, using kerosene to aid in
kindling It. In some unknown way the oil
ignited, exploding the can and scattering
the oil over the entire room. The mother,
hearing the screams of the little one, ran
to her rescue, and within a few moments
extinguished the flames. A physician
was called and the wounds of the little
one were dressed, but to no avail, as the
child passed away at 11:30 o'clock last
night.
BAR ASSOCIATION ADJOURNS.
Election of Officers Followed by a
Banquet in the Evening.
SARATOGA, N. T.. Aug. 19.— At tho
concluding session of the American Bar
Association to-day these officers wer«
elected: Joseph H. Choate of New
York, president; John Hinkley of Balti
more secretary, and Francis Rowle #f
Philadelphia treasurer. This evening the
annual banquet of the association wan
held at the Grand Union Hotel. Covers
were laid for 165.
NO EXTRA SESSION.
Senator Cannon Receives Positive
Assurance at Washington.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— Senator Can
non of Utah, who has been In Washing
ton since Congress adjourned, will leave
for his home in a day or two, having re
ceived positive assurance mat there will
be no extra session of the Senate this fall,
as had been for some time anticipated.
Senator Cannon believes that an extra
session will follow adjournment on
March 4.
Santa Rosa Junk Dealer's Windfall.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 19.— This afternoon
an old man named Elmer Van Buren. who
runs a small Junkstore in this city, re
ceived news that he has fallen heir to an
immense estate, valued at many thou
sands of dollars, left by a relative In the
East. A letter came unexpectedly with
jthe news.
SELLS KLONDIKE
CLAIMS ABROAD
"Padlock" Pettit's Suc
cessful Trip.
LONDON CAPITAL PLENTIFUL
HOLDINGS ON WHICH $200,000
IS REALIZED.
How the Enterprising Prospector Got
His Name — Sale of a Padlock
the Nucleus of His
Fortune. , .^ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Aug. 19.-H. C. Pettlt of
Snohomish. better known as "Padlock"
Pettit, has returned from London,
where' he sold four entire Klondike
claims and interests in eighteen others
to Englishmen for $200,000. These
claims comprise holdings on Bonanza,
Bear, Hunker and Dominion creeks,
which Pettit acquired last spring. Oth
ers are interested with him in the sale,
but a large part of the sale price named
will represent Pettit's profits on less
than two yeais' work-
En route to Dawson last fall Pettit
got stuck in the mud on the Skaguay
trail. He paid a big price to packers
and reached Dawson $200 in debt. He
sold his padlock to an old miner for
$20, and taking this hint he twice went
up the river, buying all available pad
locks of incoming Klondikers, whtrh he
sold at Dawson for $20 each, clearing
$700 by the speculation. With this he
began speculating in Klondike claims,
with the result that he came out last
spring with deeds to ail or part of the
twenty-two claims he has now sold in
London. He says there is a good de
mand for Klondike claims in England.
RETRENCHMENT IN
ARMY DEPARTMENTS
Men Discharged as Bapidly as Is
Consistent With the Good of
the Service.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.—Retrench
ment in nearly all branches of the
army is following close upon the cessa
tion of hostilities. Notably is this the
case in the ordnance, quartermaster
and engineer bureaus, where the needs
of the supplies required and the men
employed for the exigencies of war no
longer exist. It the ordnance bureau
the force at the various arsenals is to
be reduced in all cases where this can
be accomplished without detriment to
the service.
The quartermaster s department is
dispensing as rapidly as possible with
such of the transports as were char
tered and for which there is now no
necessity.
In the engineers' department the ser
vices of electricians, mechanics and
laborers engaged in the work of harbor
and river mine defense and of boatmen
employed to patrol the adjacent waters
to warn approaching craft of their
danger also are being: discharged as
rapidly as is consistent with the good
, of the service.
WARSHIPS GATHER
AT FORT MONROE
Seventy Vessels of the United States
Navy Will Rendezvous
There.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— One of the
largest fleets of warships ever as
sembled In an American port will be
brought together in the next few days
at Fort Monroe. Already fifty-seven
warships are under orders to rendez
vous there and the orders still to be
issued will raise the total to the neigh
borhood of seventy.
The movement of these ships north
ward is due to the .close of hostilities
and more particularly to the desire to
get the ships away from points of pos
sible fever Infection. They will now be
put into thorough repair and their
crews will be gradually changed from
naval militiamen to sailors of the regu
lar navy.
CONDEMNATION OF A
FRUIT PACKING HOUSE
HELD TOTALLY UNFIT FOR HU
MAN OCCUPANCY.
Inspector Dockery Orders the Over
land Company on Battery Street
to Vacate Its Premises
Within Ten Days.
The filthy condition of the Overland
Fruit Packing Company's establishment,
at 912 Battery street, discovered by Chief
Food Inspector J. P. Dockery yesterday,
caused him to give offlclU notification
that the place must be vacated and
closed within ten days.
Mr. Dockery said last night that during
the past two months of the fruit packing
season he had not met. In all the inspec
tions made, another such instance of ut
ter disregard of the laws of sanitation
and the rules that should naturally gov
ern the conduct of an industry of this
character.
"There are about 100 women, young
girls and little children there." he said,
and many of them are compelled to wear
rubber boots or shoes In the fruit paring
room. Under the plank flooring there is
an inch or more of stagnant wp'.or, which
spurts up through the cracks between the
planking, rendering the room an unfit
place for occupancy."
Mr Dockery was accompanied by Chief
Market Inspector Davis, who agrees with
him that It was the worst case that has
come under the observation of the Health
Office this season. Mr. Davis, assisted by
Inspector Rivers, also condemned yester
day four tons of fish and GOO pounds of
hams at the Clay Street Market, and 200 i)
pounds of salt pork at the Washington
street wharf.
Charged With Burglary.
Eugene Terrier was arrested for burg
lary last evening by Officers Dillon and
Whittle at a saloon at 10<J Steuart street.
The saloon had been closed by the Sheriff,
and the lock put on by one of the depu
ties had been wrenched off. Terrier was
found in the place, and the lock, with
keys to the saloon, found in his posses
sion were booked as evidence against
him.
New Furnace Company.
Tho Economy Smokeless Furnace
Company Incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of JfiOOO, all of which has
been subscribed. The directors are John
L. Howard, Harry E. Richards, Adam
Heberer, J. G. Whittlngton and Doug
las R. Wilson.
Funeral of Thomas Jewett.
The funeral of Thomas M. Jewett, late
clerk of the United States District At
torney's office, was held yesterday from
the Church of Nuestra Senora de Guada
lupe in this city. The Interment was
,prlvate. . j
ADVEBTISEMENTS. >•
•' • ■ ■ . ■ ■ ■
V^^^HBL^ £m Bw >w|LjH I Jm Till !»-<
Buys an extraordinarily
good suit of
clothes.
*
Appreciating the fact that this particular line
of suits is proving one of the most popular offerings
we have ever called attention to, we continue it for
the rest of the week.
Stylish and perfectly tailored in Cassimere and
fancy Cheviots or Worsteds, and in the best selec-
tions of the popular colorings, these suits offered are
worth every cent of $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00. But
at the uniform price- of $9.95, that they have been
reduced to, they are certainly a wonderful bargain,
and should tempt you.
We have gathered together a lim-
ited number of $4.00 and $4.50 Trou-
sers and reduced them to $2.45 — a
(F/^ i- splendid bargain, any one of them.
Jp 1 A \ They are of seasonable, handsome new
Ld^tV patterned striped worsteds— trousers
that will give you in wear many
times their positively guaran-
teed to fit you.
S N WOOD & CO
718 Market Street, S. F.
A salesman who travels for a Bridgeport, Conn., factory report* i
that he has always been subject to colds caught from exposure in
drafty places. " I used to muffle myself up no end," he says, " and yel
my head and throat were continually stuffed up and I was hoarse as a
crow. I was watting at Plainfield Junction for a train one day and
«ct a man who gave me a
Ripans Tabule
arid said he guessed that would cure my cold, and it did. Since then,*
he says, " I always * keep the TABULES by me and take one at th« -
£rst sneeze. If Ido this the cold seldoms get any farther."
— i — ■ .
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S G^ at
fiSL Museum of Anatomy
|P|«\ SCSI JUB2ET ST. bet. 6th 4 7th, S. F. OaJ.
a Jr« The Largef.toMtsfctodlnth.s WorlJ-
St^l\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Contalu:t»n free. Write for Hook
M> I Philosophy of Marriage.
h v mailed rare.
DR.M9NDLTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i- • Special ist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of it en, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dal!y;6:3otoS:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, oraddxeaa
. I>.r. P. ROSCOE BIcXUIiTY,
2«. ; kearny St., Man Francisco, Cal.
•^gVDEWiEY,SrRONG&cd^gS: '
•^3^330 MARKET ST. SJv^SSS'
84
PARDEE AND
GAGE LEAD
THE RACE
But Other Candidates
Are Still Entered,
FLINT IS THE THIRD CHOICE
MOST PECULIAE CAMPAIGN IN
THE PARTY'S HISTORY.
Republicans Anxiously "Watching
the San Francisco Delegation,
Men Mentioned for Minor
Places.
Around the Palace Hotel corridors and
the headquarters of the Republican State
Central Committee the general opinion Is
thai the contest for the Republican nomi
nation for Governor has narrowed down
to two men— Dr. George C. Pardee of Oak
land and Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles.
Still there are others in the race, and
while they have not opened headquarters
jr. this city they are making every effort
to secure the support of delegates from
the country districts. Thomas R. Flint
DR. PARDEE FEELS A DELEGATE'S PULSE.
Jr. nf San Luis Obispo is now given third j
; by the wise ones. Besides these
gentlemen, Attorney Charles S. Patton,
ley-General W. P. Fitzgerald, ex-
Secretary of State L. H. Brown, General
John H. Dickinson anil M. M. Estee are I
mentioned as possibilities. A week ago
Irving M. Scott and W. R. Davis were
considered as probable candidates for the
nomination fur Governor, but their names
arc not now included in the list kept by
the politicians.
Ind Gage as a trainer or campaign
doctor is ex-HarK r Commissioner
Charles Bassett. When it was whispered
around the court and recesses of the Pal
; a a new comer, not of the south
land, was directing affairs in a confiden
tial way at the headquarters of the Los
s candidate , there was a break to j
find out something regarding the recruit. j
Presently the story ran around that "Old
Pard" Bassett, an anti-monopoly con- j
tributor to the Daily Report, had joined
the column of Gagers. Charley Bassett
is not "Old Pard" Bassett by a long shot,
but he is an old timer in the political
arena, having served on the Republican
State Central Committee. The distinction
is frequently applied to Bassett of having
discovered H. H. Karkham. It is true
that while nearly all the San Francisco
were talking W. W. Morrow
lor Governor, Bassett was going around
in a solemn, owlish fashion, telling people
that there was a man in the south named
Markham, who had served in Congress
and who was available. In the campaign
at Sacramento resulting in the nomina
tion of Markham Bassi tt gained local re
nown as the picker of gubernatorial win
i.. is. Burns and Bassett, who were the
promoters of Markham 's candidacy, are
Bald to be fairly in line for Gage. Jesse
Marks and Leon Deimery were callers at
Gage h< adquarters last evening and spoke
iraglnk words to the candidate.
Joseph ( amplicil -aid a visit to the
leading candidates last evening. Mr.
Campbell, who was formerly from San
Joaquin County, is now a resident of San
Francisco and a delegate to the State
convention from the Forty-first District.
He has rendered his party splendid serv
ice on the stump and will no doubt re
ceive cheering recognition in the conven
tion.
]>r. Pardee had his share of visitors at
I uarters ktst evening, and greeted
all comers in a frank and cordial man
ner. The do< tor is a good campaigner.
Little trifles aii'l disappointments do not
wear on him. If the delegates come to
him he will greet them, but if they do not
come he will not die of grief. Pardee's
friends are very confident of success.
Lou Brown, one of the candidates for
the head of the ticket, came down from
Sacramento last night and registered at
the Palace. Ho has no intention of open
ing headquarters, but will be on the
ground to shake hands with delegates
from the country. Mr. Brown's friends
claim that the San Francisco delegation
will not be a unit for any candidate and
that their man has an equal show with
his opponents.
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Benlto Is at the
Palace. He said last night that there had
been no change so far as his prospects
were concerned. No defections had been
reported to him. He was satisfied with
the campaign and the outlook.
Diligent inquiry falls to show that any
candidate has expressed a preference for
presiding officer of the convention. San
Joaquin County will cast its nineteen
Votes for Levynsky for chairman.
No campaign in the history of the Re
publloan party of California had the pe
culiar phases attending thf» contest. In
the first place, there has not so far been
any attempt to arrange a slate. The bosa
element seems to be entirely obliterated
and every aspirant for a position on the
ticket is personally conducting his own
fight. The usual method is for a candidate
to announce his willingness to accept a
place on the ticket ana tnen leave the
■work of getting there to some astute po
litical manager.
For the first time in many years the
Ban Francisco delegation is an unknown
quantity. Th«? Republicans of this city
apparently hnve no desire to name any
man on the State ticket. This is not ln
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
difference on the port of our Republican
citizens, either, which was evidenced by
the large vote polled at the primaries
Thursday. The voters of the party are
satisfied that bossism, so far as the Re
publicans are concerned, is a thing of the
past, and tn<"- are willing to leave the
selection of the candidates to the dele
gates who have been chosen to represent
the party in the State convention. San
Francisco has 186 votes in the convention,
and the several candidates for office are
just now endeavoring to secure pledges
from the individual members of the dele
gation. It has not as yet been decided
whether the delegation will vote as a
unit on the floor of the convention.
The fight for first place on the State
ticket remains unchanged, and in all prob
ability the presnt conditions will con
tinue until the balloting begins. The
Gage forces are confident, and Pardee s
spokesmen declare that their fight is very
bright and that they are satisfied with
the outlook. Delegates and visitors from
the southern part of the State say that
all the counties in that section are solid
for Henry T. Gage, and that he will go
to Sacramento with over 200 pledged
votes.
Dr. Pardee's workers are happy and
cheerful. They declare with great sin
cerity that Gage's cinch on the south is
not a lead pipe, and that the doctor has
already won a number of delegates from
the candidate from the sunland. The
Pardeeites further allege that the fight is
just openinr. and that it will develop into
a battle for supremacy betwen the coun
try delegates and T the Dan Burns ele
ment, which they assert controls this city.
One of Pardee's chief lieutenants said
yesterday that the man who received
Dan Burns' indorsement would be beaten
to death; that the country would not
stand fur another Burns candidate.
The Alamedans believe their alphabeti
cal position on the list of counties gives
them a distinct advantage. They think
the outside delegates will follow them
In the fight against San Francisco and
the south, should such a combination
be formed this week.
So far only two candidates for the po
sition of Lieutenant Governor have ap
peared. They are T. H. Selvage of Hum
boldt and ex-Senator Frank McGowan of
this city, formerly of Humboldt County.
The Humboldt County delegation is sol
id for Selvage, and will, it is said, trade
with the head of the ticket if Selvage is
guaranteed second place. The county
has seventeen delegates, and will vote
as a unit. Senator McGowan depends on
his record in the Legislature to secure
the support of the convention.
Two names are mentioned as candi- ]
dates for Secretary of State, County
Clerk Charles F. Curry and Paul P. Aus- j
tin of San Jose. Curry depends on the j
San Francisco delegation to get there, |
and Austin, who is one of Jim Rea's
men, will look to his boss to pull him
through.
For Controller E. P. Colgan, incumbent, |
will have no opposition.
Truman Reeves of San Bernardino and j
Robert Nixon of Yreka are the only can- j
didates in the field for State Treasurer, j
There are two applicants for the At- j
tomey-General's billet. They are Tirey
L. Ford, the well-known attorney of this
city, and W. R. Guy of San Diego. Like
nil the other contests it is an even break
for the two candidates.
Surveyor-General M. J. Wright is as
sured of a renomination by the Repub
licans without opposition.
For Clerk of the Supreme Court there
are several candidates. They are: G. W.
Root, chief wharfinger, of this city; E.
I. Sheehan, Louis H. Jacobs, ex-Deputy
County Treasurer of this city; W. H.
Reynolds, Deputy County Clerk, San
Francisco, and T. H. Ward, who now
holds the position.
The nomination for Superintendent of
Puollc Instruction is sought by S. T.
Black, incumbent, and J. T. Kirk, Super
intendent of Schools in Fresno County.
A. J. Johnson will have no opposition for
a nnomination as State Printer.
Next to the nomination for Governor,
the liveliest fight for a place is among the
candidates for Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court Able jurists from all sec
tions of the State aspire to the honor of
holding a seat in the highest tribunal of
the commonwealth. Those who have an
nounced their candidacies art-: Justices
T B M'^Farland and W. C. Van Fleet (in
cumbents), Superior Judge F. M. Angel- ;
lotti of Marin County, Judge B. T. Wil- I
Hams of Ventura. Judge Edward Sweeney i
i of Shasta, Judge J. F. Ellison of Tehama,
Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano, i
i John C. Gray of Butte, Judge W. H. Clark j
i of Los Angeles.
Three candidates for Railroad Commis
sioner from the First District are now at
work among the delegates. They are: ML
C Ed*on of Siskiyou and W illiam Beck
man and George Clark of Sacramento.
In the Second District H. D. Byrnes Is the
only candidate mentioned. In the Third
District William R. Clark, a member of
the present board, of Stockton, and N.
Blackstock of Ventura are the candidates.
Candidates for the Board of Equaliza
tion are: First District— George Dixon of
San Francisco. Second District-!.. C.
Morebouse (Incumbent) of Alameda
County Alexander Brown of Calaveras
i and James M. Stow of Contra Costa.
' Third District-Carl Briggs of Shasta.
! Fourth District— George Arnold (incum- ;
. bent) of Los Angeles and Frank Mattison j
° Th^re are no-new elements in the local |
Congressional fight. In the Fourth District j
Julius Kahn and H. G. W. Dinkelspiel
HENRY T. GAGE EXTENDS THE GLAD HAND.
are the only contestants for the Republi
can nomination. So far as Ttnnwn, neither
has an advantage. In the Fifth District
State Senator E. I. Wolfe Is after the
nomination, but Congressman E. F. Loud
desires to return to Washington, and ho
will give Wolfe a hard fight.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee headquarters, which will be located in
the Golden Eagle Hotel, at Sacramento,
will be open Monday morning. All the
preliminary work for the convention has
been done, the rollcall will be complete
and printed In time for the opening ses
sion Tuesday morning; there will be no
delay in organizing and disposing of the
work for which the delegates were elect
ed. The convention will h£ the largest In
the history of the party. Unusual inter
est is manifested by Republicans from
every section, and the number of callers
at the headquarters In the Palace far ex
ceeds any previous campaign.
C< invention arrangements are all com
pleted. The committee in charge of the
pavilion at Sacramento will see that
every comfort is provided for the dele
gates. The decorations whtcn were put
up for the Democrats are to be changed,
but the arrangement of the seats will not
be disturbed. Frank D. Ryan of Sacra
mento has charge of the convention pre
■liminaries, and he reports everything in
readings for the delegates. Ryan will be
the secretary of the convention, and John
Stafford will be eergeant-at-armn.
The hegira to the Capital City will be
gin Sunday afternoon. Major McLaugh
lln and Secretary Higgins, accompanied
by several members of the State Central
Committee, will go up on the evening
train. The headquarters of the guber
natorial candidates at the Palace will also
close Sunday and the rival camps will
pull up stakes and depart for the battle
ground.
Congressman Loud spent several hours
at the central committee headquarters
yesterday. He is satisfied with the con
dition of his fight for renomination.
t IyiQ of "Bo£3" Bea's lieutenants,. Joba
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
McKenzie and O. A. Hale, came up from
San Jose and consulted with delegates
from the city and country. They would
not divulge their boss' plans. Both
declared the Santa Clara delegation is un
pledged and free to act as individuals.
The Call stated yesterday that Edward
I. Sheehan was a candidate for Secretary
of State, which was an error. Mr. Bhee
han desires the nomination for Clerk of
the Supreme Court.
Thomas V. Cator, sorehead Populist,
went into the Pardee and Gage camps
yesterday and announced that he Is out
to beat Maguire. He said to Major Mc-
Laughlin: "You Republicans put up a
strong man and I am with you." Thomas
V. is a Mlddle-Roadcr.
T G Daniells. editor of the Alameda
Argus, came over to see how Pardee s
fight Is looking. Mr. Daniells is out for
Pardee and thinks he Is the strongest
candidate for the nomination and that he
will be the choice of the convention.
Justice McFarland of the Supreme Court
consulted with the party leaders ana
visited the rival gubernatorial camps.
Justice Van Fleet also called on the
party managers. _,
Among the other prominent Republi
cans about the Palace yesterday were
Judge Henshaw, ex-Senator Guy Earl of
Alameda, Senator Perkins, M. H. de
Young, L. A. Mosher of the Los Angeles
Times, W. H. L. Barnes, Judga W. W.
Morrow, Judge Charles Slack, T. G.
Phelps Robert Nixon Jr., Assemblyman
Sham of Del Norte, M. M. Estee, Charles
Belshaw Assemblyman of Contra Costa;
Thomas O'Brien. Fred W. Lees, Senator
W. R. Guy of San Diego, Senator Bulla
of Los Angeles, C. S. Young, M. C. Chap
man, ex-Mayor of Oakland; Judge S. P.
Hall of Alameda; John Mitchell, Super
visor of Oakland; United States Marshal
Shine, Judge Angellotti of San Rafael,
Charles Pierce of Oakland, Captain J. H.
Bennett, C. O. Hale. Leon Dennery As
semblyman Frank Leavitt of Oakland, H.
H. North. Major R. E. Whitefleld, A. P.
Leach, Cal Ewing. Assemblyman J. \V .
Clark of Niles, "Billy" Friend Edwin
Shanklin, Felton Taylor, Frank Barnett,
Judge R. B. Carpenter.
BIGGY PBEPABED TO FIGHT.
Will Not Allow the Election Commis
sioners to Interfere in His
Office Work.
The clash between Registrar Biggy and
the Board of Election Commissioners was
j the principal topic of conversation around
j the city buildings yesterday. A number
I of men who claim to have some political
| influence and who are out of employment
I called on various members of the board
and solicited jobs as canvassers to purge
the registration books. The fact that
I Biggy had declared that he would not
! have any appointees of the board to act
j as purgers apparently had no effect in
! dampening the ardor of these office seek
| ers. It was currently rumored that the
j Commissioners would find temporary
places for about firty men. The Commis
sioners themselves— that is, the' ones ar
rayed against Biggy did nothing to con
tradict the rumor. Instead, they helped
it along. At> for Biggy, he was closeted
most of the day, hunting up law to sus
tain his position against the Commis
i sioners.
"If the board goes ahead next Monday
morning." said Registrar Biggy. "and ap
points men to make the canvass of the
city to purge the register, I shall refuse
to "recognize them. They can do nothing,
as I will furnish no data upon which they
can work. The records of the office will
not be surrendered to the board."
Silver Republicans.
The administration committee of the
Silver Republican party has abandoned
the idea of holding a reception at the Cal
ifornia Hotel this evening, as planned at
Sacramento earlier in the week. The
change of plan was deemed advisable on
account of the protracted convention ai
Sacramento, which made it necessar- for
a majority of the members of the com
mittee to hasten to Los Afigeles to com
plete arrangements for the holding of the
Silver Republican State convention to be
held in Los Angeles Saturday. August 27.
Judge Maguire will address the conven
tion and will be entertained during his
visit in Los Angeles by the Silver Repub
lican Club of that city.
Local Candidates.
John R. Daniels, a young attorney of
this city, will be a candidate for mem
ber of the Assembly *—<m the Forty-sec
ond District on the Republican ticket.
iM., V. Coffey of the Citizens' Republican
committee expects to receive the Republi
can nomination for Senator from the
Nineteenth District. J. J. McCarthy is a
candidate for the Assembly from the
Forty-second.
Supervisor Smith is announced as a can
di. ]:<te for Sheriff on the Republican
ticket Ed Head is also after the job.
Dr. Lustig and Dr. J. P. Conran art- said
to be aspirants to succeed Dr. Hawkins
as Coroner.
SILVER MEN OF NEVADA.
All Eager for Office and a Hot Con
vention Is Promised.
RENO, New, Aup. 19.— The Silver party
convention of Nevada that meets on Sep
tember 9 at Reno promises to be a red
hot gathering from start to finish. From
present indications Newlands will have
no opposition for Congress, although
there are several statesmen who think
they could fill his place. Governor Sad
ler is a candidate to succeed himself and
his announced competitors are Lem Al
len of Churchill County and Evan "Wil
liams of Ormsby County. While Allen
Is a good second, knowing ones believe
that Sadler holds the top hand for the
nomination. His entertainment of "Pup"
Corbett and Fitzsimmons and the riff
raff that followed them here two years
ago will count against him at the polls
in November, and it is said by many that
if the Republicans nominate a good man
Sadler will be easy to defeat.
Senator Stewart Is swinging round
the circle, fixing up his fences and work
ing as if he expected a bakers' dozen of
candidates to present themselves, but is
breathing somewhat easier since New
lands got out of his way.
It is thought by a good many knowing
ones that A. C. Cleveland of White Pine
County is in training for Senatorial hon
ors while others say his name will be
placed before the Silver convention for
Governor and that he will distance all
comers. At all events, the party bosses
are anticipating a hot time at the con
vention. . . ._ . _
Silver primaries are to be held at was
hoe and other western counties to-mor
row. There will be at least three sets of
delegates run in this county.
BLOODSHED FEARED AT PANA.
Operators Threaten to Import Col
ored Non-Union MineTS.
PANA, 111.. Aug. 19.— Sheriff Coburn ar
rived from Taylorsville to-day and posted
all over the city the criminal code regard
ing the assembling of miners, intimida
tion etc He also swore in a large force
of extra deputy Sheriffs to guard the
negro laborers, who will be brought here
from the South on Sunday, It Is said, and
nut to work at the Sprlngside mine Mon
day Many deputies have, however, re
fused to serve, and the Sheriff will likely
have to go out of the city to secure
enough force. In case of the importation
of non-union miners, the city, it is said,
will be flooded with miners from the Dan
ville and Springfield districts, and the
citizens fear that bloodshed and death can
hardly be averted. The situation bears
the most serious aspect of any la Pana
mining history.
TURKEY PAYS ARREARS.
Settlement of All Bills to fc'all Due in
a Period of Five Years.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. Id. — The
question of payment of the arrears of
the indemnity by Turkey to Russia,
amounting to £900,000, has been settled,
and the Porte has handed to the Rus
sian Embassador the bills that will fall
due to a period extending over five
years.
A Deserted Baby Boy.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— A healthy boy
baby, about five days old, was left on
the doorstep of the house of John
Gushing, at Franklin and Four
teenth streets, to-night Its cloth
ing is luxurious, but contains no
clew as to the little one's identity. The
baby was taken to the West Oakland
Home.
Sent to Jail for Dynamiting Trout.
UKIAH. Aug. 19.— Pour Italians who
were arrested yesterday on complaint of
Alfred Lamotte on a charge of having
dynamited trout In Russian River were
found guilty and sentenced to one hundred
days each In jail by Judge Manuoo.
DELEGATES
MUST NOW
EXPLAIN
Trouble Ahead for the
Programmers.
THE EXAMINER DENOUNCED
THE LOS ANGELES CONTINGENT
AND ITS SPOIL.
Convention Aftermath That Is the
Straw Indicating the Direction
of Coming Political
Breezes.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 19.— The last of the dele
gates to the Democratic State conven
tion have shaken the dust of Sacra
mento from their feet. Many of then
left this morning, but a few reinaine
as late as 5 o'clock this afternooi
Among these were James G. Maguirt.
the Democratic nominee for Governoi
United States Senator Stephen M
White, William H. Alford and som
who may be referred to as lesser lights
of the late galaxy of Democratic stars.
Almost tho sole topic of conversation
among the departing delegates is the
circumstances connected with the lu
tile attempt of the Examiner, aided by
Gavin McNab and Mayor Pheian, to
Ie Judge James V. Coffey on the
■ention as the nominee for Asso
; Justice of the Supreme Court. In
g so the combination attempted to
at Judge William M. Conley of Ma
dera by methods that were so disrep
utable as to call forth the most sever
criticism. The part taken by the Lo
Angeles and San Francisco delegation
in the disreputable proceeding is con
Bldered particularly worthy of cou
demnation. The Los Angeles men, com
posed largely of railroad politicians an
corporation dummies, came to the con
vention under an agreement to vote a
a unit on all propositions. The delega
tion was composed of eighty-one mem
bers it caucused eighty-one times
made eighty-one personal enemies an
went home this morning with spoi
consisting of one Populist nominee Vt
Lieutenant Governor, one bilver *.c
publican nominee for Attorney Genera
and one Populist nominee for Railroa
limissioner. Considering the tat
these men had already been norn
id, as long ago as the middle (
r, by the Pinto-Populist conventio
er the fusion agreement it seem
lly necessary to press the Iron
jer into the souls of the unified del
:es from the southern metropolis.
this was the sum of the misdoings
of the Los Angeles delegation its mem
bers would no doubt be comparatively
happy. As it is, they are trying to find
means of explaining away a long 1 st
of broken promises and obligations dis
regarded, to say nothing of their ac
pure Reformers who do the bidding of
the Examiner's political bureau. To be
gin with they entered into a solem
obligation to vote for Judere Hughe
of San Diego for Associate Justice o
the Supreme Court, first, last and a
the time. With this in mind they en
tered into an agreement with Gavi
McNab, Mayor Pheian and the Ex
aminer, the understanding being tha
the delegation would vote to seat th
McNab delegation as against the Ha
ney delegation, providing the McNa
delegation would vote for the nomina
tion of Judge Hughes. The Los An
geles delegation carried out their pa
of the agreement, but the San Francis
co crowd, acting under orders from i
bosses, declined to have anything t
do with Judge Hughes. The railroa
push from the south then held som
more caucuses and decided to thro
Hughes overboard and plump for Co
fey. This decision was not arrived a
until almost every member of the de
egation had been buttonholed by th
Examiner bosses and some of th
more conscientious members influ
enced by the insinuation that the rai
road was trying to secure the nomina
tion for Judge Conley.
It so happened, fortunately for th
reputation of the convention, that th
raw work of Mayor Pheian, McNa
and the others made apparent the kin
of job they were engaged in workin
and the result was that tho country
delegation and secured the
nomination for Conley by an over
whelming majority. One incident that
is receiving a great deal of condem
nation to-day was the action of Mayor
Pheian in announcing, on the last roll
call, the vote of the San Francisco del
egation as being 153 for Coffey and 1
for Conley. Eleven members of the
delegation jumped to their feet and
announced that their votes were for
Conley and not for Coffey. The inci
dent is looked upon as one of the most
disgraceful acts of the whole disgrace
ful proceeding.
Another circumstance that has
created a great amount of unfavorable
comment to-day was the attempt on
the part of the Examiner to deceive the
public in the matter of the nominee for
member on the State Board of Equal
ization for the Third District. The
Third District convention met here yes
terday and nominated Richard H. Bea
mer of Woodland by acclamation, con
trary to the wishes of the Examiner
politicians. This morning the paper
publishes what purports to be a list of
the nominees of the convention, and
for the Third Equalization District
gives the name of George Thresher of
Butte as the nominee. Thresher was
the fusion nominee for the position, but
was repudiated by the district conven
tion. The Democrats of the district are
indignant, and others from all parts
of the State, among them being many
who allowed themselves to be made
tools of the Examiner politicians, de
clare that such a bare-face«l attempt
to deceive the public was uncalled for
and unwise. On top of all this the paper
has declared in flaring headlines that
all of the men who were nominated
contrary to the wishes of the Examiner
secured their nominations by reason of
the influence of the Southern Pacific
Company. As it is true that the same
men who nominated Ma?uire for Gov
ernor also nominated the others who
are so obnoxious to the Examiner, then
it must be also true that Maguire was
nominated by reason of railroad in-
fluence.
From what was to be seen and heard
here to-day and durine the closing
hours of the convention, there is every
pood reason to believe that explanations
will be the order of the day for some
time to come. The few delegates who
have nothinp to explain will no doubt
await with interest the news of the ar
rival home of the Los Anpeles delega
tion laden with the spoils of its eighty
one caucuses.
Sonoma Populists Indorse Maguire.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 19.— T0-day the So
noma County Populist Convention was
held here. Maguire was indorsed, also
the Democratic selections for the other
offices. No counts ticket was nominated.
/The proceedings were very, interesting, |
"BOSS" REA
WILL BOOST
PAUL AUSTIN
Santa Clara Delega
tion on the Market.
TO BE HAWKED AND TRADED
BIG JIM WILL SACRIFICE
EVERYTHING FOR HIS MAN*
Curry's Opponent for Nomination, for
Secretary of State Has 33
." Votes to Start
With. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— Paul T. Austin,
Rea's candidate for Secretary of State,
left this afternoon for Sacramento.
Headquarters will be established in the
Capital Hotel, and he will begin hl3
fight for the place. Boss Rea, John
and Andy Mackenzie and other follow
ers of the gang will go to Sacramento
Monday morning.
Everything will be sacrificed to land
Austin, and the vote of the Santa
Clara delegation will be hawked about
from one gubernatorial candidate to
another. "Jim" Rea says Austin must
get the nomination for Secretary of
State, and he imagines he is sacrific
ing himself In only asking for this
one office. The Rea delegates to the
State convention voted yesterday to
work for Austin for the office. This
will give him 33 votes to start with,
and it is by trading these that Rea
hopes to make a respectable showing
for his man.
Austin has been very successful in
politics but outside of the gang is not
very popular. It is doubtful whether
he can carry Santa Clara County. At
present he is manager of the Security
Savings Rank and a member of the
Board^ of Supervisors. Austin was
also Mayor of the city at one time.
He is a devout gang man and has al
ways done Rea's bidding. Before he
entered upon his political career Aus
tin was in the real estate business. In
this jie was a failure, as $30,000 worth
of unsatisfied judgments in the Re
corder's office will show.
The contesting delegation from the
Good Government League are especial
ly active now and will also go to Sac
ramento early in the week.
The Silver Republicans of Santa
Clara County have named the follow
ing delegates to the State convention
of that party, to be held at Los An
geles August 27: William P. Squire
(at large). Captain W. M. Morse, Dr.
G F Nevtns D. C. Bailey, John Brit
ton Dr. G. J. Fowler. H. T. Wallace,
J C Black, Dr. L. P. Swift, Captain
A. Ransom, W. W. Turney, C. L. Ken
nedy. B. R. Mlnnis, F. M. Eley and
R. B. Donovan.
CRY OF FRAUD AT FRESNO.
Democrats and Populists Excited
Over the Registration.
FRESNO, Aug. 19.— William Guard and
G. P. Cummings of the Democratic and
Populist fusion committee appointed to
examine registration, to-day made a de
mand upon County Clerk Truman G. Hart
to be allowed to see the affidavits of
registration in order to investigate the
registration. This was refused by the
Clerk as the papers hrul not been assort
ed and the Clerk claimed that the law
required him to assort them into precinct
packages first.
The Democrats and Ponulists are very
much excited over the matter and threat
ened to bring mandamus proceedings
against the Clerk. The Kepubltcanftfalso
desired to examine the registration cer
tificates, but they submitted to the rul
ing of the Clerk, which they regard as
proper. Each party had registration
clerks appointed by the Clerk, and there
are open charges made on both sides of
fraud in registration done by these clerks.
' - -HI y
That is what information about
"Hudyan" is. It is absolutely . free.
"Hudyan" is the remedy for weak
men. "Hudyan" has made thousands
upon thousands of weak men feel that
there was still pleasure in life. Men
who were : run down, men who had
been foolish, men who had little vi-
tality and those who were wasting
away. "Hudyan' success is that it
rep/aces lost vigor; it builds up the
system permanently. If you mill send
to the Institate even a mere postal
card all the proof that you , can want
in the world as to its power and its
grand list of cures will be sent you
for nothing. If you are ill in any
other way you can get the best medi-
cal advice in the »ho/c of the Union
by simply stating your ailment Send
for the free circulars, or send for the
free advice. Never mind how wrongly
you have treated nature. "Hudyan"
will restore your vim and power.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS ST3.,
6«n Fran;iavO»-Cal. ;..,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§| Columfctts discovered America I x
© I have discovered BATTLE AX I W
% There Is a satisfied— glad IWe got it-— expfessioa on :•£. 1 1
jK- the faces of all who discover the rich quality of . |
f , - PLUG -am i f I
© It is an admirable chew fit for an Admiral. IP
© In no other way can you get as large a piece of as good X
© tobacco — for JO cents. ? j|r
§ . ' Iv when you buy again, |
WOODBT'RY'S Facial Soap is recommended
by physicians, being pure, antiseptic, medici-
nal. It will clear the skin of Pimples, Black-
heads and eruptions of any nature. Use WOOD-
BI'RY'S Toilet Combination for the skin and
complexion. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West
Forty-second St., New York.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE- —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-^OP THE— . '
PRUSSIAN NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STETTIN. PRUSSIA, ON THE SIST
day of December. A. D. 1597,. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company ■ $800 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 660.65 a 50
Cash in company's office... 55<) 34
Cash in banks 1^,867 ys
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans .B>si?. 8>5 i? £«
Premiums in due course of collection 94,6.2 SO
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 86 15
Due from other companies for rein- :
surance on losses already paid 3.R.T0 IS
Total assets —..« $782,443
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......... $5,977 00
Losses In process of adjustment or _ _
In suspense 41,8.9 94
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 8,466 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $326,603 37: j
reinsurance 50 per cent 163,304 69
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
• ning more than one year, $321, 08;
reinsurance pro rata .... 161,635 02
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent .. 1,807 77
All other demands against the com- ■
pany 34.297 15
Total liabilities $413,817 57
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $423,193 44
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 7,801
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources £5,082 50
Received for rents ...» 60 50
Received from all other sources.. 387 50
Total Income _-. $456,615 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses  $216,056 00
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 10,064 24 !
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 90,459 24 j
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 83,321 95 !
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 12.042 64
All other, payments and expenditures 61,832 24
-' Total expenditures $413,776 31
Losses Incurred during the year $226,214 6S
Risks and Premium*. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ri«ks
written during the year $43,400,436 $548,661 IB
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 88,204,945 484.157
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897 52,124,012 648.007 45
Marine I
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks .
written during the year $1,152,068 $11,199 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 1.183,997 11,597 12
Net amount in force De- v» <■•
cember 31. 1897 67,650 3,307 77
THEODORE W. LETTON. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January, 1898. SIMEON W. KING.
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
W. LOAIZA~& COMPANY,
Managers,
216 SANSOMB STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.'
Telephone 1597.
J. A. PRINSEN, Special Agent.
MADE ME A MAN!
ffl -» it ory. lmpotencA Sleeplessness, etc* caused
I? • f by Abaso orother Xxcesses and Indir
ory. Impotenc/. Sleepl<M»nesB. etc^ c^ged ;
.JSffl ( by Abuse or other Eicessea and Indir ,
orations? fiev quickly ,*»* aurelu
\*&f restore Lost Vitality in old or young, anS
k.Bt» man f study, business or marriage,
•^SSEsiEfr Prevent Inanity and Consumption ll
takfin SUme. Their tap shows immediate improve-
i jnentand effects a CTRE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genaine Ajax Tablets. Ther
havecurodthousandsand will cure We give a poa- ;
ltive written gnaranue to effect a cure en nYJ2 la
each case or refund -he money. PnoeW 'LVT 1 VS r i
package; or six pkpes (full treatment* for *2.60. By
mail, in plain wrap«?r. apon receipt of price Circular
'"••AJAX REMEDY CO., * 99 c £2£Ti?'
For .ale to tea F«*?o}JF «*? 0}J « T >s y J? l £? l *L^ I Sfe
m Butter. wo-/«v««m« ttamwy. HI mhj
PCMeheatci'* English Dl*»«od Brand. '"-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^Jt^K Original and Only Genuine. A.
j- j/VttTK safe, ilwayi reliable. t»oico ut /I\
f' J S\ &slil Draugiit tar'i^ticheittrt .Sny'u* D(o/f\X
fiS^4»'Wes\nwn d Brand in Red and Gold me«aUic\\Sr
EV — OCnboxes. ae&led with blue ribbon. Take VBT
tS>\ ®>* *?i^!no other. Refute dangtrou* rui«tilu- V
I"/ — flf Horn and imitation*. At Draggiiti, or«cd €•,
I w JJg In ttunpe for par*.!en!&ri, testimonials a>4
V tO» 0 " Belief for Ladle*," in inter, by return
«A If MalL 0,000 T»«lmoBl«li. Xmate. Paprr.
xx — "I Chi«>ieiit«>r «. fo.,M»dl»o<« t*qnar%
Stld bj all Local Oruggl»t«. PUTT * HA- r&i
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE- —
NIAGARA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF - NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF,
New York, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1597, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pur«u»nt to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of th»
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
; r J; : -.'>;.;f. CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid tip In
cash. »_. — • $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,000,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 302,700 04
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,074. 965 00
Cash in company's office and in
banks 120,265 83
Interest due and accrued on all
. stocks and 10an5......... 4,202 31
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 3.254 16
Premiums in due course of collection 254, 33
Bills, receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 333 34
Rents due and accrued 4,204 98
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 8,894 45
Total assets J2.767.722 45
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses In
process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including ex-
penses $133,063 6T
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,125,785 47; _. _,
reinsurance 50 per cent - 862.53J 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,875.- .
435 31; reinsurance pro rata 734.781 71
All other demands against the com-
pany 123,269 S3
Total liabilities $1,553.956 42
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums •• $1,623,696 at
Received for Interest on bonds and _„_„!
mortgages -j—±»»*»l' j,W7 \n
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from ....,_
all other sources — «•«« {*
Received for rents.— ~~ — *<- 328 m
Total income • — - -1X701,468 M
EXPENDITURES.
commission' or £~ £.
charges for officers, clerks etc.... 158.42T 6S
Paid for State, national and local m n
AlT«n« 'payments' and' 130;-Q4 »1 :
Total expenditures . , ■ ■ ■ ■ •*'*&?£ **
BS es Incurredduring the year. $726,535 67
"Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premium*.
$212,275,658 $2,133,295 21
204,272,901 2,031.882 49
N cem a bTr U 3 n i t . 1 !^?. 1 !. 8 .^: 269,276.475 501. 220 71
' GEO. C. HOWE, Vice-President.
GEO. "W. DEWEY, Secretary.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25tl|
day of January. 1898.
oay oi THOS. MOON. Notary Public.
W. LOAIZA~& COMPANY,
v State Agents,
221<5 SAN6OJVIB STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Main 1697. «
FRANK N. RUST. Special Agent
ywwvwvwwvwvwwvwwwsg
IPX Hy INJECTION.
I; A PERMANENT CURE )!
- J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i [
, | and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 ] ,
1 1 ' days ; no other treatment required. ] i
, j i Sold by all drnggista. , >
THE WEEKLY CALU
I $1.50 per Year*THESE MEN
WILL NAME
THE TICKET
Republicans Select
Representative Men.
STRONG NOMINEES ASSURED
NAMES OF THE DELEGATES TO
THE STATE CONVENTION.
The Result of Their Work Is
Awaited With Great In
terest Throughout
the State.
With the exception of El Dorado, Placer
and Tuolumrie counties, whos: delegates
■'.-' have not as yet been reported, the fol
lowing list contains the names of the
' delegates who have been elected by their
w-citizens to select the State ticket
be Republican party. Placer County
will elect delegates to-day. As soon as
possible the names of the delegates from
the missing counties will be published.
•. A perusal of the names of these dele
'. -gates will convince any one familiar with
leading business men, farmers and
• . minors of the State that the delegates
' represent the industrial and business ln
.;■ terests of the pre;u State of California.
".That these "men will discharge their duty
.■ a.s good citizens and select the best possi
' ljle candidates for the executive and judi
cial positions to be voted for there can be
no doubt. Republicans throughout the
• State will -watch with intense interest the
■ .work of the State convention, which
meets next Tuesday at 10 a. m. at Sacra
memo. The delegates are:
. Alameda County— A. W. Moore. Dr. W. H.
Cope, Charles Hadsell, H. J. Tllden, E. B.
. Thompson, J. G. Mattos Jr.. I. V. Ralp, J. J.
.Halnes, C. B. Harmon. H. W. Meek, B. D.
Gray, W. F. Lynch, Egbert Stone, Hugh Di
mond, 11. Serening, R. Hamlin, J. L. Ballen
tine, J. B. Lanktree, Henry Tank, P. S.
■ Teller, C. L. Tlsdale, George Brltt, J. C. Bates
' Jr., J. C. Adams, A. C. Beck, K. W. Church,
j: H. Henderson, Frank Barnett, Miles Doody,
• Eugene Lynch, F. E. Brigham. James Hamll
' ton, George Baxley, J. H. Bennett, C. A. Chi
' Chester, J. G. Qulnn, F. K. Mott, W. Long,
George Stetson, J. M. Nash, L. H. Cobb,
Walter Young, C. Crowell, J. W. Tompklns,
A. H. Breed, J. F. Summers, J. Mitchell, J.
A Bliss, G. E. Randolph, Marston Campbell,
George S. Meredith, P. W. Belllngall. S. N.
Wyckoff, W. X. Waste. E. C. Marllave, F.
Fcrrd^n, J. M. Foy, C. H. Daly, A. J. Read,
J. T. Carey,' J. W. Evans, Hugh Hogan, W.
A. Dow. F. Parcells, G. B. Daniels, A. D.
• Colby. .1. M. Pedrlnl.
. Alpine County— M. D. Arnot.
■ . ■ Amador County— John F. Davis. William
.Tarn, Daniel Stewart. P. A. flute. E. C.
.. Voorheis, William Jennings, James E. Dye.
: Buue County — ii. Scmveley. Warren Sex
ton, E. Tucker, K. E. McCanfleld. J. McStll
: son, 11. P. Stow, William Demtone, Charles
• Moore, William Conn, T. L. Vlnton, Levi
Cohn.
Caleveras County— F. W. Peek, J. D. Baker,
•M. McLeod. C. W. Getchell, Peter Johnson.
J. -Burt, F. J. Sorinsky, C. D. Fontana, George
B. Stickle.
.' Colusa County— J. W. Browning, Ernest
• Weyand. J. H. Rathbun. W. H. Reardon.
... Contra Costa County — George A. Wiley. H.
: V. AlvaraJo. W. S. Tinning, A. E. Clark. J.
L.- Geary Jr., O. Hook. Eli I. Hutchinson,
. barnutM Brown and Mark Ivory.
•• Del None County— Hon. William Strain, W.
■H. v.'... dbury, W. H. Morrison.
• Fresno County — Teilman, C. E. Davis, G.
.W. T. Carter, S. L. Hogue, L. H. Smith. F.
JI ' Short, A. Goldstein, T. G. Hart. Fresno;
»'. It. Wiliiams. Selma: W. F. Rowell, Eas
ten; W. H. Shafer. Selma; J. J. Mlley, Men
'docino; a. H. Powers, Kings River; P. W.
-Hastle, i arils.
. Glenn County— J. K. Kendrick, Germantown;
H W. Walker, Willows; A. Hockheimer, Wil
•lows.
■ •Humboldt County— J. C. Bull, "W. H. Wal
.lace. N. H. Falk. A. J. Monroe, O. C. Gregor,
.E Sevier, A. Jordahl, T. H. Minor, T. R.
; Emerson, C. L. Pardee. M. P. Roberts. J. W.
Rvan, D. A. Francis, B. H. McNeill. A. Put
nam I. C. Bush, Henry Hanson.
Inyo County— Finley Mclver, W. W. Water
son. " ' - -
Kern County— C. Llnkenbach, George de Pag
nler C. H. Fairehild, H. Ostler, R. Frlsselle,
'j\. C, Maude, A. H. Swain, C. L. Connor.
' Kings County— James C. Sullivan, John Wals
wlek. J. X. Hoyt. D. S. Fish.
Lake County— G. W. Kemp, Middletown; G.
W. Pardee, Captain W. B. Collier, D. W.
" Crooks.
■ Lassen County— E. V. Spencer, J. Alexander,
.T. A: Roseburry.
• Los Angeles County— J. Ackley,
George P. Clark. D. G. Holt. A. W. licFhenon,
.D. S. Burson, James McLachlan, J. W. Wood,
James ■ ;;uk, W. B. Wright, Edmund Lockett,
H. \V. Magee, B. W. Hahn, ex-Governor John
L. Beveridge, .1 W. Hawk, John W. Francis,
H C Hubbard, J. J. Arnett. Thomas Murphy,
John A. Goodrich, Gail Borden, J. M. Thomas,
K. D. Northrup. H. F. Newell, J. K. Brady.
F. A. -i liTieaux, H. c,. Tinsley. T. C. Bouldln.
C F. Allen. W. M. Hiatt, Bates Whltehead.
W H Davis. A. E. Davis. Thomas Lloyd, Wil
liam H. Kelso, James P. Lewis, W. C. Batchel
•lor W. 11. Carpenter, Dr. E. L. Burdlek, W.
B. Pendleton, George H. Peck, D. H. Collins.
Thomas Si ivell, Frank P. Flint. Georg* F.
Clough. Edwin Munsey, J. M. Vena, J. M.
Meredith, M. D. Smith, J. B. Campbell, Wil
liam J. Vartel, Robert E. Wishing. William
G •-sham. Eugene C. Hask«?ll. John Morton,
] R. Garrctt, John F. Hughes. Conrad
Scheerer. Sherman Pease, E. P. Johnson, Lewis
Thorne. J. S. Slauson. Dr. E. R. Smith, Dr.
W E D Morrison, C. W. Seamans. A. P.
Cross E. E. Maxwell, C L. Strange, Thomas
Ktrohm M. G. Aruirre, John Lovell, F. M.
Sterling W. H. Holcomb. Charles E. Donna
tin. Charles Gllman. C. E. Cole, Dr. E. A.
Bryant, R. Livingston. B. F. Field. O. T.
Johnson. J. It. Newberry. W. C. Furrey, A. K.
Crawford. Ed Meserve, George Blnsabaugh,
'lladera County— W. C. Mare, J. W. Watklns,
A f* il ft. W
Marln County— R. S. Alexander, San Rafael;
h! A Gorley, San Rafael: J. 11. Pryor. Sau
frlHo- \ Ilubbel. Tomaleß; Thomas Estey,
Nicafii'o; William Barr: F. O. Waterhouse, Bo
linas; A. Cadoni. Olema. _, T "- : , _ ,
■ Marij>osa County— John Hanna, Fleming, Gal
'''Mendocino County-T. A. Whlpple, C. J.
inty— T. A. Whipple, C. J.
Wood John Clark, William B. Coombs, Wll
lirm Hanen. A. M Duncan, G. A. Sturtevant,
Henry Marks. William Chessal. T. D. Albee,
T. il Carothers. -.•»-, „
Merced County— C. F. Wade. J. V, . Knox,
Charles Harris, W. F. Rlngnald.
Madoc County— J. T. Laird. C. C. Auble, D.
Mono County— John D. Murphy, Charles W.
T> Jr-h" V
Monterey County— M. M. Gragg. Bradley;
Charles R. Whicher Jr.. Castroville; E. W.
Car.! N. A. Dorn. C. F. Lacey. S. W. Conk
lln, Salinas; W. Sarlea. Gonzales; J. J. Heb
l^ron. Carmelo; F. M. Hllby, E. B. Rice, Mon- (
e Napa County— Percy S. King. W. F. Fisher.
Owen Wade. W. F. Mlxon. J. Frye. B. M. I
Newromb. G. W. Strohl, T. B. Hutchinson, E.
7.. Hpnr.espey W. H. Cotiett, P. H. Herley.
Nevada County— F. Englebrlght, George
Hueh^-s. D. E. Morgan. A. R. Lord. Nevada
City: Charles V. Wren, Charles E. Clynch. E.
Jamieaon. Grass Valley; J. F. Kidder, Major
M"-Hr!<!e. a. C Blarelow, F. Rutherford.
Orange County— H. MoPhee, L. L. Shaw. Z.
B. .Weft. A. A. Bates, William Crowther,
Henry Xui-hfl. S. Armor. H. T. Harrlo. Rev.
D. S. McHenry, C, A. Hftrlln, E. D. Waffle,
John McFad.ien, I. X. Everett, Robert Mc-
Fa.Mpn, J. H. Whltaker. C. A. Norman.
OeoreP I- V.rifht. W. G. McPherson, M. A.
JwHfr, Cash Harvey.
Plan County-George Standart, Dr. Mus-
Bey. O. <• Plnueh. V. S. Webb.
Riverside County— O. B. Fuller, C. B. Web-
Ft»r. Corona: William Collier. John. G. North.
.Tuklm. .1. S. Noyes. F. A . Miller, T. E. Ellis.
Elsinore; J. S France, Moreno; C. O. Barker.
Banning; A. G. Munn, San Jacinto; George
Fropt.
Sacramento Countv-E. C. nart F R. Dray
F. F. Tebbet.. J. W Wilson, E. C. Atkinson.
C. N. Post, A. J. Rhoades. B. W. Cavanaugh
Grove L Johnson. C. K. Llpman. OeorWe
Ftafk, F. A. Daroux, J. 1,. OlIUs W H
Govan, Elwood Brtiner, J. h. Batcher M J
Dlllman. Joseph Klnney. W. n. Sawvef Will
iam Curtis, F. J. Johnston, w \v r.rVpr
William Johnston. T. C. Perkins' ' rct?r>
San Benlto County— N. C. Bri^s, Lem Orr
W. H. Scott, Dr. C. C. Carglll D F Me-
Phail.
San Bernardino— F. Kelly. R. n Porter
James Mack, W. R. Miller. A. C. Oaylort a'
Craig. W. S. Hooper. Frank F. Oster Jame«
)'!,mminfr. O. M. Ham. William O. Moore k
C Wells, C. B. Hamilton, E. J. Gates w' G
Jones, George B. Ellis. - r -. ...
San Dleeo County— H. R. Amdt, E. B Bab
cock. F. H. Brooks. D. C. Collier Jr., George
Fuller. A. G. Gassen. Oeor*e d. Goldman'
George R. Harrison. W. A. Hawking, Charles
P. Hardy. Simon Levi, D. C. Reed. C H
Swallow. C. R. Stewart, Sam F. Smith, V c'
Shaw. E. S. Torranoe. M. L. Ward. L. a!
Wri M - SAN FRANCISCO.
Van R. Paterson. delegate at lartro.
Twenty-eighth j Assembly District — Joseph
Spear Jr., Jacob Levy Jr., Peter Qulnn, TV.
Kennersen. John Larkln. N. H. Burnham.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— J.
Smith H. H. Williams, E. H. Lutgens, James
Dhue. John J. Daughney. W. McCauley.
Thirtieth Assembly District — Reuben H.
Lloyd. N. B. Engle. Charles Coleman, G. I- .
Twomev Charles Metzever, J*mes Gilleran.
Thirty-nrpt Assembly Dlßtrlct— J. B. Cole. J.
J Collins. Thomas Doherty, Harvey Graham,
P. W. Canlll, Matt Tierney.
Thirty-second Assembly District— John A.
Hoej-, Daniel Sullivan, James C. Symons^ Sam
uel Hamilton, Joseph Pisar.i. Jeremiah O Shea.
Thirty-third Assembly District — John J.
Wads worth, Frank J. Mitchell,, George A.
Raabe, S. H. Brown, John C. Welch, Charlea
Katto. T. J. Lemon, Barney L. Grave.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— l. J. Tru
man. John J. Moran, Charles H. Mayers. Percy
Beamish. John Nolan. Frank .Frank.Bur
nett. Jabez Swan. Ed Eustlce, Philip Stolz.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District-John D. Dab ,
George W. Debenham. j. C. * . Tabor. F. M.
Stone. W. B. Coffey. J. H. Dawson, J. T.
Graham, J. J. Gullfcyle. R _.".'. T m.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District -J. M.
Thomas M. F. Taylor. E. Banning. A. Duffee,
I Abridge. B. H. Baumelster C V. Pierce.
M. Dunn, 6A. F. Chapman. J. Sheridan, G. D.
" ™him ; -seventh Assembly District-P. B.
Cornwall E. S. Solomon. J. G. Boobar. W. M.
Abbott I. Zellerbach. Frank McOowan. G. C.
Wentworth. M, Cooney, J. P. McMurray James
Alva Watt. Lyman I. Mowry. J. Hughes.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District- A. O.
Hagedorn. Max Goldberg. M. Lewis ; C. F.
Kinsman. P. A. Bergerot. E. H. Algrltlnger,
Alex B. Truman, Frank Robb, David Blbbero,
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Lowell
Howe. Thomas McDonald. Charles S. Laumels
ter. M. Smith. T. V. Eddy, General A. L
Hart. Thomas F. McGee. W. J. Herln, Frank
D. Worth, J. G. Tcrrill, Henry Sonntag, J.
Burden.
Fortieth Assembly District — Emlle Bauer,
Edmund Tauszky, W. E. Cole, J. M. Wllklns.
Edward Coleman, John B. Carson, John J.
Cassidy. Thomas Eagar, Charles A. Green.
George R. Fletcher, F. A. Maestrettl, John C.
Nobmann.
Forty-first Assembly District— J. C. Camp
bell, D. M. Burns. W. M. Lawlor, 11. C. Flre
baugh, E. C. Carrera, J. F. Ky.id. A. Hau
ser. Frank H. Powers. H. C. Dibble, Sydney
Vernon, George A. Knight.
Forty-second Assembly District— Van R. Pat
erson, W. O. Banks, Al Berthler. F. B. Chad
bourne, John M. Chretien. Dr. George Drucker,
Harry N. Gray. Al Lllienfeld, D. D. Lustig,
Thomas D. Rlordan.
Forty-third Assembly District— Martin Brady,
Joseph Daly, Leon Dennery, Fred -Lunqulst.
Austin Langford, John Lackmann, J. G. Sev
erance. Charles Taylor.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— F. Arata. E.
M. Buckley. Thomas F. Graham. E. C. Pal
mterl, A. Ruef. M. A. Smith, Louis Strohl,
John Sohl.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— William Bendt,
James Snook, Thomas Chandler, Joseph King,
Dennis McCullough.
Pan Joaquin County — A. L. Levlnsky. George
Tatterson, A. E. Aubrey. H. C. Bender. A. W.
Simpson, C. H. Patterson, Irving Martin. C.
M. Keniston, R. J. Perrin, W. H. Mallory. Gll
man Chase, Frank West. A. W. . Davidson, .1.
G. Prle«tly. J. M. Blodgett, A. A. McClelland,
H. B. Knight. .T. F. Hooper, Perry Tuple.
San Luis Oblspo County— Canavascinl. B.
Brooks. M. Harloe, L. D. Weeks. F. A. Dorn.
C. D. Fowler, Dr. J. H. Glass, A. Gregg and
F. D. Frost.
San Mateo Count!"— W. J. Martin, W. J.
Whlttler, G. C. Ross. J. G. Hoyt, William Nel
son, H. Dearborn, E. F. Preston, Hon. C. N.
Felton. G. W. Lovey.
Santa Barbara County —J. J. <Boyce, J.
J. Carrllla. S. C. Crow, Walter Elliott. Law
rence Harris, C. L. Lloyd, Samuel Manchester,
Felix Mattel, W. H. Peterkin, W. L. Talbot,
F. M. Whitney.
Santa Clara County— O. A. Hale, at large.
San Jose; W. J. Rodger, San Jose: A. L. Col,
San Jope; Sam Oberderner, Santa Clara; Hon.
F. C. Franck. Santa Clara: J. D. Williams.
Santa Clara: W. F. Coffee. Menlo Park: L. F.
, Parkinson, Palo Alto: J. W. Cook. Pan Jose;
' Ed Hersey, Campbell: Walter Clark. Mount
View: H. J. Fisk, Pan Jose: Dr. F. H. Bangs.
San Jose; L. Flnlgan. San Jose: J. F. O'Keefe,
San Jose; 11. W. Otter, San Jose; Dr. M. A.
Southworth, San Jose; J. D. Miner. San Jose;
A. C. Darby, San Jose: H. M. N. Spring. San
Jose; Dr. D. F. McGraw. Pan Jose; James
Sargent. Gllroy; George Dunlap. Gllroy: Ed
Crawford. Gilroy: R. J. Pearce, Almaden;
James Stanflrld. Los Gatos: L. A. Pare, San
Jose: A. C. Lerrltt. San Jose: P. F. Ayres,
Mllpitas; Lloyd Child*. San Jose; E. L. Moody,
Pan Jose: John Robertson, Edenvale.
Santa Cruz County— C. Hoffmann. C. E.
LlnijFay W. IT. Galbratth. G. F. Stanley. H.
F. Kron. D. H. Trout. W. H. Aiken, J. J.
Morey, P. F. Mah»r. W. R. Porter.
Shasta County— A. J. Drynan, Ed M. Swasey,
F. P. Primm. 11. O. Wickes, J. G. Cunning
ham, Adam Schuman, James Drew.
Sierra County— Hon. F. D. Sownrd. A. P.
Nichols, H. L. Nichols, W. F. Eschbacher, J.
O. Jones.
SlskJyoil— C. L. Gregory, Robert Nixon. Will
iam K. MeCllnstoek, John Mason, Clifford
Cogglns. George F. Kradle, H. J. Eldridge,
C. S. Smith. "
Polano County — Ray Benjamin. A. L. Hathe
way Joseph A. Mclnnis. G. 11. Oakley. H. F.
Sta'hl and F. W. Willis. Vallejo; W. L.
Crooks, Godfrey Reuger, Benlcla: Alden An
derson, J. B. Brown. Sulsun; J. B. Hoyt,
Maine Prairie; J. J. Haggerty, Vacavllle; "W.
S. Makemson, Rio Vista; W. B. Parker.
Sonoma County — A. B. Lsmmon of Santa i
Rosa was elected delegate at large, H. F.
Crawford. W. J. T. Cut. C. H. Nlelson. M. J.
Strelning, E. D. Sw&etser. Santa Rosa; W.
Ballard. Geyservllle: W. T. Brush, cioverdal»:
A. H. Cheesmore. Sonoma: A. Faught. Russian
River; W. E. Woolsey, Fulton: W. W. Price.
Forestville; R. P. Brown, Petaluma; W. F.
Graham, Guerneyvllle: H. M. Lebaron, Valley
Ford; L. A. Norton. Healdsburg; H. A. Rich
ardson, Stewarts Point; F. A. W'lckersham,
Petaluma; O. P. Ptedger, Sebastopol: W. W.
Chapman, Petaluma; W. J. Davis. Vallejo.
Stanislaus County— T. C. Hocking, E. W.
Brush. L. L. Dennett, C. T. Elliott, Fred
Bartch. R. K. Thomas.
Sutter County— Will !«.m F. Hoke, M. E. San
born, Irwln Griffith, T. B. Hull, H. O. Purln
ton.
Teharoa County — V. T. Biitt^ss, K. R. "Wal
bridge, J. N. <~iTfKK. C. R. Mayhew, Dr. J. A.
Owen. A. Simpson.
Trinity County— J. R. Stoddard. A. F. Col
lins. W. H. La Bare*. C. C. Shatturk.
Tulare County— Charles G Lamborson. VI-
Falln: Captain Thomas It. Thompson, Tulare:
K. W. r)f*be. Portervllle; R. H. McDonaia.
Portervlll*»: M. C. Zumwalt. Tulare; X 0.
I^arklPP. Vlsalla: J. V). Plllsbury, Traver; O.
W. KlindPri. Tlpton.
Vf-ntura County— J. S. Collins, W. IT. Bnrn.--!*,
Orestes Orr, Thomas R. Bard, R. P. Strai
hearn, L. W". Andrews, H. K. Snow, C. 11.
McKevett, "U". L. Hardlson.
Yolo County— S. 8. Hlnsdlll. J. G. Fredrirks.
Ed E. Gaddin. J»sse Do lan. F. IJ. Owens, W.
S. Allen, E. B. Mering, F. F. Murphy.
Tuba County — E. A. Forbes, W. E. M«H»k,
Joseph Durfe*. Jnmes M. Murk. A. C. Irwln,
G. "W. Hall nnd J. C. CampbHl.
Loyal Union Republicans.
A meeting of the "Union" Republican
Club was held last evening at their head
quarters, 335 McAllister street, John Q.
Adams in the chair and Walter A. Coffee
acting as secretary. Addresses were
made by Dr. B. F. Fleming. T. R. Riding,
H. H. Adams, Maurice L. Asher and oth
ers, and the committee on entertainment
presented a very enjoyable programme.
The secretary reported a membership of
160. The club decided to meet on the 30th
inst. to ratify the nominations of the
State Convention. ; : M.fe
■ « • i —
STOCKING COALING STATIONS.
England Places Unlimited Contracts
in This Country.
NORFOLK, i Aug. 19.— here has been
shipped from Norfolk. In British bot
toms, seventeen cargoes of Pocahontas
coal, aggregating 70,120 tons. They have
gone to eleven different coaling! stations
belonging to England, and it has been
believed that England was stocking coal
stations in the event of possible war.
To-day it leaked out that this view la
undoubtedly correct, as the Pocahontas
Coal Company is asserted by one of its
employes to have practically admitted
that an unlimited contract from the
British Government for coaling her sta
tions all over the world has been secured,
and the work hns just fairly commenced.
The stations to which cargoes have thus
far been Bent are: Montevideo, in Uru
guay; St. Michaels, in the Azores; King
ston, Jamaica; Singapore, India; Cape
Town, Africa ; St. Vincent and Porto
Praya, Cape de Verdes; St. Lucia, B. W.
I.; Buenos Ayres, Argentine Republic;
St. Paul de Loando. Africa, and London.
One vessel alnn*-, the Indra, carried 9150
tons to Singapore. , Jt uj^t
CALKINS' BODY FOUND.
Remains of the Lad Who Jumped
From the Ferry Boat Float
ed Ashore.
TIBIJRON. Aug. 19.— The body of a man
•was discovered floating In the bay near
here to-day. Deputy Coroner Eden
•was summoned from Ran Rafael, and the
remains were taken to the morgue. An
investigation of the clothing and personal
effects showed the mans name to be Cal
kins he having rommltted suicide about
three weeks ago by Jumping from an Oak
land f«rry-boaL The Chief ,of Police of
that city was notified, and acquainted the
dead man's relatives with the fact of the
discovery of the body. Later Coroner
Eden received a telegram that a relative
would come to take possession of the body
to-morrow.
HAVERLY A BANKRUPT.
Failure of the Well-Known Manager
of Negro Minstrels.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— John H. Hav
erly, who was well known several years
ago as a theatrical manager, and espe
cially in connection with negro minstrels,
filed a petition In bankruptcy to-day, with
liabilities of $327,749 4nd assets nom
inaHy $16,100. j
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 189 S.
ARRANGING
FOR COUNTY
PRIMARIES
Alameda Republicans
Fix Dates.
HILBORN GAINS TWO VOTES
REJOICING OVER SUCCESSES OF
PARDEE AND METCALF.
Delegation of Five Hundred Citizens
Going to Sacramento to
Work for the
Doctor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee held an important meeting this
evening. The returns from the Con
gressional primary were canvassed,
and the four disputed votes in the Fif
tieth District were allowed to Hllborn.
This, of course, in no way affects the
larpe majority for Metcalf.
It was decided to hold the county
primaries on September 17 and the
convention on September 19. The place
of holding the county convention will
be determined at a future meeting.
A discussion arose as to whether the
primaries should be held by Assembly
districts or by wards and townships,
and the sentiment seemed to be in
favor of the latter. The question is one
of great interest, as it materially af
fects the chances of certain candidates
for office. The State and Congressional
primaries were held by Assembly dis
tricts, but it will be far more difficult
to forecast results in a county conven
tion of Assembly districts, and it is
very probable that the ward and town
ship plan will be ordered. The matter
svill be settled at a meeting of the
committee to be held September 3.
The Young Men's Republican League
held a big rally to-night to ratify the
success at the primaries of Dr. Pardee
and Victor H. Metcalf. Speeches were
made by Mayor Thomas, Hon. John A.
Britton, Dr. Mehrmann, A. C. Henry,
Professor L,. G. Inskeep, Professor
George C. Edwards, P. M. Fisher and
others.
The chief business of the meeting was
that of insuring a large attendance of
active workers at Sacramento next
Monday and Tuesday to help along the
cause of Dr. Pardee. Many prominent
citizens pledged their presence and sup
port at the capital, and it was decided
to send twenty-five members of the
league and to pay their transportation
from its treasury. It is expected that
a delegation of odo will leave this coun
ty on Sunday and Monday for Sacra
mento.
POSED IN CHINA AS AN
ENVOY OF GERMANY
Berlin Correspondent Charged With
Liberating Thirteen Murderers
of German Missionaries.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— Hprr Eugene S.
Wolff, the well-known German explorer,
who has just returned from China, where
he acted as correspondent of the Tage
blatt. ia being prosecuted upon a charge
of having, without authority, assumed
the role of Judge, and with having liber
ated thirteen Chinese murderers of Ger
man missionaries.
According to the evidence of Bishop
Anzer, on which the accusation is based,
Herr Wolff, having heard of the trial, ap
peared in court with a dog named Schus
ter. Four vacant chairs stood in the
hall in which the trial was to be held.
Wolff seated himself In the most Im
posing of the?;.-, caving:: "I'll take the
highest, and you, Herr Schuster (address
ing the dogp will take the second highest
to my right."
Th»n he ordered the rlerk of the court
into the next chair on his right, and lastly
with a gesture bade the wondering man
darin to take the fourth and lowest chair.
The mandarin questioned Wolff's au
thority, whereupon the latter draw a roll
of papers from his pocket and flourished
It as his authority, and the prisoners be
ing introduced and declaring their inno
cence Herr Wolff solemnly acquitted
them and declared the proceedings ended.
He then saddled his horse and departed.
The story caused the utmost astonish
ment. Bishop Anzer was In Germany at
the time of the alleged occurrence, con
sulting the Government In regard to the
murders, which ultimately led to the oc
cupation of Klaochou, and only learned
of what had happened on returning to
China. It appears that Herr Wolff often
posed in China as German Envoy.
BRITISH GOVERNMENT
AFTER MAIL ROBBERS
New Charge Formulated Against
John Knyaston and He Will
Probably Be Extradited.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— A new charge
was formulated to-day against John Ky
naston, before United States Commis
sioner Roumaine in Jersey City, by di
rection of the British Premier, Lord Sal
isbury.
Kynaston was the third officer of the
! White Star line steamer Britannic. He
1 was arrested In Jersey City some time
I ago for connection with extensive mail
I robberies on the Britannic. He is held as
i the principal.
Chief Officer Jago of the same ship was
; arrested at Queen Mown several days ago
on the same charge. The new complaint
was made by A. Percy Bennett, the act-
Ing British Consul General In New York
! It charges Kynaston with the larceny of
i $tisoo in railroad bonds and of $1500 in cash
from nn envelope addressed to Heidel
haeh, Ickelheimer & Co., bankers of this
i city.
Evidence was given by the employes
of the bankers to prove the mailing of
the $1500 from Antwerp and by Postofßce
Inspector Jacobs to show that it was ta
ken from the envelope on the steamship.
Jacobs exhibited the ship's manifest in
; evidence. When the envelope reached
the bankers it was stuffed with a Lon
i don newspaper published two days after
the envelope left Antwerp. The news
paper was substitucd to give the envel
ope the same appearance It had when
filled with paper money.
District Attorney Rice of Jersey v^ity
! has been notified from Washington that
a charge against Kynaston would be
made by the British Consul. The United
States authorities consider it a case for
extradition. A hearing will be given the
accused on September 8.
COACHES FOR ALASKA.
First Shipment for the White Pass
and Yukon Railroad.
SEATTLE. Aug. 19.— The first railway
coaches to be used in Alaska were
shipped to-day. The shipment consisted
of a passenger car, a baggage car and a
combination passenger and bagßage car.
The cars are to be used on the White
Pass and Yukon Railroad, which Is now
in operation for a distance of twelve miles
from Skaguay.
Count Xiquana Dead.
MADRID, Aug. IP.— The death is an
nounced of Count Xiquana, Minister of
Agriculture and Commerce and of Pub
lic Works in the Cabinet of Senor Sa
gasta which resigned In May last.
RUSS WATERS'
DOMAIN HAS
BEEN INVADED
A New Candidate in
the Sixth.
FRANK DAVIS IN THE FIELD
A GIANT AMONG LAWYERS OF
LOS ANGELES.
Gage and Waters Considered Run
ning Mates and It Is Thought
the New Richmond May
Break Their Slate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 19.— The path
way of Russell J. Waters, the Repub
lican candidate for Congress in the
Sixth District, has lost Its roseate hue
and the serenity of the lone traveler
has been disturbed by the invasion of
a "new Richmond" In the person of
Frank Davis, the well-known attorney
of this city. Davis has been an ac
tive and popular Republican here for
many years, and it is admitted by all
that he will be a formidable candidate
against Waters in the convention, and
that he will be able to break the slate
which has been made in the interest of
Henry T. Gage, candidate for Gover
nor, and Waters for Congress. Should
he succeed In receiving the nomination
at Sacramento next Tuesday, the time
fixed for holding the Congressional
Convention, it may seriously compli
cate the fight for Governor, and so ma
terially change the programme already
prepared for the benefit of the dele
gation from this county.
Davis Is recognized as being a giant
among the members of the bar, an elo
quent speaker and a man of great per
sonality and entirely free from alli
ance with any faction. It is claimed
for him that his canvass would be un
assailable and would bring out the full
strength of the party. A strong effort
is, however, being made to have him
withdraw from the fight, and it is
hoped by the friends of Mr. Waters
that he will reconsider the matter.
But Davis is said to be a hard man
to pull down, and It is intimated that
should he fail to go before the conven
tion he may conclude to run as an in
dependent candidate. His friends will
do all in their power to dissuade him
from pursuing such a course. They de
sire that he go before the delegation
and make his fight on his merits, be
lieving that he can win out.
The friends of Russell J. Waters,
however, are confident that he will be
nominated, and while they acknowledge
the great popularity of Mr. Davis they
feel that he cannot overcome the work
already done by their candidate in the
way of securing the promises of a ma
jority of the delegates to the Congres
sional Convention, and it would seem
that In view of the fact that Gage and
Waters are considered running mates
by the delegates from this county the
claim has some merit. The result will
be watched with great interest by the
friends of both parties, who in the
meantime are working zealously for
their respective candidates.
Waters left this morning for San
Francisco and will be at the Palace
Hotel, where it is Intimated he will con
fer with Henry T. Gage regarding the
changed aspect of the situation, which
may turn out to be of vltai importance
to the candidacy of both Gage and
Waters. So far as the people of this
city are concerned they have but little
preference, if any, between the two
candidates. Both are closely identified
with the interests of the district and it
Is merely a difference of popularity
which seems to be In favor of the val
iant Davis.
News was received here this after
noon to the effect that James G. Ma
guire has consented to address the dele
gates of the State Silver Republican
Convention to be held here August 27,
and the occasion is to be made a great
demonstration, in which every party
that has helped to make the spotted
candidate will participate.
SLAUGHTER OF REBELS
IN SOUTHERN CHINA
General Mawho Kills One Hundred
in Battle and There Are Daily-
Executions.
LONDON, Aug. 19.— The Hongkong cor
respondent of the Times say*: The
slaughter in Southern China continues.
Corpses float past Wuchau daily. Two
hundred rebels who had entered Tai
wnngkong were defeated by General
Mawho who killed 100 of the rebels and
took forty of them prisoners. The sentry
in the districts of Paklan and Wu-gun
daily send to the magistrates between ten
and twenty rebels for execution.
HERO OF CLIPFERTON ISLAND.
Substituted the American Flag for
That of Mexico.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 19.— The steamer
Alice Blanchard, Captain Broderick
Warner, arlved to-day from Cllpperton
Island, after a passage of eleven days,
with 550 tons of phosphate rock. The
Blanchard brings as passengers Nolan
Baldwin, aped 15, a son of Barry Baldwin,
formerly United States Marshal at San
Francisco and Theodore Gusmann, who
has been on the desolate island for nearly
thirteen months.
Mr. Gusmann figured in a somewhat
heroic light on Clipperton a few months
ago when he refused to haul down the
American flag when ordered to do so by
the Mexican man-of-war Democrata. The
crew of the Mexican ship raised their flag
over the island in place of the stars and
stripes, but was taken down as soon as
they left Mr. Gusmann says that since
that time the United States flag has been
flyinf over the island.^
MAIL EMBARGO WITHDRAWN.
Communication May Now Be Had
With Persons in Spain.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Postmaster
General Smith to-day suspended his onier.
Issued at the beginning of the war, that
during hostilities all mail communication
with Spain and her colonies was to be dis
continued. According to the terms of this
order, mail addressed to persons connect
ed with the United States forces at tne
Philippine Islands. Cuba and Porto Rico
shall continue to be subject to United
States domestic postage rates. All other
mail addressed to these places shall be
subject to the postage rates heretofore
announced.
British Interests Favorable to Spain.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— A Daily Tele
graph correspondent who has arrived
in Borneo after a prolonged tour of the
Philippine Islands telegraphs that Brit
ish interests there prefer that the
islands should remain Spanish.
Seek Pardon for a Murderer.
SALTNAS. Aug. 19.— A petition is being
circulated here for the pardon of mur
derer Shaw, a lire-termer from here.
HILBORN WILL
NOT GO BEFORE
THE CONVENTION
Neither Will He Run
as an Independent.
WILL NOMINATE TO-MORROW
NUSBAUMER TO PRESENT THE
NAME OF METCALF.
As a Matter of Courtesy Four of the
Delegates From the Fiftieth
Are From the Hilborn
Ticket.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
Mr. Hllborn does not intend that his
name shau be presented to the Third Dis
trict Congressional convention, which
meets to-morrow in Germanla Hall. It is
possible that some of the delegations
from the small counties in the district,
which are solid for him, may insist on
placing the Congressman In nomination,
but if they do so it will be in direct op
position to the wishes of Mr. Hilborn
] and his Oakland manager.
There has been some talk regarding the
possibility of Mr. Hilborn making an in
dependent campaign, and it has been said
1 that his reason for not permitting his
| name to go before to-morrow's conven
j tion is to keep the way clear for an inde
pendent move, as under the purity or
I elections law he could not run independ
ent after being turned down in a con
"Thei'e is not a particle of foundation
for all this 'independent' talk," saiu W.
H Friend, chairman of the Congressional
I committee, to-day. "Mr. Htlborn has no
idea of doing any such thing, and the
story was started uy some of his over
zeaious but not very diplomatic friends.
I Mr. Hilborn is taking his defeat phi o
i sophically and boars nobou" any ill win,
| while all" the Reputmcans who were mak
i ing his fight are now in line for Mr. Met
1 calf." , , ,
The Congressional convention will be
devoid of any special interest. Its busi
ness will consist of electing a Congress
i man, framing a platform, passing a few
I resolutions and electing a new Congres
sional committee. The whole business
will probably not occupy a couple of
hours. .
Judge Emil Nusbaumer, who has been
the leading factor in Mr. Metcalf's cam
i paign. will place that gentleman's name
j before tho convention, and with the
Judge's well known oratorical powers
there is no doubt that nis speech will be
powerful and to the point. It will prob
! ably be seconded by one delegate from
I every county in the district, and will, of
: course, be made unanimous.
The little difficulty in the Fiftieth As
1 sembly District has been straightened
! out to the satisfaction of both parties,
' four of the delegates that were on the
■ Hilborn ticket and six who were on the
! Metcalf ticket having been acknowledged
| as the successful ones.
DEFINITE BASE FOR
A TREATY OF PEACE
Questions to Be Discussed by a Com
mission Appointed by
Spain.
HAVANA, Aug. 19.— The Government
has appointed a Spanish commission to
' consider a definite base for a treaty of
; peace. The personnel of the commis
sion, however, is not announced. It Is
reported that the questions to be dis
cussed are as follows:
1. Cession of territory and the de
termination of conditions and Indemni
fication by the United States against
damage to public buildings, courts and
the state's lands.
2. Indemnity for war and navy ma
! terlal mutually agreed on to come into
possession of the United States.
3. Conditions of, and time for, the
| evacuation by the troops and volun
teers with the war material agreed on.
4. Commercial and custom-house ad
vantages to be conceded.
5. The recognition of property of all
kinds of all Spanish citizens and guar
antees to be offered them during their
stay In the island.
6. The form of government to be es
tablished in Cuba.
SAN JOSE ATHLETIC
CLUB OPENING
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— Ed Hennessey and
Joe Reay, welter-weights, furnished the
main sport at the opening of the San
Jose Athletic Club to-night. No pools
were sold. It was a ten-round fight, and
though Reay clearly outpointed Hennes
sey, the referee, Louis Hobbs, declared
it "a draw. There were no knock-downs,
but a good many stiff punches and clever
dmlges. The preliminaries consisted of a
four-round go between Frank Purcell and
Jimmy Ryan, welter-weights, and a
thr.e-round contest between Jack Mc-
Mnnus and Charles Johnson, light
weights. Decision, a draw in each event.
The attendance was about 500.
Turfman James Bradley Dead.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Aug. 19.— James
Bradley, the well-known turfman, aged
32, died at his home last night.
The Enormous Gold Product of 1898.
This will be the greatest Bold year In his
tory. From South Africa, the Klondike and
Australia the precious metal Is beln* shipped
In larße quantities. It is believed that this
year's output will be nearly double that of any
prevtOOl twelve months. The sales of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters are also Increasing: very
faxt. and this year that famous remedy will
cute more people of dyspepsia, indigestion,
constipation, nervousness and weakness than
ever before.
Sarcastic Personals
Stories on Prominent
Citizens
Criticisms
Society
in
To-day's News Letter
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
*Ac"W Full Set of Teeth • ? ;V
iO^Ti f"?/tv extracting free $s oo up
t^^mklTa^ Gold Crowns ask $3 50 up
V—^fiF^CairV' Fillings j-- • 25 up
* -^-"IwlSk^*. rt Open Evenings & Sundays
e-^^iS^r^ VAN vroom
,^»"^»^\4V\r Hiectro Dental Parlors
*M IT^S Sixth and Market
~ Or. Q W. Kleiser, Prop.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy: »i v«» health .»m
■tn&gtb to the sexual onrin*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
grand window display
and
afternoon concert 2 to 5 to=day.
Bruck's Boston Elite Orchestra.
Program in honor of the Irish Fair:
FART I. PART 11.
1. March, "The Spirit of Liberty"... Rosey 7. Cornet solo. "Kerry l>anee" Molloy
2. "Nutmeg Dance" Ellis Soloist. Mr. Eugene Keller.
3. Overture, "Cruiskeen Lawn" Recker 8. Waltz. "My Treasure" Strauss
4. Waltz. "Jolly Fellows" Vollstedt 9. Medley. "The Rage in Ireland" .. .Beyer
5. Song for trombone, "Killarney" .. .Balfe Introducing "Come Back to Erin."
6 Medley, "Salute to Erin" Beyer "Brlen Borhoim's March." "Kath-
Introduclng "Kathleen Mavour- leen," "The Rakes of Mallow."
neen," "Last Rose of Summer." "Cniiskeen Lawn." "Killarney,"
"The Harp That Once Through "Pally, Shllly-Shally." etc.
Tara's Hall," "Come Back to 10. "Irish Patrol" Puerner
Erin," "Irish Washerwoman" (Jig). 11. Selection, "Bohemian Girl" Balfe
etc. 12. March. "Liberty Bell" Sousa
"The Star-Ppangled Banner."
other tempting items.
"H. B." fflOVe "Good as good!]a.dieS* Balance of our band and
q>4 qq can be." The tjge shield bows (as offered
* * * best exchange r yesterday), in light sum-
for a dollar we can get. New ones 0 C# mer shades. Regularly
just in — two-clasp overseam, with worth 15c and 20c — to close out,
latest embroidery in tan, mode, red, 5c each,
brown, blue, green, pearl and other 1
late colors. Sizes 5A to a final Going out to-morrow?
tOUCheS Don't forget your veil,
bciby Our leader — reed body and "gloves, hosiery, handker-
hllJTO'V hood, shellac finished, up- chiefs, skirt binding, scarf, bow, cor-
<££>. t\H holstered in fancy cretonne, sets to-night. We have something
<|)D.OU. stee | wnee | s> w jt n patent new in all of them — but we close at 6
brake and four C springs. |o'clock, the same as other nights.
Special in the millinery department t
$1.50 and 75c untrimmed hats cut to 15c each to close.
Read our advertisement in Sunday's papers.
937"939 3 '94'-Q43-945 a 8947 Market St.
"The store that mother likes."
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS :
OF THE
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, CANADA, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In- :
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali- '
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections ;
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as ■
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. '. '
Loans on bonds and mortgages $25,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,165,526 83;
Cash In company's office 128 95
: Cash in banks 241,544 82
Premiums In due course of collection 253.631 42
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 34,600 07
Total assets $1,720,432 14
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,576 89 j
Looses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 135.331 42
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 15,227 99
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,031,157 01:
reinsurance 50 per cent 615,573 50
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year. $660,769 56;
reinsurance pro rata 344,234 98 1
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent 51,490 75
Gross , premiums on marine time
risks: reinsurance 60 per cent 9,296 22
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 34,49158
Total liabilities $1,138,228 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,457,300 01
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 268,125 33
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 1.650 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 43,313 40
Total Income $1,770,418 74
EXPENDITURES.
■ Net amount paid for flre losses $748,737 60
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 224.166 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 349,350 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
I charges for officers, clerks, etc — 41,500 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 46.302 00
All other payments and expenditures 130,764 45
Total expenditures $1,540.820 75
Fire. Marine.
Losses incurred during
the year $772,440 99 $226.013 20
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $142,650,216 693,879 59
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 126,721,109 1,710.710 14
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 141.514.736 1.691.926 59
Marine I
Risks and Premiums. • Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $48,289,822 $352,307 80
Net amount of risks ex-
plred during the year.. 49,927,256 386.128 10
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897 4.728.490 70.083 19
. J. J. KENNY. Vice-President.
C. C. FOSTER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898.
A. R. CREELMAN. Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
' General Agents,
321 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BOdd6OOdOOOdOOOOOO
gw PALACE w?
'GRAND hotels o
J. SA/1 FKAItCISCO. _
™ Connected by a covered possagoway. **
O 1400 Rooms— 900 With Bath Attached. °
O All Under On* Management, . O '
A • NOTS THE PBIOBS: '.\- > O '
T Buroptan Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward A
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward V
q - Corr*epond«nc» Solicited. ' q
X )0U 0. KIKSFATBJCS. Mu&pr. q
0000000000000000 Qjs
l% *>^. ' nPFAMA lB "i« new discovery
UIICAIIIA that gives you eleep.
i IAL/^Sfc^rest an no dreams. DREAMA
C 1 cures bad dreams, dys-
>^*^^^^ P«P«la, horrlblo
dreama. S^^r«^S*^ < Sw tlr ®* m * % head-
nUrht lllu- X,T/?»Nw ache
slona, nightmare. ■'■■^**^^'^^f J^^^.
Take a*, i Urht. If not:
cure! money refunded.' 25c
a box. DREAMA CO. Sold by
QKAST'S BALDWIN PHARMACY. X Vt;
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— the: —
BRITISH-AMERICA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, CANADA, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1597, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
' surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
1 fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
; 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
; per blank famished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
' Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $995.803 00
i Cash in banks 41.652 69
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 14.627 53
Premiums in due course of collection 204,108 14
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 12,123 91
Total assets $1,268,315 33
LIABILITIES.
! Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,278 66
Losses in process of adjustment or
; in suspense 9*.;'* **
i Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,739 45
! Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. $687,438 00;
I reinsurance 50 per cent. 343,719 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
j ning more than one year. $440,513 04;
I reinsurance pro rata 229,489 96
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent .- 40,214 48
Gross premiums on marine time
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent 1,667 86
All other demands against the com-
pany • 70,138 42
Total liabilities $503,522 47
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $882, 27
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 158,69165
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 34.561 41
Total income $1,075.63143
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $456,904 37
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 115, 653 01
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 194.254 06
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 41,193 68
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 29.732 13
All other payments and expenditures 72.390 21
Total expenditures $940. 157 44
Flre. Marine.
Losses Incurred during
the year $491.419 96 $120,320 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $95,100.14-1 $1,154,275 47
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 82,046,685 1,122,149 67
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 94.343.145 1,127.95104
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $24,097,756 $205,590 35
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 24.460,012 196,954 94
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 2.111.053 41-.582 31
J. J. KENNY. Vice-President.
P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, IS9S.
11. D. GAMBLE, Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
General Agents,
221 SANSO/VIE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
a HO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joy:- and ambition* of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of »rvou« Debility are
Absolutely \ cured by PERFEfTO
TA BL.ETB. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, falling memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions orexce^e->of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the «ystem. Give xfflS^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes or£Hr7\youn>r or old.
One 50e box renew* vital energy. fyX'J*' boxes at
f2. iO a complete guaranteed cure TjTjy' or money re-
funded. Can be carried In vent '•■•»' pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TIIK PKRFKITO CO., Ctxron iitdj,, Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., San Fran, and' Oakland.
111 1 «fIV'H>J» _H ■ Big Ols a non-polfonooaj
<? r*>S^^**"«CS>4^J remedy for Gonorrlitra,
jfi39GrcCllEb*G3B Oleet, -Spermatorrhoea,
/kjfyin 1 to 5 ilaTi.\fl Whites, unnatural ilia-
StEjm Oa»r»at*«d |3 charges, or any intlammt-
fSfl boi to «trl«tur«. tion. irritation or ulcera-
Ijffcii contagion. tlon of »n com mem-
&!VaTH£EvJINSCHEUIP»I On. t""ane«. Non-astringent.
Vg»LCINCiNNAT!,O Sold by l>«-a*3rlatu.
IBM\ r; s i SsHT or B0I ' t ln rain wrapper,
JSE*®^ ' ' L^S^a b ? upress. prepaid, fur
*Jytt2BS^marS3t&\M 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottle., (2.75.
*^V|flPP^V' ■ Circular cut on Truest.
WBGflyCaMJrtar
56
SATURDAY AUGUST^i^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Propnetor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mala 1874.
fHE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND BUNDAYI I*
gerved by carriers In tbls city and surroundlno *c mm
for 15 cent* o week- By mall $6 per year; per montfc
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $I.St
OAKLAND OFFICE ..'♦,...♦... *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R«ftA« Ho«s»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. •
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlaft
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 387 hjayes street, open until
*30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
•'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mls«lon street, open urjtll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2515
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open unt»' 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, opea
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Trilby "
Alcazar— "Yorick" a Love' . /
Moroeco'e— "Work and Wages '
Tivoll— "Lohengrin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pouaa »iaa.
Olympia-Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
tutro's Baths Swimming.
Central Park—" The Baitie of Manilla."
Kecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing- Park.
Coursing- lngleslde Coursing Park.
El Catnpo— Music, dancing.boating, fishing, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento. September 5.
THE IRISH FAIR.
WITH the opening of the Irish fair this evening
there will be begun for our people and for visi
tors to the city a series of entertainments of
more than ordinary beauty, brilliancy and pleasure.
No people better understand the art of enjoying life
than the Irish; none are more genial with friends or
more hospitable to strangers that come with friendly
purposes. It is therefore well assured that all who
attend the fair will receive a cordial welcome and find
themselves in a joyous company.
The object of the fair is to raise money for a fund
designed ior the construction of a stately edifice to
be used as a common home for the various Irish so
cieties of the city and to be known as Celtic Hall. It
is therefore orje which appeals not only to persons of
Irish birth or ancestry, but to all citizens who have
sufficient civic pride to feel an interest in its archi
tectural embellishment and the promotion of its social
organizations.
The United States as a nation and every State and
city in her wide domain owe much to the Irish race.
Nine men of that race were among the signers of the
Declaration of Independence, and from that time to
the present day Irishmen have been conspicuous in
every field of American endeavor, whether in peace
or war. They have been important factors in every
advance made in our industrial development, and
wherever under our battle flag the fortune of war has
demanded a sacrifice or granted a triumph they have
been conspicuous for courage and patriotism.
It is particularly pertinent now to recall that among
the salient characteristics of the Irish race is that of
generosity. Every movement of a public nature un
dertaken in the United States has been liberally aided
by the Irish residents of the community where it was
carried forward. They have contributed freely to the
<nterpri?es of other social and benevolent organiza
tions, and it is but just they should receive the re
ward of their friendly helpfulness.
Reciprocity is always commendable, and in this in
stance those who now return the past favors received
from their Irish friends, by giving a liberal patronage
to the fair, will find reward not only in the satisfaction
of aiding a good cause, but in the delight of doing
so under circumstances of social enjoyment perfected
by every accessory of music, mirth and beauty.
POLITICAL NEWS WITHOUT BIOS.
IZZJOREMOST among the purposes of this paper
is that of publishing the news, setting it forth
* correctly, with no coloring of prejudice. At
present political news is prominent, and to the prac
tical exclusion of ordinary topics interest centers
about the action of the several parties. This action
will be fully described to the end of the campaign just
as it has up to the close of the Democratic conven
tion.
The Call will support the Republican ticket, do all
in its power to elect it, and has from the first made
its position known. But being a newspaper it will
tell whatever may happen. Its reports of the Demo
cratic convention were the fullest and by far the best.
This is a simple matter of record, easy to verify by
a glance at the files of all the city papers. Many con
gratulations have been received from people of all
political faiths expressing pleasure that they are able
to read the report of a convention and find it exhaus
sive, correct and fair, an exposition of what actually
happened, unaccompanied by any effort to make
black appear white.
Tuesday the Republicans- meet at Sacramento to
nominate a ticket which will, except for some con
tingency not discernible now, be elected. All the
State wants to know without delay what that conven
tion does. It is the province of the newspapers to
give the information, and The Call is a newspaper.
There will be daily complete and reliable details
sent by a corps of practical men who, while not "spe
cial commissioners." know what news is, where to
get it and how to present it to the people.
A captain of Ohio volunteers is to be court
martialed for cowardice, and serve him right. No
soldier has any excuse for being the sort of coward
who runs away. He can get scared, probably will,
and perhaps under the impulse of fright fight so as
to win mention for bravery. A man who is made of
such stuff that he will take to his legs at a critical
moment ought to know it in advance and avoid the
moment.
For McNab to decline the nomination from the
Fourth was a generous act. Fancy how the Fourth
would have felt with a McNab representing it at
Washington. McNab would have been defeated, un
less for the intervention of a miracle, and miracles
are scarce, but somebody might have found out that
he was running and have had a laugh on the Fourth.
Without the slightest asperity toward Cassin we
venture the prediction that his career as a convention
chairman is at an end.
If the south fail to get everything in sight it will not
be ior lack of the willingness to reach for it
LONG AS THE IMMORAL LAW.
THE Democratic platform is great in its length.
For the rest of its quality it may be said to be a
curiosity.
It begins by affirming its "adherence to the time
honored principles of Democracy enunciated by
Thomas Jefferson and grandly upheld by his Demo
cratic successors."
Then the instrument proceeds to demand the free
and unlimited coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to I.
Jefferson said the ratio of the two metals is a com
mercial problem entirely and cannot be controlled by
statute, and Jackson said that gold is the universal
and only honest standard of value. The platform says
that "While we do not favor an aggressive policy of
territorial expansion we are opposed to the surrender
to Spain of any of the territory that has been acquired
by American valor and the expenditure of the blood
and treasure of our people." If territory acquired by
war is not territory taken by aggression, then war
has ceased to be an aggressive business. This is a
plain and unequivocal indorsement of imperial expan
sion. Jefferson said that we might acquire Cuba
safely, for no addition to our navy would be needed
to hold it, and that herein should be the rule limiting
our expansion; that we should acquire no soil requir
ing an aditional navy to defend it: more adherence
to the time-honored principles of Jefferson.
The platform demands that the Government bid in,
hold and operate the Central Pacific road. Jefferson
believed that the Government had no business to be
in business, and that when it reached the limit of its
police powers beyond that the people should be left
free in the exercise of their business and industrial
talents.
The principle of representative government is dis
carded and direct legislation by popular vote is de
manded, in the form of the referendum and mandate,
without any provision for the rationalizing of such
direct legislation by the judicial branch of the Gov
ernment. Jefferson said in his first inaugural that the
will of the majority to be right must be reasonable,
and to rationalize that will the judicial branch of the
Government was organized by the constitution. He
also said in the Declaration of Independence that
man has certain inalienable rights, meaning those
beyond the jurisdiction of a majority. This platform
sweeps all such rights away and lays every personal
and property right of man open to the attack of a
popular majority, and then denies to the courts the
authority to judicially protect such rights when so
attacked!
The courts are mentioned only to defame and treat
them as public enemies. The right of a court to pro
tect private property by injunction is denied, and the
demand of the Chicago platform in that matter is in
dorsed. To deny the defense of property rights by
injunction is equivalent to denial of the defense of
personal rights by habeas corpus. ' The writs are
twins in law. If one fall no argument remains for the
preservation of the other.
The platform, having denied the authority of the
courts to protect property, demands the adoption of
the constitutional amendment giving to counties and
municipalities the right to adopt such system of taxa
tion as a majority of their people may elect to have.
This amendment is the stalking horse of Judge
Maguire's single tax. The theory of the single tax
is the denial of the right of private ownership of land.
This local option in taxation is intended to put it in the
hands of a majority to vote every man's land away
from him. It is an invitation to those who have not
had the thrift to acquire land to take it by force from
those who have. It is a policy which leaves all other
forms of property, money, credits, manufacturing
plants, bonds, stocks and mortgages free from tax,
and compels the land to bear the whole public burden.
The foregoing are the platform declarations upon
issues of government and public policy. The rest of
its length is devoted to vote-begging propositions of
every conceivable kind.
One of these is worthy of analysis. In proposing a
rule for fixing freights and fares the instrument de
mands that these shall be adjusted "upon the actual
value of the railroad, measured by the cost of re
producing it at any given time at which, the rates are
to be fixed." Railroads pay their debts out of their
income. They are constructed by the sale of bonds.
These have to be paid as a fixed charge out of the
freights and fares received. If a railroad and its
equipment cost $20,000 a mile and before the maturity
of its bonds can be duplicated for $10,000 a mile, its
income, according to this platform, must be reduced
to a $10,000 a mile basis, and out of this it must pay
its $20,000 a mile debt. It will be observed, too, that
the platform does not propose to tax a railroad on an
assessment equal to the cost of duplicating it. Taxa
tion is to remain on the basis of original cost.
Then with characteristic demagogy the platform
says that liberal wages must be paid by railroads, and
all railroads shall be compelled to pay them!
If we are to have this system of taxation of the
original cost and income on the basis of cost of re
production it will be seen that confiscation is the only
result.
No more capital can be secured to extend the rail
way systems of the State. No member of that con
vention with a dollar to invest would put it into mak
ing needed additions to the transportation system of
California. Therefore it may be fairly charged that
the so-called anti-railroad planks of this remarkable
platform are without value, because they are not con
sistent and neutralize each other. The power to tax
is not authority to confiscate, and the plan of fixing
freights and fares is opposed to the decisions of the j
United States Supreme Court in the Minnesota and
Texas cases, and would be held null and void if at- ,
tempted. Hence as a means of reasonable and proper
public control of railways the platform plan is a snare
and delusion. But this platform is only half of the
platform on which the ticket is running. Judge
Maguire demanded that nothing in it should antago
nize the Populist platform, and the committee of that
party, which notified him that he is its candidate for j
Governor, told him that the Democratic party, since j
the Populist party was organized, had entirely
changed its principles!
So the ticket is riding on both platforms, and,
taken together, they antagonize at every point our
system of government provided by the constitution;
they attack the safeguards of every right of person
and property; they assail the public credit, and pro
pose the destruction of every political institution
founded by the fathers and believed to be necessary
to the happiness and prosperity of our people and the j
perpetuity of the republic.
Spain shows an inclination to balk. She should
remember that the Mayor says it is impossible to
jump half-way down Niagara, and, having taken the
leap, she would better land as gracefully as possible.
It is without desire to intrude upon a neighbor's
grief we mention the fact that the yellow journal is
not running the Popo-Demo two-ringed show. It is
merely one of the exhibits.
When there is a fatal collision on the water front it
is worth while finding out who is to blame. Colli
sions do not occur spontaneously.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
THE marked characteristic of Judge Maguire has
been the evanescent quality of his political con
victions. He has a keen eye for popular preju
dices and follows them with the energy of a devotee
so long as they lead toward an office. This accounts
for his advocacy of so many antagonistic things. He
must be credited, however, with a steadfast devotion
to the single tax. True, he lays it down or puts it
behind his back when necessary to get an office, but
he always goes fondly back to it, as a little girl does
to her rag doll. By making himself the candidate of
three political parties he has secured ample scope for
the contents of his grab bag of political beliefs, and
is able to appeal to the whole group of popula- preju
dices.
Of principles he has no thoughtful conception. A
creature of impulse, yet even his impulses are safely
bitted and controlled by his constant itch for office,
which torments like an eczema. He has held more
offices and longer than any other public man in Cali
fornia and has accomplished less for the public. His
art has been to foil his inefficiency in securing per
manent results by pointing to what he prevented.
The Examiner gave him the sobriquet of the "Little
Giant," borrowed from Stephen A. Douglas, be
cause of his supposed service in preventing the pass
age of the funding bill. But in the end he let it pass
when uttering two words, "I object," would have
beaten it. So with his whole official history. It is
strewn with words, words, word.s, thicker than
autumn leaves on the creeks of Vallombrosa, and is
as vacant of acts as a stone is of nutriment.
He runs upon a mosaic platform, which attacks
everything that is. Every institution founded on our
constitutional system is antagonized by it. He holds
out to growing manhood the lure of a coming Utopia,
in which every man shall have what he wants by
legislative enactment and without personal exertion.
To him government is the creator of personal for
tune. Law can create value. There is nothing natural
in nature. Everything is artificial. The distinctions
in life and the differences in fortune and fate he de
clares to be artificial, to be changed by more artifice.
His election and the elevation to power of the poli
tical rag and tag and bobtail he represents would be
a calamity to California. His defeat has become a
civic duty. In his speech in Congress on anarchy
and nihilism he distinctly glorified assassination, and
among his supporters are the prominent advocates
of murder as a proper public policy and means of
reform.
The line is drawn by his nomination, not between
parties, but between order and anarchy. Let us see
which will win.
STATISTICS OF REGISTRATION.
IT is to be hoped that the statistics of registration in
this city will not confirm the Republicans in the
idea that this is their "year" and that nothing they
can do will produce defeat. There has been a lulling
off of over 10,000 in the registrations, but a general
effort to create the impression that this in some way
is favorable to the .Republican party because the de
crease is alleged to be heaviest in Democratic dis
tricts is scarcely justifiable and exceedingly danger
ous. It never seems to occur to the authors of this
notion that perhaps the Republicans in these Demo
cratic districts have not registered. With strange
\ fatuity they stick to the idea that because the districts
showing a decrease are Democratic the phenomenon
must be in their favor.
It is certain, however, that no one can explain ex
actly why over 10,000 citizens of San Francisco have
decided this year to refrain from voting. Perhaps
they take no interest in the issues of the campaign;
perhaps they think things will get along without their
interference, and that it is easier to stay at home than
to vote; perhaps the early closing of registration has
caught them napping; perhaps — but perhapses could
be multiplied indefinitely. No one on earth can ex
actly determine why these 10,000 citizens have not
registered without personally interviewing each one
and compiling his reasons.
But why should the Republicans think that this
apathy, or carelessness, or whatever it is, will im
prove their chances of winning the election? That
the decrease is heaviest in the Democratic districts
signifies nothing politically. Four years ago Budd
and Sutro, the Democratic and Populist candidates
for Governor and Mayor respectively, carried many
of the strongest Republican precincts in the city. In
all of them they defeated the Republican candidates
from a party standpoint. Had Estee, for instance,
run as well north as he ran south of Market street,
from a party point of view, he would have been elect
ed. Why, then, talk about a decrease in registration
benefiting anybody?
The truth is, nothing in these days makes party
success certain, except the nomination of strong, in
dependent and active candidates. If all the Demo
crats in San Francisco were to refrain from register
ing and the Republican municipal convention were
to nominate for Mayor a man known to be the tool
of the political bosses and corporations, the party
would be buried under a shower of disapproving bal
lots.
This is the lesson the Republicans must learn if
i they would secure political power and retain it. The
Democrats have thoroughly mastered the proposi
tion. For twenty years they have been generally put
ting their strong and independent men to the front,
and they have won three out of four Governors,
i nearly defeated a fourth and converted San Francisco
I into almost a permanent Democratic town. The poli
tical character of the registration has had nothing to
!do with this. Party lines hang loosely on the people
| nowadays. Conventions and platforms serve to
amuse the politicians and the newspapers, but the
people look at the candidates. They know that the
purest political principles may be subverted by cor
■ rupt officials and that no government can be econo
mical or honest when administered by the patronage
: bosses and the corporations.
To succeed this year the Republican party of both
city and State must look to its candidates and not to
registration, war sentiment, convention "combina
tions" or the favor of corporations and political
bosses.
There is nothing in the rumor that some of the
Harney followers had to walk home from Sacra
mento. Most of them had return tickets, and more
than a few made a successful appeal to the victorious
crowd.
In Alford's nominating speech he alluded to the
present as "the midnight of industrial darkness." The
gentleman takes too gloomy a view. It is getting
along toward morning now.
If Sammy Braunhart believed himself a liar every
time some fellow-delegate tendered,, the information
he was kept busy adding to his store of knowledge.
People who have returned from the warmth of
Sacramento are now reaching for their topcoats and
saying "There's no place like home."
"I went, I seen, I got done up." — A. M. L.
CANDIDATE MAGUIRE.
r- =_ _ I ALSO an amwT-
R P.IIK 0§ 6LRVLMS
MSSbf %Sgr W^Mra TAKEW F Oft THE CALL,
IUL 1 lUkl H fcLGUVLUIH THL
LATC WAR
o^^ Wa " feY CLtVELANO MOfrtTJ.
thy v]yftP4b f|| A PA6INC COAST ;
IlllJ f\lll! L § Wa TOMAKEfcOOMPOKOf^OF
' f 11 THE STRONGEST ICATIOMS '
!I^J § [mm iNTntyokLO.^
— ' ' ' Hi 46kOS$Tf1L '
KIPVT 111 COMTWItIiT
LAI L»;' B>Y t>g&TOiH
) U mUmT ) \!m LATLST
rAII ■ III w . W6ti:.or ;
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
R. C. Sargent, a capitalist of Stockton,
is at the Russ.
Frank S. Johnson and wife of San Ra
fael are guests at the Palace.
Bank Commissioner John Markley is
making the Lick his headquarters.
Dr. E. W. Wells, a prominent physician
of Htunboldt, is registered at the Grand.
Lewis llamberger, a large paper manu
facturer of New York City, is at the Cali
fornia.
J. M. Glass, Chief of Police of Los An
gelrs, is at the Baldwin, accompanied by
his family.
S. M. Mc-Gowan, superintendent of the
Indian Reservation near Phoenix, Ariz.,
is at the Russ.
James Campbell and family of Hono
lulu were among the arrivals at the Occi
dental yesterday.
W. K. Guthrie and wife of Red Bluff
and C. H. McKevett of Santa Paula are
guests at the Palace.
E. B. Willis, the proprietor of the Sac
ramento Record-Union, Is at the Rusa
with his wife and son.
Senator D. A. Ctetrom of Yuba, C. Erlck
son of Martinez and M. J. Wright of Sac
ramonto are at the Grand.
George B. Cole of San Bernardino. E. C.
Rust of Jackson and M. J. Byrnes of
Visalia are registered at the Lick.
5 "I was reading
J In thl3 column a
J few days ago
I about the reading
In this column a
few days agro
about the slngu
~ lar epitaph
* placed over the
5 grave of a man
**>»<.^^~~~~ —-5 who wanted the
earth and grot It," said Thomas
Sheldon, who Is registered at the
Palace from New Orleans, last night,
"and it reminded me of one dedicated to
an old man of my acquaintance, John
Beaver by name, who died some time ago
in the Credent city.
A GOOD
SOLDIER
IN PEACE
"The old fellow had been in the Civfl
"War and was drafted Into the Confed
erate service much against his will, for
his sympathies were at all times with
the North. He made a very poor sol
dier for the rebel side, It is said, and
many times he was on the point of. de
serting, but was restrained from so do
ing by his watchful companions. He
was a listless participator in the few
engagements in which he took part, and
it was really a wonder that he was
never dishonorably discharged.
"However, the war at last came to an
end, and after several years of idleness
John eventually got a minor position in
the custom-house in New Orleans. Act
ing on the principle that he had worked
hard to get the place, John did not feel
it incumbent on him to work any more
after that, and he did as little as he pos
sibly could. He was addicted to the
extremely bad habit, which some Gov
ernment officers possess, of 'soldiering,'
which has come to mean the shirking
or avoidance of legitimate duties. He
was often known to fall fast asleep dur
ing official hours, but his 'pull' kept him
in his place. He finally died in the
harness and his epitaph, to which I have
referred, was as follows:
To John Beaver:
Extinguished — the battle's red grlare,
The cannon's loud b>>lchlngs cease;
Up was a poor soldier In war.
But made a good "soldier" in peace.
Ijleutenant Commander Drake, Mrs.
Drake and Mrs. W. W. Barry of the Navy
Yard, Mare Island, are at the Occidental
for a short stay.
Irving H. Mulholland, a newspaper
man of Independence, Inyo County, and
John MeGonigle, proprietor of the Ven
tura Democrat, are registered at the
Lick.
D. K. Trask, a .Los Angeles attorney:
Dr. C. W. Nutting of Etna, Cal., and J.
B. McGonagle, a dry goods merchant of
Ogden, are some of the arrivals at the
Baidwin.
Mayor M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles;
Clio L. Lloyd, editor of the Santa Bar
bara Morning Press, and Sciplo Craig of
Redlands, are registered at the Occidental
for a short stay.
Charles J. Harrah and family of Phila
delphia, J. E. Patton Jr. of Milwaukee. I*
A. Lewis of Portland, and Andrew Mc-
Clelland of Pueblo. Colo., are among the
guests at the Palace.
J. G. McCall, who for twenty-three
years was Pacific Coast agent for the
Erie road, has been appointed passenger
and freight agent <>f the Burlington, with
headquarters at Oakland.
Ju'lge William B. Veuve of Los Qatos,
H. K. White, a capitalist of Rochester.
N. V., J. W. Browning, a mining man of
Denver, and Nathan Cole Jr. of Los An
geles are guests at the California,
ATJQUSTI'S CAKEER.
Lieutenant General Bernardo August!,
Governor General of the Philippines,
gained his experience of war In the sup
pression of the last Carlist rebellion in
Spain. He took an active part in the
campaigns which broke the power of the
Carlist leaders, and won for himself the
reputation of being an energetic soldier,
devoted to his profession. He held sev
eral Important commands, and at the
close of the war had attained to the rank
of general of division. He was at that
time a comparatively young man; to-day
he is 58 years old. Three years ago he was
appointed commander of the ' Eighth
Army Corps, stationed at Corunna, and
later was placid at the head of the Sixth
Army Corps, at Burgos. He has not had
much experience in Spanish colonial af
fairs, having been appointed Governor
General of the Philippines only a few
months ago.
Santi-aw-go or Santi-a-go?
Says Hobson to Sampson, "I can't make
a speech.
For somehow I can't make my jaw go;
But I'll not be content
Without your consent
To gTant me permission to close up the
vent
That leadß to the ba" of Santi-aw-go."
Says Sampson, "Dear boy, it's a hazard
ous job,
But I think on the whole you may go,
So take an old boat
That's not worth a groat
And Feuttle her safely just there in the
throat
Of the strait to the bay of Santi-a go."
J. W. BUTTON.
Oakland, Cal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COMMODORE— A. S., City. The rank
of commodore in the United States navy
was created in 1562. In July of that year
the rank was conferred c"n seventeen offi
cers who were on the retired list and on
eighteen who were on the active list.
You will have to write to the Secretary of
the Navy to ascertain which of the thir
ty-five received the iirst commission.
SANDWICH ISLANDS— W. C. and oth
ers. Newville, Glenn County, Cal. It is
not the province of the department of
Answers to Correspondents to advise peo
ple to go into this or that business, to in
vest money, or to go to this or that coun
try with a view to bettering condition. If
it Is your desire to go to the Sandwich
Islands, now that they have become
American territory, you must take your
chances of becoming prosperous and ad
vancing, just as you would in going to any
other country. If you have energy, ability
and pluck you will probably succeed wher
ever you desire to locate.
TO KILL BLACK ANTS— R. R., City.
Turpentine squirted by means of a sew
ing machine oiling can into cracks where
the ants assemble will destroy them.
Wormwood leaves scattered about their
haunts will drive them away.
It Is said that houses infected with ants,
red or black, may be disinfected by a lit
tle attention. The remedy suggested is
as follows: "A sponge is the best thing.
Sprinkle It with dry white sugar; the
sponge being slightly moist it will adhere.
The ants will go in large numbers into the
cells of the sponge after the sugar, and
they can be destroyed in boiling water.
The sponge can then be squeezed out,
sugared again find returned to the infect
ed place for another haul and this kept up
until all are caught."
PEANUTS— W. M. H., San Diego, Cal.
In the culture of peanuts the soil has to
be taken Into consideration. Light gray
soil, without being too sandy, produces
the most marketable crops, the light col
ored nut. The pods partake of the color
of the soil. The nut will not fruit ex
cept in calcareous soil, which must be
light and clean. Planting should be done
as soon as possible after all danger of
frost Is past, in ridges three feet apart
one kernel being put every eight or ten
inches in the ridge. The kernels before
planting are carefully hulled, for if the
skin covering them is broken the chances
are against their growing. The cultiva
tion is such as will keep the soil mellow
and the weeds down. The yield is from
twenty-five to thirty bushels to the acre
POSTOFFICE, TREASURY AND
MINT— X. W., City. In the Postal De
partment the hours are eiyht for carriers.
For clerks the office hours are generally
eight, but if occasion requires they must
put in as many more hours as tho service
requires. At the Treasury Department
the hours are from 10 a. m. to 3 p.m., ex
cept Saturdays, when the office close? at
1 p. m. The hours at the Mint are from 9
a.m .to 3 p. m.
The salaries at the Mint range from
$2 25 per day to $4500 a year. In the Treas
ury Department the salaries are from $S2O
to $4000 a year: and in the Post office from
$1 a day to $6000 a year. To give the sal
ary list In detail would occupy about a
column of room, and that amount of
space this department cannot devote to
one answer. If you wish to know any
particular salaries this department will
furnish the amount paid.
A TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECE— F. L.
M., Salmon Falls, Cal. In the coinage of
United States gold coin all geld is made
900 fine, and the value of this is per grain
.03&76. In every twenty-dollar' piece there
are 516 grains of 900 fine gold, so that
the intrinsic value of gold in a double
eagle is $20.00016. In other -tfords, a twen
ty-dollar piece issued from the mints of
the United States contairs, exclusive of
the alloy used to harder the coin, gold
of the value of $20 and a small fraction.
The copper alloy used ttt the purpose of
hardening coin is worth about 2 cents per
ounce, and the value of the alloy in a
twenty-dollar piece is so little that it can
not be stated in SgurM that any but a
master in such would understand.
In the mints standard gold bullion may
be deposited in any amount for the benefit
of the depositor without charge for coin
age, but when other than standard bul
lion is received for coinage a charge is
made for parting, jt for refining, or for
copper alloy, as thi case may be. Refin
ing is the elimination from the bullion of
all base metal. Parting is the separation
i of any silver which may be contained in
I the bullion. Tbe Jhaxges for these opera
tions vary, according to the actual ex
pense. The depositor receives in gold
coin the full value of the gold in his bul
lion, less such charges as indicated.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A SNAKE DEAL.
Mayor Price of Macon has not yet heard
the last of his snake deal. Some time ago
he wanted rain. He advertised for snakes,
secured several at a cost of $S 55, hung
one or more dead ones in a persimmon
tree, and got his rain. He thinks, there
fore, that the deal is complete and that
he is not under any sort of obligation to
anybody, and really it looks that way to
outsiders. Nevertheless, a negro who fur
nish, d the Mayor with the particular
snake which it is alleged brought the
rain thinks otherwise. He is trying to
pose as a public benefactor, and thinks
that in recognition of his services the
Mayor should furnish him with an office.
He has the merit of being easily satisfied,
however, and has said that he would be
content to drive a city cart, if a softer
berth cannot be found for him. Since the
Mayor himself would be entitled to the
office of Municipal Rainmaker, should the
city of Macon set- fit to create such an of
fice, it is not readily apparent what office
Bofber than a city cart could be given the
snake catcher. — Savannah News.
THE LYCEUMS SYNDICATED.
It seems that in the South the syndicate
idea has found its way into the lyceums
which engage lecturers. At present the
lyceums are working independently, and
the result is that those which have not
much capital have to put up with an in
ferior order of lecturers. The Augusta
Chronicle says: "As we understand it,
the total cost of maintaining an organiza
tions for all the lyceums (now about
twenty in number) will not exceed $2500
per year. The total sum expended for
lecture courses by these lyceums last year
was in the neighborhood of $25,000. It i 9
safe to say that about 25 per cent of this
sum could have been saved last year had.
co-operation been effective among the
lyeeums. Every lyceum will grow, and
in a few years will probably be expending
in the neighborhood of $2COO each, which
is now the appropriation of Augusta,"
The lecturers will undoubtedly profit by
the arrangement. The novelists have cer
tainly made money out of the application
of the syndicate system to the sale of
their stories. The lecturer will, of course,
not obtain such large prices fur his work
as he gets now, but he will have many
more engagements, and the labor of travel
will be reduced by the establishment of.
connected routes. The only remarkable
thing about the scheme is that it was not
thought of before.— New York Times.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Panta Yo
route. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market.
Volunteers leaving for the .Snuth— Provide
yourselves -with a bottle of Dr. Siegerfs Angos
tura Bitters. Prevents ill effects of bad water.
SECBETABIES OF THE NAVY.
New England has furnished the Secre
tary of the Navy in each of the three
wars in which the American navy his
Borne a conspicuous part. Benjamin \V.
Crownimhield was Secretary during the
war of 1812.' Gideon Welles of Connecticut
was the' official head of the department
through the rebellion. John J->. I .King of
Massachusetts will so down to history as
the man under whose administration the
American Navy saw its most glorious
days. Massachusetts has a right to: be
proud of the man whom she has given
to the war Cabinet, for, without dispar
agement to any other. Secretary Long
may be rightfully called the most efficient
in his place of any of the President's of
ficial family. He has risen to the full,
height of his opportunities: his vision has
expanded as the unfolding panorama of
war has opened up new vistas, and he has
I displayed a luminous intelligence in the
. conduct of the war which has been the
source of unfailing wonder to those who
i were familiar only with his kindliness of
heart and his love for peace. Until war
came Secretary Long prayed that it might
Ibe averted. The moment war became a
f'jt he sprang forward to the responsi
i bilities it imposed upon him with a cour
age and a confidence which were an in
! spiration.— Boston Journal. - ■ V • ; ■ :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
{ V.
ROYAL BAKINQ POWDER CO., NEW YORK.SLIPSHOD
PAVING ON
MARKET STREET
Skimping on Material
and Labor.
CONTRACTS BEING VIOLATED
INSUFFICIENT CEMENT AND
DIRTY SAND.
Borne Important Discoveries Have
Been Made by The Call's Ex
pert Investigating the
Work.
• The impunity with which contractors
'disregard specifications in • doing work
' for the City finds a striking illustration
• In the method of repaying Market street,
: now in prog] The City Street Im
• provement Company, which has this con
tract in hand, is daily violating the agree
: ment made with the city under bond, to
' do the work on certain specified lines. So
open and flagrant is the disregard, both
• of the' letter and the spirit of the con
tract, that any citzen with his eyes open
■ cannot fail to ascertain the facts after
• brief personal inspection. The contract
brs are saving on the material and work
• provided for under the contract and the
result will be an inferior pavement on the
« .most Important business street in San
Francisco.
'. The Call has had an expert at work for
..' several days, going over the street and
looking into the matter. If the city's in
spector,. Mr. Turner, is carefully super
vising the construction, the fact, so far,
• is not apparent.
The Call proposes to present the facts
• for the benefit of citizens generally, and
■ Incidentally for the enlightenment of the
committee on streets of the .Board of
' Supervisors.
.In order to make a conclusive showing i
. The Call's representative selected a por- j
• tion of Market street lying between New i
Montgomery and Second street. Accord- (
ing to exact measurements there should
. have been laid on 172x17 feet of that block
: 2193 cubic fee', of concrete. A most liberal :
•■ interpretation of the specifications would
require the use of seventy-three barrels
of cement, eighty-one cubic yards of rock
■ and twenty-three cubic yards of sand in
laying the section of pavement In ques- j
tion. 
' Now the actual amount used, according |
to the investigations of The Call's expert, ,
was sixty barrels of cement, sixty-eight i
cubic yards of rock and twenty-four cu
=. bic yards of sand.
The concrete foundation was to be nine
Inches in thickness when finished. The j
. work was however, short fourteen cubic
yards of rock, while thirteen missing bar
' rels of cement are also to be charged up
to the profits of the contractor.
In the mixing of the concrete in some j
instances enough wat( was sprinkled
over the mixture to wash most of the ce
ment into the sub-foundations. At other
...times not enough water was put on to
. ; wet the. cement so that it would adhere to j
■ the rock. :• :
: ' The sand that was used was far from
' clean. It was yellow in color, showing
' the ' presence of clay and loam in large ;
• -.quantities, thereby making it unlit for >
use,- as cement will not adhere to clay or
• loam: A most aggravated case of mis-:
doing consisted in the sprinkling of dry
cement over the surface of the damp con
• crete after it had been lightly tamped
Into place with ten-pound hand tampers.
This made a showing on the surface for
' the benefit of spectators.
"' The specifications provided for the roll
■ Ing. of the sub-foundation with a five-ton
" "rp..er, or where Impracticable to do that,
.".eighty-pound tampers or a hand-roller
■weteto be used. This proviso was disre
• -'garded. If the work had been properly
.• -mlled or tamped, more concrete would
have been needed.
' , The specifications forbid the use of wet
or dry steam, or the application of direct
beat from flames in preparing bitumen
for use on the street. Yet the contractors
did heat the material by injecting wet
: -steam Into It. This practice can be ob
served any day.
Again, the specifications provide that
the. surface coating of bitumen shall, af- j
■ ter proper compression by a roller weigh- |
' ing 250 pounds to the inch run, have a
' uniform thickness of two and one-half
■ Inches, Furthermore, tests are to be con
•' tinually made by the Inspector, using a
'-ga'ugo. This official, it is noticed, gauged
the bitumen before it received ultimate
compression. As a result the layer is
- from two to two and one-quarter inches
thick. • Bitumen loses one-fifth by com-
pression.
The fact that the contractors made low
bids of $2S.ftOO all told for the renairing
wo.-k cannot excuse the failure to live up
to the contract.
It is figured that along the entire street
the saving on materials, if carried on
-evenly, in proportion to the saving on the
block investigated, will reach the value of
$5000, which represents a clear profit to
■ which the contractor cannot claim that
■ he is entitled. The worst feature of the
wholo affair is that the Market street
pavement is being constructed in an In
ferior manner and will, when finished,
be but another sample of the bad paving
jobs which have disgraced the city.
PHYLLOXERA DID IT.
gale of the Once Famous Groezinger
Vineyard. *
By a decree of foreclosure entered be
fore Judge Hamm of the Superior Court
of Napa on last Thursday the Groezinper
vineyard, consisting: of 1150 acres of land,
■In which there are 200 acres of grape- !
vines. 250,000 gallons of wine, a winery
125x160 feet, a warehouse 150x105 feet, to
gether with a dwelling-house which cost j
$20,000. was transferred from A. S. Edg
eriy to J. K. Prior of this city for the ;
Bum of $43,000.
•The property which fell into the pos
session of Millionaire Prior was acquired
"by him on a loan of $25,000 four years
".ago, the accumulated interest and the
cost of foreclosure making the difference
between this amount and that of $43,
000. This vineyard is one of the first
ever, laid out in the State of California
by an American. In 1860 G. Groezinger
bought several sections of land from
Senor Yount, after whom Yountville is
named, and started the vineyard in the
rich valley of Napa.
Groezinger, who had a thorough knowl
edge of wine-makingv spared no money
In -making his vineyard a success, which
he did. It was bo profitable that at one I
time he refused 5350,000 cash for It. Mis
fortune and phylloxera persecuted him,
and in 1880 he mortgaged the property to
■A. Borel for $90,000. Borel foreclosed in
1831 and sold the vineyard to Edgerly,
••who mortgaged it to Millionlaire Prior
, for the sum named.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mary Brown has applied for a divorce
■from Charles F. Brown on the ground of
. desertion. Suits for divorce on the ground
■ -of. cruelty have been filed by Theresa Ra
• mona Simpson against Thomas R. Simp
. eon, and Julie Crucellar against Gustav
•H. Crucellar. Daisy LucenTa Qedge asks
• for a divorce from Donald M G<Jdjre As
. a cause of complaint the plaintiff alleges
■ • desertion. °
. ' • Policeman Langford's Funeral.
The funeral of Policeman Thomas Lar.g
. ford, who shot himself on Wednesday
;• night will take place this morning at 11
. .o'clock from his late residence ZSB Or
■ . tavia street, to Holy Cross Cemetery Tho
. pallbearers will betaken from members
'. erf the force and Native Sons.
Town Talk.
This week's issue of Town Talk Is all in
royal purple, with beautiful Beatrice
. Priest Fine, who will go East next month
to finish her musical Bt"*Hea, ?>ortraitized
•on the title page. Politics takes up The
Parson's chat, also the groat or part of
■ "Our Opinion" and Aftermath. The
. gTapholoeical delineations occupy one
•pa#e, and the music and stage reviews are
extensive. Town Talk is the popular
• weekly of the Pacific Coast •
RELICS OF DEWEY'S VICTORY.
Interesting Objects From Montijo's Sunken
Ships and the Cavite Forts.
A boxful of curios and relics from the first battle of Manila has been
received by The Call for presentation to the Golden Jate Park Museum.
The donor"of the collection Is George Kittle. 729 Harrison street, ship's
carpenter of the Australia, which arrived in this port from Manila on
Wednesday.
While In port at Manila Kittle entertained himself during shore leave
■wandering about the battered walls of Cavite and picked up numerous in
teresting relics of that first victory of the war. Recognizing their histori
cal value he desires that they may be preserved where they can be exhjb
ited to the public, and asks The Call, In his name, to present them to the
Park Museum.
In the collection there Is a wooden frame that hung In the lookout's
room on Cavite point, and had held a calendar. A ball from one of the
guns of Dewey's fleet carried away the calendar, leaving the frame intact,
and drove a hole through the wall of the building. There is also a stone
out of the wall of the fort, and a portion of the port light of the Reina
Cristina. Mauser bullets, a one-pounder cartridge and a Spanish bayonet
are also in the collection. One of the most interesting relics Is a piece of
window sash containing small hits of a peculiar shell used in the place of
glass. The shells are wafer-like and semi-transparent, round of form and
about three to four inches in ammeter.
There are three Spanish record books bearing dates 1856, 1857 and 1874
respectively, nnd a bunch of official correspondence, with envelopes- wearing
addresses and canceled stamps.
The im-.i bex containing the collection Is alpo a relic, taken from one of
the sunken ships, where it was used for carrying ammunition.
Numerous other relics were brought by members of the ship's crew.
P. N. Man. 766 Bryant street, an electrician on the Australia, has quite a
largo collection, which he als^ will present to the Park Museum. There Is
a steam whistle from the cruiser Don Juan de Austria, a portion of the
gunwaje of the Reina Cristina and a sight from a six-inch gun. A piece
of lace from the uniform of an officer of Admiral Montljo"s staff. Snanish
button 1 ?, coins, an old flintlock gun and bayonets and bullets are among
the collection.
Other interesting relics that came by the same vessel are an officer's
gold-mounted saber and a large volume written in Spanish, which is
said to be the log book of the Reina Cristina' s voyage from Spain to Ma
nila. These were taken from the sunken cruiser by an officer of the Aus
tralia and subsequently came into the hands of Fireman Michael McNally,
who delivered them to John Roily, 613 Bryant street.
HAVE STRUCK
ANOTHER SNAG
Trouble Over Proposed
Restraining Dams.
HALF A MILLION NOT ENOUGH
SLOW PKOGRESS IN STARTING
THE PROJECT.
The Federal Engineers' Investiga
tions Show That the Big Dam
Will Cost a Mint of
Money.
Another snag — and a serious one — has
been struck in the enterprise of building
those restraining dams for which $500,000
was appropriated by the State and Gov
ernment some years ago, and for which
dollars will not more than build the first
definite estimates but stating probabilities
that appear now."
It transpires not only that the half
million available for the work will be
enough for only one dam at best but that
It may be inadequate even for that; and
nothing but planning can be done until
further appropriations are given by Con
gress.
There has never been any definite idea
about how far the $500,000 would go in
dam-building, but it has been vaguely
supposed that two or three could be built
on the Yuba, Feather and Bear Rivers.
The Federal engineers composing the
California Debris Commission have this
season for the first time gone to work on
the investigations on which plans and es
timates can be baaed. From the first the
mnsi important dam has been recognized
to be ihe one for the Yuba River. The
Narrows, above iviarysville, has been rec
ognized as the natural location for it, and
during the summer the work has been
concentrated on this prospective dam. lue
operations have consisted mainly of bor
ings to find the depth to bedrock and the
other conditions of a foundation, and for
some weeks this boring has been carried
on by Herbert Vlscher, a civil engineer
attached to the service, who is now keep
ing a dozen men at work.
A large number of tests have been
made and the fact has just been estab
lished that at every available point the
depth to bedrock is so great that the cost
of the dam -wiil be nearly double what it
would be if the bedrock lay close to the
surface There ifi everywhere a bed of
irravel from fifty to eighty-five feet deep,
-md the foundations of the dam must rise
strongly from the bedrock itself. The re
sult of 'what hits been learned is. accord
ing to Maior Heuer. that the half-million
dollars wUI not more than build the first
dam while there is a possibility that it
will 'not be enough and that nothing can
be done until more money is given.
"We expect now to be able to report
definitely to Congress by December 1 "
said Major Heuer yesterday. "It is likely
that Mr Vischer will be through with his
investigations and make his report within
thirty nays, and then we can furnish defi
nite 'estimates. It appears probable now
that this dam will consume all the appro
priations, and it Is even possible that Con
gress will have to Drovide more money
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
before we can go ahead. The. depth of
gravel that has been found would make
the foundation more than half the cost
of the dam. The dam should be 160 feet
high to hold the debris of future years
and to sink eighty feet for foundations
tor such a dam would be costly work
You understand that I am not "making
definite estimates but stating probabilities
that appear now."
Major l iouer's statement of probable
cost does not include payment for prop
erty bought <* condemned for the dam
and the great reservoir behind it and
nothing very definite has been figured out
on this score. An electric light and power
company which is eagerly flouring on the
great waterpower the dam Tould provide
hap bought property stretching for four
miles up the river from the dam, and Is
after more. It is understood that this
company would trade this property to the
Government for advantages to itself The
building of tills dam will be a great and
costly engineering feat, and it becomes
doubly interesting through its secondary
feature. It will put a waterfall 150 feet
high in thr- Tuba River but a few biles
from Marysville, and another great elec
tric light power plant is in sight.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. I">r.
Gordln, Sanitarium, i! 4 Pine.nr. Kearny S.F. Cal.
THE MILK AND SELTZER "GROWLER."
Anna Held's Lacteal Baths Are Cold Frosts Beside the
New Turn of J, J, Gottlob.
There Is a new kind of a "growler rusher" in town,
and his innumerable friends will be pained to learn
that this innovation is due to J. J. Gottlob of Fried
lamlor, Gottlob & Co., purveyors of amusement to the
public at the Columbia, Baldwin and California Thea
ters. Everybody who personally knows "JaKe likes
him. but his associates for a month to come will look
upon him with more or less suspicion.
It will be remembered that Mr. Gotlobt) has Just re
turned from a visit of several weeks to New York,
whore he went to bonk attractions for the coming
theatrical season. Like old dog Tray before his fall,
he departed in pood condition and reputf, taking his
full-grown appetite and appreciation of the gilded things
of life with him. He returns only a ghostly reminder
of his former gustatory self, bringing not the gout but
a "Saratoga" full of regrets, which he now has on file
for future reference.
Whereas he formerly played in the full glare of the
footlights on the hot bird and the cold ' bot, and
gazed out on the sunny side of Comfort street, re
garding the world as a ripe watermelon ready to bo
plugged, he is now dancing on the stage gridiron, re
gretting that he ever came In contact with those bad
New York show people.
Tho ghostly truth must be told.
The once-prized patron of the places where the
menu card and the accompanying bill are a yard long
is In disrepute. By reason of his acts in tempting tho
terror— gout— his heartless physician has just put poor
Mr. Gotlobb on a milk and seltzer diet for thirty days,
with not an ounce of solid food. If. therefore, there is
any sudden rise in the price of the lacteal fluid in this
city, or if it become necessary for Inspector Dockery
to raid dairymen for diluting their goods, it can all be
blamed to Mr. Gotlobb.
Two office boys are growing thin and wan rushing
tho milk "growler" and trying to satisfy the internal
cravings of the erstwhile happy theatrical man.
It is a deplorable sight to see this former well-fed,
Bturdy gentleman sitting at his desk doing the brain
fagging act and at the same time endeavoring to
obtain subsistence from a nursing bottle, and keep the
office boys hustling up the requisite supply of liquid
food.
A serious feature of the case is the sudden and un
usual drain on the net box office receipts, and If any
one observes a far-away look in Sam Friedlander's
eye it can be attributed to the fact that he is won
dering where all this milk food is coming from.
In conclusion, the suggestion is offered that any one
who has a grudge against Herr Gotlobb can square
accounts with the gentleman by inviting him to a
"wide-open" dinner at a first-class French restaurant,
for he is hungrier than a Colorado desert tramp, and
won't eat. . . :.'
This latter statement goes for thirty days only.
A FRAUD ON
THE CHINESE
Deception in the Guise
of Charity.
NOT THE SALVATION ARMY
SUBSCRIPTIONS COLLECTED BY
FALSE CREDENTIALS.
The Lieutenant of the Chinese Corps
of the Salvation Army
Makes a Dis
covery.
The officers of -the Salvation Army claln
to have made a discovery of fraud whlcl
has been practiced
on unsuspecting
Chinese merchants
for snmo time past.
In the guise of
members of the
Chinese Corps of the
Salvation Army sev
eral men have ob
tained subscriptions
from well-to-do Chi
nese, fraudulently
representing them
selves to be bona
fide members of tho
army.
The army mem
bers solicit sub
scriptions regularly
from Chinese busi
ness houses for the
purpose of relieving
poor and distressed
Celestials. Tne Sal
vation Army itself
is a well-known or
ganization in China
town and receives a
ready assistance
from the Chinese
merchants. The
other charitable or
ganizations, such
as the Gospel Army
and the God's Reg
ular Army are prac- - »
ticaily unknown in that locality and uo
little or no relief work for the Chinese.
The deception that has been practices is
made easy since the books which U.e col
lectors carry with thorn as credentials
are written in the Chinese language.
The characters which head the first
page stand for the "Salvation Army in
their English equivalent. These charac
ters have been used by the impostors to
further their own fraudulent ends. The
page of Chinese print accompanying th:s
article which tells of the objects and pur
poses of the society— the taking care of
the sick and the relief of the poor and
the needy. But the conclusion of the cre
dential is in translation. "Gospel Army."
Another inconsistency exists in the print
ed card on the fly leaf. This is in English
but, according to the Salvation Array
workers, the Chinese are ignorant or the
meaning of the card. All they notice on
it is the picture of the woman with an
Army bonnet which forces belief upon
their minds that the subscriptions go for
the benefit of their countrymen and are
distributed by the Salvation Army corps.
Two books used by the impostors have
been secured by members of the army,
About two weeks ago a man by the name
of Engelberg was soliciting subscriptions
with one of these books, when a Chinese,
suspecting fraud, followed him into a
store and demanded to soe the books.
Engelberg refused at first, but as the
Oriental religionist pressed him nard. he
produced them at last. The Chinese reed
the headlines and informed the i>oop!e
present that this collector was an im
postor. He then forced Engelberg to go
with him to the quarters of the China
town corps of the Salvation Army. Very
reluctantly Engelberg followed and, when
threatened with arrest if he refused to
surrender the books, he capitulated. He
disclosed the name of the printer, who
was immediately interviewed by the lieu
tenant of the Chinese corps. The printer
exposed the fact that Engelberg ordered
him to print the books with tho^e rajne
characters in the headlines. Engelberg
avowed a complete ignorance of the Chi
nese language and said he thought the
Chinese characters In the headlines meant
something else.
GOT MONEY TO LEND.
Justinius B. Olsen Wanted .on a
Charge of Embezzlement.
"W. W. Phillips, 401 California street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of Jus
tlnlus B. Olsen on the charge of embez
zlement by an agent.
Phillips alleges that on April 8 he gave
Olsen $1643 to lend out on salary warrants
of officials at the City Hall. He had made
several demands upon Olsen for the re
turn of the money without success, hence
the criminal proceedings.
Olsen until a few months ago, was
stenographer in Judge Low's court, but
lost his position owing to an indictment
of the Grand Jury upon a charge oi per
jury. He was subsequently acquitted in
the Superior Court.
Federal Court Bankrupts.
William Cruickshank of this city, a
salesman, yesterday filed a petition in
bankruptcy in the United States District
Court. I-lahillties, $343 7<V, assets, nothing.
Joseph H. Morton of the Vendome Cigar
Company filed a petition, placing his lia
bilities at $15,166 50.
FALLING OFF
IN SHIPPING
Small Tonnage Here and
Few Vessels Coming.
COMFORT FOR THE SOLDIERS
TBOOPS FOB ALASKA TO HAVE
GOOD ACCOMMODATIONS.
Captain Harkins of the Schooner Una
Again in Trouble With the
Customs Officials — "Wa
ter Front Notes.
In ten years the harbor has never been
as bare of deep water vessels as it is to
day. The engaged tonnage is light, the
disengaged still lighter and the prospects
of an improvement are light, owing to the
failure of the grain crop. At this time
last year there were about 60 more deep
water vessels in port than there are to
day, and every one of them did well. Yes
terday the disengaged vessels in port ag
gregated 26,335 tons, while at the same
time last year it was 103,572 tons. The en
gaged vessels in port yesterday aggre
gated 36,792 tons, while the same time last
year it was 83,694 tons. This makes a to
tal of over 124.0U0 tons in favor of 1897, or
62 ships of 2000 tons burden each. It is
no wonder then that outside of the de
parture of the transports things are very
quiet along the water front.
Of all the soldiers that have been sent
away since the war began those that
leave to-day on the steamer Humboldt for
Alaska have the best quarters. \\ ith the
exception of fifty who will be accommo
dated in the forward 'tween decks all the
men will be housed in splendid state
rooms 6x9 feet, three bunks to a room.
Everything possible has been done for
the comfort of the men, and the depart
ure of the steamer will De more like the
sailing of an excursion party than that
of soidiers for duty on the Yukon.
The Humboldt sails at noon to-day, and
will take away 200 soldiers, two officers
and three surgeons, as well as 500 tons of
freight. The latter is all for the use of
tne men, and consists of provisions, blan
kets, sleeping bags, shoes, clothing; in
fact, a complete wear's outfit for every
body in the command. The steamer is
very fast and will easily make the run
to St. Michael in ten days. On her arri
val there the Alaska Exploration Com
pany's river steamers will be ready for
the men and will distribute them at vari
ous points on trio American side of the
Yukon. The Humboldt will bring down
gold hunters on the return trip.
H. Odalsura, a Japanese, was horribly
burned win boiling coal tar at Belvedere
yesterday morning. He was brought
over on the steamer Tiburon and attended
to at the Harbor Receiving Hospital by
Drs. Hill, Green and Fine. Odalsura
keeps a laundry at Belvedere, and was
melting some coal tar on the top of the
stove. When the mass had come to the
desired consistency he lifted the pot off
the stove. There was a leak from the
can, and he lifted it up to see where it
was. As he did so the bottom of the
vessel dropped out and the boiling mass
ran over his shoulders and down his
back and chest, burning him in a fright
ful manner.
The schooner Una, which arrived yes
terday from Panama, is again in trou
ble. Last year she came from the same
port without clearance papers, and the
customs authorities threatened to seiz<?
i the vessel. The matter was finally ar
ranged by Captain Harkins sending to
Panama for the papers, which were pro
cured by the United States Consul. Now
Captain Harkins has repeated trie trick
and has again come into port without
i clearance papers. On this occasion the
chances are all in favor of the confisca
tion of the schooner.
Captain John Caw, late of the British
ship Blalrmore. left for Scotland yester
day. The Blairmore capsized in Mission
Bay three years ago, and the litigation
over the insurance has only just been
decided in favor of the owners.
The investigation into the sinking of
the Scandla'p launch was continued
aboard the troop ship yesterday. Captain
Hart and the men in the launch at the
time of the accident gave their testimony,
and Mate Grimm and the assistant en
gineer of the McDowell were also exam
ined. No report of the proceedings will
be given out until the board has reported
first to General Merrlam.
The search for the remains of Mrs, Pax
ton was continued yesterday without suc
cess. Either they were carried under the
wharves by an eddy or they have been
carried out to sea.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
Daughters Should be Carefully
Guided In Early Womanhood.
What suffering frequently results
from a mother's ignorance; or more
frequently from a mother's neglect to
properly instruct her daughter
Tradition says "woman must suffer,"
and young women, are so taught.
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. , If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment and her mother should see
that she gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a physician for examina-
tion; but no mother need hesitate to
write freely about her daughter, or
herself to Mrs. Pinkham and secure
the most efficient advice without
charge. Mrs. Pinkham'a address is
Lynn, Mass. ' *i
The following letter from Miss Mabie
F. Johnson, Centralia, Pa. shows what
neglect will do, and tells how Mrs.
Pinkham helped her :
"My health became so poor that I
had to leave school. I was tired all the
time, and had dreadful pains in my
side and back. I was also troubled
with irregularity of menses. I was
very weak, and lost so much flesh that
my friends became alarmed. My
mother, who is a firm believer in your
remedies from experience, thought per-
haps they might benefit me, and wrote
you for advice. I followed the advice
you gave, and used Lydia E. Pinkham'a
Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills as
you directed, and am now as well as I
ever was. I have gained flesh and have
a good color. I am completely cured of
Irregularity."
AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. AUGUST 21, "AT 3:30 P. M.
SID CAVILL, the Australian Champion, and
ROG B CORNELL. Pacific Coast Champion,
WILL SWIM AROUND' SEAL ROCKS,
Starting from West-Side Sutro Baths and Go-
ing Around Seal Rocks and Returning
to Sutro Baths.
FOR A PURSE 0F. 5500. -• ■■ -
»■ Also. IMMENSE AQUATIC BILL!
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, ■ Be. •
BASEBALL!
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME. ; f
RECREATION PARK. :
OAKLAND VS. ATHLETICS.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers. Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correspond ing " th Any of fh= VnV -1 nit Firms Please Mention "Th» CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEV7A CDDIMfi Proprietor. , Send for mean-
iflCil_U M^KlTl II ure blanks. U. S. CoxnmU-
eion. 9 Geary St.. S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
nVV C CmiVm CD Hank. Office and Saloon
FINK S^tllirlllLtK, Fittings. 1309 Market
e». Telephone South ?67.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock m lID & m n Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. KlLLlr tt til- San Francleco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
TITXI crilllCVlVfi Shipping trad« supplied.
WM- iLllOLlllPiUj 629 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LD TIPfiFV Manufacturer of P.eitln? ntid
. Y. UEUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
slon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycle*
Sell for $50, JB5 and $75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STRE2T
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Pupt. H. Blyth. Mirr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
«nd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
PR- C- V. RICHARDS, sE^rne^W
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & GO. f^f^,
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA? RAYF? £ C(i Shipping Butchers. 108
JA>- DUIC3 a tU., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
ViTIAViT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
11 A HUH AL B.W. cor. Battery and Paclfla sts.
FURS.
in UftrAT'D Furrier, all work guaranteed.
All- ftUvULII h\i Kearny st., upstairs.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters ß Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Bugles.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
AMUSEMENTS. |
CENTRAL PARK ™«^^?»™
TO-NIGHT! Every Evening at TO-NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT! 8:30 O'clock, , TO-NIGHT!
Lary's Gorgeous, Scenic, Pyrotechnical Spectacle,
111 Li lift B ILL UI illiali I Liii i
Illustrating ADMIRAL DE WE Y'S Splendid Victory!
Also Showing in Mammoth Stage Settings
THE HARBOR OF HAVANA! -MOHO CASTLE! INTERIOR OF FORT CAVITE!
200 Young Ladies in Grand Ballets. 1000 People on the Stage.
. . . BEAUTIFUL FIREWORKS! . . .
The Largest Amusement Enterprise Ever Presented on the Pacific Coast.
General Admission 25c. Reserved Seats 50c.
All Seats Under Cover and Sheltered From Cold Draughts.
MOROSCO'S GRANDE
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Week of August 15, 1833. Exceptional produc-
tion of the great melodrama.
WORK AND WAGES
A Thrilling Story of Love, -Labor and Capital.
New Scenery! Startling Effects!
SEE The Langford Steel "Works.
Special Engagement of the Clever Comedian,
H. G. HOCKEY, and the Dainty Soubrette,
MARION HOCKEY.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).' Aug. 20.
Parquet, Any Seat, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part.
MME. TAVARY, -World-Famous Prima Donna.
The Heselmanns, Europe's Greatest Aerial-
ists; Bonnie Thornton, the Dresden. Doll; Grant
& Norton, refined comedy sketch: Mcßrlde &
Goodrich, clop dances and sonps; Lillian Burk-
hart and company, ' in a new sketch, "A Pass-
ing Fancy" ;- James Thornton, new songs and
satire- O'Brien & Buckley, musical comlques;
the . Macarte Sisters, thrilling wire act.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON!
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY <at 1:30 p. m.,
and TO-NIGHT at 7:50 o'clock.
"LOHENGRIN."
Splendid Enlarged Chorus— Augmented
Orchestra of 30.
Next Week, six nights only. Saturday Mati-
nee, "LA GIOCONDA."
Sunday Evening..... ............."FAUST."
Popular prices, 25 and 50c. N. B.— A re-
served- seat for the Matinee, 25c. Telephone,
Bush 9. . - -. .;. -
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST TIME "SUNDAY.
Great Revival— In Cast.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Augmented .and. presenting the famous
"TRILBY."
FROM DU MAUUIER'S NOVEL.
Next Monday— "ON PROBATION."
BALDWIN THEATER reopens NEXT MON-
JETAY— HENRY MILLER: In "HEARTSEASE."
at VIIIPI 4 Eddy. cor. Mason — Greatest ' Free
ULI ITIII A Show. in America: ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's most Skilled
Balancers. Jugglers and Acrobats; DARRELL
& . MILLER. ROCKWELL, ROYCE SISTERS
and others. ; Admission free. • ; Matinee Sunday.
.HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. -
ft II Lift Hunters' . Equipments, Flavin*
lalllUX Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. bend
UUIIU f--r catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
ww■ ■ w 739 Market street. . . . . ;-
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery D«.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1805.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 1M Sutter Ml.
Ban Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
■ MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market st., San ■ Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading: dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE. ■
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capita!. $4,000,000.
. BYZ & CO.. Agents,
101 California rt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE DCDV'HiDn Mattress Co.. 643 Mission
I fIC DCKMIAKII st. Telephone Main 1174.
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturer* el
Optical Goods. 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
YVILLAms-1 IC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Larrest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
to and 80 O'Farrell St. '•
A corps of expert tuners and repairers,
PRINTING.
E- C* lHJ(_lHfc?^» BU Sansome street.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMCCTIP" Pre-eminently th. machine for
UUITILO I 111 family use. 1021 Miriest nr. 6th.
_______
SOAP.
GD . I ITf VC. m 123 California street.
. H. LUtI g LU., room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
e hIc PARTRIDGE SOgCaU.
THE ffICKS-JUDD CO., SSS^a l^ i
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street. San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry. ■nceeMon
to Hawks it Bhattuck. The Home Industry
House. 608 Clay st. '
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. - manufacturer at
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing don* la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.: tel. Main 295. ■
" WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— and retail: send tor
samples, statins: about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO., -928-930 Howard St., 8. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Welghersu
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California at. Tel. Main UIL
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITWnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUnilli full IS-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d it.
'•EVERYBODY GOES WHERE THE SHAMROCK GROWS."
At MECHANICS' PAVILION, B»n rrtnoiwo,
SATURDAY, August 20. to SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 10.
Don't forget that the One Dollar 6 Admission
Couron Tickets will not be on sale after Satur-
day, August 20. at 6 o'clock. Purchase them
of any committeeman or at the Pavilion Box
Office open Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
The rrtrular admission. 25c; children. 10c. The
exposition open daily from lxi'clock to 5:30 and
7 to 10:30 (Sundays exceptedl. Bennett's Bis
Exposition Concert Band; Blarney Castle; Lim-
erick Races; Plenty of Amusement.
Great Celebrated Peace Jubilee Saturday
Night. Chorus of 500 Voices. Splendid Elec-
trical Effect. Battle of Manila, represented
by M 'vlng Pictures and Military Effects. Grand
Chorus or 500 Voices, under direction of John
W. McKen/.'.e. will sing Irish and American
Patriotic Airs.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY^
LEU/IS mORRISON.
— IN—
ITorioic's Love.
Next Week— Sixteenth nnd Last Week ot
LEWIS MORRISON. Superb Spectacular Pro-
duction, "THE MERCHANT OF VENICE." _
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. AUGUST 20-2 L
BIG OPEN STAKE— THE CRACKS OF THB
COAST.
BIG MONEY~IN PRIZES!
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third anrl Townsend streets— Satur-
day, 1 i>. m. ; Sunday, 11 a. m.. 12 m.. 1 and S.
p. m. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets fly»
minutes later. Returning leaves Park. Imme-
diately after last course. Extra tram from
Park on Sunday, 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric
cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS: LADIES. FREE.
CHUTES ZOO.
TAKE THE CHILDREN THIS AFTERNOON
EDWIN R LANG, the "Poetical Tramp,"
AND A GREAT SHOW
IN THE FREE THEATER.
CANNON THE 613-POUND SWISS. ALWAYS
AT HOME.
SEE SULTANA AND HER 3 BABY LIONS.
AND AN ALLIGATOR IN THE ZOO!
I 10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be,
78
HAPPY HOURS
WITH
GUN AND ROD.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Cross will
• plant 75.000 trout fry to-day near the
confluence of the Paper Mill and L.v
• gunitas creeks. As exclusively stated In
.last Tuesday's Call, Mr. Cross planted
.25,000 fry of the cutthroat (Mykiss) and
. rainbow (Iridius) in the Lagunitas Creek,
■ near Libertys, and when the little fel
lows were placed in the shallows they
immediately started on a hunt for food.
■ Deputy Cross states that he had seen
quite a number of small fry In the pools,
and that with the addition of the little fel
lows that came from the hatchery there
should be trout for all and first-class
fishing In the l^agunitas next year.
It is to be hoped that the anglers will
use good judgment in their selections of
pan fishes, and that all trout less than
Jive inches in length will be returned to
the stream. It has been stated, '
on good authority, that the Super
visors of Marin County will soon pass an
ordinance making it a- misdemeanor for
any person to have in possession trout of
loss than five inches in length. This will
give the constables of the county a good
■ opportunity to add to the treasury.
The following letter from that well
known angler and lover of true Bport,
■ James Watt, speaks for itself:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 18.
■ Sporting Editor, San Francisco Call — Dear
Sir: Now that the Paper Mill Creek and the
Laagunitas have been stocked by the fish com
missioners, would it not be well to suggest to
the sportsmen of San Francisco the advlsabll
• ' Ity of engaging a watchman to patrcl the two i
streams both In and out of season.
A go d man to Rive his entire attention
could be had for say $60 per mmith.
The main difficulty seems tv be the oon
tinuancc of their subscriptions on the part of
interested «poi tsmen.
Can you suggest any feasible plan for ac
complishing this result. Yours very truly,
JAM 103 WATT.
Adolph Lorsbach, who is possibly bet
ter known among his sporting friends as
"Ham and Eggs," is stocking a stream in
Frultvale with imported frogs. Lors
bach doos not hesitate to say that a frog
will rise to a fly. and that the large fel
lows are game fighters. H. and E. ba£
been taking lessons in fly casting from
" Watt.
• The following very Interesting item
on the growth of salmon appeared in
the Portland Oregonian of recent date:
The number of marked salmon captured
this season is much larger than is gen
erally known. They were hatched in the
fall of 1895, and after being marked by
cutting off the adipose tin, were turned
in to the rivers in the spring of 1899.
The fact of their capture proves that
some of the salmon at least return to
the river where they were hatched in
less than four years, the time in which
scientific men who have made a study i
of this matter say that it takes salmon '
to mature. As the marked fish weV
turned out In the spring of 1596, thos?!
caught this season have been at large
only a little over two years. The first
'one caught weighed only ten pounds, but
the most of those caught since weigh
over twenty pounds, and one weighed
fifty-seven pounds. It seems almost in- !
Ible that a salmon should grow to ;
ize in less than two years and a
half, but there can be no doubt that the
marked fish caught are some of those
•which were turned out in the spring of
Fish and Game Protector McGuire <:
lias kept a list of all the marked fish re-
I to him. with their weights, which
will be published at the end of the sea
son. It is probable that more of these
marked ilsh will be caught next season,
a:. : when a comparison of the weights ;
of those is made with the weights of the '■
ones caught this season, a better Idea
of how long it takes salmon to attain \
their full growth may be obtained.
The Ukiah fish hatchery bad a very
narmw escape from the forest lire which
In its vicinity last Wednesday. It
was thought at one time that the hatch
ery was doomed, but a change of wind!
paved millions of little fishes.
Dave Mills, superintendent of Floods!
Lake. Menlo Park, met with a remarka
ble coincident a few days ago. Mr. Mills
"has been nursing a broken aim for some
time and during an inspection of the lak>.
h'- was knocked down by an infuriated '
cow, the fall resulting in a smashing ■
of the maimed member. The cow ran
madly around the field and finally fell ,
exhausted. Mr. Mills discovered that the i
i bitten by a rattlesnake. !
i\v died In a few hours after hay
: ti stung.
Peter Thorsen of San Mateo is the re- \
cognized champion rock-cod fisherman cf ;
t'\.- • ountry burg. Peter is having a '
filled with salt water and he
k the Fish Commissioners to ship ,
.him a few thousand rock cod fry for
planting purpoc
George Rood and W. E. Cunningham
left this city last Tuesday for a month's
fishing and shouting along the McKenzle
Riv< r aiM Waldo Lake in Oregon.
John Butler and his company of steel
headers are making very extensive prep
arations for three weeks' outing on Eel.
River. Ilumboldt County. Fishing is now
splendid on the Bel.
Otto BransdorfC and his dog, Dickey;
Boy, left yesterday for a week's recrea- ;
tion on Russian River, where bass fish- \
ing is now very good— i. c., according to
Charley Green.
BAN FRANCISCO, August IS, 189 S.
Sporting Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: A '
party of campers— George M. Fisher, Charles :
Daly and W. "Jimmy" Murphy of Armona and j
E. S. Belcher of San Francisco — who have Just ;
returned from Kern Lakes, bring excellent
reports of the fishing along Tule anil Kern
rivers. Large catches of golden, trout were
made by all fortunate enough to have chosen '
that region for their racatlon this summer.
At the forks of the Big and Little Kern rivers
and In Whitney Creek the trout were espe- !
cially accommodating, rising to almost any ot>- |
Jpct in the form of a fly or insect, and taking
• Fuch a firm hold of the hook that the poorest |
fisherman could come Into camp with a falr-
Bized mess at any time. An hour's fishing in ''■
■ Whitney Creek resulted in a catch of 210 of
'the golden beauties, all of which were caught r
■between the falls, one and a half miles from !
■where the creek joins the river, and nona of
the fish measured under eight inches, and few ,
over twelve.
At the lakes the trout would not rise, all
successful catches being made with salmon j
files close to the bottom, the fish weighing from ■
one pound to Fix and a half pounds.
Game of all kind* was very scarce, owing to
large bands of sheep destroying what little
feed had sprung up. The ranchers throughout |
the district are complaining of the valley farm- I
era for Bending sheep into the mountains, for I
they not only ruin the meadows, but kill out
the snow brush and all other vegetation, there
by driving all animal life out of the country,
and also seriously endangering the water sup
ply. "While at the forks of the Kerns, how
ever, which Is off the beaten trail, four bucks
•were brought into camp, also three bears.
Tours respectfully, E. S. BELCHER.
While deer hunting near Point Reyes
last Sunday a rifle in the hands of C.
Dietz exploded and a piece of the Iron
struck G. Henrloulle in the arm, inflict- i
ing a painful but not dangerous wound. I
Dletz had his hand badly lacerated. Al i
Neumnn fired ten shots at a deer. He j
says that it is running yet.
SAX FRANCISCO. August 17, 1898.
Pportlng Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Victor
Caglierl, the well-known sportsman, and Carl
E. Bundschu visited Buck Camp, a few miles |
above Glen Ellen, last Sunday, and Caglieri j
killed a. fine two-pointer weighing 135 pounds
dressed. ■
IMPALED ON A MEAT HOOK.
Painful Experience of George Selig
in Front of a Butcher Shop.
The novel sensation of being Impaled on
a meathook was experienced yesterday
morning by George SeJig, a young man
living at 673 McAllister street.
Selig was distributing cards announc
ing the butchers' picnic and when he
reached a butcher's shop on Fourth
street, between Minna and Mission, he
secured a ladder to nail a card to the
front wall. While nailinsr the. card the
ladder .slipped from under him, and he feTl,
striking upon a meathook, which pene
trated his left chest. lie hung suspended
in the air for a minute or two until re
leased from his impalement.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal. where Dr. Hartley dressed the wound.
The hook had. fortunately, not penetrated
the chest cavity, and Selig will soon be
all right again.
Pardon for Rogers.
United States Attorney Foote has
asked President McKinley to pardon
James F. Ropers, who is reported to be
dying of consumption in the penitentiary
at Yuma, Ariz. Rogers was sentenced
to four years' imprisonment in the peni
tentiary at San Quentin for counterfeit-
Ing. While in prison he was taken with
consumption and was removed to Yuma
to give him the benefit of the dry climate.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, Larkin «U,; ewlmmlng. Russian, hot and
cold tub batty; salt water direct from ocean.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
CHAMPION PECK
GIVES UP
CYCLE RACING.
Frank O. Peck, the champion racing
cyclist of the Pacific Coast, has perma
nently retired from the path. He ar
rived at this decision day before yester
day, and the news will come as a big
surprise to those who know him and who
looked upon him as an aspirant for rac
ing honors on Eastern tracks. Peck has
Becured a position here with a tire firm,
and, strange to say, they prefer his ser
vices hi a clerical way rather than in
racing. You would think that any one
in the bicycle business, employing the
champion of the coast, would want him
to retain the championship against all
comers and thereby advertise the make
of wheel and tire he rode. But it is not
so in this case, and Peck had the choice
of giving up racing or losing his posi
tion, and as the latter was his bread and
butter he chose the course he has taken,
although much to his regret. His retlre
ment will be a big disappointment to the
Bay City Wheelmen, who looked to him
to carry their colors to victory in the
fall road races and the annual Admission
day meet at San Jose. Wing and "Bunt"
Smith should now have things pretty
much their own way.
Captain J. S. Shedd of the Acme Club
Wheelmen will leave for the East in a
| fortnight and remain there. This will
j leave another vacancy on the road racing
I committee of the associated clubs, one
! having been filled only last Wednesday
: by the appointment of Captain .Loos of
' the Olympics, vice Myrick, resigned. Mr.
! Shedd "was an active worker, and the as
sodation and his club will sadly mlsa
him.
The proposed run of the Olympic
Wheelmen to Marin County, scheduled
for to-morrow, has been postponed until
August 23 by Captain JLoos.
In answer to a correspondent, C. M. S.,
San Jose the mile paced world's record
is 1:32 3-5, by Edouard Taylore of France.
The world's hour record is 34 miles 1022
yards, by Harry Elkes of America.
Captain A. P. Deacon of the Reliance
Club Wheelmen has returned from a two
weeks' tour of Lake County.
Entry blanks are out for the Garden
City wheelmen's race meet at San Jose
on September 9. Entries close with
George E. Owen on September 2. The
events are to be a two-thlrd-niile
Bcratch and one-mile handicap, amateur,
and an exhibition mile by Hardy Down-
Ing, paced by Otto Zlegler Jr. and Wilbur
Edwards on a tandem. There will pos-
Bibly be a match between Wing and
"Bunt" Smith, at one, three and live
miles, paced.
"Bunt" Smith is willing to race Bozio
soon after the 9th of September, provid
ing the date does not conflict with the
Associated Clubs' road events. He would
like three races— a one-mile single, paced;
five-mile pursuit, and ten-mile opposite
ways of the track.
Hardy Downing returned north Mon
day, and will ride in the mile open to
day at Wellington, B. C. He will also
pace a match between Frank J. Cotter
and Marshall, an Eastern negro.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen and Bay
City Wheelmen will have a joint club run
to Mission San Jose on Sunday, Septem
ber 25, as the guests of Messrs. Montea
legre, Salazar and Gallegos.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
mento have arranged a series of mem
bers' road ra< ea for Sundays in August,
September and October, the lirst to occur
to-morrow. The distance will be ten
miles or less, euch event a handicap.
Merit Will be decided by points, and the
one winning the most points In the three
events will receive a bicycie as a prize
from a dealer and a gold medal from the
club. There arr- other prizes, so that al
most every starter is sure of something.
The idea might be copied with good re
sults by Burnt- of the local clubs tnat are
just now complaining of ennui.
The picnic run of the Olympic Cyclers
will be held to-morrow at Li.cie Tom's
Cabin. Members and puests who attend
on wheels will leave the club at 9 o'clock.
Others can take the trains at Third and
Townsend streets, leaving at 9, 10:40 and
11:30 a. m. A big crowd and a jolly time
are anticipated.
J. E. Wing contemplates an attack on
the ten-mile record from Fruitvale to
Haywards a week from Sunday if the
conditions are favorable. ,?.
The total destruction of the grand stand
and bicycle track at Sacramento by fire
on Sunday last is to be regretted. James
E. Little, one of the leaders in cycling at
the Capital City, says:
Am very sorry to say that the pavilion, grand
stand and about one-half of the fence, also
about 300 feet of the bicycle track, were com
pletely deptroyed by fire. They will be rebuilt
at once, the insurance money to be used to thi«
end, and everything will be Improved upon.
Hlr=ch, Hamlin and a few more of the riders
■will be eeen at San Jose on the 9th of Sep
tember. We have been potng for records here I C
late. The three, four and five mile records are
now held by Noyse of our club. Sunday last
we had a sanction for an open event for all
records, but the lops of the track on Saturday
afternoon jut a stop to It. We have got a
lightning fast tandem team in Hamlin and
Eidred.
In spite of the recent fire by which the
Terminal City Wheelmen of Stockton lost
all their club effect*, they will hold their
annual picnic run, which is one of the
features of the year's cycling, next Sun
day. Visitors from the city will take the
6 o'clock river boat Saturday night, re
turning 1 Sunday night.
There will be no race meet at Stockton
next Sunday after all. The Stockton
Athletic Club took it off the hands of the
Terminal City's after the fire the latter
club suffered, but they finally decided
they could not make it go, and the prop
osition was dropped.
The fourteenth annual election of the
Bay City 'Wheelmen will be held at the
club on Monday evening, September 12.
There does not seem to be any disposi
tion among the members to change the
present management of the club, who
have placed it at the head of all bicycle
clubs west of Chicago.
H. W. SPALDINO.
SALT WATER SPRINKLING.
Great Benefits to Streets Have Al
ready Been Observed.
Li. M. King, superintendent of the
street department work of the Merchants'
Association, Is rejoicing because the
municipal street department nas begun
sprinkling the streets with salt water,
which has been advocated by the associa
tion for a long time. Upon the subject
Mr. King says:
"The city has at last made a beginning
in the use of salt water for street sprink
ling. The Street Department has ordered
the macadamized blocks on Van Ness
avenue, which is sprinkled at the city's
expense, to be sprinkled with salt water
Instead of fresh. A standplpp has been
erected at the corner of Van Ness avenue
and Geary street, where the main of the
Olympic Salt Water Company crosses the
former street.
"Although salt water has been used only
since last Friday the good effect of its use
Is already very evident. The maoadam is
binding together and the pavement on the
blocks below McAllister street is already
packed hard and smooth. In a week's
time dust will be unknown there, for
even the loose dirt accumulated along the
side of the street Is kept In a moist con
dition and becomes too heavy to be
blown about by any ordinary wind. It Is
reported by the party doing tne sprink
ling that two sprinklings of salt water are
more effective than three of fresh. The
binding together of the macadam will also
freatly preserve the pavement. The
upervfsors have expressed themselves as
favoring salt water for street sprinkling
and the citizens will welcome th« time
when Its use becomes general."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGTJST 20, 1898.
HOUNDS & HARES
ARE IN
FINE CONDITION.
The managers of Union Coursing Park
are determined to stamp out the dog job
bers, and in future a close watch will be
kept on the destroyers of coursing, who
report to any means to win money. There
are people who attend coursing meetings
not for the love of the Bport but for the
money that they can pocket by fraud
and base trickery. The doping of dogs
has become quite an Industry of late with
some vandals, and it is about time that
the park managers teach the destroyers
of coursing a lesson that they will have
good reason to remember.
It Is not an easy matter to detect a
hound fiend in the act of "shooting" a
dog, but whenever one of the kind is
caught the severest punishment imagin
able should be meted out to him.
The two coursing parks this week will
donate to the fortunate dog owners some
thing like $1300 in prizes. At Union Park
only one stake will be run, an open event.
emKmcing sixty candidates, and for an
aggregate of $720. At Ingleslde there will
be two stakes, an event for non-winners
of third or better during the past Biz
months and a special champion feature.
The running at both parks promises to
be warm in the extreme. The quality of
the canines is high, those, particularly in
the champion event being the cracks of
tue Kast and the West. That th<^- will
go to Slipper Grace in top-notch condition
is best attested by the liberality of the
prizes.
Curtis & Sons should certainly land a
goodly slice of coin nt Union Park this
RESULT OF A DEER SHOOT.
A PARTY of sportsmen composed of Lloyd Eaton, Frank Hofling,
Charles Dletz, Herbert Spencer and Ben Harris returned a few days
ago from a very successful attack upon the deer family of the San
hedrim Mountains, Mendocino County. Several of the large game
- animals retreated In good order at sight of the enemy, but during the
► skirmishing at close range in, heavy cover eleven deer were iriiiea, "id
► doubtless many of those shot at were wounded. The hunters escaped un
- injured, although Captain Spencer reports that Eaton and Deltz had a nar
► row escape from starvation only. Having strayed away from the tr.dl
► they wandered aimlessly all night through the canyons, and it was late
- next day when a reconnoitering party discovered their whereabouts.
week. They have no less than seven can
didates in the running, and all of them
gooil ones. Curtis ha« see mod to be out
of luck of late, but good dogs can't al
ways be held down.
Lowe & Thompson will shortly have
Patria cremating more grass at Ingle
side She has been in retirement now f<>r
some time, but is looking right up in the
high octaves. Quickstitch, a flier they
have never yet shown since she arrived
from the East, is also about ready for
Sir John Arnott and Highland Ball
should put up a hot run at Union Park
this afternoon. The latter Is young, but
he has shown quality, and Sir John has
been constantly improving for several
weeks past.
Arthur Massey will shortly have sev
eral more Eastern dogs in his kennels
near Ingleside. Among them, it is ex
pected, will be Twin City girl. Musney
has been next door to an Ingleside stake
several times, and he avers he will have
one soon If he has to run It himself. Ar
thur is a pretty good hunner, too; but
Hot Stuff and HadiwiSt may save him
the exertion by landing the champion
stake this week.
The regular annual Produce stake for
189K, to be run at Ingleside October 1 and
2. will be one of the notable meeting! of
the coast. To the total entrance money
at $10 for long tail, the Interstate Club
will add $500. Last year the entire purse
was $430. Beßides the Produce stake there
will a special champion stake to which
the club will add another $500, making
something like a $2000 meeting for the
two days. Entries for the Produce
stake close September 8, and the nomina
tions will lie declared and drawn on the
Thursday night preceding the running—
or September 27th. The stake Is con
fined to puppies whelped during 1597. and
owned by members of the Interstate or
other recognized coursing clubs. The
special stakes will be wide open.
The Champion stake at Inglestde this
week should be one of the hardest con
tested events ever run off on that sward.
There are only sixteen, and not a
"geezer" in the lot. With but two ex
ceptions the coast candidates all have
notable brackets to their credit, while
the Eastern contingent embraces the beet
now sojourning this side of the moun
tains.
Inadvertently the pedigree of John
Kgan's fast puppy Billy Gladstone was
misstated in these columne last week.
Billy Gladstone is by Kerrigan's famous
old St. Lawrence out of Sly Girl.
ACTION AND LIFE
IN TENNIS CIRCLES.
The championship doubles tournament
to be played In the beginning of next
month Is exciting t&e interest of tennis
players at the present time. Everything
Is favorable for a successful tournament.
As yet the courts on which the double
championship of 189S will be played have
not been selected. A committee of three
has been appointed to make investiga
tions and report their judgment to the
Pacific Coast Tennis Association. Three
courts are in the run for the tournament
—Del Monte, San Rafael and the Califor
nia Club. The last seems to be the most
favored and there is every reason to be
lieve that it will be selected for tho
tournament.
On Sunday, August 28, the Bollevue
Tennis Club will hold a doubles tourna
ment, open to members of Alameda
City. The teams which are practicing
for the tournament are Stark and Hunt,
Murdock and Bartlett, Hall and Burr,
Otis and Hamilton. Bowen and Holmes
are doubtful whether they will enter or
not.
There will be a try-out to-day be
tween the doubles teams of the Alameda
High School to determine which team
Will represent the school in the doubles
championship on September 9. The tour
nament of the Bellevue Club, held dur
ing the week, brought Murdock and Hua
litt in the finals. Murdock disposed of
the latter in three straight sets, winning
the tournament.
The high winds at the California Club's
court during the afternoons has forced
the players to do their work in the
morning. George Whitney and Robert:
X. Whitney have been playing quite as
siduously during the week, and some
very close games between the two have
been the result. The young lady play
ers of the club have been out in the
mornings for steady practice. During
the early part of tho week an impromptu
tournament was hold by the junior Ta
dies. Miss Clark defeated Miss King to
the tune of 6— l, H — 2. Miss Bessie Bow
man defeated Miss Laura Farnsworth In
an uneven contest, the score telling the
talo, 6—o, 6—o.6 — 0. Miss Mason defeated Miss
("lark. &— 3, fi— 2. in what proved to be
the closest match of the day. Then came
the finals between Miss Bowman and
Miss Mason, who Is a stranger to the
couris. A close contest was expected,
but to the surprise of all Mips Mason
allowed her opponent but a single game
In the two pets played. The winner of
the tournament played in good style,
.showing splendid judgment and rapid
strokes. She has but one real opponent
among the lady playera <>f the California
Club, Miss Hoffman, who will undoubted
ly contest her claims to the champion
ship of the club in the ladies' single
championship tournament which will be
played at the same time with the cham
pionship doubles.
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS
ARE THE CHAMPIONS.
Tho victory of the Alamoda Cricket
Club last Sunday In the fourth match of
the season against the Pacific eleven pave
it the championship for 1898. As the Ala
mfdas were the champions in I8i)5 and
1897, the Hunter-Harrison cup, which
had to be won three times be
fore it became the property of
the winner, now belongs absolutely to
them. A fifth match between the Pacific
and Alameda teams is sot down for Sep
tember 4 and 11, and though the match
run have no effect upon the position of
the clubs for this season, it will doubt
less be playc-d. Bowling and batting av
erages at the September game will count
toward the Buriull prizes, as the game Is
"played under the auspices of the Cali-
I fornia Cricket Association."
To-morrow the return match. Banks
and Insurance Men vs. All-Comers, will
be played at Golden Gate. The Banks
and Insurance Men will consist of J. J.
Moriarlty, J. Myers, Henry Ward, E. F.
Musson, C. P. Coles, J. J. Theobald,
George Theobald, H. P. G. Gordon, F. C.
Driffleld, J. McGaw and Louis James. The
All-Comers' Kleven will be made up by
R. B. Hogue. and will include J. H. Har
bour, T. W. G. Wallace, J. McLean, J. J.
R. Peel. J. H. Saunders, F. Croll, H. Bird,
V. Seebeck, F. Stahl and probably G. I.
Baugh.
At the match played between Yorkshire
and Lancashire ror the benefit of the pro
fessional cricketer Wainwright. £1366
or about $8800 was taken at the
gate during the three days, and to this
sum are to be added subscriptions and
the money derived from tty? sale of tick
ets. So that a popular protessional crick
eter reaps some substantial rewu.rd.
Tate did some wonderful bowling lately
for Hampshire against Somersetshire. In
his first over he bowled three of the hest
Somerset batsmen and took seven wickets
in an hour for 25 runs, five of these wick
ets costing only 7 runs. As a result of his
! skill Hampshire won by 9 runs and the
j spectators made up a purse of ?2o for tlie
i young professional.
CRUISING IS THE
YACHTSMAN'S
FAVORITE SPORT.
The next Important event In the yacht
ing world is the annual reg-atta of the
Pacific Interclub Yacht Association on
the 4th or 9th of September. The five
clubs -which were members of the asso
ciation at the beginning- of the season,
when the programmes for 1898 were
drawn up, have the 9th left open for
the reg-atta, but the association pro
gramme gives its date as the 4th. The
3d falling on a Saturday, the 4th on a
Sunday, and the sth being a public holi
day, a good opportunity is afforded for
a long cruise, which many owners will
prefer to a single day's racing. The 9th
being a public holiday, the 10th a Sat
urday, and the 11th a Sunday, an even
better chance for a cruise is offered; and
the San Franciscoa propose to start for
Napa City on the Bth and return on the
11th. A meeting of the association will
be held on Monday evening, at which
the date of tho regatta will be fixed.
But whichever date is chosen the
chances are that many owners will be
tempted to take extended cruises during
the Labor day and the Admission day
holidays, and that the entries for the
regatta will thus be fewer than usual.
But, on the other hand, there will be
three prizes to be competed for this year
Instead of one, as In former years, and
this fact ought to stimulate competition
and Bwell the entry list.
Nearly all the boats of the San Fran
cisco fleet were out last Sunday. Com
modore Dr. T. L. Hill took his first sail
since hit* return from the Yellowstone
Park in the sloop Cygnus, and the fol
lowing 1 yachts were also out: Vice-Com
modore G. T. S. White's sloop Will o' the
Wisp, Arthur D. Naylor'e sloop Twi
light. ex-Commodore G. S. Billing's sloop
Nixie, C. Ohittenden's yawl Phyllis, J.
R. Savory's sloop Juanlta, A. Suther
land's sloop Catherine, and the Davidson
Brothers' cutter Folly, chartered by
George Campbell.
L. Q. Haven's sloop Sappho has return
ed from a river trip, and Pierces schoon
er White Wings has come down from
Suisun. Pierce has bought a launch,
which will be added to the fleet of the
San Franciscos. Financial secretary W.
<;. Morrow has gone to lowa for a two
weeks' trip. H. T. Gibbs, of G. W. Gibbs
Company, has won Fred R. Cook's sloop
Harpoon in a raffle, for which about 350
tickets at $5 eitch were sold. He is a
member of the San Franciscos. and may
sell hi.s sloop and buy a yawl.
The Pacifies have a half-raters' race
Bel down for to-morrow, but as those
races have been abandoned and the Law
Cup presented to the Pacific Interyacht
Association, .the date is "open." The
Encinals have a free-for-all race on
their programme to-day, but it will be
called off. The San Franciscos have no
event scheduled, and to-morrow Is "Own
ers' day" among the South Bays; so that
it la "proceed at will" for everybody.
Last Sunday the Corinthian fleet
cruised to Brooks (or Sheep) Island, and
anchored at the back of it, close to
Stepes, on the Contra Costa shore.
Secretary E. B. Lathrop's sloop Pride,
E. F. Bagel's Edna, ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew's sloop Truant, ex-Commodore A. J.
Young's sloop Clara, and the sloop Mig
noii lay there on Saturday night and
found good holding ground. On Sunday
two more boats having Joined them they
cruised to McNears Landing, where they
found J. M. Patrick's sloop Thetla and
the yacht Emilie.
Commodore Carl Westerfeld's sloop
Aeolus returned last Sunday evening
from a trip to Napa City.
Frank Stone is building a knockabout
from designs by V. D. Bacon, who de
signed the sloop Truant. She Is about 37
fe< t over all. 25 feet on the water line,
and 10 feet beam, with plenty of free
board. She is for a Hawaiian yachtsman
named Hobron, and her construction is
being superintended by ex-Commodore J.
W. Tew. It is expected that she will be
ready in about a month.
H. S. Pratt of the yawl Idler started
on an up-river trip with his wife and a
party of friends on Tuesday, having re
turned from a cruise the 6>y -efore. He
will be gone for some time, for he in
tends to stop as often and as long as he
feels inclined.
Harry W. Brydges' sloop Hope returned
a week ago from an up-river trip, and
cruised to Goat Island cove last Sunday.
J. Lancaster's launch Homer and the En
cinal sloop Iris came to anchor there
also.
George Miller, accompanied by J. Hom
er and others, were out cruising in the
sloop Occident, which, it is said, sails
much better now that her ballast has
been adjusted.
To-day J. Hanlon and Loul3 Gale, on
the sloop Mist, A. Duncombe and G. F.
Gaither, on the sloop Hope, will sail down
into the lower bay and pay a visit to the
South Bay Club house at Alviso.
Elmer Smith's yacht Dolphin is lying
off the ' California Club house. She was
formerly a schooner, but is now rigged
as a yawl.
Yachtsmen will soon be freed from
anxiety about submarine mines, for Gen
eral Wilson, chief of the Corps of En
gineers, has directed all officers of his ue
partmont who are in charge of fortifica
tions and works of defense in the har
bors of the T'nitcd States to proceed
with the removal of all mines and of the
cables and electrical appliances connected
with them.
KEEP ALL THE ISLANDS.
Commercial Bodies Want All the
Newly Acquired Territory-
Retained.
Several of the local commercial bodies
are taking an interest in the work of
the conference on the future policy of
the United States, now holding a con
vention at Saratoga. "While not being
able to be represented, they are forward-
Ing statements of their stand on certain
matters of national importance, as shown
by the following dispatches sent yoster
da":
"Kindly present our letter of 12th in
stant and inclosures with this telegram
to the conference. Hold all territory
acquired from Spain. Whore the flag has
been once raised it must not be lowered.
With the Hawaiian, Philippines, La
drones and Sulu Islands facing us hero
and the door to them opened wide from
the Gulf and Atlantic seaboard by the
Nicaragua canal under our control, we
will dominate the trade of the Pacific,
the. future commercial arena of the
world.
"Tho Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco. HUGH CRAIG. President."
"The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association of California is In favor of
holding all territory acquired from Spain
by the valor of our army and navy.
"It also considers the building of the
Nicaragua canal, under the control of
the Government, a commercial and mili
tary necessity.
"A. SBARBORO. President."
In the Interests of Commerce.
The National Business League of Chi
cago has written to President x£ugh Craig
of the Chamber of Commerce, notifying
him that the body hz# appointed him as
one of its advisory committee of this
city. The purpose of the organization Is
to establish a department of commerce
and industries as an addition to the
United States Cabinet, revise the inter
state commerce act for the better protec
tion of shippers, open the commerce of
South and Central America and Mexico,
etc. Mr. Craig has accepted the position
and named P. Lilienthal and Irving M.
Scott as his associates, the league re
questing him to suggest the names of two
ciiuens. to, act with, him*
LOCAL OARSMEN
STRIVE IN
OREGON WATERS.
Little is talked of at present among
the rowing men of San Francisco except
the regatta which began yesterday at As
toria and continues to-day and Monday.
The Pioneer intermediate crew, consist
ing of W. St. John (bow), F. O'Neil (No.
2), G. Larsen (No. 3) and F. Orr (stroke),
has begun practice for the championship
regatta to be held here in September or
early in October, but there is not much
likelihood of the club being able to get
together a strong Junior crew.
The Dolphins expect to get their new
barge in about a week. Oars and oarlocks
have been ordered in the East.
\V. O. Patch, who has returned from
his vacation, has taken the junior crew
under his care and will go out with it
three times a week regularly. After A.
W. Pape's return from Astoria the inter
mediate crew will begin practice.
J. Foley, winner of the junior shell
championship last year, has begun prac
tice for the senior shell event, in which
F. Duplissea will also probably take part.
J. Lyons and M. Breen are going out in
skiffs, and will try for the junior skiff
championship. The South End junior
barge crew consists of C. Jenkins (bow),
C. Skelly (No. 2). E. Blumlein (No. 3) and
W. Barry (stroke). Among the new
members of the club who promise to do
good work are W. C. Crook of the Ha
waiian Islands, V. Koster, Lake and Mar
tinez. T. Barry will organize an Interme
diate crew, for which there are some
good candidates. Dr. C. C. Dennis, what
ever may be the result of his contest with
A. W. Pape at Astoria, will probably en
ter the senior skiff championship.
The Alameda Boating Club has made
application before the Board of Trustees !
of Alameda to have electric lights put
Into its clubhouse, which has hitherto de- :
pended upon oil lamps for illumination.
COCKER SPANIELS
ARE IN DEMAND.
The Pacific Coast is In a fair way to be
regarded by the Eastern dog-breeders as
a paradise, though "Western buyers are
not by any means allowing their feathers
to be picked without receiving value in
full. E. C. Plunce ha 3 just bought a
cocker spaniel bitch by Homo, out of
Baby Ruth, which bids fair to rival even
H. H. Carlton's far-famed Trilby. Be
tween these two gentlemen an amicable
rivalry exists which seems destined to
last forever, for as fast as any good
cocker makes its appearance in the East
one or the other snaps It up and brings it
out here.
J. P. Norman, the secretary of the last
convention of kennel clubs, has sent to
the American Kennel Club the report of
the convention, which enUed in a farce,
the votes of three men well furnished
with proxies outwelghting the votes of
five others unprovided with these desir
able adjuncts. Mr. Norman has also for
warded a representation signed by all the
members of the minority, urging the A.
K. C. to amend the rules so that five
wins in the winners' class be necessary
for a championship, and that wins in that
class be not counted as regular class wins.
H. H. Carlton, secretary of the San
Francisco Kennel Club, has received an
unofficial letter from A. P. Vredenberg,
who fills a similar position for the Ameri
can Kennel Club, to the effect that the
American Kennel Club will be willing to
concede any reasonable demand of the
Pacific Coast. It is probable that the
rules will be amended as requested by the
minority at the late meeting and that San
Francisco will be designated as a cham
pion show. In this event it will be neces
sary for a dog to win at least once at this
show in order to be eligible for champion
ship honors.
L. \V. Neustadter's famous mastiff
Tiger recently distinguished himself at
Lake Tahoe by saving a little girl from
the bite of a vicious Great Dane. Tiger
left the Dane disabled; the girl was un
hurt This was a remarkable instance of
the well-known love of tne mastiff for
children, for the Dane and Tiger had been
on the most amicable terms, and Tiger
was reclining peacefully on the porch
when the girl's screams aroused him.
J P. Norman's Lola is expected to whelp
in a few days, and the genial Sheriff's
bookkeeper, S. L. Simon, has already paid
a fancy price for the privilege of nrst pick
of the 'litter.
A movement is on foot to exempt dogs
whose pedigrees are registered at least
partially from the operation of the li
cense laws_
WOODMEN ASSEMBLING.
Officers and Delegates to the Head
Camp Arrive From Denver.
About seventy of the leading Woodmen
of the World, Pacific Coast jurisdiction,
including the principal officers, arrived
yesterday, for the purpose of attending
the Head Camp session, which will be
held in this city next week, commencing
on Monday.
Among the number are F. A. Falken
burg of Denver, Col., head consul; A. B.
Keith of Helena, Mont., head adviser; J.
W. Browning of Denver, Col., head clerk;
John K. Shireman of Pueblo, Col., head
barker; A. D. Stillman of Pendleton, Or.,
head escort; C. D. Whltcomb of San Ber
nardino, Cal., head watchman; C. A.
Koepfli of Seatttle, Wash., head sentry;
J. C. Balrd of Cheyenne, Wyo.. W. C.
Hanley of Salem, Or., H. N. Haynes of
Greeley. Col., J. C. Flatshaw of Pueblo,
Col., and I. I. Boak of Oakland, Cal.. head
managers; T. A. Hughes, M. D., of Den
ver, Col., head physician; A. H. Davis of
Canyon City, Col., visitor to the Sovereign
Camp; Joseph Cullen Root, head consul
of the Sovereign Grand Camp; and J. T.
Yates, head clerk of the Sovereign Grand
Camp.
These officers and the delegates who ac
companied them are at the California Ho
tel, where the headquarters of the Wood
men will be during the session. Mrs.
Fnlkenburg. Mrs. Yates, Mrs. Bertschy
and daughter and many ladies, wives of
delegates, are also of the oarty. The re
mainder of the delegates will reach this
city to-day and to-morrow.
The visitors were met at the Sixteenth
street depot on the other side of tho bay
by the committee from the San Francisco
camps and escorted to the hotel.
During the afternoon there was a meet
ing of the board of managers for the pur
pose of arranging details connected with
the opening of the session. Those who
were not engaged in that duty were taken
in charge by the reception committee and
shown over the city.
The members of the party, which start
ed from Denver. Col., had a very pleasant
trip and all are looking forward to a most
enjoyable week. Arrangement* have been
made by the reception committee for the
entertainment of the "neighbors," as the
members of the order are called, in a
manner that has never been excelled by
any fraternal body.
The officers and delegates to the Wo
men of Woodcraft, the ladles' auxiliary
of the order, also arrived yesterday, and
they will also hold their session next
week. The officers are Mrs. Mary Faulk
ner. P. G. G.; Miss May Saizman of
Leadville. Col., G. C; Pr. Griffith, G. G.:
W. O. Dougherty, G. B. The delegates
who arrived are Mrs. Dovey of Denver.
Mrs. Hawks and Mrs. Lennon of Pueblo,
Mrs. Eaton of Eaton, Col.; Mrs. Ida Jef
fries and Mrs. McDonald of Leadville,
and Mrs. W. P. Wilson of Ashton, Col.
The Scraffino Murder.
The Coroner's jury yesterday. In the
case of the murdar of Antonio Scafani,
returned a verdict to the effect that
death was caused by a gunshot wound
in the head, Inflicted by Giuseppe Indela-
SPARKS FROM
THE
BALL FIELDS.
During the week the Oaklanders were
out for daily practice in order to make a
good showing when they meet the Ath,
1 tics Both teams are tied in the race
for honors and a stubborn contest is ex
pected when they will measure bats.
Dan Crowley has given out the pleasing
bit of information to the members of the
Athletics, of whom he is the manage.,
t. at for every run scored a $5 piece will go
W Mr of the Stockton club has
«!sned lurchers and Knell as pitchers,
pf?e as catcher. Knell will act as captain
ch hh cce c foxing is the line-up for Satur
day's game: , .
d Athletics. Position. Oak «Kell
Fitzpatrick Pitcher B«Sf5fJ?
Peters Catcher Sullivan
Pyne ..... First base ..BUM
Reiilv Second base O Nelll
Johnston Third base Lange
Stultz .......... Shortstop .Schmeer
McLaughlin Left field. Mosklman
Ford Center field Donovan
Hllderbrandt.... Right field Hardio
The line-up for Sunday's game will be:
Santa Cruz. Position. Athletics
Mclntyre ...Center field Ford
Williams Shortstop ....Stulz
Deveraux Third base Johnston
Streib Left field McLaughlin
Arrelanes. ...... .Second base Kelliy
Fitzgerald First base Pyne
Daubenbia Catcher ...Peters
Burge Bight field Hildebrand
BoB or S Daubenbls. Pitcher ... Fitzpatrick
Extra Eager
The Alto and Golden Gate baseball
clubs will meet next Sunday morning at
10 o'clock on the California League
Grounds, Sixteenth and Folsom streets,
to decide the amateur championship of
the city and also for a purse of $50. The
Golden Gates is the only team having the
distinction of having defeated the at-
Bonville Club, now in the professional
league A good game is surely to result
from the meeting.- Following will be the
line-up:
Alto Position. Golden Gates.
Brockhoff. .Pitcher ..Bulger
Morrison Catcher alters
Keogan First base Sullivan
Boradori Second base Doherty
Downing Third base Welsh
Raymond Shortstop Carroll
Murphy Left field Tracy
Crawford Center field Monahan
Byrnes Right field Dunn
C. Brockhoff.... Extra
A game of baseball will be played at
Elmhurst Park, Oakland, to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock between the Sev
enth and Eighth California regiments.
As considerable rivalry exists in the base
ball circles of each regiment a good game
is expected.
SPIRITED HANDBALL
IN RYAN'S COURT.
The handball games arranged by Phil
Ryan to be played on Sunday are:
M. M. McNeil and G. McDonald vs. W. Man
lon and L. Corraine; J. Leonard and P. Hutch
inson vs. P. Ryan and M. McChrre; J. Collins
and M. Maguire vs. K. Murphy and E. Cur
ley; J. Hogan and M. Kir!>v va. J. Kirby
and t). Regan; R. Housman and E. Barry
vs. J. Condon and T. Leach; J. Riordaa
and E. Maloney vs. M. J. KJlgallon and J.
White; J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan vs. T. F.
Bonnet and A. Hampton.
PRIVATE TALLON
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE
ARRESTED ON A CHARGE OF
ROBBING THE MAILS.
Secured Possession of a Letter Posted
by a Comrade and Extracted'
a Postoffice Order.
Private John Tallon, Company H, Twenty-
Third Regiment, United States Infantry,
was locked up in the City Prison yesterday
afternoon on a serious charge of robbing
the mails.
Yesterday morning Tallon was in the
Odd Fellows' booth at Camp Merritt
writing a letter. Seated beside him w:ia
Private Willard M. Gurton, Company D
of the Nebraska Regiment, who was also
writing a letter to his wife in lowa. After
finishing his letter Gurton inclosed a
postal order for $18, and after stamping it
put it in the mall basket in the booth.
Tallon also placed his letter in the bas
ket, but returned in a fow minutes and
asked Mrs. Gibbs. the lady in charge of
the basket, for the return of his letter.
She handed it to him, but he remarked it
was one addressed to "his mother, Mrs.
Gurton," that he wanted. The lady then
handed him Gurton's letter.
Tallon tore open the envelope and ex
tracted the postal order, and finished up
by tearing the letter in pieces. He went
in the saloon of August Funke on Fifth
avenue and asked him to cash the order
Funke gave him the money, and he went
into a barber's shop next door to get
shaved. Funke got suspicious that there
was something wrong with the order, and
stepped into the barber's suop. He made
Tallon return the $1S and kept the order
meantime notifying the police. Policemen
Morris and Kissane arrested Tallon and
took him to the prison.
Tallon did not deny trying to cash the
order, but pair! he found the letter on tfie
stroet and thought then- would be nothing
wrong in opening it. He has been twelve
years in the army, and was soon to K'*t
his discharge and over $1200 back pay due
him. He does not seem to realize that he
has committed any crimo.
Knights and Ladies.
The members of the loral lodges of
the Knights and Ladies of Honor will
celebrate the twenty-first anniversary
of the foundation of the order by a lit
erary and musical entertainment in Turn
Verein Hall on the evening of the 6th
of September. The committee of ar
rangements has secured good talent and
will present an enjoyable programme.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
BI'PT IKK cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. TARICOCEIiE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Conta.
gfiou* l»loo«l poison in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system, l^ntliea will receive special
attention for T I their many ailments
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
CHAMPIONSTRUNNING.
BIGGEST MONEYJYER OFFERED.
SATUIUUT X P M. SUNDAY 10 A.M.TUT TUT, CONOVER
AND BLISSFUL
Aqueduct Winners Rid
• ••• den by Maher.
LONG ACRE BEAT RUBY LIPS
• — —
. HAWTHORNE SURPRISES. ASTOR
> AND BLACK FONSO,
Tat Murphy and Borden, Bred in
' California, Successful at St.
-• .'••■. Louis Several Exciting
Finishes.
Special Dispatch to The CalL m '
' ". NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— followers of
.- Maher ha.l a good day at Aqueduct, winning
■ three times out or four on his mounts. Spen-
c er of California piloted Landsdale to victory,
' the bolt beating Bon Ronald out a neck in a
drive. Merlin, with little O'Connor up, cap
tured the last very cleverly, making his run
In the homestretch, up to which point he was
not one, two, three. Commercial Traveler was
a bad favorite in the last race.
. First race, selling, about seven furlongs:
' .. Name and Wt. Jockeys. \j. %■ %■ Str. Fin.
. .'•Blissful!' 101 Maher 12 11 11 11 IS
■ High Priest, 104. .Spencer 2 BV*j 2Vfe 21 2
". Squan, 106 Moody 4 4 4 3 3
: .Tiiranto. 11l Bergen 3 8 8 4 4
' Game Boy, 102.. Cowman 6 5 6 8 b .
'•' Time, 1:27 1-5. V.on easily. Second and third
• Sausalito odds— 3 to 6. 2V4 to 1 and 4to L
Track odds— to E. 3 to 1 and 1 to 1.
■ •Favorite.
Second rac«- two-year-olds, selling, five fur
; longs:
':••• ..Name and Weight. Jockeya.) H. %. Str. Fin.
. •■«Tut~Tut, 100 Maher 1 12 12 13
■ ■•Kirk.wood. 97 Moody 3 3 12
' • -Leando, 112 Simms 4 4 4 3
.'.Ninety Cents. 10« Songerj 2 3 3 4
'.: .Time, 1:09 1-5. Won easily. Second and third
':■.■ -Pausallto odds — to 5, 8 to 5 and 10 to L
'■ : '-Track odds— 2 to 1, 11 to 10 and 20 to 1.
. • •Favorites.
• ' Third race, selling, three-year-olds, one mile:
: • '..Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. H- %• Str. Fin.
: ■Long Acre. 111.. ..M00dy 0 3 In In 1
.-. »Ruby Lips, 91 Maher 2 12 2 2
Trohman, 32 Daly in 1 3 3 8
H. the Great," 97.O 1 Connor] 3 4 4 4 4
:"'- Time. 1:44 1-5. Won driving. Second and
| third driving.
: : ■ • Sausalito ■Ids— B to 5, 1 to 2 and 6 to 1.
• Track odds— to 5. 7 to 10 and I to L
. .••Favorite.
.  Fourth race, selling, mile and forty yards:
'.' Name and Wt. Jockeys. I 14- H- %. Str. Fin.
Landsdale, 101 Spencer 0 0 8 2is In
•••Ben. Ronald, 109..Slmms 3 3 In In 2
.• -Doggett. 104 Dogsett 0 0 0 3 3
• Brighton, 111 ..Gatewood 1111310 0
:. Eln.. 102 o'Leaoi 2 2 0 0 0
■ . "-""Time, 1:47. Won driving. Second and third
•"• Sausalito odds— 4 to 1. 3 to 2 and 2H to 1.
.'..-.. Track odd,s— s to 1. even and 8 to 1.
'•• '•Favorite.
"•• .Fifth race, maiden year-olds, selling,
flve furlongs:
. : . ' '.NamiTand Weight. Jockeys. I V - V Str. Fin.
• •Conover. 101 Maher: 1 1 1 1 ins
»To£het, 103 Moody 8 2 2 2
" Heroics. 103 Coylie' - ° 0 1
'Loch Fyne. 101 Songer 0 8 0 0
■ Lady Bratton, 101. -O'Connor 0 0 0 3
: .^Tme 1:03 2-Z Won driving. Second and
third driving.
='John li. Uoerr 108, The Mascot 104. George
~ : fc'h-nons 106, Kosteletzkrl 105,- Sinsina 96 and
tten Lodl 99 also ran.
" : Ka,usallto odds-2b to 1, 2% to 1 and 4 to 1.
•. ■ Track odds— 3 to 1, ; to 2 and 7 to 1.
' ;• •Favorite*.
' . : Sixth race^sfll'nK, one mile:
•.. vName and Wt. Jockeys. | H- H. *?.. Str. Fin.
M-erltn, 92 O'Connor; 0 0 0 0 1
•'■••Fl^ld I^ark, 97. -Michaels; 3 3 1 12 2
Lei- Lake. 93 E. Jones 0 0 0 0 8
'Athx. $*7 ..J. Cunningham; 112 2 0
' •Com. Traveler. SS.Nevillei 2 2 3 3 0
.-• .Time, 1:46 1-5. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
■. : Fred X 102. Gov. Budd 101, Charagrac« 99,
■ Char Rose 95 and Red . der 94 also ran.
.Sausalito odds — 5 to 1. 4 to '. and S to L
Track odds — to 1. 6 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
PAT MURPHY AND BORDEN.
California-Bred Horses Finish in
Front at St. Louis.
•.■ ST. LOUIS, Aug. 19.— Murphy, the roan
brother to the oldv roan war horse. Tim Mur
phy, captured the first race at extra long odds,
lie was piloted by a Callfornlan, the it ir
Jockey. Johnny McDonald, and his victory was
■ a clever one. Borden, by the dead turf king,
' Mof ello, pit home a head in front of King
Gold in the fifth, and Maddalo Just nosed out
Lord Neville in the last. Track slow.
• /First race, Belling, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. j M.. '.'»■ V Str. Fin.
• P Murphy. McDonald 1111113" 1
Truxlllo, 107 Gilmore 0 0 0 0 2
': Overland. 104 — ..W. Dean 0 0 8 2 3
•Cappy 102 Southard 3 3 0 0 0
Black Silk. 107.. Clark 0 0 2 0 0
Lorranla, 101 Blosa 3_ 2 0_ lh 0
Time, 1:33. Won driving. Second and third
" Barry B 107, Forsythe 104, The Dazzler 104,
3MB 104, Pawnee 104, Springtime 104, Aunt
■ Jane 102 and Ola Foster 102 also ran.
: - Bausallto odds— 2o to 1, 4to 1 and 15 to 1.
' Track odds— to 1, 6to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race. Belling, one mile:
\ Nara7and wt. Jockeys. hi- %. %• Str. Fin.
•.Em. Josephine. 90. .Kane 0 0 ©01
. Erfiool Girl. 85 Ward 1 1 11112
:?A Glyn, 101.. McDonald 2 2 8 3 3
■i 1i 1 'Potter. 100...Lendrum 3 8 0 0 0
Am her OHnts. 98.. .Dean 0 0 2 2 0
[ Time. 1:45%. Won cleverly. Second and third
rßussellar Russella 102, Practitioner 102, Big: Fellow 100,
Ray 8 98. »Klng Oscar 90, Chlqulta II 95, Miss
Florlrff W and Allle B 85 also ran.
Saupalito odds— 4 to 1, 20 to 1 and 2% to 1.
Track odds— B to 1. 25 to 1 and 7 to 2.
, •Favorites.
•'• Third race, selling, two-year-olds, six fur
1om;h: ,: .-.; ■•■■.. ■
'.. Name an.T Weight. Jockeys. I hi. %■ Fin.
•Our Nellie, 105 Southard 1111%
.Ulttir-k. lew McJoynt 2 2 3 22
;-Assessor, 103 - McDonald 0 0 0 3
.•Itose Awh. 103.... P. Campbell 3 3 2 0
Time, 1:17. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
La Kayette 10fi, Uncle mil 106, Clarence B
106, Dick Collins 108, Arllne C 103, Bessie Ew
. inK 103. FlorlFsunt 103, Willy Howard 105 and
Zurich 103 also ran.
. Sausallto odds-2>4 to 1, 8 to 1 and 5 to 1.
• -Track odds— 3 to 1, 12 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, two miles and an eighth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 1%. 1%. 1%, Str. Fin,
J. Bradley, 93.Harshb'Ker 3 3 1 1 13
•Sunburst, 96.. ..T. Burns 11112 2 22
C. S. Bush, 92 Lines 2 2 3 3 3
Time. 3:54. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Marquise 99 and Li Hung Chang 77 also ran.
■ -Sausalito odds— 6 to 1. 1 to 2 and « to 1.
. Track odds— 7 to 1, 3to 5 and ito 1.
■ " 'Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, all ages, six furlongs:
ttame and Weight. Jockeys. V 4. %. Str. Fin.
- 'Hordpn, 108 :. Cay wood 2 1 1 Ih.
Imp. King Gold, 10S..GIlmore 0 0 0 2
Harry Floyd. 103..Hother«tall 0 0 0 3
•Czarowltz. 103 T. Burns 0 3 3 0
Wlßglns, 106 P. Campbell 10 0 0
.Miss Lizzie. 103 Lines 3 2 2 0
Time. 1:13. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Mitchell 108, Trombone 108, Nemo 108, Aquinas
. 105 and Gllroy 105 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 4 to 1 and 12 to L.
Track odd*— 7 to 2, 4 to 1 and 20 to 1.
• 'Favorite*. . U ,
Sixth race, Belling, one mtlet
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. \. Str. Fin.
•Maddalo, 104 ..McDonald 18 * 8 Ins
Lord Neville. ...Lines 1414131
The Planet, 101..Southard 6 0 0 0 3
Flora O, 91..Harshberger 3 8 3 8 0
Time, 1:45. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Laureate 103, Prince of India 101, Count
Fonso 101 and Rebel Jack 90 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 6, 8 to 1 and 30 to t.
Track odds— 8 to 1 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
— ■ <•
BLACK FONSO AND ASTOR
Surprise the Hawthorne Park Talent
Very Sadly.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.—There were two hair
raising finishes at Hawthorne yesterday, and
In both horses at long prices (Black Fonso and
Astor) got the verdict of the Judges. McNlchols
and H. Martin of California piloted the win
ners in the first and fourth events and W.
Martin had the mount on Official, who raced
around San Francisco last winter and spring.
The track was a trifle slow but dried con
siderably.
First race, maidens, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Black Fonso, 107..McNlchols 0 0 3 Ins
•Cutter 110 N. Turner 2 2 2 2h
La Champagne, 105....Martin 0 0 0 3
Scornful, 101 Relft 1 ?„,° », 2
Agnes C. 107 Thorpe 0 In In 0
Hammon, 110 Aker 8 3 0 0
Time, 1:17%. Won driving. Second and third
d Chara."belle 106, Long Suit 106, Bethlehem Star
107". Noblls 107, Fremont 110 and Troll 110 also
rU"ausallto odds-ID to 1, 6 to 3 and 13 to 1.
Track odds—ls to 1, 7to 6 and 30 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, celling, seven furlongs!
Name and Wt. Jockeys. j %■ H- %• Str. Fin,
ArtOT. JOT "~T7.X~ReIn: :' 0 0 8 1% 1 h
Branch. 102 W. Zeno 1 1 11 I 8 h
Hosl 102 Kills 8 0 0 0 8
Ironical, 100 ... ...Everett 2 | 0 0 0
S. & Crescent, 102.Thorpe 0 0 8 0 0
Time, 1:31!4. Won driving. Second and third
Sa Cherry Rose 100. Jay Bird 100, Whlrmantaltne
100 Herman Kahn 106, Queen Mab 106, Ping
105" Pee I'arks 105 and Coronatus 105 also ran.
Sausallto odds—lo to 1. Bto 1 and 3to 1.
Track odds—l 2to 1. 10 to 1 and 4to 1.
Third race, gelling, seven furlongs:
Name and" Wt. Jockeys, j %. %■ %■ Str. Fin.
•Official* 107 ..W. Martin 8 8 3 8 1
Prince Biases, 107..Aker 0 0 0 0 3
L. Blossom. 107....Rutter 3 1118
Julia Hazel. 105 Ellis 13 8 3 0
Time, 1:30%. Won handily. Second and third
Nannie Davis IPO, Carialls 118, Daily Racing
Form 105, George Lee 106 and Sybarl» 107 also
ran.
Sausalito odds 4 to 6, Bto 1 and 4to 1.
Track odds—4 to 5. 13 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, fly» and a half
furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
•Jinks 103 H. Martin 1 1 1118
Hardy Pardee, 10« Aker 2 2 8 2
Boney Boy, 103 Ellis; 3 8 2 3
Time, l:09>». Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Mazo 114, Sonchon 103, Jolly Roger 111 and
Formero 111 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2, 8 to 1 and I to 1.
Track odds— to 2, 8 to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race. Belling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | \i. Vt- %. Str. Fin.
Amy Wade, 103....Rutter' 3 8 2 2 11
•Braw Lad. 114. .L. Belli 13 11 11 11 2
Tranby, 111 Ellis| 3 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:434. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Con Regan 108, Can't Dance 107 and Prose
cutor 10S also ran.
Sausalito odds—s to 1, even and I to L
Track odds— to 1, 6 to 5 and 7 to 8.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. ( M. H- V Str. Fin,
Tonto. 105 Aker~() 0 3 8 T~
Millie M. 105.. N. Turner 0 0 0 0 3
Queen Safle, 103..Everett 0 0 0 0 3
Treeby, 103 Bhepard] 11110
Pitfall, 107 W. Zeno 2 2 2 0 0
King Dance, 107 Ellis 8 8 0 0 0
•Wlnslow, 107 Rutter 0 0 0 3 0
Unity, 107 Thorpe 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:44. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Pausallto odds —6 to 1, Sto 1 and 4to L
Track odds— to 1, 7 to 2 and 8 to 3.
•Favorite.
• •
Results at Anaconda.
ANATOxpa, Mont., Aug. 19— First race.
four and a half furlongs— Clare N won. Queen
Nubia second. Baby Ruth third. Time, ;(•£.
Second race, five furlongs— Distance won,
r Matts second, Dunpralse third. Time,
I:Of,H.
Third race, one mile— Los Prtetoa won,
Oreedmoro L second. Tat Morrlssoy third.
Time, l:42*i.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Pelxotto won, Ser
rano weennd, Etta H third. Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, hurtile. mile and an eighth — TTnl
verHity won. Lord Chesterfield second, J O C
third. Time, 2:OOVi.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Castake won. Gold
Bug second, NerTMO third. Time, 1:18.
LEAGUE GAMES ON
EASTERN DIAMONDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
dub*— "W. L. Pc. ! Clubs— W. L. Pc.
Boston 68 35 .660,Plttpburgr ...52 50 .610
Cincinnati ..67 39 .632 Philadelphia 47 £2 .475
Baltimore ...61 3(j .616 Brooklyn ....38 60 .388
Cleveland ...61 41 .69* Loulßvlllo ...40 65 .3XI
New Y0rk. ..58 44 .569 Washington .37 64 .366
Chicago 55 49 .528 St. Louie 29 76 .276
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 19.— The Phil
lies wont down to-day before the superior
playing of the Colonels. Magee pitched
X""'.l ball and was supported In fin© style.
Attendance 1200. Score:
Club*— B. H. B.
Ilia -.. 8 9 1
I'hiUMj.hia 8 7 1
Batteries— Hag«e and Klttridgre; Orth and
Murphy. T'mplres — Connolly and Snyder.
BALTIMORE:. Aug. 19.— The Orioles did
not win to-day's game with the Browns
until the ninth inning, when Sudhoff let
down after his previous masterly work.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 4 10 0
St. Louis 3 10 2
Batteries- Maul and Robinson; Sudhoft and
Klnslow. Umpire!" — Swartwood and Warner.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Eight hits
for twelve bases gave the Smoky City
boys the game in the eighth. A misjudged
ball by Donovan helped to Increase their
score. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— *r. H. E.
Washington 3 9 2
Plttsburg 7 9 0
Batteries— Klllen and Magulre; Tannehill and
Bowerman. Umpires— Emslie and Hunt.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Eight hits, one
of them a two-bagger, a base on balls
and a batter hit in tho first two Innings,
together with the utter inability of the
Giants to hit Young during eight Innings,
gave the game to the Indians. Though
the sun was shining brightly, the game
was called at the end of the eighth in
ning on account of darkness. Attendance
2000. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
New "iork 2 8 2
Cleveland g 12 2
Batteries— Ooheny and Warner; Young and
O'Connor. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
BOSTON, Aug. 19.— Boston-Cincinnati
game postponed; rain.
HERRESHOFFS WILL
BUILD A DEFENDER
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 1!).— From a re
liable source it has been learned that the
Herreshoffs have not only received a con
tract to build a cup defender, but that
the material for its construction has been
ordered and its design decided upon. The
price Is stated to be $150,000. Prom thia
same source it was learned that a de
signer of the Herreshoffs was at work on
the plans for a second defender at his
office In Philadelphia.
It is asserted here that either Commo
dore Morgan of the New York Yacht Club
or C. Oliver Iselin is at the head of the
syndicate which placed Its order with the
Herreshoffs.
Tennis Matches Postponed.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 19.—Threaten
ing weather with occasional showers this
morning prevented the drying of the
courts, which had become saturated with
last night's copious rain, and the
matches in the national lawn tennis tour
nament were postponed until to-morrow
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths, Notts Beach,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
SPEED IN THE
WESTERN OZONE
Selling- Platers Become
Stake Horses.
SEVERAL CASES ARE NOTED
CHINOOK'S VICTORY OVER £HE
BRITISH CRACKS.
Future of tho Mighty Hamburg,
California Race Meetings—Gos
sip of the Turf,
Notes, Etc.
California climate 1b certainly great for
race horses. Candleblack, a Candlemas
colt brought out here to race last winter
by B. J. Johnston, was ao much benefited
by "the glorioua" that he graduated from
the selling-plate class into the stake and
was purchased by W. H. Clark of Sara
toga last week for $6000. The same gentle
man also secured the chestnut colt Ban
aster, by Farandole-Blossing, therefore a
half-brother to the frequent winner,
Montgomery. Klidad, who could not win
here last winter, has captured two races
at Hawthorne this week. Martha was so
Improved by her trip to the Golden State
that she beat the best stake horses at
Chicago and Saratoga, and was sold re
cently by Tom Griffin for $4000 to ex-Sec
retary of the Navy Whitney. Many other
almost similar instances could be cited of
the wonders California's climate has
worked on beast as well as man.
Ahom, the strapping Sir Dlxon colt that
won at Saratoga On the 12th for "Pitts
burg Phil," is a half-brother to the fa
mous Ben Brush, winner of the Kentucky
Derby.
Mrs. Byron McClelland's colt. His Lord
ship, worked six furlongs over theSheeps
head Bay course late last week In 1:14
flat, with about 100 pounds up. His frac
tional time was :23&, :48, 1:01 and 1;14. In.
consequence he is considered to have a
great chance in the Futurity, richest of
ail two-year-old stake events.
Chinook, a well-named three-year-old
filly, by Sensation, from Breeze, won the |
Nassau Stakes at the recent Goodwood, j
England, meeting, beating the 1000 guinea
winner, Nun Nicer, Orpha (by Orme) and j
five others. As the American representa- j
tive was backed from t> down to 4 to 1 ]
the party is supposed to have made a
neat clean-up. Besides, the stake was
worth about 54150. Kau Gallic, who ran in
Richard Croker's colors for some time,
won at Goodwood for Mr. J. O'Nell, and i
changed hands at 200 guineas. There la i
practically no betting on the St. Leger,
it being conceded that nothing In the
stake has a chance to defeat Jeddah, the
Derby winner.
Hamburg Is not going to Kngland or j
any other country to race, as .several am
bitioua writers have had it of late. It now |
; transpires that Trainer William Lakeland
believes the colt would nut stand training :
much longer, and now that he has demon- :
titrated tv the public that the famous son
of Hanover is a stayer as well as a sprln- ,
U-r, the horse goes to end his days at the
Hitter Root stud, Hamilton, Mont. Mar
cus l»aly has on that place the finest col- i
□ of Kngllsh mares in America, and
with these the might*- Hamburg will bo
mated In lM>y. Trainer Lakeland and Mr.
Daly never had any idea of sending the
colt against Ornament in a match race.
averring that while the four-year-old is
undoubtedly a good horse, he has been
too many times to make It any ;
great honor for Hamburg to defeat him.
A Chi. ,ii;.. paper says: "Willie Sink Jr.,
who refused J12.5'j0 for Formero, is under
going treatment at the hands of a Madi- ;
son-street phrenologist."
Next Saturday, the 20th. the Santa Rosa
trottlng-pacing meeting begins, and not
only are the best performers at present In
California entered, bat thero Is a lot of
"raw material" to be sprung on an un
suspecting public, of which much is ex
!■■ cx< '1 at l«-;i!-t by the owners. At Sac
ramento trur<- are a lot of good "green"
ones, too, and the runners are there in
great force. One of tho best meetings in
the history of the State Agricultural So
ciety Is expected. A. B. Spreckcls, the
newly-fleeted president, is an enthusiast
on contests hetw.en horses of all gaits,
and the coming Stato K;iir meeting Is cer
tain to be a rousing one.
"Long Shot" Conley was set down for
the meeting at Hawthorne last Friday
and fined $1O.» besides for riding foully.
He was not very particular who he •
bumped here last winter.
Anaconda's showing 1 in the 2:08 {MM
at Columbus on the closing day wil ;i
glorious one. The Sacramento gelding
won the first heat In 2:06»4, lost the next
two, then won the fourth in 2:07. the last
heat in 2:08. Of the Oregon pacer
Chehalis the Buffalo Horse World corre
spondent said regarding his race an the
last day: "His second mile In 2:04*4 Is
the fastest race heat for either trotter
or pacer this season. He showed great
ly improved form over that of last week
at Cleveland, and will be one of the
hardest of the pacing brigade to beat for
the remainder of the year." Directum
Kelly had little trouble in the 2:24 trot,
and trotted the fourth heat in 2:l3Vi over
a soft and sticky track, this being one of
the best performances of the year. Last
week he won easily at the Fort Wayne
(Ind.) meeting.
The great Searchlight was beaten at
the Portland (Me.) meeting by Roan
"W'ilkes, who stepped off the three heat 3
in 2:04« i. 2:07*4, 2:05. Keating being sick,
Ben Walker was called upon to drive
Searchlight, who was beaten a length in
the first heat, a good deal more than that
In the second, and more than a length
in the last. Those were tho three fastest
heats of the season.
Nloo, the son of Arlon, 2:07%, and Mag
gie Sullivan, by Sultan (California breed
ing), is a great trotter. At the Portland
(Me.) meeting he beat the superb Eros
mare Drone, who took the second heat
in 2:10*4, in 2:09^. 2:OMi. 2:llVi- Stam
boulette, by Stamboul. was third, and
General, by Sidney, fourth. Verily Cali
fornia made a showing in this race, in
which there were thirteen tsarters.
Nione Is the fastest four-year-old trot
ter ever bred in New England.
Prudence. 2:lsVi. has a foal at her side
by Directum, 2:05*4.
Phyllia Kelly, a sister to Directum
Kelly 2:11%. is entered in the two-year
old trot at Glen Falls, N. T.
Andy McDowell of Pleasanton, Cal.,
has driven the following champions to
their records: Alix, 2:03%; Azote, 2:04%;
Klatawah (3), 2:00*4: Directly (3). 2:07%.
and Lena N In 2:06*4. the fastest mile
ever paced by a mare in a race.
It looks now as if the Pleasanton track
would be considerably widened and 300
good box-stalls erected by a syndicate
of enthusiastic harness-horse lovers. The
Pleasanton course will then be about the
best training track in the State, and
meetings will be held on it at least
a couple of times each season.
Thompson, the little colored lad ruled
off after the Brighton Beach meeting,
has only been riding a couple of sea
sons His father is "Coley" Thompson,
the well-known colored turf correspond
ent who used to be with the Gardeners,
now owners of the Arondale stud, Saun
dersvllle, Term.
j O Keene purchased Braw Lad of
FnochWishard for $800 and his winnings
In his first race. As he won the first
time his new owner sent him to the
post, his purchase price was $1150.
THE WEATHER PBOPHETS.
McAdie's Promotion Causes Changes
in the Local Office.
The Weather Bureau service here Is ex
periencing quite a shaking up. Alexander
McAdie, who has been for three years the
local forecast official at San Francisco,
assisting Forecast Official W. H. Ham
mon, leaves to-day to take the chief posi
tion at New Orleans.
The official rank of the weather service
Is not generally understood as well as
the distinctions of shoulder-straps. A
forecast official Is a sort of division com
mander. Thus, Mr. Hammon bosses all
the weather In California, Nevada, Utah
and Arizona. A local forecast official is
not supposed to know enough to foretell
the weather outside of his town and Im
mediate vicinity, regarding which he
rives supplementary tips, as does fhe fel
low at Los Angeles. la practice the local
forecast official at San Francisco is an
assistant forecast ofllcial and takes his
turn at the whole field. Mr. McAdi© thus
takes charge of the division of the Gulf
and enjoys a promotion in rank.
His place here will be filled by George
H. Wilson, who haa been an observer
here for several years and whose ability
has earned his promotion to local fore
cast official. Mr. McAdie has managed
the climate and crop service here and will
be succeeded In that work i-y Observer
H. E. Smith, who Is transferred from Los
Angeles.
HOLY CROSS FAIR.
Preparations for Raising Funds for
the New Parish Church.
A largo and very enthusiastic meeting:
of tho ladies of Holy Cross parish was
held last evening In the hall adjoining: the
church on Eddy street, to make arrange
ments for the fair which is to be held at
Native Sons' Hall next October. It will
be for the purpose of raising- funds for
the new church which Is now In. course of
construction.
The old building, which Is at present
used for services, has the distinction of
being oftener christened and remodeled
than any church In the United States, or
possibly the world. It was first used by
the parishioners of St. Patrick's, and lo
cated where the Palace Hotel now stands.
Afterward It was put on rollers, named
St. John's and erected on Eddy street,
near Octavia. Lastly It was moved to the
present location in Holy Cross parish,
where It was again rechrlstened and
called after the parish it served.
Rev. John F. McGinty, the popular and
energetic pastor, who has guided the des
tinies of the parish from its inception,
presided last evening. He told those as
sembled that the undertaking was com
menced owing to the exemplary and
largely increased congregation, the old
building being quite inadequate to accom
modate tho worshipers. He also congrat
ulated the ladies on their efforts to help
along the new church, which, with its
massive pillars and stately columns,
would, when comploted, be a grand monu
ment to the Almighty God as well as one
that the parishioners as well as the citi
zens of San Francisco should feel Justly
proud of. The reverend gentleman stated
that when the new edifice is finished,
which he expected would be some time
next spring, the old church would be usod
as a hall for the parish, where it will
finally rest and be a landmark for the
pioneer church of the secular clergy oa
the Mission Dolores Is of the regular or-
Mayor Phelan will open the fair, which
will commence October 18, and will con
tinue for two weeks. The various booths
will be of the most artistic designs and
John W. McDonald of the Young Men's
Society said the ladies of each booth
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
(JiNFi^s^ Do You Want
Ttrrfi^ Strength ?
l&rzl&^MSf^i JjlJs^ Pi ° TOU REALIZE THAT YOU"
££gSakAa^^¥ ■-'■are not the man you should b©
•v t'lus mm - m ™ •re^ at your age? Do you find your
strength falling you, exposing the great drain that has been sapping
the very life and ambition out of you? Does this knowledge mar your
life? , Then It Is time for you to look seriously to your health. You need
such a remedy as Dr. Sanden'a Electric Belt, from which you can ab-
sorb new strength and vitality. It Is a grand remedy for any one who
is weak in vitality, from whatever cause.
Weakness Cured in Six Weeks.
Dm. BANDEN— Dear Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am pronG to
say that it has helped me wonderfully. My back doesn't bother me. and the varicose
veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. I am much Improved
and am glad to say the rupture is one- third the site It was bafora using the Belt.
The Belt has done all you have claimed for It. I remain, yours truly,
J. W. RICHARDS, Virginia City, Nov.. July 30, 1898.
Toning and Invigorating in Its action, It has made hundreds of vig-
orous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you
if you will try It.
"Three Classes of Men
la a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point
out a means by wbfch you can become strong. It Is sent sealed, freo
to any address, or can be had on application at the office.
Don't put It off. Act to-day ii a manner which concerns the happi-
ness not only of yourself, but of your family and friends of your future.
You should not delay. Call or address,
DR. A. T. SANDEN, not in drub stores. ]
70S Market 84reet, Corner Seamy, Baa Franc M*.
CXflce hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sundaya, It . *>r- B*a<lB * a<Ie I °'" 1 Electrlo Belt
to t Branches at boa Anselea, Cal., 304V4 »■ never sold In drug "tores
Bouth Broadway; Portland, Or., 853 Wa«hln«- »<"" b y traveling agents; only
ton street; Denver. Colo., 981 Sixteenth atre«t; *t our office.
DallM. Tex., 285 Main street. ♦■ ■ ■ it
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed an
per blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $415,863 75
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,155,675 81
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,242,546 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 160,000 00
Cash In company's office 23.136 S2
Cash In banks 293,134 09
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 10,726 07
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 316,377 60
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance 491,994 43
Total assets $5,098,954 29
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid .1]
Losses in process of adjustment or I
in suspense \ $538,316 07
Losses resisted. including ex-
penses Jl
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less; reinsurance
60 per cent 1,560.173 12
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata 250,803 54
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 1,125 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 219,531 98
Total liabilities $2,559,943 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $3,560,675 38
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 48,261 23
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other «ources 96.668 88
Received for rents 20,368 77
Received from all other sources 31.347 14
Total Income $3,765,32139
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $516,881 67, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,276,907 23
Dividends to stockholders 375,000 00
Paid or allowed for j commission or
brokerage 706,111 44
Paid for salaries, feeb and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 235.123 46
Paid for State, national % and local
taxes •••• 61,863 13
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 108,560 19
Total expenditures $3,823,574 44
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.. $2,276,907 22
EMIL F. MIETMKE, Vice-President.
RUDOLF BERNDT, I Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24tb
day of March, 1898. •
HENRY N. DEIDKRICH,
United . States Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK, >
Managers Pacific Coast Department,
803 CALIFORNIA STREET,
■-. BAN FRANCISCO, CAI*.
would have "an evening at home,** and
would give a highly interesting pro
gramme of vocal and instrumental music:
that an excellent orchestra would appear
nightly. The League of the Cross Cadets
will also assist.
The ladies of the different booths re
ported the receipt of innumerable articles
of value, from pincushions to houses and
lots, also antique relics, for all of which
chances will be sold. Mrs. Spottiswood
has a dagger which was found in Clontarf
In 1798, being on the spot where the great
battle was fought in the eleventh century
with the Danes, in which the famous Irish
King Brian Boru was slain. It is a coun
terpart of instruments used in those days,
and was exhibited at the Archaeological
Society In Dublin for many years.
Mrs. Regan has a piece of the stone
from the high altar of the grand old ruin
of Holy Cross Abbey, the historic seat of
learning of the Franciscans in Ireland.
There will also be interesting souvenirs
of the naval and land battles of Manila,
In which many of the sons of those taking
part In the fair were engaged. Mrs. Dunn
and Mrs. Hannlgen will have booths, and
Mrs. Cassasa will preside over the re
freshments. They will serve a fine lunrh
each day at popular prices, during which
time no tickets for chances or soliciting
will be allowed.
The names of other ladles who will have
charge of booths will be published later.
Good Work of Father Moeller.
Father Moeller, S. J., who recently con
cluded one of the most successful re
treats ever held at St. Ignatius Church,
left for Los Angeles yesterday morning
for the purpose of instituting a ceremony
of like character for the benefit of the
Catholics and members of other denomi
nations ■willing to accept tho conditions
of self-sacrifice implied In the retreat.
Upon the conclusion of this new ef
fort. Father Moeller will leave for St.
Louis, where he will be installed in the
Jesuit College as an Instructor of the
Fathers of the Third Probation.
Ukiah and Return $2.
Ther© will be a special excursion to
Uklah Sunday, August 21. leaving Tlbu
ron Ferry at 8 a. m. t and for which the
far© for the round trip will be only $2.
The time for departure from Ukiah will
be 4:30 p. m., giving four hours there,
and affording plenty of time to visit the
fish hatchery of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway, Vichy Springe.
and the many other points of Interest. *
Miss Joy to Sing in This City.
Miss Beresford Joy, the gifted and
talented contralto soloist of the Unity
Church, of Los Angeles, will be heard
this city Saturday and Sunday at the
Howard - street Methodist Episcopal
Church. On Sunday morning she will
render "O Love Divine," and in the even
ing "But the Lord Is Mindful of His
Own," by Mendelssohn.
STATEMENT
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash _ $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $87,500 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,030,586 35
Caph in company's office 448 33
Cash in banks 833,154 20
Interest due and accrued on all
Ptof-kH and loans J. 571 26
Premiums in due course of collection 372,817 Stt
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 4,801 81
Total asset* -.....$1,731,379 89
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
In process or adjustment or In sus-
pense losses resisted, including ex-
penses $131,268 50
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $602,272 61;
reinsurance 50 per cent 801,136 31
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $163,438 03;
reinsurance pro rata 95.897 67
Gross premiums on burglary risks... 28,700 00
All other demands against tha com-
pany 477,237 39
Total liabilities „ $1,034.289 87
INCOME.
Net ensh actually received for flre
l.romlums $695,567 87
Net cash actually received for bur-
glary premiums 85,235 44
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 41.685 Si
Received for rents 6,225 00
Received from all other sources 2,543 08
Total Income — — $783,257 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $396,165 62
Net amount paid for burglary losses. 3,854 28
Dividends to stockholders 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage • •• 111,449 59
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 62,37154
Paid for State, national and local
taxes • 8.053 89
All other payments and expenditures 50.974 18
Total expenditures _— $637,899 10
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $451,992 38
Risks and Premium*. jFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks!
written during the year $397,631,431 $1,606,942 87
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 222,348.463 674,307 83
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 248,235,467 765, H0 63
J. BLUMBERGER, President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of April. 1898. HUGH S. PITCAIRN,
United States Consul.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT]
213 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
V. CARDS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Asst. Manager,
: ' ADVERTISEMENTS. _!
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
' : bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy \
to take as sugar.
SEE IrAßirtfQl FOR HEADACHE - SEE
UAM tttO FOR DIZZINESS.
GENUINE ®ITTLE FOR BILIOUSKESS. GENUINE
GENUINE W VFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
1 PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER m m for SALLOW skim. WR4PPER
TTHArrLii [aBMi Iroß the complexion " Mrr ™
p. i CE>ULM; MUST HAVE gjPHATUWt.
25 cents I Purely Ve^etalile.^^^^^^w:
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KE.VHXT AND VVAaHLN'GTON BT3.— RB-
morieled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms 50c to Jl 50 day.
$6 to »8 week, $s to $30 month. Free b»ihs; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* la everj'
room; elevator runs all night.
PROCLAMATION.
i btate ov california,
executive Department.
__ SACRAMENTO, July 20th, ISM.
i WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendment! to the Constitution of tho
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER OWE.
(Being Sonata Constitutional Amendment No.
41. >
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend Bald section to
read as follows: V 
Section Is. No county, city, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall in-
cur «my Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thlras
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shaH be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on turn Indebtedness as it rails
due, a,nd also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
some; provided, however, that the City and
County of Ban Francisco mar at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth f.scal years, out of the income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and In determining any
Claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred in the construction
of Its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any indebted-
! ness or liability incurred contrary to this PH)-
j vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited.
; shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of. the
State of California an amendment to ths Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants ot
| counties, of local county government acts for
j their own government. Tho said proposed new
I section to read an follows:
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county
Way frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to, the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at. any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it snail be
1 within ninety days after such election, to pre-
: pare and propose a county government act for
' such county which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
chall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified elector? voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
' A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by. the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
governmert act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall bu made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the Office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the recorder of deeds in the county,
Among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act bo ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or
fl;eclal election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
fcaVH in a newspaper of general circulation in
such county and ratified by at least three-
fKth3 of the qualified electors voting thereon,
end approved by the Legislature a* herein pro-
vided for the approval of the county govern-
ment act in submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may be presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted on separately with-
CUt prejudice to others.
It snail be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for th 9
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
time* in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed: and for the constitution,
reculation compensation and government of
such boards and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by th» people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election
Whenever any county has, in the manner find
method herein pointed out, adopted any county
government act, and the same shall have been
■DDroved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
directions of sections four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
system of county governments throughout the
Btate and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of officers, and th* regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not apply.
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified la th
manner herelnabove set forth. |
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
("Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No ■
♦4.)
A resolution proposing to the people of th
1 State of California an amendment to the Con
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: .
Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
list of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of ■ Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
bear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terras
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
In the City and: County of San Francisco,
commencing . on the second Monday la July.
and
via . tha-jClfr-unf. . aagramentn.. asaassxiTSi. ' ca.
\AI. X. HESS,
NOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus SprecKela Bids,
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 911 California et., below PoweU*
Ban Francisco.
the second Monday of November of. eacli yeap.
The Judges holding such tern) of court ana!
receive no extra compensation therefor, bfli
shall receive their actual expenses, to be pal<
out of tha general fund of the State treasury,
The Legislature shall enact all laws oecesaorj
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision:
of this •-'•Hon.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. J
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87.) ;
A^resolution to propose to the people of the
state of California an amendment to the Con*
stitutlon of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section .number five and one-half, relating ta
consolidated city and county governments. Th<
i said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6%. The provisions of section* fouf
and five of this article shall not. nor shall an*
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
, nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under sectloa
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FTTH.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. J6.)
A resolution to propose to the people of t£*r
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the .
Constitution of the State of California. bjP
which it Is proposed to amend eald sections th-
! read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall \>4,
i elected at the same time and place and In th*
! same manner as tho Governor, and his term oC:
| office and his qualifications shall be the sama.
I He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
I only have a casting vote therein.
j Section 18. In case of the Impeachment of" :
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
I inability to discharge the powers and dutle*
s Of his office, resignation, or absence from the!
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
, devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for thai
residue of the term, or until the disability-
' shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, of
become Incapable of performing the duties. oC
his office, or be absent rrom the State, th*
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
as Governor until the vacancy In the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
, be chosen, or until such disability of the Heu-
j tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a Va-
| cancy in the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempors
! of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
I duties of Governor, then the powers and dutletj
; of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until th« office of Governoff
| shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Betas; Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3S).
A resolution to propose to tile people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
Fix, Article nine of the Constitution of the State
i of California, relating to irrammar schools by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
I read as follows: •
Section 6. The public school system shall ln«
1 elude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools,'
find technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but tho entire revenue derived from ■
■ the State school fund and the State school tax
; shall be applied exclusively to the support if
primary and grammar schools. Gramma*
schools shall include schools organised in 4
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be taught whlea
: will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural^
j mining or scientific department of the'UalW
verslty of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84).
A resolution to propose to the people of tnt
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, In rela-
t ion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
I is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature)
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its member*,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-,
] tarnation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which 11'
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad» 4
Journment. If the two houses fail to agree>
upon a time at which they will resume their,
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete Its :
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of thei
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the prorli
siGns of the Constitution, and an act of th*
Legislature of the State of California, entitles*
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
pesed amenciments to the Constitution of th»
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 188J.'
the above-described nroposed amendments ar»
hereby published and advertised to be voted 1
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the.
State, at. tl.o election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1893.
The said proposed amendments are to bo sep-
arately voted upon !n manner and form as fol-,
lows: 0 .. • - ••.■■..
Each ballot used at such election most eon-;
tn!n written or printed thereon the following"
words, whereupon the voter may express hi*
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Fnanclsco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of ita- --
water works from the provisions of N»
the Constitution reqTiirinK such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? [I
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county ■
government arts by Inhabitants of-f " JJa
ccuntles for their government). 1
Fr.r the Amendment? '([
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fl
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine .claims Tesi
against the Htate. and to consist of ' ~
three Superior Judges designated by Nol
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
Fcr the Amendment? f ' \
Amendment Number Four, being As- i
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or- —3
ran! zed, or holding a charter un- Nd
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? '(J
Amendment Number Five, being As- '.
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 86 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto In . ■
certain cases and removing dlsabilty' No/
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? I
Amendment Number Six, being Assess- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 . Tea)
(relating to and defining Grammar- -. ■■. - ..
Schools). . ' No)
For th* Amendment? ' ' '
Amendment Number" Seven, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for' not less than thirty- ■ . .
nor more than sixty days during each Not
session). • ,■
For the Amendment? !'
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of tbaj
State of California, the day and year hereby
first above written. '
JAMES H. BUDP, Governor, ,
Attests IV H. P&OIS2J, £&cttitMjM>t SUta.
.^ISCAJ*.! -=*
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver lower.
Ail Cereals declined.
Straw and Rolled Barley lower* ,
Fancy Wheat Hay wanted.
Another decline In Means.
No change in Flour.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. .
Tomatoes still lower. "'. C '* ■■'■'=
Dairy Products stationary.. » ,
Poultry In good supply.
Fruit market about th« earn*.
Dried Apricots advanced again. .
Pried Pears and Peaches firm.
New Prunes dull and very unsettled.
Provisions as usual.
Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat quotations unaltered.
Grain Bags lower.
Rice unchanged.
Linseed Oil advanced.
HOLIDAY IN NEW YORK.
' To-day will be a holiday In New York, on
account of the naval parade and reception to
Admirals Sampson and Schley.
OUR NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bulle- j
tin issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department show the value of the
principal articles of merchandise exported from
■ the United States for the seven months ended
July 81: Breadstuffs, J152.515.370: cotton, $109,
857,480; mineral oils, $2?.427.510; cattle and hogs,
120 939 463. provisions, $93,326,110; total, $436,389.
263. The values of the articles mentioned ex
ported during the seven months ended July 31, ;
1597 were $325,574. 565. The vain.- of the ex
ports of breadstuits from San Francisco during
July was $461,607, and for the seven months
then ended $7,211,226, against $1.154,426 and |
uJ7, 139,895 for the same time last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridlnn Pacific Time.)
SaX FRANCISCO, Aug. 19, 5 p. m.
The following max! mum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
in California:
Eureka, 6^; Fresno, 9S; Los Angeles. SS; Red
Bluff, 92; San Luis Oblspo, SO; San Diego. 7S;
Sacramento. 90; Independence, 94; Yunia, IPS.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, -IS; mean, SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
An area of low pressure is central over South
eastern California and Western Arizona. Tho
pressure is highest along the coast of Northern
California. The barometer has risen over the
plateau regions. • v
The changes In temperature nave been slight
In all districts.
The weather Is partly cloudy over Northwest
Washington and Southern Arizona. Elsewhere
fair weather prevails.
Light rain is reported from tho Puget Bound
country. A light thunderstorm is also reported
from Southern Arizona.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 20. 1593:
• Northern California — Fair, except partly
cloudy along the coast Saturday morning; brisk
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, except
cloudy and foggy along the coast In the morn
ing; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Saturday.
• Utah— Fair Saturday; cooler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday, with thun
derstorms In the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity— Saturday,
except partly cloudy in tne morning; brisk
southwest wind in the afternoon.
Special report from Mount Tamalpats—
Trlnd west, 30 miles; temperature, 68; maximum,
74. U. H. WILLSON, Observer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19— The recovery from j
yesterday's reaction in the stock market was j
decisive and complete before the end of the j
day, and the closing showed a furiously active j
buying movement In force which was absorb- ,
Ins all offerings at advancing prices. Some of j
these offerings were heavy as a result of the j
attractive level of prices attained, and numer- |
ous individual blocks of 10,000 shares and up- j
•ward of St. Paul were snapped up with appar
ent avidity. St. Paul resumed the leadership
of the market and was well taken and firmly 1
held all day, but it was net until the last half
hour of the trading that it was taken decis
ively In hand and rushed up from about 110%
to 112}*. The other grangers followed suit, '
though at a less lively rate and with nowhere '
near bo large a volume of business. Burling
ton recovered its 14 dividend and % besides.
The earlier part of the day showed a marked
falling off In the animation of the market, and
the conspicuous movements in prices were con
fined almost entirely to the industrial special
ties. It became evident at the opening that
there were supporting orders for leading stocks
which offered a barrier to further declines In
them. There was In addition a continuance of
the outside demand for stocks through com
mission houses. Some of the industrials
showed a buoyant tone and served to sustain
prices. Although there was Borne realizing i
during the first hour, it was so well absorbed
that the bears became discouraged and de- |
sisted from their efforts to break the market.
When it was announced thai the Stock Ex
change would be closed from to-day until Mon
day it became evident that the shorts were |
the ones who felt timid about leaving com- j
mitments outstanding. The rise in St. Paul ]
•was 3H. Lake Erie and Western 5, Lake Erie i
and Western preferred 7' 4 , -Pacific Coast Im
provement 34 and Pacific Coast Improvement !
second preferred 3.
Reports by the Trade Journal and from other
sources tell of some expansion of business as
a result of the termination of the war with
Spain. New York banks are shipping gold
to the "Interior for circulating medium. An
early gold movement from abroad to New York j
seems inevitable, and there is eager demand i
by national banks for the new Government !
bonds. As fast as they can be acquired they j
will undoubtedly be used for expanding the j
bank circulation.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 4*o,
chares, Including: Atchlson preferred, 12.43 1 );
Chesapeake and Ohio, 3633; Burlington, 17.C25: }
Lake Erie and Western. 14,030; Lake Erie and I
Western preferred, 6402; Louisville and Nash- I
ville, 5850; Manhattan. 16,520; Northern Pacific,
35,420; Northern Pacific preferred. 3450; Rock
Island, 15.220; Union Pacific. 6150; St. Paul.
7160; Southern preferred. 5120; Union Pacific
preferred. 13,120; Cotton Oil, 7510: Tobacco, 10,- .
920; Chicago Great Western, 16,320; People's
Gas. 15,820; Illinois Steel, 4535; Sugar, 28,120;
Tennessee Coal and Iron. 12,220; Leather pre- i
ferred, 11,820; Rubber, 3359.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 14 St P& dm 861*
Do prefd 36 Do prefd 154
Baltimore & Ohio 16% St P M & M 163 !
Canada Pacific .. 84% So Pacific 21%
Canada Southern. 54*. So Railway 914
Central Pacific .. 17^ Do prefd 34N
Ches & Ohio 2.V. 4 Texas <£ Pacific. it",
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific 28/*
Chi B& Q 118% Do prefd 64?t,
Chi & E 111 60 I' P D & G 4\r
C C C & St L.... 45*; Wabash ST*
Do prefd 86% Do prefd 21%
Del & Hudson... 109 Wheel & L ¥..... 1% j
Del L & W 14»% Do prefd 12',;
Den &R G 13% Express Companies — ;
Do prefd 53"i Adams Ex 105 I
Erie (new) 14% American Ex 134
Do Ist prefd... 87% United States .... 41
Fort Wayne 172 Wells Fargo 118
Gt Nor prefd IS4H Miscellaneous —
Hocking Valley... 51% A Cot Oil 3474
Illinois Central .. 112 Do prefd 86
Lake Erie & \V.. 22% Amn Spirits ..... 14
Do prefd s. ! < Do prefd 3S
Lake Shore l!' 2l * Am Tobacco 140%
Louis & Nash .-.r. 1 - Do prefd 133 :
Manhattan L .... 100% People's (las 102%
Met St Ry •• 158 Cons Gas 194
Mich Central 108 Com Cable Co 170 ;
Minn & St L.... 28% Col F & Iron 25V4
Do Ist- prefd SO Do prefd 75 :
Mo Pacific 87% Gen Electric 41
' Mobile & 0hi0... 2S Illinois Steel 67%
Mo X & T 124 Lnclede Gas 62
Do prefd 4ti : ? Lead 37%
Chi Ind & L 9 Do prefd 112
Do prefd 84% Nat Lin Oil 6
N J Central 94 Haw Com Co 26';
N T Central i' ! . Pacific Mail 34'
N V Chi & St L.. H'--. Pullman Palace... Hi
Do Ist prefd 60 Silver Certificates 59\i
Do 2d prefd.... 36 Sugar 140 Vi
Nor West 15 Do prefd 114 V» '
No Araer Co -CV, T C &- Iron 33 ;
No Pacific 37 V 8 Leather • 8
Do prefd 7". 7 . Do prefd 7814 :
Ontario & W lfi** U S Rubber 464
Or R & Nay 60Vi Do prefd in:,..
Or Short Lin-... 34/ West Union 95% ;
Pitthburg IBS C A N W 134»i
Reading 19% Do Drefd 175
Do Ist prefd 46% St L & S W 5*5 *
Rock Island 106% Do prefd 13%
St Louis & S F... 8% n O.W '«
Do Ist prefd 6" l /*\ Do prefd .... 65U
Do 2d prefd.... 34% Chi O W 17"
Et Paul 112 Brooklyn R T OS's
Do prefd lf.S I
CLOSING BONDS.
V B new 4s reg.. 12S NJ C m 114
Do coup 128 x Carolina 65.... 125
D S 4s Ul% Do 4s 102%
Do coup 112% No" Pac lsts llaVi ;
• Do 2ds 97 Do 3s C 5%
V 6 ."8 reg 113 Do 4s 100%
Do f.s coup 113 .V YC* St L 4s. 107
Patriot 3.63s 116% Nor & W 6s 122
Ala class A lib Northwstrn cons. 141V4
Do B 100 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 90 |O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 4s 100%
Atchlson 4s 9574 O S Lino 6s tr.... 12S
Do adj 4s Tt% O S Line 5s tr.... 107%
Can So Ha 110 Pacific 6s of 95... 102U
Chi Term 4s 89^ Reading 4s m%
C & Ohio 59 115M> R G W lsts 91
C H & D 4Vis 104% St L & I M C ss. 100
D & R G lsts.... lll 3 i|Bt L & S F G 6s. 120
D & R G 4s 98% St P Con 154%
East Term lsts.. 105*., St P -C & I 1I 1 lsts. 120
Erie Gen 4s 74% Do Ss 117
F W & D lsts tr. 78% So Railway as... 97
Gen Elec 5s 108 Stand II & T (Is.. 67%
OH& S A 65.... 105 Term new set 3s. 92%
Do 2ds ..: 100 Tex P L Q lsts.. 107
H&T Csb 111% Do Bg 2d5...... 45%
Do con 6s 108H V P D & G lsts. 77
lowa C lsts 105 Wab Ist 5s 112%
La new cons 45.. 103 Do 2ds .. r ... 89 I*,1 *,
L. & X Unl 45.... 81 W Shore 4s 10*%
Missouri 6s 100 |.Va Centuries 75%
M X & T 2ds 65% I Do deferred .... 08
Do is 91% I ! Union Pac 4s 99
N T Central lsts. 116 | ; ;\ -: " : -
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario * 65
Crown Point 10 Ophir 20
Con Cal & Va... 34 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 135
Gould & Curry--. i 12 Do prefd 400
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada 50
UomeFtake 45 00 ! Standard 1 45
Iron Silver 7*l Union Con 20
Mexican 12 1 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Do prefd E7H
Call loans 2 @3 Atunison prefd .. 36V*
Time loans 2»£<a>4 \ Boston L 67%
Stocks— !E E Illinois 183
A T & S F 13-' a Gen Elec prefd... 9Sft
Amer Sugar 140% Bonds- : v
Do prefd 114% Atchlson 4s 84%
Bay State Gas... New England Bs. 114
Bell Telephone... 283 j Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 236 Allouez Mm C 0... 4%
Chi Bur & Q 11»% Atlantlo 28
Fitchburg 164% Boston & Mont.. 276 ft
Illinois Steel 67 Butte & Boston.. 20%
NY* New Eng. 98 j Calumet & Ilecla. £90
Old Colony 193 Centennial IS*,
Or Short Line.... 33% Franklin 13ft
Rubber 46Va Osceola 67
Union Pacific 28 Qulncy 118
West Knd 87 Tamarack 170
Do prefd 100% Wolverine 25%
Westinghouse El. 31 Old Dominion 27%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19- The Evening PosCs
London financial cablegram says: It was a
blank day in the stock markets here, the ex
change being half empty in advance of the
holiday to-morrow. The tone was good, how
ever. There were sharp recoveries in Canadian
Pacific and in Grand Trunk. Americans
opened dull, following the New York lead,
but rallied on New York support.
Argentines were good on a further drop of
six points in the gold premium. The fall In
De Beers mines continues.
Canadian Pacific. 57%: Grand Trunk, 7V*,.
Bar Silver quiet, 27?gd. Money, %@% per cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 40%; unchanged from
yesterday's closing.
PARIS. Aug. Spanish 4s closed at 40.55.
MADRID, Aug. 19.— Spanish 4s closed to
day at 64.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will say: This has been a
week of active and excited ppeculatlon. The
public has come into the market and buying,
which at times assumed an almost reckless
appearance, haa extended throughout the
share list. Large professional Interests have
taken up various parts of tho list In succes
sion and found the public ready to follow their
lead. The conspicuous feature of tho week
was tho granger BtocJBS and the most striking
incident the increase of the Burlington divi
dend rate to 1% per cent quarterly, or 6 per
cent per annum. This announcement, coming
out on Wednesday, when the market seemed
likely to react under taking of profits by
traders, kept up the excitement and advances
for that day, while It resulted In dealings to
the extent of 900,000 shares, one of the largest
days the exchange has had In some time.
On Thursday, however, there was more or less
reaction throughout the market, profits being
taken freely, while at the declines there wae
a fair amount of fresh buying. On Friday the
market tended to recover still further and
support was given by the large Interests.
Shorts covered and the close was In many
cases at or near the highest level of the move
ment. The market Is certainly a broader one
than for n lonj? time past. Commission house
buying has been the feature and while as yet
It cannot be said that the public has taken
the market away from the professionals the
latter seem to have much less control than
usual. Some of the usual accompaniments
of nn old time "boom" are present, and the
Btreet at Inree Is apparently Inclined to be
lleve thnt 1? it does not become a boom the
rise of prices and Increase of speculative ac
tivity will continue for some time at least.
The principal developments of the week have
all ten. led to favor the bull side, the effects
of peace being supplemented by a further good
crop report, by nn Increase in earnings and
by the advance of Americans In London and
the appearance of a disposition on the pnrt of
ners to purchase. A decline of exchange
at the end of the we»k was also noted among
the favorable circumstances.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The following table. |
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear- '
ings at eighty-eight cities for the week ended i
August IS, with the percentage of increase
' and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $502.591,221 13.9
Boston 95. 705. 671 3.5
Chicago 96,097,648 11.5 ....
Philadelphia 65.531.187 8.1 —
St. Louis -25.192,803 ....
Pittshurg 17,933,288 35.7 ....
Baltimore 15,239,611 .... 8.5 j
San Francisco 15.838,449 .... B.S
Cincinnati 10,840,850 7.3 ....
Kansas City 10.496.728 3.8 ....
New Orleans 6,302,044 3.6 ....
Minneapolis 7.423,761 23.1 ....
Detroit 7.970.567 43.0 .... |
Cleveland 7,231.399 32.3 .... j
Louisville 5,857,191 1.9 ....
Providence 4.794,550 3.5
| Milwaukee ......... 4.320.332 3.5 — |
St. Paul 3,522,262 .... 18.7
I Buffalo 8,807.011 .... 3.3
Omaha ......••■••■■• 5,549,945 27.1 •• • • |
I Indianapolis 5,164,401 20.2 .... j
I Columbus, 0 3.011,200 .... 8.4
Savannah 1,2*1. 10.6
Denver 2.968.153 42.2
Hartford 1.900.7(3 |
Richmond ".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 3.016,987 48.7 .
Memphis 1.210.970 4.1 .... I
Washington 1.689,736 10.6 .... I
Peoria 1.367.148 .... 8.5
Rochester '.'.'..'.'.'.'.'.'. 1.744. 4*0 40.0
! New Haven 1,516.418 22.4
i Worcester 1.351. 438 4.1
Atlanta 1.196.678 6.0
Salt Lake City 1.542.294 19.1
Springfield. Mass.. 1.260.375 2.3
Fort Worth 2.010, 78.8 ....
Portland, Me 1.847,188 3.9
I Portland. Or 1.552,520 20.6
St. Joseph 2.895,893 129.3 ....
! Los Angeles 1.111.824 .... 19.2
Norfolk 753.221 1.0
Syracuse 918,231 8.7
De« Motnes 921,042 19.9
Nashville 901. .... 3.\ ;
! Wilmington, Del... 802,018 .... 1.1 ;
Fall River 718.474 .... 13.1 I
; Scranton 809.091 .... 5.6 [
Grand Rapids 873.013 21.6
Augusta, Ga 401.569 6.2
Lowell 683.211') .... ....
Dayton, 0 750.333 43.9 —
Seattle 1.275.010 77.0
Tacoma 562.218 18.8 ....
Spokane 831.830 136.9
Sioux City 620.140 29.4 .:..
New Bedford 437,574 6.3 ....
Kncxvllle, Term... 454.155 12.9 .... <
Topeka 551.604 2.3 .... j
Birmingham 309.3".4 .... 27.3
Wichita 3*3,776 7.5
Binghamton 324. 20.9
Lincoln 332.026 8.5 ....
Lexington. Xv 443.227 48.4 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 209,703 20.1 ....
Kalamazoo 381.667 66.1 ■-;....
Akron 821.809 48.6
Bay City 139.902 .... 31.8 ]
Chattanooga M 6.880 7.7 ....
Rockford. 11l 171.612 1.1
■ Canton. 0 202.500 37.4
Springfield. 0 158,707 12.6
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 60.759 86.6 ....
Hastings. Neb 18,749
Fremont, Neb si. 67!) .... 10.0
: Davenport €00,390 10.8
Toledo ' 1.621.3C9 .... 27. S
•Galveston 4.723. 9.7 —
•Houston 4.M9.0M .... 17.0
YVningstown 233,085 6.3 ....
"Maeon 3G4.'V>O .... ....
••Fvansvi'lie 598,731 .... ....
•♦Helena 614,840
Totals, U. 5..'.. $1,273,106,331 11.6
Totals, outside of
New York 470. M 5, 110 7.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $11,109,227 .... 6.0
Toronto 7.496.1.16 3.9 •
Winnipeg 1.55 C.524 .... 9.5
Halifax 1.245,681 .... 4.8
Hamilton r.«4.691 .... 3.6
St. John. N. B 688,915 6.0
■ Totals 122.711,394 .... 2.6
• Not Included In totals because containing
■ other Items than clearings.
•• Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Perhaps the most interesting
feature of the genera] business situation at
present is the air of confidence with which the
mercantile community awaits the approach of
the fall trade period. While of course based
in some degree upon the favorable results al
j ready achieved in many lines It Is unquestion
ably true that the flattering j crop outlook at
home and the return of peace, with the ex
pectation of benefits to our export trade nat
urally expected to accrue therefrom, make
up for much of the feeling thus expressed,
Reflection of the growth of the fall trade is
found in the steady expansion now going on in
bank clearings, the improved demand at higher
prices for most makes of Iron and steel, the
generally favorable railway earnings, which.
in default of a large movement of crops to
market, point to a large return trade in manu
factured goods to th» agricultural sections, and
the reports of continued activity in distributive
trade. West and South, with signs of a mod
erate Increase In interest at leading Eastern
market?, which hitherto have not shared largely
In the trade improvement. The immense busi
ness doing In iron . and steel products at ; ad
vanced prices calls attention to the proportion
ately less notable expansion of crude Iron pro
duction. Plglron statistics, In fact, point to
an even 1 smaller output for the current month,
some of which curtailment, . of course, is nat
urally based upon midsummer conditions. Ad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1893.
! vances in many grades of iron, notably Besse
mer ;uid South..-™ pig, are features of the IRA
as are also higher ijuotations for steel billets
at nearly all markets, wire rods and a great
many Classen of finishing iron and steel, par
tlrufarly structural material. Advances in cop
per, on the strong; statistical position, and lead
an- also among the interesting features in the
metal trade. At the West iron and steel are
particularly active, and the large, number of or
ders already booked make manufacturers fairly
independent regarding: prices and favor an ad
vance on future business. The situation in
cereals shows but little change. The balance
established between phenomenally reduced vis
ible supplies, active milling demand at home
and fair export inquiry on the one hand and
the very promising crop outlook on the other
hand tends to steadiness in prices, and other
cereals sympathize -with wheat.
Reports as to collections the country over
are very encouraging. From winter wheat sec
tions especially reports are very good. Some
slowness is noted In payments at the North
west, but this is expected to disappear when the
spring wheat crop moves.
Business failures are larger in number than
last week, aggregating ISS against 157 last
week as compared with 231 In this week a
year ago, 264 in 1i96. 192 in 1895 And 251 in 1894.
Buyers are appearing In Increasing numbers
at leading Western markets. Chicago reports
Increased activity In distributive trade on
country demand, with dry goods shipments es
pecially large. Sales of iron and steel are re
stricted by Inability to deliver. The short pack
of canned salmon has advanced prices. South
ern and Western buyers are arriving at St.
Louis, and dry goods, boots and shoes, hats
and caps are all active. Advances in struc
tural iron are a feature, and tin plate and
sheet mills are behind on orders. Kansas City,
St. Paul. Omnha and Minneapolis report ac
tive trade. East of the Mississippi and north
of the Ohio rivers In the West reports of trade
ere not so nattering, but a steady business Is
reported doing, with some slight improvement
at a number of markets.
At Memphis the outlook Is for the heaviest
business In the history of the city, but dam
age by cotton worms in Texas affects trade
nt Qalveaton. In the South Atlantic rltles re
ports are of a perceptible improvement In
trade. On the Pacific Coast, while business Is
quiet In California, large crops In Oregon and
Washington are expected to make fall trade
lively. Oregon fntltmen are doing a good busi
nps= and are shipping to California points.
At the East more Is doing at Baltimore. South
ern buyers are increasing In number, and
stocks are reported heavily reduced. Business
Is active at Pittsburg, Iron and steel being es
pecially so. At Boston and New York a
moderate improvement is noted. In wool and
woolen goods business Is only moderate, nnd
manufacturers buy for present requirements.
Orders for men's wear goods for the spring
trade are coming in better.
Wheat shipments for the week, Including
flour, aggregate 3, 796,938 bushels, as against
3,528,604 bushels last week, and compared with
.1.316,803 bushels In this week last year. 2,991.
693 bush»ls In the corresponding week in 1896.
2.359.110 bushels in ZBK, and 3.152.100 bushels In
1R94. Since July 1 this year the exports of
wheat aggregate 21.950.66 C bushels, against 21,
432.240 bushels last year.
Canadian trade is quiet, but the tone Is one
pf care, based primarily upon an expected
wheat yield larger than ever before In the
Dominion's history. In British Columbia a
normal trade is doing, but the salmon pack
as a whole Is disappointing and prices tend
upward. Business failures In the Dominion of
Canada number 2C, against 35 last week, 41 In
this week a year ago, 30 in 1596 and 37 in 1895.
DUN' 3 REVIEW OP TRADE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19— R. O. Dun & Co., in
their Weekly Review of Trade, will say: A
war which brought no shrinkage of values
while It lasted hae brought with Its ending a
quite remarkable expansion. Orders and pur
chases have Increased In nearly all branches,
few as yet being of such nature that they can
be attributed to the material enlargement of
trade with the lately acquired Spanish islands,
which must come a little later.
It Is odd that the Iron industry, while re
porting declines in products, shows more sur
• prising- gain in business than any other. Both
returns of output August 1 show considerable
i di-Teases from July 1. but more than the en
; tire decrease Is caused by the stoppage of two
ghen&ngo and four Mahoning furnaces under
agreement to force higher prices for Bessemer
: pig. In all other States showing change the
output increased, excepting for one furnace in
j Virginia. The demand for finished products
j expands remarkably, considering the enormous
! orders prior to July, which crowd some of the
i biggest works until December. Structural or
. ders include many bridges and the dnilnage
canal contract for 4000 tons at Chicago; plates
and bars are in stronger demand; nails have
! advanced Be and beams and angles as much
and bars 10c at Plttsburg. Tin plate Work.--,
which require 40,000 tons per month, have been
buying 160,000 tons of bars, and steel worka
there have bought 12'i,000 tons of pig. raising
i the price to |10 40. Gray forge also advanced,
and Eastern anthracite and Southern pig at
i Chicago have advanced 85c. There is a general
advance in miners' metals, copper to 12c for
lake, lead to $4 07Vi. and while tin and tin
plates are unchanged, both are stronger.
Shipments of boots and shoes in three weeks
of August are the largest ever known, though
but 1.4 per cent larger than in ls>93, being 10
per cent larger than last year and 16 per cent
larger than in 1892. In spite of the general
refusal of buyers to pay advances aafced pur
chases are continuous and keep works busy,
many having orders for a month or two ahead.
Leather hos slightly yielded In some grades,
1 with scarcely i:ny buying ahead of necessities,
and hides were a shade tower last week and
have not changed. There appears a gradual
accommodation of prices of, materials to the
i necessities of boot and shoe distributors.
I Such an adjustment Is needed in the woolen
I industry, for some mills are closing and others
are selling old stocks of wool, present orders
for dress goods not warranting present prices
for material. Vet other mills in equal number
are st.irt*ng on different lines of goods, and in
dress goods, instead of 90 per o?nt plain, a large
proportion of fancies has been taken, though a
* heavy auction sale, Just announced, may affect
' the demand.
Wheat has further declined 2c In spite of
i general holding of better grades by farmers,
which renders receipts low and visible supply
small beyond precedent. At 76 per cent now,
! Atlantic exports for the week have been 8.079,
j 3KO bushels, flour included, against 3. 7"". 2>-7 last
' year, and Pacific exports 175,400 bushels, against
384,846 bushels last year. maklriK for three
weeks 10.115,246 bushels, against 10, 453,532 bush
els last year.
Failures for the -week have been 154 In the
United States, against 223 last year, and 17 In
! Canada, against 30 last year.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE HOLIDAY.
NEW YORK. Aur. 19.— The members of the
Produce Exchange have decided to close the
exchange to-morrow.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,175 barrels: exports, 10,883. Moderately active,
but weak and lower to sell.
— Receipts, 218,300 bushels; exports,
93,955. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 7S*ic afloat to
arrive, 79% c spot to arrive. Options ruled
weak all day and closed %@l%c net lower.
Cables and statistics were bullish, but because
of an absence of outside speculation and forti
fied behind predictions of larger receipts and
a big crop the bear element successfully
pounded the market nil day. No. 2 red Au
gust, 77 7 «c; September, 69 9-16@70c, closed C9%c.
HOPS— Firmer.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Options closed eteady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 10.000 bags. Including
September, $5 60. Spot coffee — Rio, quiet; No.
7 invoice, CHc; No. 7 Jobbing. 6 ? -4c; mild, quiet;
Cordova. B@l3c.
'OAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4%c; refined, firm.
METALS— The local market showed lome Ir
regularity to-day, some ruling firm, while oth
ers were weak and lower. The close was re
port by the Metal Exchange as follows:
PIG I RON— Warrants unchanged, with $6 87Vi
bid and $7 aFked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm at $12.
TlN— Lower and weak, with JIG 05 bid and
LEAD— Firmer, with $4 07V4 bid and $4 10
asked The firm naming the settling price for
leading miners and smelters at the West quotes
SPELTER— Higher, with $4 6;.@4 76 asked.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3793 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14%@19c; Klgins, 19c; fac-
EGOS — Receipts, 3000 packages. Steady;
Western, UVio.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK, Aug. California Dried
'ev\PORATED APPLES — Common, G^Sc;
prime wire tray. 9o; choice. 9%c; fancy. 9%@
10c.
PRUNES— *©Be.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll®13c: Moorpark, 13@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7fj'9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Liverpool sent higher
quotations for Wheat, but It was supposed to
be a mere reflection of yesterday's advance
hei-e and consequently did not Influence the
trading at the start. The shorts were evidntly
less anxious than they were yesterday and ap
parently more confident that there would bi
more Wheat before the last day of September
than hulls would want for legitimate purposes.
The weather In the Northwest was of the
same favorable character for securing the fine
'crop of spring Wheat that has generally fa
vored the operation since cutting commenced.
A Liverpool cablegram reported offerings of
new crop Russian and Danubian Wheat at
about the equivalent of from 2 to 4 cents a
bushel below the present price of shipping
rarcels of No. 2 Kansas hard Wheat. Tho sta
tistics of the day's movement, however were
by no means all in favor of the bears. Ke
reipts at primary Western markets amounted
to only 593.000 bushels, compared with 842,000
bushels a year api. The clearances of Wheat
and Flour from Atlantic ports were equal to
677 000 bushels and it was calculated that the
visible would show a decrease of 1.000,000
bxishels. The close was at a loss of l'ic'ior
September on the day and \c lower for De
cember Perfect we»ther and large receipts
depressed Corn. There was a fair demand
from scalpers at the decline, but as the ses
sion advanced the general trade fell off in
volume and the market closed at the low point
for the day with a loss of \(f? 7 4c for Septem-
Oat* ruled steady on a small scalping trade
during the first half of the session, but finally
turned easy with Corn \<S%c down.
The execution of some heavy transactions In
Lard for export strengthened the whole pro
vision market. Early there was some liqui
dation and a dip in prices, but that loss was
all recovered and something more. Pork and
Lard gained 12'-t,c each and Ribs fi<tf7Vic.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— 70 ID "' : 68* eß i/
August 70 70 W* 15*
September ........... 66% €6V4, 64% 60 .
December 63«4 63% 62% 62%
May 652 63* 64% 64%
Corn No. 2— „
August 31% 31% 30% 30%
September 314 31V* Sl>l * 30%
December 31% 31% 3"% 30%
May 33% 33% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— ....
September 20 , 10% IC% 19%
May ....: 22% 22% 22V 4 22%,
Mess Pork, per bbl— , »
September ..8 96 9 12% 8 92% .9 10
October 890 9 07% 890 905
December 9 00 9 05 8 92% . 9.05
Lard, per 100 lbs— . ,
September 505 5 22% 505 5 22%
October ........5 15 5 27% 510 6 27%
December 515 5 32% 515 6 32%
- Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— „ ,
September 5 12% 5 22% 510 6 22%
October ....5 15 5 20 5 10 6 20
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 3 spring Wheat. 64<(i:70%e; No. 2 red.
70% c; No. 2 Corn, 31@31%c; No. 2 Oats, 20%@
34c; No. 2 white, 25©27 c; No. 3 white, 24@25c;
No. 2 Rye. 42%@44c: No. 2 Barley, 37@43c; No.
1 Flaxseed, S7%c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 55:
Mess Pork, per barrel, »9 05©9 10; Lard, per 100 j
pounds, $5 10Ca'5 15: Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 10
(£5 33; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4%@4?ic;
Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 55@5 70.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7.C00 6,400
Wheat, bushels 18.300 43.400
Corn, bushels 333,600 800.700
Oats, bushels 254,200 819,500 j
Rye, bushels 6,600 • 52.800
Barley, bushels 18.S0O 500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market and Eggs were unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 204.360 46.950
Duluth 14,143 46,427
Milwaukee 1.300
Chlcngo 78.300 . 43.441
Toledo .: 70,035 44,000
St. Louis 56,000 25.000
Detroit 33,633 19.441
Kansas. City 95,000 73,000
Totals 552,776 293.292 j
Tidewater-
Boston 8.700 840,242
New York 93,955 218,300
Philadelphia 32,840 3.428
Baltimore 39,672 176.000
New Orleans 26,000 |
Galveeton 53.592 "
Totals 228.759 666,970
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 10 6 4%
Closing 5 10 6 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 51 15 44 65
Closing ; 6125 44 65
Flour-
Opening 2190 20 S3
Closing 2190 20 85
/ CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company's anctton sales of
California fruit:
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— Malaga. 80c@
$1 25, average $1. Pears— Bartlett, $2 40@2 85,
average $2 80. Nectarines, $2 05@2 30, average
$2 13. Peaches— Susquehanna, $1 2O@l 40, aver
age $1 27; Late Crawford, 85c(gJl 35, average
$1 15. Plums— Kelsey, $1 35(??i CO, average $1 53;
Washington. 85c®$l, average 86c; Bradshaw,
72c; Egg, 65©90 c. Prunes— Gros, 70c@f2. average
95c; Italian, 90c@$l 10, average 97c; Hungarian,
70c@5l 45. average 92c; Columbia, 6849850. aver
age 6.'c; Silver. 65c@?l 05, average S4c; Golden
drop. 60^750, average 67c; Victoria, 74c. Weather
wet. Seventeen cars soM.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Grapes— Malaga, 70o@
II 05. average 87c. Pears— Bartlett. $1 78©2 15,
average $2 08; half boxes. 89c. Prunes— Gros,
70c@$l 25. average $1; Quackenbos, $1 65; Ger
man, $1 65; Columbia, S9c. Weather cool. Nine
cars Fold. .
MONTREAL. Aug. Pears— Bartlett, $3 10;
half boxes. $1 70: Nectarines. 65c.
. BOSTON, Aug. 19.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 P5-^l
2 10. average $2 61. Grapes— Malaga. 60c@$l.
average 77c. Prunes— 75c@$l 05. average
S3c; Hungarian. 70c'f7?l. average 84a Peaches-
Late Crawford. 80c@tl 10, average U 03; Sua
quehanna, 90c@U 05. average 98c. Plums— Egg,
60ig90c, average 69c; Bradshaw, 75c; Columbia,
77c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
* CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.-CATTLE— active
demand to-day for cattle, particularly for the
better class of stocks, raised prices. The
market ruled strong at the recent advance.
Choice steers, to 45@5 75; medium. H 2035 15;
beef steers, H 2r.<j?4 85; stockers and feeders,
13 50®5; bulls, $2 60<{i4 26; cows and heifers,
S3 60©4 45; calves. $4© 7; Western rangers, |3@
4 75; fed Western steers, $4 40® 5 56; Texans,
$3 40<g5 15.
HOGS— In hogs was active at steady
prices. Fair to choice. $3 8001 95; packers, $3 50
(S3 77M,; butchers. $3 6008 90; mixed. $3 55®
3 92H:' light. $3 50@3 90; pigs. $2 75©8 .5.
SHEEP— supply of sheep exceeded the de
mand and prices suffered a trifle in conse
quence. Western range sheep. $3 8004 40; rams,
$1 50@2 80; choice lambs. $8 25.
Receipt*- 2500; hogs, 20,000; sheep, 12,
000. OMAHA.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1500.
Market active, firm. Native beef steers, 14 30
©5 40; Western steers, $3 90®4 60: Texas steers,
$3 5004 30; cows and heifers, S3 »©4 25; stock
ers and feeders, »3 70®! 55; bulls and stags,
$2 25(93 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 4700. Market steady to
strong; heavy, $3 6G©3 75; mixed, $3 864§S 67»4;
! lights. $3 6S@3 67H; bulk of sales. $3 65§3 67V4.
SHEEP— Receipts 800. Market strong; fair to
choice natives, *3 80<g4 7. do Westerns, $3 70
j4 60; common, ?3@4; lambs, $4©6.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 5000. Mnrket steady to strong; native
steers, }2 9566 66; cows and heifers, Jl@4 75:
stockers and feeders, $3 35tft4 80; bulls, $2 75@
3 85,
Receipts 10,000. Market steady at
yesterday's close. Bulk of sales, J3(g3 75;
heavies, $3 65@3 SO: packers. $3 60<g3 80; mixed,
»3 55<?i3 75; lights, $3 40©3 65; pigs, *3@3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 30,000. Market steady;
lambs, $3 85@6; muttons. |3@4 73.
DENVER.
DENVER, Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts. 800.
Beef steers, $3 50**4 30: cows, $2 50-S3 75; feed
ers, freight paid to river. $3 75&4 25; stockers.
freight paid. $4®4 30; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50®
3 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market steady; light
packers, $3 70@3 75; mixed, $3 65(&3 70; heavy,
$3 6002 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— California fruit sold
to-day: Malaga Grapes, 80c to $1 25; Bartlett
Pears, $2 40 to $2 85; Nectarines, $2 OS to $2 30;
Susquehanna Peaches, $1 20 to *1 40: Late
Crawfords. 86c to $1 35; Kelfey Plums, $1 35 to
Jl 60: Washington. 85c to $1 45: Italians. 90c to
$1 10- Yellow Eggs, 65c. to 90c: Hungarian. ioc
to $1 46; Columbia, 65c to 85c; Silver, 65c to
$105: Golden Drop, 60c to 95c; Victoria, .4c.
CHICAGO, A"*- 19.— California fruit sold to
day: Bartlett Pears, $1 75 to $2 15: Bartlett?.
half boxes. S3c: Malaga Grapes, TOO to Jl 0-..;
Gros, 70c to SI 25: Quackenbos, $1 65; German,
$1 C 5; Columbia, 89c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON Aug. 19.-Consols, 110%: silver,
27% d; French rentes. 103f r»2Uc; wheat cargoes
of coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; English country markets.
e *LIVERPOOL Aug. 19.— Wheat dull: No. 1
standard California. 6s 6d®6s 6Hd; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING:
WHEAT— No 2 red Western winter, steady,
(a ""id' No 1 red Northern spring, steady, «s
10V1. 'Futures closed steady; September. 6s
1M; December, 5s 4V"'-
CORN— American mixwl spot new, steady. 3s
2d; August nominal: September quiet. 3s 2Hd;
October quiet. 3s lftd.
FLOT'R— St. Louis fancy winter dull. Ss 6d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK Aug. 19.— Cotton easy: mid
dling, 6%.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 19.— There is nothing
of importance dolnsr in the local wheat market,
further dullness abroad only intensifying the
apathy of the local market. Quotations are
unchanged. WASHINGTON .
TACOMA Aug. 19 —There is not enough do-
Ine In wheat to establish export quotations.
Quotations are nominally 57c for club and 61c
for blue stem.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 19.— Exchanges, $218,
321; balances, »4fU2l.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84*
Sterling Exchange, 60 days . — , 4 56%
Sterling Cables ....:.......; '. — * 87
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York Exchange, sight ......... — , lo
Fine Silver, per ounce — ■ EH 1 **
Mexican Dollars ...■■... -•■•• « 46*4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— The Euphrates takes for Cork 55,
082 ctls, valued at $68,164/
The 4 market keeps : up ' Its steady ; shrinkage.
both here and In the East, though ; the French
j market was firmer yesterday. The shippers j
I still hold aloof from this market, and buoinesi
Is flat in consequence. : -" "i,\i_-
Spot Wheat-Shipping, '$1 17%@1 20; millint.
$1 25@1 32%. • • - -
CALL. BOARD SALES.
! Informal Session— 9:ls December— l 6
,-! 000 ctls, n 20: 18,000, $1 19%; 22 000, $1 19%.
! Second December— l2,ooo ctle. fl i»/».
I 8000. $1 IS\; 28,000, $1 19. , ' ■ .
Regular Morning Session— December— cii».
$1 19: 2000. $1 18%; 58,000, $1 18%. „ .-»,.
: Afternoon Session— Booo ctlß, *1 107s.
! 56,000, Jl 18%; 34,000, $1 18V». 4 . . . th .
BARLEY— Another decline Is noted and tne
i market; Is dull. , , .
Feed, $1 15@1 16%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 14. JL  M .,
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, ♦I* 3 '«:
Regular morning December— euw cub,
$1 13%; 6000, $1 13%. . . .
Afternoon session — December — 4000 ctis.
■$1 12%; 2000. $1 WA: 2000, $1 12%. ' * .„,,
OATS— market is weak and very dull
and sellers give concessions to effect saiej.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; good to choice . *1 20 \
&l 22%; common. $1 15@1 17%; Surprise, *\f<g
132%; Gray, $1 IT%@l 22%; milling, $1 22%®
1 25 per ctl. . . __ A
CORN-Lower prices are again quoted and
the market Is dull at the decline. Small round
yellow, $1 25@1 27%; Eastern large yellow,
sacked. II 05©l 07%; white, |1 05@l 07%: mixed,
I RYE— still lower and weak, with no buy
ers. Quoted at |1 15@1 17% per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— II 75®1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 40@4 50: bakers*
extras, |4 15& 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100;
Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 2 ; Oat Groats.
$4 GO; Hominy.- $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat Flour, $4
04 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75 ; Farina, $4 50.
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley). Jo Ss@6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Bariey. $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peaa. »4 50
per 100 lbs. ■ :
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Straw and Rolled Barley are lower.
Of the 919 tons of Hay that came In yester
day over 500 tons was for account of consumers
and was not offered on the market. The feel
ing was steady. The demand for extra choice
wheat Is getting urgent and it would not be
surprising If this description advanced before
long.
BRAN— 60@16per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18®20 per ton. ..._„
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. |24®25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@'31 50: Job
bin*?. $32*97.2 50; Cocoanot Cake. $24^25: Cotton
seed Meal. J2B!ji3o per ton; Cornmeal. J23@23 50;
''^ALIFORNirfAY-Wheat, J17@17 50 for
good and $14(&16 for lower grades; no choice
coming In: Wheat and Oat. $14 50® 16 50; Oat.
$13 50&1S; Barley. i Island Barley. J12@13;
Alfalfa. $12@13 50; Stock. $11012 50; Clover.
nominal. HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
OUTSIDE HAY— < From Oregon, Ltah. etc.)—
Wheat. J13@14 50; Oat. $1 2^)13 50 ; Cheat $U^
13; Timothy. $11 60@13 50; Alfalfa, Jll@ll oO
per ton.
STRAW— 4O 65c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
•
The downward tendency In Beans continues
and several sorts of colored and white are
lower again. The demand Is poor at the mo
ment.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 65@2 70; Small Whites.
$2: Large Whites, $1 7501 90: Pinks. $2 2o
(91 30; Reds, $2 60® 2 75: Blackeye, $3 15@3 25:
Butters nominal: Limns. $3-93 15; Pea, $1 75®
1 90: Red Kidneys, $2 50«2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4-!?4 25: Flax, nominal, |2@
I 10- Canary Seed. 2Vi@2»ic per lb: Alfalfa, from
Utah, 5Hc; Rape, 2"4<g2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Tim
othy, s@sUc
DRIED PEAS— %l 75®1 90; Green. %2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Another decline In Tomatoes Is noted. Com
i Is coming In dry as far as sacks are concerned,
though the bay product Is pretty good. The
j other Vegetables are their usual free supply.
There Is no change in Potatoes and Onions.
New Marrowfat Squash is on the market at
! $15 per ton.
POTATOES — 45£"60 cln sacks for Early Rose
; and 50@R5c In sacks and " ?$1 in boxes
! for Burbanks: Salinas Burb^nks. 85c@$l 15;
; Sweet Potatoes, 2ft 2Hc per lb.
ONIONS— SO® 7Oc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions. 75(g90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3c: String
Beans. 2(5 3c per lb; Lima Beans. 2V*lT3c: Bay
Squash, 55030e; Green Peppers, 35<g60c for
Chile and BS4MOC for Bell; Cabbage, 50c per
ctl; Carrots. 30'Jfr.Oc per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
25(ff30c; Pickles, 75c for No. 1 and 40<350c per
1 box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 2.".-fi6')c; Green
! Corn, 40<g75c per sack for Vacaville, $I®l 25
i per crate for Alameda, 50#750 for Berkeley;
1 Garlic. 2t?2 v -ic per lb: Green Okra, 60@65c; Egg
i Plant, 35'SfiOc per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes.
j sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
•■ desslcated, 16®lSc; granulated. raw. 13c;
| Onions, 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
, bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 250;
Siring Beans, 30c; Tomutoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
; Turkeys are still weaker under free arrivals.
Young stock In selling rather better.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14-SI6C for Gob
blers and 13014 C for Hens; Geese, per pair, l\trp
1 25; Goslings. $1 2501 50; Ducks, $2 50<&3 for old
and $2 50<?74 for young; Hens, $4@5; Roosters,
young, 1506; Roosters, old. $4@l 50; Fryers,
| $4 50; Broilers. $3 50#4 for large. $2 50®3 50 for
' small; Pigeons. $1 50<gl 75 per dozen for young
, and tWI 25 for old.
i GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Quotations for all descriptions remain sta
tionary. There is no scarcity In anything.
BUTTER—
Creamer)' — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; »eo
ond». 21© 22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@22c; common
grides, 16(§19c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 14@15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9H®loc; old, 8@
9c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
' 10@llc; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 21@25c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@17Vic; Eastern, 14@170 for ordinary
and lS@2oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cantaloupes are doing somewhat better again.
Grapes are about the same.
Green Pears are firm at the quotations, but
ripe stock is almost unsalable. Choice Peaches
are selling well, but common 'lots go begging.
There are fewer Plums on the market, but It
does not seem to make any difference In the
price.
Lemons and Limes continue firm at the high
prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3@5 per chest for large, and
for small.
Figs. 50(&75c for white and 75c@Jl 25 for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $I@l 50 per crate; Nutmegs, 60c@
$1 per box: watermelons, $20@30 per 100 for
large and $5@15 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 6@7c per Ib.
Red Nectarines, 40665 c; White Nectarines,
35igT.Oc per box and $10 per ton.
White Grapes, 25«J60c per box; Black Grapes
30<g60c; Muscats, 60@75c. Crates sell about 10c
higher than boxes; Isabellas, $1 25@1 50 per
crate.
- Blackberries, J2<fF3 50 per cheat.
. Plums, 26®50c per crate and 25@50c per box;
in bulk, $s@lo per ton.
Peaches, 50©J0c per box for good to choice
and 25(g 1 40 c for poor stock.
Crabapples, 25<ff40c per box. ;
Raspberries, $r>@7 per chest.
Apples, 35ii60c for common, and 75c@Jl per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett Pears, 76c<5?$l per box and $25@35 per
ton for No. 1 and 25:5 f.Oc per box and JKKg^O
per ton for ripe and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $I@l 25 for St.
Michaels. $1 for Mediterranean Sweets, and
26@75c for Seedlings; Lemons, $2 50@3 50 for
common and $4*&5 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $9 50@10; Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 - per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
| Apricots are higher again, but It does not
make much difference, as there are very few
in the State. Peaches and Pears continue
firm. New Apples have not opened yet.
Prunes are a puzzle. Everybody seems to be
afraid to touch them and no two persons have
the same idea as to the size of the crop.
Sales of the new crop are away below what
-they were at -this time last year. This Is a
good thing, for it rather tends to make a
firm and active market later on. The large
holders are generally refusing to . name a
price, and. th? re the matter stands. Free sales
might possibly be made at shading from
our quotations, but this holders refuse to do.
DRIED FRUIT— Prunes, 3Vi®4c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots. - r/<i:.'. 4 c for
40-50's. 4\«.iQsc for 50-Co's, 3%@4c for 60-70' s, 3ViO
3 Vic for 70-SO's, 2%@3c for SO-90 s. 2@2V40 for
SO-lOCs; new Peaches. 7@Bc; old Peaches, u%'s
6V*c; peeled, nominal; new Apricots, . st©
lie . for Royals . and 16@17»4c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6\4 <g> 7c; sun
dried. 3$ 4c; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2Vic;
Plums, 4i&4V4c- for pitted and l@H4c for un
pitted; bleached Plums. sc; Nectarines. 3@4'/4c
for prime to ■ fancy; Pears, 3@sc for quarter!
and 3®5%c for halves, according to color, etc.;
new Pears, 6®7c for quarters and B©3c for
halves. . .
RAISINS— 2@2Uc for two-crown. 2%@2%e for
three-crown, 3igf3'-2C for four-crown, 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2»4@3c for : Seedless Mus
catels and Jl£l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c. . , ,
Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell. 6®70 for
! softshell, SV4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
5V4c for Eastern and.4Hc for California; Pe
cans. 6V4®Sc; Filberts. > 9^@loc; Brazil Nuts,
B®9c per It); Cocoanuts, $4 Bo@s per 100. '
HONEY— Comb, 9<ffloc for bright and 6®70
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5V4<jJ
6«: light amber extracted. 4%@sVic per tt>.
" BEESWAX— 24@26c per It). . . •
} PROVISIONa
. CUBED MEATS — Bacon, BHc per Ib for
heavy. 9c for llrrht medium, lOHc for light,. lie
| for extra light and 12% @13c tor sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc: Califor
nia Hams. 9U,£loc: Mess Beef. * lO £ lO V V
bbl: extra Mesa Beef ,, $11@11 50: Family Beef.
$12012 BO: extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear
$IS@IS .'0; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2o
Pe Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per rb
for compound and 7*ic for pure: •, palls, sc,
California tierces, 5c per It for compound and
7c for pure: half barrels, 7%c; 10-tt> tins, sc,
6 ~COTTOLENE - Tierces. 6%©6% c: packages
less than SOO ibs-l-U, pails. 60 in a case 9Hc
3-lb palls. 20 in a case. S%c: 5-IT> P* l ' 3 - 12 » n *
case. re. « palls. 6 in a case. B%c: 00-TO
lbs net, B%c: a case. 7%c:^den buckets 20
lbs net. 8»4c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c, hall
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per Id.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10c: medium, 9c; light. BHc; Cow
hides" 9c: Stags. 6V6c: salted Kip. B%c; Calf.
«c- dry Hides? found. 15d: culls and brands.
?2c- drY Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
fsoat"kins 27 J ,4@3Cc: medium. 30c; winter. 10c;
SheePFklne, ehearllngs. 15@25c each; short
woo! P S(.@4Oc each: medium Go@Soc: long wool,
W-6i'tl 10 each: Horsehldes, salt. $2 25 for
l^rfe an"l $1«1 75 for small; Colts. 50c; Horse
hides. dry? fl 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for
B T"IL C OW-N°o C ' 1 rendered. 3%c per lb; No. 2.
!>vV- refined 4-y.Wi'*: Grease. 2c.
WOOT-Fall clip. Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern. >©Be Spring clip— Southern
Mountain 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquln and
CtoSthenL 7 months'. S@loc: Foothill and
Vorthern' fre«\ 12514 c: Foothill and Northern.
iwective 10©12 c; Middle County. 13@16c; Hum
bold tondMendoclno. H@l6c; Nevada. 10©Me;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c: Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS-1897 crop, 9©l2^c per lb.
GENEHAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%c; Wool
Bags 2S@2Bc; San Quentin Bags. $4 85; Fruit
Bags, Be, 5%c and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7@Bc for brown.
COAL. — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Southfleld Wellington $7 50; Seat
tle J6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend.
$750- Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $11 £0 in
Racks- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. Jl4; Can
nel. $10 per ton: Hock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
SE RICE-Chlna mixed. $4 30^4 35; China No. 1.
$4 90 <§> 5 20: extra do, $3 30 @ 5 60: Hawaiian.
$6: Japan. $5 So(^6 40; Louisiana. $3 6006 60.
LINSEKD OIL— higher at 42c for raw and
44c per gallon for boiled in barrels; cases, 3c
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- i
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed ,
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, o%c: Confec
tioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia A. 6V4c: Extra C,
6%c; Golden C, 5%e; California A o%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
»4c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Arrivals of all kinds about balance the de
mand, and prices are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF — First quality, 6>-£c; second quality,
Ey.ft.Cc; third quality, 4V4«55^c.
VEAL— Large, 406 c; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6Q6Hc; Ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7@7V,c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%ic for large, 4c for me
dium and 3%(aVic for small; stock Hogs, 2@
3c; dressed Hogs, 8340<!4&
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
Friday, August 19.
Flour qr sks ... 2,700 Lumber, ft 10.000
Wheat, ctls 490 Wine, gals 69,030
Barley, ctla 2,430 Leather, rolls ... 276
Oats, ctls 720 Hay. tons 9W
Cheese, ctls 4j Straw, tons 3S
Butter, ctls 262! Wool, bales 34
Beans, sks 12"; Quicksilver, flsk. 68
j Potatoes, sks ... 8.337 '■ Hides, no 73G
Onions, sks 476 1 Chicory, bbls S6
Bran, sks 30Su^ar, bbls I.o^o
Middlings, sks  IH-Eggs, doz 10,800
Pelts, bdls 2S^i
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks" ... 2,141 Oats, ctls 1,300
Wheat, ctls " !>2s '
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show no change this
week.
The Fruit and Vegetable markets continue
well supplied with the seasonable varieties,
though the abundance of last week no longer
exists. From now on the favorite fruits, such
a.s Peaches and Pears, will decrease. Grapes
are in better assortment and Melons are
plentiful.
Following Is The CalTs regular weekly retail
price list:
1 Coal, per ton —
I "annel t ©12 00 | Castle Gate. 60®
Wellington . @10 00 iSouthfield
! New Welling- 1 Wellington ® 9 50
ton ©10 OOlCoos 8ay..... & 7 00
Seattle ...... S CO® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per l-ommon Eggs.... — @20
square 45@50 i Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 40<g>45 doz 25-930
Do, good — @37, ! Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Ca1.. .:....— €12 lb 12®15
Cheese, Eastern.. Do, extracted... B©lo
Cheese, Swiss 20@25
Meats, per —
Bacon 12«?lT!Pork, fresh — <g!2
Beef, choice — ©UJPorfc, salt 10©12
i Do, good 8010 Pork, chops — @12
Corned Beef — # S Round Steak 10r —
Ham, Cal 12Vfal"> Sirloin Steak....
Do, Eastern —'§'15 Porterhouse. d0...17(?J20
Lard 12@15 Smoked Beef 12Cg.lj
Mutton — @10|Pork Sausages — ©20
Spring Lamb 12'& — i Veal .' 10©15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50® 65 Turkeys, pr lb 18@ 22
Young Roost- Ducks, each... 40© 60
ers, each 60® 75 Geese, each 1 00@l 25
Old Roosters. Pigeons, l.air.. 25® 50
each 40® 50 Rabbits, pair.. @ 40
Fryers, each.. EOS 60 Hare, each.... & 20
Broilers, each. SO® 40 !
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 10@12 Nutmeg Melons,
Apples, lb 4© 6 each S@lo
Blackberries, per Oranges, doz \2iCZti
drawer £o(s3o' Pears, per lb I® 5
Bananas, doz 15(!j 2u Peaches, per 1b... 4(g> *>
Cantaloupes. eachlO@lslPlums, lb 4@ 5
Figs, per lb 10® 15 i Raspberries, per
Grapes, per 1b.... 4@ 8 drawer .30@40
Huckleberries. Raisins, lb 5&10
por lb — ©M Strawberries, per
Lemons, d0z.......20®35 drawer 25@35
Limes, doz — @lc Walnuts, lb 12'(i 15
Nectarines, pr lb. 4@ 6 Watermelons, echlsiii'3o
Vegetables —
Asparagus, lb 6@lo Lettuce, doz 15@25
Artichokes, d0z...20@30 3reen Okra, lb 6@ 8
Beets, doz 12@15 Onions, lb. 4@ 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4® 6 Peppers.' green.... i@ 6
Colored, lb 4@ 5 Potatoes, !b 2® 3
Lima, lb 5@ 6 Do, sweet 4(§> 5
Cabbage, each s@lo Parsnips, doz 15<g20
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Radishes, dz bchs.lo^l2
Celery, bunch s@— Sage, doz bch5...25@35
>ess. doz bnchs..2o@2s String Beans, lb.. s@—
Tuoumhers, doz. ..loSMsl Summer ■ Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb. 40 6! per lb 4@ 5
3reen Corn. doz... Thyme, lb 20@30
Green Peas, 1b..., 4® 6 rurnlps. doz l&(}?20
Lentils, Id 6® 8 I Tomatoes, 1b...... 4@ 6
Fish, per lb—
Barracuda ?hrimps 8(!?10
Carp 6® C i Shad 8© 10
Codfish Sold sea Bass — ©10
Flounders hip 6 Smelts 10^12
Herring ( i|'— Soles B@lo
Halibut S®lo skates, each s®lo
Kingflsh B@lo Tomcod 10®
Mackerel —&—& — 21ams, gal @50
Do. horse.... SiQ— Do, hardshell. 100.40@50
Perch lOi??— >abs, each .10@15
Pompano 50@75 Do softshell. d0z. 25<j135
Rockflsh — ©10 ! Mussels, qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o4l' — Oysters, Cal, .40® —
Salmon, fresh S@lo Do, Eastern, d0z..25@40
INDUSTRIAL GROWTH OF RUSSIA.
In 1870 thft population of Russia in Eu
rope wa? 65,700,?i59, or about 35 souls to the
square mile of territory. If Poland and j
Finland bo included, the total population '
will be increased to 73,."J04.r,92, but the dens
ity of population will not be changed, as
the dense settlement of Poland Is neutral-
Ixed by the sparse population of Finland.
In IM<7 the total population had increased j
to 10fi.lnft.141, of which 94488,750 were as-
Blgned to Russia In Europe, and thn dens
ity of the population had risen to 51 to the
.square mile. The returns of Russia in
Asia are naturally imperfect, but the cen- i
bus of 1597 Rave 23.052,000 souls, and the !
density of population about 4 to the
square mile. For the whole empire the !
density Is IS to the square mile.
This low iipure is due to Siberia, where ;
only 1.2 mark the population to the square •
mile, and to Central Apia, which gave
only 5.6 to the same territory. Poland is
the most densely settled (102 to tho square
mile), and Caucasia does not greatly differ
from the average for European Russia
<W.S to the square mile"*. If these figures !
(><• compared with the returrts of the i
United States census it will he seen that I
European Russia has more than twice the |
density of population of the United States
(21.3); that Poland Is as thickly settled as i
N"w Jersey (193.8). and that New Mexico
equals Siberia in sparseness of inhabit
ants—Popular Science Monthly.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Aurust, lttS.
» ■ i . . . i
Mo
Tu.
I
We
3
6
Moon** Ph*s«t.
1»
IT
10
n
17
4
11
1-
i:
©Fall Moot.
August 1.
-a- Last Quarter.
vIL Augusts.
.j^ New Moon.
\i) Angunt IT.
m Viral Quarter.
9 ' August 24 ■
Kill i X con.
Ausußt 81.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchant*' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangf-rs to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferrr
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 12oth mrridlan. by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or Riving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In char»«.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 20.
Sun rises 5:30
Sun sets 6:;>3
Moon sets 8:08 p. in.
Feet.
jFeet.
|H W
) 0:46
I 1:34
! 2:32
! 3:44
i 5:17
> 6:55
L, w
i 0:42
4.9
4.7
4.4
j 3.9
I 3.6
3.6
6:50
7:27
8:04
8:47
9:39
10:47
II W
1 8:18
1.0
1.3
1.8
2.3
2.S
3.1
1:17
1:46
2:21
3:07
3:s<*
5:02
I, W
12:07
6.3
5.4
D.i
8.1
6.4
£ »:i«
3 10:20
I 11:31
1.3
0.9
0.7
0.5
0.2
3.8|
6.5
3.2
5|
jH W
: 6:14
I — 0-11
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Ths
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives tho
last tide of the day, except when there axe but
three tides, as sometime* occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
T'n!t»d States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco. August
t», 1888.
The time ball was not dropped August 19,
IS9B, on account of signals not coming through.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Enpign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE. •
Steamer.
Glenfar* (China and Japan j
Columbia.. IPortland I.
Queen [Victoria & Puget Sound'-
Santa Rosa ...'Pan Diego L
Grace Dollar... St. Michael
Orizaba Humboldt
Mackinaw Taooma
South Coast Seattle .7. 7
Bristol Departure Bay
North Fork Humboldt j.
Xavarro S attle I
Coos Bay Newport
Belglc China and Japan
Arcata [Cooa Hay
Moana (Sydney
Hueneme Portland
Mineola [Tacoma
State ( 'alif ornia Portland
Pomona San Diego
Walla Wa11a...! Victoria & Puget Soundl
Signal Gray's Harbor
Crescent City... '>■- ent City
Chilkat Humboldt I
Wellington -Departure Bay
Wlllamet te : Sea t tie
City of Peking 'Manila
Charles Nelson. ! Honolulu
Homer | Newport
Aug. 20
Aug. 29
I Aug. 20
Auk. 21
Aug. 21
Aug. 22
Aug. 32
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 24
Aug. 24
Aug. 24
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
i Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
' Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 26
Aug. 26
Aug. 27
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. Pier.
Homer Newport JAug.2l. 9 am Pier 11
Chilkat Humboldt .... Aug. 21, 9am Pier 13
Columbia ..Portland 'Aug. 23, 10 am; Pier 12
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 23, 11 am: Pier U
Glenfarg .. China& Japan Aug. 23, IpmiPMSS
Queen 'Vie & Pgt Sd. j Auk. 24, 10 am.Pler 9
Orizaba iHumboldt I Aug. 24, 10 am \ Pier 9
Coos lay... Newport !Aug.2.>, 9 amPler 11
Arcata Cnos Bay !Aug. 2.. l)am;Pierl3
Hueneme ... Portland lAug. 26 |
Pomona San Diego ! Aug. 27, 11 am Pier 11
State of Cal, Portland Aug. 28, 10 am.Pier 12
Steamer.
Destination.
SHUi'I.M. lATELWGKSCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August IS.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, 87 hours from Na
nalmo.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Empire, ' Nelson, 50 hours from Coos
Bay. •<-■ r
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Shea, 14 hours from Moss
Landing.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman, 6V4 days
from Departure Bay.
Ital bark Gulseppe, Sciaccaluga, 62 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Bark Vldette, Dodd, 7 days from Olyxnpia. Up
river direct.
Schr Corinthian, Korth 48 hours from Cres
cent City.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 3 days from Rogua
River.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlln, 16 hours from Iv
ersens Landing:.
Schr Una, Harklns, 75 days from Montljo
Bay, Panama. * ':',
- ;.; :•.:■ CLEARED.
Friday, August 19.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. -■••.;:,.■
Schr Reub L Richardson, Murphy, Resurreo
tlon Bay (Alaska); Commonwealth Mining Co.
SAILED.
Friday. August J».
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and . Port
Townsend.
Stmr Pomona, Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Eureka.
Br ship Samaritan, Dexter, Iqutqu*.
Bark Germanla, Pearson, Seattle. -v
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, Eureka.
Schr C T Hill, Rudbach. »
Schr J G "Wall, Bjornstrom.. Eureka.
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Eureka. "-, -- --
Schr Seven Sisters. Rasmussen.
Schr Bella, Smith, Usal.
Schr Albion, Goodmanson. *•
Schr Lila and Mattie, Fosen, Coo» Bay.
Schr Amethyst, Johannsen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 19—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, SW; velocity 20 miles,
CHARTERS.
The Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu; Roder
ick Dhu, mdse for Hllo.
The Mary Winkelraan loads Redwood at Eu
reka, for Sydney.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Una— Auk 11 In lat.SS 8S N. long
133 36 W, schr Defiance, hence Aug 8, for
Tug S^OfTthe lightship by pilot boat Amer
ica—Ship Glory of the Seas, from Comox. for
Sa A n uf^Lk StC°4lS t C °4l 50 N. long 153 W - g -h. HJj.
land, from Newcastle, NSW. for San Fran-
Cl Aur 7-Lat 42 N. long 151 W, Br ship showing
letterVHN L I. fom Newcastle, for Saa
ranc sco. DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDOXDO-Arrived Aug 19— Sch La Glronde,
from Grays Harbor, and not schr John F MIL
le SA a N b DIEG(>- P °rrKed Aug 19-Schr Azalea.
fl s2!lert o Auf l f^Br'»hlp Holt Hill for Iqulqu*.
GREENWOOD-Sailed Aug 19-Stmr Whites-
b FORT r B S RAG FF G rm i nn ss CC a 1 ii S ll C ed Aug 19-Stmr Sequoia
f< BO^N? I LAWbmd-Air!wd Aug 19-Schr
M TACOMA— SaJHed Aug 19— Schr Fanny Dutard
for Santa Barbara, Aug 19— Stmr Signal, fm
ill njl'TAM— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Signal, fm
' »UTH BKN'D— Aug 19— Bark • Aure
ola hence Aug 2. -
° PORT GAMBLE— Aug 19— Schr Ethel
Zane from San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr
Coqullle River, from San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
° REDONDO— Arrived Aug 19— Schr John P
Xi "PON DO— Arrived Aug 19— Schr John F
Miller, from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 19— Bark Theobald,
hence July 16.
Sailed Auk 19— Stmrs South Coast and Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Alice
Blancbard, from Cllpperton Islands.
EUREKA— Aug 19— Stm Orizaba, hna
Auk IS: schr Mable Gray, hence Aug 12.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug l»-8elM
Ethel Zane, from San Pedro; schr Maweema,
hence July 28.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Aug IS— Schr John A.
Campbell, for Port Blakeley. .
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 19— Bark Edward
May, from Seattle, for San Francisco. ' '
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 18— Ship J B
Brown, for Nanalmo anil Honolulu. _ .
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr North Fork
hence Auk 17. ■ ,
FORT BRAGG— Aug IS— Stm Sequoia,
hence Aug 17. ,
HOQUIAM— SaiIed Aug 19-Schr Pioneer, for
Kalhua. 1, .
REDONDO— SaiIed Aug 19— Stmr Newsboy,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
WELLINGTON— SaiIed Aug 18— Br stmr Ml
owera,: for Vancouver. ' .. _
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Aug 19—
ship Tamar. from Vancouver.
QUEEXSTOWN— Returned Aug 19— Br ship
SprlnKhurn. „ ••=., Li_'.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug IT— Br ship Whlt
lleburn. from Tacoma. „ _
BAST LONDON— Arrived Aug 15— ship
Agnes Oswald, from Tacoma.
HAMBURG— Aug IS— Ger. ship D H Watjen,
from Seattle, previously reported in collision,
had several plates torn off.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MANSLAYERS
FEAR NOTHING
IN ALAMEDA
Three Brutal Crimes
in Three Weeks.
MURDERERS COMPLAISANT
ABSOLUTELY NO FEAR OF THE
DREAD PENALTY.
.■. ■ #
The Record of the Past Few Months
Shows That Not a Single
Assassin's Crime Was Pos
eioly Justified.
■ 1. Juno 4, Deputy Constable
Dennis Cronin was murdered by
• Jimmy Bryan, a racetrack dope
ftejid. at Emeryville. Bryan was
sentenced to ten years.
. 2. August 9. Charles Vivian
L<adue was shot by Clara Fallmer
in Alatrieda. The murderess was
..discharged by a jury.
• 3. November 2S.lS97— Antone Silva
W.aja beaten to death at Pleasanton
by.Eulalio Gonzales, while walking
•with his sweetheart. Gonzales was
sentenced to twenty years' im
prisonment.
■ 4. December 20. 1897— Patrick Mur
phy was murdered in his own gar
den 'at Temescal, at night, by Fer
dinand Uhl. As Uhl had once been
insane he was sent back to the asy
lum.
. 5. January 11; 1898— M. Yaguchi
was -killed by knives in the hands of
C. Nichta and Motokich Shara at
■Tesla. The slayers were dis
•charged.
■ 6. January 13, IS9S— Joseph H.
Raeside, a Mason, who was known
to " ' have had some money, was
found dead on the railroad track
. at Mcl rose. As It was believed he
had been murdered and placed on
"the track later, the Coroner's jury
returned an open verdict. Nothing:
more was done in this case.
7. February 17, IS9S — Tama
Fowooka was shot and killed by
. Shir.ziro Matumoto, who afterward
died of self-inflicted wounds.
S. February 23. IS9S— Ethel Gray
was murdered in her home in East
Oakland by Harry Williams, who
afterward committed suicide.
9. March 17. 1898— Moffett
was murdered by her husband,
.James" H. Moffett, in their home
on San Pablo avenue. The murder
er was sentenced for twenty-four
years.
.10. March 27, IS9S— Charles E.
Gates, a crippled man, was cruelly
'beaten to death in his tamale par
lor.by Joaquin Eslabe, for $6 SO.
Esiabe got a life sentence.
•'.ll. March 29, IS9S— ETdgar E. Hal
"•sey -was murdered through jealousy
'.over a. woman by Stacey Rogers,
'.'Rogers was given ten years.
. ;12: May 22. ISPS— Hugh W. Wil- •
-■■li.£Lnis was murdered by Mrs. Abbie
: ;.H.- .Gregory in her- home while her ■
.'ex-husba;;d was present. Both -
w.ere charged with murder and dis- -
.charged. i
•: ' 13. June 17, IS9B— Chung Shin was -<
■•.r'Jub'bed to death at Ploasanton -i
'with' an ax by Chun? Tee. The -4
•ir>i>j<lerer is (ting trial. -i
>-- •■!+. -July 19. IJ?S— Ham Shi San was -»
•mifrderod by Quong Chung at Mcl- ■♦
rose', and later blew up a powder 4
.magazine, killing himself and r.iur- 4
der.lng five others. 4
'-.':■■ IS: August 8, 1898— Henry J. 4
Brooke was murdered in his own 4
doorway by Frank Cheeseman who 4
also ■■•••■■ Ito murder his wife 4
and laughter. Cheeseman Is ■♦
awaiting- trial. .i
16. August 15, 1898- James Mea- 4
dors, a soldier, murden I Jonas 4
T*i.y. another soldier, at Camp Bar- 4
ret.t^ Meadors is awaiting trial. ■♦
.17;. August IS. 1898— Nathan Hoi- •♦
lenbeck was murdered by Quong 4
Mow for stealing three ears of corn 4
at Temescal. Mow awaits his ex- -♦
examination.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
The killing of Deputy Poundman Na
than Hollenbeck by a Chinese for steal
ing three ears of corn has
Ject at the vaJue of life in
County to be very earnestly (j.
day. The record printed above, covering
!-. period of tittle more than a year,
more forcibly than any other argument
•' ••■ that the /ate of a murderer In ALameda
County is not such as to cause a .
■ ate man much concern.
.: For thirty years capital punishment
■with but remarkably few exceptions, has
'been unknown in this county. p,ut it has
■ been reserved for the last year to break
• • all records in this direction. In seme in
"... stances even the Judges, in passing sen
;ten.ce, have declared that they could not
.'■ understand the leniency shown toward
■ murderer* by juries, and the cases of
Clara • Fallmer, Jimmy Bryan, .
""Rogers, James Moffett and Eulall
zaljßS. aro the most glaring of these mis
carriages of justice. The cause of th>;
■ : Vo.nderful lU'k attending murderers is
": s-'./mr times attributed to a general disin
.■•cjination in the county to hang-ing, no
■/mutter how base the crime. During the
past few weeks it would almost appear
•as (hough the result of such leniency
■ were having- its inevitable effect.
When Stacey Rogers was confined in
■ the City Prison on the evening of mur
dering' his late companion, Halsey, he
calmly told the reporters that he had
-nothing to fear, as he could put up a
. pnod theory of self-defens".
Joseph Moffett when arrested was quite
indifferent as to his fate, and calmly said
that he did not fear the consequences, as
1 ■■ believed his wife intended to attack
: him first.
• Jimmy Bryan, while in the County .T.-, 1 ]
i awsUting Trial, acted as though the affair
wi:s the joke of his life.
• .Quong Mow, the Chinese gardener who
. committed murder just before midnight,
talked to everybody at the City Prison
patly this morninp, as though murdering
:.a man for stealing three ears of corn were
.'.the most natural thing imaginable.
James M< adors, who murdered his tent
. mate at Camp Barrett three days ago,
calmly stated the day after the "murder
.that the affair was nothing to him; he
had killed one man and had been ac
.-■ quitted", as he said, "by twelve honorable
Jurors." He coolly stated that under the
'earae- circumstances he would repeat the
-' 'amp Barrett performance.
. In all this long black list there has been
.but- one variation. Benjamin Hill, who
murdered his wife two years ago, on the
. night of his arrest asked for a novel at
the City Prison, and before his victim's
. body was cold he told a reporter not to
.bother l:im by asking about the- murder,
a^ he was greatly Interested In his book
.which was "Mary, Queen of Scots"
•' I-'f. William S. Porter and Dr S H
Butoatr hold an autopsy this afternoon
on the- body of Nathan Hollenbeck who
■was shoi and killed by Quong Mow in
'•the letter's cornfield la^t night. At the
.inquest held tuis evening they testified
..that the 4r-caliber bullet had entered at
ikhout the junction of the second rib and
breastbone, rupturing the aorta ond ln
'.:.luring tho spinal cord. The bullei made
;.ita exit about three vertebrae lower than
■ ! where it entered. There were no powder
- marks.
Tlte widow of the dead man, Mrs An
■ n\n Hollenbeck, testified that she had
'-.last seen her husband about 9 o'clock
last night; that he and her father, Frank
•■'Hiycrs. afterward went for a drive
promising to return soon. She said that
•Frank had never brought corn home at
nriy time.
Captain Frank Carson, Detective Den
ny...Holland and Officer Charles Lay ton
•" testified to the circumstances of the ar
• rest. ..the recovery of the revolver at the
• Chinese cabin, with five exploded cart
ridges and one loaded. Te Detective
. Holland Mow had stated that only a few I
ev.eninga ago he had exchanged shots j
with a corn thief. The officers had
found several small piles of corn in the
rows near the body.
Frank Rivera of 714 San Pablo avenue
testified that he and his son-in-law had
gone for a drive last evening, that they
stopped at several saloons and had
drinks, and that Hollenbeck had noted
orn field, and jumped out of the
carriage, while he (Rivers) drove along
slowly. He soon heard several shots, and
then beard Frank Hollonbeck cry out
"My God! I ;irn shot!" Looking- around
he saw Frank stagger and fall dead in
the roadway.
The jury returned a verdict of "death
caused by a punshot wound in the
by the hand of Quong
y"..w." but did not charge the Chinese
with murder. The hitter is at the City
Prison booked for murder and will prob
,■ •orn. ally charged to-morrow.
T 11.1 1. Riordan of San Francisco has
: , tamed as his attorney.
MRS. JOHN CRELLIN DEAD.
An Estimable and Well Known
Woman Passes Away.
OAK LAN I. Aug. 19.— Mra. Delina Crel
lin, widow of the late John Crellin, died
at her home, 1061 <>ak street, this morn
ing. She was a lady of wide acquaint-
I temperament and charitable
heart, whose demise will be deeply re
gretted. Her death was painless and
peaceful. Deceased was a native of
Maine agod 50 years. She was the mother
of Mrs. Elvira Cartwright, London, Eng
land- Mrs. Ella B. llolman. Portland. Or
egon; T. A. Crellin of this city; C. L.
Crellin of Kuby Hill Vineyard, Pleasan
ton. in this county; E. W. Crellin and
Mrs. Anita B. Castleman. Paris. France.
The funeral wiil take place next Sunday.
Mrs Crellin had made her home here
since 1875. It was here most "f her chil
dren were married. When the final sum
mons came nearly all the members or the
family were at hi-r bedside.
A Costly Dog Bite.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— Little Elena
Hemphill to-day won her suit against
Groceryman J. D. Miller for the recovery
of $299 "damages on account of being bit
ten by Miller's dog. Judge wood,
however, refused to allow the
physician's fees of $10, which he holds
the father. W. A. Hemphill. in whose
name as guardian, the suit was brought,
should si!.- for in his own name.
The parties to the suit are South Berke
levins and it was claimed that iUena
was walking by Miller's grocery when
th( . iatter's dog, which was chewing a
bone, sprang upon the girl and bit her
on the upper lip. The defense was that
the girl had stumbled over the dog, and
in fulling on the sidewalk had cut her
in iauing^ Woolsey held this theory.
but Dr .1 S. Eastman asserted that was
impossible. The case was warmly con
■
Bruns Cared for Him.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.-Judge Greene has
rendered judgment in favor of defendant
in the case,of C. E. Kinard against J. H.
Bruns. The latter agreed to support
Theo F. Herri during his remaining
days and having claimed to have lived
UD to his contra. I eot certain deeds which
he held in escrow at the time of Herring *
death. The creditors claimed Bruns never
supported deceased and had no right to
the deeds. Attorney de Golia, for plain
tiff, charged fraud, but subsequently
amended his complaint, alleging that the
deeds had not bt-en properly delivered.
Judge Greene; In Humming up the case
commented on the fact that Herring had
never complained of his treatment from
Bruns. a nd seemed satisfied. Judgment ;
was rendered accordingly. i
A State Exposition.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— Thi I Oakland
sition wil! be held from November
I>. . ,-mbpr 3. This was d<
this morning by the directors, and
time they
the necessary work to Contra
Exposition this year will be a
■ and the Bo ird of Trad< will
in the management. In the past the Ex
have embraced only the
duets and manufactures of Alaj
ity. This year it will be run on the
same principle as the Mechanics' Fair.
In Memory of Father McAvoy.
OAKLAND. Aug. I:<.— Hundreds of p -o- t
from Eden Township attended the
sninirn requiem mass celebrated to-day
at the Hay wards parish church in mem
ory of the late Father John McAvoy.
Rev. J. A. Larry waa celebrant, Rev. J.
Mc-iJinty deacon; Rev. L. Serda. sub
deacon;" and Revs. Cranvill, Governa and
Levir.gs. assistants.
Oakland News Notss.
OAKLAND, Aug. I!<.— Alonzo Theodore
Ayers to-da.s commenced suit for divorce
against Nellie Ayers.
Judge Ogden has deferred the hearing
of the water front retrial until the 29th
t the reqi;. tnsel.
The case of "Lord" Cyril Athol. charped
with forgery, has gone over till next
lay morning. In Judge Ellsworth's
court, for argument before the jury.
MISSING MRS. HOLDEN.
No Trace of the Threatened Suicide
Has Yet Been Found.
ALAMEDA, Aug. ».— Nothing has yet
been learned that would throw any ligh*
upon the whereabouts of the missing
Mrs. Holden. Inquiry at the Cliff House
found- that a lady answering her descrip
tion had purchased writing material
and had written letters, but noth
ing unusual was noticed in her demeanor.
i In Ukiab have been communicat
ed with, and search is also being made at
Santa Rosa, as she had said .she was go
■ ihat locality for her vacation. Har
friends here hope that she may have re
lered her expressed determination
to commit suicide and hag gone away into
the country somewhere. In the mean
diligent search will be prosecuted
lor her.
Billiard Tournament.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 19.— There was a good
attend I much interest manifested
In the billiard tournament at the Encina!
Recreation Club last evening, that being
the second of the matches. The results
follow: I". Sheldon beat It. A. Meeerole by
: A Mudgetl beat J. M. Brew
■■• ■ . >: I- Thorn beat Dr. Jf.
M Pond, the latter handicapped 110
ten will be continued next
Monday.
Alameda News Items.
James HIM, formerly of this city, died
}' ist '' hospital in Los Angeles.
Hia family resid here and the ren
will be brought to this city for interment.
The ceremony of forty hours' devotion
next Bunda enCe Sl ' JJ ' JSC 'l )h ' s Church
A meeting of Unity Circle will be held
at the Parlors of the Unitarian church
Srjfc VV' :11 ! J7J 7 "■'■ wlli( h Mrs. Shattuck will
talk about Japan.
LARGE FRESHMAN CLASS.
An Unusual Number of Students En-
tering for This Term.
BERKELEY, Aug; 19.— There will be a
large freshman class in the University of
California this year. As yet no final sta
tistics have been prepared, but the num
ber already applying for admission up to
date far exceeds that of the entering class
of laet summer. The Recorder's office
has now SCO applications on file, including
candidates for matriculation and for ad
vanced standing. Estimating the prob
able number to come within the next two
weeks, it is safe to assume that the c-lasa
of VM2 will overreach the 500 mark by at
least fifty or sixty. "* *"
This will make by far the largest body
of students thai has ever entered the col
lege at one time, and the professors and
members of the faculty are beginning to
fear that the already limited accommo
dations which the university has w ; |]
prove altogether too scant with this large
increase.
Berkeley News Notes, i
BERKELEY. Aug. 19.— Ernest Dozier
a Berkeley boy who left for the Philip
nines as corporal in the Signal Corps, has
been promoted by General Green to the
rank of sergeant for heroism displayed
i during one of the engagements before
Manila. " ; . _ ,
Professor - Frank Soule of the depart
men of civil engineering in the University
of California has assumed charge of the
university cadet corps in place of Lieu
tenant S. A. Cloman, Fifteenth United
States Infantry, now in Manila. Professor
Soulc will have charge of the military
department during Lieutenant nioman's
absence. ;; V\:/*' :
Professor Bernard Moses of the Uni
versity of California returned from Chi
cago to-day. He has been giving a
course of lectures in the university of the
Windy City. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
HELD COURT AT
THE HOSPITAL
Etta Haynes Testifies at
Cheeseman's Trial.
HE WILL PLEAD INSANITY
THE MURDERER'S FATHER IS
CONFIDENT OF ACQUITTAL.
Chief Fletcher Produces the Letter
Sent to Him by the Prisoner
Just After the |
Tragedy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
Frank Cheeseman, who murdered Henry
J. Brooke a few days' ago, was before
Judge Allen this morning for his exami
nation. He was defended by Attorney
T. F. Garrity, who will rely for defense
on the plea of insanity. Cheeseman was
once in an asylum, but, according to Etta
Payne, the girl whom he tried to kill on
the night of the murder, Cheeseman con
fided to her that he merely affected in
sanity for the purpose of clearing himself
of a felony some years ago.
Mrs. Brooke, the widow of the murdered
man, was the first witness, and her testi
mony did not differ much from, that al
ready published. Ernest Dryer, a soldier
with whom Cheeseman conversed a rew
minutes before the tragedy, told of
Cheeseman's statement to him that, he
had been divorced from two wives al
r< ady and had a license In his pocket to
marry Etta Payne. In that conversation
Cheoseman also told Dryer that he in
tended "to do up the old man Brooke."
The witness said that there was nothing
about Cheeseman's manner that might
not to be explained by the fact that he
hail taken a few drinks.
Tony Salvador, another soldier, repeat
ed the story of his meeting with Cheese
man on the night of the murder, but he
threw no new light on the subject. Jene
Voorhees. the bartender of the saloon in
which Cheeseman was captured, said that
the murderer was too drunk when the
revolver was taken from him at the bar
to create any fear. Attorney Garrity ex
amined the witness for the purpose of
finding out his distinction between a crazy
man and a drunken man. Voorhees said
he had handled a few drunks but no in
sane people, arid as he had sold Cheese
man several drinks he knew that he was
drunk.
The photograph of Cheeseman -which
the murderer had mailed to the Chief of
I' 'ire after the murder was produced.
On the cover was written: "Catch me If
you can; I am right under your noses. I
will kill the girl on sight. You think me
(crazy. No. F. H. CHEESEMAN." On
the other side was written: "Here Is my
picture— the man who did the shooting.
if I see the girl I will kill her. F. H.
CHEEBEMAN."
The court adjourned to the Receiving
Hospital, where Etta Payne is still de
tained by reason of her wounds. Her tes
timony was the same as her story pub
| lished'in The Call at the time of the mur-
I der. The examination will be continued
i next Monday.
F. 8. Cheeseman, father of the mur
! fierer, said to-day that he would use every
i effort to clear his son. "Frank's mind
has been affected since he was 6 years
old." said the elder Cheeseman, "and I
had him placed In an asylum once for
six months, and he was discharged as
I cured. I don't- believe he can be cured.
They can't do anything with him but send
him back to an asylum. The girl loved
him as much as he loved her. Brooke
came to me one night and asked that we
keen Frank from going with Etta. He
said that Mrs. Brooke had consumption;
that he didn't expect her to live much
longer and that he then wanted Etta.
Firemen's Ball.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The fire laddies of
this city propose to make their ball, to be
given at Germanla Hall on October 22,. a
pronounced success. A committee, con
sisting of one member from each of the
various companies of the Fire Depart
ment, met at the Sixth street house last
night and completed arrangements, Very
promising: reports were received from the
various sub-committee, and the ball bids
fair to be one that will meet the highest
anticipations. The committee of arrange
' ments comprises the following: W. J.
Downie E. Doyle, H. Hayes, .T. J. Mul-
RTew B O. Johnson. George Weaver. D.
A O'Brien. F. B. Dolbler, "W. Siedentopf.
W. Mahoney, P. Jordan. O. Mulvey. W.
McGrath, W. B. Smith, S. Short. V.
Chloupek and J. D. Cramer. The ball will
, be for the benefit of the relief fund.
Estate of Augustus Layer.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The estate of tho
late Augustus Layer. a prominent arehi
trrt has been nppraised by A. C. Ham
mond J T. Fleming and J. B. Lanktfee
at $18,542 2«. of which $12f>2 38 consists of
personal property and all of which is
community property.
The Chandler Divorce.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Judge Greene has
granted Marfette L. Chandler a divorce
from Increase H. Chandler on the ground
of willful neglect. The custody of tho
thrrp minor children was awarded to the
plaintiff. The parties resided in Ala
meaa.
AN ACT OF GENEROSITY.
How the Body of Little Josephine
Lindsay Was Saved From a
Pauper's Grave.
The funeral yesterday morning of little
Josephine Lindsay, whose life was
crushed out under«the wheels of a truck
last Tuesday, brought to light a deed of
open-hearted, unostentatious charity
which is well deserving of more than
passing notice.
The parents of the child are very poor.
The father, who is a veteran of the Civil
War hfis no steady employment and pup
ports the family as best he enn by doing
odd jobs wherever he can pick them up.
When the child was killed the father
found himself not only bereft of his lar
line but absolutely without means of
lurving the body, and he was torn with
Sat the thought that the little body
mutt He in the Morgue until the custom
ary forty-eight hours had expired and it
would be given a pauper's funeral at the
Cl^rTonds PP o rr ff 3 the family called the matter
to the attention of Al White of the un
dertaking firm of Porter & White, and he
at OTOereHeved the anxiety of the be
reaved parents by promising to stand all
the expense of the funeral. He lur
nished a neat little casket and white
hearse with carriages for the family, and
Tviid for a grave in consecrated ground
for the little, one. The father was over
come with emotion at this unlooked-for
generosity, and promises that if he ran
only get employment he will pay Mr.
\..,ite in full.
Benefit for the Boys' Home.
A benefit performance was given to the
"Boys' Home." of 26 Laurel place, at
Sherman & Clay Hall last night by the
Lyceum School of Dramatic Arts, the pu
pils of which presented the three-act
comedy entitled "His Last Chance," a
new play written by Miss Colburn of Bos
ton The piece, under the direction of
J9J 9 Lou ' Hafiett/was well received by a
lnrge audience, the several character* be
ing well sustained by Messrs. Camlllus.
1 -l Vaun Marrion. Peterson and Seward
and the Misses Lillian West. Minnie
Ward, Allie Aloen and Dora Dean. Spe-
Hnitles were rendered by Little Misa
Hunr Merle Bunn. Lillian Dolliver and
Leslie Peterson. Quite a handsome sum
•was realized for the Home.
Jerry Sullivan Sentenced.
Jerry Suim-an, who was convicted of
simple assault for having shot Mabel
Keating and her husband, James Keat
ing, in a saloon at 111 Grant avenue, last
March, was sentenced to three months
in the County Jail by Judge Wallace yes
terday. Prior to passing sentence Judge
Wallace criticized the action of the Jury
in having found the prisoner guilty of
simple assault. He said that he had in
structed the jury either to convict him
of assault to murder or to acquit him.
The court stated that he had heard some
talk recently of abolishing thn iury sys
tem entirely, and that certainly the Sul
livan case was not one that the advo
cates of the system could refer to in
their efforts to* maintain it.
Officer Lvcett Accidentally Shot.
Police Officer Francis E. L,ycett was ac
cidentally shot in the leg yesterday morn
ing. He had reported off duty at 6 o'clock
and after donning his citizen's clothes
rushed out of the Seventeenth-street sta
tion and ran down Seventeenth street for
the purpose of boarding a. Howard-street
car. While he was running- his pistol fell
out of his pocket and was discharged by
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks and bonds were fairly active and
Oceanic Steamship rose to fdtiTs and Ilutchin
son to tiio 50.
Mining stocks were dull at the familiar
prices.
The Hutchinßon Plantation Company's divi
dend of 50c i>er share will be paid to-day.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share to
day.
The Bui lion -Beck Mining Company of Tintic,
Utah, has paid a total of $2,267, in dividends
to date; loU.OOO has been paid this year.
Tlie Qolden Cycle Mining Ccmpany of Colo
rado paid a dividend of JSOOO on the ISth.
The I'lonet-r BCining Company of California
paid a dividend of $12,5U0 on the 12th.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending August 13 the exploratory
openings in the Muyle, East, Security, Black,
Main Standard and No. 10 ledges on the 150,
SIR, 33G, 3SO and 470 levels continue to develop
good ore, which is showing in the tops of
most of the upraises The •topea in the above
ledges on must of the levels are yielding the
usual quantity of fair to good ore, which Is
shipped to the mill and is giving satisfactory
returns.
Standard Mill statement— crushed for the
week, 279 tons; average assay vanner tail
ings, $8 21; concentrates produced, 2^4 tons;
assay value, $146 57; plate amalgam produced,
S96U ounces; value per ounce by assay, $2 55.
Tailings plant No. 1 treated 295 tons tailings
foi» the week. The new tailings plant No. 2
is in process of construction.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Aug. 19—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
V S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 8% 11
Is quar c0up..111%112 Oakland Gas., 51 51%
4s quar reg...111%112% Pac Gas Imp.. 88% 8) '
•4s quar new.. 127 128 ;Pac L. Co 43 50
3s new 104%1fr3% S F G & E... 88% 89 j
Miscellaneous | San Fran ...... 3 3&
Cal-st Cab 5a.113%115 Stock Gas .... 13 —
• 'al El 6a 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99% — Firem's Fund. 2oo 205
Dup-st ex c... — 95% Bank Stocks—
E L, & P 65.. 129 131' i Anglo-Cal .... 61% 65
F&CI Ry 6s..li;.i£ — Bank of Ca1..245%247%
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 Cal S D & T.. - 97
H C & S 4%5.100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A LCo 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....128V4 —
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange 14 13
Market-st 65..1.?6H— !Nev Nat 8....160 —
Do Ist M 55.. 1154 — I Savings Banks— .
I Nat Yin 6s sts — 97«r Ger S & L..1550 1650
INCNG Ry 7s. 105 10S Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65. .110 112 Mutual Say. — 42%
■ N Ry Cal 55..103 Vi — 6 F Say t\. 431% 500
NPC R R 65. 103 105 IS & L 50.... — 100
jNP CR R ss. 09>;i02 Security SB. 300 —
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
! Oak Gas 55. ...101 — Street Railroad—
i Do 2d la 55..109%Ul California ....106 107*4
iOm Ry fis ....127U12S Geary 40 —
P & 6 «s 107 — Market-st 53*4 5414
S P & Cl Ry 65.104%105% Presidio B>i —
' Powell-Pt 65. ..US — Powder— ■
I Reno WL.&L...100 — California ....130 149
Fac El Ry "8.100 — F. Dynamite... 85 —
i S F& N P ss. 103% — Giant Con Co. 48 . 48%
' .SierraßCal Cs. — 103 VigorM 2% 2T»
S P of Ar 65..1CG% — Miscellaneous—
S P Cal 6s 110 — Al Pac Assn.. 97 98
PPC Is or 55.. 102 — Ger I-rt \Vks..l2. . —
, S P Br 6s 116*4 — liana P C 0.... 14% —
S V Wat 119-4120 H C & S Co.. 26% 26%
I S V Wat 45...102%103 Hutch S P Co. 55% 05%
■ Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Water Stocks— Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Contra Costa.. 45 M Oceanic S Co. 55% 57
Marln Co 50 — Pacific AFA. — 2\i
Spring Valley. 99V4100 Pac Bot C 0... .100 104 .
! Gas & Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
I Cent Gaslight. los —
Morning: Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 2R "5
BO do do 26 62%
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 DO
155 S F Gas A Electric Co 88 7*.
50 do do 88 87%
Street—
6 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
$20,000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds 5s 115 50
Afternoon Session.
130 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 25 62^ i
300 do do 28 73 !
50"- do do' b 10 26 75,
10 Hutchinson S P Co.. .■ 53 50
. 50 Oakland Gas 5125
40 S F Oa« & Electric Co SS 73 :
360 S F Gas! lent 325 j
30 Spring Valley Water &9 37 Vs
Street—
CO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar . 26 62 .4
50 do do 2« 75
10 Hutchinson S PCo 55 50 j
50 Pacific Gas Improvement S3 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. '
30 Alaska Packers' Association 97 25 ;
£0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 C2li
65 Hutchinson S P Co 55 00
Afternoon Session.
50 S F Gas & Electric Co SS 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.. 40 400 Sierra Nevada.. 60
100 Mexican ..*■■ — la!
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 13 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 58
Chollar 13 300 Union Con 23
E6O Ophir 221
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Beard yesterday:
McrniP.K Session.
6CO Alpha 04.800 Con Cal & Va.. 39
300 Alts. 10 500 Justice 07
200 Belcher 12, 300 Mexican 16
200 Caledonia ". JIOiSCQ Savage 12
700 Chollar IS 500 S B & M 04
100 Gould & Curry.- 17 600 Utah 06
200 16 300 Yellow Jacket... IS
< Afternoon Session
1000 AHa 15:500 Justice 07
400 Belcher 12 ' 400 Mexican 16
200 Challenge Con... 14 300 Ophlr 23
100 Chollar 191200 Savage 11
300 Con Cal & Va.. 40 ICO Sierra Nevada.. S'J
200 Crown Point ... 12 800 Union Con 23
200 Gould & Curry.. I«|." 'a) Yellow Jacket... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• FRIDAY, Aug. 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Dld.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia \... — C 2
AHa •' ........... 15 — Justice 07 CS
Andes 04 Or. Kentuek 05 06
Belcher 12 13 Lady Wash ... — 01
Benton Con ... — 12 Mexican 15 17
Beet & Belcher 16 17 Occidental GO —
Bullion 02 Ophlr 22 M
Caledonia — 2) Overman 04 00
Chollar • 18 19 Potosl 17 18
Challenge Con. 14 15 .savaße 10 12
Confidence 3'J — Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 40 41 So* Belcher ... — 04
Con Imperial .. - Cl Sierra Nevada. 58 CO
Crown Point .. 12 13 Silver Hill .... — 15
Con New York. 01 02 Syndicate — 03
Kureka Con ... — I.'. Standard 140 1 6i>
Exchequer — <" Union Con 2a 24
Gould & Curry 15 17 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. 75 80 Yellow Jacket. 18 20
■ ♦ » :
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Richard H. O. Weber (by Sarah
A. Bcott executrix) to Fred, William and Sarah
H Sink lot on W line of Larkin street, 75 S
of' Lombard. S 25 by W 105:8; $1750. .
Fncarnaclon or Encarnaeion R. da and Man
uel L. Barillas to Marion Leventritt, lot on
NE corner of California and Octavia streets,
E 68:9 by N 137:6: $10.
Rebecka Eickhorst to F. G. Eickhorst. lot
on W line of I'.aker street, SO N of Greenwich,
W 100 by X 57:6: also lot on N line of Green
wich street, 50 W of Baker. W 25 by N* 80;
also lot on NW corner of Greenwich and Pierce
streets, "W 62:6 . by N 100, quitclaim deed;
$5000. ■"
John Coop and James W. Smith to Richard
L. Murray, lot on E line of Cole street, 110 N
of Frederick." N 25 by E 125; $10.
James M. Small to Charles Ruling, lot on E
line of Vicksburg street, 180 N of Twenty-third,
N 26:8 by E 117:6: $840.
N. K. Mesten to Julia T. Ashworth (wife of
Thomas), lot on NE corner of Mason and
O'Farrell alley. N 32:6, E 137:6, S 50:10%. W
60 N 18:4%. W 77: C: $10.
Joseph A. and Elizabeth Miller to Georges
Legallet, lot on NE line of . Eleventh avenue
south 150 NW of M street south, NW 23 by
NE 100, block 209, Central Park Homestead
Association; $10. ...
Mary J. Hanlon to John Hanlon, lot on NE
line of Twelfth avenue, 7. BH of M street. SE
75. NE 100, SE 30, NEW, NW 180, S\V 50, SE
75.' SW 150, block 229; $1500.
Kate A.. Kate, Anna M. and Belle W. For
ester to Matilda and Samuel Moffet, lot on SW
line of Twelfth avenue, 125 SE of P street, SE
25 by SW 100, block 250. ON. and H. Tract; $10.
Harriet E. and Charlos H. Jackson to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $100.
<■ Edmund and Ellen Kenney to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $!:. . •
John A. and Augusta Bjorkman to H. Lev!
ft Co. (a corporation), lot on W corner of
Eighth avenue and H street, NW 150 by SW
100, block 160. South San Francisco Homestead
and Railroad; also lot on NE line of Twen
tieth avenue. 75 NW of Eighth street, NW 75
by NE 100, block 390. same; $10.
Lone Mountain Cemetery Company to Henry
L. King, lot 255, Lone Mountain Cemetery; $74.
Alameda County.
Hugh and Anna S. Ilopan to M. A. McAultfTe,
lot on NE line of E Twenty-sixth street. 313 SE
of Thirteenth avenue, BE 65 by NE 140, being
lot 36 and NW 20 feet of lot 35 of Hogan's sub
division, block 87, Highland Park, East Oak
land, to correct 6C6 d 469; $3000.
L. IX and Victoria L. Flllmer, G. E. L.
Book and Mrs. Ruth S. Loud (by commissioner)
to William Harris, lot on W line of Peralta
street, 42 N of Eighth, N 45 by W 100, Oak
land; $3100.
Charles S., Sadie A. and Robert P. Wieland
(by Sheriff) to Mathllde M. Shainwald. lot on,
E line of West street, S5 N of Twentieth. N
35 by E 100, block L-299, Curtis & Williams
Tru.-t, Oakland: J237.
Alice F. (Jararon, S. W. and Jennie M. Ful
ler and C. E. a-nd Harriet A. Williams to
I'nion Savings Bank, lot on NE corner of
Albion and Grove streets, E 88:11%, N 100, W
9S:2'/4. S 100 to beginning, being portion Alden
Tract. Note.— This deed is given in full pay
ment of a certain mortgage made by Mary
E. WlllUuoa (Wife of E. A.) an.l Alice F. Cam
run (wife of \V. W.) and recorded in 400 in. 293,
Oakland; $10.
Nellie 1... Edwards to O. A. Lane, lots 5 and
6, on subdivided map of lots 14 and 15 us per
map of Survey No. ,524, H. C. Lee. 100-acre
tract, subject to a mortgage for $1000, Oak
land; $10.
O. A. Lane to F. S. Angel, same; Oakland;
$10.
F. S. Rowley to The Realty Syndicate, lota
101 and 201 on map showing lands to be taken
for opening of Twelfth avenue from E Twen
ty-second street to E Twenty-fourth, quit
claim deed, East Oakland; $35.
Thomas G. and Margaret A. Ktngsland to
Laura K. Smith, subdivision 3 In lot 29, Glen
Echo Tract. Map 3, being a reaubdlvlsion of
lots 10, 16, IS, 28. 23 35 to 38. Glen Echo Tract,
-Ma]i 2, Oakland Annex; $10.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
U. linden", lots 87 and SB, Elmhurst Park,
Brooklyn Township; $400.
Joseph T. Raymond to Harriet A. Williams,
lot on S line of Bay View avenue, 50 W of
Chestnut street. W 50 by S 141. being lot 13.
block 11, Warner Tract, to correct 676 d 397,
Brooklyn Township; $1000.
T. W. and Elizabeth Moore, A. McCartney,
W. Olney, C. Babb, W. C. Hoffmann and A.
Moore (a guardian estate of T. Moore) (In
competent), (by commissioner) to Hermann
Meese lot on S line of Railroad avenue, 199:3
E of Second avenue, E IM:3 by S 3<O, being lot
2, Map of lands Teutonia, Park and Home
stead Association, Alanieda; fttß.
C. Ohristensen, J. Hennlngser and C. M. Jor
gensen (trustees of Thyra No. 9, Society of
Danla, California) to Thyra Branch No. 9.
Haywards, of Danish Society Dania of Cali
fornia, lot on SE line of narrow street or alley
20 feet wide which Intersects the NE line of
Castro street, 120 HE of Calhoun or B, SE 80
by NE 62, Haywards, Eden Township; also
lot on NE line of Castro street. 164 SE of B or
Calhoun, NE 110 by SE 36, same; grant.
George J. and Margaret Williams to Mary J-
Andrews, lot on W line of Grove street, 153 S
of Thirty-seventh, S 47 by W 175, being lot 15
and S 47 feet of lot 11, block A, Apgur Tract,
Oakland annex; $1700.
Myron L. Wurts to Rebecca Wurts, the E
half of lot 9 and W half of lot 10, block 2107.
and W half of lot 22, block 2098, Alden Tract at
Temescal, Oakland annex; also the S half of
lot 4. corrected map of subdivision of Hnyder
Homestead Tract, Berkeley; also the S 30 feet
of lot 2S, Mock 12. amended map of Central
Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations, same;
gift.
Ella N. and Clarence K. Harmon to Charles
H. Chambers, lot on X line of Bellevue ave
m>.-. 789.80 E of High street. E 515, N 608.80.
W 215, S :."■!" to beginning, being a portion
of Mackinnon and CJohrman Tract, subject to
a mortgage for $1250, Brooklyn Township: SlO.
Moritz Newburger to Leah F. Mott. all in
terest in lot on R line of San Antonio avenue,
2HO W Walnut street, W 60 by S 150, being lot
15, Dork 1, lan. ls adjacent to Enclnal, Ala
rm-lu; HO.
T. P. Munday and Walter Towne (executors
of the estat" of Smith P. Towne) to same, lot
on S line of San Antonio avenue, 25n W of
AValnut street. W 50 by S 150, lot 15, block L,
same, Alameda; $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
.Tahn nisen (riwner) with Erik Boes, contrac
: • od architect. Foundations, walls, floors,
ceiling, roofing for a 2-story and basement
frame building on E line of Belcher street, 200
X of Fourteenth, X » by E 125; $2720.
Jonas Schoenfeld (owner) with William T.
Cnmniary (contractor), architects Salfield &
Kohl berg. Carpenter work, mill work, hard
ware, glaatng and tinning for a S-story attic
and basement residence on X line of Pacific
avenue, 49:10% E of Webster, E 49:10% by X
132:6, W 49:6, S 132:6: $0000.
Rev. William P. Kirby (owner) with R. J.
Pavert (contractor), architect B. J. Clinch. All
work for a 3-story dwelling house on N line of
street, 108 W of Masonic avenue. W —
by (bond reads X line of Page street, 108
W of Masoni'- avenue, V.' 2" by X 80); $3500.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i Mrs S M Boyd, Colo Dr Muirfleld &w, Col
Miss P E Boyd, Colo O Opt*. Lake Tahoe
Miss S M Boyd. Colo S Slnton & w. Va
Mrs Boyle. Ariz W Ware. S Cruz
C Nauman, Sacto J L Harrison, Seattle
P Sheehan. Callstoga P Morgan. Portland
I 1I 1 N ill. 9 Rosa .1 D L -ell, Eureka
j P F Benson, Elmlra C Bradley, Tacoma
I J Christenson. Vallejo M C Ross, Chicago
PS Mornn, Merced J Smith, Boston
: 3 W Wilson. Suisun
PALACE HOTEL.
. G A Batchelder, Cal C J Hnrrah & t. Pa
i F. W Rollins, Denver E D Jones &w. X T
A Rollins, Denver A C Jones, N V
iP A Gilbert, Warren G H Sampson, X T
3 McKinney & w, Cal j X Patten Jr. Wls
W H Workman, Cal Mrs T A Black. lowa
F I Lake, Chicago Mis* L G Bass. In<l
T C Haynes. Chicago C Downing. Armona
F G McNally. Chicago Mrs Downing-, Armona
L E Mosber, L Ans J F Farraher, Yreka
3 E McDonald, Cal F S Johnson, Cal
I C T Elliott, Salld.T. .Mrs F S Johnson. Cat
| A McClelland, Pueblo C H McKevett, Cal
! L A Lewis, Portland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T S Ryan. Ft Baker ; S Roades, Fresno
J O'Brien, S Clara : Mrs F Roades, Cal
; J Heffernan, Stocktn Miss W Eaton, Colo
A C:ii»?idy. Stocktn ! Mrs Eaton. Colo
J Jones, N V M Cochrane, S Rafael
P. Norman. S Cruz ;B R Tarrant, WU
II Harms, Pleaston iDr Gardner. Napa
G Etzen, Pleasant. Mrs Gardener, Napa
I F Conefleld, Cal I Mrs Btrallert, Napa
IJ M Glass, Los Ang Mrs Lindsay, Napa
' D X Trask, L Ang ,' H Wagner, Xapa
Pr Nutting, Cal I T'R De Witt. Oaklnd
T A Cutler, Crescent R E Ro<=e, Sacto
W Tishburn, Sacto '' W Price. Bakersfld
II .r Nance, Neb F D Bond, Sacto
It T Wilson, S Lucas V H Dresser, Lakeprt
R E Reise, S P I J McOough. Chicago
.T Morgan, B P | Mrs E S Clark. Ogdn
G Freeman, Newark '
GRAND HOTEL.
G Pel rani, S Jose ; P G Anzar, S Juan
V 0 Blake. Sacto L W Meyers. L Ang ■
}■ W Mathews. Cal W F Goetz. S Monica
F G Finlayson. Cal S Newell, Stktn
G H Stewart, L Ang J V Moran, L Ang
B Johnson, Fullerton ! B H Wilson, L Ang
W M McFadden, Cal X A Fish. R Bluff
Mrs D Sinn. v. 8 Jose Mr* R II Simpson. Cal
J G II Miller, Pa Miss C Simpson, Cal
W T Patty, Tex Miss E Kllllan, Or
E C Ivlns, Cal ■ F-.J Wood, Portland
J M Brooks, L Ang C X Post; Sacto
M. J IJrJtt. NY M J Wright. Sacto
F liulmaine, Cal J Bradford, RekPrsfteld
W M Jones. Cal M Waynesburic, Term
J M Meredith, L Ang E W Wells. Humboldt
H D Kereheval, Cal A Ode el Eetotll*. Cal :
H Todd. Oakland V P Clayton, S Jose
R T Colyer, Pnsadena F E Sharkey, N V
•.] M Brooks, Princeton W F Nichols & w. Cal
J P Winn, Redlands Mips J Nichols, Cal
J Qulnne, STeka D A Ostrom & w, Yuba
3 11 Seewell, Uklah T McCafTery. Sacto'
j c Ruddock. Ukiah J G Rcannough, Cal
j rs G.intolar. Merced ,W B French, Pasadena
C Erlckson, Martinez M W Conkling. Cal
F Wolf &W, B Clara E J Morris, L Ang.
V T McGllllcuddy. D L O Breeden, S Ana
R Main, 8 Barbara T Cutter. Humbnldt
C L Burnett, Sausallto 3 Shannlgnn. '". il
T O Toland. Ventura :Miss B Dowd, Boston
A L Prom, Ventura T Puffy. Del Norte
W S Woods. BactO C A Miller. L Ang
A Oamarlllo. Ventura J W Davis, Tulare
A True & vf. L Ang F D Smith & w. Cal
X J Scott, Cal A .1 Thompson, Cal
W I Goodman, Sacto O A Sturtevar.t, Cal
J Simons. Pasadena W Hanen, Cal
F O Daniel, S Ana. Miss Moon, Cal
j A Stanwood, Cal 'J Mason & w, Cal
J H Hunt* L Ang I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 19 — Stmr Britan
nic from New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Aug Stmr Ethiopia, for
* NAPLES— SaiIed Aug 19— Stmr Alba, for New
Tort
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr No
madic, from New York.
Sailed Auk 19— Stmr Tauric. for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Auk 19— Stmr Aller, from
New York.
I QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aupr 19— Stmr Etru
ria. from New York and proceeded.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Gompagnie Generate Transaflantique.
French Line to Havre.
Cimpany's pier (newV 42 North .».<-.^
Rlvr r, foot of Morton st. Travelers <2irLr*
by this line avoid both transit by '«*»**»»
! English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
second class, $116. :..•"?:
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE :... Sept. 3, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a. m
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
For further i>urtlculn»s apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, .
i No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
PHBPmi&P The S - s - MOAN A
f3-^£s4^y3r Falls vla Honolulu and
iw|r«T»o«"w Auckland; for Sydney
Q . _^—^^ Wednesday. September
Aj/ I • \ 7, at 2 p. m.
n^mSnlD^ 'Line" to ' COOLGAR-
QJiWiIIUIIIJ/ .■■ DIE. Australia, and
/OfllßfllJU-CAPE TOWN. South
*£J"'r''"**l Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, -,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ADVEE'i'ISEMEN^S.
STATEMENT
PDVEB'-I'ISEMEN^S.
AXE7VYEINT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF! PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
U Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1537, and . for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State' of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by th« Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $276,800 CO
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,108,135 51
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,646.113 12
Amount of loans secured by pledgfe
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 185.750 00
Cash In company's office 60,713 57
Cash in banks .*. 255,713 20
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 23,316 68
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages :....• 51, 105 68
Premiums in due course of collection 623.558 S3
Rents due and accrued 1,80150
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid and
for salvage 8,296 94
Total assets ....J6, 239, 334 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $87,479 91
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 122,425 94
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 47,668 42
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,911,335 61;
reinsurance SO per cent 955,667 80
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one yea,r, $1,961,-
973 43; reinsurance pro rata 1.034,874 15
Amount reclaimable by the insured ■ ,
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 1,950,807 57
All other demands against the com-
pany 238,463 56
Total liabilities « $4,457,357 35
INCOME.
Ither demands against the cor-
ny 238.463 56
>tal liabilities $4,437,387 35
INCOME,
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $2,652,479 65
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 125,074 82
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 134,903 96
Received for rents 11.169 00
Total income $2,923,627 43
.'.{". EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $198,948 41. losses of previous
years) $1,351,057 41
Dividends to stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 580,93173
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 159,739 93
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 75,532 58
All other payments and expenditures 176,921 37
Total expenditures $2,544. 02
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,386,956 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $296,184,339 $3,317,557 37
Net amount of risks ex-J 1
. pired- during the year.i 266,134,13513,228,073 33
Net amount in force De- I
cember 31, 1897 ! 383,R52.352| 3.873,312 04
E. C. IRVIN. President.
BEN T. HERKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1898.
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT. v
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
MANAGER S. F. DEFT.,
219 SANSOmB STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO.
x^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/^«Ss|i9 <»-•"» KEABJKT NT. Established
fall in 1854 for the treatment of Private
jHiJ*b4(Bf Diseases, Lost Man hood. DeWlltyor
Ky^Krf-i-Jssriiseaye wearing on body and mlndand
■ %Bs!ffiff«l Ski " Diseases. The docrbrcureswheii
«NH'i*k'V'f;*s' uliersfa "' Try him. Charges low.
CSS&S32«DB! C"tiro« Kiinrnnlrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. 1\ ulfiBU.V Box 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ifc^ Steamers leave Broadway
TFtl!^ wharf, San Francisco:
1 IfclsaftS!fe>. For Alas' ports, 10 a. m..
tl3p£>s£W% August 4. 9, 14. 19. 24. M. Sept 3.
I tf&\ Isspife?\ transfer at Seattle.
BS*V«sl3 5* 3 For • Alaskan ports (from
5 £BUbW^'3D&! Fpear-Etreet wharO. 10 a. m.,
I'^^a! to Aupust 3. 23. transfer at Port-
For Vlct<- - Vancouver, (B.
C. ■* Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anaeortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m August 4, 9, 14. 19, 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter. C' nectins at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma 14. 19. 24, P. Ity., at and every
Iny thereafter, f lectins at Seattle with
ompany's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
U Tacoma wit. N. P. Hy.. at Vancouver
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbolclt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
6. 12. 18. 24. 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayuci? Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo),
Oavinta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenems,
Fan i'edro. East San Pedro (Los Angles'" and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Aug. 1, 5, 9. 13, 17. 21, 25. 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondn (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m Aug. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
113 and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 18th of
every month. /."- '■■'--■''.
For further Information obtain foloer.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, selling dates |
s tv< Vonrs pf poillTie
TICKET .OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery j
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p O jr. T land
- From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC $12 First Clnss Including Berths !
rMiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Auk. 3. 13. 23. Sept. 1
State of California. July 30. Aug. 8, IS. 28. Sept. 7 I
St. Paul $16 00] St. Louis $.18 00
Kansas City 2R 00 Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 00! New York :... 31 00
E. C. WARD, Genera! Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS CO..
Superintendents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERT DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m. I
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Special Rates to Excursion Parties,
Beginning MONDAY. August 22. I
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND vallejo.
. Steamer "Montlceilo."
Mon Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ox. Thurs.)
Fridays •••• 1P- ***• and 8:30 p. m. -
Sundays.. 10:30 a. m. <«.nd 8 p. m. |
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
BAELROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V«-< Sfni«jnHto Ferry
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '8:00. "9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, -*6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3*
p. tn.
SUNDATS— *8:00, »9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30 j
a. m.; 1:00. *1:45, *2:30, *4:00, 6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sunday*.
Trains- marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35. 7:55. 8:25. »9:o«
a m. ; •12:20. 2:10, •3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. »9:45, •10:45, ni:4s
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20. »3:30, '5:15, ■ •6:00, 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked ••start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. '
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:56. 8:43. 10:19
a. m. : 12:40. 2:26. 3:65. 4:65. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ;
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20, j
2-40, 3:55. -5:30. 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m.- week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. i
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'tu.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted) — To- !
males and way stations. .
8:00 a. m — Cazadero and way sta'ns. '
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n*. ,
RAILROAD TBAVEIi.
.
•tUI III! li> !»«« Ifr'lC COMPANY.
(rAcirto imMi) . . £-*:r
Trnlna l««n*f anil air duo In nrrlTC ml
NAN FIIANCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ■_
.r.wr. —" . From July 10. 1833. — akritb
•O:*»Oa Niles. Ban Jose and Way Stations... •8:437
7iOUa Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... 10:4-}*
7:O0a Marysvllie, OroTilleand Redding Tim • • • - ■
Woodland 5:4.-ip
7:OI»a Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey. H:43r
7:Si»i Martinez, SaulUmou, Vallejo. Napa,
( 'nlUtoga and Santa Rosa •:f»F
S:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kaat.. 8:15?
HiKUa .Sun Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Maryimlle,
Chico, Tehama and Red 1i1n1T.... 4i1.1l-
M:!IAa Peters, Oakdaleand Jamestown.... 7:IS*P
•»:30a Milton »7jlsp
Uiuua Sew Orleans Kxprein. Merced, Fres-
■lo, tjakerstield. Santa lUrnara,
] .m AiiKt-lt-s, Drilling. £1 l'aau.
New Orleans and East oi4-Tr
IO:OOa. Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations t:lsp
I:00r Sacramento Hi»cr Steamers •»:<>op
San Jose, >'iles and Way Stations.. . J»:I3A
8:00 p LiTermorfi, MeudoU, liauford and
Viwilia...... «:15r
....... Li micro, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JI0:15a
4:OOp Martinez, Hau ilCamon. Vallejo, ...«..-
Napa, t'»;ia'.»(jii, I.l Verano and
guilt* »il»*
4ioor Benioia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Kiii«!:U Landing. MaryiTille, Oro-
fllle ami Sacramento.... 10:45 a
:3Op Nile*. San Jose, Tracy aud Stockton 7: 1 3?
4:S«p Stockton and I.odi 12:15*
*:30p Latiirop. Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and l.os - .-
AiitictoK ' Ti43a
4<3Op Mirtinex, Merced (Raymond for
Yoseiolteiaod Fresno l«:I3r
4:: top Santa l-v Route, Atlantio Express
for Muja»o and ICast. ". «:4.-»p
*:0»p ITCuronritii Mail, Ogdeu and Kast 9:43 a
•6:00 i> Vallejo 18:l5p
OiOOp Iluvwurdn. Nile* and San .lone 7:43 a
J7sOop Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions :9i45p
SiOOp Oregon (Sacramento, Maryn-
»ille, It»<l«liii|{. Port.aml. I'nget
8o":id aud Kait 8il»A
8A» LEA.MtUO AM) lIAVUAKDS LOCAL.
: -■■- (Foot of Market Street.)
1 Helro'r, Seminary Park, f 7«13a
S:00a Kitrlihurir, F.lmliurst, < !S S I2 4
iS'SS* hilMi«n,BMtklM \v\\i
i|i:«oA Lean.h-o, Kstudillo, lailSp
ti'-i:O0M ' Loreaxo, tnerrx • ii:43r
t»:OOp and lSi4Sr
s:o<»p MajrfHrrts. (3: 15p
7:OOp i Runs through to Nile*. ?:43p
J t From Nile* ; 1.
COAST DIVISION (Norron (lange). "" ""
(Foot of Market Street.} '
}T:4sa Santa Cruz Eicnreion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations :»:05p
13a Newark, Onterville. San Jofe.Ft-lton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
SUtions Si3Or
•SxlSp Newark. Centerrille, SAn Jose, New . -
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "H»:3O*. I
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 9:20 a '
q4;l3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jU:2Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Sll SRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 3)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. 11:00 *2:03 }3:0O
•4:00 SC:OO •8:00 p.m.
rromOtlUKS— F»«l«f Broaiwm.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:00 •1-00 J8:00 ; *3:00 1 1-00 *3:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (It road Gauge).
(Third and Towns.'nd St!».)
•7:«0a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
17:30 a Sunday Excursion (or San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations 18i33r
»:OOa Han Jose, Km Finos. Ki.uu Cm
Pacific Grofe, Paw Rubles, Sau
I.via Ol)ispo. Guadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Station* 4»lOir
1O:4Oa Ran .loae and Way Stations <R:4>Oa
I1:3«)a San Josa aud Way Station* ....... *Si3Sa
■2i43r dan Mateo, Redwood, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Claia. San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, banta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove •IO:3«_
•«:»«p San Jose and Way Stations »»:O1»a
MtiSp San Josoand Principal Way Stations «:43a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3::t»r Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3«i-
• :3Ur San Jose and Way Stations 7::i«p
Ml:43r San Jose and Way Stations 7::tOi-
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays rxcepced. 1 Sundays only, t Katnrii.nys only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sucdnyi.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, " 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 2:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 20. -11:10- a. m.: 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m ; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29,
Week ! Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. ] days. Destination. | days, j Days.
7:30 am I 8:00 am I Novato, 10.40 am | B:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm!lQ:2» am
6:lopm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:3s pm| 6:22 pm,
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, .1
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami I ■ land and I 110:25 am
3:30 rm I 8:00 am I Uklah. | 7:35pm [ 6:22pm.
7:30 am 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm|
1:30 | 6:22 pm,
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S am
and
E:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam| 8:00am| Sebastopol. 110:40 amjl0:25 am
3:3opm' s:oo pm| ( 7:35 pm( 6:2: pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle t9t Skagcs Springs; at Cloverdale fur
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad .
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring?, Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
■ida Lierley's, Bucknell's, Panhedrin Heights.
Hullville. Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER. H. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _ •
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST ft AIL WAr
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following. Time t •
Leave San Franc 1 4: 30 p. m., &M.T.W.T.E\ai
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.P.S.S.M.T.;
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 5:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago »:Wp. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFQWT&BLB
li You Travel on the Santa F«»
HI FHMCISCB OFFICE— m MARKET ST.-
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oikland OfEoe— Broadway.
Sacramento Offioo— 3ol J Streat. : , .
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara'Sii"
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. W
From June 1, 1838, trains will run as follows:^
South-bound. J North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. ! Sunday ■ Sta- ■ Sunday ger. •
Daily. Exc'ptd tions. Exc'ptd Dally...
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton j 3:45pm .":40pra
9:loam 12:50pm -""Merced 12:50pm 3:53 pm «
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:35 am GSspm Hanford ', 7:45 am I:2spm
2:45 pm 11:50 pm Bakersfleld * 2:30 am 10:15 am
Im 7:sopm Fresno . . 6:40 ami 2:2<) pm
m G:4spm Tfar.ford 7:4sam' l:2. r . pra
tn 11:50pm Bakersfleld 2:3oam|lo:i;>am
m 7:sopm Visalia S:4oam:l2:S.'i pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at C .
p. m.- dally; at Merced with stages to and from'
Snellings, Coulterville. Yosemite. etc. : also
with stage from Hornttos, Marlposa. etc. ; at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. '
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
• (Via Sausalito Ferry.) ;_*i' r
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1,
18S8: •■ . ~
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. • - '
Sundays— 8:00, 9:00, -10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market -
street, San Francisco.
1112
THE ARIZONA
WILL RECEIVE
TROOPS TD-DAY
Largest Steamer Ever
in the Harbor.
SAILS TO-MORROW MORNING
BHE CAN REACH MANILA IN
EIGHTEEN DAYS.
Has Been Transformed Into a First-
Class Troop Ship and the Sol
diers Will Have a Pleas
ant Trip.
Thf> troops who embark on the United
States transport Arizona to-day will
cross the Pacific to Manila on the largest
steamer that ever entered the harbor of
San Francisco. This magnificent vessel,
THE TRANSPORT STEAMER ARIZONA.
formerly an Atlantic liner of the Guion
Company, is 475 feet long over all. and
450 feet keel. She is one of the hand
somest specimens of vessel architecture
afloat, her lines being very graceful. Her
speed is fifteen knots an hour. She will
reach Honolulu in six days and Manila
in twelve days thereafter. She carries a
crew of 130 men.
The cost of the Arizona was nearly a
million dollars. The price paid for her
by the Government is a secret. She re
quired no repairs, but several improve
ments have been made in order to con
vert her into a first-class troop ship.
There have been put in 1630 patent Turner
berths, which have been supplied with
comfortable mattresses and bed cloth
ing. The vessel is thoroughly ventilated
throughout, the ten compartments being
supplied with four electric fans each.
The troops will certainly have a most
enjoyable trip. An extra electric light
plant has been installed, furnishing 260
additional lights. A strong searchlight
has also been added to the equipment of
the vessel.
Captain J. Barneson, who was recently
appointed to the command of the Ari
zona, began life as a seaman in 1975 on
the Australian cuast. For five years—
from 1880 to ISS5 — he sailed between Lon
don and Sydney, New South Wales. At
the end of this period he took command
of the ship George Thompson, running
tt r < Puget Sound, thereafter sailing be
tween America and Australia until I*3l,
when he engaged in the shipping busi
ness on the sound. For three y-ars ho
was Pilot Commissioner in the State of
Washington, and for four years he serv
ed as Deputy United States Shipping
Commissioner. His home is at Port
Townsend. where he was the agent for
Renton, Holmes & Co. of San Francisco.
The troops designated to sail on the
Arizona number 1206 men. They will
leave Camp Merritt some time this morn-
Ing and be on board before 4 o'clock this
afternoon. The vessel will then pull out
into the stream, and sail to-morrow
morning at about 10 o'clock.
Yesterday afternoon Company I of the
Eighteenth Infantry went on board to
act as a guard, relieving the guard from
the Fifty-first lowa, which returned to
camp.
FORMAL STEPS TAKEN.
The Claim of the Thomas
Family Against the Tennes-
see Regiment Is $3000.
In the case of the Thomas family, mal
treated by poldlers of the Tennessee
Regiment, formal complaint has been
filed with General Miller by Black &
Learning, counsel for the Afro-American
League, which is prosecuting the case.
The complaint asks that a board of offi
cers be appointed to fix the responsibility,
and suggests that a fair compensation
would be $6000. The damage to person
and property is lumped in one amount,
but under military law it will have to
be treated as two distinct cases. The
complaint nas been shown to Lieutenant
Barroll, Judge advocate of the independ
ent division, and It will now be formally
forwarded to Colonel Smith of the Ten
nessee Regiment, to ascertain if it was
the men of his regiment that were im
plicated in the affair. I'pon the report
of Colonel Smith that his men are the
responsible parties the board of officers
will be appointed by General Miller, un
der the fifty-fourth article of war, to as
sess the material damage done the prop
erty, and this will be paid pro rata by the
regiment.
As far as the damage done the person
of the Tnomua family is concerned, their
counsel -will have to Institute proceed
ings in some civil court. If they secure
judgment, then the property of the men
implicated can be attached, but their pay
cannot be touched. When the report of
Lieutenant Fowler, who is Investigating
the affair, is submitted to General Millar,
and charges have been formally preferred
by Colonel Smith, then General Miller will
cause the accused soldiers to be brought
before a court martial ami tried under
the sixty-second article of war, which
provides that soldiers guilty of the preju
dice of good order and military discipline,
shall be punished according to the nature
and degree of the offense and at the dis
cretion of the court. General Miller will
not make public the report of Lieutenant
Fowler.
A BRILLIANT CONCERT.
Given by the Fourth Cavalry
Band at the Presidio Yes
terday Afternoon.
The concert given by the Fourth Caval
ry Band, assisted by members of the
First Washington, Fifty-first lowa,
Twentieth Kansas and First Tennessee
regimental bands drew an immense
crowd of civilians to the Presidio yester
day afternoon. The concert was con
ducted by AY. S. Littleton, chief musician,
and the trumptfc corps was under the di
rection of Chief Trumpeter Sutherland.
The concert was an artistic success and j
Illustrated tho possibilities of a full regi- !
mental band, which was the primary ob
ject for which it was given. The opening
number was the march from "The Chief
tain" (Perkins), and was rendered with
tine effect. Haydn's "Symphony No. 2'
and the "Miserere" from "II Trovaton
were exceptionally fine, but the band best
demonstrated its "true spirit and scope In
its tone treatment of Handel's "Hallelu
jah Chorus" from "The Messiah." Sou
sa's "Semper Fldelis" was played with
un accompaniment of fifty trumpeters,
! and the effect produced by the volume of
such a large number of trumpets when
combined with the generalized harmony
1 of the whole band was decidedly Inspir
iting:. The crowd, the largest that has
ever attended a concert at the Pr<
numbering over 2000 persons, was enthu
1 siastlc in its approval of the concert, and
\ many expressed the desire for a frequent
j repetition of the entertainment.
A MILITARY FETE.
Brilliant Affair Arranged by
the Young Ladies' Relief
Society for To-Day in
Oakland. ■
The members of the Young Ladies' Re
lief Society of Oakland have perfected
final arrangements for the military fete
to be given at the Piedmont Springs Club
house this afternoon and evening, and the
affair promises to be a brilliant one. Two
hundred soldiers from Camp Barrett will
attend in a body. The lowa band will
play and the Tennessee Regiment is to
send its crack men for the great Zouave
drill in the afternoon. The Eighth Cali
fornia Regiment is to have present quite
a chorus.
The young ladies are at present caring
for a number of helpless families and
their cause is a very worthy one.
The committee of arrangements in
cludes Miss Jean Howard, Miss Grace
Gorrill, Miss Pauline Fore, Miss Irene
Baker, Miss Mary Randall, Miss Helen
Bell and Miss Jane Rawlings. The other
committees and those in charge of booths
are as follows:
Candy— Bertha MeElrath, Susan De Fremery,
Merle Morrison, Imogene Hawley, Florence
Low-den. Bessie Edelln.
Tea booth— Miss Florence Sharon, Gertrude
Allen. Sallie Quinan, Marian Randall, Lulta
Booth. Evelyn Crali?.
Lemonade— Caroline Colt, lone Fore, Sadie
Hale, Eleanor Fore. Marie Fore, Miss Kerby.
Fortune telling— Anita Lohsf, Daisy Cart
wrlfrht. Edith Roney. Gertrude Gould.
Graphophone— Ada Brown, Ethel Gage, Belle
Carpenter, Florence Edoft, Florence Mayhew ■
•
LIEUT. PEART REWARDED.
The Patriotic Soldier From
Woodland Honored by the
Citizens of His Town.
CAMP BARRETT, SATKER TRACT,
Aug. 10.— The patriotism shown by Lieu
tenant Peart of Woodland in deciding to
remain with the Kighth Regiment instead
of trotting home with his disgruntled
company is Just being appreciated by
Woodland citizens. A purse had been
raised some time ago with a view of pur
chasing swords, sword knots, belts and
revolvers for the boys, but this money
was not so used when all the company
and officers, save Peart, returned In
stead, that which had been intended for
the whole aggregation haf> been showered
upon Peart alone. The committee which
raised the money has decided that the en
tire sum should be applied to the equip
ping of this patriotic lieutenant, and he
nas now been Instructed to make a pur
chase of an outfit, including revolver
bolster, etc., to be paid for with the
money raised and which is at his dis
posal.
Red Cross Notes.
There has been realized about $10,noo
from the various entertainmpnts that
have been given for the benefit of the
Red Cross.
The Red Cross has given lunches to
49,415 men up to date, and to-day they
-will have on hand 1400 lunches for the
men who are to embark on the Arizona,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, AUG-UST 20, IBUB.
and 300 lunches for Battery A of the
Third Artillery, which sails for St. Mich
ael on the Humboldt.
The convalescent hospital at the Pre
sidio, the construction of which was be
pun yesterday, will be completed within
a week. The* San Francisco Red Cross,
in addition to paying its share of the
cosi of the building, will furnish the
dining room and the sitting room.
The Red Cross will send to Manila fif
teen nurses on the Arizona and the
Scandia.
War Incidents.
Daniel Walker, uncle of Private Apple
' pate, who died at the division field hospi
tal on Wednesday, has telegraphed the
authorities here to have the body em
balmed and shipped to his home at Oak
land, Or. The authorities are not al
lowed to do this, as the Government does
not pay the expense, and Walker has
been- notified that the funeral will be de
layed twenty-four hours pending instruc
tions from him as to whether he will pay
the necessary expenses to be incurred in
carrying out his wishes.
The First and Third Battalions of the
First Washington Regiment were paid
yesterday.
Colonel Funston. commanding the Sec
ond Brigade, has appointed a board of
officers to ascertain what property the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment received
from the State and what from the Gov
ernment.
Major Matthews in charge of the divi
sion field hospital, has had a consultation
with Lieutenant Colonel Middlcton, sur
geon-in-chief of the Independent division.
in regard to some much-needed repairs
and Improvements at the hospital, with
the result that Colonel Middleton has or
dered the purchase of 150 new beds and the
complete equipment of the surgical ward
with the latest and most modern appliances.
These Improvements will be made within
a week. The following deaths occurred at
the hospital yesterday: Private Charles
Mead, Company L. Second Oregon Regi
ment, broncho-pneumonia, following mea-
sles: Private "Walter S. Bell, Company H,
tta California, typhoid fever.
'in Saturday afternoon, August 27, the
drill and field tactirs by the Eighth Cali
fornia Regiment, Colonel Park Henshaw
commanding, will take place at Recrea
tion Park. The programme will be most
attractive. The occasion will also cele
brate the fall of Manila in connection
with which the Sixth California Regiment
bore so important a part. The drill is for
tii.- benefit of the work of the Army and
Navy Christian Commission.
Entertained lowa's Boys.
The ladies of the First Christian Church,
Twelfth street, entertained many mem
bers of the Fifty-first lowa Regiment,
United States Volunteers, last night.
There were exercises in the church audi
torium, after which refreshments were
served in the Sunday-school room. The
affair was under the direction of Mrs. W.
Forbes. Mrs. M. A. Nash, Mrs. F. S. Ford,
wife of the pastor; Mrs. I. K. Sanford,
Mrs. Davidson and Mrs. H. H. Hutchln
son.
HONORED A HERO.
The Gallant "Work of Frank Finlay at
Manila Remembered by His
Friends.
he members and friends of Martha
Washington Council No. 2. Daughters of
Liberty, held a grand jubilee last night
in honor of the heroic achievement of
Frank Finlay at the battle of Manila.
Th story of how Finlay, a private in
Company C, First California Volunteers,
brought ammunition across the field when
the fight was fiercest has already been
told and as he is a member of the
Daughters of Liberty and the Junior Or
der United American Mechanics his friends
in both organizations thought it fitting to
hoid a celebration at once in his honor.
The hall in the old Supreme Court build
ing was crowded, and the cclors of both
orders— rod, white and blue— were worn
by nil present. The opening address was
made by Mrs. Bowley, deputy State or-
Kanizer of the Daughters of Liberty. Her
address was a fitting eulogism of Private
Finlay, and each time the hero's name
was mentioned the wails were shaken by
a storm of applause.
A short entertainment was given, con
sisting of a piano solo by Miss Mearns.
vocal solo by Miss Ollie Patterson and
two sketches, "Conglomorama" and "The
Ghost in the Pawnshop," by Messrs. Bab
cock, Holden and Wilcox, of Company B,
New York Volunteers, after which the
floor was cleared for dancing. A number
| of the most prominent young men of both
orders were missing, but their absence is
easily accounted for— their names lead the
I muster roll of the California regiments.
Wheelock Is Without Funds.
Arthur J. Wheelock, the grain broker,
who is a defendant In a suit for divorce
tiled a few weeks ago, was up before
Judge Hunt yesterday on an order of ex-
amination. Wheelock's wife, who charges
him with infidelity, seeks to be granted
an allowance during the litigation, and it
was for this purpose that the grain
broker was sumihoned to court. Whee
lock failed in business about a year ago,
and It was thought that he had saved
money out of the wreck. He stated,
however, that he had no money, but
would endeavor to support his wife pend
ing the outcome of the litigation. Upon
traa promise the alimony proceeding was
indefinitely postponed.
Tiig crowds dally enjoy delicious 5e sweet
wines. Sample free with gallon or bottle. Mohns
& Kaltenbach, Family Liquors, 29 Market st.
HARNESS RACES
AT SACRAMENTO
Horses to Compete at
the State Fair.
LARGE LIST OF ENTRIES
FASTEST ANIMALS IN THE WEST
INCLUDED.
Secretary Edwin F. Smith Announces
the Trotting and Pacing Events
and the Probable
Starters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sacramento; Aug. 19.— entries
for the trotting and pacing races at the
State Fair are announced by Secretary
Edwin F. Smith as follows:
Monday. September 5.-3:00 class trot; mile
dash, purse — James Farls Jr.' a br. g. Sid
Durfee, M. Crow's b. s. Aggregate, E. N.
Smith's b. g Joe Selby, Rosedale Farm's b. m.
Bertha H, J. D. Carr'a blk. m. Sibyl S, C. L.
Griffith's eh. f. Bertnla. C. P. Chamberlain's
b. g. Roderick, Ira Pierce" b. m. Bonceline,
W. O. Durfee's b. m. Mamie Riley, L. E.
Clawson's b. m. Phoebe Childers, Alfred Davis*
eh. f. Qulltlcene. -tjiuyp
2:17 class trot; mile and repeat, puree $300—
H. H. Helman's blk. m. May B, XV. .1. Irvine's
b. g. Our Jack, D. E. Knight's b. g. Dalmont,
F. J. Vetter's b. m. Lou, J. M. Alvlso's b. m.
Little Miss, C L. Griffith's blk. g. Rect, J. B.
Iverson's hr. g. Prince Gift, Jam's Thompson's
b. s. Dexter D. E. P. Heald's blk. m. Myrtle
Thorne.
3:00 class pace; mile dash, purse $300— C.
Stock's b. m. Topsy I. Thomas Smith's rh. s.
Gaff Topsail. L. Hearty's b. s. Thomas H, F.
S. Crawford's b. s. Don, G. "Wempe's br. m.
Belle W. Mrs. Margaret Adams' br. m. Lady
Margaret, L. E. Clawson's blk. m. Mia Louise.
2:18 class pace: mile dash, purse $300— John
Delano's b. s. Captain Haekett: J. M. Nelson's
br. s. I Direct; Dr. A. M. McCollum's b. s.
Dave Ryan; O. J. Holmes' eh. s. DHLwood;
John Baker's br. m. Bastlna. Henry Edelman's
b. g. You Bet, W. Mastln's b. g. At>llne, Mrs.
E. I. Atkins' b. m. Bess Hi W. H. Gaffe
b. g. Munron, E. Schmidt's blk. g. Fitz Ay
man, L. F. Clapp's b. g. Billy Baker, J.
O' Kane's eh. g. Peanuts. J. B. Iverson's eh.
f. Dictatress, R. Garnspy's eh. g. Nutway, Ira
Pierces blk. s. Beau Brummel, E. P. Heald'a
b. g. Charles David.
Wednesday, September 7. 2:25 class, trot;
mile dash, purse $300— James Farls Jr.'s br. g.
Sid Durfee, E. N. Smith's b. g. Joseph Selby.
Rosedale Farm's b. m. Diana, Con Hawkins'
br. g. Harry Marvin, Clarence Tynan's b. g.
Shelby. A. J. Hudson's blk. g. Bobby J. A. G.
Gumett's gr. g. Who Is It. H. H. Hel man's
b. m. Menlo Belle, Walnut Grove Stock Farm's
b. m. Lottfe, Ira Pierces b. m. Bonsellne. W.
G. Durfee's b. m. Mamie Rlley, L. E. Claw
son's b. m. Phoebe Childers.
2:20 class, trot; mile dash, purse $300— H. H.
Helman's blk. m. May B, E. V. Jacob's b. s.
Dr. J. D E. Knight's b. m. Silver Queen.
Clarence Tynan's b. r.. Shelby, A. J. Hudson's
blk. g. Bobby J, P. J. Williams' b. m. Desda
mona, A. G. Gurnett's gr. g. Who Is It.
James Thompson's b. s. Dexter D, Vendome
Stock Farm's b. s. Iran Alto.
2:30 class pace; mile dash, purse $300— James
Farls Jr.'s b. m. Clara H. Thomas Smith's
eh. 8. Gaff Topsail, L. Hearty's b. s. Thomas
H. John Lelung'* b. s. Captain Haekett, George
Frank's b. g. Harry J, Charles A. Fuchs' b.
m. Regina F. Joseph Fisher's br. g. Silas
Skinner, G. Wempe's br. m. Belle W. C. P.
Chamberlain's b. g. Roderick, Mrs. Margaret
Adams' br. m. Lady Margaret, L. E. Claw
son's blk. m. Mia Louise.
2:12 class pace; mile and repeat, purse $400—
W. P. Warner's F W. J. M. Nelson's b. s.
HIJo del Diablo, R. Garnsey's b. m. Floracito.
Maxwell & Slmpklns' b. m. Betty Gentry, J.
B. Nightingale's b. a. Prince Almont. John
Baker's br. m. Beach wood, Henry Edelman's
blk. m. Sophia R. H. W. Lawrence's eh. g.
Bernard, Park Henshaw's b. s. Fitz Lee. XV.
B. Maben's b. s. Rex Alto, Vendome Stock
Farm's b. m. Much Better, C. M. Ryder's b.
s. De Bernardl, James Thompson's b. g. Little
Thorne.
Friday. September 2:10 class trot: mil* and
repeat, purse 1400 — E. Erlaneer's br. *. Toggles,
George T. Becker's br. s. Zombro, P. J. Will
iams' eh. s. Monterey. B. Erkenbrecher's blk.
m. Galette, Park Hensh&w's blk. m. Maml»
Griffin.
2:40 class trot; mile dash, purse $300— James
Farts Jr.'s b. g. Sid Durree; M. Crow's b. s.
Aggregate; E. N. Smith's b. g. Joe Shelby,
Rosedale Farm's b. m. Bertha R, Con Haw
kins' br. g. Harry Marvin. Clarence Tynan's
b. g. Shelby, B. P. Vandercook Co.' b. m.
Viva V, J. D. Carr's blk. m. Slbyle S. C. L.
Griffith's eh. f. Bertlna, C. M. Ryder's b. s.
Homeway, R. Garneey's blk. f. Necretta, Ira
Pi<»r>-e's b. m. Bonceline, W. G. Durfee's b. m.
Mamie Klley, L. E. Clawson's b. m. Phoebe
Childers.
2:16 class trot; mile dash, purse $300 — George
H. Fox's b. 8. Silver Bow, M. H. Helman's
blk. m. May B, W. J. Irvine's b. g. Our Jack,
F. J. Vetter's b. m. Lou, P. J. Williams' b.
m. Silver Ring, Charles A. Hug's b. h. Mojave,
J. M. Alvlso's b. m. Little Miss. C. L. Grif
fith's blk. g. Rect, J. B. Iverson's br. g. Prince
Gift.
2:14 class pace; mile dash, purse $300— R.
Garnsey's b. m. Floraclto, Maxwell & Simp
kins' b. m. Betty Gentry J. B. Nightingale's
b. .s. Prince Almont, .John Baker's br. m.
Reach wood, Henry Edelman's blk. m. Sophia
It, Park Henshaw's b. s. Fitz Lee, W. S. Ma
ben's b. s. Rex Alto, Vendome Stock Farm's
b. m. Much Better, James Thompson's b. g.
Little Thorne, I. H. Mulhollland's b. s. Osito.
2:17 clans pace; mile dash, purse $300— Thomas
Smith's eh. s. Gaff Topsail, F. S. Crawford's
b. 8. Don. J. M. Nelson's br. s. I Direct, Dr.
A. M. MoCoUuin's b. s. Dave Ryan, O. J.
Holmes' eh. s. Diawood, John Baker's br. m.
Bastlna, Henry Edelman's b. g. You Bet, W.
Maben's b. g. Abdine, Mrs. E. I. Atkins' b. m.
Bess H. W. H. Gpffett's b. g. Munyon, E.
Schmidt's blk. g. Kit!: Ayman, H. W. Law
rence's eh. g. Bernard, L. F. ('lapp's b. g.
Billy Baker, J. O'Kane's eh. g. Peanuts, W. S.
Maben's b. a. Rex Alto, J. B. Iverson's eh. f.
Dlctatress, C. M. Ryder's b. ». De Bernardi
Bassler, R. Garnsey's eh. g. Nutway, E. P.
Heald's b. g. Charles David.
Monday, September 12—2:30 class trot; mile
dash, purse $300— James Farls Jr.'e br. g. Sid
Durfee, M. Crow's b. 8. Aggregate. E. N.
Snath's b. g. Joe Shelby, Rosedale Farm's b. m.
Diana. Con Hawkins 1 br. g. Harry Marvin.
Clarence Tynans b. g. Shelby, A. J. Hudson's
blk. g. Bobby J, E. P. Vondercook Co.'s b. m.
Viva V. R. Garnsey's blk. f.. Necretta, Ira
Pierce' b. m. Bonceline. W. G. Durfee's b. m.
Mamie Riley, L. E. Clawson's b. m. Phoebo
Chllders.
2:17 class trot; mile dash, purse $300—11. H.
Helman's blk. m. May B. W. J. Irvine's b. g.
Our Jack, D. E. Knight's b. g. Dalmont, F. J.
Vetter's b. m. Lou. J. Starr's b. s. Our Lucky,
P. J. Williams' b. m. Desdemona.J.M. Al
vlso's b. m. Little Miss, C. L. Griffith's b. g.
Jib Albert, J. B. Iverson's br. g. Prince Gift,
James Thompson's b. s. Dexter D. E. P.
Heald's blk. m. Myrtle Thorne.
2-25 class pace: mile dash, purse $300— James
Farls Jr.'s b. m. Clara H, Thomas Smith's
eh. m. Gaff Topsail, L. Hearty's b. 8. Thomas
H. George Frank's b. g. Harry J. Charles A.
Fuchs' b. m. Reglna F. Joseph Fisher's br. g.
Silas Simon. G. Wempe a br. m. Belle .Wal
nut Grove Stock Farm's b. m. Majella B, C.
P. Chamberlain's b. g. Roderick. Mrs. Mar
garet Adam's br. m. Lady Margaret, L. E.
Clawson's blk. ro. Mia Louise.
2:15 class pace; mile dash, purse $300— J M.
Nelson's br. s. I Direct. O. J. Holmes' eh. s.
Dlawood, Maxwell & Slmpklns' b. m. Betty
Gentry, John Baker's br.m Beachwood, Henry
Edelman's blk. m. Sophia R. Mr*. C. White
head's b. s. Delphi, H. W. Lawrence's eh. g.
Bernard. J. O' Kane's eh g. Peanuts W. S.
Maben's b. a. Rex Alto. ,T. B. Iyerson eh. f
Dlctatress, Vendome Stock Farm s b. m. Much
Better, C. M. Ryder's b. a. De Bernardl Bass
ler James Thompson's b. m. Primrose, Fred
Dons' b. m. Juliet D.
Wednesday, September N— 2:22 class trot;
mile dash, purse $300-S. J. Dunlan a b. m. Lls
terlne, E. V. Jacob' 8 b. s. Dr. J. E. N. Smith a
-b. g. Joe Selby. F. E. Wright's br. g. Los
Angeles, D E. Knight's eh. g. Lynall, Clar
ence Tynan's b. k. Shelby. A. J. Hudson's blk.
g. Bobby J. A. G. Gurnett's gr. g. Who Is It.
E. Topham's b. g. Ned Thorn. W alnut Grove
Stock Farm's blk. m. Sable Francis.
2:14 class trot; mile and repeat, purse $400—
George H. Fox's b. a. Silver Bow, P. J. Will
iams' eh. s. Monterey. Charles A Hug b^ h.
Mojave, H. Schlosser's b. a. Clay S. C. A Dur
fee's b. m. Miss Jessie. J. B Iverson s br. g.
Prince Gift. Vendome Stock Farm a eh. a.
2- > 27 IP cIMB trot; mile dash, purse $300-James
Faris Jr.'s br. g. Rid Durfee, M. Crow b. s.
Aggregate. Rose Dale Farm b. m. Bertha R,
Con Hawkins' br. g. Harry Marvin. Clarence
Tynan's b. g. Shelby. H. H. Helman a b. m.
Menlo Belle, C. M. Ryder's b. a Homeway.
Ira Pierre's b. m. Bonceline, W. G. Durfee
b. m. Mamie Riley, L. E. Clawson's b. m.
P 2r2olla C ss pa": mile dash, purse $300-Jame S
Faria Jr.'s b. m. Clara H. Thomas Smith eh.
* Oa.rf ToDsail F S. Crawford's b. s. Don. J.
M Nelsons br. I' I Direct OX Holmes' eh.
s. Diawood, George Frank b. g. Harry J,
Charles A. Fuchs' b m._Regina F. Mr... E. I.
Atkins' b m Bess H, W. H. Gaffetts b. g.
Munvon. E. Schmidt' a blk. Fit. Ayman. H.
H Helman's blk. m. Llndo. R. Garnsey eh.
«T Nutway Ira Pierces blk. *. Beau Brummel,
•p.' p Hea da b. g. Charles David.
2-14 class pace.- mile dash, purse $300-R.
n,; n , ', b m. Floradta. Maxwell A Simp
kins 7 % m. Betty Gentry. T. B. Nightingale's
b. a. Prince Almont. -John... Baker's br. m.
Beachwood. Henry Edelman a blk. m. : Sophia
R • H W. Lawrence's eh. g. Bernard, Park
Henshaw'* b. a. Fitz Lee. J. O'Kane's eh. g.
Peanuts W. S. Maben's b. s. Rex Alto, J. B.
Iverson's ch.f. Dlctatress, Vendome Stock
Farm's b. m. Much ■ Better. C. M. Ryder's b.
s. De Bernardi Bassler, James Thompson's b.
g. Little Thorne, James Thompson's b. m.
Primrose.
Friday, September IS.— Free for all trot: mile
and repeat, purse $400— E. Erlanger's br. g.
Toggles, George T. Becker's br. s, Zombro,
P. J. Williams' eh. s. Monterey, B. Erken
brecher's blk. m. Galette, Park Henshaw's
blk. m. Mamie Griffin.
2:16 class trot; mile dash, purse $300— H. H.
Helman's blk. m. May B, XV. J. Irvine's b. g.
Our Jack. J. L. Smith's b. s. George Wash
ington, F. J. Vetter's b. m. Lou. J. Starr's
b. s. Our Lucky, P. J. William."' b. m Silver
Ring, Charles A. Hug's b. h. Mojave, C. L.
Griffith's Mk. g. Rect, J. B. Iverson's br. g.
Prince Gift.
2:20 class trot: two-mile dash, purse $300—
James Farls Jr.'s br. g. Sid Durfee, E. V.
Jacobs' b. s. Dr. J. F. E. Wright's br. g.
Los Angeles, P. J. Williams' b. m. Desdemona.
E. Topham's b. g. Ned Thorne, C. A. Owens'
b. m. Nellie Bly.
2:23 class pace; mile dash, purse $300— James
Faris Jr.'s b. m. Clara H. Thomas Smith's eh.
s. Gaff Topsail, L. Hearty's b. s. Thomas 11,
George Frank's b. g. Harry J. Charles A.
Fuchs' b. m. Regina F, Joseph Fisher's br. g.
Silas Simons. G. \V»mpe's br. m. Belle W.
Walnut Grove Stock Farm's b. m. Majella B,
C. P. ChamberLafn's blk. h. .Leonel, Mrs. Mar
garet Adams' br. m. Lady Margaret, L. E.
Clawson'B blk. m. Mia Louise.
SANTA ROSA'S RACE
MEET BEGINS TODAY
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 10.-Thl« city is in
readiness for the race meet, which will
begin to-morrow and continue all next
week under the auspices of the Pacific
Coast JTrotting Horse Breeders' Associa
tion. The meet promises to be the most
successful ever held in Sonoma County.
Horsemen are arriving on every train.
The accommodations at the track, which
has for years been recognized as one of
the fastest and best in the State, are al
ready taxed to their utmost, and late ar
rivals are compelled to take "pot luck. '
Over a hundred horses are now quartered
in the stables connected with the Santa
Rosa stock farm, upon whose premises
the track is located.
Following are the entries for to-mor
row's races:
2:19 class; peeing, purse, $300— B. g. Charles
David, b. s. Beau Brummel. br. m. Bastina.
eh. g. Nutway, br. m. Bess H, b. g. Billy
Baker, br. 8. 1 Direct, bl. m. Llndo, hi. g.
Fitz Amyon, eh. g. Peanuts, b. g. Captain
Hackett.
2:13 class: pacing, purse $300— Bl. m. Sophia
R. b. g. Plunkett, b. m. Beachwood. b. m.
Floraclta. b. g. F W, b. h. Rex Alto. b. g.
Flti I^ee. b. m. Much Better.
Free for all; trotting, purse $300 — Ch. s. Mon
terey, br. s. Zombro, bl. m. Mamie Griffin, eh.
s. Thompson.
2:18 class; trottlnr, pur?e, $300— B. g. Day
mont. gr. g. Who Is It, hi. m. May B, b. "g.
Our Jack. bl. m. Myrtle Thorne.
ALL KINDS OF SPORT.
Swimmers Elect Officers — A Fast Fly-
ing Pigeon Has a Long Voyage.
The Triangle Swimming Club met in
the Young Men's Christian Association
building last evening and elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year:
President, Dr. H. L. Dletz; vice-presi
dent, D. J. Miller; captain, Ambrose M.
Barnett; secretary, John A. Jackson;
swimming instructor, Professor Henry
Mero. On Tuesday evening next the
club will give a series of races. Reuben
Robs will race Emil C. Stenberg fifty
yards. J. A. Jackson, E. M. Jacobs and
George Harris will meet in an under
water race. There will be an open 100
yard dash, besides diving and relay rac
ing.
When the transport Australia sailed
for Manila she had four homing pigeons
on board, the property of H. C. Worth,
1310 Golden Gate avenue. Three were
liberated, but the fourth was kept until
the return of the steamer on Wednesday
morning last. When the shore was
sighted the bird was liberated, and true
to instinct it made a straight line for
its home, which it reached after a fly of
several miles. The bird had been con
fined In a small box for three months,
and it was a surprise to all to see It fly
so well.
Frank McConnell, the clever welter
weight, has broken away from Alexander
Greggalns, and will in future manage his
own affairs.
A match race of 100 yards was run at
Washington, Cal., last Sunday. The con
testants were W. L. Heyward of Alta
and Phil Bradley of Washington. The
Alta man won easily by five yards. Con
siderable money changed hands.
Electric Laundry Sued.
B. B. Gallaud, as assignee of the Mer
cantile Toilet Company, has sued the
Electric Laundry Company,, to recover
$10,000 damages for breach of contract.
The plaintiff alleres that, in March of
1595 the Mercantile Toilet Company and
the Electric Laundry Company entered
into a contract in which the defendant
corporation agreed to furnish the Mer
cantile Toilet Company with all steam
power and water necessary to carry on
its business, the consideration for which
was $50 a month. On the Ist inst. the de
fendant corporation broke its agreement
and refused to further furnish the power,
it Is alleged, and the Mercantile Toilet
Company was forced to move its plant,
which resulted in its damage to the ex
tent of the sum sued for.
Died in the Patrol Wagon.
Eva Ryan, aged 24 years, died In the
patrol wagon while being taken from the
City Prison to the Receiving Hospital last
night. The unfortunate woman was ar
rested at an early hour yesterday after
noon on charges of disturbing the peace
and vagrancy. While confined in the
City Prison last night she was seized with
fits and Desk Sergeant Bidwell ordered
her taken to the Receiving Hospital.
While on the way she died and her body
was sent to the Morgue.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 19.
fichr Reporter, Dahloff, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Friday. August 19.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ETTREKA— Arrived Aug 19— Schr Ida McKay,
front Huincir.e
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTJSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Ftandsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1911 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tmtll 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
■treets. open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Decree Lodge No. 2, -s^US&j.
1 O. O. F.. THIS EVENING. JSggSs&Ji
Third degree will be conferred. "^^Wfe-^
A. K. KINOSFORD. D. M. <V/IV^'
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Seaman's
Friend Society will be held in the parlors of
the Sailors' Home on WEDNESDAY, August
24, at 3 p. m.
MRS. W. H. BARNES, Cor. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission street, San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY, August 23. 1898.
at 8 O'clock p. m.. for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will close. Friday, August
19. 1898. at 4 p. m. By order of the board
of directors. / M. C. GORHAM, Secy.
~ SPECIAL. NOTICES. ~~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, . $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (6<fce~nt»
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
327 Market st., on and after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1, 189 S. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26, IS?S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 68 (60c per
share) of the Hntehlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. on and after Satur-
day, August 20, . 1S»8.
Transfer books will close on Saturday Au-
gust 13. 1358, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT second girl, best .of reference"
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO '
316 Butter st. ; *
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day-
good washer. Ironer. Call at 7 California.'
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG womnn wishes a situation for second
work and waiting or sewing: good references.
Call between 10 a. m. and i p. m. at 545 Na-
toma St., between Sixth and Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl wishes place to do
second work or housework; wages $25. 1215|_
Mission st.
YOUNG German woman with a child wants a
position as housekeeper or to cook on a
ranch. 85< Mission st.
YOUNG lady with experience and good refer-
ences wishes to take charge of rooming
house; salary moderate. Landlady, 23 Stocktn.
AN educated, refined Catholic young lady
wishes to be nurse to children not younger
than 4; best references. Address 400 Sutter.
REFINED and educated lady wishes position
as companion to invalid lady or child. HAT-
TEBH COOKE. USE Jackson st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position
as working housekeeper or to cook on a
ranch; city or country. Call at 415 Natoma st.
RELIABLE woman wishes washing, ironing or
housecleaning by the day. 400 Golden Gate
aye., downstairs.
COMPETENT dressmaker makes children's
dresses; fitted at their homes. Address 387
Hayes st.
WOMAN wishes houseeleantng by the day. $1
and car fare, no washing; or chamborwork
in hotel or lodging house part ot the day;
sleep home; $4 a week. Apply at 546 Cali-
fornia st.
REFINED lady of good disposition would like
position as lady's helping companion or care
of Invalid; references exchanged. Box 247,
Call office.
LADY of experience and ability would like a
position as managing housekeeper in hotel
or lodging house: city or country. Address
box 711, Call Office.
TRUSTWORTHY elderly lady. Protestant. !
wishes light place in nice family. Address 23
Ferric st., off Point Lobos aye.; upper flat.
WOMAN wants housework in the country; is
a good cook. 1 Essex place.
WOMAN wishes flannels to wash; without
shrinking; also mending. 39 Fulton st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V. O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
WANTED — By man and wife, a situation In a
camp; wife Is a good cook and man Is
handy with tools; is a first-class fireman and
is handy around an engine, and is willing [
to make himself generally useful. Address
J. C, box S, Call of flee. Oakland.
ENGINEER wants steady position; 16 years'
experience: can run compound or condensing;
practical machinist: also understands the
care of nearly all wood working machinery.
Address H. A., box 5u05, Call office.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands rose house,
grepn house flower garden, budding, grafting,
propagating fruit and vegetable growing;
bf>st of reference. Box 195, Call office.
CATHOLICS— WiII some charitable Catholic
give me employment of any kind? Am flrst-
class butler; two years in last place; not
afraid of work. Box 240. Call office.
SOBER Frenchman 56 years old: first-class ref-
erences; as gardener, or indoor work; would j
like steady place In good family. A.
VITTU, 540 Washington st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober and industrious,
good coachman or gardener, wants position In
private family; good references. Address L.
8., 7M Mission r,t.
FINE cake baker and ornamenter, elderly man,
wants a situation; wages reasonable. Please
inquire or nddress Cake Baker, 1616 Stockton.
I'< 'HITION wanted as driver: take care of
horses or tend garden; 6 years in one place;
references if required. Box 211, fall office.
FIRST-CLASS Oerman gardener, good propa-
gator; can milk, run a gasoline engine and
take care of horses. A'Mr-.-:-s box 225, Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist, toolmaker, elec-
trician, wants position as engineer, etc. Box
203. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young man
as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A. D.,
812 Kearny st.
WILLING young- man. able to keep books,
wishes a start In a business house; employ-
er's t»rms accepted; beet of references. Ad-
dress C, box 7, Call office, Oakland.
STEADY young man wishes eltuatlon as
coachman or stableman: thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses; city or country;
good references. Box 246, Call office^
YOUNG man. 22 years old. wishes position as
assistant engineer: understands surveying;
good mechanic: moderate salary and perma-
nent place. Box 245. Call office^
GENERAL dry goods salesman, speaking
French, Italian and English, desires sltua-
tlon: first rate references. Box 9999. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation as assistant
plumber; has had some experience; refer-
ences. Address J. L. V., 20 Market^s^
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment about
private place; single; reliable; references.
Address box 245. Call office^
BRIGHT German boy of good parentage wishes
to learn drug business. Please address Z.,
box 48. Call office^
YOUNG man, Scandinavian, can speak Eng-
lish, German, French. Spanish and Italian,
wants situation of any kind in hotel or else-
where. Address 506 Howard st.
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition in private place as gardener and man
about place. Address E. C. box 9. Call of-
fice, Oakland.
POSITION wanted In furniture or second-hand;
first-class hand In iitove repairing, woodwork
or upholstering-. 1510 Howard st.
WANTED — Position as engineer with some
mine or factory by a young man of steady
habits; can sharpen tools If necessary, or fill j
any place about mine or mill: can give best '
of "references. PERRY SHERMAN. El Do-
rado. El Dorado, Co., Cal.
RELIABLE man wants situation as valet,
servant, private secretary or tutor; aged 54
years; speaks French, German. Italian and
English; fair education; good nurse. Address
229 Fourth st. JOSEPH P. GRISON.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient nnd respectable; free 'bus
and barrage to and from f«rry.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK. $55; Belvedere, $20; Alameda,
$2."- 12 houstwork girls, city and cruntry, $20
and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; no wash. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $30; ranch, good place.
MISS CULLEN, 32."i Sutter St.
NURSE, $13; nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK, small restaurant, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding house, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
TWO chambermaids, wait 1 meal $20 each
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist, $12. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL assist light work: good home; can get 2
music lessons per week. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
C. X HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.. want to-
day !
2 waitresses. Southern f al.'. "fare paid.. . . $20
15 waitresses, commercial hotels, country. .s2o
3 chambermaids to wait, country $20
2 waitresses, city. $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; cook, small restaurant, $25 and
found
Hotel laundress, plain washing and ironing!
t». C. H. HANSEN Sc CO.. 104 Geary st
6 RESPECTABLE young- women who want to
learn to wait at table; no office fee charged;
board but no wages until competent. Apply
__to_C-_R : _HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
25 HOUSE QIRLS nnd cooks, $25; 15 house
girls. $20: 2n young girls to assist. $12 and $15.
C R. BANBEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
TiI. LIE JOHNSON, waitress, late from Row-
ardennan, please cail to-day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., Jo4j;eary st.
LAUNDRESS, private~iamily, $25, see lady
here at 10:30 to-day: polisher for laundry. ]
$3."i. and a large number of cooks, second
girls, nurses, waitresses and chambermaids in
hotels and restaurants, and girls for house-
work. J. F. CROSKTT _ CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Stenographer young lady, for nice
place, $20 or $25 and board. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter rt.
TO the best hop fields in California; women,
children and families; $1 per 100 pounds:
good camping ground, etc.; see the mana-
ger at our office. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Mother and daughter or 2 women
to work for an institution near city at $60
__perjnonth. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 25 girls to fill good situations in
families. MRS. HIRD. 631 Lark'.n.
4 WAITRESSES good country- hotels. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny St.
WANTED— To-day, attractive young lady to
assist managing roadhouse near city; piano
Player preferred ; steady, beneficial home.
See proprietor 357 Market at., room 43* j
HEW WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on trait.
at CUTTING FRUIT PACKING CO.. UM
Harrison at.
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Callfornian Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts. .
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, who cuts by tha
McDowell system, to sew by the day. Ad-
dress box 235. Call office.
WANTED — girl to assist In housework.
2907 Folsom st.
GIRL for light housework. Apply at 3321
Twenty-third st.
MAN and wife for country place, $25; 5 girls,
second work. $12 and $15. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— girl to assist a lady in light
housework. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— girl to do light housework.
220 Twenty-seventh st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36i_ Fremont st.
3_ONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip- •
tions and want ads taken..
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY.. MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
800 men for Arizona ••-•
96 tie makers Sc, 9c and lie each
68 woodchoppers, tools furnished
$2 50, $1 25 and $1 cord
12 teamsters, city Jobs $175 and $150 day
9 laborers, city Jobs $175 and $160 day
6 choremen, city and country Jobs
$10 and $15 and found
2 boys to do chores on ranches
$10 and $12 and found
5 milkers and butter makers -
$30 and $25 and found
3 experienced Sultana dippers
3 men for drying yards, orchards, etc
20 men to hoe beans, etc $20 and found
Peach tree budder, orchard $26 and found
Man to work in wine cellar $20 and found
12 farm hands $26. $25 and $20 and found
$3 day Hay balers $3 day
23 laborers for sawmills and woods
$26 and found
Man to care for 3 stage horses.. sls and found
Man to do chores around hotel.. sls and found
2 boys to learn trades in San Francisco
' $3 week
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY WAITERS WE WANT
5 hotel waiters, country $30 and found
2 waiters for bakeries
$7 week and $25 and found
Waiter to act as head waiter $30 and found
5 waiters and boys for plain places
$20 and $15 and found
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS TO-DAY COOKS
We want 5 hotel cooks
$60, $45 and $30 and found
2 camp cooks. .s4o and $35 and found
3 restaurant c00k5... 59 and $8 week
Cook for a delicacy store $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
PASTRY cook $40 and found, country
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGLISHMAN as waiter for a mine. $30 and ,
found; all English officers. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 GREAT Railroads in California
36 Muckers Good wages
14 Pickers Good wages
54 Teamsters Good wages
Free Fare Free
Full particulars at MURRAY & READY'S,
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE HOP FIELDS
And have a grand outing
And make big money; 60 men and boys, wo-
men and girls, single and married, families
and parties; fare, $1; see manager of these
great' hop fields and yards at our office.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Only 50c office fee charged on hop Jobs.
25 FRUIT pickers $_ and found
Later on pick grapes for a great orchard an 1
vineyard. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
Clay st.
FREE Fare Free Fare
65 2-horse teamsters. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
STATE GOVERNMENT WORK
5 men to blast rock, etc. special railroad
rates. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
YES The Mines The Mines
The gold mines and fields in California are
the best places you can go to. Why? We
have sent 1926 laborers and miners to work
this year. We now want 186 laborers for
different mines; no experience required; wages
From $2 50 day
Special reduced railroad rates. Come and get
full particulars from MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WINEMAKER with California experience, see
party here, $35 to $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
IRONER, fancy waists, Troy machine, $40 and
found; polisher, $35: hand laundry man. $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
5 LABORERS, near city, $1 a day and board.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXTRA waiters. C. R. HANSEN *& CO., 104
Geary st.
SECOND cook, hotel, north, $30; second cook,
country restaurant, $50 and room; cook, $11 a
week; second cook and baker, fare paid, $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $90. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st. __
10 LABORERS and 10 teamsters for the Coast
road; free fare: regular wages. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
1000 LABORERS and rockmen for work on the
Skaguay, Alaska, railroad, and the British
Columbia railroads. For particulars apply to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary et.
20 SCRAPER teamsters for new railroad work
in California: free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— sheep herders. $20 and found: 3
slackwork coopers; 2 carpenters. $1 50 day
and board: miners; laborers for mines, »l re,
$2 day; man for factory and wife to run
board Ins-house, and others. Apply to J. tr.
CROSETT _ CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED-Neat young American barkeeper.
$30 and found: 2 cooks, country hotel. $39 and
$40; short-order cook. $7: vegetable man $2.-. .
night cook. $6 week: 2 neat £ al^ s6s 6 n £
$90, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED-2 furnacemen for a mine $45 and
found; 1 furnaceman for mine. Jfirt, half rare
r.ai<l- 2 laborers, same place, ♦- per <i«3.
Sers: ggyg^^^^
w i^f?^_rii.^«'^w_ss_s. n w r
D EWER * CO. 626 Clay st.
WANTED-3 waiters, city. $20, $35 and MO:
Vrrller rrtr tM: second cook, country, $lv a .
S-cookf Plain hotel. $30; restaurant cock. 1
$10 a week; pot washer. $20 : dishwasher $20 f*>
TrL,hm»n'tn cook. etc., $20; shirt polisher.
countrvtS: shirt ironer. $35, city, and others.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
TO co to-day, fare $2— Fireman for sawmill,
it- to iV 5 laborers for woods. $20 and board:
lO^axmen to make laggings. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 608-610 Clay st. _
« MPV to Pick 200 tons of French prunes In
A ameda County. $1 50 a ton. R. T. WARD
2- CO., 6QS-610 Clay st.
YOUNG porter, city hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
VIGHT clerk for country hotel, $20. HOTKL
- GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon in city;
must have city references: $30 per month and
found: must not be under 20 years of age.
Address, stating references and experience,
box 234, Cail office.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods salesman.
At ply Sunday from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at
WEINSTOCK. LUBIN & CO."S, corner Mar-
ket and Taylor .
WANTED— Good barber; young man Preferred;
wages $7 a week and board. Comer Thir-
tieth and San Jose. ■-■__: - _
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1211 Market
St., near Eighth. .
BARBER for Saturday. U59% Folsom st.
BARBER for Saturday: may be steady. 21T
Fourth st. .
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1326
Pacific st. ■ ;
GOOD barber wanted at 114 Halleck St., from
8 a. m. :■■- '
ELDERLY man. help in house, do chores small
dairy; $10. Ellis Bakery, cor. 2d & Stevenson.
PRESSER wanted orTla. lies' cloaks Apply at
once to L. HOROVITZ, 7 a l Market st. ■ J^
EXPERIENCED man for produce and com-
mission business; references. Box Call.
VARNISHER. 410 Post st., immediately.
WANTED— Young man of good . address. 842
Post i"»HELP WASTED- Continued.
'RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and j
... 30 years, who are citizens of the United j
v 'States, or those who have legally declared .
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak. 1
" read and write English, and be between a
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
• information apply at the recruiting office, 20
.: 'Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
TAILOR and presser wanted on custom coats.
477 Tehama st.
•WANTED — Operators on custom coats. 604 j
, Jessie "st., cor. Seventh.
WAITER wanted. 47 Stockton st.
' WANTED— At 14 Hayes st., a live solicitor to
'■. take orders for fun.- pieces; liberal com-
mission.
.WANTED Men to learn barber trade; easy
..terms. 1542 Market St.
-.WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed Hoik.:. Reno House proprietor, run I
. 'runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large |
; rooms; 25c per night: $l_to_s3_perjweek.
' WANTED— Salesman for furniture department;
'• one that keeps stock: also wrap and pacK
furniture. Apply at 523 Market St.. room ..
. .from I to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; ■-'•; employ-
•■ m-t. H. Berr.ard. Sec . 104 Tthj te_ Jegsle U64.
.BARBERS' As« n~Free Employm'} Office S.
' ' FUCHS. Sec., 825 Grant l aye.: i tel. Grant - is«-
' WANTED Men I sausages, hams and ba-
con on commission or salary, a " at -JO
Sixth st. •
ABLE and ordinary seamen at HANSEN'B. 17
Vallejo st.
HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. LIEBOLD HAR-
NESS CO., 211 Larkin St.
SPINNERS wanted Address Oregon City
Woolen Mills. Oregon City. Or.
MEN'S fine c7\Tiho^ to order, $2 5-5; men's
.soling. 35c: only one t-rlce. '' ■■'•' Howard st.
TO tallor-s— Co.itrn.okers wanted. Apply at
11 a. ni at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAR! LYONS. 721 Market St.
• WANTED ■ Montana House, 764% Mission
st men to take rooms; We. 15c and 25c per
. night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week. ____-
"MONEY on diamonds. Bcalskins. watches and
: Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
■ S VILORS ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
' .Australia, Europk HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade in ? weeks. San
■ ' ■ Franolsco Barber College. 135% Eighth st
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
.- 'LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
■■E-INGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
• room. 25c nipht. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
--. TRY Acme House. 951 Market St.. below Sixth,
' for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
"WANTED— To c Heel wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and r. night: 75c and $1
week. LlndeU House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
• -Market: 200 rooms. 2"c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
• 539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
PuViycrlptlona nn<l ads tnk.-n.
1 I M TUB WANTED.
CAPH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
.' COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
I' BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
rhir '■■ 1 !?. 1057 Market Ft.: tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS WANTED.
■ "PROFICIENT musician, excellent pianist; In-
strurtlon for meals or room. Box 243. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY wants board and lodging in home of
gentle people in San Francisco. D. E., box
• - 9. Call office. Oaklnd.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand, 109 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS -we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 ptr month, we ask you to investi-
ca'. • and approve this method; prices are the
- same as if purcha ■•■! for all cash; bargains
•' in g-ood second-bar; 1 uprig-ht3 upon same easy
ray-nents and son: j good pianos for S3, $4 and
■ $5 tor month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., :
Stein way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
' -Ets., San Franc.'3co, and Thirteenth and
Broadway,'-' Oakland. j
■ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
„...- of Chicago is KOHLER > CHASE'S.
?6. 2$ and 30 ■arrell st. Pianos, or«uis and
•' all other musical instruments of all grades
■ and prices; term? easy ; prices lowest; every-
■ ' thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
■ MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C. Hall,
$100; Bradbury. J1S0; Seuman, $145: sterling,
j:>" : Estey. $U>o; guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ CURTAZ _ SON, Checkering agents,
1C O'Farrell at.
•" FOR the next £0 Jays pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO i
MAT-VATS Ml SIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
6OHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newhy. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; soe our rent plan;
no Inter I first year. 308, 210. (Post st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; J5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
■ "AX)" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 186 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap 16 McAllister St..
next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; np\v styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farr<.-ll St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, rarairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
• ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
"40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction Bales every Wednes- ■
■ day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, hair,- ■ of all
kind?: 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 22S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
• BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery, Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-IS7 Fremont st.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, $5 per dozen;
projectoßcope. $100. Bacigalupl. S3S-952 Market.
B-HORBE power boiler and engine; cheap; run-
ning now. 426 Ninth st.
I MULES, harness and covered spring wagon,
$30. 1520 Walnut St.. Alameda.
TWO mules, harness and covered spring wagon
$30. X 526 Walnut st . Alameda.
FOR Bale— highly-bred bull terrier dog, pure
white: 11 months old; A3 pedigree; a fine
•' animal; cheap. Address box 8546, Call office.
OLD buildings and lumber bought and sold.
Apply Ellis, near Buchanan, or Royal House,
• 126 Ellis st. F. J. FRENCH & CO. _
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 3017-1019-1021-1023
_ Mission st., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
glnea. boilers, dynamos, etc. 116 Mission st.
J. K. POOL; house mover, dealer second-hand
" I Hiding material. 1 1_4 Mission; tel. So. 787.
• SAFES -Bargains In new and second-hand; all
'■ Fixes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS show cases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission at- nr. Seventh.
SEWING M ACHIN_3<r.
■AUTOMATIC Domestic, Singer *"and & White
. • cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1913 Mission st.
" ■ 2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought sold";
. # machine -: supplies. 14.", Hi xth; phono Mint 45.
•■ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
. . . ATTORNEYS AT LAw! ~
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty- DrTvale~
no fee without success; cc (lections O W
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor.' Stocktnl
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy collections
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln!
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful W*
" W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consutatlon free; no fees In advance.
typewriters! '
• ALL typewritten sold and rented; few partly
used for sp.le cheap: send for samples and
■ prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callrranh. $15: Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sSso: cigar store close to the Emporium;
fine location; good business; excellent bar-
gain. WILKE. 7S3 1 * Market St.. new No. 845.
$500— BAKERY In lively country .own; baking
average dally IVi barrels; horse, wagon; rent
525 • a flrst-class offer and splendid opening.
'WILKE. 846 Market st.
$2200— COR1*ER saloon in choicest downtown
location; kept by owner the last 12 years and
doing a first-clues paying business; owner to
retire- investigate at once; a very rare
chance. WILKE, S4o Market st.
11000— SALOON in very best location; close to
; theaters hotels and newspaper offices; a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WILKE. 753 Market st. new
number. 545. .
A— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln st.;
established many years; known as a leading
and money-making place; must be sold at
once on account of other business Investment
of owner. Particulars WILKL. 753V4 Mar-
ket st.; Dew number 845.
$2400 - CORNER Market-st. saloon; among
i who'e«ale houses; finest in Its line; best class
I of trad"; bean, close investigation;^tria!
[ given; good reasons for Belling, «*. _&s>s.
■:65 Market at. .
$600— DELICACY store north of Market St.;
oIT-e tabll hed; present owner there v years;
a rare bargain; fine location. M. L_St>, 7Co
Market st.
$400-STATIONERY, notion and variety stow
north of Market St.; 4 "vlnK-rooms. cheap
rent: fine opportunity: old-established trade.
M. LESS. 766 Market st.
$350-CIGAR stand, laundry offlce: north of
Market; fine fixtures, clean stock: J? ena P;
owner has other business. M LEfafa. •<»
Market St.. opposite Phelan building.
$225-CORNER cigar stand on Kearny st ; old
e-stablished; receipts $Mo *« .| ee - r a> rent
$15; sold at sacrifice. M. LESS, _» Market.
$125-GROCERY and bar; bargain; awe
chance on account of sickness; stock and fix-
tures worth more than price asked. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st. |
$WO-CORNER grocery and h-ir: B »« k » e _!!_ c * n __ l
ofsau- Mclaughlin _ ____ __ ******* »t.
$560-CITT front aaloon; bargain; fiaageement
of partners cause ol sale. MoLAIuHLLN *:
CO.. 777 Market st.
M5O--COALIOU and gasoline route; good horse
and wagon: will clear $100 per month. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mo-
LAUGHLIN & <■"■. 777 Market st.
A— lo RELIABLE men wanted with f5OO to
Ss^rpS* in one of th a e (it rno^ cu^ t B ;
goniyi rcgLggjg^:
\-$75- BRANCH bakery and notions; also $350
* branch bakery- KREDO * CO.
-. EARNY- si . cigar stand l . good ln^
a bargain; must be sold. KREDO & CO.. -ift
Geary Et.
1 rORNER saloon on leading business
$ street- 4 living rooms: rent $20. Particulars
City Agency (JONES & BBARLD.MS Market.
$125 WILL secure for bright, enterprising man
■ an Interest In a new commodity; no oppoai-
tlon. JONES &^SEARLL^ 865 • Market : St .i*
' $325— CORNER butcher shop; Western Addi-
tion: does cash business of $20 dally; rent $15.
STENBERG - CO.. 264 Kearny Et.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants.
Ealoons. fixtures, grocery stocks: quick sales.
BTENBERQ & CO.. 26H Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
■ fished and too much for one man; no e *r>*™-
ence required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
each. Apply S to J_p. ■_-., 9 Geary, room 2.
EXPERIENCED miner with good references
has located 2 claims with 5 ledges near
Angels Camp; wants partner with money for
developing. Address Miner, box 289, call.
DOWN-TOWN route morning paper for sale;
cheap; sickness. Address Route, box 234, Call.
$800— FINE located corner grocery, bar. fix-
tures and furniture for gale. Boa 235. Call.
EXPERIENCED dentist wishes graduate part-
ner to open business. Address 709 Ivy aye.
! GOOD harness business for »ale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough Investigation given: re- ,
| duce stock if necessary. 621 B. 12th. Oakland.
ilEaiv- WANTED. 3 active young men with first-
class reference? to complete party of S for an
expedition to South Sea and Philippine Islands;
object trading, exploration and prospecting.
: Address box 222. Call office.
I A NEATLY fitted up. good paying employment
Office- house renting and business opportuni-
ties- price $360; selling account 111 health.
i Address Call Office, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
EXCELLENT chance for right party; well es-
tablished gloves, feathers and clothes dean-
Ing works; worth $500: sell If taken imme-
diately for $150. Apply 154 Octavia.
FOR lie — long established merchant tailor
business; the proprietor retires from business
on account of going to Europe. JOHN RED- I
LEY. 340 Third at.
CANDY and cigar store; 3 rooms; furniture;
cheap rent: exchange for camping outfit or
cheap for cash; cause of Bale sickness. 518
Third st.
ELEGANT store fixtures, counters, shelving,
etc ; suitable grocery or drug store: cost
$700; price $86; must sell. 1160 Brdwy. Oaklnd.
GROCERY and bar; established 40 years: pres-
ent owner 20 years; sickness cause of sale.
Eighth and Harrison, opp. Recreation Park.
EXPRESS business, 80 years established ; make
offer. Northeast cor. Pine and Montgomery,
stand. Resldenca, 23.' Dorland Bt.
DRUG store: money maker; bay town: bar-
gain: monopoly: $1200; terms. Address a.,
box 3, Call office.
RESTAURANT; Just the place for man and
wife;, cheap If taken this month. Apply 387
Hayes st.
GUS STRAND, 20 Kearny St.; buy, sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
LADY in legitimate business wishes gentleman
to buy half interest. Address box 242, Call.
jSOo— DRUG store; owner going Kast; fine place
for doctor. Apply at 306 Sixth et.
FRUIT and grocery business, horse & wa-
gon; must sell. 317 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
FOR — Oyster saloon; good location; cheap
rent; bargain. 229 Fourth st.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewel ry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 jive._
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office in Oak-
' land; cheap for cash. D., box 1, Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAfiWELL & CO.' 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— Bo ROOMS; clears $125 $1200
74 rooms; north of Market St.; fine 4000
: 31 rooms; transient; Market st 950
15 rooms; select; transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house; Income $50 clear 900
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap
DO rooms; part cash; transient 1450
18 rooms; Market St.; clears $200* cheap.. S5O
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market St. (L. W.
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
A— KREDO .v CO 23 GEARY ST.
....MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES....
105 rooms; best paying In city $4200
50 rooms; apartment; clears $150 3000
34 rooms; fine corner: half ca*sh 2000
23 rooms; clean $75 month 550
20 rooms: two entrances; Market 300
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 650
9 rooms; also 8 rooma; bargains 22.".
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
10 rooms; corner; very good 250
24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 900
58 rooms: corner; clears $250 2200
100 others: 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
8-room flat: near City Hall 250
75-room house: rent $50 " 650
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp". Fifth.
STENBERG & CO . . . .....26% KEARNY ST.
23 rooms; clears $70; central . $700
8 rooms; sunny corner; clears $30...! "" 200
! 24 rooms; Third st.; family house '.. " 1000
18 rooms: corner; big bargain 6<<>
27 rooms; owner's 5 years; N. Market -».;
other bargains. STENBERG. 26% Kearny.
$300— rooms; n*w carpets and furniture;
bargain to-day. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
BARGAIN in a rooming house; 22 rooms; part-
ly furnished; all new; $4.7). E. L. LTON *15
Kearny st. ' *
$200— LODGING-HOUSE; bargain on account of
sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city. 242
Taylor st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. 11. STEVENS, Mgr.'
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 200.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor , work
f-end to SPAULniNG'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353-57 Tehama fit.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at:
tel. Main 394. QEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning r,... «J
I Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at So.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
j PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
I FURNITURE, trunks, etc. < Golden West Stor-
I age Warehouse, S4O Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
MASON, SOS, near Pine— House of 8 large sunny
rooms; bath and gas; low rent to good tenant.
OLIVE aye., 113, near Polk and O'Farrell—
$25; 7 rooms and bath, three-story.
RESIDENCE, 10 rooms, 703 Taylor St., near
Sutter: residence. 11 rooms. 607 Stockton St.,
near Pine. Inquire room 614, Call building.
SCOTT, 251, near Page— Modern sunny house,
8 rooms, $35; water free; new.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FURNISHED HOISES TO LET.
AN 8-room modern house, completely fur-
nished. $45; adults only. Apply 112 Scott St.,
near Halght. ■•' __________
FLATS TO LET.
A NEW $35 flat, garret, garden; will let for $21;
magnificent marine view; near Pacific
Heights School. 2719 Union st.
BROADWAY, 1122 A— flat, 4 choice sun-
ny rooms; modern Improvements; $12.
BRYANT. 1101—3 nice rooms; large yard; $9.
DEVISADERO. 1208— of 5 rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; yard; laundry; desirable.
FULTON, llS— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms;
bath: near City Hall.
FURNISHED flat to let; - large sunny rooms
and attic. 705 Ashbury st.
GEARY, 1135, between Van Ness and Frank-
lin — Elegant modern upper flat 7 rooms; bath.
HARRIET, 31. off Howard, near Sixth— 4-
room flat and bath. $10.
LARKIN, Lower flat of 5 rooms and bath;
large yard; $16.
LYON. 411, near Hayes— Fine lower flat 6
rooms; bath; $14; near Park.
LYON, 617— Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
call forenoons.
MONF.Y on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
O'FARRELL. 1913-1917 A —Sunny 3 and 4 room
flats; modern improvements; large grounds.
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— Sunny
upper flat of 3 rooms in rear; $7.
RARE chance: a 5-roomed sunny flat: modern;
$17; also 6 or 7-roomed for $20. Apply 113
Scott St., near Haight.
POST, 625, near Jones — Flat of 7 rooms and
bath. -
SANCHEZ, 377, . near Seventeenth— Upper Hat
four sunny rooms; $9.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 OB 4-room flat, with large yard; also fur-
nished room for single person. 11 Harlan
place, off Grant aye., near Sutter.
5 ROOMS, new, sunny, modern; rent $21. 1067
Fell St., near Scott.
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms; rent $11 and $14. 6A
and 84 Dearborn st., off 17th, above Valencia.
$16— SAN JOSE aye.. 143. nr. 24th— New modern
flat. 6 punny rooms; gas. hot water, bath;
mirror mantels: $16.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-
window and kitchen complete; desirable; $13.
EDDY, 632— Unfurnished sunny parlors; run-
ning water; porcelain bath; refs. exchanged.
EDDY. 502—2 furnished rooms on lower floor
tor housekeeping: rent low.
ELLIS. 557—3 unfurnished or partly furnished
sunny connecting rooms with bath.
GEARY. 610 — Newly furnished bay-window
room; single rooms; al«o housekeeping rooms.
I HOWARD, 1068— Sunny rooms to let; housekeep-
ing, single and smites; rent reasonable.
HYDE, 1000%. corner Pine — 1 or 5 sunny unfur-
nished rooms. $15 and $18.
LAFAYETTE. 31. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LEAVENWORTH, 606, i*«ar Geary-Sunny
furnished suite for light housekeeping; also
single rooms. ]__ 1
I MCALLISTER. 422 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished
I rooms for housekeeping.
j MINNA, 2S— Front sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms.
\ MINNA Furnished rooms for housekeep-
Ing. ._____—
MISSION, WS— I^rge sunny basement furnish-
ed complete; rent very cheap.
MISSION, 834— Front sunny housekeeping
room, J-, also single rooms.
MISSION; IZI9 — Sunny . furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.
MISSION, 1729Vi. near Thirteenth— Furnished
for housekeeping in private family, front
room and kitchen; use of piano; bath Sun-
day; $10. ________
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS . 15
Grant areT ".
OAK 12— Large sunny front room, suitable for
housekeeping; private family? cheap.
I OCTAVIA 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow; gas stove; light housekeeping; $3. _
POLK 522— Sunny suit-, housekeeping, . unfur-
nished; also sunny furnished single; cheap.
POLK, 1002. corner Geary— Modern family apart-
ment house; 3 rooms, first floor, completely
furnished, houockpng. $25; 2. $16, $17 50: ret.
POLK, 1715— Three unfurnished rooms; rent $S.
SUTTER, 1148— Nice sunny suite or 3 rooms for
light housekeeping; gas, bath; moderate.
TURK. 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com- ■
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $14.
TWELFTH, 40 — 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: $10; one back room, $5.
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny .fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping;
also single rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard— Part of
nicely furnished flat with piano; cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 1021, near Geary— Front sunny
suite. 2 rooms and kitchen; gas range.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. »th & Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reas3nable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, home-like: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
A- STOCKTON, 242 — First-claps sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms: suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
I BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny front
room and kitchen; furnished; $8.
I BUSH 613 (The Grenoble)— Nicely furnished
room's, single or en suite; central; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Fill-, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
BTDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to. $6 a week; families.
El tIS 327— Pleasant rooms in refined family
for elderly man and wife; also accommoda-
tion for several young men; reference required.
ELMS, 51&— Modern lovely front alcove; single
' rooms, $8 and $5. .
ELLIS~633r r cor. Larkln— Bay window alcove.
mantel, gas, bath; gents preferred^
i-l rI- !)27 near Van Ncsa— Handsomely fur-
niHh'-.'i sunny rooms; private family; reas.
FIFTH 109 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— week and up;
nice clean sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)-Elegant furnished
i rooms: suites or single. MRS. H., Lit.
I GEARY, 488-Gentleman desiring to live In sun-
i shine call and Bee, corner suite. E. A. HOP-
KINS.
j GEARY. 886— Neatly furnished sunny suites,
privilege of light housekeeping; others; bath.
GEARY Two cozy - single rooms nicely
furnished; bath; $4 and $5. - ;
GFARY 406—1. 2 or 3 nice unfurnished or with
carveti down rooms or offices; reasonable.
QIRARD House. , 192 Seventh, near Howard—
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Funny rooms; en suite and
I single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
! HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%— Finely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; all conveniences; quiet home;
■ $1 week. ■ ■'■ :■/'-'. ,
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth St.— Sunny suite - for
housekeeping; suite for 8 gents; . reasonable.
i JESSIE, 355, near Fifth— Large front room
for gentleman; private; real homelike.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MINnX 327, close to Fourth— neatly fur-
nished sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1037— Large sunny nicely furnished
rooms; also 2 single rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1055— Nice suite 2 rooms, suitable
light housekeeping or 3 gents; rent moderate.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
ATOM A, 319—2 housekeeping rooms; furnish-
ed or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, .eek or month.
PINE 1427— Nice front room in quiet family for
1 or' 2 gentlemen; references.
POLK, 1205, near Sutter— Nice sunny rooms,
single or en suite; moderate rent. ■
POST 909— Pleasant sunny rooms; single and
double; newly furnished; quiet neighborhood.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club—
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SCOTT. 2 large sunny connecting rooms;
partly furnished; gas; alcove; bath. ,
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER, 426— Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished; gent or couple; refs. exchanged.
THIRD, 404 (The Sterling)— sunny front
single rooms; extra large housekeeping; reag.
THIRD, Large sunny front room for 1 of 1
gents; also single room.
VAN NESS, 936— Pretty room; hot and cold;
gas; bath: $10; larger one, $15.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento — Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up: week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
: ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT HYDE — Sunny single room, with .board
$18; also alcove room; rea.; private family.
EDDY 500, corner Hyde— Sunny front room
suitable for 2; other rooms; $20 up.
ELLIS, Nice sunny rcoms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
ELLIS. 826— Nice sunny suite, suitable for 3 or
4 gents, with or without board.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, Newly renovated handsomely
furnished rooms with good French board. _
HYDE. 408— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board: pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suttee, with board for 2, $40 per
month; tingle rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family board g. ;
warm bait; large grounds; sunny rooms; reaa.
VAN NESS aye.. Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye.. Large sunny front suites;
single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye.. Large sunny front single
rooms: other rooms; good table board.
VAN NESS are., 1405— Sunny rooms with board;
private family: near Bush Ft.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
EXPERIENCED nurse will take Infant or
young child to board. 2502 Sixteenth, corner
Howard.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded; mother's care;
references; moderate. 234V4 Sixth st. .
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would Ilk* 1 or
2 children to board. 30 Willow aye., nr. Eddy.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; mother's care; reas'able. 524 Turk.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store on O'Farrell St., suitable for a
bakery: oven, etc.; choice location; rent very
tow. HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
I FINE store living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkln st. ; $14. Apply 102 Eddy St.
FOR rent— Large, roomy building, suitable for
wood and coal. hay. and grain, general pro-
duce business: good location; low rent. In-
• quire room 614, Call building.
STORE corner Eleventh and Mission sts. : fine
stand for saloon or French liquor store.
STORE to let— 44B Third st.
$9— STORE and living room at 837 Noe at. ; pros-
perous neighborhood.
JEDI'CATIONAL.
1 VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
! the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 16 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush st.,
near Jones. _l _
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. ■
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typtng,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc: life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 60c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavla st.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Perry Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. purvey, assay, archlt.; day * eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 938 Market.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Leipsic. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary at.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
DO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st.: pills. $1; very strong, $2. «
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects': taken In time it also acts aa a pre-
ventive ; price $1 60 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. __
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. :
offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st. hours
9 to 11, 2 to 6 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe And sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential: self-cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
i NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
nt home; pills and capsules. $1; cure $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st. •
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderata: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
SKIN disease from whatever cause radically
cured within two weeks: no pay asked until
cured. Address G. A., box _________> office.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254VJ Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St.. diseases of women
and children. ' -
~ — — TO LEASE.
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 23]
Sutter St.; lons lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a whola or in divisions; large
' and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE. _
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel • near city; good
I opportunity. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S Clay. ;
PERSONALS.
£. J. KNIGHT having left our employ, we
shall not be responsible for any money or
goods received by him. ARMES & DALLAiI,
230 Front st.
THEODORE HlGGlNS— Furniture left in se-
curity for rent if not redeemed this month,
will be sold. MRS. CRAIG, 5 Treat aye.
WILL any old miners of the early '60's who
knew Morris Ingram or John Hanks, from
years "52 to '56, write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer. Paducah, Ky.. or answer through
paper?
I HAVE great satisfaction in the realization of
artistic hairdressing done here for 26c; hair
restored to its natural color. $1 50 up;
switches. $1; fine, $3 50; extra, $5; open Sun-
day 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
st, furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performance* in English,
Italian, German and French.
LEDERER' S Qulnonia will cure that dandruff.
G. LEDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
ffic to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1515 A Howard st.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order. $50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market Et.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKJE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME~. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
SAN~ FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring'
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMARI OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed In love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.;
cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil influ-
ences; locates mines, buried treasures, eta;
guarantees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
OMAR
Guarantees success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence, 325 Eddy St.. 325.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrv< "ant and Medium.
While entranced ehe will reveal every hidden
mystery In life: will show you how to over-
coma your enemies, remove family troubles,
rest*-*-* lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your «ntire life,
pact, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. TTours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. ; perfect
rr.tisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26. 1208 Market street.
Attention! PROF. H. ROMAINB,
The Oriental Seer.
Late of India.
—TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER—
Tells what you called for: advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates buried treasures in five
days; never falls; $2 consultation $1 this
week. Letters containing stamp answered.
Offices. 120fi Market st. Hourß. 10 to S.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases "and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 StocKton St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la,
60c, gents $1; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMON DI; ycur fortune told by
chlrography, $1 and $2. Vl» Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c: ladles only. 23 Ash aye.
MRS. B. DAUMANN, the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. BYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band'B picture, 2.'.c: ladies. 914 O'Furroll st.
SPIRITUALISM.
O. A. KRAUS, medium; astrology and palmis-
try: sittings daily. 334 Eddy st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings, $1; cir. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. : Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212>* Sixth St.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate- writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. '_
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life render. 232 Stockton st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commles'on; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
6tore, 94S Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell bt.
ANY amount at t\i per cent on real estate: ?d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
•states a specialty. MURPHY. C 36 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest rates;
no commissions private. 116 McAllister st.
$B0 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery ft.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYXi-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
taeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W.\ LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of palnlels extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O" Fan-ell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 897 Market st.. cor. Sixth.
Br! LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PBRBT
_■ CHRISTIE. 8 Mason st.. cnr. Market.
LOST.
LOST— On narrow gauge Santa Cruz train
August 9, a small silver watch, black ribbon
fob with a coin attached. Address to or
leave at Hotel Bella Vista. 1001 Pine St., S.
F., and receive liberal reward.
LOST— August 5. transferring from Kearny to
Clay, or on Clay-st. cars, a purse. Reward
at Call office.
LOST— August 18, two valises; G. Palm. Please
return to 486 Jewle nt. \
LOST— A paps book with the Hibernia Savinps
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ALBERT J. BUCHANAN, No.
189-1458. The finder « will please return to
bank.
LOST— Scotch collie pup about 3 months old,
named Dewey, license No. 1531. A suitable
reward will be given if returned to 1150 Ful-
ton St., cor. Scott.
FOUND.
FOUND — 2 ■ dogs, a Newfoundland ' and blood -
hound. J. FREY, 1625 San Bruno road.
BICYCLES.
BICYCLES Bold, repaired and built to order.
J. HOLLE, Twentieth and Fol.«om sts.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$80—75x100; NORTH side Fourteenth aye. south.
150 feet west J st. south, lot 14. block 269.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association.
$90—25x125; south side Thrift et., 355 feet
west Capitol, Railroad Homestead Association.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
WANTED — Income properties for cash; must
be cheap. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
2 FINE corners, partly Improved, near the Mis-
sion High School. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO., 1709 Market st.
$3600— CASH, balance installments; a
large 6-room 2-story House with high finished
basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro St., •
near Twentieth. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
' COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Lot for home in San Mateo County.
X., box 2. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— At $1250, a 6-room house, with
lot 25x140 feet: situated on East Fourteenth
St., between Tenth and Eleventh ave3. Ap-
ply to ALBERT SCHMIDT, 1122 Thirteenth
aye.. East Oakland.
$390— FOR a S-room cottage and three nice
lots; $25 cash; monthly installments to suit.
$75— Lots in the Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land. $5 cash. $5 monthly on one or more lots:
3 electric car lines; fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near; 35 families now located:
view, location and soil unexcelled; building up
rapidly: perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular 455 Seventh St.. cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$50 CASH, balance monthly: cottage of 3
rooms and large barn; lot 60xl$S:6; 2 blocks
from Adeline station; price $»00.
W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh st., Oakland. Cal.
SNAP; lot 72x135, right in Berkeley. $450; cash.
L M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway. ■-
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
rubllr- nror>rtv looked «fter. »14 Broad— ar.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh at. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500— Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800— 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
T rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$2500— Snap; lot 40x100; modem house 7 rooms
Including furniture.
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, "with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.
Houses to let. 1432 Park St., Alameda.
Nearly new 6-room house; modern im-
provements; lot 40x130; fine location. '
$Soo— 40x130; all street work done; first-
class location.
$5500 lots, 40x135; near Alameda; street
work done; a fine Investment.
Call and see our list of bargains.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park St.. Alameda,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIG BARGAIN. $12f>0— Fine house 6 rooms!
bath, city water; lot 60x136; one block from
Berryman station; choice location; forced sale
to close estate. WARREN CHENEY, oppo-
site station, Berkeley. . I
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO acres choice fruit; new cottage 5 rooms;
bath; 7-foot basement; chicken house; arte-
. sian . well; windmill; tank bouse; Kencil
aye.. near power house, Elmhurst. H. A.
I'LEITNER. Frultvale station.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale in partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
No. 62,117.
Notice 13 hereby given that under and in
pursuance of the interlocutory decree In par-
tition add order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court, and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, IS9B, duly entered of record therein,
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree it was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, IS9B, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction In separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
in said City and County of San- Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: >'
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as la.d down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
. — Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (10) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(69 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly alons the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8).
Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez Areet one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) . feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of pale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed. ■ *".'.-•'.
Dated this 19th day of August, 1898.
G. H. UMBSEN,
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court. PINTCELSPEIL A GESFORD.
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. 805 Claus Spreck-
els Building. San Francisco.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have. been Issued as follows:
Solomon Goldberg and Ida Kornman 32-19
G F. Culverwell and Delia Redmond 2S-28
John S. Glllespie and Mamie Rife..... 33-27
Jakob Gprlach and Kathrina Wagner 24-25
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices ■ sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
BORN.
HAGG— In this city, August 14, 1898, .to the
wife of Peter L. Hagg. a son. ,
MARTENET— In Seattle, August 9, 1898, to the
wife of Morris W. Martenet, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city, to the wife of George
Smith, a yon. -
„ ____________ _____
MARRIED.
DEMING— In East Oakland, August
IS. 1898. 'by the Rev. C. R. Brown. Henry B.
Pemlng and May Laird.' both of Oakland.
DIEPEN— WILDE— this city, - August 17,
1898. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick
Dlepen and Pauline Wilde.
HOLTUM— SCOTT— In this city. August 17,
1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Gary Holtum
and Willie Scott. : v
O'BRIEN— GUINN— In this city, August 15,
IS9B, by the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, Pat-
rick O'Brien and Lulu E. Gulnn, both of San
Francisco.
OLDENBURG— KLEIN— In this city, August
18, 1898, at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev.
Paul Branke. William E. Oldenburg and
Route K. Klein.
SCHUCKING— LEICHTER— In this city. Au-
gust 17. IS9S. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Theodore E. Shucking and Ella Leichter,
both of San Francisco.
SPOHN— JONES— In this city, August 1. IS9B.
by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Charles Spohn and Laura Jones, both of San
Francisco.
WAYMIRK— McCRAY- In this city. August 8,
IS9S. by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Charles Edward Waymire ol -sapa, Cal., and
Lena Pearl McCray of San FrancJ
DIED.
Andersen. Edward Kull. Mrs. Louise
Boudan, Louis Langford. Thomas R.
Butler, Mrs. Jane Lucy, James W.
Carlton. Harriet C. Nelsen. Oliver
Chapman, Darenda S. Riiey, Ellen
Crellln, Delina Ruttger, John
Eagles. William C. Scribner, Mlna A.
Edwards. Sophia H. Sullivan. Mury
Donnelly. Peter E. Vogel, F. William
Foster, Theresa West. William H. J.
KaufTmann, S.
ANDERSEN —In this city. August 16. 1898,
Edward, beloved husband of Marthine A. An-
dersen, father of Edward. Hagbart, Vivian
and Edna Andersen, and brother of Julia
Seter and August Andersen, a native of
Frederikstad, Norway, aged 35 years 5 months
and 8 days.
CALIFORNIA HARBOR NO. 15. A. A. OF M.
and P. — Officers and members are respectfully
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Captain E«lward Andersen, this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3062 Twenty-fifth street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BOUDAN— In this city, August 17. 189S, Loula,
beloved husband of Annie Boudan, son of
Alcide Boudan, and brother of Mrs. Marie
Dv Py and Mrs. Louise Perette. a native of
San Francisco, aged 3G years G months and S
days.
C? Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery aye.. thence to
the Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres. and
to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street, where
services will be held under the auspices of
California Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. W. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery
BUTLER— In this city. August IS. IS9S. Mrs.
Jane Butler, mother of A. B. Butler of
Fresno. Mrs. J. M. Clancy and L. K. Butler
Of Philadelphia, Mrs. C. H. Caulfleld. Mrs.
J. D. Osborne and Mary A. Butler of San
Francisco, aged 71 years.
(DTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 11
o'clock, from her late residence. 719 Turk
street. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CARLTON— In this city, August 19. T*i)B. Har-
riet C. Carlton, a native of Vermont.
CHAPMAN— In this city, August 19. 1839.
Darenda Sparling, dearly beloved wife of
John B. Chapman, and dearly beloved mother
of John J., George F. and the late William
J. Chapman, a native of Clam, County Kil-
dare, Ireland, aged 65 years 5 months and 2
days.
(C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CRELLIN— In Oakland, August 19, IS9B. Dellna,
widow of the late John Crellln, a native of
Maine, aued GO years 3 months and 24 days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1061 Oak street, Oakland. Interment
private.
EAGLES— In Oakland, August 19, IS9B, Wil-
liam C. Eagles, a native of New Jersey, aged
87 years 4 months and 14 days.
EDWARDS— In San Quentln. August 18. IS9S,
Sophia H., wife of Andrew J. Edwards, and
beloved mother of Edella L. and Louis B.
Edwards and Mrs. E. 6. Butterworth of Los
Angeles, a native of Freeport. Me., aged 65
years and 13 days. (Freeport, Me., papers
please copy.)
IP^Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Saturday), at 10:30 o"clock, from her lato
residence. San Quentln. Interment Mount
Tamalpais Cemetery-
DONNELLY— In this city, August 18, IS9B,
Peter E., dearly beloved husband of Mary
Donnelly, and father of Irene and Harold
Donnelly, and son of the ' late Ann and
Thomas Donnelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years and 6 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, fmm his late resi-
dence, 16C Decatur street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hie soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FOSTER— In this city. August IS 189S, Theresa,
beloved wife of Charles M. Foster, mother of
Charlotte Lillian Foster, and sister of Maria
Katz, Lizzie Johannessen and Alfred
Schwartz, a native of San Francisco, aged
34 years 3 months and 2 days.
ICTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend tin? funeral — rvteea to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 710
Taylor street, between gutter and l-.n-.h.
OFFICERS and members of La Estrella Par-
lor No. S9, N. D. G. W.— You are hereby no-
tified to assemble at Native Sons' Hall. 414
Mason street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, for the purpose of i ttendlng the fu-
neral of our late beloved sister, Mrs. T. Fos-
ter. By order of
MRd. A. AIGELTINGER, Pres.
ALICE MAUNDER. Rec. Sec.
KACKFiIANN- In this city, August 17. IS9B.
Sebastian, beloved husband of Maria KaufT-
mann, and father of Annie, Bernard and
May KaufTmann, a native of Germany, aged
54 yean.
(C^Friend* and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at — o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1320 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, where services will be
held for the repose of his poul, commencing
at — o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KULL —In this city, August 19, 18S8, Mrs.
Louise, beloved wife of the late John Kull,
and tlearlv beloved mother of Mrs. J. Hettler,
Mrs. K. ( % ranz aJi4 John. Amilie and George
Kull, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 67 years 9 months and 2? days.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the resMen.'e of
her daughter. Mrs. J. Hettler. 1 Gcdden place,
off Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde and
Larkin streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
LANGFORD— In this city. August 17, 1898,
Thomas R.. beloved husband of Lucy If.
Langford. father of Ethel Langford. and son
Of Ro.«e and the late Sergeant Thomas R.
Langford, a native of San Francisco, aged
"J years 10 months and 1" days.
(rJTFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Irvited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. K'27 Octavia street. Interment Holy
Cross <"emetery.
N. S. G. W. — Officers and members of Hes-
perian Parlor No. 137, will assemble for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
br'tlvr Thomas R. Langford. at 2027 Octavia
Btreet, this day (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock.
C. F. BUTTLE. President.
GEORGE B. SCOTT. Rec. Bee
LUCY— In this city. August 18. IS9B. James
W., beloved Infant son of James W. and
Mary Lucy, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 months.
(n?Friends <jnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
resilience. S3l Bryant Street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
t.-ry.
NKI.SEN— In this city, August 19. 1898, Oliver.
Bel ved son of Henrietta and the late Olaofl
Nelsen, und brother of Mrs. Albert Wetnert.
Mrs George Olney, Mrs. Harvey Holmgren
and Olga Nelsen, a native of Norway, aged
IS years 10 months and 11 days.
RILEY— In this city, August 18, 1898, Ellen,
beloved wife of Michael J. Rlley, and be-
loved mother of John W. and Josephine Rlley
and Mrs, C. A. Rabjohn, Mrs. W. Bulck,
Mrs. E. H. Thomas. Mrs. A. C. Koelzer and
Mrs M. Shea, a natlye of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 56 years and 5 months. (Boston
and Lowell. Mass.. papers please copy.)
(ESrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 707 Florida street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will bt celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUTTGER— In this city. August 19, IS3B, John,
beloved husband of Staphanln. Ruttger, a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged H years.
SCRIBNER— In this city. August 19, 1898,
Mlna A., dearly beloved wife of S. R. Pcrlb-
ner and dearly beloved mother of Frank and
Mina Rose, a native of the State of New
York, aged 48 years 8 months and 13 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, August 19, IS9B,
Mary, beloved wife of John F. Sullivan, and
sister of Anne Kilmartin. a native of Bally-
lander, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 63
years.
(ETFrtend?! and acquaintances ar*» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Sunday), at S:3o o'clock, from her 'ate resi-
dence, 12 Freelon street, thence to it. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
VOGEL-In Alameda, August 19, I«9S. F. Wil-
liam Vogel. a native of Blumenthal, Ger-
many, aged 52 years. (San Rafael papers
please copy.)
(TTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers. SC."> Washington street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WEST— In this city. August 19. 1898, William
Herbert John, beloved husband of Celestine
West, and father of Leonie and William
Herbert West, a native of England, aged
54 years A member of National Lodge No.
30, I. O. O. F., New York City. (New York
City papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,
Odd Fellows' building. Seventh and Market
ptreets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
tMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
UNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALICBMI
\ 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School.
I Telephone, South_jBo. j_.
1314
SEEKING FOR
A CLEW TO
THE FIEND
Police Investigate the
Dover Tragedy.
THE MURDERER IS A WOMAN
SAID TO BE A RESIDENT OF THIS
CITY.
Belatives of the Dead Woman Con
vinced That the Poisoned
Caramels Were Sent
"From Here.
The pnliro of this city have been asked
by the authorities of Dover, Del., to dc
aJI in their power to establish the identitj
of the fiend who is responsible for tht
poisoning nf Mrs. Dunning and her sister
Mrs. Deane. Both women died from eat
ing poisoned caramels which were sen)
them from this city. Yesterday Chief
Lees detailed Detective Ed Gibson tc
make an Investigation, but up to a latt
hour last night he had not succeeded ir
gaining a clew to the guilty party. Until
the wrapper in which the candy was in-
Closed arrives here the police do not ex
pect to ao much toward clearing up th<
mystery.
In the meantime, however, they Intend
to vigorously prosecute the search for the
mysterious "Mrs. C," who is supposed tc
be the sender of the deadly sweets. That
ehe Jives in this city the police have nc
doubt, as the package was sent from
here.
Mrs. B. Corbaley, a friend of Mrs. Dun
ning. Is incensed that her name should
be coupled with the double tragedy. She
■was a warm friend of Mrs. Dunning and
•was heartbroken when she learned of her
tragic ending. Mrs. Bothin, who lived in
the same house, was nJso on Intimate
terms of friendship with Mrs. Dunning.
She Is at present in Stockton.
It was first thought that she was the
blonde woman who was seen with Dun
ning at the race track, but subsequent in
vestigation revealed that Mrs. Bothin is
a pronounctd brunette.
The I 1I 1 ox which contained the poisoned
candy is oblong In shape and holds about
a pound. Around the ends are narrow
pink and Batin ribbons tied in a bowknot.
and on the top in gold letters are the
words "Bon Bons." The address is writ
ten in a cramped hand or with an effort
at disguise.
Inclosed in the box was a plain hand
kerchief with the price mark, 25 cents, in
one corner. The note, signed "Mrs. C. t "
J6 written in lead pencil, and the words,
"With love to yourself and baby," are
written jerkily and in an entirely differ
ent hand from the superscriptions. There
were two kinds of chocolate in the box,
one hard and similar to a confectioner's
make, and the other soft, with every ap
pearance of having been home-made.
The supposition is that the fiend pur
chased the box of candy, and, taking out
a small quantity, substituted the poisoned
caramels. Knowing Mrs. Dunning's
•weakness for candy, the guilty party con
ceived tho diabolical plan to put her out
of the way.
Every effort Is being: made by the local
police to ascertain whether or not Dun
ning, the husband of the dead woman,
had any love intrigues.
From their line of investigation it Is to
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Instantly Relieved by
a Warm Bath
with
and a single anointing with
CDTICDRA, purest of emol-
lients and greatest of skin
cures, this is the most
speedy, permanent and eco-
nomical treatment for tor-
turing, disfiguring, itching,
. burning, Weeding, scaly,
pimply and crusted skin,
scalp and blood humors,
with loss of hair.
DIIVIDI F-^ Blackheads, red and oily
• r'MJTIr'JLijCO skin, red, rough hands,
dry thin and falling hair, and simple baby
blemishes prevented by CUTICURA SOAP, be-
cause the only preventive of inflammation and
clogging of the pores. CUTICURA SOAP, be-
• cause of Its delicate emollient properties, Is
• the most soothing, cooling and purifying ap-
plication for summer rashes, tan, sunburn,
bites and stings of insects. Irritations, chaf-
Ings, Inflammations, undue or offensive perspir-
ation, as well as for many other sanative uses.
■ i
Bold throughout the world. Price. CUTI-
CURA SOAP, 26c. CUTICURA (ointment), 50c.
POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP.. Boston,
Bole Props. British Depot, 1 King Edward St..
London. "How to Prevent Itching Skin," free.
POISON FIEND'S VICTIM
Mrs. John P. Dunning, Whose Death Was Caused
by Eating Drugged Caramels.
be inferred that they are reasonably cer
tain that a woman was the poisoner.
Yesterday Detective Gibson Interviewed
a number of race- track touts, with a view
of finding out if Dunning had any female
admirers. Dunning was a frequent vis
itor to the race track, and if he were as
sociating with other women it was rea
sonably certain that the inquisitive touts
would know of it. They, however, de
clared that while they knew Dunning
they had never seen him with any other
woman than his wife.
The famous old JESSE MOORE "WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue It Is pure.
Epworth League Entertainment.
The Epworth league of Howard M. E.
Church entertained about 230 persons with
a delightful musical and literary pro
gramme, followed by refreshments, at the
church last night. A piano solo by Roscoe
"Warren Lucy and a reading of Brown
ing's "The Italian in England" by Miss
Elizabeth F. Bartlett were features of
the entertainment. Other participants
were Miss Nellie M. Partridge. Frank
Coffin, D. M. Warde. George A. Rice, C.
L. Parent Jr., Otto Rauhut, Professor
Samuel Adelstein, J. C. Bates Jr., E. ML
Cameron and L. A. T^e.rsen.
Favor a Free Market.
The Chamber of Commerce has sanc
tioned the establishment of the proposed
free market for the disposal of farm pro
duce. At the last meeting of the chamber
the following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco Is of the opinion
that the Honorable Board of State Har
bor Commissioners should, and they are
HISTORIC BLARNEY CASTLE AT THE IRISH FAIR.
Mechanics' Pavilion, With Every Nook and Cranny Reminiscent of the Land of the
Shamrock, to Be Thrown Open To-Night.
AFTER weeks of preparation, the great Irish Fair will open to-night at Mechanics' Pavilion, under the
patronage of the most prominent people in this city who claim the tight little Isle as their birthplace..
The big exposition building is dotted with the towers, castles, abbeys and lakes made familiar In song and
prose wherever English-speaking people are to be found. The various structures are exact reproductions of the
originals. Blarney Castle and the Blarney stone, credited with lending the. gracious touch of humor and a ready
tongue to all who press their lips upon it, occupy a <nmmanding position on the main floor. It towers sixty-two
feet above the floor, and presents a picturesque appearance embowered in trees.
The opening to-night will be attended with interesting ceremonies. A grand chorus of 500 voices, under the
direction of John W. McKenzie, will render "The Star Spangled Banner," "Killarney" and "God Save Ireland."
.Those In attendance are. expected to join in the choruses. Thousands of American flags will be distributed and the
scene should be an Inspiriting one.
The utilities as well as the beautiful will be presented. Silk looms and the machines of other industries peculiar
to Ireland will be in operation. The booths will all be filled with pretty girls in dainty gowns, many of them copied
from the fashions of a departed race. There will be no hawking of tickets about the floor of the exposition.
At Killarney Dingle booth the seductive ice cream will be dispensed by a corps of pretty girls.
There will be a real Jaunting-car, and the map of Ireland, formed by pieces of sod from all the counties. Owing
to the unselfish devotion of the ladie3 In charge of the various booths, the exposition is expected to prove a marked
success.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1898.
hereby respectfully requested to, assign
the blocks of State property bounded by
Davis, Pacific and East streets in this
city for the uso of car tracks and sheds
required by the free public market, the
same to be used also for the receipt and
delivery of ordinary merchandise so far
as It may be practicable and most con
venient for the producers of our State.
Filling in Islais Creek Bed.
By ;i persistent effort on the part of the
members of the Precita Valley Improve
ment Club the bed of Islais Creek Is be
ing gradually filled In to official grade.
Until this club, under the guidance of
John T. Graham, started the Improvement
or the valley, it was an offensive swamp
filled with stagnant water and decaying
vegetable matt'-r. Now it is becoming
habitable, and will In due time be prop
erly Improved. To this end the Super
visors are a.sked to appropriate a sum suf
ficient to beautify and lay out Bernal
Park, which standa in the center of the
valley.
Bryant street, from Twenty-fifth to
Twenty-sixth, is being paved and curbed
to grade. Simil.tr improvement is asked
for Florida, Alabama and Harrison streets
and Treat avenue from Bryant to Army.
In the meantime tne club has petitioned
for electric lights and a school building on
the slope of Bernal Heights.
Battered the Collector.
J. I. Macks, collector for J. J. Raver,
wont to the Terminal saloon, Haight and
Stanyan streets, yesterday morning, to
collect a bill from James Cairns, the pro
prietor. Instead of paying the bill Cairns
struck Macks and chased him out of the
saloon. Macks hurried to the City Hall
and swore out a warrant for Cairns' ar
rest on the charge of battery.
CAR TRACKS
TO BE TORN
UP TO-DAY
Second Onslaught on
Market Street.
CITY PERFORMS THE WORK
WILL PAY FOR REPAYING BE
TWEEN TRACKS.
The Second Contract With City
Street Improvement Company
Only A-waiting the Mayor's
Signature.
The two lines of horse car tracks on
Market street between Sixth and Eighth
ptreets will be torn up to-day by order
of Superintendent of Streets Ambrose.
A force of laborers in tho employ of the
city will be assigned to the job, and It
is expected to be finished by night.
This act will complete the taking up
of the Market-street outside car tracks
above Second street, leaving only the
double cable tracks in the center. Some
time ago the Market-street Railway
Company refused to remove the tracks,
stating that damages would be asked if
the removal was accomplished by tho
City. Mayor Phelan, however, ordered
the work to proceed.
The action has had the effect of reliev
ing the railway company of responsi
bility for paving the space between the
rails taken up. This fact is admitted by
the city, and a contract has been drawn
up with the City Street Improvement
Company, which only lacks the signa
ture of the Mayor, to pave with bitumen
two strips eleven feet wide and 3~t>f> feet
long on Mark'-t street between Becond
and Sixth, the strips to approach within
two feet of the outer cable rails on the
one hand and to join on the other the
seventeen-foot curb strip of bitumen re
cently put down by the same contractor
on Market street.
"The paving of this second strip will
begin as soon as the Mayor signu the
contract." said Street Superintendent Am
brose yesterday. "I know there will be
no hitch, for the Mayor favors the con
tract. The cost to the city will be
$13,476."
Car Company to Pave.
The secretary of the Merchants' Asso
ciation has received a letter from the
manager of the City Street Improvement
Company, stating that the Market Htreet
Railway Company is about to begin the
laying of a bitumen pavement for a dis
tance of two feet outside of its cable
tracks on Market street. The paving
company mentioned has the contract to
do the "work and the manager says that
he will begin operations at once. So
far nothing has been mentioned about
I the space between the tracks, although
' the car company has been ordered by
the Supervisors to pave all of the space
between and on the outside of the tracks.
Sacred Heart Church Entertainment.
The Young Ladies' Sodality of Sacred
Heart parish has arranged for a grand
entertainment at Metropolitan Hall on
Tuesday evening, 30th inst. The proceeds
of this entertainment will be for the
entertainment ot the sociality booth at
the church fair to be held In Ortober.
The new Sacred Heart Church is near-
Ing completion, and the young people of
the parish are unusually active in their
enrleavors to do their full share toward
liquidating the church debt.
Mails Open for Spain.
Postmaster Montague received the fol
lowing dispatch from Washington yes
terday: "Dispatch of mails for Spain will
be resumed from New York to-morrow,
20th inst. Mails for former Spanish pos
sessions will be dispatched hereafter
without restriction.
coming in contact with the stone pave
ment. The bullet struck a cobblestone and
glanced off, striking him in the calf of the
right leg and coming out in front, where
it was found in his sock.
Captain Gillen had him removed to the
City and County Hospital, where the
wound was dressed and pronounced to be
superficial. The injury will necessitate
his retirement for a few weeks.
FOR A NEW CHURCH.
St. Patrick's Parishioners in Comic
Opera Entertain Their Friends.
A delightful comic opera was presented
by members of the ladies' charity booth
at Odd Fellows' Hall last night in
aid of St. Patrick's grand bazaar, which
will open September 2S. When the cur
tain rolled up on the first scene of the
"Dress Rehearsal" the hall was crowded
to its capacity. The applause of the audi
ence, unremitting throughout the even
ing, attested the merit of the perform
ance. Those who took part in the cast
are: Misses Mac Cavanaugh, Josephine
Crum. Mac B. Mulcan, Jessie Dubar,
Nome Sullivan, Mac Tilfer, Kathleen
Ryan, Ella Cronin, Margaret Kane, Mac
Carter, Josephine B. Mulcan, Emma
Geary, Maude Shortall, Nellie Kearney,
Fannie Hausman, Gertrude -annon, Wal
ter Young, Jack O'Brien, Will Rattlgan,
George Keane, Rob McCarthy, Matt
Leonard, Arthur Swan, Charles "V. Drady,
Harry Coleman, Frank Leonard, Will
Cathcart., J. Mclnerney, Ben Crawford
and Ed Moore.
Before the performance Rev. H. P. Gal
lagher, S. J., delivered an address on the
three cardinal elements of religion
faith, hope and charity— and showed by
logical deductions how the three com
bined in the hearts of his parishioners
would be instrumental in bringing about
a new church for the parish, the object
of the grand bazaar.
EXCELLENT
OPPORTUNITY
FOR TOURISTS
TO PAY A VISIT TO ONE OF
CALIFORNIA'S POPULAR
RESORTS.
A Low Rate Excursion to the Rus
sian River ana
Ukiah.
In pylvan shades of fair Ukiah' s vales
A thousand beauteous scenes enchant the eye,
■\Vhere sparkling streamlets whisper fairy tales
( >( Indian romances long pone by.
There sliver spotted trout with golden salmon
In countless thousands 'neath the alder trees,
Where one may be In paradise the live-long
Soothed by the soft caress of cooling breeze.
Now In the autumn, when the summer heat
Hath yielded to the balmy Indian summer air,
No faithful guide can bring thy wandering
feet
Cats l.lylHc valleys half so fair.
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad Company offers a special ex
cursion rate, San Francisco to Ukiah
and return, to-morrow (Sunday) of $2,
making the trip each way in four
hours.
Passengers leave the city at 8 a. m.
and returning reach here at 8:30 p. m.
They will therefore have more than
four hours in Ukiah in which to visit
its places of interest.
The road traverses the most delight
ful portion of Marln County and for
nearly fifty miles affords kaleidoscopic
views of the Russian River region with
its wealth of massive redwoods. The
ILkiah Valley is one of the most at
tractive in this section of the State.
Ukiah boasts in Gibson Canyon one
of the most weird and picturesque
I canyons in California. This is located
! only a mile from the heart of the city
! and in its shaded depths the fish hatch
i cries of the San Francisco and North
i Pacific Railroad are located. Over 700,
000 young fish of all varieties and va
ried stages of developments are now in
i the troughs, affording a novel and mi
i teresting sight.
The excursion now offered will be
| the only low rate trip this season af
| fording so instructive a visit to the
hatchery.
There will be an abundance of time
to visit the asylum for the insane and
the celebrated Vichy Springs.
The train is not to stop at stations
en route and every passenger will be
provided with a comfortable seat.
The Uklah excursions which as a
rule are made up semi-annually prob
ably surpass any other railway trip
out of San FrancißCO in the variety
of scenery afforded, the rich section
through which the train passes, the
comfort of the traveler and the ex
cellence of service rendered.
Question of Freight Rates.
Railroad circles throughout the coun
try are agog over the meeting- of the
Transcontinental Freight Association to
be held noxt week at Denver, for it is
expected that the vexatious question of
freight-rate cuts will be settled to the
satisfaction of all concerned. A prom
inent official of one of the lines said
yesterday : "The association will have
to meet this question squarely or else
ignore it altogether, and by the latter
action surrender to the roads who per
sist in cutting rates. This has come to
be a most troublesome affair, and if not
properly settled is liable to disrupt rail
road relations that have hitherto been
regarded as amicable, and will result in
conditions that will be simply ruinous.
Earnest efforts will be made to bring
the Canadian Pacific Railway to some
sort of submission, for that line proba
bly more than any other has tampered
with freight rates to the detriment of
our competing American roads. Not sat
isfied with a differential which amounts
to practically 10 per cent, they persist
in going still further, and it is a fact
that they have slashed rates right and
left. I hope the question will be settled
for nil time, otherwise grave conse
quences will undoubtedly ensue."
This Week's Wasp.
Society's gathering on the lawn at Monte de
Roblea. the late Colonel Crocker's residence at
Ban Mateo, is shown In a series of splendid
half-tones from the very best examples of
photographic art, the coming and going: of the
guests in their carriages being made a special
feature of the set of views published. The
pictures of all the Republican candidates for
the gubernatorial nomination form an inter
esting pase and allow the public at large to
become acquainted with the faces and features
of the several gentlemen. California's grand
success In the building of ships of war. and the
well-deserved commendation she has thus
earned is plctorlally treated, while the car
toonß on local politics, "The Gallagher-Ma
guires at Home" and "Ajax Rottanzl," have
caught the cplrlt of the situation. Bright and
snappy editorials, ex-Senator Mulrooney's
truthful gossipy letter on political affairs, pen
sketches Of the humorous happenings of the
wck, a short story of powerful and absorbing
interest, extracts from the Old Maid's Diary,
together with theatrical comment and chat
complete a more than usually live number.
Major Tilden Is Well.
A short time ago there was a rumor in
this city that Major Charles L.. Tilden of
the California Volunteers, who went to
Manila with the first expedition, was sick
or had been wounded. His friends here
did not believe that either was the case,
and their, belief has been verified by a
letter received from him yesterday by A.
Sbarboro, the banker. The letter was
dated at Camp Dewey on July 21, and
after requesting Mr. Sbarboro to give his
best wishes to friends in San Francisco,
the major says that his health is very
much improved and taat he has never felt
better in his life.
Hot Time in an Asa Barrel.
Early yesterday morning a fire did $430
worth of damage to two three-story
frame buildings at 54 and 56 Oak street,
owned by Frank A. Myers and occupied
by W. E. Shaw. Karl Schmidt and J.
Goddard. The fire was caused by the
overheating of an ash barrel.
Triduum at St. Francis.
The Triduum that began at St. Francis
Church last Thursday will be concluded
to-morrow (Sunday) evening at vespers.
Rev. T. Caraher. the pastor, will preach
the closing sermon.
No one will use a fountain pen after
[ trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
x a nujrijii x xii'uijo
X ... .A.T THE . . . ;
X The whole store, as far as summer goods are concerned, is a bargain counter "
+ We quote just a sprinkling of those bargains here. ]
X BTORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
t COLORED DRESS goods. :
♦ THE CREAM OF OUR SPRING BUYING AT LESS THAN THE COST TO MANUFACTURE. ;
+ At lOr 79 Pieces DOUBLE ~FOLD DRESS GOODS, bouretted ef- ■>
+ A I ivri> fects, former price 23c a yard; on special sale at 10c a yard. «
t" if Iflr 94 P lece s DOUBLE FOLD CHECKED SUITING, bright
-♦- ill IVt colorings, regular value 25c a yard; on special sale at 10c a "
+ yard.
. if -in r 63 pieces DOUBLE FOLD WOOL DRESS GOODS, new fall
■^ Al AUt styles, value for 35c a yard; on special sale at 20c a yard.
4- if 'y^c 41 pieces 38-INCH WOOL NOVELTY CHECKS, stylish col- -
Al *«'t orings, fine value for 35c a yard; on special sale at 25c a .
+ yard.
At 4-^r 37 P leces NOVELTY OTTOMAN FRENCH PLAIDS, ele- ■
"*" Al myJ\* gant designs and rings, worth 75c a yard; on special sale .
+ at 45c a yard.
♦ At t?f|r 21 Pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL BROWN MIXED ■
Al sJVTL. COVERT CLOTH, former price $1 25 a yard; on special sale -
. at 50c a yard. ,
* LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
-f
♦ .A/t SO Cents.
♦ LADIES' COTTON MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, in black and fancy -
+ colors, Spanish flounce with double . ruffle, worth }1; will be placed .
+ on sale at 50c each.
I LADIES' JACKETS ~ ,
♦ , .
♦ J±t
"*" LADIES' CHEVIOT JACKETS, colors navy, brown and black, fly .
+ fronts, faced with silk serge, worth $8 50; will be placed on sale at ,
•f- $5 each.
X At"s6.sO.
+ LADIES' CHEVIOT JACKETS, in black and dark gray, fly fronts, •
+ faced with silk serge, worth $10; will be placed on sale at $6 50 each.
♦ At~57.60. i
"7 LADIES' JACKETS, In black diagonal cloth, fly fronts, faced with
"♦" silk, worth $12 50; will be placed on sale at $7 50 each.
* BLACK DRESS GOODS.
X
4. 15 pieces 56-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH SERGE, regular price
x $1 50; will be offered at $1 a yard.
♦ At'^Too.
"♦" 15 pieces 45-INCH PIEROLA CLOTHS, in a variety of designs, worth
+ $1 50; will be sold at $1. .-
i RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
"*" At 9flr 3-INCH ALL-SILK FANCY RIBBONS, assorted colors,
•♦- Al XVfi, value 40c; will be closed out at 20c.
x if -It- 4-INCH ALL-SILK FANCY RIBBONS, In striped and
Al jGr\J\s checked, value 50c; will be closed out at 25c.
♦ LADIES' KID GLOVES.:
t J±t 9O OerLts.
T 32 dozen LADIES" 2-CLASP FRENCH LAMB GLOVES, colors brown,
red, mode, navy, tan and green, also black (extra good .valjie); will
"*■ be on special sale at 90c a pair.
■♦- EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED AND FITTED.
X Ifflg Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
SIB, WALTER SCOTT.
The Anniversary of His Birth Com
memorated by St. Andrew's
t Society.
The one hundred and twenty-seventh
anniversary of the hirth of Sir Walter
Scott was commemorated last evening In
Scottish Hall by the membership of St.
Andrew's Society by an entertainment
and dance. There were present a goodly
number of those who love to show their
admiration for Scotland's great romance
writer and poet. The choice programme
included a most eloquent address on
Scott, his life and his works, i>v D. Ed
ward Collins of Oakland, and vocal selec
tions by George St. John Bremner, Miss
Daisy V. Keane, Miss Weir, Miss Char
lotte Weir, William Balnaves. Arthur J.
Kennedy, Robert M. Gilchrist. Miss Jean
Goldie Amps, Miss Florence Lane. E.
Reginald Keene, Georgo Mueser, Miss
Bertha Oprecht and H. B. Smith. Each
number of Scottish music was received
with liberal applause, men followed a
choice programme of dances, and It whs
after midnight when "Auld Lang Syne"
was given.
Spring Valley's Indebtedness.
A report of the meeting of the stock
holders of the Spring Valley Water
Works, held at 126 Stockton street on
the 4th lnst., at which it was decided to
increase the bonded indebtedness of the
corporation to the extent of $4,000,000, was
filed In the office of the County Clerk
yesterday. The report, or certificate of
increase of the bonder! indebtedness, was
signed by Charles Webb Howard, A. H.
jßyson, G. M. Beaver, S. C. Bigelow,
Charles R. Bishop. Homer £ Kinp and
A. Borel, directors of the corporation.
Prior to the Increase the bonded Indebt
edness of the eompnay was $9,975,000, and
it now aggregates $13,975,000.
Malloney Identified.
The man who poisoned himself with
morphine in the front garden of the resi
dence at 1436 Jessie street last Wednes
day night was Identified in the Morgue
yesterday as Sergeant Malloney, a ma- j
chinist 4. r > years old and unmarried. He j
was a well educated man and the son o.
a captain in the British army. Twenty
years ago the deceased was a conducto
on the Market -street Railroad and was
known as "The King." Nothing Is known
as to the cause of his suicide.
Mrs. Carey of 1 Willow avenue is an
aunt of the dead man.
Captain Nevills Seriously Sick.
Tnited States Court Commissioner Hea
cock was Informed yesterday by Dr. W in
slow Anderson that Captain W. A. >e
vills was dangerously sick and wouM not
be able to attend his examination on the
Federal Indictment charging him wltn
having written an obscene letter to Mrs
Elsie Williams. The examination was
thereupon postponed until September 30.
It is doubtful when the captain re
cover.
Patriotic Union Mass Meeting.
The Patriotic Union mass meeting at
the Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets, to
morrow afternoon promises to be most
interesting. It will be known an Chap
lains 1 day? Brief addresses will be made
by Chaplains Williams of the Fifty-first
lowa Rfgiment. Schliemann of the
Twentieth Kansas and Leland of the
First Tennessee Regiment. Madame
Alice Waltz will sing "The Holy City"
and "The Star Spangled Banner." The
service commences promptly at 3 o'clock
and is open to the public.
Camera Club Exhibition.
The California Camera Club entertained
Its friends last night at the Metropolitan
Temple with an illustrated lecture by
Frederick I. Monsen. The subject of tha
lecture was, "The Monuments of a Pre
historic Race." Mr. Monsen during the
season of 1897-88 made an exploration of
the great canyons of the Southwest, and
took some pictures of «-xrrptional excel
lence, the great majority of which were
projected on the canvas last night. Dur
ing the Intermission Bobert Lloyd Bang
a selection from the "Postilion. He »ai
obliged to give an encore.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
DR. MEYERS & co.
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only.
S These able specialists
-**?<i§L s^*3^!^ have been a success
/3§gS^j*2si3l for 17 years. They
ggy^*^ IB have the largest and
'Sfciir iB best equipped institu-
<*HS3 ij tion on the coast for
V"^3f . *—ii!lfjfin!?> treating ailments of
(HlSr (OTW) men. Ailments recent-
\ifii pC? ssr ly contracted or thosa
V£j» I /__rS which have become
X** 1 * I ,«fr9K§J dangerous from bad
*WM it££*£Z)yr treatment or neglect
5- IvfßiVs ■••'■s■ it are quickly and perma-
5; nently cured by Dr.
£ Meyers & Co.
£ Victims of nervous
*» debility, partial or
„_„,»,„ loss of vital power, drains, losses,
f,T which have been brought on by excesses.
indiscretions, overwork," worry, etc., quickly
and permanently restored to perfect manhood.
No Pay Till Cured— Consultation Free
You take no chances in treating with Dr.
Meyers & Co. They will not only make you
sound and well but you may keep your money
until you are permanently cured. Dr. Meyer*
& Co.'s dealings with patients either at office
or by mail are sacredly confidential.
While a personal Interview is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the Doc-
tors. Sufferers who cannot visit the city or
call on a part of the staff when they make
their regular monthly visits to interior towns,
should write for ■ private book for men, free
treatise on any disease, symptom blanks and
advice— all free.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
1* 1 VB nrv i t An Hours daily 8 to 12—1 to K.
TAKE ELEVATOR Evening* 7 to 8
■ ■ - Sundays 9 to 11. _^
TO PROPERTY OWNERS
WANTED—
For a large . Institution, suitable office quar-
1 ters, to contain about 10 rooms, In one or two
stories, central location, between Market, Slit-
ter, Stockton and Polk, corner preferred: 10-
year lease guaranteed. Apply ' to EDMUND
KOIiLOFRATH, 933 Market street.