VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 43.
SHAFTER'S DEMANDS FOR
SURRENDER ARE REFUSED
ENTRANCE TO HARBOR OF CARTAGENA, SPAIN, FOR WHICH ADMIRAL CAMARA'S FLEET IS SAID TO BE HEADING.
CAMPOS MAY FORM A
NEW MINISTRY THAT WILL
BE FAVORABLE TO PEACE
But tl^e United States Will Not Open Negotiations
Until SpaiQ flooounces Directly \\er Willirjgness
to Er)d the War.
NEW YORK, July 12— The
Herald's Washington corresin ind
ent telegra .s: Advices received
by the- authorities to-day from
entativea of this Govern
ment In London confirm the re
port of the resignation of the Sa
: aata ministry and announce
that General Martinet Campos
will form c new cabinet. The
selection of Campos means, the
officials believe, that the new
ministry will b^ favorable to
peace. In one sense the sel ction
of Campos is in the nature of a
sop to the army, which wields
Btrong influence . Spanish af
fairs, sin . the new Prime Min
ister must be governed to a cer
tain degree by the pressure
which it will exert.
According to official advices it has
always been the cry of the army that
it stands ready to retrieve the losses
of the navy, but should Santiago fall
into the hajids 0 the American troops
the entire army under Lieutenant Gen
eral Linares will be captured with it.
Then this response will be taken from
the army, and General Campos will
probably be relieved from the pressure
of tr t body and will be able to con
sider the proposition tr enter Into peace
negotiations with the United States.
It is known by the officials that Eu
ropean powers and the Vatican have
been making efforts to induce the Mad
rid Government to take measures to
end the war, but Senor Sagasta has
been opposed to such action, and the
: ore rai without result except to
bring .-.bout the fall of the Cabinet of
■which he was chief. A different state
Of affairs will probably exist when
Campos la installed, but untn the new
Ministers assume the reins of govern
ment the officials admit that peace talk
will be merely idle gossip.
It is positively uenied in official cir
cles that any direct peace negotiations
have been instituted or that proposi
tions <>f any kind have been submitted
to Spain by this Government. State
Department officials are chary about
discussing the outlook for the reason
that there is nothing tangible on which
to has.- their statements. They deny
emphatically, however, that this Gov
ernment has in any way intimated
what terms it is willing to give. When
Spain announces directly to the United
States her willingness to end the war
they say that the President will inform
her of the ten. s upon which he will
be v..lling to make peace.
No third power will be consulted in
any way, not even In the way of being
the medium through which the propo
sition will be made or received.
ADDITIONAL SHIPS
NOT REQUIRED NOW
NEW YORK, July 12.-A Washing-
A
ton special to the Herald says: That it
is the confident expectation of the
Navy Department that the war with
Spain will close within the next few
months is shown by the action of the
Board of Construction In recommend
ing against the purchase of four ships
for conversion into auxiliary cruisers
which are under construction at the
Cramps' ship yards.
A special board convened in Philadel
phia to inspect the ships informed the
department that they were in such a
state of completion that it will be a
comparatively easy matter to make al
terations which would result in their
transformation into third-rate cruisers.
The board fixed six months as the time
necessary to put them into conditi(m
for effective service.
It has been the belief of the depart
ment that the ships could be got ready
for sea within two months and a half.
Jn view of the length of time necessary
, to complete the ships and the probabil
ity of peace within that period the
; Board of Construction determined to
I recommend to the department that the
vessels be not purchased. Secretary
; Long will probably approve the rec
ommendation.
MINISTERIAL CRISIS
YET HANGS FIRE
LONDON, July 13.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says: The
crisis hangs fire. The Ministers still
meat in council and the difficulties of
retirement seem even greater than the
difficulties of remaining in office. The
Conservatives are not prepared to ac
cept office and it is hard to imagine a
Liberal Cabinet without an undisputed
Liberal leader. The logical conclusion
is that Senor Sagasta must accept the
responsibility <<f deciding whether or
not to open peace negotiations.
AFTER PEACE "COME
THE CARLISTS
Special cable to The Call ami the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IKDS. by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 12.— Among the most
difficult problems facing the present
Government which individually and
collectively desires peace, is a dispatch
from Captain General Blanco who af
firms that the spirit of the people of
Cuba renders the proposition of a ces
sation of hostilities impossible.
The Government, if it can be so
called, when all members have their
resignations in abeyance, is in a quan
dary as to the peace proposition.
"The public has declared it would
mean a Carlist rising. A prolongation
of the war means the bombardment of
Cadiz." Such are the words to-day of
a responsible statesman. One of the
leading gentlemen to-day said in
speaking of the Carlist question, which
is a serious one of moment: "A Carlist
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
insurrection would be of the greatest
benefit to the regency, as it woufd con
centrate all the liberal elements around
the throne."
The Government has taken ample
measures against the Carlists should it
to-morrow decide upon peace. There
is now good reason to suppose that no
internal dissensions will be strong
enough to alter the course chosen. The
Government has telegraphed to Mon
tero Rios, President of the Senate, to
come at once to Madrid. The signifi
cance of this lit-s In the fact that Rios
is a stanch partisan of peace.
FEAR AN EPIDEMIC
OF YELLOW FEVER
Precautions Taken by the Medical
Department to Guard the Men
at Santiago.
NEW YORK. July 12.— A Washington
special to the Herald says:
"At this time of the year the city of
Santiago de Cuba is a regular hotbed
for yellow fever," Surgeon General
Wyman of the Marine Hospital Serv
ice said to me to-day.
Although according to the latest re
ports which have been received by the
medical department from Santiago
there is not a case of yellow fever
among the American troops, every pre
caution is being taken by Surgeon (Jen
eral Sternberg to prepare for an out
break of the disease among the troops
Major George W. Dare of the medicai
department has been detailed to go to
New Orleans and enlist sixty immune
yellow fever nurses. These men are to
be sent to Santiago and will be on hand
in case of an outbreak of fever among
the troops.
The Government authorities have re
ceived positive information that there
are now several cases of yellow fever
In the city of Santiago. It is greatly
feared that after the American troops
have possession of the city the disease
will break out among them, and
the authorities want to be in readiness
to successfully meet and keep the dis
ease from spreading.
VESSEL LEAVES TAMPA
WITH FILES' OUTFIT
Military Attaches From Three For-
eign Countries Sail With the
Expedition.
TAMPA, Fla., July 12.— The steam
ship Lampasas sailed from here to-day
for Santiago. She carried General
Miles' outfit. Captain Scott and his
bureau of military information and a
large cargo of Red Cross and engineer
ing supplies. Besides this there were
fifteen horses for artillery use and the
Engineering Corps from the First Regi
mont of the District of Columbia, which
has been here since that regiment left.
A large number of pontoons were car
ried, as well as shovels, picks, axes and
many other implements for the use of
the engineers in road building. The
GENERAL BROOKE
WILL LEAD TROOPS
TO PORTO RICO
Following the pall of SaQtiago the
Men Will H ave a I^est Before
th)e Second Invasior).
NEW YORK, July 12. — The Washington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: Major General J. R. Brooke will be in command
of the army that will be sent to invade Porto Rico. General Miles
will exercise supervision in a sense similar to that in which he now ex
ercises supervision before Santiago. There will be not less than 25,
000 United States troops, not less than 10,000 of whom will be regulars.
At the fall of Santiago the men will have a brief rest, and will then
mova on Porto Rico. No more troops will be sent from the United
States to Santiago.
""It would be," said a War Department official to me to-day, "like
sending coal to Newcastle."
The place of landing lor the Porto Rican expedition has not yet
been determined upon by the administration. Landing points are scarce
on the Porto Rican coast, but a naval ba.-e similar to Guantanamo will
be captured, and it will not be San Juan. In this connection, how
ever, the Bureau of Naval Intelligence has been for several days turn
ing out matter touching upon the advantages to the United States of
the possession of Porto Rico, and especially of San Juan. One of the
advantages of San Juan as a possession is stated to be that it is al
most in a straight sailing line with the projected inter-oceanic canal.
In advance of the army will go a part of Admiral Sampson's fleet.
military attaches from Italy, Japan and
G?rmany also are on board, and a large
number of Red Cross nurses and phy
sicians. The Lampasas had in tow a
large lighter which will be used for
unloading the transports at Santiago
de Cuba.
MINES TO BE REMOVED
FROM OUR HARBORS
Cabinet Yields to a Deluge of Pro-
tests From Commercial Centers
of the Country.
"WASHINGTON. July 12.— The Secre
tary of War has ordered the removal of
all the submarine mines -which protect
the harbors of the United States against
the entry of hostile ships. This action
was decided upon at to-day's Cabinet
meeting. For weeks past, in fact, al
most since the beginning of hostilities,
the War Department has been deluged
with protests from the commercial cen
ters of the country against th; continu
ance of these mines, which operated to
the great detriment of commerce. In
certain cases influences were brought to
bear that secured an abatement of the
rules, but this only increased the dis
satisfaction in the localities where they
wore rigidly enforced. Practically it has
been impossible for shinning to enter or
leave any of the harbors of the United
States during the last two months be
tween the hours of sunset and sunrise.
The decision of the Cabinet to remove
these mines is one of the most signal
manifestations of the supreme confi
dence of the Government in the future,
and of the exemption of United States
ports from an attack at the hands of
any hostile power.
The order of removal, It Is said. Is
to apply to localities where the Inter
est of commerce demands the same. In
cases where it is safe an effort will be
made to remove the mines instead of
exploding them. Wherever there is any
doubt they will be exploded. The ac
tion of the sea In some instances causes
the dynamite in the ellipsoidal vessel*
to ooze out through the screw threads
where the plug is inserted, and unless
the best care is taken the removal of
the plug may cause an explosion.
It will be some days before the actual
operation of removing or exploding the
mines can be put in practice and the
question as to whether the interests of
commerce demand it will be left to the
discretion of engineer officers having
jurisdiction over the various districts
of the United States. Orders for carry-
Ing into effect the decision of the Cabi
net will be sent to them immediately.
Great care will be exercised by these
officers to avoid any accident.
While the mines proper are to be re
moved all the incidental attachments
necessary to their installation and
operation will be retained, such as the
casements, anchors, the cable connec
tions and the switch boxes, so that if
It is found necessary to replace the
mines it may be done on the shortest
notice.
DRENCHING RAINS
RETARD OPERATIONS
Spanish Trenches Flooded, but the
Men Stubbornly Hold Their
Positions.
Special cable to The Tall and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1838. by James Gor
don Hennett.
HAVANA, July 12.— The American
army continued to harass Santiago, but
not in such force as yesterday because
of the heavy rains. Some of the Span
ish trenches are flooded, but the sol
diers do not complain, and continue to
hold their position heroically.
The land batteries of the Americans
bombarded Santia^n yesterday, simul
taneously with the fleet, infiirt'ing some
damage to the Santa Inez and San An
tonto forts. In town three houses were
destroyed, but no civilians were wound
ed. Of the Spanish troops Lieutenant
Francisco Diaz and fifteen soldiers
were wounded and one was killed.
The attack was begun by the Ameri
cans at 4:45 oclock yesterday afternoon.
A heavy fire of musketry and artillery
was begun from the direction of San
Juan and Sueno. The American fleet
joined in the attack an hour later. The
American fire ceased at 7 o'clock. The
Spanish held their position and the
Americans did not advance from their
entrenchments.
Lieutenant Colonel Pascual Herrera
Is seriously wounded, yet he may re
cover.
TORAL YET
DETERMINED
TO RESIST
So flnotrjer Truce Is Ar
ranged at trje City of
Santiago.
Torrents of Rair) Prevent the
Hauling of Artillery and Delay
American Operations.
BEFORE SANTIAGO, via Playa del Este, Guantan
amo Bay, July 12. — This morning General Toral sent out a
reply to General Shafter's second demand for the uncondi
tional surrender of Santiago, made by the latter yesterday
afternoon.
In his reply General Toral referred to his refusal to ac
cede to the American demand made on Sunday and again
reiterated his determination to resist.
Notwithstanding this the American
batteries did not open lire this morning,
and the renewal of the bombardment
will probably be postponed until to
morrow (Wednesday), when it is hoped
that all of General Randolph's batteries
will be in position. The siege guns
landed yesterday will also be brought
up as soon as possible.
Torrents of rain fell last night,
drowning out the boys in the trenches
and making the road almost impassa
ble. This may delay the batteries and
siege guns. The volunteers who are
being hurried on to the front are being
located along the right center in the
positions which have been occupied by
General Lawton's division, while the
latter has moved forward down to the
right, until he controls the road to
Caimes, along which Toral would have
to retreat should he now be foolhardy
enough to make the attempt.
The Cubans under General Calixto
Garcia took Caimes without opposition
on Monday night, and have entrench
ments on either side of the road. The
Americans are now in position to strike
the enemy in the left flank and follow
it up, making the Spanish entrench
ments north of the city untenable.
General Toral, realizing the weakness
of this (lank, has been busy during the
existence of thp truce in doubling back
with entrenchments and fixing his guns
in the direction from which he is
threatened. Most of General Randolph's
guns will be located upon the heights
in the center of General Lawton's new
position, where they command the
town. Yesterday afternoon the Ca
pron and Haines batteries on the right
succeeded In tearing up the emplace
ments for a "palm" battery, as it Is
called, and in plumping shells into sev-
eral blockhouses on salients, but the
shots directed at the Spaniards
in the trenches did not appear
to have much effect. Shrapnel
were rapidly broken directly over the
trenches, yet In five minutes the
trenches at every point of explosion
would be alive with the enemy. They
would watch for the flashes of our
guns and drop before the shells ex
ploded.
Our mortar fire was directed at the
Spanish bull ring, and tore up almost
everything in the vicinity. It is un
derstood the bull ring is being used as
a barracks.
Three large steamers lie in the har
bor alongside the Philadelphia Iron
Company's wharf and a small Spanish
gunboat is anchored at the head of the
bay. All these could be plainly seen
by the Associated Press correspondent.
The First Illinois Volunteers and the
District of Columbia Volunteers are
now located In the trenches that were
REPORT OF SURRENDER DENIED.
ROME, July 12. — The Tribune of this city publishes an
> undated Kingston (Jamaica) dispatch, received at 6:20 p. m.
! to-day, affirming that the city of Santiago de Cuba has ca
> pitulated.
I MADRID, July 12, 9 p. m. — After the Cabinet coun
> cil the Ministers asserted that Santiago de Cuba had again
* refused the American demand for surrender.
> Duke Almodovar de Rio, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
' said there was nothing to justify reports regarding a conclu
» sion of peace.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
occupied last week by General Chaf
fee's brigade.
RAIN INTERFERES
WITH OPERATIONS
NEW YORK, July 12.— A Washing
j ton special to the Herald says: Rain
: seriously interfered with the operations
■ of the American army before Santiago
j to-day, and dispatches which had been
j received up to a late hour to-night ln
! dicate that while the position of the
. troops has been somewhat strength
| ened, nothing more has' been accom
: plished. One dispatch had- been re
| ceived from Major General Miles and
i two from Major General Shafter. Gen
eral Miles, in his dispatch, which was
; received this morning, spoke of the
difficulty of transporting artillery and
] supplies to the front, and urged the
necessity of having more draught anl
; mals. He also asked for pile drivers
I and appliances for building wharves,
and as indicating the reason for the
! condition of the roads, he said the
; heaviest rain he had ever known was
! falling.
This is General Shafter's first dis
patch:
PLATA DEL ESTE. via Haytl.
July 12. — Headquarters Fifth
Army Corps. Adjutant General,
Washington:
It has been very quiet, with
but little fighting. A flag of
truce has been up since 2 o'clock.
They are considering a proposi
tion for surrendering at noon.
We have the town surrounded on
the north. The lines were com
pleted at 5 p. m. by General Lud
low right down to the bay. The
line is rather thin, but will have
it strengthened in the morning
by General Henry, who has just
arrived at headquarters. Only
three or four casualties, and no
one killed as far as I can learn.
Expect to have two of the new
batteries in position to-morrow.
There is a great deal of suffering
among the people who have gone
out of Santiago. Am doing my
best to relieve it, but am not en
tirely successful. SHAFTER.
General Shafter's second dispatch
was received late this evening. In it
he said it had been impossible to ac
complish much on account of the se
vere tropical rainstorm, but he had suc
ceeded in improving his position some
what. He said that the bombardment
of the fleet had been effective. As he
spoke of no other bombardment it is
believed that the land forces did not
fire on the city to-day. From his state
ment that he had improved his posi
tion It is believed that he has probably2
POWDER WORKS
BLOWN UP AT
POMPTON, N. J.
Eleven Men Killed, Twenty Badly
Injured and Two Buildings
Demolished,
Fierce Fire. Adds to the Terrors of the Catas
trophe—Heroic Work of New Jersey
Troops.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Two explo
sions, which killed eleven men, wound
ed about twenty others and wrecked
two buildings, occurred at the plant of
the Laflin-Kand Powder Works at
J'umpton, N. J.. to-day. The first ex
plosion was in the house where gun
cotton was being made and the second,
presumably superinduced by concus
sion, was in the drying house, close by.
Throe men were in the mixing room
when the explosion occurred and they
were blown to atoms. Chief Engineer
Craig, who was in the engine room, had
his head crushed to a jelly in the
wreckage of the boiler house, the side
fit' which was blown out. John Phillips
was standing near a tree some distance
from the mixing house. His head was
blown from his body and was picked
up eighty feet away. His body was
friglufully torn by the force of the ex
plosion and his clothing was whipped
from his body.
The foreman of the drying room was
also blown to pieces and a number of
Italians who were digging a trench in
the rear of the building were killed.
The most seriously injured was William
Emmons, a private of Company I, New
Jersey Volunteers. He was horribly
torn by flying splinters. It is not likely
lhat he will recover. Charles Lukes of
Butler was also probably fatally in
jured.
The first explosion was at about 10:30
o'clock. Before the noise and roar of it
had died away there was a second,
louder and more terrific than the first.
The roar was heard for miles and the
concussion broke windows in all direc
tjonp. The explosion was followed by
a fire which threatened to spread to the
other buildings of the plant, in which
tons of hitrh explosives were stored.
Five companies of the Third New Jer
sey Volunteers have been stationed at
the plant since the war with Spain
began, and they were ordered under
arms and went to the scene of the ex
plosion at double-quick time. Within
ten minutes the soldiers had formed a
cordon about the entire works and
soon the firemen were at work trying
to quench the flames. Almost imme
diately after the explosion the anxious
relatives of the men working at the
mill congregated near the scene. The
soldiers tried every means to keep the
crou.l back, telling them of the danger
of further explosions and the impossi
bility of their passing the line. Women,
frantic with anxiety, tried to rush
through and the soldiers w<^re compell
ed to fix bayonets to hold the crowd
back.
As the Injured came through the lines
of soldiers the scenes of excitement
were redoubled. Every one of the
strengthened his intrenchments as
much as possible in view of the storm,
and that he has nrobabh- been able to
bring up some of the reinforcements
and extend his lines so as to more com
pletely invent the city.
Nothing is said in any of the dis
patches about any of the Spaniards
having escaped from the city, but
officials here fear that some of them
may have succeeded in geting out
and escaping in the direction of Hol
guin or Manzanillo.
Secretary of War Alger sent a dis
patch to General Shafter to-day direct- ;
ing him to send a dispatch to-night, de
tailing the situation at Santiago and
informing the department of his plans
for to-morrow. Up to this time this
dispatch has not been received, but the
President and Secretary Alger are j
hourly expecting it.
The dispatch from General Miles re- |
ferring to the difficulty a in getting the I
artillery to the front, it is believed, in- j
dicates that up to this morning Gen
eral Shafter had not succeeded in get
ting all his guns in place in the in
trenchments at the front. The dis
patches from the front to-day have i
produced the impression that Generals j
Miles and Shafter do not intend to ■
make an aggressive movement until
their greatly extended lines have been j
strengthened by reinforcements which
have arrived during the last few days,
but which the heavy rains to-day have !
probably retarded.
General Shafter's dispatch shows that
he has the city completely surrounded
on its land sides, and his lines extend
ing north of the city and down to the
head of the bay, thus shutlng off es
cape to the westward except by cross
ing the bay. _
STRICT QUARANTINE
IS ESTABLISHED
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Ajwoclated Press.
PLATA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo
Bay, Cuba, July 12. — The known pres
ence of yellow fever at Caimanera,
Guantanamo and other towns in the
vicinity of Camp McCalla and along the
coast has resulted in the establishment
of the strictest quarantine. Hereafter
no communication will be allowed with
SPANISH CRUISER ON
A SECRET MISSION
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898
by Jameti Gordon Bennett.
ANTWERP, Belgium, July 12.— The Spanish auxiliary t
cruiser Cludad de Cadiz mysteriously arrived this morning *
from Corunna under command of Lieutenant Jedenco Ebariez. *
She has had her name effaced and refused to receive a visit *
from customs officers on board. The object of her visit is *
kept secret and she sailed for an unknown port this after- «
noon. She carries a crew of 165 men, four 5-Inch guns, two <
3-inch guns and four revolver guns. General astonishment <
was manifested at the mysterious mannerof her arrival and <
departure. *
I workingmen who came out was imme
: diately surrounded and begged foi
j word of those who had been left be
j hind, many of whom are still missing.
The fire was soon under control and
j finally quenched. The search for other
: dead and missing was immediately
I begun and will be prosecuted diligently.
! During the fire two tanks, each of
! which contained a ton of nitro-glyoer
ine, were in constant danger of being
exploded by flying sparks.
The Laflin-kand Company had been
I engaged in the manufacture of brown
i powder, nitro-glycerine, guncotton and
! smokeless powder under contract to
i the Government. The loss to the com
pany will be great, but it is said a
reconstruction of the. wrecked build
: ings will begin at daylight to-morrow
: and that the plant will be in full run
! ning order in two weeks.
After the explosion there was some
| talk of a Spanish spy being implicated
I in the attempt to destroy the powder
j mill, but the theory of the'men connect
ed with the works is that a grain of
| gravel or sand got into some powder
j which was in process of handling in
the mixing room and that as it went
through the machinery the foreign
| substance came in contact with a met
al surface and threw out a spark,
which ignited the explosive.
The list of killed is as follows:
John Craig, chief engineer of the
works.
William Brennan, car driver.
James Phillips.
Daniel Freeman, boss of the drying
room.
William Fisher, inside worker.
William Fisher Jr., helper.
John Bonnntta, laborer.
Casper Cozzino, Italian laborer.
Guido Marino, fragment of a body
found.
Jose Cossene, Italian laborer.
A canvass of Pompton Plains shows
that G. R. Garrigan, an employe of the
company, is missing.
Adjutant Patterson of the Third
Regiment says the men hf the regi
ment showed the greatest coolness in
the face of the greatest danger.
About 5 o'clock In the evening, while
the night guards were being posted,
they came across a body, or rath«r
a portion of one. This made eleven
killed. This man appears to have been
working on the side of the mountain, a
thousand yards from the works. His
head was blown off. Who he was no
one seems to know.
Working in the guncotton rooms
when the explosion occurred was a man
named Fisher. The body found on the
mountain side may be his. as his rer
mains have not been found. A boy, a
son of Fisher, is also missing . He was
working with his father and he may
have been blown to pieces.
the north side of the bay, and no one
will be permitted to land from vessel?
entering the harbor here without a
special permit from the commanding
officer. This may result in considerable
inconvenience to the newspaper dis
patch boats. It also cuts off communi
cation with the insurgent forces around
Guantanamo under the command of
General Perez and the regiment of Col
onel Thomas.
The rules will also be rigidly enforced
at Camp McCalla, although the general
health of the American marines is re
markably good.
The Spaniards in and around Caima
nera have been show' — erreat activity
during the last two or three, days, and
their forces have been apparently in
creased from Guantanamo. The bold
ness of thp American launches in ven
turing up beyond the port and the pres
ence of a large number of warships in
the lower bay have evidently led the
Spanish to believe that an attack is
planned at that point.
SPANIARDS AWAIT
WATSON'S SQUADRON
Speria! cable to Th»> Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gor
don nennett.
PORT SAID, July 12.— The Spanish
fleet was seen off Cape Burlos last
night at midnight going about eight
knots an hour.
LONDON, July 13.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily News says:
Orders have been received by the Se
ville garrison to hold itself in readi
ness to proceed to the defense of the
coasts. It is believed that the garri
son's destination Is a camp near Gi
braltar. The order is widely com
mented upon. The United States Con
suls at Gibraltar and Tangiers have
enormous quantities of coal, and Amer
ican colliers are reported between Cape
Spartell on the northwest coast of Mo
rocco and St. Vincent.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph
from Gibraltar says the American
squadron is expected at Tangier about
Friday.
NEW YORK, July 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Each
day's delay in the capture of Santiago
means that much time is lost in the
departure of the Eastern squadron for
Spain. The necessity of keeping Rear
Admiral Sampson's ships well supplied
with coal has required the retention of
some of the colliers attached to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
eastern squadron In Southern Cuban
w&ters. The result has been that the
Navy Department has been compelled
to revoke the orders directing the col
liers to come north at once and some
of these ships have not yet arrived at
Hampton Roads.
As the Herald has stated it was in
tended the fleet of 'colliers should leave
that point on Thursday evening under
convoy of the auxiliary cruiser Yankee,
but now it has practically been decided
to send the Yankee to Santiago and
there to transfer the ammunition she
has ta,ken on board as a cargo to the
battleships Oregon and Massachusetts,
and then return to Hampton Roads for
final orders. The Scindia, which p has
been' added to the fleet of colliers, is
undergoing repairs, and it is expected
she will be ready for sea in about a
week. This fact together with the fail
ure of some of the other colliers
assigned to the eastern squadron to put
in an appearance at Hampton Roads
makes it evident now that the fleet can
not get away as promptly as has been
expected.
MILES ORDERS
SIBONEY BURNED
WITH ARMY BEFORE SANTIAGO,
(via Playa del Este, July 11.— Major
General Nelson A. Milos promises to
take Santiago within three days.
Shocked at the condition he found in
Siboney, General Miles immediately
ordered that the town be destroyed by
fire. He decided upon this as a sani
tary measure. General Dultield, who is
confined in the hospital, is in a very
serious co-nditlon.
CEREMONY ATTENDING
THE ANNEXATION
Hfw Bear Admiral Miller Will Pro-
ceed Upon His Arrival at
Honolulu.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Instructions are being pre
pared by the President and Secretary
Long under which Rear Admiral Miller
will proceed to Honolulu within the
! r.oxt ten days, and, upon arrival at his
destination, formally proclaim the an
nexation of the Hawaiian Islands to
the United States. It" was stated at
| the Navy Department to-day that
I the cruiser Philadelphia, Rear Admiral
j Miller's flagship, would sail for Hono
lulu by July 20. Before her arrival, it
is confidently expected, the annexation
resolution will have been approved by
act of the Hawaiian Legislature.
The authorities are preparing the in
structions under which Minister Rewall
and Rear Admiral Miller will formally
take possession of the islands. These
instructions will, it is said, merely an
nounce the passage of the joint reso
lution providing for the annexation of
the Hawaiian Islands. Rear Admiral
Miller will lake with him a proclama
tion reciting the provision of the New
: lands resolution and declaring the isl
ands are part of the territory of this
! Government, which will be read when
the ceremony in connection with an
nexation is held. The Philadelphia
will fire a salute of twenty-one guns as
i the Hawaiian Hag is hauled down and
i a second salute of twenty-one guns as
the American Hag is hoisted over the
Government buildings.
In view of the return of Admiral
j Camara's squadron to Spain the Amer
ican fleet in the Philippines will not be
Increased. Admiral Dewey has ef
; fectually disposed of all of Spain's
; men-of-war in the far East and the
j transports carrying troops to Manila
i will not need a convoy, but Admiral
'■ Dewey will dispatch vessels to the north
of jthe Philippines to meet the trans
ports ,and escort them to Manila.
Senator Cullom, who has been named
' as chairman of the committee to d*aw
up such legislation for the government
l«nf the Hawaiian Islands as may be
J desirable, was in conference with the
President to-day. He has been tele
1 graphing to steamship lines regard
1 ing the sajling of the commission
and announces that he hopes it will
; leave San Francisco about August 1.
The character of the government for
t!i^ islands has been the subject of an
informal discussion in Washington. It
! has practically been decided to provide
as liberal a government as possible,
; it being the opinion that the people
; have already shown a capacity for self
i government, which should be consid-
I ered by the United States.
OUR COAL SUPPLY IN
DANISH WEST INDIES
It Is Believed Vessels Will Be Per-
mitted to Take on Fuel at
St. Thomas.
NEW YORK, July 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Offi
cial information has been received at
Washington that the Governor of the
Danish West Indies has prohibited the
transfer of coal owned by the United
States to American men-of-war with
out his knowledge. Before the out
break of the war 'the State Depart
ment, at the instance of Secretary Long
on a recommendation made by Com
mander R. B. Bradford, cabled to Con
sul Van Home directing him to buy
practically the entire available supply
of coal at that point. Tn accordance
with this instruction 5000 tons were
purchased and loaded on schooners
ready for transshipment to American
warships when required. Since the war
began two vessels, the Montgomery
and Minneapolis, put Into St. Thomas,
and the Governor permitted them to
take 900 tons, ISO tons on board the
former and the remainder on the latter,
sufficient to enable them to reach the
United States.
There are now, therefore, 4000 tons
of coal belonging to the United States
lying at St. Thomas. No doubt exists
in official circles that American vessels
putting into St. Thomas will be allowed
sufficient coal to carry them to the
nearest port from the supply now at
that point.
BROOKLYN, OREGON AND
TEXAS DID THE WORK
Cervera Says That "but for Their Ac
tivity He Would Have Saved
Three Ships.
Correspondence of the Associated Press. Copy
righted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
- OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 4.—
On the return of the United States
cruiser "Brooklyn to the blockade off
Santiago de Cuba, on the evening of
July 3, the lowa reported to Commo
dore Schley that Admiral Cervera, the
admiral of the Spanish fleet, was on
board. The commodore at once went
over to pay his *-espy ts.
The Spanish admiral was much cast
down by his defeat, but preserved a
dignified and courteous demeanor not
withstanding. He said he deeply ap
preciated the fact that the men of the
Brooklyn did not exult by cheering
when it was learned that he was a
prisoner on the lowa. He replied, 'n
response to the commodore's remark
that it was the fortune of war: "Yes,
but I've lost my career now that I've
been defeated."
Commodore Schley, however, told
him that such a brave deed as that of
bringing out his squadron could never
be looked upon otherwise than a most
gallant feat, upon which Admiral Cer
vera threw his arms around the com
modore and said: "Ah, sailors alway3
are gentlemen."
Cervera spoke of the accuracy and
deadllness of the Brooklyn's fire, say
NAVAL GUNNERY
WITH SANTIAGO
AS THE TARGET
Sampson's Squadron Solves the
Problem of Shelling the
Doomed City.
Aided by Signals From the Shore It Finally Gets
the Range and Can Now Do Effective
Bombardment.
OFF AGT'ADORES, July 11, 2 p. m. '
(via Kingston, Jamaica, July 12, 2:10 j
! p. m.). — The United States navy has '
I the following problem presented to it: j
j What is the best manner of effectually
bombarding a city distant four and a
half miles and concealed from view by
a range of hills 250 feet high at its !
lowest part? i
The problem has been satisfactorily j
solved. So, if the army hereafter never
fires a shot and merely guards the
roads, the navy can make Santiago un- |
tenable, if, indeed, it does not destroy
it in a few days.
Sunday and to-day the sea was calm
er than usual, so the opportunity for
good practice was afforded. In pur- ;
suance of General Shafter's request, j
Commodore Schley, Rear Admiral ■
Sampson being absent at Guanta- j
namo, at^ 3 o'clock on Sunday after
noon ranged the Brooklyn, Indiana and j
Texas within 500 yards of the shore, j
at a point almost due south of the city i
of Santiago, distant a little over four i
and a half miles. The ships were about i
a mile apart. The army signal men ;
were on the beach opposite the ships
and also on the crest of a hill overlook
ing both the ships and the city. These j
men wig-wagged the results of each
Bhot, telling the gunners if the shell j
was aimed too high or too low or not |
in line.
Sunday's practice was good, but it ;
was better to-day, when the firing was
opened by the New York, which re- ;
turned from Guantanamo during the ,
night The New York, Brooklyn and
Indiana were the ships which particl
pated in the shelling this morning.
Each shot was carefully calculated, I
ing that, in the early part of the ac
tion, one of her shells had traversod
the entire length of the gun deck, kill
ing and wounding probably eighty men.
On the Vlzcaya alone there were 110
men killed. Admiral Cervora said he
feared the losses might be greater than
he knew, for many men were below the
decks, and when the ships were on fire
it must have been difficult for them to
escape. Cervera also said that he had
no doubt that at least three ships
would have got away had it not been
for the Brooklyn, Oregon and Texas.
BIG DEMONSTRATION AT
SCHLEY'S BIRTHPLACE
Congratulatory Resolutions Sent to
the "Vice Admiral of the
United States Navy."
FREDERICK, Md., July 12.— An en
thusiastic demonstration in honor of
Commodore Winfield Scott Schley and
j his brilliant victory at Santiago was
! held in this city to-night. The com-
I modore was born here in 1840, and
! many of those who participated in to-
I night's celebration were lifelong friends
!of the naval hero. After a procession
i in which several thousand persons took
part, a mass meeting was held in Court
house Square. Hon. James McSperry,
i chief of the Maryland Court of Appeals,
presided and addressed the assemblage.
Hon. E. R. Wood of Frederick and Mrs.
I Donald McLean, regent of the New
York Chapter, Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution, also delivered patriotic
addresses. Resolutions were adopted
congratulating Commodore Schley upon
his splendid victory. These were signed
by the city officials, engrossed and for
warded to the "Vice-Admirel of the
United States Navy."
CREW OF A SPANISH
GUNBOAT MOBBED
Seamen Attacked at Valencia After
the Defeat of Cervera at
Santiago.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Hnrald. Copyrighted, 18P8, by James Gor
don Hcnnett.
GIBRALTAR, July 12.— 1 hear on the
authority of the Russian Consul here
that the Sultan of Morocco has notihed
the powers of his neutrality.
The Vitoria is going to Corunna as a
guardship.
An officer from Valencia relates an
extraordinary story of how the crew of
a gunboat arriving there just after the
Santiago disaster was mobbed. The
crowd threatened to destroy the ves
sels. Such unreasoning violence indi
cates the popular feeling of irritation
and the trend of events. They must
find a vent hole and make somebody a
scapegoat.
HAVANA CUT OFF FROM
CABLE COMMUNICATION
Captain Young of the Hist Success
fully Performs Another
Daring Feat.
PLATA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo
.Bay, July 12.— Captain Young of the
Hist, commanding an expedition com
prised of the Hist, Hornet and Wam
patuck, yesterday, morning Monday)
while off Santa Cruz, succeeded in cut-;
ting the cable connecting Havana with
Santiago via Cienfuegos, Trinidad, the
United States and. 1 Manzanlllo.
Under cover of the night Captain
Young went in, facing superior forces,
and located the landing place of the
cable. He remained in - hiding until
daybreak, and then cut the cable fif
teen miles southeast of. Santa Cruz in
ten fathoms of water. -" ' Then he cut
off 160 feet *of the strand and towed
the end in opposite directions, each for
a couple of miles. ■
♦
NO CHANGE IN THE
MANILA SITUATION
HONGKONG, July 12— The British gun
boat Plover, wnlch left Manila on Sun
day morning, has arrived here. She re
ports that at the time of sailing there
was no change in the situation. Admiral
Dewey was awaiting the arrival of Gen
eral Merrltt. The insurgents were firing
nightly on the Spaniards, and the block
ade had finally been rendered effective.
Church Ready to Surrender.
HONGKONG, July 12.—1t is said on
what is considered good authority that
the church stands ready to surrender
Manila if its millions can be saved.
and the wig-wagging signaled from the
shore t<i the ships where each shell fell,
and notified the gunners if they had
I the proper elevation.
The ships ran out their big guns on
the side opposite the firing, in order to
secure the desired list to port or to
starboard. General Shatter signaled
about noon that "some at the shells
fell in the bay and some in the city.
The latter do not appear to do great
Comment on this subject was changed
immediately by a message, saying:
"The last shot struck a church where
powder was stored, blowing up the
same and doing great damage."
The bombardment closed for the day
at 1 p. m., at General Shafter's request,
as he was about to send a flag of truce
into the city, in order to demand its
surrender for the third and last time.
The whole proceeding was business
like in the extreme. The ordinary avo
cations on shipboard went un, punctu
ated at intervals of five minutes by the
roar of the big guns, the scream of
projectiles and the echoes from the
mountains in the rear of Morro Castle,
plainly visible to the westward and
having the bombarding ships well in
range. But not a gun was fired by the
I Spaniards.
The effect of the shells when they
did hit can easily be imagined, when it
i is kno-wn that each of them carries 250
; pounds of explosives and travels 925
i feet per second. Whenever a missile
lands at the distance of two and a
: half miles from the muzzle to the city
; It occupies 22^4 seconds In its flight.
; Four shells during the bombardment
to-day ignited fires in different parts of
• the city, proving the feasibility of burn
ing the place by using the guns of. the
i fleet alone. Death must have come to
; many in the city by reason of the shell
i Ing.
TWO ARRIVALS
FROM DAWSON
Tell Their Experience to
Hal Hoffman.
BIG CLEAN-UPS AND FIZZLES
STREAM OF GOLD-HUNTERS ON
THE MOVE.
Projects to Improve Transportation
Facilities by All Reutes from
This Coast to the
Mines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, July 8 (by steam
ship City of Topeka to Victoria, B. C,
July 12).— Brad Cole of Douglas Island
and William Lawson have arrived out
fresh from Dawson. They are the
first to come over the up-river trail
this summer, and they bring news that
is surprising. Cole, who is here, will
leave for Victoria in a few days to pur
chase a certain line of goods, while
Lawson has remained at Lake Bennett
to boss the construction of a scow, on
which they will take the Victoria mer
chandise into the great gold mining
camp.
The Klondike, he says, is upholding
even the most extravagant ideas of the
wealth that lies hidden in the gravel of
the creeks that descend from the
mountains, and in general the clean
up will be all that was anticipated. On
the way up the river Cole and Lawson
were never out of sight of a boat, raft
or scow loaded with grub and men
bound for Dawson. Cole says that if
they had stopped to talk to all who
wanted to converse with them about
Dawson and the clean-up they would
not have got out of the country this
summer. Two thousands of men
floating down the river just seem to be
heading for Dawson and don't know
where they are going or what they are
going to do after they get there. When
a man expecting to hunt gold gets into
the Yukon basin his troubles and hard
work are just beginning.
"Talk at-ut San Francisco or Seat
tle," he says, "why you have never seen
a lively town unless you have seen
Dawson. The clean-up was being made
when we left. There was plenty of
grub, everybody had money, and night
found all the people enjoying them
selves. The little. steamer May West,
which stuck on the fiats last fall, got
up the river just before we left, bring
ing some nails. Nails were previously
worth about $1 each in Dawson. Now
building that was delayed from lack of
nails is going ahead.
"Major Walsh decided that no liquor
licenses should be issued, and now
everybody who has liquor for sale is
running his place wide open. The
number of female inhabitants is ten
to one compared with the quota that
ADVERTISEMENTS,
I Can Eat
Anything now, and it makes me so
happy," writes a Vermont woman," be-
cause lam now perfectly free from those
old deathly feelings, when I could not
keep anything on my stomach, had
pains in my back and side. I owe it
all to Hood's Sarsaparilla, three bottles
of which have made me perfectly well
and I am growing strong and fleshy."
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; 6 f or |5.
HOOD'S PILLS cure sick headache. 25 cts.
SHAFTER'S LAND
BATTERIES DO
SPLENDID WORK
In Better Positions on Resuming
Hostilities at the End of
the Armistice.
All Avenues of Escape Cut Off From the En
emy While Shells Demolish Their
Intrenchments.
BEFORE SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
July 11 (via Port Antonio, July 12, via
Kingston, July 12, 3 p. m.)— When the
fire opened from the American lines
after the conclusion of the armistice
our men were in much better position.
Capron's and Hines' batteries were
posted on the heights on the left of the
line and in the rear of Bates' line. The
Hotchkiss, Gatling and dynamite guns
occupied a crest on the right center,
and on the extreme right Best's and
Grimes' batteries were posted in the
center of Lawton's division. Our right
was strengthened by a brigade of
Kent's division, the Sixth and Sixteenth
Regiments and the Seventy-first New
York, which was pushed to the west
ward until, with Garcia's line, it formed
an arc, reaching within a quarter of a
mile of Camera, which skirts the bay
and forts. The only road by which
General Toral could escape was thus
commanded.
Small detached bodies of Spaniards
had been observed slipping out of town
westward early in the morning, in
cluding a aquad of cavalry. A move
was made to cut off their retreat and
a land bombardment began. A shot
from the Grimes battery was followed
by one of Capron's guns on the left,
and from the right center the Gatling
and Hotchkiss batteries opened fire.
For the first ten minutes the firing was
quite general, .the Spaniards replying
were in Dawson last winter, and when
we left — well, we haven't any roof gar
dens in the Yukon and don't need them
in that climate, but I tell you the town
was gay. Grub? Plenty of it. Its
scarcity last winter was exasperated.
A great deal of it was bought up by
speculators. This year the Alaska
Commercial Company and the North
American Trading and Transportation
Company have 30,000 tons of provisions
coming up the river.
"Contrary to earlier expectations,"
continued Mr. Cole, "there is now
plenty of water in the Yukon. Dawson
is not exactly a Venice, but when we
left people were navigating Front
street in small boats and on any kind
of a raft or tub that would float. In
fact the river has not been so high in
a good many years. Damage to prop
erty was at first threatened, but that
danger is past. This will give an open
river for the boats at St. Michael, so
that they will in all probability be able
to make at least one round trip. But
the snowfall is not heavy and unless
there are heavy rains August and' Se
ptember will very likely show a different
stage of water."
The most surprising news brought
out by Mr. Cole is that many of the
much-vaunted and famous claims on
Bonanza Creek have turned out to be
blanks. Pay streaks have suddenly
pinched out entirely and in some claims
have narrowed down to little more
than barely pay dirt. The dumps on
El Dorado, o~ the other hand, are
large and numerous and look fat with
nuggets. Sulphur and Dominion creeks
are panning out beyond anybody's
highest expectations. The gold in these
creeks is flatter, smaller and more of
a uniform size. It is what la common
ly called coarse gold — a little thicker
than rolled oats. Hunker is reported
to be holding its own and so are all
the other claims except a number of
bitter disappointments on Bonanza.
Mr. Cole would not attempt to make
an estimate of the total cleanup, for
the reason, as he said, that he did not
know and could not form an idea that
he thought would be correct. He said
simply that all the claims had realized
what their owners expected with the
exception of some on Bonanza.
It will soon be possible to leave Pu
get Round with an outfit or any con
siderable quantity of merchandise, .n
season, and be set down in Dawson In
ten or twelve days. The distance from
Puget Sound to Dawson by way of
the down-river route is approximately
1600 miles. The railroad and the steam
ers on the down-river route will en
able the passage to be made to Dawson
in the open season at a great saving
of labor, time and expense as com
pared with the up-river route from St.
Michael. Minors will thus float down
the river instead of bucking the cur
rent.
Mr. Cole says that others are coming
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . . . . . >
A WOMAN'S SECREI!
The secret of our success in business is buying for cash and selling for
cash. A good article at the right price. We are not like the ladies; we can-
not keep a secret. It is open to everybody everywhere. No lock and key on
the bargains we offer to-day. It is a pocketbook affair. We have the goods
! . and want the money. You have the money and want the goods. Our
j store is the place. No one who has traded here for eight or ten years doubts
this. No dull times at the great Bazaar, near the ferry.
KLONDIKE SHOES. \ . . . .$1.50 1 WOOD STOVE, mcii ..... . .$5.00
7 hes o . ar , the a fa f O leather f hoe ,. p acs for j 7of these large school house or church stove.;
s\£s Vto 13 Northern trfriP "'I?, 11 * tOT T' laSt Of a carload; regular price 15 00; mentloil
j bolm.ng. 10 See our°Tukon wt^ow.'" B °° n be thls ad and Save il0 _
LAWN MOWERS .$1.95 LADIES' TRIMMED HATS . .... .$1.09
Cuts 10 Inches, celebrated make; no other i These are summer styles worth $2 50 to $3 50:
house offers them less than $5 00; a real labor we quit manufacturing except for orders, and
saver and money saver, too. : close out at any price; nice untrimmed hats
. 5c to 10c. #
DRESS CALICO . ~ .3c n™wAVTcnnrinTH
Styles are as pretty as the town contains: KtiTlll All 15 UILLLUI fl .' ... . 5C
GRAVEN IMAGES T~. . ... ... . .5c GENTS' CASSIMERE VESTS . .... 75c
up by beauty. 1^- I itngins 01 nne cassimere, to 40, all good
EIGBT-DAY CLOCK" $4.00 ! TOMATOES oeeled"" in
These are a high grade mantel clock : $S 00 Is | I"MAIUE3, P? 61 -*••••• V «... DC
. a common price at credit stores; $12 00 on the These are a fine pack, price is double now
installment plan; be your own banker. First Wednesday and Thursday ■we sell at 5c 24
floor on the left. :.■ :: . ■ . cans to any buyer. '
Broken Candy, between S and 10 a. m 5c «3^ » fc*kssi '§f ■ ■'■*'£i* P >'"
Rex Chewing Gum, the best, today only lc BBjik ■njj Hf| jfij j| «}6% *.
Fine' Table Butter,, for two days.... 30c I^S^ | .By W\ T
Fine Sliced Canned Peaches, to-day..... 5c *»3<i^ U « W ' ' r: ~' : - ' '^ fL^OT'
Little Babies' Undershirts, this week .: 3c H HBal H ftij Hl _;^^^^
Big Boys' Strong Shoes for every day.. ......75c rf°* Ejk <§£■* BJJ f\ fE B7 -*i
.; Soldiers' Mouthful Biscuits from New Tork.. 5c * *>aJ S ■ . WT I \Jt f^ Cgr :"'
Home-made Pies, after 2p. m. to-day 100 2 5-27 Market St., S. F.
spiritedly, but the rifle fire on both
sides soon waned, and from 5 o'clock
to 6:30, when the action ceased, the fir
ing was confined almost exclusively to
the artillery.
Our batteries soon got the range and
poured shells into the Spanish intrench
ments. The Hotchkiss battery swept
the outer line of the intrenchments
back and forth, cutting down the brush
shelters like a scythe. The Spanish
were soon forced to the blockhouse.
A Spanish battery on the left of the
town, engaged by Capron's battery,
fired only a few shots, but the battery
on the right fired spiritedly until a
gun-cotton shell from Wood's dynamite
gun exploded directly in front of It,
tearing up two trees and dismounting
the gun. It was the last shot of the
afternoon and was greeted with cheers.
Two men in General Kent's division
were killed by a shell and several were
wounded. Sergeant Jefferson, Private
St. Clair of Troop B, Ninth Cavalry,
were among the wounded.
A Spanish deserter came to our lines
this afternoon for food. He said: "The
Spanish are as good fighters as the
Americans, and if we had food and
cigarettes in abundance we would fight
forever."
General Kent commends the following
officers of his division for gallantry un
der fire: Major Sharp, Major Phil
Read, Captain McAlexander, Lieuten
ant Cartwright, Lieutenant Johnson
and Volunteer Aide-de-Camp Monroe,
who was wounded and will be recom
mended for a commission.
out of Dawson this summer by way of
Lake Bennett. He confirms the report
about the quartz excitement on Nine
Mile Creek, Mud Lake, but he and
Lawson did not stop to stake off any
ground. The quartz on Nine Mile was
reported very rich and free milling.
HAL HOFFMAN.
THE ST. LOUIS SCOOPS
ANOTHER PRIZE-SHIP
Was Flying the British Flag and Car-
ried Supplies for Spaniards
in Cuba.
KEY WEST July 12.— The sloop
Wary, flying the British nag, was
brought in here to-da->- as a prize ot
war. She was captured by the St.
Louis about 110 miles from Santiago
de Cuba, while bound from Jamaica
for Santa Cruz, with a cargo of pro
visions. It was thought her English
registry was a subterfuge to enable her
to land supplies in Cuba for the starv
ing Spaniards, but investigation proved
it to be bona fide, and she appears to
have been engaged in a bold attempt
to land her cargo on the southern coast
of Cuba. Her crew consisted of Cap
tain Jeremiah Moss and three men, all
Jamaican negroes. The sloop, which
is a 21-ton vessel, was captured on the
2d inst., while becalmed. She was
brought in by a prize crew of three
men.
A schooner, the Wyckerson, was cap
tured by one of the converted yachts at
the same place two days before the
Wary was taken. She was owned by
two German merchants, who were
aboard and who protested so vigor
ously that the prize was taken ov^r to
Santiago for a formal report to Ad
miral Sampson. She was bound for
Manzanillo from Jamaica.
DEATH OF MAJOR
Was Private Secretary to Both Lin-
coln and Johnson.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— Major W. O.
Moore, for the past twelve years Super
intendent of Police, died here to-day,
aged 69 years. P.y reason of his varied
experience and official connections Major
Moore was well known throughout the
country. In early life he was a newspa
per man and a reporter of Congressional
debates. When the Civil War broke out
he enlisted in a local military company,
but soon after was detailed for duty in
the office of Simon Cameron, the Secre
tary of War, and also in the position of
adjutant general of volunteers. During
a short portion of ISRS Mr. Moore filled the
position of private secretary to President
Lincoln, and aftfr tlip latter .was assas
sinated he continued with President
Johnson in a similar position. In 1866 he
became Superintendent of the local police
force.AMERICAN FIRE
FEEBLY RETURNED
BY SPANIARDS
There Is Additional Reason to
Believe That Many Dogs hjave
Retreated prom Santiago.
On Monday General Wheeler Visited Toral and
Demanded a Surrender for the Third
and Last Time.
Special cable to The Call and the \>w York
HoraM Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
BEFORE SANTIAGO, July 11, by
The Call-Herald dispatch-boat Men
dora to Port Antonio, Jamaica,
July 12.— The firing on the city o?
Santiago was resumed by the Ameri
can forces at daybreak this morninp.
The enemy's position was obscured by
a mist which hung heavily over the
city and its defenses. Even before it
was li^cht enough to make out the lo
cation of the Spanish lines shells fired
by the Hinds battery on the extreme
right were whizzing through the air
toward Santiago. Other batteries quick
ly Joined in the firing, and during the
morning hours they Bent a continual
hail of Bhells and shrapnel Into the city.
Twice before noon our men with a
Catling gun swept the exposed part of
the enemy's trenches.
Soon after the land forces got 'Tell
at work a part of the fleet Joined in
hammering Santiago from off Agua
dores. The Brooklyn, Indiana and
Texas were with the Npw York, but nil
of the firing was done by Admiral
Sampson's flagship and the Brooklyn.
The admiral declares that he can <l->
stroy Santiago without the aid of ihe
army, if ordered to d>> bo.
General Wheeler, whose health Is
what Improved, went into San'.i
ago this afternoon under a Has of
truce He had a conference with Gen
eral Toral and told the Spanish com
mander that our forces could utterly
destroy the city. He asked Toral to
surrender on the ground of humanity.
The Spanish general requested to be
allowed three hours in which to -eply.
General Wheeler, in taking his leave,
reminded Toral that General Shaft^r
now had demanded the surrender of
the city for the third and last time.
It was a little after 9 o'clock this
morning when the New York began
ponding shells over the hills at five
TRIED TO RAM
THE BROOKLYN
Eulate Tells How He
Lost His Ship.
AN AWFUL BAPTISM OF FIRE
HIT SEVERAL TIMES BY THE
OREGON.
It Was a Shell From the Pacific Coast
Battleship That Destroyed
the Spaniard's Last
Hope.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July C. via
Charleston, s. <\. July 12.— Through
tenant of Marines Thomas P. Bor
d^n, who conversed in French with the
prisoner, an Interview was obtained for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ k- 7-— 3 r^i fCy> A consump-
tt/ExSßt'"^ ' S '" r ' irar> r - Thousands
i^=jKl ~' r> ( consumptives believe •
n that there is " nothing much I
the trouble and that there j
Is no need to bother with medicine." Both !
lire wrong. Consumption is the most deadly
of diseases but it is distinctly curable. It
has its inception, like all other wasting dis-
eases, in disorders of the digestive organs, j
and the first step towards its cure must be !
the relief of these disorders.
Ninety-eight per cent, of all cases of con- !
numption are cured by Dr. Tierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. Thousands of con-
sumptives have testified to their complete
and permanent recovery through its use.
after they were given up by the doctors and
al! hope was gone. It corrects all disorders j
of the digestion, makes assimilation perfect, ;
fills the blood with the life-giving elements
that build up new, firm and healthy tissues,
and acting directly upon the lungs drives
out all disease-germs. It is a specific for '
all lingering, bronchial, throat and lung
affections.
"I have been troubled with indigestion and
dyspepsia " writes Oeo. H. Slater. Esq., of Yate«
City, Knox Co., Ills., "for the last two years. I j
got a b ttle of your 'Goi leu Medical Discox-ery 1 '
tnd took il as you directrd. It did me so much
food lam Koin to yt another bottle and take it i
It is the best wrdicine in the world for those who j
have stomach trouble. I have recommended it
to several already."'
The best medical book ever published in j
any language is Dr. Tierce's Common Sense ,
Medical Adviser. Over 680,000 copies of 1
this book have been hold for $1.50 each. It ■
contains 1.008 pages and 300 illustrations. !
It gives suggestions for tieatrnent of all ail-
ments. There are also prescriptions. This !
valuable book, in paper binding, may now j
be had free for the asking. Send 21 one-
cent stamps to the World's Dispensary j
Medical Association, Buffalo. N. V., to pat <
the cost of mailing only. If fine cloth bind-
ing is desired, send 10 cents extra, 31 centi
in all.
minute intervals, using her forward
and after guns. These shells just
cleared the summit of the hills and
then went crashing into the city. Gen
eral Shafter sent word that the shells
were well placed and that all were
bursting and doing good execution.
Signal stations had been established
along the shore to Siboney. and from
there the military telegraph completed
the line of communication to General
Shafter's headquarters. This joint
attack from land an<l sea was answered
by volleys of fire from th« enemy's
trenches. When Spanish heads ap
peared above the rifle pits the Ameri
can troops fired at them. From the
improved position of our troops they
were able to send an accurate and
deadly fire into the enemy's trenches,
and the Spaniards, with the exception
of a few desultory volleys, soon aban
doned all efforts to return our fire.
To the surprise of the Americans, the
Spaniards did not use their artillery,
although the batteries apparently are
still in position. These might be
dummy guns. No signs of life were
visible thereabouts. It Is known that
two of the enemy's batteries on the left
are dummies.
As the morning wore away the Im
pression became general that Toral had
succeeded in getting the greater part
of the Spanish troops out of the city.
General Shafter and his subordinate of
flcors could not account for the enemy's
strange silence under our fire. It was
not characteristic of the Spaniards.
One suggestion I heard was that the
enemy might be running short of am
munition, and that General Toral, ex
pecting an assault on the city, was
saving what ammunition he had left to
be used then.
General Wheeler's division advanced
this afternoon and took a Spanish
blockhouse, capturing twenty-five pris
oners, including two officers. Captain
Powell of Company A, Second Infan
try, was killed in this engagement.
the Associated r'ress with Captain Eu
late of the armored cruiser \ izcaya.
He said:
"The entire squadron was ordered to
devote the fire of tneir guns to the
cruiser Brooklyn, because it was be
lieved that she was the only thip In the
American squaJron that coula overtake
up. When we got out of the harbor our
ship was second In line and I saw our
flagship was getting a terrible baptism
of fire. It \va; frightful. The Texas
and Brooklyn were ! -st riddling her,
and in fifteen minutes I saw she was on
fire. The lowa and Oregon were firing
on the Oquendo, and as yet I had not
been badly hit. The Brooklyn was a
half mile closer to us than any other
ship and I decided to try to ram her so
that the Colon an 1 Oquendo could get
away, and I started for her. She was
a good mark, with her big broadside,
and as I started I thought surely I
would get her, but she had .evidently
seen us. Very quickly she turned about
and, making a short circle, came at our
port side so that I thought she would
ram us. I moved in toward shore, so
that I could avoid her, and then I saw
that the Oquendo had gone- ashore also,
her steam pipes evidently having been
severed by a shell.
"The maneuvering of the Brooklyn
was beautiful. We opened a rapid fire
at her with our big guns, but she re
turned it with .errible effect. The Ore
s' >n also hit us several times, but the
Brooklyn's broadside crashed into our
superstructure and simply terrorized
the men. We worked ail our guns at
her and I don't see how she escaped us.
She -imply drove us into Bhore, at one
time fighting us at 1100 yards. One
shell went along the entire gun deck,
killing half tb' men on it and wounding
' nearly all the rest. A shHI from the
Oregon hit the superstructure and it
was then that, wounded and knowing
that we could not get away, I struck
the flag and started for the beach. T
did not Instruct the men to load the
guns and do not know why they were
loaded.
"We were on fire badly and when
those men who were alive started to
swim for shore the Cubans on shore
shot at us until the American ships ar
rlved and stopped them. The Brooklyn
had prevented me from getting away,
for I could have beaten the Oregon
out, as I had a two-mile lead of her.
My orders were to try and sink the
Brooklyn, and I tried to carry them
out. I did not think that her battery
could be so terrible as it was."
ENDS HER LIFE BY
INHALING GAS
Domestic Troubles Lead a Woodland
Wife to Seek Death by
Asphyxiation.
WOODLAND. July 12.— One of the sad
dest tragedies in the history of Woodland
occurred at the residence of E. Praet, some.
! time last night. Mrs. Emma Oeorglana
Goe turned on the pas in her bedroom and
perished by asphyxiation. After removing
her <-luth!nK and donning her night dres»,
Flic had closed the doors and wfhdowft,
taken a rubber hose from a water hag
in the bathroom and fastened one end
over the gas Jet. When all preparations
were complete she must have turned on
the pas. went to bed. adjusted the clothing
and hefran to Inhale the gas. When found
the lower end of the rubber hose was in
her mouth.
Mrs. Ooe is the second daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. E. Praet. She was born in San
Francisco on October 22, 1576. When a
mere child her parents removed to Nev
ada, where they resided until about four
vearfl ago. They then removed to Oak
land and after a short residence cmne to
Woodland, where they have since resided
On February 20, 1X97. the deceased WU
married to Charles Goe. who is in the em
ploy of an insurance company In San
Francisco. They took up their" residence
In San Francisco. In December of the
same year a babe was born to them, bui
It was in delicate health and after linger
ing a little over live months, died \,n April
21. Domestic infelicities, ill health and
the loss of her child affected the mind oi
Mrs. Goe. Extreme nervous prostratlou
■was succeeded by melancholia, which fin
ally terminated In last night's tragedy.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
REVENUE CUTTER BEAR NOW
RETURNING TO THE ARCTIC
Will Eodeavor to Reach) Point Hope at the Earliest
Possible Moment to Rescue Wrecked
Whalers F rom PoiQt Barrow.
REVENUE STEAMER BEAR, AT UNALASKA, June 14, via Seattle, Wash., July
12. — The Bear leaves to-day for the Arctic Ocean, stopping at St. Michael. She will en
deavor to reach Point Hope at the earliest possible moment in the expectation that Jarvis
and Bertholf have managed to send a number of the wrecked whalers there. We do not ex
pect to reach there before the middle of July, but will hang around Bering Straits until the
ice permits a passage through into the Arctic. It is possible that late news from Point Bar
row has reached Cape Prince of Wales, in which case the Bear will return with it to St.
Michael and still be able to reach Point Hope in time to relieve any suffering. The Alaska
Commercial Company's steamer Bertha left here for St. Michael yesterday.
A large fleet of small schooners with two barks are here waiting for Kotzebue Sound
to open. The autumn will bring either the news of a great strike of gold or a story of gen
eral starvation there. JOHN G. BERRY.
NOT A TAX ON
THE SHIPPER
Revenue Law Feature
Explained.
CORPORATIONS MUST PAY
THEY NOW ARE DEFRAUDING
THE PUBLIC.
It Is the Duty of the Carrier to Affix
War Stamps to Bills of
Lading or Mani
fests.
Special Plspntch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— 1n answer
to references from the Collectors of In
ternal Revenue, all bearing upon the
question as to whether the shipper or
carrier shall pay for and affix the re
quired revenue stamp to bills of lading,
etc., Assistant Attorney General Boyd
has held as follows:
"The law makes it the duty of every
railroad and steamboat company, car
rier, express company, corporation or
person whose i :cupation it is to act as
such, to issue to the shipper, consignor,
or his agent, or person from whom any
poods are accepted for transportation,
a bill of lading, manifest or some other
evidence of the receipt of goods, wares
or moi-chandi.se received for carriage
and transportation and this bill of lad
ing, manifest or memorandum requires
a revenue stamp of the value of one
cent to be affixed to it and canceled.
In case of failure to Issue such bill of
lading the law imposes a penalty of $50
upon the carrier guilty of such .allure.
The penalty for failure to bo affix
stamp is not more than JIOO.
"The purpose of th»- law is clear. It
was to tax the corporation and not the
shipper and those provisions undoubt
edly fix upon the express companies
and other carriers the duty of provid
ing, affixing and canceling the stamp
and their failure to so provide, affix
and cancel them subjects them to the
Penalties provided by law.
"It is suggested that some of these
carriers are refusing to receive goods
for shipment until the shipper pays the
tax. While it is not my province to
advise as to the recourse which the
shipper may have in instances of this
kind, yet I am sure that the laws are
ample to require public carriers and
express companies to receive goods ten
dered for shipping or suffer damages
for such refusal."
Fire Destroys a Village.
THE DALLES, Or.. July 12.— The vil
lage of Antelope, sixty miles south of
here, was destroyed by fire, yesterday.
MAJOR GENERAL M- S. HAWKINS, U. S. A., Wh>o
Con)n)cmded the Brigade Composed of trje
Sixth and Sixteenth Infantry and Seventy-first
New YorK Volunteers Tr;at Made the Brilliant
Charge at San Juan rjeigbtson Friday, July I.
FROM OGDEN TO
THE PACIFIC
Rio Grande Western to
Be Extended.
GENERAL MANAGER'S PLANS
INCALCULABLE MAGNITUDE OF
THE PROJECT.
Vast Amount of Capital and Labor
to Be Employed Should Amer
ica Hold On to the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, July 12.— The Times says
to-day: According to present plans the
Rio Grande Western Railroad is to be
come one of the greatest railway sys
tems in the world. The idea has been
formulated by Colonel D. c. Dodge,
general manager of the road, to extend
its lli.e from Ogden to the Pacific Coast
and south through California with a
possibility of its being extended into
Mexico.
The only proviso which enters into
the arrangements is that the United
States become possessor of the Philip
pines. It is believed that the com
merce that will result from the annexa
tion of thff Philippines reaching this
country by way of the Pacific Coast
will necessitate Increased railroad fa
cilities. This consideration led Colonel
Dodge to plan the extension of the Rio
Grande Western.
"It will not be started this year,"
said he, "but I am positive that the
extension will l.c made within the next
fivp years and possibly work will be
commenced in ISfw. It is a great under
taking and one that will require an al
most inconceivable amount of labor
and capital. At the present time our
plans are so indefinite that I can hardly
say just how things will come out."
Scores of the Wheelmen.
BALTIMORE, July 12.— Chairman Mott
of the L. A. W. racing board has Issued
this bulletin: The following Is the score
In the national championship: Gardner
58, Cooper 35. Bald 22, Major Taylor I*s,
O. Stevens 13. McFnrland 11, Eaton 10.
Freeman 10, Tom Butler 9. Mertens 8,
Kimble. S, Bowler 7, Fred Sims 5. Dr.
Brown 4, Eden 4, Becker 4, Nat Butler 3
Earl Kaiser 3. Bourotte 3, Hills Jr. 2,
Kiser 2, Watson Coleman 1.
Returns From Cariboo.
VICTORIA, July 12.— Returns from
Cariboo give the opposition the two seats,
making the present standing of the par
ties: Government 17. opposition 19. Caa
sl;ir has two members yet to elect. The
opposition claims to be sure to obtaJn
one.
ROSEBUD RUNS
HIS LAST RACE
Falls Dead From Heart
Disease.
HEAVILY BACKED TO WIN
SENSATION OF THE DAY AT
BRIGHTON.
W. Overton Captures the Quickstep
Stakes at Washing-ton Park
From Ailyer and Black
Venus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 12.— sensation of
the day at Brighton Beach was the death
: of Bromley's Rosebud from heart disease.
: After finishing last In the second race, in
I which he was the "good thing," he stag
gered against the gate of the paddock and
dropped on the track as If he had ~een
! shot. Results:
; First race, one mile, selling— Campania won.
Her Own second. Prince Auckland third.
Time. 1:42.
, Second race, five furlongs— Hurricane won.
I Gohlln second, Mark Miles third. Time, 1:034.
Third race, six furlongs— Ogden won, Tre
! margo second. Time, 1:13 H.
Fourth race. Flight handicap, sl» furlongs—
i Isidor won, Swlftmas second. Handsel third.
: Time, 1:14.
Fifth race, one, mile, selling— Rr\ppahannock
i won. General Maceo second, Handpress third
I Time. 1:42« i.
j Sixth race, five furlongs, selling— Miss Lynah
won. Charentus second. Decide third. Time.
I 1:01%.
| Seventh race, hurdle handicap, mile and a
j half— Klnvara won, Elclde second, Brown Red
third. Time, 2:4o'*.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Weather fine; track fast.
Washington .Park results: First race, six
furlongs— Hurly Burly won, Ferrol second,
Eight Bells third. Time, 1:14%.
; Second race, one mile — White Frost won.
; Candle Black second. Miss Gussle third. Time,
I 1:39%.
Third race, half a mile— Quickstep
i stakes, $1M)O added, sweepstakes for two-year-
I olds— \V. Overton won, Ailyer second. Black
Venus third. Time, :45%.
I Fourth race, mile and an eighth— won.
i The Manxman second, Traverser third. Time,
1:4.-.%.
BT. LOUIS, July Results: First race,
four and a half furlongs, selling— Red Pirate
won, George Dennett second, Lafayette third.
Time. :57.
Second race, mile and three-sixteenths, sell-
Ing — Demosthenes won, I>r. Bernays second.
Ups and Downs third. Time, 2:05.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Count Fon
so won, Imp. King Gold second, Xallssa third.
; Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, one mile — Forbush won. Guide
! Rock second. Jackanapes third. Time, 1:43V4.
j Fifth race, seven furlongs. Belling— Bequeath
won. Seaport second, Beaumonde third. Time,
1:30*1.
Sixth race, six furlongs, — Sorrow won,
Montgomery second. Horseshoe Tobacco third.
Tlm.\ l:14«i.
BUFFALO, N. V., July 12.— Results at Fort
Krle: First race, six furlongs— Jesse won,
Maximo Gomez second, Foreseen third. Time
1:14<.4.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Tut-
Tut won. Annowan second. Gavotte third.
Time. :r>6V4.
Third race, one mile — Onalaska won. Pearl
second. Belzara third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Martlmas won.
Prince Plausible second. Record third. Time,
l:02v;.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Johnny
won. Lanky Bob second, Beau Ideal third.
Time, 1:53%.
BITTTE, Mont, July 12.— Weather wet; track
sloppy.
First race, three furlongs — Dutch won, Enzy
second, Dinah Watt third. Time. :36Vi.
Second race, five furlongs— Quicksilver won,
I, a Mascota second. Red Bird third. Time. 1:04.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Grand
Sachem won, Los Prletos second. Imp. Bitter
Root third. Time, 1:52%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Etta H won, Tam
many Hall II second. Flashlight third. Time,
1:17.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Hurst
won. William OB second. Coda third. Time.
l:f>3.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, four hurdles
—Viking won, Rossmore second, J O C third.
Time, 2:O6Mi.
Detroit Harness Races.
DETROIT, Mlrh.. July 12.— Results at High
land PRrk:
2:17 trot— Mattle Pattlson won, Black Raven
second. Espyboy third. Best time. 2:!4V
2:35 pace— Star Hal won, M<nint Clements
Boy second. Quicksilver third. Best time, 2:16.
2:20 trot— Askey tvon, Belle M second. Red
Ray third. Best time, 2:U>4.
FIGHT FOR POSSESSION
OF MINOR CHILDREN
Sequel to the Berteling Case Comes
Up in Court at San
Jose.
BAN JOSE. July 12.— Judge Kittredg*
to-day issued a writ of habeas corpus
citing Louis A. Berteling of Pan Francis
co to appear in court to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock and show cause why he
should not deliver two minor children
into the custody of their mother. The
petitioner Is Mrs. Emma I>. Berteling.
The Bertelings were divorced In San
Francisco last November because of the
alleged cruelty of the husband and the
mother was awarded the custody of the
children, Louis A. and George F.. aged
11 and 8 years. Berteling. who is an op
tician at 14 Kearny street, has a large
ranch near Alma. On June 17 he took
the children to the ranch for a vacation
and refused to return them when re
quested to do so.
THE ALABAMA CONTEST.
Congregationalists Refer It Back to
That State.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 12 —At the morn-
Ing session of the National Council of
Congregationallsts the Alabama contest
was brought up, and by a vote of 119 to
20. the report of the committee on creden
tials was adopted, after being slightly
amended. The committee's report, as
amended, refers the contest back to the
State bodies of Alabama and recommends
that all the churches of the State elect
delegates to a State convention called for
the purpose of settling the differences be
,tween the State bodies. J
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding V~!th Any of the PolV--lng Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bendinj and Cutttne
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Stainlnc, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc purnlture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET. I
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MCKj'7A CDDIMH Proprietor. Send for meas-
IrILnAU JI KlnU ure blanks. U. S. Commls-,
slon, 9 Geary St., S. F. i
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
'■ CIUF £ CrillVnf CD Hank. Office and Saloon
rINKSMuInULcK, Fittings. 1309 Market
Ft. Telephone South 267. ;
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock ITlf I IP £ ffl U Montgomery st
Auctioneers. AILLII tt Vlf- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
MCfHAENINA Shipping trade supplied. ]
WIU- MnOcNINU, m broadway street.
BATHING SUITS.
kimA . 103 Post St.
fc] M #b I/XilVftAh/l/ Ne * r Keirn y Bt -
V.'lraV w W^ •• HEAD-
KNItJtINBGQ,- rr t r ers
bathing suits, SWEATERS.
P ERFECT-FITTI
Silk, Woolen Linen Mesh Underwear.
BELTINO.
LP TIFfiFV Manufacturer of Beltlna: and
. r. IItUCN, Lace Leather. 105-107.
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
\ Agent for Rubber Belting and Packine.
BICYCLES.
•98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, $65 and $75. Crescents. In Men's
and Ladies' $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
_- |0 W. J. Brady's Patent
fl . fl DETACHABLE
£fp- r«t MUD DRUM
"mjflmWrc^-^J^ for Stenm Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Rep&in and Ship Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ MoTWTVPr Bookbinder and Printer,
■ Di illuinillUJ. 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH. 4
/- Josepti Fox. Supt.- H. Birth. Msr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumblnu, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR. '
Mrc M H fIRFR £ CSi equipoise WAISTS.
IUrS.iH.a.UDEK (I Wl. 31Qear7 Bt.,Tel.RedUol
DENTIST.
DR. C- W RICHARDS, Ik^rne^^arny.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth I
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUOGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. ss s e n s n da T e d i s &n i
LOVE, ARSON
AND DIVORCE
Woman's Acts Wreck a
Home.
COACHMAN IN THE CASI
SENSATIONAL ESCAPADES OF
MRS. HAMMERSMITH.
Wife of the San Francisco Jeweler
Implicated With a Former
Roustabout in an Al
leged Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 12.— A woman's
fickleness and duplicity have again
been the cause of the wrecking of a
good home, with all the comforts and
luxuries that money could buy. This
time the actors in the domestic drama
are John A. Hammersmith of
the firm of Hammersmith & Field,
wholesale jewelers at 118 Sutter street,
San Francisco, and his pretty wife.
Besides the usual threatened suit for
divorce, Mrs. Hammersmith may have
to face a graver charge in the courts —
that of arson. The third in the dra
matis personae is Peter Ennis, who un
til about a year ago was a ragged
roustabout in Ran Jose and Santa
Clara, Now he bids fair to become co
respondent in divorce proceedings.
Hammersmith and his wife lived for
years at 2830 Bush street, San
Francisco. There a well-appointed
home was kept up. Mrs. Ham
mersmith's mother and father, Mr.
and Mrs. Quince. live at Santa
Clara, and she generally spent the
spring months at their home. Her hus
band made her a liberal allowance, and
she had a stylish horse and phaeton.
This last luxury necessitated the em
ployment of a hostler and coachman,
and Peter Ennis secured the place. In
their daily drives a mutual attach
ment sprung up and this ripened into
love Mrs. Hammersmith declined to
return to San Francisco, and moved to
this city. A house was rented on Wil
son avenue, near the Alameda. The
place was fitted up elegantly. Ennis
was brought along, and instead of be
ing coachman he arose to a more in
fluential position.
About this time a coolness sprang up
between Hammersmith and his wife,
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
. Scientific Pptlcians and Manufacturers ot
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kcarr.y street.
FiRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-403 Montgomery st. ■
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS £ ffl Shipping Butcher.. 10S
JHJ- UUILO O. UJ,, clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
NATIONAI rSF Ml!is - J - Martenstein * Co.
IMIIUiIAIi S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters SDealer3
*■ in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln St., 8. F.
■Wholesale and lietail Manufacturers of all
• kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want barpnins call or writ
IRON FOUNDERS. .
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co.. 621 Sansomo at.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINK CNSUHANQH COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000
SYZ & CO., Agent*.
801 California rt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNHARn Mattress Co., 642 Mission
11IC DCKMIAKIJ Pt . Telephone Main 1674.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TT ITVTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• Ltnill, full IS-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d St.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wl! I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
fTILLMITILI IL 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. '
The Oldest Firm nnd T,ari»»*t Pto?k.
PIANQ and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St. >; V
A corps of eipcrt tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
ITDT) Alf Agency. Reloadinc, developing 1 , prlnt-
AUUAnin^. T. p. Andrews. 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
T.EAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery at.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TelPsrraphlcr) \ T 1? ll\ g^lP 30< Call-
Codes. Jr'Mrv 1 tvlSJVlLfornlaSt.
, SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMCQTIP" Pre-eminently the machinafoc
UUnfILOIIU family use. 1021 Market ttrsat,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
G. R, LUCY CO., B mu,flg:
TKE HICKS-JUDD CO-, £SS cc a B gat
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fHA^ RI ICC Ctaus Spreckela
407. 40S 409, 410 vllA D DLI 35- Bldg^ 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 31S Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks 9l 8 tuck. The Uotna Industry
House, 008 Clay. St.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HEXRT B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer ot
carriafi-es. buggies, etc.; repairing dons In
first-class style tit fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1911.
and although he gave her plenty of
money, he never visited her. Ennis'
streak of good fortune then commenced,
and he displayed diamonds galore and
had '"money to burn." He introduced
Mrs. Hammersmith as his wife, and
among her new acquaintances she
passed as Mrs. I<:nnis. The woman and
her erstwhile coachman were greatly
devoted to each other and were out rid
ing every afternoon and evening.
Ennis longed to be a man of influ
ence and dabble in politics. In order
to gratify his wish Mrs. Hammer
smith started him in the saloon busi
ness at Pleasant and Santa Clara
streets, this city. The venture was a
losing one. and after a few months was
discontinued. Mrs. Hammersmith had
plenty of money and the couple still
enjoyed life to its fullness.
Their home on Wilson avenue with
its elegant Stings was insured for $2000
in the Globe Insurance Company of
Liverpool. On the night of July 4 the
place was nearly destroyed by fire. The
policy had been made in the name of
John A. Hammersmith, and a few days
later ho and Adjuster Mead of the
company visited the place for the pur
pose of settling the losses. Instead of
traces of costly draperies, bric-a-brac
axid furniture, it could he seen that in
the place there had been cmly the com
monest of furniture *nd matting on the
floor. Mead refused to adjust matters
and detectives were employed to dig"
up evidence for a charge of arson. The
case was reported to the District At
torney, and Constable Haley began to
work on it.
It was found that all costly fixtures,
furniture and Brussels carpets were
removed from the house to Mrs. Ham
mersmith's mother's home at Santa
Clara. Tn their place were substituted
the cheapest kind of furniture and
mattings. This moving was done on
July 2 and 3, and the fire occurred on
July 4.
James Murray, who was engaged to
help do the moving, says five gon
loads of goods wire removed fi a the
house on those days. Ennis told him
he was going to the Tdsemite for the
summer, and they did not like to leave
such fine Roods In the house. Murray
asked if there was no insurance, and
Ennis said there was not.
Mrs. Hammersmith was seen at her
mother's home at Santa Clara to-day.
She intimated the insurance company
was ( .nising trouble to get out of pay
ing the loss. She said Ennis was out
in the country working. She stated
that at the proper time e%-<»rything
would be cleared, and that tho matter
was now in her attorney's hands.
Her mother's home gave evidence of
being overcrowded with bric-a-brac
and pretty pieces of household furni
ture, and looked as though several
wagon-loads of these goods had been
but recently dumped in the house.
Ennis, who is n Portuguese, is a fine
appearing young fellow of about 25
years. Mrs. Hammersmith is probably
ten -ears his senior, but is pretty,
plump and attractive.
Appointed by the President.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— The President
has made the following 1 appointments:
Champion S. Chase, to be Surveyor of
Customs for thr> port of Omaha. Neb.;
Edmund P. Zurhont. Collector of Customs
for the District of Sandusky, Ohio.
34
FUSION POPULISTS WIN
THE INITIAL SKIRMISH
STRENGTH OF ThjE
FACTIONS SHOWN
IN A TEST VOTE
Hutchinsor) Elected Temporary
Chairman Over Webster by a
Majority of 62 Votes.
SACRAMENTO. July 12.— 8y a vote of 171 viu i to 109^ the Buckley-
Maguires won the first skirmish in the State Convention of the People's
party this morning by electing E. L. Hutchinson of Los Angeles chairman
of the convention.
No extraordinary demonstration marked the announcement of the con
test. There was no walk-out of defeated middle-of-the-roadsters; no wild
outburst of applause on the part of the fusionists. The majority gave
three cheers when their candidate was conducted to the chair — not by the
defeated candidate, for Mr. Webster declined the honor — but by Van Meter,
and the work of temporarily organizing was proceeded with.
The middle-of-the-roadsters do not accept this morning's vote as signi
ficant of their final defeat. They say that geography, expediency and
other conditions helped to elect Hutchinson, and that the delegates who
voted for him are divided as to the future policy to pursue. While the ma
jority of them are credited with favoring the indorsement of Maguire,
there are others who oppose this plan as strongly as do the middle-of-the
roadsters and will insist that the nomination for Governor be left open, to
be filled later by the State Central Committee.
This faction holds that the indorsement of Maguire now would make
him practically the only candidate before the Democratic convention, and
while they favor fusion, they believe that exigencies may arise making it
advisable for the combined parties to nominate some one other than Ma
guire.
The middle-of-the-roadsters figure it out that the Buckley-Maguires will
not yield an inch from their stand, and that the liberal fusionists, rather than
surrender completely to Maguire, will come out for a straight Populist
ticket.
Such a ticket is certain now to be named.
The anti-fusionists, in response to a call issued early this morning, met
at the Capitol an hour before the time set for the convention to convene,
and held a long conference as to the best plan to pursue. Some of the
delegates, who had been instructed by their county conventions to bolt in
case fusion prevailed, were in favor of walking out of the convention upon
the election of Hutchinson. Others counseled patience and urged that it
would be unwise to surrender so completely to their opponents. They ad
vised all opponents of fusion to fight for their party to the end, and. if final
ly defeated in this convention, to form another and nominate a complete
ticket from top to bottom, which would appeal to every true Populist.
This plan met with great Javor and after discussing it at considerable
length it was decided to adopt it. Naturally no time or place was fixed for
the bolting convention — such action would be an admission oi defeat in ad
vance, but it is quite probable that in the event of the Maguirc-Buckley
ring securing an indorsement now their opponents will meet immediately
after adjournment and put up a straight-out Populist ticket and make "no
surrender" their slogan.
VICTORY FOR
THE FUSIONISTS
How the First Battle Was
Fought and Won in the
Convention.
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— The open- I
Ing gun of the campaign of 1898 was
fired to-day in the Assembly chambers
of the State Capitol when the Populist
Convention mci to face the grave and
momentous question of fusion with the i
Democratic party. The fusionlsts won
the first battle and the anti-fusionists '
are feeling rather disheartened. They
intend, however, to see the fight out,
although fully realizing that nothing
but party disruption Is dose at hand.
The middle-of-the-road Populists do
not relish playing the part of Jonah
with the Democratic party in the role
of the whale. Biblical history says
that Jonah, after having been swal
lowed by the whale, escaped alive. The
middle-of-the-roadsters intend follow
ing the goerd example he set. They do
not propose being swallowed forever
by the Democracy. While they may
be at present forced to submit to the
lash of the Buckley- Maguire wing of
the Demuvratic party, they are look-
Ing forward to the day when the secret
ballot deposited in the voting booth
will give them 'release from the
shackles of bossism.
The anti-fusionists are saying some
bitter things. They charge that the
Populist party has been by some of the
leaders put up at auction and sold for
a. few promised political plums. The
anti-fusionists declare that the political j
plums to be distributed by Magulre |
will never reach market, if the crop de- |
pends on their votes. Fusion, they say, |
means a loss of party identity and they j
Will not submit. If there is not an open
bolt made before the convention is I
over the political prophets are badly at ;
sea.
E. M. Wardell, chairman of the Stat9
Central Committee, in calling the con
vention together, said that the Popu
list party was meeting under circum
stances unparalleled in the political
history of California.
"We have," said he, "two powers to
fight to-day. While our soldiers and !
Bailors are fighting in distant lands for j
our flag and the cause of justice we i
at home are battling with the money
powers. The Spanish fight will be eas
ily won, but we behind are destined to j
have a long and great fight with the ,
corporations. I trust that the men who
came here to represent the great re
form party will do their duty well. I
trust that there will not be any hot
headed debates and that the delegates
will act calmly and reason together as
men and brothers. There should not be
any shirking or attempt at escaping
from the hard duty before us. I be
lieve and I know that the spirit of fair
ness will prevail. The convention is
not a large one, It Is true, but it must
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap is health to
the skin.
If you wash with proper
soap, your skin will be
open and clear, unless
your health is bad.
be Remembered that the railroad is not
Issuing passeß for our delegates."
Nominations for temporary chairman
were declared in order after the road
ing of the call for the convention is
sued by the State Central Committee.
Burdette Cornell of Alameda first
caught the eye of the chairnuLn. He
said that he arose to place in nomina
tion for temporary chairman a young
man who was known throughout the
State as a strong, stanch and ardent
supporter of the principles of the Peo
ple'a party.
"lie has long held aloft the banner of
our party," said Cornell in conclusion,
"and he is in every way fitted to pre
side over the destinies of this impor
tant convention. He knows no faction,
nor does he know any section. It is
with pleasure, gentlemen, that I pre
sent to you for your consideration and
I votes, the name of E. L. Hutchinson
of Lms Angeles."
The nomination of Hutchinson, who
represents the fusion forces, was sec
onded by George W. Monteith of Marin,
who said that with Hutchinson In the
chair there need be no fear of the rail
' road octopus getting its tentacles
1 around the convention.
J. M. C. Murphy of Shasta then took
tho floor to place J. V. Webster of San
Luis Obispo County in nomination. He
s.i id W.bster had carried the party
banner in many other fights, and the
convention should show its apprecia
tion of his efforts by placing the gavel
of the chairman in his hands.
T. E. Clark of Tulare County, who
; is one of the leaders of the anti-fu
sion forces, seconded the nomination of
Webster in a ringing speech. Although
not directly saying so, he strongly in
! timated that the chairmanship fight
, would pretty clearly indicate the pulse
of the convention on the question of
; fusion.
"We have n Populist party," said he,
"and let us stand by it. Let us moke
a fight on the principles we advocate
and refuse to listen to the proposition
of fusion. The idea of fusion has been
suggested by our enemies and .1 am
afraid if we are not careful, calm and
deliberate we will be destroyed by those
who now profess to be our friends."
The nomination of Hutchinson was
seconded by Milton Carlson of Los Ang
geles, who paid a glowing tribute to
him.
"We have reached a period," said
Thomas V. Cator, "when we require a
chairman of ripe judgment, and in J.
V. Webster of San Louis Obispo we
have a man who will wisely look after
our interests. The matter of fusion is
now uppermost in the minds of all our
delegates. Let us take a firm stand
against any such programme. We fused
with the Democrats once before and
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1893.
NOT A FINAL TEST
SAYS THOMAS V. CATOR
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— T0 the Editor of The Call— Sir: I do not
by any means regard the vote for temporary chairman this morning
as a final test of the two wings of the Populist party. Many delegates
supported Mr. Hutchinson for reasons other than his position in re
gard to fusion, and at the proper tl me they will be found supporting
the nomination of a straight People's party ticket. On the action of
this convention the very existence of the People's party depends, and
if the delegates allow themselves and their constituents to become ab
solved from our obligations by folly, they will have less wisdom than I
suppose. It is clear to many friends of fusion that a Democrat would
be injured rather than helped by being forced on this convention at this
time. THOMAS V. CATOR.
found when it was too late that the
Democratic party was false to its
promises and pledges. Let us be
warned by the experience of two years
ago and avoid fusion. It is time that
the people's party should determine
what it is going to do in 1900. The
People's party is a party of reform.
The Democratic party only makes a
pretense of reform. No reform that
is genuine will ever come through the
Democratic party. Away with the
Democratic machine and Democratic
methods. If the People's party must
go down let it go down in honor and
with right on its Bide."
George D. Gillospie of San Francisco,
who is head Populist spokesman for the
Jdaguire wing of the Democracy, made
reply to Cator. He said that he was
surprised at the wonderful change of
heart shown by Cator.
"Two years . go, when he wanted to
go to the United States Senate," said
Oillespie, "he advocated fusion. Po
litical conditions have nut changed
since then, but the man has. Are we
prepared to jump from one base to
another becaui -• certain people have
changed? I emphatically answer,
'No. 1 "
The Maguire i'opullsts applauded
these remarks. Then Patterson of
Kings County indulged in a little, ora
tory on behalf of Webster.
"The people of the State are sad and
moaning," said he, "and fervently
praying for relief. They want a gen
eral to lead them in the next battle,
and that we are going to give them one
will be shown if we elect J. V. Web
ster our chairman. They will then
know that we are going to upset the
hellish plotting of the corporations.
They will know that they will be led
into the light by a leader tried and true,
a leader who is a Populist instead of a
half-breed."
The flood gates of oratory were closed
after J. D. Moynahan mad? an appeal
to the delegates to support Hutchinson
for chairman.
The roll was called and Hutchinson
was elected on , the first ballot by a
vote of 171% to 109%. The announce
ment of the r -suit was applauded by
the fusionists, who believe that a test
of the strength of the fusion and anti
fusion forces was made in the contest.
The vote of the counties represented
at the convention was as follows:
Counties— Hutchinson. Webster.
Alameda ....'. 8 12
Amador 4
Butte 6
Colusa 1 3
Contra Costo 3H 1U
El Dorado - 6
Fresno 10 ....
Humboldt 9 1
Kern 1 4
Kings 4
Lnke , ... 4
Lassen I ...
Los Angeles 19 ....
Marin ; 4 ....
Mendoclno 6 ....
Merced 5 ....
Monterey 6
Xapa 4
Nevada 7
Orange 5 ....
Placer 5 ....
Riverside 5
Hacramento 9 3
San Benlto 4
Kan Bernardino 2 5
San Diego 10
San Francisco 26 3
San Joaquln 6 ....
Santa Barbara 3 2
Santa Clara 6 8
Santa Cruz 7 ....
Shasta , 7
Solano 5
Sonoma 1 4
Tehama 5
1 Tulare 8
Yolo 4
F. J. Gregory of Alameda was elected
secretary by acclamation.
"Will Mr. Webster act as a committee
of one to escort Mr. Hutchinson to the
chair?" asked Chairman Ward.ell.
"I have had enough honors showered
on me," replied Webster.
There was a pause for a few seconds
and everyone expected that trouble was
ahead. A delegate from Orange was
quickly appointed to escort Hutchinson
to the presiding officer's chair. Gil
lespie of San Francisco proposed three
cheers for Hutchinson and they were
given by the Maguireltes.
"I esteem it a hijrh honor to have
been chosen your temporary chairman,"
said Hutchinson. addressing the dele
gates, "and I wish to announce at this
time that I am not here in the interest
of any set or clique of men. I am here
— and we are all here — for the purpose
of redeeming the State of California.
We are not the tools of any clique or
any man. We are here to do business
In a businesslike way instead of clutch
ing at one another's throat. We are
not here to hiss or quarrel. Every mat
ter brought up for consideration should
be calmly studied. We hear talk of
fusion on all sides. For myself, I can
say that I am not one of those who be
lieve in fusion at any cost. We have
concessions to make and to ask. If we
go about our work in a methodical,
businesslike way I am sure that when
our deliberations are ended we will
have given California a new political
map."
Hutchinson then announced the fol
lowing list of officers and assistants:
I Sergeant-at-arms. W. E. Bowles; as
i sistant sergeant-at-arms, William
I Daly: clerks, A. Dittmar and Dr. W.
:H. Henderson; pages, Edgar Camp,
Norman Moynahan and Julius Jacobs.
J. W. Hines moved that a committee
of nine on credentials be appointed.
The motion prevailed and Chairman
Hutchinson named the following com
mittee: J. W. Hines, Santa Clara: J.
D. Hammond, San Diego; F. Houghton,
Tehama; H. Huppert, San Francisco;
L,. A. Miller, San Luis Obispo; George
W. Monteith, Marin; G. W. Cart
wright, Fresno; Hiram Hamilton,
Orange, and M. E. Dittmar, Shasta.
As the convention was about to take
a recess to allow the credential com
mittee time to perform its work, J. V.
Webster claimed the floor.
"I think I owe an apology to this
convention and to .our former chair
man. When he asked me to act as a
committee of one to escort Mr. Hutch
inson to the chair, I did not catch
what he said. I thought he was nam
ing me on another committeeand I said
that I had sufficient honors already be
stowed on me. Had I understood his \
request, I would have willingly served." |
Warden replied that he at first felt
Inclined to believe that he had been
treated discourteously.
"I feel relieved," said he, "when
Brother Webster explains that he did
not understand what I said."
"There is no need for any apologies,"
interrupted Chairman Hutchinson, "for
it was a mere mistake."
The convention then adjourned to
meet at 3 o'clock to receive the report
of the committee on credentials.
It was close to 5 o'clock when the
committee returned to the assembly
chamber. There was a contest over
the seats of one of the Sacramento del
egates and the committee had a hard
time settling it to tne satisfaction of
the interested parties.
Delegate Cator introduced a resolu
tion to the effect that proxies be not
voted. He favored a plan of having
the votes of all absentees divided in a
ratio of the majority from the county
affected, reserving the right to cast
the largest part of the absentee vote.
A lengthy debate followed. Some of
the delegates who held proxies insisted
on being granted the right to vote
them, without having to submit to the
dictates of the majority of their county
delegation present. It was finally de
cided to refer the resolution to the
committee on platform and resolutions.
The convention then divided into
Congressional districts to select from
their number delegates to serve on the
committee on permanent organization
and order of business and the commit
tee on platform and resolutions. The
following selections were made:
On organization and order of business —
First district, William Ayers, Eureka;
Second, J. E. Camp, Sacramento; Third,
John Aubrey Jones, Alameda; Fourth,
Georpfo D. Glllesple, Ran Francisco; Fifth,
Dr. John A. Miller, San Francisco; Sixth,
J. K. Burnett, San Luis' CBispo; Seventh,
J. F. Peck. Merced.
On platform and resolutions First dis
trict, J. W. Warberis and M. E. Dittmar
of Redding; Second, J. H. McKune. Sac
ramento, and John Davis, Placer; Third.
Green Majors and Burdefte Cornell of
Alameda: Fourth, W. N. Grlswold and C.
D. Cleveland, San Francisco: Fifth, H. A.
Mason, San Jose and A. B. Kinne, San
Francisco: Sixth, Milton Carlson, Los
Angeles; J. L. Barker. Santa Barbara;
Seventh, G. P. Cummings, Fresno; A. C.
Mouzer, San Diego. V".
A. R. Sprague was then elected at
large to serve on the platform commit
tee.
A resolution empowering the State
committee to pass on matters of party
interest when signed by fifteen mem
bers was referred to the committee on
resolutions. An adjournment until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning was then
taken. ______________
Woodland Becruits.
WOODLAND, July 12.— An officer re
cruited twenty-five men for the Nevada
Battalion here to-day. They left on
the afternoon train for Careon.
STRAIGHT-OUTS
WILL HOLD THEIR
OWN CONVENTION
Decide to Nominate a Full Ticket
if Maguire Carries Off the
Plum.
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— James G.
Maguire stands but a slim chance of
capturing the Populist State Conven
tion. His opponents say he stands not
the slightest chance, while his friends
make no attempt to conceal their
anxiety and to-night are t-lking about
leaving the head of the ticket open.
Since the vote for temporary chair
man was taken in the convention this
morning the situation has taken many
turns. Then the fusionists claimed
everything in sight and talked boast
ingly of having put the middle-of-the
roadsters to rest permanently. They
half expected to see their opponents
walk out of the convention hall and
would not have been sorry had they
clone so, but after the long recess,
when it was found that the anti
fusionists were in their seats and not
showing the least disposition to admit
defeat, the Buckley-Maguires became
apprehensive.
Cator's resolution to have the com
mittees named by the Congressional
districts deprived the chairman of that
much-desired task, but the fusionints
rallied and managed to control the
rules, permanent organization and plat
form committees in the end.
Even this did not disconcert the anti
fusionists. They had attempted to
caucus during recess, but were unable
to muster a respectable number of their
following, so they adjourned until to
night. The mooting was held at the
State House, according to agreement,
and lasted nearly three hours. But it
settled the fate of James G. Maguire,
so far as the Populists are concerned.
"No fusion and no compromise," was
the watchword, and this will be fol
lowed out to the last ditch.
A programme was definitely agreed
upon, which Is nothing less than to hold
a convention of the middle-of-the-road
sters after the present body adjourns,
if necessary, and put up a complete
ticket from top to bottom.
The middle-of-the-ro.idsters will not
bolt now: they are determined to force
the fusionists to terms, and believe
they will be able to do so. The leaders
have held the 109 votes cast for Web
ster as firm as a rock, and claimed
they have gained some accessions from
their opponents. This may or may not
be true, but it is a fact that some of
the Southern delegates are beginning
to ask what the Democrats propose to
give them in the way of patronage in
addition to the minor places on the
ticket that will be doled out to them.
These questioners are far sighted and
reason something like this: With the
war with Spain in progress, the con
servative people will naturaly support
the administration in every way pos
sible even to State and local offices. In I
consequence the State is almost cer- j
tain to go Republican, with the pos- !
sible exception of Governor, and the j
Fusionists can save him only by j
slaughtering the others on the ticket, j
This would leave the Democrats with j
the Governor and his patronage, and ;
the Populists the barren honor of hay- '
ing put up some candidates for other
offices who were defeated. Naturally, !
looking at the situation in this light, ,
these far-seeing ones are turning their '
attention to some of the appointive
places, and they want to know what.
they may expect in that line. And the
more they yonder, the more inclined !
they are to let Maguire severely alone. !
Every hour finds the majority of this |
morning more divided. While some are
Still holding out for Maguire, others are '
becoming more firmly convinced that j
the better plan would be not to mention
Maguire in convention at all, but leave
the head of the ticket vacant, to be
filled later by the State Committee
after conferring with the other parties
and getting the best possible terms.
Still another faction of the fusionists ;
is in favor of a scheme to put up a
dummy ticket to be knocked down
later and Demrrcrats substituted. This j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost •
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
1 effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
. and development just where it is needed.
, It cures all the ills and troubles that
I come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. Tho institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
i able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream,
Facial Powder, If ueed dally, will Soften,
Whiten, Beautify and Preserve the skin and
prevent Wrinkles, Freckles or Chapping. J. H.
WOODBURY, Dermatologist. 127 Weat Forty-
eecond at., New York.
faction has gone so far as to pick out
some of its candidates and E. M. War
dell of Los Angeles, chairman of the
State Central Committee, has con
sented to become the vicarious sacri
fice of accepting the nomination fur
Governor.
This proposition is actually being
seriously considered to-night by a con
siderable following of fusionists, and
there is a strong probability of its be
ing put into effect. The middle-of-the
roadsters, however, are fully advised
of such a plan, and at their caucus to
night took steps to defeat its object by
agreeing to hold their independent con
vention and placing a straight out
ticket in the field just the same,
whether the fusioni.sts named Maguire
or left the head of the ticket vacant.
With their 109 votes well in hand, and
with the fiisionists divided into three
factions, it certainly looks at midnight
as though the middle-of-the-roadsters
held tho whip hand. Tt is certain that
The men who are full of energy and de-
termination are those fit to fight Weak-
lings are afraid of their own powers even.
They are full of dread lest some one should
find out the truth as to their strength. If
\ you are weak why will you continue to be
so? You perhaps feel that you are bound to
continue to be a weak mortal. That is quite
untrue. You can be an admired and a vigor-
ous man if you wish to try. Men who have
! ruined their digestive organs by excess can
recover their full use. Those who have
livers so sluggish that they do not act at all
may get back that brightness of spirit that
shows clean systems. No matter what organ
'• of the body it-may be that has been treated
. unfairly it may be restored to vigorous
action. " Hudyan " does this. It is a
remedio-treatment. It goes to the root of
the disease. It makes men "fit to fight" —
no matter whether it be the battle for liberty
or the fight for riches. Ask about it. Ask
what it has done for the big army of 20,000
men who sing its world- wide fame. Circu-
lars are free. Medical advice is free. Why
not have what does not cost you a cent? By
asking you can get advice and information
that you would not sell for its weight in
pure gold.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
f ! ~
A well-known lawyer of high standing and reputation,
practicing in New York City, states in a very emphatic way i
" There is no doubt whatever that
are a good thing. Any one troubled, as I was for years, with
dyspepsia and sour stomach, will find almost instant relief in
nine cases out of ten. I have recommended the Tabules
dozens of times, and the result has been uniformly beneficial
and satisfactory."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ra Strengthens the
,JS entire system-
7Mv Body, Brain and
fj^3 Nerves- Relieves
§ Stomach Trou-
Stomach Trou-
bles.
(MARIANI VJINE)
No other preparation has ever
received so many voluntary tes-
timonials from eminent people
as the world-famous Mariani
Wine.
Gives Appetite.
Produces Refreshing Sleep.
f\ SAFEGUARD
AGAINST . ...
Mental Diseases.
For overworked men, delicate
women, sickly children this
healthful, invigorating and
stimulatiug tonic has no equal.
DOSE— A small wine glass full three times a
day.
All Drupgists. Avoid Substitutions.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANt
& CO., T. 2 West Fifteenth street. New York
City, will be sent, free, book containing por-
traits with indorsements of Kmperors, Em-
press, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and
othfs- interesting matter.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3
Mortimer st.; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital st.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOd
%v.r PALACE «S
%GRAND H9mk£%
a SAH FRAJVCISCO. q
" Connected by a. covered passageway.
O 1400 Rooms— With Bnth Attached. °
O AU Under One Management. O
0 NOTE T3E PHICEB: 0
y» European Plan, 81 .00 per day and upward
© American Plan.gtrt.OO per day and upward
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KIBKFATRICE, Manager. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
'D'OTTC'TTinC FOP. barbers, bak-
nnljil ri ill kj TS bootblacks, bath-
wilUMiiuw houses. billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe ' factories.
Btablemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
The pnra essential extract from the native drijj. Oon«
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
witHout *ts noxious elements. No sickness cf Rtoniachj
no Tomiting ; no costlveness ,no iicau.icno. AU Drng^ism
The Weekly Call.
o^ It Publishes the Cream ot th«
"o< News of the Week and
ci MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BRST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
1) PACIFIC COAST
2 — — // — ■
3 The Best \ / Mining
|°J Telegraphic \<s' News That
j°\ Service on s\ ' s Accurate
ioc The Coast / \& up to d^t«
°\ / X
o( Not a Line of ft Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clean, A Champion of
) Thoughtful. Truth.
ol — L
i o> A CAUFORNIA NEWSPAPER
| "j ALL THE TIML
(J FT ADVOCATES 1 SEVT BY
J HOME MAIL, Sl.St
<=X INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.unless the fuslonlsts surrender to them
unconditionally they will put a com
plete ticket in the field, with Shanahan
at the head.
One thing that has cut deeply into
the fusion forces to-night has been the
circulation of the Congressional Record
containing the speech of Maguire, in
•which he moved to strike the Income
tax out of the Wilson tariff bill on Jan
uary 31, 1R94. On •"age 2nr>6 Judge Ma
guire is quoted as follows:
The amendment which I have offered
strikes out all of the sections of the
amendment offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee iMr. "McMilleni. which
provide for the levy and collection of a
tax on incomes, and proposes to raise an
equivalent amount of revenue by a direct
tax on the value of land In the I'nited
States apportioned to the States and Ter
ritories in proportion to their population.
Those who are sincere cannot under
stand this attitude of Maguire against
one of the fundamental principles of
Populism.
CONSPIRATORS
PERFECT PLANS
Democrats flrrive and Map
Out tY)e pusionists'
Course.
SACRAMENTO. July 11— The Demo
crats who ;jr^ attempting to swallow
the Populist party with fusion bait are
not losing any time. The committee
of conference from the State Dem
ocracy arrived here late at night and
Its coming was anxiously awaited by
Hit Maguireites. The committee Is not
■ making any particular fight for Ma
glilre. All it wants is to have the
Populists delay their nominations or
put up mor. who will withdraw when
the Democrats name their ticket.
The train from San Francisco had
chairman W. Haluclnatlon Alford.
Ben Maddox of Visalia, John W.
Mitch., of Los Angeles, Frank Gould,
ex-Congressman Caminetti and Dr. D.
K. Trask of Loa Angeles aboard.
They at once went to the dolden
Eagle Hotel, where they wore joined by
W. P. Lawlor, chairman of the Silver
campaign committee. After a confer-
EARL ROGERS PREDICTS
MAGUIRE'S NOMINATION
The Populist Mix-Up at Sacramento as Viewed
by a Southern) California Demo
crat.
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— T0 th* Editor of The Call— Sir: You cannot
determine what is the sentiment of a People's party convention by
methods which enable you to understand the situation in any other po
litical body. A Populist resents leadership and Is prone to vote his in
dividual preferences In all matters of procedure. Votes In Populist conven- *
tionß, unless taken upon a proposition directly and plainly Involving the
main Issue, are of little value as Indicators. Yet Mr. Hutchinson was so
thoroughly committed to fusion, had made such a vigorous fight In the
1 ibbies, and was so unmistakably th-> representative of Southern California,
where fusion sentiment prevails universally, that the vote for and against
him was certainly a test Further. Mr. Webster's services to his party In the
past enabled him to command the support of fifty or sixty d legates who
will vote for fusion.
The danger is that the sinister Influence of the energetic Southern Pa
cific lobby, which is here in strength, and, strange to say, in evidence,
will solidify Mr. Cator's following and that Mr. Cator's parliamentary .'x
perlence wiu enable him to euchre the fuslonists out of their victory, un
less they are well led on the floor. That is the game now beha
lf the fu&ionists un lerstanu their position they will view with suspicion
anything proposed by him.
A hand-to-hand canvass enables me to say that about 70 per cent of the
C or.-- :i. Every man who favors fusion is far Maguire. I
do not believe any other Democrat can pet one-quarter of the Populist votes
■u'liich Mapuir- can < ■ mmand.
Wie'pla ... tedly bs th" Oregon fusion platform, with a
plank added Indorsing the war with Spain, together with a strong de-
Ltion against i n general and against the Southern Pacific,
with Its Interference in the San Pedro matter and the funding bill in par
ar, V- r the latter plank the railroad has its lobby to thank.
ithern California Democrats will favor fusion with Populists on that
rm, I l><
Whether Maguire -w-.il tv» nominated by the convention or whether the
will be left vacant and Maguire recommended to the Democratic con
vent; in, re-mains und termlned. If it wen' certain that the Democrats
would nominate him h<* would receive the nomination here in ten minutes.
Ir; that event the threatened bolt of Cator, the Tulare delegation and a
eda mieht ensue. Magnlrr's nomination by the Democrats
Is ;- • certain that I believe he will be nominated here.
Th^ Populists hav<* no senatorial candidate since the downfall of Cator.
TVh'.re's successor seems to be conceded to th-- Southern California Dem
ocracy. Abbott Kinney is entirely satisfactory. His availability and ability
both are admitted. He and Mafruire are among the few Democrats who
can g<n united Populist and Silver Republican support without offending
something of th^ <•< >nservative element in their own party. In fact if the
legislature ha.s a fuslonist majority and the senatorship goes to the south
no one but Kinney has any chance now.
Speaking to some extent for the Democracy of the south, I believe
that if t! 3 convention adrpts a reasonable platform and indorses or nomi
r.af.-s Masruir^ that the Lieutenant-Governor, the controller, the Super
intendent of Public Instruction and two Congressmen will be allowed them,
with othf-r possibilities.
In view of the bitter Southern Pacific fight made here to prevent Ma
guire's nomination or indorsement this convention owes it to itself and its
party to declare for him. KARL ROGERS.
lasting over an hour, during which
time the best bait to be used for cap
turing the Populists was discussed, the
political warriors walked to the State
}l r 'use to meet the conspirators who are
seeking to wreck the Populist party. A
■ ■ rence is now b>-ing held, and It is
probable but little honest work will be
done when the convention meets this
morning in the assembly chamber of
1h» State Capitol. The plan of th» Dem-
ocrats is to prevent any nominations
being made at this time. If it is found
that the middle-of-the-road men are
strong: enough to block the game, some
one will be named for Governor who
will at the proper time get an attack
of "cold feet" and withdraw from the
ticket.
That the Democrats are playing a
deep game is best understood by the
report from the committee on perma
nent organization and order of busi
ness that will be presented this morn
ing. The members of the committee
were pledged to secrecy, but where
more than one knows a secret, it no
longer remains a secret. The commit-
tep will recommend that the temporary
officers of the convention be made the
permanent officers, that a committee ol
Beven, one from each Congressional dis
trict be appointed "for the purpose of
conferring with other political reform
forces with a view i f forming a union
to promote Populist principles."
Here is where the joker will come
and show Democratic strategy. me
committee will recommend that there
be no other business until the confer
ence committee reports. After It re
ports nominations for Governor will be
In order. In conclusion the report
reads:
"The foregoing Is a partial report,
and we ask for further time, to com
plete the purposes for which we were
appointed."
The middle-of-the-road men Bay they
will not consent to any such pro
gramme.
"The convention will be forced to
make nominations at once," remarked
one of them this morning, "and on the
fuslonists* refusal to do so, there are
others who have a deen Interest in the
success of the party who will see that
a straight ticket is nominated before
they leave Sacramento."
John W. Mitchell of L,os Angeles has
been turned down by the Populists —
turned down so hard that he does not
yet realize "where he is at." Mitchell
came up to-night as one of the Demo
cratic conference committee intending
to take part in the proceedings.
When it was ascertained that Mit
chell was her^. Earl Rogers, who has
had his hammer out for Mitchell ever
since he was upset by the latter six
months ago In Los Angeles on a posi
tion promised him, called several of the
fusion Populists together, including E.
M. Wardell, and reminded them of an
incident during the recent conference
of Populists. Democrats and silver Re
publicans in San Francisco, when Mit
chell refused to recognize Wardell
when he attempted to address the con
ference.
Wardell and the others remembered,
and then and there declared they would
have nothing to do with Mitchell.
They sent word to Alford. Maddux and
the rest of the Democrats that they
would be happy to meet them, but that
Mitchell must be left behind. The
Democrats stormed and fumed, but to
no avail. The Populists were obdurate,
and eventually the Democrats sur
rendered as gracefully as they could.
When the conference was held Mitchell
was left out, and he will remain out
to-morrow and hereafter when Demo
crats and Populists meet.
This is the second railway attorney
to fall to-day. George W. Baker be
came disgusted at the attempt to bring
about fusion and sent in his resigna
tion as chairman of the Sliver Republi
can committee. To-night he packed
his grip and stole quietly down to the
depot, boarding the first train for San
Francisco.
AT WORK ON
THE PLATFORM
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— The corn
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
TO FUSE OR
NOT TO FUSE
THE QUESTION
A Fusion Committee Appointed
by the State Democratic
Organization-
Governor Budd's Plans Adopted After Some
Kicking— Chairman Alford Is Confident
of Success.
The nervousness that hns pervndod the
Democratic ranks since the bewhiskered
party went to Sacramento with banners
flying and declarations of Independence
calculated to cause political cold extremi
ties among the most courageous of the
unterrined was to a gnat decree quieted
yesterday. This BUdden gratifying change
In the condition of the leaders of the party
was the result of a meeting <>f the Demo
cratic State Central Committee held at
the California Hotel.
The conference was brought about by
the defiant attitude of the Populists at
the Capitol, who apparently proposed to
open the battle on ttvir own account
without any reference t.> the feelings of
their Democratic friends. The Central
Committee had guarded against a repulse
i by sending seme of it.- ir.'i^t trusted lieu
! tenants to the seem of conflli t, the leader
being no less a personage than ex-Judge
\V. P. I*awlur. !5y keeping the wires hot
with questions and answers an agreement
whs finally arrived ;it by which tne Popu
lists secured concessions sufficiently mo
mentous to induce them to tie up their
convention, which was In full working or
der, and agree to "do nothing" till the
committee representing the Democrats
apj>< ared for a conference. This an
nouncement came after the Democratic
promises had been digested in Sacramento
and the Populist convention had voted for
fusion by a targe majority.
The nir>: :m;.: yesterday was attended by
Borne of th>- most prominent whe>-l horses
i of the party, among whom were: Gover
nor Budd. W. 11. Alford. Frank Could,
"Bob" Pitzgecald, Eugene Deuprey, Hen
Maddox, the Whisperer and many others.
In the haste to get down to executive
business and do something to cheek the
dangerous cane;- f the convention at the
capital city, the committee dispensed
with the reading of the minutes of the
previous meeting and proceeded with the
labor or' adjusting the troubles In hand.
The prepared programme wa-s carried out
' to the i redit of all concerned, being helped
, along by more or less entertaining
oratory.
Governor Budd in the capacity of guide
. and philosopher of the conferring leaders
i sidetracked the minutes and started the
ball rolling by moving that the two old
ling committees, that on welfare and
organization and the conference commit
;■ .-. be merged into a Joint committee
and instructed to go to Sacramento to
confer with the Populists as to fusion;
also that suid Joint committee be given
: full power to make final arrangements
with their long-whiskered friends as to
the division of nominations and the nar
row path in which they must walk if
they desire to secure the support of the
Demo< racy inul avoid being sponged off
the political slate as a factor in the com
ampaign.
■ iron-bound proviso in the resolu
tion was that the Populists must keep
hands off In the matter of nominations
that are to be made by the Democrats
and leave such places vacant for the fu
nction of the Democratic convention.
The inference was plain that In any case
where this resolution was disregarded
the Democrat whn was so misguided as
to accept a nomination from the Populists
v, . iid be coolly turned Jown.
The Governor stated that he had been
• notified from Sacramento that the Popu
1 lists would fuse if they were given the
! Lieutenant Governor, Controller and Bu
, perintendent of Public. Instruction. He
' insisted that no one should have a hand
i In the nomination of the State Democrat
ic ticket but the convention of that great
party.
Senator Ostrom, remembering the un
lamented Dolly Varden party, was a 1.1
i tie shy of fusion, except with those who
would "come into the Democratic fold."
He was evidently not a member of the
Inner court, for he wanted the committee
instructed more fully. Clitus Bar:>nir dis
played considerable trepidation as to the
result of the proposed action. He feared
that the Populists would nominate a
Democrat for Governor and place his
party In the position of Indorsing the
nominee, and thus make it possible lor
"the Populist tail to wag the Democratic
dog." He recoenized a number of his old
sand- lot friends in the sonveation ut
Facram< nto, and for this rsason hopt-d
that the Populist* could be induced to
postpone their operations and meet si
mii.ianeousiy with the Demonrats. This
he desired In order to "sit on the George
■\V Bakers and the T. V. Cators."
Chairman Alford declared that tne joint
mittee on platform and resolutions met
to-night. Chairman Milton Carlson pre
siding. The following committees were
then appointed:
Direct Legislation — Majors, Ditmar,
Carlson.
Finance— Cornell. Mouser. Sprague.
Railroads and Nicaragua Canal— Kinne,
Davla, McKune.
War— Mason, Cleveland, CummlnßS.
Taxation and Labor— Barkee, Griswold,
Warboy.
Courts and Injunction—
The reports of the sub-committees
were then received and the following
was submitted for the approval of the
general committee:
The People's party of the State of Cal-
fornia, realizing the urgent necessity of
roforni In the State and nation, reaffirm
our convictions in the principles fnun
ciated in our national platform at St.
Louis. We declare Government hy rep
resentation a failure unless the people
retain the right tb Veto bad legislation
and to initiate and vote upon proposed
laws directly; and we therefore demand
an amendment to the constitution pro
viding:
First— That any lnw or ordinance adopt
ed by any legislative body of this State
sh.nll be subjected to a popular vote
when demanded by a proper authenticat
ed petition signed by a reasonable per
cent of the electors of the State, city
or municipality, and If such a vote show
committee wouU. not be all powerful, as I
whatever action they might take would :
be subject to the action of the Demo- |
cratic >tate convention. Mr. Gould of- )
fered an amendment, which was accepted, i
that any agreement or indorsements by |
the Populists should in no way affect the j
full right of the Democratic party in the
formation of any platform or declaration
of principles it may see lit to adopt. Mr.
Gould, the gentleman who is "now of San
Francisco," casually remarked that such
a proviso should be made, and that if a !
platform was drawn that did not suit
him he should bolt. Furthermore, he :
cUdu't like fus.on, but favored a pcheme '
of mutual indorsement, which would not j
get his good, old Democratic doctrine :
hopelessly tangled up with the diverse 1
and often pyrotechnic principles of the j
Populists.
Mr. Otis of Sonoma had similar qualms |
of political conscience, and "Bob" j
Mizgerald shied at the scheme In the |
fear that it would drive tne floating j
Populist vote Into the Republican ranks, i
The resolution was finally adopted by a j
large majority.
This delicate question being settled, the
Governor sprung another surprise that
gave the minority an opportunity to do i
some earnest kicking and declare the:r '
undying allegiance to the lofty principles |
of the party; also their belief that Dem
ocracy would be invincible if Its leaders
would pursue "a bold and courageous
course" without reference to the actions |
of their disesteemed friends, the Republi
cans.
Governor Budd's proposition was that
the same Joint committee should be given
tne power to fix the date for holding the
coming State convention, In order that
they might wait till the Republicans had
called their convention and then convene
the Democratic hosts two days ahead of
that date.
Among the protestors against this trans
fer of autocratic power were Senator Os
trom and Max Popper, who thought such
a course would be an exhibition of cow.
ardice. These gentlemen were carefully
squelched by the Governor, who gay«
them a variation of the proposition thai
discretion is the better p:irt of valor, by
saying if Ilerr Popper had been Sampson
in front of Santiago he would have steam
er right Into the harbor and been "blown
h west and crooked" merely to show
that he was not afraid of any combina
tion.
Mr. Ostrom's amendment that the con
vention be held on the second Tuesday in
August was buried out of sight by a vote
of 70 to 12, notwithstanding the fact thai
Mr. Popper looked significantly at Mr.
Budd and said he was not looking for
anything personally and that Mr. Budd
looked at Mr. Popper impatiently and said
nothing.
The minority having been pocketed a
telegram from Sacramento was read an
nouncing that the Populist convention
had agreed to fuse by a largo majority,
which was greeted by hearty cheers.
The State committee then adjourned.
The joint committee which hns been
given such extraordinary power is com
posed as follows: Welfare— R. M. Fitz
gerald, \Y. a. Alford, J. H. I'.udd, F. H.
Gould, (1. McNab. B. M. Maddox, E. N.
Deuprey, C. M. Cassin, J. J. Irwin: con
ference—J. W. MitcJtcllj A. Caminettl,
Max Popper, Coloiui W. P. Sullivan Jr.
and J. A. Hix. These gentlemen, who
have the colossal Job of corralling the
Populists, left for Sacramento at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Chairman Alfoni of the State committee
was in a very cheerful frame of mind
after the successful disposition of the
programme and Immediately sent for a
decorator and ordered a lavish spread
of bunting and emblems placed around
the Democratic headquarters.
"The result of the meeting this after
noon was exceedingly satisfactory," said
hf "The resolutions adopted are in the
proper line for fusion, notwithstanding
the objections made to them, and we feel
quite confident that In the coming con
ference we will succeed in making ar
rangements with the Populists in full ac
cord with the instructions given the joint
comniittee. I have a telegram from Judge
\V P I-awlor saying that the Populist
convention has agreed to fusion by a big
majority, chairman Dorr of the Populist
fusion committee just telephoned me that
the convention would take no further ac
tion till our committee had reached Sac
ramento find mutual propositions had
been considered. I regard this action as
very encouraging and feel sure that a
good understanding will be reached.
a majority ngainst such law or ordinance j
It shall be invalid.
Second— That upnn petition of 10 per
cent of the electors of State, city or mu
nicipallty, as the case may lie. the re
spective legislative bodies shall submit
to the electors therein any question the
submission of which has been demanded
hy such petition, or shall submit to them
for their approval a law. constitutional ,
amendment or ordinance containing such
provisions as may be demanded by such
petitioners. This method will enable the
people to elect their laws as (veil as I
their servants and will Rive them com- I
plete proportional representation.
Third— When legislation has been adopt- \
ed as herein provided by the people no
legislative body shall have the right to
nullify such act without the consent of
the people, given at the polls.
Fourth— That when the qualified elect
ors of State or county or of cities or
municipalities thereof, shall have cast a
majority vote upon any question so sub
mitted to them, such majority vote shall
settle and determine whether the same
is adopted, rejected or repealed.
At this stage of the proceeding's ex-
Renator Wilson of Tehama County ap
peared with a bundle of resolutions
under his arm, followed by Mr. Mon
teith, who had several suggestions to
offer. The committee, fearing no doubt
an avalanche of similar contributions,
hastily resolved itself into an executive
session and everybody was bundled out.
The chairman announced that the
press representatives would be sup
plied with a draft of the platform when
adopted, but observed that they would
be denied admission to the circus which
will precede the final vote on the Popu
listic platform.
LUST OF OFFICE
Populist Van Me
ter's Sad Record
of Blasted
Ambition.
Of the Populist members of the
convention who congregated at
Sacramento yesterday one of the
most prominent was E. S. Van
Moter of Fresno, who presided over
the caucus of those favorable to
fusion and presumably to the nomi
nation of Maguire for Governor.
Mr. Van Meter is of Democratic
antecedents. He was born in Vir
ginia, emigrated early in life to
Illinois. A lawyer In Bloomington,
he was a persistent applicant for
office. la 1888 or thereabouts he
drifted Into Fresno and flung his
THE EMPOBIUM. | , THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
%?¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥*£*
I Glear^tnce Sa.B«— Second W«ek \
t ~ Oivind up tUe, Profits. |
J "California's Largest— America's Grandest Store" is the established leader of styles J
fe on this western coast. With our trade there can be no "iast season's" goods — that fact *
* forces them out this season at some price, however small. If you need summer goods ' *
* you cannot hesitate now — present values won't allow it. |
— . ___
I Some of the Week's Best Bargains. |
X {Men's $10, $12.50 and $15 All-Wool 75c and $1.00 Wool U\p-Deltv Dress J
* Summer Suits for . $7.50 ; Fabrics for 50c J
* Boys' $2.50, $3 and $3.50 Mi-Wool Ladies' Fancy Fast Color Hose 10c 5
J Summer Suits for • .$1.50 j Ladies' 35c Handkerchiefs 15c «
* {Men's $1 Shirts for 63c j Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Egyptian Cot- 1
I Very Best Flour, per sack $1.00 ion Vests 10c ♦
! SKSTor Gloves. iSfJPBfc Silks. $1 Puff Ties 49c. |
{ About 700 ■>. $1 Si f ks 50 dozen choic- .^r^^^^Sv ♦
* A p3ir lef ,- °1 a S nTI n \ Now 59c est styles Ladles' ,^f~^^i *
* V^Cv^rV good quality La- /^/pWIW^^A "rJ Puff Scarfs, all *<&%??& *
f W\ dies' Iwo-Clasp \ \ IIZ of our dollar line, , 2wJW«!a vN \ I
£ \S IA U and Four-Button \^ ifsfi^ \ Stri ed comprising^Otto- $rwW'W\% t
i >^ \ Kid Gloves in X "JU \ and man silk, Ascots 7 V^/ U; *
i V -N^l all sizes -the Kj/ b^^ J fSS? with or \ vithout M • i\| "}
* ,*^*4^ color assortment / y~&\^<£\ tTI stock collars, in /| S # f «t
* r //T\ badly broken— /Mp^^NKOI Taffeta— black, navy f \ V \ «
\t (U\ hence the clear- /^fcf^gv/ **$** cream, white and Y( At
* II / lng prlce on W//5I »i^Cli\A JH cardinal, the \ iV ♦
» Vi) y these $1.25 and \Pi%^VA s h /des- newest and most / 1 {
t » / fi.so Gloves h&l:o:-PQA>m i'| Sh '°," stylish ladies' / I 2>
t ' WlHbe 65C %^^tW .- putf scarf in the / \ |
* /J^CSTMi^ suitable marI <et. madeh, ,1 / \. <
J 239 pairs Trefousse -Clasp Kid £JvO^"al for even- ?? n xtra , fh ful ' and I ' \ .1 S
* Goves. in novelty colorings, all f]M ing wear- l^J&°?*™^--J^^ 1
la, siz;s, former price $2.25 v,, — /> /<- v,\ \V i,\J former uic piccure is nx i —j> *
I pair.'deaungpriS SI-50 /rrf\ki P'^il°° 2££&E£l^ *'" 49c •
; 187 pnirs Trefousse 3-Clasp Un- r^jV 1 " \^^k clearing . ♦
; > dressed Xii Gloves, in novelty color- k^LA^" \ ' 7 " price ~ ~~ ' *
' tines,t ines, all sizes, former price BS»\ \/ 59c. Wash Fabrics. MUST |
I Jt K 7 ; pair, clearing price $1.00 <*\ 59c. Wash FaOflCS. GO NOW. J
. ! 215 pairs 2-Clasp Kid Fourchette $I^o Silks Now 79c All fth nn a intv Prints Fmrii«h |
i Gloves, in cream and white only, all Fancy Figured and Warp Print liiilSllli
* sizes, former price $1.50 pair, nft Taffetas-all choice evening shades- and ' f „ j, s^^ 0 / 1 "^. «
I $l - 00 SX/S. a " d ..!:: 5°5 ° 79C wk. reduced from ,oc yard C to e . S 7^C *
* *7 er\ elite TMoTir <tf fVI All of tlie Handsome 32-inch Fig- .*
* - u-VT? Sllfa Now $>.00 ie- ured Lawns and Dimities, in h stripe *
* CLEARANCE n__ _ A |_ High Class Novelty Jacquard Fig- and mottled effects, good colorings ♦
* SALE OF FINE KaraSOlS. ored Silk, all magnificent designs and sheer clotn reduced from i^c " , 1
* colorings— former prices 52.00 C| nn 1 yarJto \ */2 B.\C*
* Extraordinary, reductions on and $2.50 yard-clearing price frl-UU Allof the Stylish Embroidered Grass *
S» the balance of our superb stock -k|| jr» CQ r Linens, in dot and stripe effects, that ♦
IJ of Stylish Parasols-Colored UOIWr pIHITS O3C. were 20c yard now redue-d to |2 i c ■*
I » o , . ,c , . o , •^v We shall clear " «
: * Coaching and Street Parasols— &==? out the balance J
* from the best makers. T^A of our $1.00 line D^^j- rj-r*.--— <Ul f\f\ *
* \ -«/ ot Men's Colored DGSt llOlir vbI.UU. *
• * 75C Parasols now 50c J7vi Shirts in short f| To our customs in any quamijy *
» $3 50 Parasols now 2.33 W ®^Hp9nobby styles - eqUa ' a 7 f m ; f de J and W l" r f und y° ur *
» f£« Parasols now 2.67 I .W«i|A U!lU !l bodies or SHJ flouf cost°s%t n( rh, P m?n e t «
! * $5.00 Parasols now 3.33 \«M My with link cuffs to IVAacks 85 ff ° f a barrd ' COntainin g J
* $6 00 Parasols now 4.00 v^3 match. Now on lou^ sacKS . . *
1 J 7.c0 Parasols now 4.67 center counters in Men's Fur- AQ ™r the other Specials this week J
I f 9.00 Parasols now 6.00 nishing Dipt, marked to close... OjC | see card in grocery sbow-zvitidows. *$>
* • ■ . ~ "3IZ ' " *
j^ will be on txhibi.ion Kg §|| p ¥U0 SB* x» |^| you free as soon as
{^ but a few djys I '.•.;••'. p£?S l^ jP**^ SaITH<IB rH yf 888 issued send in yaitr <#
Don't miss ti. PllP 11 Ooldenßule Bazaai*. i|£3 name at once. *
j, M*j»»«gjpai«jui«t>ui N acw-Siimic> B^tfLfcH, tat •
' x A* A* AAA AA AAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAA AA At** it A AAAAA A &A* AAAA^A AAA A A A A-ii6 AAA x
banner to the breeze. He became
in lSf<l a Deputy District Attorney
under \V. D. Tupper. and his prin
cipal not desiring a re-election, he
was chosen as the Democratic
nominee for the place at the con
vention in IS<»2. Mr. Van Meter
evidently had nis head enlarged by
thls honor, for not being satisfied
to attend to his own race for the
position he took upon himself the
organization of the County Com
mittee of the Democratic party
and succeeded In defeating the
Hon. John McMullln, president of
the Fresno National Hank, for
chairman of that committee and
electing one Collyer. who was a
deputy in a county official's office.
This was done before the Republi
can convention met.
Mr. Van Meter was duly praised
for defeating the boss' programme.
The Republican convention refused
to nominate a candidate for Dis
trict Attorney. Judge Stanton
Carter, to whom the nomination
was offered, refusing absolutely to
accept It. Later the Republican
County Committee indorsed Fir
man Church, the Peonies nominee,
and Mr. Van Meter, who took upon
himself the naming of the principal
officer Of the County Committee,
was disgracefully defeated.
Hut this did not satisfy his greed
for oftice. The Legislature of 1893
created the county of Madera, and
in May, ISW, Mr. Van Meter
promptly announced his candidacy
in that county for Superior Judge.
He was most inglorlously defeated
by the Hon. William Conley, and
although he got the derisive name
of being a candidate for "Circuit"
Judge he was not cured of his lust
of office, and in IPM secured the
Populist nomination for Judge of
the Superior Court of Fresno
County. He was badly beaten, al
though one Populist nominee,
Judge Rirley, was elected.
Mr. Van Meter is the only man
now recalled who ran twice in the
same year for different offices and
was beaten for both, except J. M.
Cavis. who was nominated for
Lieutenant-Governor on the same
ticket with Phelps in 1575. and de
feated at the election which took
place in September. He also ran
for County .Jurige of San Joaquin
County in October, 1575, and was
likewise defeated.
Mr. Van Meter may have some
solace in the dim distance. He was
Deputy District Attorney of Fresno
County under a Democrat, Mr.
Tupper, and it is possible that he
hopes to enjoy the same emolu
ments from the now Democratic
nominee should he be elected.
VACANCIES ON .
THE TICKET.
It Is Planned to Let the Dem
ocrats FiH in the
Names.
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— T0 the
Editor of The Call— Sir: There is every
indication that there will be an at
tempt made to leave vacancies on the
ticket to be filled later by the Demo
cratic convention. This programme
will probably be agreed upon after con
ference with the Democratic committee
unless it should be thought best to set
up a ticket of dummies, to be knocked
down afterward by some committee
appointed with plenary powers.
In that event there are several who
will allow themselves to be used as
wooden manikins in Maguire's interest.
The movement to nominate Maguire
openly in the convention has practi
ALFORD IS CONFIDENT.
') "The resolutions adopted are In
) the proper line for fusion • • •
) and we feel quite confident that In
) the coming ocnferenee we will sue
) ceed in making arrangements with
) the Populists in full accord with
) the instructions given the Joint
) committee. * * * The Populist
) convention has agreed to fusion by
) a big majority and the convention
) will take no further action until
) our committee reaches Sacramen
) to. • * I feel sure that a good un
) derstanding will be reached."—
D IV. H. Atford of the Democratic (
,>, State Central Committee in an in
£ ttrview yesterday.
cally been abandoned, as hopeless of
success.
CARLETON H. JOHNSON,
Secretary Populist County Committee
of San Francisco.
ARGONAUTS RETURN
FROM COPPER RIVER
SEATTLE. July 12.— The steamer
George W. Elder, which arrived to-day
from Southeastern Alaska ports, reports
that the steamer Del Norte. which was
towing the river steamer Wisconsin to
J-'t. Michael, abandoned the Wisconsin at
Juneau, The steamer Laurada, which
was towing two river steamers, the
Phillip B. Lowe and Katie Emrieh. to the
mouth of the Yukon, was obliged to re
turn to Sitka with her tows.
Among the Elder's 118 passengers were
about ninety from the Copper River coun
try, nearly all of whom had a tale of woe
relating to the disappointments and dis
couragements they had met. They say
aliout 600 prospectors are at the mouth of
Copper River waiting for an opportunity
to return to civilization. On the other
hand, many are pushing on to the Tanana
and Nimook districts. After coaling here
the Elder will go to Portland.
56
WEDNESDAY JULY 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE,JManager.
t>UBLICATIO.N OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874,
THE «?AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tljls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mail $6 per year; per montl)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulletin*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfte Hone*
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Bulldta*
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Martlet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS
Columbia— "Lost— 24 Hours "
Alcazar— "Faust
Morocco's— "Romany Rye"
Tlvoli— "Fat lnltzs,"
Orpheum - Vaudeville.
1!..- Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
French Celebration— At the Chutes. Thursday, July 14.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Kddy Btreeta, specialties
fcutro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, ilanclng'.boatlng', fishing 1 , every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Racea to-day.
AUCTION SAL.ES.
Ey ulllvan & Doyle— This day, Juiy IS, Horses, etc, at 827
Sixth street, ai 11 o'cloco.
By Kdward S. spear & Co.— Thursday, July 14. Groceries
Hardware, etc., at 217 Drumm street, . at 10 o'clock.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS SCORE ONE
TO be able to commend the Board of Harbor
Commissioners is a pleasure. Opportunities
have been so rare, and the necessity for doing
exactly the contrary so frequent, that the chance is
appreciated.
The Southern Pacific, with that swinish proclivity
which only recognizes the existence of the public
when there is a new way developed for imposing on
it, calmly undertook to keep people out of the depot,
or out of such part of the structure, as the corpora
tion, in its characteristically arrogant style, desired
for its own convenience not to have them enter.
Without consulting anything but their own selfish in
terests the officials of the company caused iron bar
riers to be erected at certain doors. Of course they
had no right to do this, and of course they did not
care whether they had or not. With equal propriety
might they construct a barb-wire fence across the
foot of Market street. They would do this without
hesitation if they had a reason for wishing to divert
traffic to another thoroughfare.
For once the company failed to have its way. Its
barriers attracted attention, its cheek aroused indig
• nation and the Harbor Commissioners had the im
pediments removed. It is worthy of note that this
was done before the Southern Pacific had been asked
for permission. In days gone by nothing so radical
could have occurred The company would have been
humbly petitioned to undo its work, would have
haughtily refused and the incident been regarded as
clofed.
Perhaps this little episode marks the beginning of
a new era. A fond hope arises that the Southern
Pacific hog is to have n ring in its nose, so that its
snouting in the public trough will be done with less
gusto. The Commissioners are to be congratulated
in the course they have taken. Without doubt the
company will remain right at the trough, but It may
not have all four feet in?ide all the time.
THE LACK OF SHIPS.
DISPATCHES from Washington, published
yesterday, in giving an account of arrange
ments made for a proposed descent upon Porto
Rico stated that there will be a delay occasioned by a
lack of transports. The dispatches say: "As yet
the Government has had poor success in chartering
or buying vessels on the Atlantic coast. If, how
ever, it is found impossible to obtain vessels from the
various steamship companies, it is the plan of the
Government to use some of the naval vessels for the
purpose of transporting the army."
We have thus another illustration added to the
many already given during the war of the heavy
handicap under which we are struggling in our ef
forts to get at the Spanish foe. We have battle-ships
enough to destroy their fleets, but, having done so,
we lack the transports required to carry the army to
points where they can reap the benefits of the naval
victories. Even at Santiago our troops have been
hampered by a want of supplies and of siege guns,
and as a consequence the capture of that city has
been the work of weeks instead of days.
All the proceedings of the war have shown that
commercial supremacy is an important factor in naval
supremacy. We need an extensive merchant marine
as well as a fleet of righting vessels. The war drags
along because of a lack of transports. In an attempt
to supply the deficiency the Government has been
compelled to grant American registry to a number
of foreign ships employed for transports, and it ap
pears that even the resort to that expedient has not
been sufficient to the needs of the war in the West
Indies.
Another feature of the problem is worth noting.
It is estimated that the people of the United States
pay annually $300,000,000 to foreign ship-owners for
carrying our commerce across the ocean. That sum
is about one-half what it will cost us to carry on the
war for a year. If we could save the money now
paid to foreign ships we would thereby largely make
up for the expense of the conflict with Spain. Two
advantages in war would result from the adoption of
a policy calculated to promote and expand our mer
chant marine: we' would be better provided for
transporting troops promptly wherever they were
needed and we would be better able financially to
support war. Even from a military view it will be
seen, therefore, that protection to American ship
building is a thing to be desired and demanded of
Congress at its next session.
Russia's attitude toward the Philippines is being
discussed. At this writing Russia ha 3 no business
to have an attitude toward them. She is understood
to have affairs of her own to attend to, anyhow.
There is not help for it. We will be Yankee pigs
so long as liquid Spanish, garlic flavored, shall charm
the ear, and urge the nose to exile.
If Spain is really anxious for peace there is a way
to obtain it.
SHUT THE DOORS ON COOLIES.
IT is to be regretted that the Pacific Coast Sena
tors, who were such earnest supporters of the an
nexation of Hawaii, and whose votes coined the
measure, had not sufticient influence to secure the
appointment of a Pacific Coast representative on the
commission which is to frame a government for the
islands. This coast, and especially California, has
a greater interest in what is done in Hawaii than all
the rest of the country.
It is true that the annexation resolution, which
cleared the constitution at one jump, says that there
shall be no more Chinese immigration to Hawaii, by
virtue of anything therein contained, which is a mere
shuffle and evasion, a pretense at prohibition which
prohibits nothing. The full objection of California
is to Asiatic coolies, whether Chinese, Japanese, Bur
mese or East Indians. The East India coolie has
been domesticated in the American tropics and proved
the same sort of pest as the Chinese here. So, grant
ing that the- doughy and deceptive phrase grafted out
of the treaty into the resolution does exclude Chi
nese coolies, it by no means excludes all Asiatic cool
ies and coolie wages. The interests of labor in Cal
ifornia require that the form of government framed
for Hawaii shall exclude all coolie labor and coolie
wages; that it shall put employes here and there on
an exact equality. This is a necessity for California.
Our laboring people here have felt keenly, and re
sented with spirit, the manufacture of uniforms for
the War Department by coolie labor. If labor is
touched in its dinner pail by the employment of a
hundred coolies in such competition, is it not far
more interested in the competition of 40,000 coolies
under our flag in Hawaii?
The overthrow of slavery in this country came
when it was understood by free white labor that black
slave labor competition was unfair to it, and when
the Northern employer felt himself handicapped by
the Southern slaveholder's chattel ownership of labor.
It presented unequal conditions for both labor and
capital under a government founded upon equality,
and the interests of all were found to require the
maintenance of equality. It was a profound im
pression of this necessity that made Lincoln declare:
"A house divided against itself cannot stand. The
republic must be all free or all slave."
The issue involved then was labor, nothing else.
In the annexation of Hawaii that issue is presented
again, as forcibly as to Lincoln and the men of his
generation. We cannot have one law and servile
labor for an Hawaiian planter and another law and
white labor at white wages for a California rancher,
both under the same flag. A house divided against
itself cannot stand now any more than in Lincoln's
time.
At least one of the Hawaiian commissioners should
have been from this coast. But we are ignored.
With one exception the Western Senarors helped an
nexation, when they could have beaten it, and labor
finds that they have committed its interests to an
old slaveholder from Alabama and two men from
Illinois! It is the old story. The West beats the
bush; the East and South get the game.
What means are left for protecting white labor
should be used at once. Our interests require that
all Asiatic coolies and blackbirds now in Hawaii be
immediately deported, and that our present labor
laws, the eight-hnur day and all be at once extended
to the islands. To this no reasonable objections can
be made. We live and thrive under these laws here
and thrift that cannot be under them has no right to
be at all.
GERMANY fIND THE PHILIPPINES.
DESPITE the official denials of any intention on
the part of Germany to interfere with the
United States in the Philippines, rumors of the
possibility of such interference continue. The fact
that nearly the whole German fleet in the Orient has
been assembled at Manila, avowedly to protect Ger
man interests there, tends to confirm the rumors.
Moreover, the speech of Embassador White at the
Fourth of July banquet at Leipsic inclines the same
way. Evidently our Embassador at the court of Ber
lin would not have made such an address if he did not
fear the possibility of some misconception on the part
of the German people and Government concerning
the position the United States has assumed and will
maintain with respect to foreign intervention.
An explanation of the apparent contradiction be
tween the facts of the situation and the official denial
of any intention to interfere has been recently given
by the Washington correspondent of the New York
Sun, which seems plausible. According to this state
ment the German Government will not object to the
assumption of complete control over the Philippines
by the United States, nor will it oppose the selection
and maintenance by this country of a coaling station
if it is not located at Manila. What appears to con
cern Germany most is an assumption by the United
States of the right to dispose of the islands to other
nations or to the insurgents, retaining only such terri
tory as the Washington Government may see fit.
It is believed that if the United States retains Manila
and a small portion of adjacent territory as a coaling
station Germany will find grounds for protest in the
fact that in holding Manila, the port having the bulk
of the Philippine trade, and not assuming control
over the rest of the island of Luzon and the group;
this country leaves the islands without a settled form
of government, thus leaving the way clear for con
tinual disturbances, which might result in interference
by the great powers and perhaps bring on a war in
volving most of Europe.
This explanation has at least the merit of accord
ing with all the known facts of the problem. It offers
a reason for the assembling of the German fleet at
Manila, and also of the German denial of any inten
tion of interfering so long as our fleet is there. If
the United States desires the islands Germany will
have nothing to say. If we abandon the islands, then
Germany will be prepared to act at once to protect
her interests.
The late British Consul to Havana seems to possess
some peculiar ideas. According to his notion af
fairs in that city are not particularly serious, but
he adds that hundreds are dying of starvation. Per
haps if the gentleman had missed a meal or two his
mind would be in a condition to calch the somber
aspect of events.
Volunteer troops of New York, Massachusetts and
Michigan have been building roads in Cuba. Such
work as this, it will be remembered, was too laborious
and unmilitary for the haughty Cubans. For this
reason many people think less of the Cubans than
they did.
"If we make peace now we deserve to b; shot in
the face," exclaims one excited editor in Madrid.
And if you don't make pea?e you are mighty likely
to get shot somewhere, probably, however, not in the
face.
Possibly the President desired that his Hawaiian
commissioners should go to the scene of their labors
unhampered by any knowledge of the situation.
Cervcra is receiving a more cordial welcome in this
country than he will ever get in his own.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDKESBAT, JTJLT 13, 1898.
BY the speed programme adopted by the Board
of Agriculture, for the coming State Fair at
Sacramento, promise is given of one of the
best racing meetings ever held in California. As
arranged the programme will probably be found more
satisfactory than any previous one, both to the people
generally and to horsemen, and will no doubt prove
one of the successes of the year.
The most noted innovation in the programme is
the adoption of the single dash system of racing in
stead of the old form of heats. On each day there
will be five events, one of which will be a mile and
repeat race, thus providing sport lively enough to
satisfy the most exacting seeker after excitement and
sparing the public the tedious waits between heats.
The new system will also be of advantage to racing
men, as horses can be raced under it every day with
out suffering the ill effects of overwork. Another
advantage will be gained by holding the running and
trotting contests on alternate days, thus keeping
both classes of horses at the fair until the meeting is
over.
The excellence of the Epeed programme adopted
gives promise of an equal excellence In all other ar
rangements to be made for the fair. This promise
there is reason to believe will be fulfilled in every
respect. The conditions of the year prompt to the
holding of a great exhibit of our agricultural re
sources. The drought of the winter and spring and
the hot northers that came with the early summer
have given rise to reports that our rural production
this season will be extremely small. These reports
have been more or less injurious to the State, and
every effort will be made by enterprising men to
show at the State Fair that a drought cannot dry
up all California, nor a hot wind blast all her crops.
The very adverseness of the season will rouse us
to make a State Fair better and finer than any other
of the season in the Union.
The present Board of Agriculture !s composed of
men whose interest in the welfare of our rural in
dustries is undoubted, and from their management
much good may be expected. Th«re should be a
thorough co-operation among all the counties of
every part of the State to make the fair an excep
tionally comprehensive one. We shnll soon be called
upon to prepare our exhibits for the world's great
exposition at Pari?, and this is a good year to have a
full dress, rehearsal of the State display at Sacra
mento.
THE SAN JOSE HIGH SCHOOL.
rOR the time being the San Jose High School
occupies in our educational system a position
more conspicuous than that ot any other insti
tution. It has become the storm center around
which rages the fight of honorable educators and
good citizens against the boss rule of politicians who
seek to make our schools a part of the spoils of poli
tics, and to use the positions and salaries of teachers
as rewards for the henchmen who do tlieir service.
The San Jose gang, desiring to give place and sal
ary to some anonymunculus of their stripe recently
dismissed from the High School its most eminent
and one of its most esteemed professors. The rea
sons assigned by the gang for dismissing him are
peculiar. It was alleged first that he Is a traitor, in
asmuch as he once said that President Grant should
have settled the Cuban question at the time of the
Virginias affair; and, second, that he lacks religion,
being, according to the gang, "an infidel." These
charges w'cre abundantly refuted by the pupils of his
school who heard his lectures. The gang then
abandoned al4 attempts at justifying their course and
fell back upon the old question, "What are you going
to do about it?"
The students of the High School, their parents
and all the host of citizens who believe that our
school system should be freed from the corrupting
domination of political bosses have undertaken to
do a good deal about it. The students will not at
tend the High School under the anonymunculus who,
from his very acceptance of Professor Smith's place,
can be nothing more in San Jose than a servile crea
ture of the gang, no matter what he may have been
elsewhere. The parents support tfte students and
all the advocates of a pure school system support
the parents.
The gang has possession of the school, the salary
and the creature they have chosen to degrade the
one and draw the other. The friends of the school
system have on their side the student body, public
opinion and justice. The fight is on, and through
out the State the attention of all persons who are
interested in our public schools is directed to the
conflict.
It is a bitter contest now, and the prospects are
it will be fought to the end without compromise. If
it should so result, then the San Jose High School
will in a short time be ranked either as one of the
educational institutions of which California has most
ripht to be proud — as a school in which the purity
of education is unstained by the corruption of low
politics — or as a feeding place for the gang, and not
more respectable than any other place where the
bosses resort and henchmen get their pay.
T~N EPORTS from Washington are to the effect
[— J that subscriptions to the $200,000,000 bond is
* sue, which will close on Thursday, have been
received in such numbers and are coming in with
such rapidity that it is now evident the amount asked
will be subscribed several times over.
This will necessitate a discrimination in issuing the
bonds, and in accordance with the plan announced
the smaller bidders will be preferred over those who
subscribed for larger amounts. It is expected that
when the allotment is made the bonds will be dis
tributed among upward of 200,000 persons, thus mak
ing the average subscription about $1000.
This report is in the highest degree gratifying.
The subscription to the loan made by such a con
siderable number of citizens not only attests the wide
spread patriotism of the people, but shows that a
general prosperity prevails in the country. It is no
slight evidence of good times to find that more than
200,000 people have money on hand which they are
able to lend at so low a rate of interest as that of
fered for the war loan. It is also pleasing that the
loan is in this way to be taken throughout the Union
and that the annual interest upon it will be paid in
all sections, and not to holders in the great money
centers only.
The success of the popular loan will impress the
financiers of Europe as forcibly as the victories at
Manila and Santiago have impressed their naval
authorities. It is another demonstration o: the vast
strength of the United States and of the ability of
our people to maintain any war that may come
upon us.
Clearly, we have the right to sing the jingo chorus,
"We have the ships, we have the men and we have
the money, too," and in our singing there is no vain
boasting. The fact will be recorded in the digni
fied prose of the historian, as emphatically as in the
song itself. The nation is all right. Uncle Sam
has money enough to meet every emergency of peace
or war.
THE STOTE FAIR.
TOKEN BY THE PEOPLE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
S. T. Moore of Qilroy Is stopping at the
Lick.
Charles Jacobs of Colony Hall is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. Rowell of Fresno Is stopping at
the Grand.
Frank A. Miller of Riverside Is at the
Palace.
Thomas E. Johnson of San Jose Is at
the Lick.
David Starr Jordan is registered at the
Occidental.
Captain TV. M. Gray of Merced Is stay-
Ing at the Grand.
William Mullaney of Sacramento is stop
ping at the Grand.
D. C. Davis and P. A. Cahill of Guate
mala are registered at the Palace.
F. Garcia and Albert Orlve of Guate
mala are stopping at the Palace.
John W. Mitchell, a prominent politi
cian of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
The Vanderbilt
office on Mont
gomery street
has become a
quasi clubroom,
where the rail
road men congre
gate to pass
$ HOW ANDREWS g
» FOUND »
B HIS BED. P_
away the heavy hours when business is
slack or the accounts of the clay rounded
up. W. J. Andrews, the Pacific Coast
agent for a number of large carriage fac
tories, dropped in the other day and was
immediately elected a member of the
club. The initiatory rites were dispensed
with, and Mr. Andrews was let down for
a round of cocktails. It was then incum
bent upon him to tell a story which would
reflect upon his own dignity and show to
his fellows that he was of the earth and
mortal. This is the way It went: "I
have just returned from San Jose, gen
tlemen, and there went through a trying
experience. Many years ago I was a
resident in that most beautiful city of
flowers and pure politics, and I left it
just as the population began to move out
ward and inhabit the suburbs. Of course,
since that time the city has grown. Well,
in my present visit I found some old ac
quaintances, and they showed me several
new places with mirrors and beautiful
electric lights, such as the old town did
not boast of. I forgot just how many
such gilded and handsome establishments
I was introduced to, but when the hour
for retiring came I did not exactly re
member the location of my hotel. My
friends said good night and left me. There
I was in a large and comparatively
strange city, with a bed waiting for me,
and I could not recollect its place upon
the map. I wandered and wandered, and
after several hours of fruitless tramping
—I reached Santa Clara, as I afterward
discovered— l heard a great noise as of a
fire engine and other such vehicles, rush
ing to a fire. I shouted, 'Where's the
fire?' and the answer came back, 'Second
and Fernando.'
" 'I'm saved,' I cried; 'that's where I
live,' and I chased that engine clean Into
San Jose. I found my bed."
Mrs. Frank McLaughlln and Miss Agnes
McLaughlln have returned from Santa
Cruz.
J. B. Hays of Salvador and E. do la
Torre of Milano are staying at the Occi
dental.
J. C. Steele, a capitalist, residing at
Pescadero, is registered at the Russ
House.
W. F. Price, Deputy Collector of Rev
enue, arrived from Santa Rosa last night
and is staying at the Russ.
Mrs. W. F. Swan ton, "wife of William F.
Swanton, the superintendent of the elec
trical railroad at Santa Cruz, is staying
at the Palace.
George M. Reed, a coffee planter; Louis
B. Monzon and H. E. Sayers, of Guate
mala, arrived in this city yesterday and
are stopping at the Occidental.
Dr. W. P. Matthews, State Librarian,
and Dr. C. A. Ruggles of Stockton arrived
in this city last evening to attend the
meeting of the State Board of Health.
« a
$ WHO TOOK g
« THE O
B WHISKY? O
Soldiers, when
engaged in the
pleasing occupa
tion of taking in
the town, are not
always plaster
O.SSOSSSSSS salnts> Even the
American boy in
blue, well behaved as he usually Is. some
times lapses from the strict path of recti
tude, as many a saloon-keeper can testify.
When a whole company of men fllo into
a saloon and absorb an unlimited quantity
of steam beer, it is not always easy to
ascertain who Is responsible for the finan
cial end of the transaction, and soldiers
have such an aggravating 1 way of sticking
together that the bartender finds It
dangerous to vent his wrath on any one
individual. True, he can ring for the po
lice patrol,-but this course does not help
him much, as a saloon-keeper on Sutter
street found out last night.
The place, which is noted for the ex
cellent quality of ita beer and the liber
ality with which sausage and sauerkraut
are dispensed to all comers, is kept by an
irascible little German. Mine host's face
simply beamed when a large party of
soldiers marched into his saloon and
lined up with military precision at the
bar. But ten minutes later there was no
German swear word huge enough to ex
press his indignation, as he tried to ex
plain matters to a couple of policemen
who had answered his hurried call.
"Dey comes into my bar," he said, "mit
em little fellow at the head. And he says,
'Halt, boys,' and they halted. 'Eyes front,
face de bar. name your liquors.' I vas
much pleased, and says, 'Gentlemens, vat
vill you hafs?'
"Mem Gott! Some dey takes beers and
some viskey. I puts down der viskey bot
tle, so dat dey may helps demselves, and
it vas a voll bottle, too. Den another
man says, sudden like, 'I guess I'll take
claret.' I turns round to get der claret,
and yen I comes back mit It, lleber Gott,
der vas no viskey!"
Here was a problem for the perplexed
officers of the law to solve. The whisky
had vanished from sight as mysteriously
as your watch does when you lend It to
a conjuror. It was vain to inquire who
took the whisky. The soldiers would not
and the saloon-keeper could not point out
the man. The bottle was gone, and that
was all about it. As it was obviously im
possible to arrest the whole company, the
policemen gave up the job and adjudicat
ed on the bill for liquors actually con
sumed. When this had been settled the
soldiers left, byt as soon as the officers'
backs were turned they lined up on tha
sidewalk, gave three cheers for the
saloon-keeper, and drank his health in his
own booze.
■ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, July 12.— T. J. Stack of
San Francisco is at the Normandie. Col
onel Phllo Hersey, President and Manager
of the Santa Clara County Fruit Ex
change, has returned from a trip to the
Eastern markets, and expects to leave
for home to-morrow, stopping at impor
tant points between here and the coast
en route.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHARLEY ROSS— S., City. Charley
Ross was kidnaped in one of the streets
of Germantown, Pa., July 1, 187 L
TWO DATES— Subscriber, City. The
16th of July, 1868, fell on a Thursday, and
the 26th of the same month on a Sunday.
THE SULTANA-Soldier, City. The
steamer Sultana exploded on the Mis
sissippi River April 28, 1865. She had 2106
persons on board. Of this number 1320,
mostly returning Union soldiers, lost
their lives.
FRENCH BELL METAL— W., Oak
land, CaL What la known as French bell
metal is made of copper fifty-five to sixty
parts, tin thirty to forty parts and zinc
ten to fifteen parts.
THE WALLA WALLA— E. H. P., City.
The steamer Walla Walla of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company made her first
trip from San Francisco, as a passenger
steamer, on the 16th of November, ISm.
SOLDIER'S CLOTHING— R. H.. Berke
ley, Cal. For information about work on
soldier's clothing apply at the Quarter
master's Department, United States
army, this city, New Montgomery street,
near Mission.
BONDS— C. A. M., Alameda, Cal. Gas,
water, railroad and other bonds are is
sued with coupons attached, but not all
classes of bonds are registered. Such
bonds can be delivered from one party to
another without being registered, as are
United States coupon bonds.
FLAGSHIP BURFORD— F. W., Be
renda, Cal. For information as to why
the name Burford was given to the flag
ship of Admiral Vernon of the Royal
Navy in 1740 you will have to write to the
Naval Department, Whitehall, London.
REV. FATHER DOHERTT— G. H. D.,
City. The Rev. Father F. B. Doherty,
who recently left on the Newport with
General Merritt for Manila, is not the
Father Doherty who was in the field dur
ing the Civil War. He is a native of Bos
ton, Mass., about 36 years of age.
FOUR-MILE RACE— Subscriber, City.
The four-mile race between Thad Stev
ens, True Blue and Joe Daniels for $20,000
was run over the Ocean View track, No
vember 15, 1573. The time was: First
heat, won by Joe Daniels, 7:45; second, by
True Blue, 8:08; third, by Thad Stevens,
7:57, and the fourth by Thad Stevens,
5:20%.
TO THE TURQUOISE MINES— A. W.
8., Dixon, Cal. A person wishing to go
to the turquoise mines which were re
cently described in The Call, can go by
rail as far as Manvel, and from there by
light wagon if desired. From Manvel feed
for the horses must be carried, and water
must be taken on at a point twelve miles
from the mines. The best time to make
tho trip is in the fall or spring.
THE OKDERED AWAY.
At the end of each street a banner we
meet:
The people all march In a mass;
But quickly aside they step back with
pride
To let the brave companies pass.
The streets are well filled, but the laugh
ter is still'd;
The crowd is all going one way;
Their cheeks are bleached white, still
they smile with delight,
While lifting their hats to the Ordered
Away.
They smile while a dart deeply pierces i
each heart,
But each eye flashes back Its war
glance
As they watch the trim file march up ;
with a smile
'Neath their flag with their musket and
lance.
The cannon's loud roar Is heard on the
shore,
But the people are quiet to-day.
As, startled, they see how fearless and
free . #
March the soldiers— the Ordered Away.
Not a quiver or gleam of fear can be seen,
Tho' they go to meet death in disguise;
For the hot air is filled with poison dis
tilled
'Neath the rays of Manila's fair skies.
Hurk! the bugle and fife awake to new
life
The soldiers who "can't get away,"
And wish as they wave- their hats to the
brave
That they were the — Ordered Away.
As our parting grows near let us drive
back the tear —
Let our smiles shine as bright as of
yore;
Let us stand with the mass — salute as
they pass.
And weep when we see them no more.
Let no tear drop bedim the sunlight of
our eye.
Or sigh fall from lips this brave day,
While waving: a. hand to the brave little
band —
"Good-by" to the — Ordered Away.
Let them go In God's name in the search
for their fame —
Face death, where th© fierce cannons
roar;
Let them honor and save the land of the
brave ;
Plant freedom's bright flag on the
shore:
Let them go while we weep and lone
vigils keep.
We will bless them and fervently pray
To the God whom we trust for our cause
which is just.
And our loved ones— the Ordered Away.
When fierce battles rage we will rise up
each morn,
Teach our young sons the saber to
wield;
Should their brave fathers die we will
arm thorn to fly
And fill up the gap in the field.
Then, fathers and brothers, fond hus
bands and lovers,
March! march bravely on. We will stay
Alone in our sorrow to pray on each
morrow , .
For our loved ones— the Ordered Away.
—MRS. R. JACOBUS.
WORK OF THE NAVAL AUXIL
IARY BOARD.
The naval auxiliary board was dissolved
on June 30, Its officers detailed to other
duties and no more vessels are likely to
be purchased for the use of the navy.
This board was appointed at the outbreak
of the present war and to it was intrusted
the responsibility of the purchase or
charter of merchant vessels to be used
as auxiliary naval vessels. The few ex
ceptional cases savoring of sharp prac
tice, unpreventable in emergencies such
as existed three months ago, were not
with the approval of the auxiliary board,
and the matter will probably be ventilat
ed when Congress is furnished with the
itemized expenditures incurred in behalf
of the navy. Since April 8 eighty-nine
merchant vessels, embracing thirty-two
steamships and yachts, thirty-two colliers
and special service vessels andtwenty-nvo
tugs, have been purchased, and the four
large steamers of the American Steam
ship line, namely the St. Louis, St. Paul,
Paris and New York, have been char
tered, making a total auxiliary fleet of
ninety-three steam vessels of all descrip
tions. The cost of this fleet can only be
approximated, but will probably not ex
ceed $12,000,000, In which, however, the
enormous charter money, which aggre
gates $20,000 a day for the four liners, is
not included.
To officer and man this fleet the regu
lar force of the navy personnel was en
tirely inadequate, and 693 volunteer offi
cers of all grades have been appointed
up to July 1. Of these 348 are lieutenants,
junior lieutenants and ensigns, forty-eight
assistant surgeons, thirty-eight assistant
paymasters, 225 in the engineer corps and
thirty-four in other grades.
The withdrawal from shore duty of so
many officers of the line and staff to duty
at sea has necessitated the temporary
assignment of IS2 officers from the retired
list and the complement of the fifteen
revenue cutters, four lighthouse tenders
and two Fish Commission vessels. The
total number of officers of all grades in
the regular navy, volunteers and revenue
marine available for sea duty is about
2230, of which a little more than one
half are actually at sea in 168 vessels.
As compared with the navy material
and personnel of 1861 and 1865, the present
Is insignificant as to number of ships and
officers, but the efficiency of the ships la
far greater now, and the personnel com
pares favorably with that of thirty odd
years ago. The regular navy in IS6I, im
mediately after the capture of the Nor
folk navy yard, was reduced to seventy
nine vessels, of which only thirty sailing
ships and twenty-five steamers were ser
viceable. During the following four years
this number was augmented by 178 yes-
Bels-of-war, built in the navy and private
yards at a cost of $64,000,000, and 439 mer
chant vessels were purchased at an ag
gregate cost of $19,674,000, besides fifty
eight prize vessels. In 1865 there were
687 vessels on the navy list; three yeara
later the number had dwindled down to
232, and the reduction continued until
1887, since which time the navy has in
creased in number as well as In efficiency.
The personnel of the navy was in simi
lar bad condition. On January 1, 18*51,
there were 1271 sea-soing officers of all
grades, but resignations and dismissals to
the number of 380 left the navy list in a
crippled condition. To make it still more
embarrassing many of the officers who
remained were found unfit for active ser
vice, and t1.2 large numbers of volunteer
officers which offered their services were
gladly accepted. There is no official in
formation as to the number of volunteer
officers which entered the navy; the Navy
Department, in its report of 1866, gives It
at "about 7500 of these gallant and gen
erous spirits/ and a carefully compiled
resume of those who were discharged, re
signed, died, etc., makes the total rather
more. The largest number of volunteers
were on the Register January 1, 1865, and
numbered 1989 of the line, 2424 staff and &47
warrant officers. The following table
shows what became of these 5260 officers,
and how the members of the several
corps severed their connection with tho
navy:
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS LN THE NAVY,
1851-74.
Left the servica by: I Line.
War- !
rant. ;
85
76
1.540
4,130
;°slsT.ations
lonurably dischaj-p-^i
lustere*! out and dis-
charged
.ppointments revoked
1.071
2,202
734
1,873
153
374
263
74
252
165
1
28
17
22S
654
443
nsmißsed
Mshonorably dis-
charged
>ropped
deserted
Ueci
Ilsslng
6
1
60
223
1
1
28
149
3
161
6
I
S9
375
1
Total
4.3J3
3.255
7,769
Only S2 volunteer officers are recorded
as having been k—ed in battle, died from
wounds, accidentally killed or drowned,
leaving 293 deaths to natural causes not
Incident to the service. It appears that
1106, or one-seventh of the total number,
were found unsuited or undesirable and
disposed of, and that 89, or one out of
every 'JO, took "French leave." But the
record is as a whole every creditable to a
lot of men drawn from the merchant ser
vice without any but hazy ideas of naval
discipline and military duty. ' Quite a
number were absorbed by the regular
navy, such as nearly all the ex-navy offi
cers who had volunteered. Three hun
dred and seven volunteers entered the
several corps in the regular army, namely
83 in the line, 133 in the staff corps and 41
as warrant officers. At the conclusion of
the present war the chances of volunteers
becoming regular officers are but slight,
and will be confined almost entirely to the
medical and pay corps.
WARS CANNOT BE LOCALIZED.
Every suggestion of the acquisition by
the United States of any bit of territory
distant from our present possessions al
ways excites the narrow-minded believ
ers' in a Little America at home and tha
jealous preachers of a Little America
abroad to declare that any such expan
sion would be equivalent to a declaration
on our part that we were going hence
forth to meddle in all the difficulties of
other powers and depart from our tradi
tional policy of being free frum entangl
ing alliances. A coaling station at the
Canaries, they think, would never give U3
a moment's peace, for b.>tV:< ing about
what was going on in Afrits, and the
possession of the Philippines would draw
us into every squabble over the spoils of
China. Why would it? Squabbles of a
most annoying kind have been going on
in Cuba for half a century, but in all that
time with the most extreme forbearanco
we refrained from interference. Mexico
and Central America have had revolu
tions without number, but we have been
less inclined to take a hand than some of
the nations whose holdings were far more
remote.
It is not neighborhood, but disposition,
that makes for quarrels, and the United
States has never shown a quarrelsome
disposition toward the rest of the world,
even though its frankness may at times
have been unsettling to European nerves.
The Americans are essentially a peaceful
people, 1 little inclined to join in other
countries' battles, and as far as possible
removed from all tendency to become a
militant power. — Xew York Tribune.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'B.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
It is claimed that at present the Eng
lish language Is spoken by 115,000,000 peo
ple.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery at.,
S. F., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
TO PORTLAND, OREGON, 48 hours. First
cabin, ill; second-class, JS, Including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia, 2000 tons.
July in. is, 2fi. August S. Steamship State of
California, 1500 tons. July 14, 22, 30, August 7.
Pail from Folsom-street pier No. 12. JO a. m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific cnast. A cool and delightful summer
trip; exhilarating sea air. The publlo Is wel
come and invited to visit these ships while la
port. Office 630 Market street.
Mast causes induce irray hair, but Pakkxb'S
Hair Baisam brings back the youthful color.
Parker 's Ginokb Tamcemtm inward pains.
The Swiss canton of Berne will proba
bly adopt an official system of insurance
for the 276.409 head of cattle In the can
ton. The maximum value of a cow is es
timated at $160.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal Baking
Powder is
made of pure
crystal cream
of tartar, and
its superior
wholesomeness
and strength
are beyond
all question.
The most
economical
to use.CALIFORNIA AND MONTANA
VOLUNTEERS FOR MANILA
VOLUNTEERS of the Seventh
California and First Montana
were made happy yesterday by
the assurance that they would
be embarked for Manila with the
second half of the fourth expe
dition. The men of the Fifty-first
lowa are anxious to receive orders of
a similar purport. The dispatches con
cerning peace negotiations have caused
many of the volunteers to believe that
the Government will not send all the
tri "ii'S of the Eighth Army Corps now
titrated in this city to the Philip
pines hence there is an earnest desire
among regimental organizations to be
on the sailing list^
The regulars of the Fourth Cavalry,
Sixth I Fourteenth Infan
try will not break camp to-day as ex
• no orders to strike
! tip to a late
hour : t The troops expert to
march to the ships to-morrow and sail
the f r on Saturday. The
.is will constitute the first half
of th.- fourth expedition.
Governor Budd has decided to take
no del • • ps ti ward reorganizing
National Guard of California until
he receives positive intelligence that
• McKinley will not call upon
this State for additional volunteers.
■ is firm in his purpose
that the volunteers now in the United
• vice shall not be deprived of
any of th< ir rights as National Guards
a of their service at the
front. In no event will the guard be
usted to exclude the volunteers
: S of membership.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Company C, Captain Barnes,
Goes to Elmhurst Instead of
Doing the Regular Drill.
'■AMI 1 :\\RRKTT. Pather Station. July
in- men of the Kighth Regiment feel
ly the strict discipline Inaugurated
el Henshaw, ainl grumble some-
HARBOR MINES TO COME UP.
Order for Their Removal as There Is No Longer
Any Fear of a Spanish Attack.
Inea that were placed in the principal harbors of the T'nited States
:ir:g out of 3 with Spain are to bo removed at
h to the relief <>f ocean navigators and local Bteamboat and tug
T: '- 9 Issued yesterday bj General J. M. Wilson, chief of the
Engineers at AY . and it was received In San Fran
n. General Wilson, however, states that his action in
moving these mines will be governed by the recommendations of the local
• rpe of the harbor.
bco harbor was thoroughly mined under the personal su-
A'illiam IT the Corps of Engineers. In chargo
Th».- network of mines covers an area embraced within
drawn from Sausalito to a green buoy south of Belvedere and Angel
to Shag R.ick, thence to Point Cavallo. Since the completion
weeks ago great care has been taken by the masters of
: ■ ' harbor, the instructions being closely followed.
■ mines will not be removed by explosion, as some people may
• • current will \>c disconnected and then they will be
' ' said ( ■ .-1 Charles R. Suter, division engi
rt last evening. "They are very expensive, and it
' Bte of n cplode them. These mines can be
: ir many years. They were brought here from the East about six years
"] suppose the order for the removal of the harbor mines has been
• by the navigators in the F.astern harbors, where the great
- to be exercised by the large number of vessels coming and
- Now that :' rds have but a remnant of a navy no danger
I by the coast cities.
removal of the San Francisco harbor mines, the department
>\ Merrlam, will, of course, be consulted by Major
Heuer, who will probably rerr-jv.' his Instructions when t.. act in the matter.
T!..' mines will probably be taker, up within the next few days."
what because so few are allowed outside
lines. The m'-n are a fine
ever, and realize that it is all meant for
their own 10..,1. Visitors are allowed
In the lines only from 3 to 4 o'clock In
. and only ten pas — i are
granted each company in twenty-four
-. while th -■ .1 fi im -
are given the preference In securing
As then men in the com
once in ten clays that a
mem . The band
and < Companies F of O kland and <; of
■ la the worst, as the mem
- ■ Dear.
The detail for guard duty this ev<
f Cap iC E. Haven of Com
f the d :y; LJeut<
H. \V. Emerson of Company C, officer of
nt Farnell Foote of \
■ r offl« er of the guard.
nteen Bentry ;
• . ■ - ' • retofore, but en
.- 3hown this to be insufficient in
k< • ping the men In camp or ih>- visitors
ally at night, and it has been
! to uouble the number beginning
■ ning. IN nee thp guard
mount at that time will have 120 men par- ,
this morning.
B • Ids, M.D., has pre-
I his resignation as Burgeon of the
R( _ ::!;■ ; I . and la buslj • •
ready to take the tirst brans
port : r Manila, where he will probably i
I at t:..- head of the operating de
.nt in Manila. It is believed In
that First Assistant Sure;. -on F. W.
v will be selected to f:!l the vacancy
ted. Who will get the vacancy
• known here.
First Lieutenant John R. Tyrrell. Com
pany I of Grass Valley, joined his com
■ to-day. He was detained at home
when the company was mustered Into
■••. but is dow all smiles over the
arrival of a fine boy baby, who he says
will be another Dewey. He is kept
receiving the congratulations of his men
as be is a popular offic >r.
Captain W. S. Barnes will take Com
pany C out to Elmhurst for a march in
the morning, in place of the regular com
pany drill. They expect to bring back a
live eagle a? a trophy and mascot. Other
commands are planning for long marches
inty road. This will give the
- an opportunity to see the army
and to do a good turn by providing coffee
iches.
Plans are afoot to present the regiment
with ;< stand of colors by the citizens of
Oakland nexi Saturday afternoon. The
v.i-v.r. depends entirely upon
the manufacturer getting everything In
readiness In time. The time, place and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lf?lP*i^%*. * W 'H guarantee
J&SgiPiiffi^tSl that m y Rheumatism
/||P^CsS|sV ( 1:r " will relieve lum-
jti£f tiazo. priatice and all
JM >K§3 rheumatic pains iD
%a gg&r't&g&& wo or three hours,
Vr «5<F hi^Jsy an<^ cure Q a few
\^>~QiM munyon.
«^ Alt ell druggists,
•^^teePPSst?^ 25< v a TiaJ - Guide
KM^nS^l&M to Health and medi-
-'j I, v* cal advice free.
' 1508 Arch Kt.. Phila.
speaker have not yet been selected, but
will be announced later.
The full regimental requisition for
clothing and equipage has been completed
and turned into the Quartermaster's De
partment In San Francisco. As soon as
it Is tilled the regiment will be ready to
go anywhere. The requisition for ord
nance was made several days ago and the
supplies are expected shortly.
Leader Gomez of the band has secured
J. J. Cardoza of San Leandro to play the
E flat clarionet. This gives him twenty
oi\e men ont of twenty-three needed "to
complete the full complement of the
FOURTEENTH REGULARS.
Five Companies Largely Re
cruited From the Best Young
Men of California.
■When the five companies of the Four
teentb United States Infantry, which loft
this city with the first expedition for
Manila, sailed away, a remnant of Com
pany G, under command of Major Robe,
remained here for the purpose of re
cruiting the regiment up to its required
strength. This has been done with the
gr< atest success, and the five companies
that will march from Camp Merrttt to
day or to-morrow represent as fine a
body of men as are to be found in the
service. In less than two months these
companies have been recruited, equipped
and drilled until they are so nearly per
■ as soldiers that none but the expert
em ed eye can tell them from the regu
lars. This fact is a source of great sat
isfaction and pride to the people of Cali
l and San Francisco In particular,
for these companies have been largely
recruited from the students of Berkeley
and Stanford universities, while by nb
means a few of them are San Francisco
boys. Some of the best young- men of the
city, representatives of the highest cir
cles of Boclety, wear the blue as privates
in the Fourteenth.
The officers <>f the companies are loud
in the praise both of the efficiency and
ict of the men, and it has been com
mented upon at Camp Merritt that the
camp of the Fourteenth Infantry haa
be< n one of the most orderly and best
conducted "f all the troops. The privates
uf this command have shown a willing
nesa t" ':• irn, and so faithfullly have they
■■■' under their efficient drill mas
ters that it is an acknowledged fact that
they are superior In their drill to any
other body of men that have been In the
service the same length of time. Right
here a very pertinent remark mad" by
one of the officers may be quoted, which
will explain thw- happy state of i
existing in the companies: "We allow the
men every Hberty, but when they are
drilling 1 it means business and that fact
Is bo Impressed upon their minds that
they cannot forget it. Then, too,
an- commanded by men who have been
eduoatci to be army officers."
CAMP MERRITT TROOPS.
Death of a Young Volunteer
From Tennessee— A Funeral
in 31st lowa Regiment.
Private Charles Gambrill, Company A.
First Tennessee Regiment, died yesterday
at the Marine Hospital of meningitis. His
remains were sent last night to his
parents at Lebanon, Term. The young
soldier's father is a prominent railroad
man in the East, and when his son en
listed he tried to persuade him to leave
t >i»- regiment. He declared when the
regiment left that no ne%-er expected to
Bee his son aga.ri, and gave directions as
to where his remains should be sent, and
he was firmly convinced that the young
Boldier would never return to his home.
The funeral of Private Ritter, Company
M, Fifty-firßt lowa Regiment, took place
from the French Hospital yesterday
afternoon. The remains were escorted to
their last resting place by the Second
Battalion of the regiment, under the com
mand of Major Hume, chaplain Williams
read the Bervice over the soldier's grave.
Private Mlllard Auxi.-r, First Nebraska
Recruits, was tak-n to the French Hos
pital. He Is very ill with pneumonia.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Orders From Major General
Otis Transferring Command
of Troops.
The following order was issued yester
day from Major General Otis' head
quarters. Besides confirming The Call's
statement that the second half of the
fourth expedition would sail on or about
the 25th lnst., the order also indicates to
some extent the directions given to
Brigadier General M. P. Miller for his
guidance in camp affairs after Major
General Otis shall have gone:
Headquarters Eighth Army Corps.
Genera. Or^\f^ SCIBCO - July «■ 189S
Brigadier General M. P. Miller, U. S. V will
assume command of all tro 3 at Camp Mer
ritt and the Presidio. Including the so-called
expeditionary forces. The present dlv'-i ,n
designation will be continued but the duties
of the command will be confined to matte"
arising within the various organizations of
which It is composed. Upon the departure o.
the troops to embark upon the next flotilla
for the Philippines those remaining will be
rebrigaded and constitute at least two bri
gades under division formation, that all que-»
tions arising within tha command may he
properly administered. *
The following named officers are relieved
from duty at Camp Merritt and will report at
these headquarters for instructions:
Major John S. Mallory, Inspector general
United States Volunteers; Captain Charles Mc-
Clure. Judge advocate.
The following named officers will stand re
lieved from duty at Camp Merritt on the 21st
Inst. and will accompany the troops to sail on
ve«!«el on or shortly after that date for the"
Philippines, reporting to commanding general
en route, viz. :
Capt. Samuel W. Bel ford, assistant adjutant
general. United 6tate9 Volunteers; Captain C
A. Devol, assistant quartermaster, T'nltr<j
States Army; Captain Charles C. Wolcutt
assistant quartermaster, United States Volun
teers. By command
MAJOR GKXERAL, OTIS
THOMAS H. BARRY. Assistant Adjutant
General. ,
The following order was Issued late yes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
DUNGAN'S "COLD FEET."
Eight Men of Woodland Who Stood True to Their Country
Tell the Inside Story of the Recent Mutiny.
CAMP BARRETT, July 12, 1898.
Editor Call: Having been quiet for a week while all kinds of opinions have been published about us, we
wish to speak through your paper to the Woodland Company, that came here, contracted "cold feet" and re
turned. There are eight of us not tied up to any individual, but who came here in good faith, intending to
follow our flag and do our duty wherever we might be ordered. The secret of the trouble in the "Woodland
Company has not yet been told. It was born and bred by Private Dungan, editor of the "Woodland Mail. In
the first place, we do not believe (and this idea of ours seems to have been proved) that Mr. Dungan ever in
tended to go farther away from his home than the bay. We believe it was his idea to have a nice summer
outing during which he could do a little politics at the expense of the State, and when he saw that there was
danger of our regiment being ordered to Manila, or to Cuba, he was forced to get up some scheme to let him
self down easily. He did it by creating trouble as soon as it was known there was to be a change of cap
tains. Before, he left Woodland he published in his little paper a very pathetic farewell, In which he referred
to the call of duty and to his determination to follow the flag. It now appears that he was merely deter
mined to follow some particular captain so long as he was captain. It is our belief that if Private Dungan
had been substituted for the Woodland captain there would have been no kick. Since returning to Woodland
many of the boys whom he misled and induced to disgrace themselves have telegraphed to Lieutenant George
Peart to see if they could not get back, but they have received no encouragement. The Honorable Governor
Budd can give Mr. Dungan of the Mail the credit for breaking up the company and for being the mouthpiece
of the whole business
Not content with being a subject of "cold feet" himself, he referred to us who remained as "the
scabby eight." We do not believe that the people of California regard us in any such light. Since he left
camp with his pets, the eyes of the boys have been opened and everybody considers it better that Private
Dungan created his little rebellion here in Fruitvale than at some critical time when the necessity for a change
of captain might have been rendered absolute by circumstances which neither Governor Budd nor any other
human being could control. If the Woodland boys and their would-be toy soldier editor were to visit Camp
Barrett again, they would pro-bably be tossed in a blanket and not let down so easy as they would like.
JOE RAZZANA, W. J. BRISCOE,
GEO. W. ALDRICH, DANIEL A. MANNING,
A- E. HOLT. FRANK C. HORN,
D. G. FANNING. JOHN SCHENAKER,
terday by Brigadier General Marcus P.
Miller, assuming command of all the
troops at Camp Merritt and the Presidio:
Headquarters inriTendem rnvtston. Eighth
Army Corps. Camp Merritt.
SAX PRAJSCISCO, July 12, IS9S.
General Orders No. I.
Pursuant to General Orders Xo. 16. Headquar
ters Independent Division. Eighth Army Corp»,
dated San Francisco. Cal.. July 11, IS9S. the
undersigned hereby assumes command of all
the troops at Camp Merritt and the Presidio,
comprismg the Fo-oalled expeditionary forces.
The duty of this command devolving on
Rrtgadier General Miller will be confined to
matters arising within its various organiza
tions as now composed.
After the departure of the troops to em
bark on the next flotilla for the Philippines,
the remaining troops will be rebrigaded under
at least two brigades under division formation
for administration purposes.
Brigadier General Miller's headquarters un
til further notice will remain at the present
headquarters of the First Brigade of the In
dependent Division, the command of which
lirigadter General Miller will retain till the
troops are rebrigaded.
M. P. MII/LKR.
Brigadier General, United States Volunteers,
Commanding.
CHARLES G. WOODWARD, Aid-de-camp.
TO ESCORT NEW YORKERS.
Captain Putnam B. Strong Will
Meet the Volunteers From
the Empire State.
Captain Putnnm Bradiee Strong, as
sistant adjutant general of the First Brig
ade on the staff of Brigadier General
Marcus P. Miller, was yesterday relieved
from duty wiih the First Brigade and or-
I to report to Major General E. S.
Otis for duty, and to accompany him to
the Philippine Islands. General Miller ex
pressed regret at losing the services of
Captain Strong, for he has made a most
efficient and capable officer as assistant
adjutant general. Later in the day Cap
tain Strong was detailed by General Mil
ler to meet the First New York Regiment
at the ferry this morning, and escort the
command to Camp Merritt. His selection
| as an escort to the New York Regiment
w .- a compliment paid him by General
Mill- r, as the captain is a native of New
York, and numbers Colonel Harbee and
many officers of the First New York
among his personal friends.
Lieutenant Charles B. Munton, Twenty
third Infantry, has been detailed by Ma
jor <; lale to accompany the recruits in
tend.-d for the First and Second battal
ions of that regiment to the Philippines.
NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS.
The First Regiment Will Prob
ably Reach Oakland Mole
Early This Afternoon.
Definite intelligence regarding 1 the time
that the Now York regiment will arrive
in San Francisco is difficult to obtain.
The train bringing 1304 officers and enlist
ed men is running in four sections, the
first of which was scheduled to arrive
early this morning and the last some time
i his afternoon. Late last night word was
received that all the sections were west of
Carlin and would be consolidated at Sac
ramento this morning and start for San
Francisco in close order. Members of the
New York committee of this city had been
planning to receive tho volunteers at the
Mechanics' Pavilion to-morrow morning,
but as the train will arrive earlier than
was expected, the arrangements must In
changed. Time, is so essential an element
in the preparations for the regiment to
embark for Honolulu that it may be taken
for granted that Colonel Barber will not
allow his men to be detained at the Oak
land Mole over night to await the con
venience of the reception committee In
San Francisco.
AGAIN POSTPONED.
The Troops for the Peru and
City of Puebla Will Em
bark To-Morrow.
The troops that are to sail for Manila
in the transports Peru and City of Puebla
will not embark until to-morrow, and the
departure will not take place until Friday
and probably not until Saturday. The
loading of the baggage will be completed
to-day.
At military headquarters Major General
Otis and his staff are closing up their af
fairs as rapidly as possible. General
Otis is in frequent consultation with
Major General Merriam, commander of
the Department of California, in regard to
various matters needing attention after,
his departure, and also in relation to the
Hawaiian Islands. It is intimated that
the delay in starting for Honolulu and
Manila is due to orders from Washington
to wait for the arrival of important docu
ments from the Department of State.
Add Active service Detail— Local War
«.
ACTIVE SERVICE DETAIL.
Seventh California and First
Montana Are Assigned for
Duty at the Philippines.
Major General Otis has practically
finished his plans for the second half of
the fourth expedition. The three boats
comprising It will sail from this port on ;
the 25th inst. The bulk of the Third Bri- ;
gade has been selected to sail. Colonel
Berry, commanding the Seventh Califor
nia, and Colonel Kessler, commanding
the First Montana, have been notified by !
Major General Otis that they will sail on ;
that date. The rest of the expedition will
be made up of either the South Dakota or
Fifty-first lowa troops, with the South !
Dakotas given the preference. Brigadier ;
General Otis, now commanding, will be
in charge, unless at the last minute he
is ordered to accompany Major General
Otis on Thursday.
A number of changes were made late
last night in the preliminary arrange
ments for Thursday's expedition.
The recruits of the Eighteenth Infan
try were erased from the list of those to
to aod a squad of eight men from the
signal corps were detailed to occupy the
vacant space.
The Fourteenth was originally ordered
to break camp to-day. Last night this
order was changed and the boys will not
go aboard until to-morrow.
All extra commissary supplies are being
packed aboard to-day, and by this even
ing all that will remain to be done will
be to drop and pack the tents. Thursday
morning will sc-e the fourth great ex
odus.
Hospital arrangements are completed.
One full steward and two acting stew
ards, with ten privates, will go aboard the
Peru. Two acting stewards with ten pri
vates will constitute the medical force of
the Puebla.
Lieutenant Surgeon Kemp of the Eight
eenth and Acting Assistant Surgeons
Quinan, Richardson and McQuesten will
be in charge.
Relics and a Damascus Blade.
The First Troop of Utah Cavalry has a
couple of relics that are somewhat out of
the usual line of things that bring luck.
One is an old sword of revolutionary pat
tern that saw bloody service through the
earliest struggle, in the war of ISI2,
through subsequent Indian troubles and
finally in the rebellion. The great-grandson
of the original owner is now carrying it
to Manila with him.
The other lucky piece of the troop Is a
camel's hair blanket once the property of
a Major Fairlelgh. who, legend hath it,
wns smothered in his tent before Lucknow.
He was trying to warm himself before an
open charcoal burner. One of Sir Colin
Campbell's staff olHcers kept off the cold
with It during the Sepoy rebellion. Some
years later it went through the rebellion
of Louis Hii-1 in Canada, and it has since
found its eventful way to one of the re
cruits of the Utahs and Is bound again
to the front to do duty either as severrj
abdominal bandug.es or along the. lines ot
previous usefulness.
Captain Guthrie, commanding officer of
! Company H. Sixth California, has already
i had an extremely interesting military ex
perience. He served with the Belgian
; army during the troubles in the Congo
j Free State, South Africa. For distin
! puished service at that time King Leopold
presented him with a handsome Damascus
sword, which the captain now carries.
Cuptain Guthrie*B brother is now Gover
nor of one of the States of the Congo
country.
Wail Over the Departed.
The fourth expedition will not go from
thfse shores to far Manila unmourned.
From among tho flock of trades people
legitimate and otherwise, who infest the
purlieus of a military camp, there is aris
ing a great and bitter cry of disappoint
ment. Many of the departing boys have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦■ X
+ ♦
4- +
f ♦
f. -f
I AFTER JULY 15th I
f ♦
J_ you pay 1O cents a pound mare for tea. *
♦■ Uncle Sam wantsitfor his Boysin Blue. ♦
♦- We pay it from June 13th to July + s
\. 15th, that is on fresh new teas. *
X - t
: nOSISI/ Good Health to the t
I SJilSllll Boys in Blue |
*" WITH >
f America's Best Tea. j
i Quality • Prices . +
t_ Best Obtainable. Lowest In America. 4-
[ &reat American Importing Tea Co. I
♦■ -f
f- SPEAKING FOR THEIR +
I 108 Money Saving Stores. X
f «f
i. CITY" STORES. ~ T
f 1011 Market St. 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St. ' J
f 140 Sixth St. 3008 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearny St. -f
♦" 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St, 8285 Mission st. '£
£ ' 355Haye8St 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery A?. >
f 218 Third St 52 Market St. 705 Larkin 8t ♦
♦■ . 1190 Kentucky 8t ♦
4- OAKLAND 6TORBS. -f
if 1052 Washington St., Oakland 1 /' 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland. ♦
•■ 917 Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland. J
t 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland 1355 Park St Alameda. +
•■ -f
I A Good Time J
i to Buy Tea ♦
secured goods and "bads" and personal
promises to pay when the ghost walked.
In some of the regiments the paymaster
has not appeared and it is officially an
nounced that he will be absent until the
troops arrive in the Philippines. One
dealer is out $300, another $250, and so all
along the line. They are wailing but only
ask that the attention of the Government
be called to the hardship worked on the
men to whose interest their lives are de
voted.
Signal Corps Election.
The Signal Corps of the Second Brigade
of the California National Guard last
evening elected Charles Hughes captain,
and Charles Hazeltine first lieutenant.
Major Evans presided at the meeting,
which was a very harmonious affair. The
members of the corps, after the election,
adjourned to the Good Fellows' Grotto
and, for a couple of hours, enjoyed them
selves at a banquet. Among those pres
ent were ten veteran members of the
corps.
Duty for Dp. Shiels.
Dr. Shiels, recently made brigade sur
geon, will not go to Manila at ihis tim&.
Dr. Shiels has been appointed to the Sec
ond Brigade, under command of Briga
dier General King.
Dr. Potter is ussigned to the First Bri
gade, under General Miller.
War Incidents.
Sergeant Owen Davis of Troop B, Fourth
Cavalry, has been granted a furlough
during the present war, upon Instruction
from the Assistant Secretary of War, to
enable him to accept a position as ser
geant in the volunteer service.
Second Lieutenant H. L. Wai thai has
been detailed as recruiting officer for the
Second Battalion of the California Volun
teer Infantry and will open an office in
this city.
The society is now caring for Mrs. Josle
Williams and her little child, whose saa
case was called to its attention through
the newspapers. During the last few days
the society has furnished toother soldiers'
families coal, groceries, medicine and oth
er necessaries, as well as paying rent in
several instances. New subscriptions
have been received from Podesta & Bal
docchi, $2; Mrs. Weihe, 50 cents; Mrs. S.
L. Wilson, $1.50; Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, 50
cents.
Smith's Dandrun! Pomade
Ta the only positive cure for dandruff,
itching scalp and falling hair. Price 50c
at all druggists. Sample sent free by
Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. y T^
Great Sale
• • • V/i • • ■
Millinery To=day
Each hat selected from a stock and a department
which has been the greatest success this season.
CL . , , , .. Shepherdess
Short-backed sail- h ,
ors, now so much m brown o^^ • f a
drlPl^ worn, tnmrned in ; and white
quills and«P|»^V
kS| taste in flow-
In wh,te chip, erS[ wj TL W
JTpkJlF^ Panama braids ! fancy c^ f Ay* JkL*
- - a " dfa^ straw ' ! fonandvel- <TS>—^^
"Short-backed elegantly trim- 1 vet . Cut New
sailor. mcd in chiffon, . froms7to .-Shepherdess."
velvet, fancy - '
wings and flowers. (SeeC/« AA <p-^-.^>v-r.
our window display) «M.VV Another shepherdess in black fl*/% AA
V rough and ready and hair«PA«VU
braids, cut from $5.50 to . .
Children's fancy tape pokes, <t/a AA Children's leghorn flats, trim- (f-g CA
extremely chic, fully trim- / tVV mcd in chiffon, ribbon and«P|«3U
mcd .................. small flov/ers *
Sale of Flowers.
Russian Palm Violets, in small bouquets. ._.. lc
California Pansies, in* bunches 20c
Clover — among the latest floral effects bunch 18c
Cornflowers — now so much worn — bunch 15c
Clean Up in Dress Goods.
25c Fancy Checks, 8 patterns, 32 inches wide, cut to 12oC
35c Fancy Suitings, 11 patterns, 38 inches wide, cut to 15c
50c German Novelties, for vacation, 38 inches wide, cut to 24c
50c Fancy Worsted Crepons, 7 patterns, 37 inches wide, cut to 2-4 c
Domestic Snaps.
Dress Sateens, in stripes and figures, 5c | Bleached Sheeting, 10-4 width I7c
Bazaar Economy.
Fancy Paper Napkins, 14 inches ' Berry Dishes, s^-inch, in china
square, per 1000 85c and gold, per "dozen $1
i i ia/- p, ■ i Decorated China Fruit Plates, 7-
1 qt. Glass Wine Decanter, with . , , a t
MstoDDerM st0DDer | ft r inch, per dozen $1
stopper lUC 14 . ft| heayy Mexican Hammock,
Iqt Water Bottle (glass). 10c ' braided edge and spreader. .75c
937 =5 939=94i=943=945=947 Market Street.
(COME ON REMNANT DAY).
AMT/SEMENTS.
MOROSCOMANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Grand Spectacular Production of
Directed by MR. FREDERICK PAXJLDING.
Beautiful Gipsy Camp G2 (""^i TT 1 TnTTT 1
Great Shipwreck OV- • -CLjJJM J^-l .
Evening Prices 25c and 60c
| Family Circle and Gallery 10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. |
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), JULY 13
j Parquet, any seat, 2sc; Balcony, 10c; Children,
l 10c, any part.
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR.
i "The Quiet Mr. Gay": BERT COOT AND
i JULIE KINGSLEY. "Supper For Two";
< FLEURETTE, Charming Danseuse: MRS.
| ALICE SHAW AND DAUGHTERS, Whistling
Prima Donnas; CHAS. WAYNE, Eccentric
Comedlen; ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES, GRANT AND JONES, Colored Trio;
FALKE AND LEMON, new act.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Urs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THIS EVENING,
Yon Supne's Martial Opera,
FATINITZA I
Superbly Cast! Correctly Costumed; Elegantly
Mounted
NEXT WEEK.
Planquette's Masterpiece,
"THE BELLS O*\ CORNEVILLE."
Popular Prices 25c and 60c
No Telephone.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NOW YOIT STOP
DON'T YOU DARE!
FRAU/LEY COffIPANY
In the Great Comedy Success
"LOST — 24 HOURS."
AH This Week— Matinee Saturday.
NEXT MONDAY— "LIBERTY HALL."
AT A*7 \T\ SEATB BY PHONE
ALuAZ<AK. Main 254.
Every Night This Week. Matinee Saturday.
THE GREATEST EVER!
LEWIS MORRISON
SPECTACULAR
♦•FAUST
Prices 15c. 23c. 35c, 50c
NEXT WEEK— "EAST LYNNE."
THE PLUMPEST OF THE PLUMP!
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
AT THE CHUTES
Every Afternoon and Evening.
COLBY AND WAY. GEORGE H. DIAMOND
and a Great Vaudeville Bill in the
Free Theater.
Attractions All Over the Grounds.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
,,OLYMPIA [ Co TddJ s". o ."^
MORE NEW EASTERN STARS. '
ORDWAY & RAND. Thrilling Bicyclists;
QUARINA, the Male La Loie Fuller: TOM I
RYAN, "The Mad Musician": MURRAY &
REYNOLDS; REYNOLDS: ROYCE SISTERS;
ROCKWELL. Admission Free. Mat. Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open' Daily from Urn. until 11 p. in.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children. 290»
| AMUSEMENTS.
French'
celebration
—AT THE-
CHUTES
THURSDAY - - - JULY 14,
For the Benefit of the
RED CROSS SOCIETY
MUSIC ALL OVER THE GROUNDS !
BENNETT'S EXPOSITION BAND,
CASSASSA'S MILITARY BAND
and tr,e lOWA REGIMENTAL BAND.
AFTERNOON :
MUSIC. ORATIONS and DAY FIREWORKS.
NIGHT t
OPEN-AIR CONCERT, BALL AND GRAND
DISPLAY OF
FIREWORKS
Electric Cars Will Run All Night.
Admission, 25c; Children, 10c.
DASHES-QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES! ojj&£o^ RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladles free to grand stand. 50c admits ren-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.)
Races Commence at 2 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and f
o'clock boats, stop at the track.
DR.MCNULTY.
n^lirs-WELL-KNOW^r and RELIABLE OLtl
J. Specialist cures Prlvate,NervoQS,Blood and Skin
piseases of Mew only. Manly Power restored. Over
ZOyears'exp.-rieiice. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, Bto I
daily;6:3otoB.3o«>T Sundays, 10 to 12. C'onsulta-
tioufree and sacredly confidential Call oraddress
iP. ROSfOE McKtTl/ITY. M. !>..
26.VJ KEARNY STREET. BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
J X**flS£S£St£«*4ir P! * ** 1b a non-po!sonot»
*SJtims& t^^^&3&i TPmr "ir for (Jonorrhoea.
jtSSgSr CCKEw^IM Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
ff'SFJfla l to 5 iajs. «| Whites, unnatural dig-
£aaT# Ou»r»nwi;d B charges, or any inflamma-
V*>S not to strictors. tion, irritation or ulcera-
jgj-JPreyeatJ contagion. tion of mucous mem-
yt»ftTH;EvAH3 CHEMinjlfjp. branes. Xon-astringent.
\CIHCISNATI.O ■ Ek*si *Old by DmgslutM.
ISff&L. V. a. A. 2|tf or Bent ' n plain wrapper,
<Jmrai^>^lo r/^^P I ***! Prepaid, fox
<^ÜBVIP O l il.i 1 .- 00 - or 3 bottles, $2.75.
> »"«"Qfflß» i »V ■ Circular g-sat oa r*iue«.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day,
$5 to Xt, week, $8 to *30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
■ ...
W.T.HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNSY-AT LAW,
Tentn .Floor. Koom 1015. Claus SprecKeU Bide'
Telephone 3rown 9JI.
Residence. iil CalUorai* ■ itmU lMlq« i
FoweU, Saa FrancUco. !:;^^.:,^^
78
GREAT RACING
AT OAKLAND
Myrtle Thorne Lowers |
Her Record.
BEACHWOOD WINS EASILY j
_ I
THE HE RACE FALLS TO
MUCH BETTER.
A Job in the Last Special Scented Out
by the Judges and Nellie
Bly Takes a,
 Mark.
The racing: yesterday at Oakland was
exciting though no track record was :
broken, and In the main the books did a I
fairly remunerative business, favorites
about dividing tho honors with outsiders.
Professor lleald's good black mare
Myrtle Thorne at 3 to 2, ably piloted by |
Billy Donathan, won the tirst race, a 2:19 j
trot, over Dr. J, who was tho medium of 1
a strong play and backed down to 4 to 1.
After lying a. comfortable second to the
middle of the back Myrtle moved up at
the half pole, and taking the lead trotted !
the home stretch in :33%: winning handily
In 2:18, thus lowering her record by a
Quarter of a second.
Beachwood, as was expected, won the
2:IS pace off. the reel, she opening at 2 to 3
&nd then quoted at 7 to 10 and closing at
X to 2. It was a Cakewalk for the bilk
wood mare In 2:15, the three-year-old lilly
Dlctatrtss under a drive getting the place
from Butcher Boy. Considerable money j
was played on the chestnut gelding, -
Uutcher Boy, at 6 to 5 and even money '
for a place. William Baker and Fitz
Aymon, on which quite a lot of coin was
Invested, were both behind the money.
The 2:25 pace, heats, two in three, went I
to Much Better quite handily uiter losing I
the second heat to the hoppled Abdine. |
In the rirst heat Mark II had the call in j
the auctions against the lleld, $5 to $5, but !
finished third and ail out in 2:15V4, !
whereon the talent switched to Mucli
Better, and she. JustlrU*d. their coolidence !
by winning the deciding heat in 2:l9V*>. j
after losing tho Becond neat to Abdine •
under a. drive by a short half length in
2: 17
The special for named horses, wejit to '
Thompson on sufferance, Mamie Riley be- j
ing once again placed in 2:17. Durfee I
takes advantage of the fact that the |
rules have no Jurisdiction in dash races,
She has been timed the last half in 1:06%,
a 2:l3Vj gait, yet apparently is driven \
merely for place money. Mojave, with
speed to burn. wa,s. once again terribly i
unsteady, losing all chance from the very
etart.
The last race, also a special, fell the
first time of asking to Pilot McLellan,
favorite at 2 to 5, in 2:26%, there being no !
show of a contest, and so palpable was
this that the Judges declared It off and i
gave lifteen minutes for a new book. !
There wus r.o change in the drivers,
which should have been made had there \
been suspicion of fraud, as for example ]
the Dexter D race. By the time the field I
was in the starter's hands the second j
time Nellie Bly was a hot first choice,
although she finished last the rirst time
nut, at Ito 2. Sho stepped away at a 2:20 j
gait to the quarter anu half and at the !
three-quarters it was 1:45& Then pulled
up she won in 2:204. showing that the i
judges' suspicions were well-founded.
The programme for to-day has only '
four events, but two of them are heat !
races. I
FIRST RACE.
1:19 rlass. trotting, one mile dash.
Myrtle Thorne, blk. m. by Grandlseimo (W. :
Donathan) 1
I>T. .1. b. h. by Alex Button iJarn--s Sullivan). 2 i
Ned Thorne, b. g. by Hilly Thornhlll (H. ]
Hellman) 3'
I-ynall, Iran Alto and l<ou also started and
finished in that ur<lf-r.
Time— M%, l:0S\. 1:43« i. 2:IS.
BettinK: Auctions— Field 16, JjO\i $".. Books- ;
Myrtle Thorne 3 to 2, Dr. J 4, Ned Thurne, '■
> nail and Iran Alto 7. Lou 6 to 5.
SECOND RACE.
2:1? class, paring, one mile dash.
Beachwood, l>r. m. by Sllkwood (John Baker). 1 !
Plctatress. eh. f. by Dlctatua <S. E. K>-iiti 2 I
Uutcher Boy. eh. y. by Secretarj (D. Mizner). 3 |
William Baker, Flta Aymon, Charles David :
and Peanuts also started and finished In that j
order. ■
Time— :B3, 1:07%. 1:41U, 2:15.
Betting: Auctions— Beachwood 1 to 2. Die- 1
tatress 5, Butcher Boy 3. ritz Aymon and ■
Charles David 3, William Baker and Peanuts 0. .
THIRD RACE. |
2:25 class, pacing, one mile heat 3, two in !
three.
Much Better, b. m. by Charles Derby (C. t
F. Bunch) 1 J l ;
Abdine. b. g. by Wilkesdale iHolmfs) ...2 1 2!
Mark H, b. h. by Bismarck (J. Gabriel).. 3 3 3
Majella, blk m. by Mlßhagak (James Sul
livan) Dlst. i
noyal Sid, eh. g. by Roy Wilkes (J. M.
Nelson) Dlst.
Time— First heat, :33. l:06H. 1:40, 2:lsVi; Bec
ond heat. :34, 1:07, 1:40, 2:1T',4; third heat, :34>£,
l:07H. 1:42, 2:l9Vi.
Bettinp: Books— First heat. Much Better 2.
Abdine 2. Mark H 6 to 5, Majella and Royal Sid
2; Becond heat. Abdine even. Much Better 3 to
10. Mark H 4; third heat. Much Better and
Abdine 1 to 2. Mark H 4. Auctions— Kleld $8,
Mark H J5; after first, heat, Much Better $10,
field. $4.
FOURTH RACE.
Special for named horses, mile dash.
Thompson, b. h.. by Boodle (C. F. Bunch) 1,
Mamie Riley, b. n> . by McKinney (W. G.
Durfee) 2 j
May B. blk. m., by Altona (H. Hellman) 3
Mojave also started.
Time, a 5 —1:09 —1:43 —2:17%.
Bettlnpr: Auctions — Field $S. Thompson J5,
Books— Thompson even. Mamie Riley 6, May
13 4, Mojave 4 to 5.
FIFTH RACE.
Special for named horses, mile dash.
STellie Hly, b. m., by Starboul (C. A. Owen)..l
I>l.it«rlne. b. m.. by Athadon (C. E. Clark).. 2
Mnnlo Belle, b. m., by Menlo (H. Hellman)...3
Pilot McClellan aIEO Bturted.
Time, :35— 1:10— 1:4%— 2:20%.
Betting: Auctions— Nellie Bly $10 Held $8
Books- Nellie Bly 1 to 2. Pilot McClellan 3 to 2,
Afonlo Belle 2. Llstertne 3.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First rcee, 2:17 class, trotting, mile heats,
two In three— P. J. Williams' Silver Ring
James Sullivan's Our Jack. P. J. Vetter's Lou
R. AJvlso's I.lttl* Miss. 's Our Lucky C.
Thornqueet's Mabel McKlnney.
Becond race, special for named horses — John '
Gordon's F W. 0. Mlzner'3 Plunkett J. M !
Nelson's IIIJo del Diablo.
Third race, green pacers, mile heats, two In
three C. A. Owen's Harry Ramon E A
yalvey's Resort. JI. Hellman's Lliido T.
Smith's Onff Topsail, W. O. Durtee's I.adv
Marsar*t, C. A. Wlnshlp'a Lolitn.
Fourth race. Bpeclal for named horses, II
Helimun'H Wlnnella. K. V. Heald's I'lletta
Munjter. T. Smith's Campaigner. B. Harris'
Melvoar. ______________
=
Admiral Dewey Honored.
At a meeting of the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday Admiral
Dewey was elected as a life member, an
honor that Is frequently bestowed upon
men who are worthly of Bpeclal attention
at the hands >>i the business men of this
r-ity. In the case of the Admiral his ser
vice-; to the commerce of the Pacitlc were
of Inestimable beneiu. When the Spanish
squadron was on the Asiastlc side of the
ocean the local rchnnts were in con
stant fear that v. flying trip would be
made to this sid.- and syeclal attention
paid by the foreigners to Western coin
mere**, to tho detriment of local interests
By destroying the Bhlpu of Spain at Ma
nila Admiral Dewey won the everlasting
gratitude of the members of the Chamber
of Commerce and this is one of the waya
by which they express their appreciation.
The election will surely be confirmed at
the meeting of the whole chamber on next
Tuesday. Resolutions memorial of the late
Admiral Ammen, who was an honorary
member of the chamber, were pased.
• m •
Suit Over a Mining Title.
Judge Morrow yesterday morning hand
ed down a decision In the case of 8.
"Webber Parker vs. A. 11. Rapp and oth
ers in favor of the plaintiff. On October
2, 189 G. Rapp entered Into an agreement
■with Parker to sell him the Crystalline
mines in Tuolumne County for the sum
of 5150,0 V). After the asrrr-ement had been
made Rnpp claimed that ho could not
give title as it was held by his partnei ,
Shafer. The court held that as Rapp and
Parker were partners in the transaction It
•was immaterial which one the power ot
giving title was vested in and awarded
the verdict to the plaintiff.
DEATH OF A TRAVELED CAT.
Tom, Mascot of the Steamer Alameda, Succumbs
The officers nrui crow of the steamer Alnrr.eda were In mourning yesterday.
Tom. the handsome big cat that for thirteen years acted as the shlp'n mascot,
is dead, and its owner. Chief Engineer Little, is disconsolate. Monday Tom
was talc'en slcit ahd Ms master doctored him as best he could and then sent
for a eat doctor. When the chief was going home that night Tom seemed, a lit
tle better, but the next morning he was dead.
Tom was probably the most traveled cat In the world, and had he lived
to reach Sydney. N. S. W., would have earned a gold collar for having sailed
a million miles by sea. When he died he wore a silver collar, which marked
the completion of 700,000 miles of travel. It was presented to him in Sydney and
bore the following inscription: "Old Tom. S. S. Alameda. Presented by his
American admirers, July 4. 1896." When Tom was a kitten he forsook the bark
Alden IJesse and took up his abode on the Alameda. Chief Engineer Little was
the only person aboard with whom he would make friends, and to him he re
mained faithful until the hour of his death.
Of the thousands who have sailed the Southern seas on the Alameda
there is not one but will remember Tom and his owner. They were great sub
jects for the camera (lends and Mr. J.itrle has over fifty different pictures by
various artists of the dead cat.
Tom's remains are not to be buried ashore. They have been placed In a
hermetically sealed linden casket, and when the steamer is in midocean the
burial will take place. He will, therefore, be buried in the waters of the Pa
cific, on which his life had been spent.
DETECTED THROUGH
HIS SWEETHEART
ATTORNEY A. M. HOLLIDAY AR-
RESTED IN OAKLAND.
He "Jumped" His Bonds Over Three
Mouths Ago and Has Been in
hiding Since.
A. M. TTolHday, a young attorney, who
jumped Ms bonds about three months ago
and has b'-en In hiding since, was arrested
in Oakland yesterday and brought to the
City Prison by Detective Dillon. He had
been living In a hotel In Oakland under
the name of A. M. Morton. He was lin
ally traced by his correspondence with
his best girl, who lives in this city.
Holliday was arrested in March last, on
two charges — one of obtaining money by
false pretenses and the other for passing
;; forged telegram. The complaining wn
i.ess in each case was N. J. Bailey, 132
Duncan street. Several months ago he
bei :iine acquainted with the Bailey fam
ily, and Warning that Mrs. Goetz, Bai
ley's mother-in-law, since dead, was k
descendant of General Koehler of Eng
land, who died over a century ago. leav
ing an estate, he volunteered to g-'t h<-r
share of the property.
He pretended to be In communication
with W. E. Sterling, a supposed attorney
in London, and showed a long cablegram
from him about Investigating into the
cii-se and wanting money to carry it on.
Holliday altogether got about $1500, and
finally it was discovered that the cable
gram was a fake, and that Attorney W.
K. Sterling was a myth. It was also as
certained by Attorney Frank P. Kelly,
who represents Bailey, that the Koehler
estate reverted to the crown over half a
i • ntury ago.
SOLDIERS IN TROUBLE.
Two of Them Arrested for Assault
With a Deadly Weapon.
David Harvey, a colored soldier, was
arrested at an early hour yesterday
morning by Policemen C. Peters and
Cavanaugh on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. He entered the Stock
holm saloon, corner of Jackson and Kear
ny streets, about 2 o'clock, and pick< d a
riuarrel with a man named Joseph Hill.
Hill retreated to the street, followed by
Harvt-y, who fired a shot at him, which,
fortunately, missed htm. The case was
called in judge Conlan's court yesterday
and continued till to-morrow.
Howen K. Bowen, a private in the Ten
nessee Regiment, startled Policeman <"o
len on Grant avenue early yesterday
morning by telling him that he had cut
a man Into strips. Colen took him to the
City Prison and booked him on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon. He was
brought before Judge Mogan yesterday
but denied making any such Btatement
to the officer, and as nobody could be
found that he had cut into strips he was
discharged.
SUSPECT A BOY CLERK.
Mouey Stolen From a Dry-Goods
Store at Stockton and Green
Streets.
Samuel Straus? of the firm of Strnuss &
Strauss, dry goods merchants, Stockton
and Green streets, swore to a complaint in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Frank Stiglino. a boy 16 years of
age, on a charge of grand larceny.
The boy was employed In the store and
did not show up yesterday. Monday be
fore closing the iirm secreted $193 in a box.
Early yesterday morning the night watch
' man noticed that the front door was open.
He notified Samuel Strauss and on going
i to the store be found that the money had
been taken out of the box.
Suspicion fell upon the boy, and it was
supposed that he had hidden himself in
the- store at closing time Monday night
and had stolen the money. Detective Dil
lon is searching for him.
■ ♦ . .
PULLED THE WRONG ROPE.
I Serious Accident to George Flint ct
: the Y. M. C. A. Building.
- George Flint, assistant engineer In the.
Young Men's Christian Association bulld
; ing, Ellis and Mason streets, met with an
I accident yesterday morning that may
prove fatal. . ; '■'•'■": V y'V- ■'.'
He was working the Fldewalk' elevator
and. by mistake pulled the wrong rope.
The sidewalk door wan shut, and as the
elevator shot upward . Flint was crushed
against the door, lie managed to grasp
the right rope and lowered the elevator
to the basement, where he was found,
I unconscious.
He was taken to the Receiving: Hospl
i tal, where it was found that he was suf
; frring from concussion of the spine, con
tusion of tho back and Internal injuries.
~»~.
Will of Mrs. Theresa Muller.
The will of Mrs. Theresa Muller. who
I died on the sth inst., was fjled for probate
| yesterday. The estate loft by the testator
is valued at $5000. By the terms of the will
the income of the estate is bequeathed to
the husband of the deceased, George Mul
; lcr, and at his death it is to be divided bo
[ tween three sons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
to Old Age.
CHASED A BURGLAR
FROM HER HOUSE
PLUCKY MISS O'BRIEN LEADS TO
HIS CAPTURE.
George Wainwright Happened to
Jump on the Same Car as
Detective Ryan.
George Wainwright, a carpenter, while
. under the Influence of liquor yesterday
aicernoon, entered the residence of Mrs.
O'Brien, 1223 Folsom street. He made his
: way upstairs to the bedrooms and col
lected several articles of clothing.
Miss O'Brien heard some one moving
around upstairs, and thinking it was one
of her brothers she went to see what he
was doing home at that hour. She met
Wainwright coming wit of a bedroom
with a bundle in his arms. He ran past
. her and she was not slow In following
( him. An electric car was passing the door
at the time and Wainwright jumped on
! the dummy.
"Where are you going with our
clothes?" cried Miss O'Brien, who was
j close behind Wainwright.
"Her., take them," said Wainwright,
as he threw the bundle on the ground.
Unfortunately for him Detective Ryan
' happened to be on the car and he prompt
: ly placed Wainwright under arrest and
1 took him to the City Prison, where a
charge of burglary was booked against
! him. ll<- had also two pairs of shoes with
; him, which the detective Is satisfied he
; stole from some other house.
AN ATTORNEY REBUKED.
Judge Hebbard Arraigns a Practi
tioner for Breach of Faith.
Attorney Friedlander sufft-red rebuke at
the hands of Judge Hebbard yesterday
morning:. The incident occurred in the
hearing of the action of R. B. Storms
against Washington Irwin to recover on
a promissory note. Last Saturday a motion
in connection with the case came up and
at that time Attorney Collier, represent
ing the plaintiff, and Friedlander repre
senting the defendant, agreed that the
case should l»: tried yesterday. When the
case was called yesterday, however,Fried
lander refused to proceed, claiming that
his client had not been served with any
complaint or summons and In consequence
was not prepared to answor the suit. Vo\-
Her informed Friendlander of the agree
ment reached last Saturday and then call
ed the attention of the Court to the fuet
that the plaintiff was a Stockton man and
had been brought here to attend the trial
at considerable expense and at the loss
of much time. As Kriedlander refused to
yield Judge Hebbard then spoke. "Mr.
Friedlander, this action on your part after
the agreement you reached Saturday ia
yery unexpected," he said. "The moral
responsibility now rests with you to pay
the expenses attendant upon this trial
and also the expi-ns«H of the plaintiff from
Stockton and return. The Tourt cannot
compel you to do so but morally you aro
bound. If you wish to take advantage ot
technicalities the case will have to stand
over until issue has been joined and the
pleadings completed. The Court cannot
prevent you, but it will remember the oc
currence at some future time."
Friedlander made no response and when
the Judge had concluded left the court
room.
HE CAME FROM SAN JOSE.
Yep Shung Stripped and Bobbed in a
Den on Sullivan Alley.
Tcp Shung came from San Jose Mon
day with the laudable purpose of rescu
ing a girl from a den on Sullivan alley.
He went to the Presbyterian Mission
Home and. after stating his object, one
Of the ladies accompanied him, but wait
ed outside till he would give a signal.
The signal never came. When Yep
Shung entered the place on a different
pretext his r<-al intentions were suspected
and ten of his fellow-countrymen, who
were in the house, "didn't do a thing to
him." They stripped him of his silk coat
and trousers and. after giving him an un
merciful thrashing, threw him into the
street, to the consternation of the lady
from the mission.
Yesterday Yep Shung secured a war
rant from Judge Conlan for the arrest
of Lou Fat. the keeper of the house, on a
charge of robbery, as he claims that he
had $15 35 in his trousers' pockets.
To Foreclose a Mortgage.
Tho J,ondon and San Francisco Bank,
Limited, has filed suit against Nathaniel
J. Brittan and Belle Brittan to foreclose a
mortgage of $20.H6 22 on a valuable piece
of property owned by the defendants at
Baker and Broadway streets.
CASTOR A
For Infants and Children.
Thi f«e- yff
■ ■- -
WHITE WOMEN
DEMAND WORK
Widows and Wives of
Soldiers Insulted.
CHINESE LABOR PREFERRED
AN OUTRAGE INVESTIGATED BY
GRAND ARMY MEN.
They Ask That Soldiers' Uniforms
Should Not Be Made by Aliens,
but by American
Women.
The Grand Army of the Republic has
taken hold of the matter of getting the
work of making soldiers' uniforms away
from the sweat-shop contractors and their
coolie operatives and handing it over to
the deserving women who need this em
ployment. According to the story of W.
\V. Allen of Lyon Post the widow.s and
wives of the ofd soldiers have been very
shabbily treated by the people who pre
side over the local commissary depart
, ment. He states that several women
whose husbands fought for the Union
called upon him and complained that they
were unable to secure work, although they
are all competent to make garments for
the soldiers of the present war. Three of
theso women said that they had been
down to one of the contractors for work
and the wages offered were less than is
paid to Chinese.
When they refused a 25 per cent rate
I while tho contractor makes 75 per cent,
they were brusquely told to get out ot the
way and not bother any more. This caused
Mr. Allen to put on hih war paint ami now
he is working to Interest all of the Grand
Army pust* m seeing that Justice Is done.
He will make it his special business to
call at all of the O. A. R. posts and he has
no duubt that the Influence of the old sol
diers will be sufficient to get Major Long
to consider the rights of the white people
why need work, as against the Chinese.
and the contractors who are doing a
"skinning" business on the soldiers' gar
ments.
He added that he knows that tho Gov
ernment does not approve of the contract
system as it is followed here. Heretofore
this work has been duim by direct dealing
with the people who perform the labor.
In his efforts Mr. Allen will co-operate
| with the Labor Commissioner and endeav
or to effect such changes as will give the
I work where it will do the most good. The
Stutw otllcial Ik continuing the registration
of all women who desire to secure, this
kind of employment, and it is surprising'
how many have applied for a chance U
make an honest living. On Monday about
seventy registered their names, and yes
; terday the number was increased by about
: sixty."
Nearly all ftate that they have had ex
| perience in sewing and will be oniy too
I glad to secure enough to keep the wolf
away from the door. While many are
the wives and widows of the old soldiers,
; there is also a surprising number who
i have relatives in the present war and
1 who are hard pressed for the common
necessaries of life. A great many have
i applied by letter and several of these let
j ters are indeed pathetic. Commissioner
' Fitzgerald does not think that it will be
necessary for those who are Interested
j in the movement to hire a place where a
1 factory can be established. Most of tho
; applicants for work have home duties
; that would prevent them from j, r oing to
' v factory to work, and it Is argued that
there is no necessity for them to do so.
as the matter of getting employment can
■ be arranged through committees from the
Patriotic Home; Helpers and other Inter
■ ested bodies. The Home Helpers will
; meet at Metropolitan Temple this evening
, and take up this matter. Their efforts will
be to see if Major Lonp will co-operate
with them In giving the work to white
. women and not to contracting firms who ■
employ coolies. If successful, all well and
': good, but if the Helpers are not successful
; a mighty effort will be made to get the
! situation presented before, the War De
j partrnent at Washington through the Pa-
I clflc Coast representatives, who are to ar- i
rive from the capita! in a few days.
According to reports made at the Labor j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+S+B+B+BH
A Young Hercules!
With all the strength which nature intended you to
have, developed to its fullest expansion by continuing sys-
tematic training, you could be a very strong man. Any
man could. Nature gives most of us a good start. If we
take good care, of our bodies we can make them powerful.
But—
Excess Will Wear You Out.
' Men live too fast these days. The search for an
imaginary pleasure, trying to squeeze tho happiness of a
lifetime into a few years, exhausts the capital nature gave
us, and we are wrecked in the grandest element of man's
ambition — nerve, brain and body weakened.
He Is a Transformed Man.
VETERANS' linME, Cal.
DR. A. T. BANT>EX— Dear Sir: You ask me to make my final report. I sent a
full report to you two months ago, telling you about my case, but 1 will tell you
again of my vast Improvement. When I first used your Belt 1 weighed 170 pounds. I
suffered gr«it pains In my back and other complaints. My liver and bowels were
vory bad. Now I have not used the Helt for the last two months, but I am grad-
ually transforming Into a different man. I weigh 193 pounds; I eat and sleep well; my
pains are all gone; my liver and bowels are cured, and I have no cnmplnint what-
ever. I feel very good. Yours truly, FRANK HENKEI/.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
Dr. Sanden claims that your nerve strength is Elec-
tricity and his Electric Belt will restoro what you have
lost. 10,000 men say it has restored their strength. Dr.
Sanden will send you a book on this subject that is worth
reading. It is free. Call or address,
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores. *
702 Htrket Street, Corner Kearny, 8m Franoim. ', *.*"""■ ■* •-
Office hours. 8 A: M. to 8 P. M.; Sundays. 'i^Lpflill'V l3^..^!
10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 204* n?r hv e r ■?J. d ltl^ ™ t™? a i Bt n?v
South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- or by . traveling agents; only
ton street; Denver. Col.. 9SI Sixteenth street: . al our office.
Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. *' ♦
Commissloncr's' > bfn'ce yesterday there was
a small strike among the operatives at thp
Meyerstein factory on Monday. Some of
the gfrls get $1 60 per dozen for making
soldiers' coats ad others only $1 40 for the
same work. Those who eotlld get only the
smaller sum made a protest to the woman
who has Charge of the place and her an
swer was that she would give what she
saw lit and that if they did not like her
way of doing business they could get f out.
The women said that one "Sammy as
sisted in heaping insults on their heads.
The operatives apealed to Meyerstein and
were told that the woman who was in
charge of the factory had full "say in
the matter of setting the prices. So the
fight was lost and the girls went back to
work. It was all they could do.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
A Sailor Drowned — Woman Attempts
Suicide — Guatemalan News
b-y the San Jose.
The schooner Ocean Spray arrived from
Walsh Landing .yesterday, minus one of
her crow. At 4:W o'clock in the morning,
When fifteen mllos off the bar, Carl Curl
sen, a native of Sweden, aged 30 years,
slipped on the deckload and fell over
board. The schooner was running before
the wind, and before she could be put
about and a boat lowered ('arisen had
gone down for the last time.
Marie Kodewild made a desperate at
tempt to end her life in the International
Hotel with corrosive sublimate yesterday.
Luckily she had eaten a hearty meal !><■
fore swallowing the deadly drug, and to
that fact she owes her life. Officer Mc-
Grayan was summoned and he hurried
the unfortunate woman to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Stafford
gave her an emetic and did everything
possible for her. She tohl Mrs. Andrew,
the matron at the hospital, that some
months ago she kent a dry (roods store in
Australia, but gave it up and came here
to be cured of a cancer. She has been
going from one specialist to mother lor
the last eight months, but as they did
her no good she gave up in despair and
attempted to end her own life.
The steamer San Jose arrived from
Central American ports yesterday. Her
officers report that another revolution is
brewing in Guatemala. A large quantity
Of arms and ammunition was sent from
San Jose de Guatemala to Champerlco
and an outburst was expected at any
time. The election of President takes
place on August G ami the aspirants for
the honor are acting President Cabrera
and Generals Castillo and Fuentes.
When the steamer left San Jose.it was
thought that Fuentes would withdraw
in favor of Cabrera and that the latter
would be elected. This would put Fuentes
also in power, and in that event he says
he v.- ill pay his respeots to Consul Carrillo
of this city. It will be remembered that
when Fuentea was a refugees in San
Francisco he and Carrillo were very bud
friends.
Augustine Glassier, while hurrying to
the ferries yesterday, was struck by a
Market-street car and knocked down,
lie was badly bruised and was removed
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Stafford attended to his wounds.
THE STATE'S INTEREST!
Board of Trade Wants to Get Into the
Ferry Building.
The State Board of Trade has consider- i
able legitimate curiosity to know when
It will be able to get Into its new quarters
in the ferry building. A long time ago ar
rangements were made for quarters In the
second story for the exhibit of the board j
and for th<: mineral exhibit of the State I
Mining Bureau, and the time set for these !
bodies to move into their rooms has long
since expired, owing to the fact that the |
work on the big building lias progressed
about as slowly as the contractors could
make it. At a meeting of the Board of
Trade yesterday a committee was ap
pointed to interview the members of the |
State Board of Harbor Commissioners and
learn If possible how soon th« quarters ;
i would be ready. A part of the Hoard of ;
Trade's exhibit Is now hidden away In the
Mechanics" Pavilion, where it has been
since the mining- fair, which closed months
ago. It is one of the finest exhibits ever ;
gathered and the members of the board
feel that no time should be lost in glvin?
the public an opportunity u> inspect It.
Several years ago C. J. Murphy of lowa
\v:is appointed as a special foreign com
missioner to Introduce the products of the
States of the I'nion into foreign roun
1 tries. S>> successful was he that he in
; duced an increase in the exportation of
Indian corn from one hundred to two hun
dred million bushels per annum. His work
along the lines of other product* was
equally meritorious. Now his term is
about to expire and an effort Is being
made by the larger commercial bodies of i
the United States to secure his reap
polntment. The Chamber of Commerce of
this city and the Board of Trade have
been asked to give him their support and .
j the latter body yesterday gave him Its
j hearty Indorsement. Manager J. A. Fil
i clur was granted a vacation of ten days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
444^444444-44444444- 4 4- 44444444444444 4- 4- 4-f
4 4-
jCITYOF#fc PARIS;
♦ DRY GOODS COMPANY. 4-
♦ 4-
+ : GENUINE REDUCTIONS
4" — — IN +
I MILLINERY! I
♦ 4
♦ Never Before Offered in San Francisco for 4
4 H«gb Class Creations of the Best +
European Artists. 4-
> . ■ :
> UNTRIMMED HATS-First Floor. 4
■ a
FORiMER PRICE. SALE PRICE 4-
.75-RODQH BTBAW PHANTOM HATS, n«w shapes and shades 2 5 "t
4. $I.SO— MIXED AND ROUGH STHAW SAILORS ; also new shapes in FRENCH OHIP ~*
and SATIN BRAIDED STRAW SO "*"
+ $I.7S— JAUNTY FRENCH SIDE FLARING CHIPS— Rough Satin 3traw end English "t
4- Turbans .7 S
4 $2.50-STYLISH FINE FRENCH CHIPS, with Mixed Fancy Braid Brims ; also *
4 STYLISH SATIN STRAW BRAID POKE BONNETS $1.00 "T
4 $5.00— SEASON'S PERFECT STYLE KNOX BLOCE HATS &21. SO +
t TRimmED HATS-Second Floor. 4-
4. All new designs and exquisite effects, genteel and beautiful as the X
a. most refined could desire, comprising creations of CAROLINE REBOUX, .
T^ ESTHER METER and RIBOT of PARIS and OUR OWN. ■
FORMER PRICES— $10 $12 $15 $25 $30 $35 $45 $50 $55, $60 and $65
4 SALE PRICES- $5 $6 $7.50 «I 2 $15 $17 $20 $25 $30 4-
4- This method carries conviction that these goods are being disposed of 4
I At HALF PRICE. ♦
i 4. Quality and Price put together are sure to convince all. .
4. MOURNING HATS AND BONNETS AT PRICES CUT IN TWAIN. "?
♦ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, +
4. Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. +
4. UNION SQUARE. 4.
■♦• ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. 4-
4- 4-
44 4444444444444444 44 4444444444^444444
t ■■- - — -"
I —■. JMs-sM^a-L
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain I No Pay Until Cnredl
75-pase book sent free. S. K. Chami.ey. Iff. V.
17 THIRD ST.. INear Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER !
n£& Chlchcit«r"» English Diamood Bread. •
f enhyroVal fills
ENNYROYAL FILLS
P -/"^S^lk. Origlnßl and Only Genuine. jt.
£iAlS*ssk. Dru^glit Ibr CMchettert Enclith I>ia-J(n\
h**iyß*&P?\nund Brand In Red f.nd Gold Sieienic\%wf
Tjk •^TVgiMboasa, «c»led with blno rl^bon. TnVe VBf
Ttj "^» )fe*?iioot!'irr. R'pnc dangerout tiibttiiu- v
I~ / — fl? riens and imitation*. At Druggists, or nerd £••
I W JJf la stumps for particulari, t»atimoDliilis mat
\tß» tS " Krlicf for Ladiea." in letter, br retnra
JS. IT Mali. 10,000 T(!timool«l». /Tent Paper. ■
4Pbt»he«tcr Chemical Co.,ss«(J!«<mBijßfire,
Bel* by all L-.-.' urnrrlevi. "'">.(» I'Jl
RAILEOAD TBAVEL '.V
Uti FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. '
TUwrM Fernr. V—t »t &u#k»t St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. S:00. U:CO a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54)
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAVa-8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30. |
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at i
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
fi:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Sar. Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Ltave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
! June 29, *
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sur.- I Week
I'ays. I days. | Destination, rlaye. J Days.
S:so ami S:WI am Novato, lv:40 am S:4O am
3:30 pral 9:30 am I'etaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
pro' 5:00 P m l Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
~ F^ FulToh,
7:30 am ( Windsor, 10:25 am
Hf-aldsburg,
Lytton,
GeyßPrvllle,
3:30 pm| 8:00 amj Cloverdale. ) 7:35 pm 6:22 pm |
7:30 am " JUopland and 110:1 10: am j
?:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Ti3o" am ~| . 10:25 am
8:00 am| Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ) [__ | 6:22 pm
7:.su am 8:U0 am Sonoma lO:4u urn 8:40 am
and i
6:10 pm 5:00 pmf_Glen_EUen 1 _ 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. li 0:40 amji6:2s am
3:30 pmj 6:00 pm| | 7:35 pm) 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West j
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- ;
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for I
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, j
Highland SprinK-s. Kelseyville, Carlsbad ;
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett i
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga ■
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper i
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ;
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlre.l. 650 Market st., ChronlHo hM*t
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN. '
Fres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. I'ass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THB BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cbpsj :
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on tne Following Time: ' <
Kieave Ban Francisco. 4:3o p. m., M.T.W.T.P.3. I
lArrive Denver 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. \
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Bcrve Superior Meals at Very Reason- •
able Rates.
VOII WIU'BE CnWFQRTABI.P,
I« You Travel on the Santa P«.
Ml FiUICISCO TICKET OFFICE— 823 MARKET SI, I
Chronicle Bulldinjt. Telephone Main li2o. ;
Oakland Offlw— lllB Broadway.
9aoramento Office— 2ol J Strost. '
San Jono Ofica— West Santa Clara SL
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. ;
Vln Sausallto Ferry. i
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. IS9S.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; U:43, 3:20. 4:00. 5:15. »6:00
1:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, :
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11: !
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
• For Mill Valley and San Rafael— «9:00 !
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. '1:45, »2:30. M.00.' !
t:3O, 6:45 p. m. ,
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazndero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way sta'ns. I
8:16 p. m. week days (Sat. Tomales and !
way stations. .■•.■.-■■'.•:.' -,;
$:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way stations. '
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
s4>( mr:i:> fAiiVIV CfIJIPANT.
(PACIFIC B"tBTKJf.)
Trnlna Icnrr :iiml mi' <!■<« to uirlre ml
NAN I'ltt.M ISI4).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — FPwtm July 10, 1338. — arrive
•G:o4»\ Nilts. BalTjoge and Way Stations... »S:4sa
"7:OtK ltcnici*. Huisun »nd Sacramento 10:45 a
7t*OA Marysvilie, Orovilleand lleilding Tia
Woodland 3:43p
T:4M»a Klmlra, Vacaville »nd Rnmsey S:4sp
7::i«A Martinez. San lUmon, Vallejo. Nap»,
Cfkli'tnir* »ml Santa Uosa 6:l."*>p
8:OOa Atlantic Kipre.ia, Ogden and I'.ast.. 8:l3p
>«i:t»A Hum .lose. Ktucfctoii, Valley Spring,
lose, Sacramento, MnryßTille,
Cliico, Teharaa and Reil ItiufT.... 4:11%r
H::*«« l'eters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:lSp
•h:3OA. Milton *7:15p
I»:O(»a Xew Orleana Kxpresa, Merced. l rea-
iio, Uakersliol'l, Santa lt»i)i»ra,
].o.s AiiK<:if!<, Deininif, F.I l'aeo,
Nen Orleans aud Kast 6i4!»p
IO:OOa Vallt-jo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
•liOOp SacrHinento Iliver Staamen *»:»Op
SanJcse. Niles ant] Way Stations... }!>:l3a.
2:OOp Llrerraore, .Mtndota, liauford and
Visaliu 4:1.
Livenuore, San Jose, Nileaaud Way
Stations.... • |Oi 1
4tOOp Mnrtinc/., Han rUmon. Vuliejn.
Napa, (Tnlistogii, Xl Verano and
Simtii ltoaa 9ll*iA
4:00p Beuicia, VacaTillo, WomlltDd,
Knislits I,amlii:g, MarysTllle, Oro-
Tille au«l Hncmmetito 10:43 a
4-.:iOp Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stocktou T:l 3»-
4 .Stockton and Lodi 13<13p
•>Sar LatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, .Sauta liarbara and l.os .
.«„ Aiik»l»m 7i43a
4:3opMnrtlnez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemitel nud Fresim 12:1 Sr
•Ji:»4»r Hnnta r,- Itonte Atlantic Kx press
ror M6Jbto an<l ICast 6:4.1p
0:OOp Knropeaii Mail, Ogdmi and Kast.... »i4^a
•6:«O|- V ||ej 12:15p
J'OOr llajv..,r,N. Ni1.,.,,,,.1 .San Jose 7:43 a
J.:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions fO:'l'T>p
8:(>4»i- Orrson i:xi>r I .sB,,Sßcriiinento, Marys-
vilk-, Ui-,1.1in X , rwitluml, I'uget
„ Siiiii.il hii.l En*t 8il»*
SAN J,IOA.M»i;u AM) lIAVWAHDS LOCAL.
(Koot of llnrkct .Street.)
s»n 1 iielrost-. Nriiiiiiary I'ark, f 7ilsa
oioa. Kitrl.hnrs, Klmhurst, I»O:43a
141 i"«t Sl1 " •'"••"Iro. South Kan WM X
ill:OO* lioandro. Kntudillo, \¥.Ykt.
112:00 m Lorenio. Cherry • .i^;,
i3:oop antl t4-i»p
StOOp llar-TariU. (9i4Sp
7:O«r | t rttins througli to Niles. 7:13p
J t From Xiles. [
COAST DIVISION (Sarrow <Juuirc).
(Foot of Market Street.) "
17:43 a Sauti* Truz Kxcuraion, Santa Cmz
and Princi(ial Way Stations ISiOSp
B:l3ANewark,C'enterTille.SanJose Felton
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way
Btationn Bi3op
; »2:13p Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almadnn, Fflton, Boulder Creek,
Ranta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOrfJOA
■1:1 3 i» San Jose, CJlenwood & Way Stations 9:20 a
q4:l.tp Boulder Creok tnd Santo fmz j»:2»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. "~
FromSU FRANCISCO — of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:1)0 11:01Ia.si. 11:00 •2:00 13-00
•1:00 ts:'O3 *6:00l-.M.
rrom OIIUND— FooI ofßrond kit.— "6:oo 8-00 10:00 a. h
112:00 '1:00 t2:03 ;3:SO; 3:S0 t«:00 *Bioop'.M.'
*~ COAST I>I VISION (KroadOange).
(Third and Townwnd Stg.)
•7iOOa Sun .loho hihl \V:i>- Stntiinis (New ". '
Almadfii Wednesdays only) ItilOp
J7::tOA Sunday Kicnrsion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro»o and
Principal Way Stations tS:S3p
S:OOa Sum Joiio, Tras IMiios. Smita Cruz,
I'acitie (iiovK. I'iuo ltoliles, San
Luis Oliiapn, (iiiadalupe. Surf and
I'iiiicipal Way Stiitions 4:lOp
I4I:4O« Han .lose ami Way Stations *8:4)Oa
I I::I0a San Juse aiwl Whjt Stations "8:33 a
*2:43i-Shii Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilrciy, HolUster, Santa 4'rn/.,
Bulioas, Munterey and Pacitic
Oro»e *IO:3Ba
*:t:!»Op San Jose and Wny Staliimß *9:OOa
•4:1 Ban Jose and rri:,cipal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:O0p San Jose and Principal Way Stations O:!t3A
S::t4> : Ran Jose and Principal Way StatJom 5:30p
U::t»i* San Joss mid Way Stations 7:* tOp
Hll4»P San Josemul Way Stations 7«;iop
A for Morning. 1 ¥ foTAfternoon
•HnnrtavßPTceptril. J Sundays only, t Sntnniarii only
I Sundays and jMondays. o Saturdays and Sundays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. ibis, trains wnl run a.- follows:
South-bound. North-bound, /
Passen- I Mixed, • Mixed, Passen-
ger, ! Sunday Sta- Sunday ger .
Daily. il^xc'ptPd tions. ; Exc'pted Dally. '
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 5-<o D m
9:10 a 12:50 p m Merced 12::,0 p m 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno" 9:SO a m 2-20 n m
U:SS a m 6:43 p m Hanford 7:15 a m 1:25 p m
2:4.", p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a m 10.15 a m
12:05 p m 7:»0 p m Vlsalla ] 6:40 a m:i2:55 pra
Stopping at intermediate points as required
Connection."— At Stockton with stoamboatu of
California Navigation an.i Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings. Coulterville, Yosemite etc '
also with stage from Hornitos, Maripoaa etc'
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.'
TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalit.-. Ferry >
1898 eaVB EaQ Fianclsco c°n3menclnßc °n3menclnB May 1.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays-8:0<\ 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m?. 1:45 and
Z*3v p. m.
July fth. IS9B. trains will run en Sunday tin»4»
Round trip rrom Mill Valley $1
st.re^San^F^ncfsco 80 -^- Agent - " M^'»
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD DAMIA^'A BITTERS. THB
-T Jf^E ♦ M^ xlcan remedy; gives health and
strength to tb* sexual organs. .v ..-.FIREWORKS AND FUN FOR THE BASTILE'S FALL.
The annual celebration of the Fall of the Bastlle, next to the Fourth of July, is the event of the year In San Frannsco. The French colony turns out
•en masse" and enjoys the occasion a? only Frenchmen can. The friends of the colony, whose name is legion, go to see and enjoy the carefully prepared
programme of unusual c \ episodes. To-morrow the one hundred and ninth anniversary of ♦ the freedom of France will be celebrated at
the Chute- I the pi - will be devoted to the Red Cross Bocietj
gramme is m .vent of this kind. Bennett's Exposition Band. Cassasa's Military Band and the lowa Regimental
Bar.'-! have volunteer rnon and evening. Judge Troutt. M. L. de Lalande, the French Consul, and A. Goustiaux the Greek Consul
will make short and pithy addresses in tl « and Miss Elena Roeckel, Mrs. Annis Montague Turner. L' Alamo Quartet and Press Club Quartet
win ' ■■' " and "The Marseillaise Hymn" will be sung as they have never been heard her.- before.
rk ~ wlll : - l!:P afternoon and at night there will be the greatest display of pyrotechnics ever offered in Pan Francisco. The
'. h i elebration, and In order to accommodate those who want to stay late, the electric cars will run all night.
A SHAME IN
MOLDY BRICK
Hall of Records a Hot
bed of Disease.
RAIN LEAKS FROM THE ROOF
LAST INVALID RAT DIED YEARS
AGO.
Recorder Glynn Calls Attention to
Dirt and an Annual Deficit
Which Will Go On.
Forever.
Recorder Glynn has called the attention
of the Supervisor? to that standing ahame
In brick and mortar known as the Hall of
Records.
In his annual report filed with the clerk
of the board yesterday he spoke of the
dirty and dilapidated condition of the
l.ui!ding In which the most important rec
ords of the city are stored, gathering mel
lowness and mildew as the years go by.
It is recorded among other things on li!e
in the hullding that the last rat died un- j
der the floor of pneumonia and green mold
five years ago. Mr. <;iynn begins his re
port very mildly, but he throws off the i
chill as he proceeds.
"This building lias never been cleaned or
rf-pairc-d since the .Ly the builders fin
ished work on it, over twenty years ago,"
)i': began. "The ] ■•.-:- cracked and in ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSULTING A WOMAN,
Mrs. Pinkham's Advice Inspires
Confidence and Hope.
Examination by a male physician is
a hard trial to a delicately organized
■woman.
She puts it off as long as she dare,
and is only driven to it by fear of can-
cer, polypus, or some dreadful ill.
*": Most frequently such a woman leaves
/.•'"Cv a physician's office
/Raiz&fir v whore she has un-
flß&aS* i* Rt dergone a critical
CKptT A-JI examination with
jjtjg ~?I an impression, more
/JiiSggggr or less, of discour-
&*^gnff£ ''%£ y*P~~^ agement.
f<: « V^V This condi-
■ ■
minddestroys
~'\ the effect of
Wlm^&%}Wm adrice and
j £?£s? she grows
t'CSi worse rather
than better. In consulting Mrs. Pink-
ham no hesitation need be felt, the
story is told to a woman and is wholly
Idential. Mrs. Pinkham's address
is Lynn, Mass., she offers sick women
her advice without charge.
Tier intimate knowledge of women's
troubles makes her letter of advice a
wellspring of hope, and her wide experi-
ence and skill point the way to health.
" I suffered with ovarian trouble for
Eevcn years, and no doctor knew what
Was the matter with me. I had spells
which would last for two days or more.
I thought I would try Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Comnound. I have
• taken seven bottles of it, and am en-
C tirely cured."— Josor Fokemax, 26
N. Woodberry Aye., Baltimore, Md.
The above letter from Mrs- Foreman
is only one of thousands.
! many places has fallen under the dome. i
The cement coating on the ext< r is
wi m away and is broken so much that
the rains c ime in."
Then he goes on to speak of "the filthy
and unwholesome odors that emanate
i from the worn out and broken hot air yen
; tilators, which are a constant menace to
! the health of 1 he • mi loyes of ''•..- public."
i To cap the climax, "the walls are dark
i with the duat and grime of years' stand-
Ing; and in such places a? ire withou the
r. itch of janitors and can only be reme
died by scaffolding and ainters."
But dirt Is not all the evil, for the report
makes the surprh but truthful asser
tion that 'there i e no method provided for
lighting the building on dark, cloudy daj a
and no means of hf-ating it during cold
weather. The Recorder's private rnce is
no tter that the rest of the building, be
ing stuffy from the presence of the dirty
and Id threadbare carpet that has seen
j years of service and the broken and ill
smelling ventilator that emits foul odors
and Bteam In clouds when an attempt ia
made to heat the room by means of it,
and the dirty walls and dilapidated cur- ;
tains."
According to the -report the building is
not only dirty, but it has a deficit of SS3OO
j for the fiscal year just ended. The Record
er explains In italicized rhetoric that this
deficit is the outcome of the first full
year's work under the provisions of the
county feo bill. He says that aa the
amount of the fees that may be collected
and the expenditures that may be incurred
are ■ iced by law, with the single exception
of that for stationery, there is no possi
bility of the annual work of the omce re
sulting ir. other than loss under the pres
ent system. He had cut the stationery
expense to the lowest figure- $1327 IS for
books, stationery, telephone service, news
papors. map draughting, etc. The expense
for folio clerks was $28,671 84, while but
I JCo.OOO was allowed for copyists' pay. The :
I report closed with an expression of regret
I that the matter had been brought so often
I t< the notice of the board In previous re
ports.
RUN OVER AND FATALLY HURT.
A Seven-Year-Old Boy Meets With a
Serious Accident.
Tpaar Barskey, a s^ven-year-old boy,
run river and probably fatally in
by a truck driven by J. T. Fell of
a Btreet yesterday. Pell brought
the boy to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that the lingers of the left
hand had been crushed. He also bore a
contusion over the eye, where the wheel
had grazed his head in its revolution.
r« !! claimed that the boy was stealing
a ride and Jumped off at Tenth and Fol-
Bom.
The distracted father of the boy visited
headquarters last night and report
er the boy was crossing th< street
when Injured: that besides the Injury to
hia hand. both lees were broken, and ho
bore black and blue marks about the body
■ !- : "l Bwelled considerably, cai
rabh pain and
He Inquin •! w :.•■•;.. r 1 ■
given himself up and stated that wlt
- Baw him ruij over the boy. y
Barskey is now at his home at 12t77 V
street.
Funds for Sick Soldiers.
A well-attended entertainment was
Klven last night at Mission Parlor Hall,
on Seventeenth Btreet, by Company G,
League of the ( r< ss, under the auspices
of Thomas Aquinas Reading Circle of St.
Peter's parish, the object beinp to raise
funds for the sick soldiers now in camp.
The music for this occasion was fur
nished by the Thirty-First lowa Volun
teer bund. Company G of the Leagrue
of the Cross s."ve an exhibition drill In
the hall, which was much appreciated by
the audience, after which there was the
following programme:
Medley. "North and South" (Bendix),
Fifty-first lowa Volunteer Regiment
band— George W. Landers, chief of musi
cians; drill. Company G, League of the
Cross Cadets, E. J. Power, • aptaln; mili
tary Bchottl: he, "Camp Merritt," lowa
band; melodies, selected, Tennessee quar
tet— A. Forbi • ttrsl tenor; V. M. Jack
son, second tenor; R. s. Coulter, first
bass: l. Jackson, second bass (Company
H. First Tennessee tnrantry, United
Bl tes Volunteers). Piano solo, Miss M.
Coonan; lancers, "Manila," lowa band;
tenor solo, Bel< cted, W. J. O'Brien;
Scotch fantasia; "Robert Bruce" (Bonnis
seau), lowa band; soprano bolo, selected.
Miss Annie Rooney; waltz, "America
Triumphant," band; barytone solo, aria
from "Rigoletto" (Yerdl), Charles Deane;
overture, "Poet and Peasant" (Suppe),
lowa band.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Annie S. Gordon has applied for a di
vorce from David Gordon on the ground
of failure to provide. Mrs. I. M. Roberts
lias sued her husband H. W. Roberts for
a divorce, alleging failure to provide as a
cause of action. Joan Bree has filed suit
fur a divorce from his wife Agnes Bree.
The plaintiff allec.es desertion as a causa
complaint. Suits fj|r divorce on the
ground of cruelty were Tiled by S. Mitchell
against L-illie Mitchell and Rebecca Clin
ton against William J. Clinton. Mrs. Kate
M. Petty Bled a suit for divorce from her
husband, Alexander L. Petty, a teamster
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
who resides !n the Mission. Mrs. Petty
• I er husband has treated hex
ver since their mar
she now seeks a divorce oh
that ground.
Committed to an Asylum.
Mr^. Mary Vanier, who resided at
'. ::. N< ss avenue, was
sylum for the insane
:<r Napa yesterday. It was Btated by wit
:.■ d at the examination of
Mr.~. Vanier before the Insanity Commis
y : hat she lost her reason
throuj ment of her husband.
SUPERVISORS ARE
PLANNING A COUP
MAY SURPRISE THE COUNTY
ASSESSOR.
How Mr. Dalton's Record in Not Tax
ing the Water Front May-
Prove a Boomerang.
OAKLAND. July 12.-The Supervisors
■ to spring a surprise on the County
A.-.- Bsor In a day or two.
The new assessment is being approved
by the friends of the Assessor largely on
the ground that he has placed the water
front property upon the roll. Thu Super
rs declare that the property should
.•i taken off the roll and
that the county has bc-en deprived •! thr<
taxation of the property by the un
warranted action of the Assessor.
The Supervisors as a county board of
n cannot collect taxes under
th< law for any period further back than
ear, and this they intend to do.
This will add many thousands of dollars
to the county's Income: Will H. Hawkett
wan put to work by the Supervisors to
day making a list of all the pieces <if
water fn>nt property that have es< aped
taxation since Assessor Dalton took of-
When the list is complete a resolu
tion will be introduced authorizing the
collection of taxes for the year lv.'iT.
When ex-Assessor Lsckie was in office
hf always assessed the water front, and
taxes have been paid on it for over thirty
years. The present Assessor struck it
from the rolis on the ground that it be
longed to the city, and kept it off for three
y.-ars. The decision of the- Supreme
Court rendered a year ago made it plain
that the property was largely owned by
the water front company, and this year
it is again assessed for $6007000.
STEAMER WRECKED ON
THE COLUMBIA RIVER
Passengers and Most of the Freight
Landed in Safety on the
Oregon Shore.
BONNBVILL.E, Or., July 12.-The river
steamer Regulator was wrecked on the
rocks ju.st below the cascades in the Co
lumbia River this afternoon while at
tempting to enter the Government loc-ks.
HH v i< had on board 160 passengers and a
amount of freight, Including Home
horses.
The passengers and most of the freight
were landed In safety on the Oregon
shore. Tl • gees were sent to tlu-ir
by rail.
(jwi::;.; to the high wind the boat was
driven from thi regular channel Into the
rapids, which at tiiis point are very dan.
.•re shr was wrecked on the
rocks. Shi submerged i:p to her
stateroom windows, but can be raised
with unless broken to pieces
by the high winds prevailing. Tups are
expe< ii d from Portland to commence
rais iiiK the steamer.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents for Inventors — Pensions for
War Veterans — New Postmaster
for Oceanside.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— Pacific Coast
I>at' ms were to-day issued as follows:
California— Thomas Beck, Watsonville,
fruit drier; Henry C. Betts, Middletown,
gate; Henry ML Burnett. San Francisco,
laying out or lining device; James 11.
Campbell, San Jose, penholder; "William
G. <'urtis, Han Francisco, joining railway
bars; Vanlnetttl Daniele. San Francisco,
mowing machine; Eben 11. Dyer, Alvar
; d •. boring implement for frozen earth;
J,-!rr.«'.s Hatch, San Francisco, shaping cut
ter; George 11. Johnson, Sisson, momen
tum v. : bucket; Waiter M. Jones,
Santa Monica, repair kit for single tube
bicycle tires; William H. Martin, Los
Angeles, car fender; Henry D. Morton,
San Francisco, express wagon; Maria
Pfening, Hanta Barbara, bjutter mold;
John Richards, San Francisco, centri
fugal pump; George Rischmuller, San
Francisco, station indicator; Clarence M.
1 Symonds, San Francisco, grocers' caddy;
Herbert C. and William A. Turner, San
Francisco, assignor to American Indi
cator Company, station indicator; Waller
J. Woodward, l.os Angeles, assignor to
JI. I. Woodward and others, wooden pipe;
c I. Woodworth, Stanford I'niver-
Blty, nit.-!:!,-;i combustion engine; John M.
Young, A!.imod;i. wrench.
Washington— Joseph Berry, Tacoma,
al kiln; Albvrt J. Forest, Seattle,
siiiiit: musical instrument; Frederick H.
Heath, Tacoma. suction dredge; John II. 1
K. ons, Seattle, screen for doors or win
dows; Adam W. Severance-, Walla •
Walla, eelf feeder for threshing ma
chines.
Pensions have heen granted as fallows: !
California— lssue of June 30. ISOS. con- I
tinued— lncrease Andrew J. White, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles. $6 to $S. Origi
nal widow, etc.— Rose Linne, San Jose,
i $8.
< irr-gor.— lncrease: Alexander Adams
Pendleton, $6 to $10.
! Washington — Increase: Thomas J.
Greene, ' >rtlng, $S to $12.
John M. JoTley was to-day appointed
postmaster at Oceanside. San Diego Coun
ty. Cal., vice H. K. H. w.^itzel, removed
Army orders: Private Wallace R. Wing
Light Battery I). Sixth ArtUlery, now
Bupposed to \«-- at Camp M.>rrit, San Fran
cisco, will be discharged from the service
of the United States by the commanding
officer of his station.
TWELVE-YEAR-OLD LAD
CHARGED WITH LARCENY
Assisted in Stealing Two Cows Be
longing to a Poor San Rafael
Woman.
SAN RAFAEL. July 12. - Howard
Boster, a lad only 12 years old, was
lodged behind the bars of the County Jail
i to-night with a charge of grand larceny
I against his name. Little Howard lives on
Pennsylvania avenue in South San Fran
; cisco, his father being night watchman in
I a sugar refinery. A few weeks ago the
boy came to San Rafael to visit his
I cousin, Mrs. Edward Butterworth. a poor
j woman who obtains a livelihood by sell
: ing milk. She had peveral cows, two of
I a particularly fine breed being picketed
together in a pasture.
The boy went back to the city and there
: met a young fellow namrd William Mc-
Carthy, living at 529 Flllmore street, to
whom he mentioned his cousin's cows.
j The lad says McCarthy at once stated !
i that he would steal the cows and agreed
that Howard should return to San Rafael
and tell him wlu-re they were. The plan
i was carried out. He was given 25 cents
to keep still about it.
This was three weeks ago. The hoy ■
acted peculiarly aft^r the cows disap- ,
; peared, and to-day the constable Bwore
| out a warrant for his arrest on a charge
of grand larceny and brought him here
from the metropolis. In his cell the
youngster seemed not to care for his ar- :
rest in the least. He related the story of
his crime very coolly and refused to say :
where the cows are now.
CHINESE RIOTS ASSUME
GRAVP PROPORTIONS
Several Cities in the Hands of the
Rebels — Hurrying Troops to
the Scenes.
LONDON, July 13.— According to a
dispatch to the Times from Wu Chau Fu
the rebellion in that district of China is i
assuming serious proportions. The cities
of Yung Shien, Pc Lien and llu Chuan
have fallen. The Triad Society is con
cerned in the movement. Troops are be-
Ing forwarded to the scenes of the dis- '
turbances.
A special dispatch from Shanghai says:
The leaders of the rebellion in the West
River region are men recently returned
from America. It is believed that the i
rising is a revival of the Taiping move- ;
ment, as the rebels carry Taiping ban- i
r.ers.
The Times, commenting 1 upon the dis
turi/.-irices in the West River district of
China, says: The rising Is of a moment
ous character, If the Triads who are
largely responsible for the great Taiping
rebellion retain their old vitality.
Orange Disorders in Ireland.
DUBLIN, July 12.— The celebration in !
connection with the anniversary of the !
battle of the Boyne were mSrked by the
■al of the Orange conflicts. At liel
n-day tho police and military sup-:
pressed several attempts at disorder.
uianj wore Injured. Similar disturbances .
took pki'-e at Donegal.
National Educators Adjourn.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— 1n the pres- I
ence of over 3000 persons, the majority of !
whom were delegates, the session of the
National Educational Association came to
a ,'.is" to-nierht. The ronvention was con- '
eluded by the vast assemblange rising in I
tneii seata and Btngins "America." ;
■ ♦ ■ ... ■ -v.;.
CAFE SrKECKELS, 15th floor, Call building,
has changed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Malson
de 1' Opera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with '
wine, 75c; dinner, with wine, }L
FUENTES IS
FULL OF FIRE
And Breathes Threats
Against Carrillo.
jMORE GUATEMALAN INTRIGUE ,
THE LOCAL CONSUL KNOWS OF
NO TROUBLE.
Humors of Impending Rebellion in
Central America Anticipating
the Presidential Elec
tion of August 6.
With the arrival of the Paclflo Mail
steamer from Central American ports
yesterday came rumors of impending re
bellion in the republic of Guatemala,
which has for years been the hotbed of
political intrigue.
The election for President of the repub
lic takes place on August 6, and the cam- ;
paign is being fought desperately by the
incumbent, President Cabrerra, and by
General Castellio. General Fuentes, who
left here but a short time since, is also
said to be a candidate. Cabrerra is
thought to have the best chances in the
elec tion.
He is not the most popular man with
the masses, as he is regarded as a. secnd I
Barrius, under whom he served as Vice
President, and whose policy of adminis
tration he has followed. His chances are
enhanced, as he has been promised, it is
affirmed, the support of General Fuentes,
which will Vie sufficient to turn the elec
tion in his favor.
Fuentes, ac-curding to his friends is
bitter against Consul Carrillo, who rep
resents Guatemala in this city. He is
: credited with the use of the folluwing
sizzling language:
"Tell that man Carrillo to beware, for
I am after him. Until 1 returned here I
did not appreciate tne full extent of the
injury he had expected to do me among
my people. But 1 will repay him as only
a soldier can. I predict that he will soon
be removed from his position in San
Francisco, and with his removal I pur
pose to destroy the influence of his busi
ness associates, who have so long wielded
such a power here and disgraced us \
abroad."
Fuentes declares that he is in a position
to demand hiuch consideration from Ca- ;
brerra. He intimates that his support in
I the Impending election will only be given
I upon certain conditions. One of these
1 will be. he says, the removal fr"rn office
of Carrillo. The latter does not fear the
power of Fuentes.
"There is no outbreak, no revolution in
Guatemala," said Consul Miguel Carr^o
last night. "Everything is quiet dov.'n
: there and all those stut'-ments are false
: and originate right here in this city. They
: are made by scoundrels who have been
trying to make trouble for me for a long
! time. They are men who seek my posi
tion and are doing everything to have me
removed.
"1 have no news regarding Fuentes. I
see no mention made of him as a candi- ;
date for the presidency. The only names
mentioned are those of Cabrerra. who has i
held the offi>e since the death of Barrios,
and General Castiuio. Up to the time the
: steamer left there had been no disturb
ances, no signs of a political uprising or
rebellion. It Is all nonsense; stupid:
"About every fortnight an attack of this
' character is launched at me, but it never
amounts to anything. I often met Fuen
, tes when he was h^re, but he never at
tacked me then. He dare not; nor would '
i I permit any man to do so. Ts'ow he is far
, away, perhaps he says these things.
'■\Vhy did he not say them in my pres
: enoe?
"They surely originate with scoundrels
in this city and I do not fear them nor
rare what they say. I would be informed
if Guatemala was again on the verge of
rebellion, so I say there is no truth in the
; story." _^_^___________
CLAIMS AN EIGHTH
OF ALL SAN RAFAEL
Duncan McNee Files Suit for Posses
sion of a Strip of Land in
the Marin Town.
SAX RAFAEL. July 12.-Duncan Mc-
Nee, who signs himself "secretary of the
Collateral Savings Union, of San Fran
dsco," late this afternoon filed a suit
that, if won. would give him possession of
about one-eighth of the whole town prop
erty, roughly valued at $100,000.
In 1873 the United States Congress gave
Judge A.my in trust for the citizens of
San Rafael a tract of land known as the
San Rafael Township site. South of this
was the Ranclio Punta de Quentin and
State tide lands. Between this rtincho
and the township site the surveyors in
laying off the land, left a strip about 300
feet wide and a mile long. A great many
people settled on this, some having occu
pied it for thirty-five years.
McNee now claims this property and
asks the court to eject all the occupants
now in possession. His suit Involves the
Northern Pacific Coast Railway depot and
the right of way for a considerable dis
tance of its track, the land nwnwl l>y the
Hanson & Lund Lumber Company, the
property of City Trustee William Magee,
all of Mrs. Catherine Magnln's cottages
and the houses and lots of Joseph Hoxie,
L. Smith, William Mulcahey and about
fifty other well-known citizens.
PROBABLY FATAL FALL
OVER A PRECIPICE
San Francisco Society Young Woman
Hurled From a Cliff Near
Sausalito.
SAUSALITO. July 12.— Miss Julia Taut
phaus of 1539 California street fell a dis
tance of forty feet over a cliff last even-
Ing, striking on the jagged rocks lining
the hay shore. It is believed that her in-
Juriea will prove fatal.
Miss Tautphaus, who Is well known in
San Francisco society, came to Sausalito
recently to spe: 1 the summer and was liv
ing with Mrs. Miies. ihe young people
of me household and several friends gave
a picnic In her honor on the hill south
of Torpedo station yesterday. A few
were sitting on a log near the edge of
a precipice, when in some manner the log
tilted and threw the unfortunate girl over
the cliff, t.ie lay unconscious on the
rocks beneath until the screams of her
companions attracted some fishermen to
the scene. With the assistance of several
gentlemen of the party they rescued the i
insensible girl from her perilous position.
Dr, Mays was summoned. An examina
tion showed that Miss Tautphaus had
sustained the fracture of a rib and many
contusions, and was perTiaps injured in
ternally. She was taken to Mrs. Miles'
house. Her left side Is wholly paralyzed.
FLOATING DOCKS WANTED.
Navy Department Calls for Bids for
Two Structures.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— The Navy De
partment to-day asked for bids for two
floating docks, the two to cost not exceed
ing $250,000, as recently provided by Con
gress. Chief Endicott of the Bureau of ,
Y ;u us and Docks has been very anxious
to get some of these floating structures
in order to send thorn down to the Gulf
and possibly to Cuba, where our cruisers,
gunboats and auxiliary craft could be
docked in them without the necessity of
sending the ships to northern dorks.
There are a number of floating ducks in
view, and it is expected that two of these !
will be secured under the bids asked to
day, without? waiting for the long time
necessary to build the structures.
Where Is Thomas O'Brien?
SAN RAFAEL. July 12 .— Thomas i
O'Brien, a local butcher who ceased doing j
business a few days ago, left here Friday .
and ha ■ noi been seen Bine*. His wife i* !
nearly distracted and says that on leaving ,
her nusbiind had about Slot) in his pock
ets. William Dunn, a metropolitan saloon- i
keeper has asserted that he intrusteu i
O'Brien with $45 to pay bills here, which I
money is alleged to have never been paid. J
ADVEJBTISEMEXT".
B -■-■-■-■-■-■- b-■-■-■b -■-■-■- B— B-fl— B-B-B-B-B— B
; TO-DAY'S ;
I I
■ FIRE SALE SPEGIALS ■
B B
B ... I3ST ... ; • i
I yj TTT/^ "ffV '
: CLOAKS and DRESS GOODS!:
I , I
■ B
| — I
a No careful buyer can afford to miss TO-DAY'S SPECIALS at our great sale f
■ of the SIMINOFF CLOAK FACTORY STOCK of Fire, Smoke and Water Damaged B
i Cloaks, Suits and Cloak and Dress Materials, for the DAMAGE TO THE LINES OF- H
■ FERED IS MERELY NOMINAL, and the goods would be I
J BIG BARGAINS. AT DOUBLE THESE PRICES ! 1
i colored"dress goods ! J
T2K f 74 pieces 48-INCH ALL-WOOL DIAGONAL NAVY SERGE. ¥
T * yJ *' extra good value for 50c a yard, on special sale at 25c a yard, n
| OtZ r 42 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL HEAVY HEATHER MIXED 1
rj J^V# SUITING, in tan and gray effects, regular price 51 a yard; "T
| . will be offered at 35c a yard. _
at ■
| 7*sp 3S pieces^ 58-INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH TWEED SUITING, '
q ■ new "mixtures, former price 51 50 a yard; on special sale at y
j 75c a yard. •
| 7^C 29 nieces 56-INCH FINE ALL - WOOL ENGLISH MELTON I
g / yJV, SUITING, extra value for 51 50 a yard; will be offered at 75c H
| a yard. . i
a H
I 7CJ r 31 pieces 52-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL BROWN MIXED COY- I
Q /Jt ERT CLOTH, summer colorings, worth 51 50 a yard; on spe- O
| cial sale at 75c a yard. !
g !3
I <£l (\(\ 22 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL BROWN MIXED COVERT '
Q vjsl»W SUITING, extra value for 51 75 a yard, will be offered at H
| 51 a yard. —
B I
I <tl f)(\ 19 pieces 56-INCH ALL-WOOL BRONZE GREEN LADIES' m
|Jj vJJI.W CLOTH, worth $1 75 a yard; on special sale at $1 a yard. ™
I S3
U 7 27 P ieces "'4-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL BLUE MIXED COVERT |
I / v-»C SUITING, extra value for $1 25 a yard; on special sale at 75c fl
p a yard. |
' LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS I ?
■ QP*r LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, m
| -*^' lined with percaline and bound with velvet; worth 51 50; ,
B sale price 95c each. '
B <&| LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS. '
| vJJI.vJV double lined and bound with velvet; worth $2 50; sale ™
B price 51 50 each. I
i B
B <LA CA LADIES' MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes. I
I T»v-»vF double lined and bound with velvet; worth 56 50; sale fl
■ price 54 50 each. |
B
■ <lifi (\(\ LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined |
| ip\J»\J\J jth silk and bound with velvet; worth $10; sale price 56 B
B each. J
S LADIES' SUITS ! I
j i i
■ CC OO LADIES' SUITS, in brown mixtures, fly front jackets, lined P
| «PsJ. w jth silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with vel- JL
B vet; worth 510; sale price 55 each. W
I * I
i B Cfi A • LADIES' NAVY BLUE SERGE SUITS, fly front jackets. ■•
| •Pvf.^v/ bound with mohair braid and lined with silk serge, skirts i.
fl double lined and bound with velvet; worth 512 50; sale W
| price 56 50 each. . JL
B C 7 K(\ LADIES' BROWN CHEVIOT SUITS, fly front jackets, 1
i ' vJJ I .v^vr handsomely trimmed with braid and lined with silk serge, *?
■ skirts double lined and bound with velvet; worth 515; sale _L
i price 57 50 each. ■
T LADIES' CAPES! I
B . |
I 4i4. AA LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes fl
;fl «4> ■•W trimmed with lace, necks finished with lace and silk; i
I jvorth $7 50; sale price 54 each. • n
B l/lf Murphy Building-, *
■ Mariet and Jones Streets.
■-■--■-■-■-■-■■■■-■- a- n-D
CARDINAL GIBBONS
AIDS THE PRESIDENT
He Calls Upon Catholics to "Unite in
Thanksgiving for Our Victory
at Santiago.
BALTIMORE, July 12.— Cardinal Gib
bons has prepared a circular to be read in
the Roman Catholic churches on Sunday
morning, which is Intended to carry out
th<j suggestion made by President McKln
ley that the people of the land unite In
giving thanks for the victory of tHu
American fleet oft" Santiago.
The cardinal's letter calls upon the peo
ple tn return thanks to Almighty God for
Ilis blessings upon the arms of tliis land
in the conflict with the Spanish fleet, for
the victory achieved and for the es.-ape of
the Americans with comparatively no
loss.
The circular further asks that prayers
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Successful Physicians.
"San Francisco can boast of something e!se besides climate, a
beautiful and prosperous city, a rich surrounding country and a happy
people," said an Eastern tourist who came to the Coast for his health.
"The English and German Expert Specialists, located here," he con-
( tinued, "have cured me of con-
Hirzrr:ngTrrr.'.rrtfT rijcSSu-^^r^r?-?^ sumption, rheumatism and chronic
SS^S^SS^SBBgg^^^^BMj stomach troubles, all inside of
t?^^P^^y^4*l^PßS3| four months. They are a valu-
r~l -^~^~^^^^^-^'~~^2=^ acquisition to any commu-
a^^'gtefeSi^Sfe nity;>
bqg^^jg^^^Hfa ,^*H V|t ' s by making such difficult
R : l^^g^^ ata Hrj^Sa tt cures that the. five physicians re-
Cgi ;i^ j±^SiHT2!:g|EZ2! S ferred to have made their repu-
jrjrj- -^S _^_:^^l *"" jßl** S , tations and have built up a great
fe^gSpF^^^^^^Tram I and successful institution for treat-
B : ■^ ~' b"^-'---T — r --—^a tffifjfo*^ ing all manner of chronic diseases.
f^S"!' l Srl^'i^ S[^ rvr- ac^ mem 3er of the staff is a
tetSsi-^^'ti^=Eili3dl specialist with many years' expe-
L»y>t<rf>**- .. " ■' ~^ •*f—± rience and special training. They
all consult when a cure is under-
taken, thus giving the patient the benefit of the knowledge of .five
physicians without any additional cost to the patient.
NO CHARGE FOR ADVICE
At office or by mail. Free book for men or women and symptom, blanks
sent, sealed, to all who apply.
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Marlpf $trt>(>t 'sin Franricrn i HOURS— B to 12, Ito 5. daily ;
i3i niarhei iireei, aan rrancisco.j evenings, 7 to 8? sunday»,9toii.
[/ If Murphy Building:, £ H
Mariet an! Jones Streets. ■
-H-H-H-B-B-B-a-B-B-B-B
' be said for an early and bloodless end to
the war.
The cardinal also directs in his letter
i that certain prayers be said by the clergy
■ at this service for the blessings of God. ""
•1 ' •
Fisnermen Drowned.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. July 12.—
; The tup Mystic, while towing ten Bshing
'■■ boats and scows with a total of Beventy
five men 0:1 board to Roche Harbor, en
: countered a severe gale. The ( « Ineq
broke and the boats drifted helplessly in
: the straits while seas swepi ovui the
siows. ruining the fishermen's outfits.
: All but thr<e of the boats were recovered.
| Two fishermen are missing. They were
probably drowned.
To Restore Public Order in Italy.
ROME. July 12.— The Chamber of Depu
■ ties to-day, after several days' discussion,
; adopted the Government's measures to re-
Btore public order in their entirety by a
: vote of 17 to 37. The House then adjourned.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY or the market.
Silver unchanged.
Whent nenk. Barley In better demand.
Oats lower. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay tirm and In good demand.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans Bteadlly held, but dull.
No change In Seeds.
Cop.l firm.
Eastern. Apple crop short.
potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter in good supply.
Ranch Eggs firm. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry steady.
Peaches, Plums and Apricots firm.
Dried fruit dull.
Provisions Inactive.
W •■ I, Hides and Hops unchanged.
3!.'Ps< weaker. Other meats unohanga4.
Merchandise quotations unaltered.
WKATHER REPORT.
(110 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 12. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka 58; Red Bluff. 93: Sacramento. 92;
Fresm 104: Independence, 92; Ban Luis i iblspo,
60; lx)s Angeles. 88; San Diego, 76; Yuma. 110.
San Francisco temperature Maximum, oi;
minimum, 49; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of low pressure overlies Western
Idaho, Eastern Washington and Eaatern Ore
gon. An area of high pressure lies off the
mast of Washington on Vancouver Island. The
pressure has risen during the past twenty-four
urs over the northern half of the Pacific
Slope.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Montana and risen over Utah and Northern
Arizona. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are trom 3 to 9 degrees above the
ii irmal.
Thunder storms occurred at Idaho Falls. Salt
Lake City and without rain at Independence.
A maximum wind velo.-ity of 26 miles per
hour from the west Is repi rted at Carson City.
F< recasts made al r=an Francisco for thirty
h<-urs ending midnight. July 13, 1593:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday.
Utah-j-Cloudy Wednesdaj'. with showers early
Wednesday morn
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
Pan Fnr.. . and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
nt E p. m.— ear; wind west, 12 miles per
h. ur; temperature. 71; maximum. 75.
ALEXANDER McAPIE,
I. ical Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW rORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July There was a notable
disparity again in tht> activity ol the bond
and slock market, the volume of transactions
in the bond market tlnuing in a very large
tw-alp while the stock market was dull through- !
out. In ihe early trading Alchison preferred j
continued conspicuous. The buying was at I
tributed to the same interest which took this j
stock yesterday. There was no purpose to ad- I
vance the stock, but all offerings were well
absorbed. London sold quite heavily ol this
ptock and a few others ight ther inter
national stocks. The buj g of th< Atchison
adjustments continued u.s confidently or.d as
aggressively as yesterday and led the very
noiable action in the b.ind movement. The
price sold \ off from the top on traders realiz
ing, but the buyli movement maintained Us
force at ihe decline. The demand for Atchi
gon preferred diminished before the close, thus
removing the only movement of positive i
strength in the stock list, which dropped on a
small volume of business. The declines wen •
most conspicuous in the st ka which were I
advanced under manipulation last week, nota- I
b:y Omaha and Northwest. There Is an effor
to explain the diversion of speculative activity ;
from the st ck market Inl the ■ nd market
on the ground that the new revenue law pro- I
vides no tax on the sale of bunds although
stock sales are taxed it the rate of $2 per
hundred shnres. This small tax does In fact
loom up large in the eyes of the professional
traders who buy and seil stocks for a small
fractional turn on the floor of the exchange.
Hut thl class of transactions Lkes ui> but
a small proportion of the total in an active
market. A movement in bonds upon which
Interest payments are contingent upon earn- ;
lnga is not unusual as a preliminary to stocks
that have claims ahead.
A large proportion ■•' th<" c]<»a;incrs> to-day
vras In this clasi of bonds variously deslg
nated as Income and adjustment bonds. Ther
was also an active demand for newly issued |
bonds of recognized companies which are held
In large amounts by underwriting syndicate
and still unabsorbed by small Investors, There
was Bome.'proflt taking In these speculativ
Issues involving slight recessions from top j
prices, hut net gains of from 1 to 4 points
were left in a number of cases. Total sales
$5,500,000. There was no change In the quota
tions for Government bonds.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 245.000
phares. Including 6620 Atchison. 45.370 Atchison
preferred. 6305 Burlington, 4<*ss Illinois • ntra
lS.ir.2 Manhattan. 3MM Heading preferre : r»r,2o
Miss url Pacific. 44ny Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 3.'77 Hock Island. 9915 St Paul, 3500 St.
Paul and Omaha. 3230 Southern preferred. 9000
Union Pacific preferred, 3750 Union Pacific |
I>. and G.. 1?."") Tobacco. 26,170 Sugai 4.570
Leather preferred, 5572 Rubber.
CLOSING BTOCKB.
Atchison 13%,5t P * Om 83
Do prefd 35' i Do prefd 150
Baltlm re & Ohio 14% 3t P M A M 150
Canada Pacii .. 834 ">o Pacific -•''
Canada uthern. 54 So Railway — *N
Central Pacific .. 13 -. Do urefd 21%
' dies & Ohio 23V» Texas & Pacific 124
Chi & Mton 180 L'nton Pacific ... 61'n
Chi It & U 106* U P D & 0 7M, |
Chi & E 111 B7H Wabash 7V*
" C C & Si L..... 42V4 Do prefd 1?4 !
Do prefd l>C i 2i 2 Wheel &L. E I>4 |
Del & Hudson... 106 Do prefd &4
Del L & W 156 Express Companies—
Den & R G 12 Adamti Xx l"0
Do prefd 49% I American F.x . 12S
Erie mew) fnlted States .... 40
Do Ist prefd 35=H, jsVeiis Fargo US
Fort Wayne 170 ' Miscellaneous—
it Nor prefd 12S'*!a. Cot on 204
Hocking Valley... 0% 1 Do prefd 74V 4
Illinois Central .. 110N Amn Spirits 13«- 4
Lake Erie & \\\. U\\ Do prefd 36
Do prefd fi'vAm Tobacco 114
Laxe SW re 189 | Do prefd 125
Louli & Nash... 54 People's ''.as 99\i
Manhattan L lo7\Cons (las 197
M'-t St Ky i'-'^ 'nm <"abl<> Co . 17'">
Mich Centra) .... 106 Col F A- Iron. 214
Minn & St 1,.... 2S I Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... M • Sen Electric. S'Ji-i
Mo Pacific 2C<>, Illinois Steel .. 56\ i
Mobile <-.■ 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas ... 494
Mo X & T 11' Lead 31 3 i
Do prefd 35 Do prefd 1074
Chi Ind & L,.... '■■% N'nt Lin Oil .. 154
Dc pre.'d 30 " ■•• Iflc Mall 23
X J Central 90 Pullman Palace... 2W4
N" V Central ll L Silver Certificate 59
N y Chl 6 St L. 14 Stand H & T.... ~>V<
Do Ist prefd.... 70 Sugar 134' i
Po 2d prefd.... ?.G Do prefd 114
Nor West 14* i T <■ * Iron 25
N Amer Co 6 » IT S I,<\i!her 74
No Pacific. T.'\ Do prefd 67
po prefd "OH t; S Rubber 27
Ontario & \V.... 14' i Do prefd 91%
Or X & Nay 4S West T nlon 93
Or Short I>lne 2S Z & N W 128^4
Plttsburg 170 Do prefd 171
Reading l""4,St L & SW 5V4
Do Ist prefd — 42% j Do prefd 11H
Rock [sland ... P6Vi,R <". W 28 V4
St Louis & S F.. 7H Do prefd 65
Do Ist prrfd.... fil'i "hi C, W 14'<.
Do 2d prefd.... -''« law Com Co "It
Et Paul 99T4 Rrooklyn X T 55<1&
Do prefd . Wi Union Pacific ... 24%
C LOS I N Q BONDS.
D S new 4s reg.. 124 N" .1 Css 112
I>n coup 124VJ N'orthwstrn cons. 125
U s 4? llOVi, Do 4.». 102
Do coup lio-% \*o Pac Ists 112'^
Do 2ds 95 Do 3s 63S
i; S 6s reg 112>i Do 4s »8
Do 5s COUP .... 117', \" V C A- St L 4s. 10C%
Distr^J 3.65s ll'i Nor ft W 6s 1224
Ala "-s A 1074 N'orthwptrn cons. 14!
po i* 100 Do deb 5s lICU
Do C 90 ) Nay lsts.... 111
l>.i Currency ... SO v Nay 4s 96%
Atchison 4s r, 0 R l.in- 6s tr.... 1264
Do «dj 4s 71 3 s I,lne 5b tr.... 1044
"an Bo 2ds 109 Pacific 6s of '■' . I"l>.
""hi Term 4s W! Reading 4s S2"i
2 & ihlo r.s 114% 11 G W lsts .. S9^i
2 H ft P 4'is 104% 3t t.'&.I.M C .*«. 97
D & R O Ists ... 10S Ut 1. & s F G 6a. US
D ,v I! G 4s 93% Bt P Con 143
East Term lsta.. 10S St PC & P lsts. 117^
3en Elec 5s 1"4 Do Es 1!"
r W ft D Ists tr. 7.">H .->o Railway ■;\
sen Elec 4s 74. -=i.-in'l R & T 65.. 72
3 11 ASA 6s 108 renn new pet 35.. 914
Do 2dR 102 Tex Pac L O Ists. 10G
H ,v T C *-s IK' Do Hit 2<l» 4:t4"
I>, con r,* ill L T nlon Pacific 45.. 9(J 1'»1 '»
lowa C Isu I'l i" Pl» A G lsts.. 654
(m. new cons 45.. ion vvab i"t 5s HOVi
I. ,'. N Unl 45.... SSViI Do 2<3s 87
Missouri 6s 100 'w Shore 4s ',■■■.
M X & T 2ds 6fi>i V'a OnturieH .... 7.\
r> 4s W'ij Do deferred ... 4
. S V Central Ist*. US I
MINING STOCKS. •. . .
Choiiar 16 lOmarlo 2 CO
Crown Point 04 Ophlr -.15
Con Cal ft, Va.... 15 .Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 .Quicksilver 1 00
Qould i< Curry... or.i Do prefd 2 00
Hale & Xorcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homestake 45 00 'Standard 1 .'..".
rr>>ri f- liver union Con 10
Moxican o.'. .Yellow Jacket ... 07
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— IWestlnghouse El. 24
Call lonns 2 02% Do prefd f.34
rime loans i%(u\ 'Boston El 674
Stocks— i: F. El 154
A T & S F 13*4 Sen Electric 94
Amer Sugar 134 AtchlFon prefd .. 35H
Do prefd 11Z% t Do 4s 93%
Bay State Gas.... ll%|New England 65.. 1 "' ■ |
Bell Telephone.... 214 Wls Central lsts.. 45% j
Boston & Albany. 2-4 i .Mining harles—
Boston & Me 162 Allouez Mm 0... 4Vj ,
_'hi B & Q 45% Ulanttc 2T
Fitohhurg 94% Boston & Mont... 207
T.en Electric 34% Butte & Boston.. 24
Illinois Steel 57 Calumet & Hecla. r>7o
Mexican <'entral.. 5 'entennlal Mis ;
NY & N Eng 95 Franklin 12
Ud Colony 192 Dsceola 45
•>r Short Line 28 Qulncy IM4
Rubber .... 27 ramarack lno
L'nlon Pacific .... 24>4 IWolverlne 23*s
West End S5 iParrott 23
Do prefd 105 lOld Dominion — 22"
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The settle
mrnt engages attention here to-day to the
detriment of new business. Prices were more
irregulur but the undertone was good.
In Americans thr chief movement was in
Atchison fssues, which were bought on divi
dend expectations. Other American Btock
showed no Important changes, some being up
and others down.
Spanish 4s have risen to 36, the resignatlo
of the ministry being regarded as foreshadow
ing peace Grank Trunk and other Canada
stocks remained flat.
The rate on Americans at the settlement was
about 3 per cent and tending downward. Mil
waukee and St. Paul was carried over at 1
per cent.
The India rupee loan of £1.200,000 Is a great
success, the tenders having reached about £22,
000,000.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 86; Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar
Silver, steady, 27»4<J per ounce. Money. V«@V4
per cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 36.
PARIS. July — Spanish 4s closed at 38.
MADRID. July 12.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 57.76. Gold was quoted at 72.76.
NEW YORK GRAIN* AND PRODUCE.
NEW ' YORK— 12.— FLOrR-R*eelr<t«
13.555 barrels; exports, 24,621. Dull, but steady
with late rise In wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2925 bushels; exports,
211,70(1. No. 2 red. 90c f. o. b. afloat, expor
grade; 88c elevator. Options opened easy, and
most of the day were guided by crop advices
ar.d the new crop movement Inducing Bhor
operations. Finally, however, on big expor
level pments, prices rallied sharply and ci.'se
only ',')!>■ below last night; No. 2 red Jul.
£04<Jf814e, closed Sl4c; September, 72%<iT73V4e,
closed 72 7 fcC.
HOPS— Steady.
WO( >I/— lnactive.
METALS- The recent sho-w of steadiness Is
gradually being su-^lemented by easier feeling,
and prices show a slight downward tendency.
At the close to-day the Metal Exchange
1 ailed:
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet at $6 50 bid an
$6 60 asked.
LAKE COPPER Quiet, with $11 73 bid an
$11 87H asked
TIN -Quiet, with $15 65 bid and $15 65 asked
SPELTER Dull and nominal, with $4 60 bid
and $4 65 aske 1. \
LEAD- Easier, with $3 974 bid and $4 024
asked. The firm naming the Bottling price
for lead from West< m miners and smelters |
quoted lead at $3 SO.
COFFEE— Options closed stagnant nnd un
changed from yesterday. Sale?, 12.5nn bags.
Including September $5 65. Spot Coffee— Rio
dull, nominal; No. 7 invoice, i^o: No. 7 Job
bing. f.%c. Mild, inactive. Cordova, 543 15e.
11 at %S firmly held: fair refining. 34c;
sFFEE— Options closed stagnant nnd un- ;
br>ns.
uding Septemi Si ' 1 Itee Ri ■
lal; No. 7 Invoice, •'■■*•■. N ■ 7 ; b
- BHc. Mil I. Inactive < "or 1 1
'GAR Raw, firmly held: fair refining, 3'jc:
rlfugal, 96 test. 4'sc Refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 16.291 packages Firm;
Western creamery, 13 1 5'317c; Elglns, 17c; fac- j
tory. 111J12'' c.
EG(?S— Receipts. M>l packages. Firm; Perm- I
sylvania, 12';13c; Western. I3<pl4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 12.— California Dried
Fruits quiet but firmly active.
EVAPORATED APPLES -Common, fi<?Sc:
prime wire tray, S4c; choice, $\>g9c; fancy,
' PRUNES— 4<gSc. APPLES Common, 6-5 So:
ne wire tray, . V V: choici . fancy,
PRICOTS Royal, R4@loc; Moorpark 10®
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Sc; peeled. 12@16c
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Beautiful weather every
where with Its prospect of permitting thresh
ing operations and increasing the movement of
the new crop caused a bearish feeling In ,
wheat at the start. Later New York wirea
that exporters had taken over 300,000 bushels
there for export and prices hail a short-lived
rally. Bradstreet's statement, which was ex
pected to be bullish; proved n disappointment,
This, together with heavy foreign market.*,
started some gem . • King. The market had
a sudden recovery n-ar the close, when it was i
reported that millers at Minneapolis and Dv- !
luth had bought 600.000 bushels of th- wheat I
held in store there at from SBc to 89c. The |
arrivals of new wheat are increasing and I
promise to b» very large next w«»k. Chicago
receipts were forty cars, thirty-one of which
were new. July closed l*4c I iwer and Sep
tember lost '-<'■
Improved crop reports and lower cables
caused liquidation by longs at th» start it. *
corn. Th>- loss was more than r vered later
on shorts lying to secure profits on weak
spots. -•■: tember Ili Bed *»o higher.
Fluctuations In wheat and corn lnfluei c
oats, ptembei losing %c.
Provisions were givt-n a tlrm opening on hog
receipts below expectal - ■■<■', an advance 01
:,c In prices. The closing prices were ih» t.-<v
of the day. Pork gained 20c and lard and ribs
10c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
September'!"."!'.!" 5Vt 6S't 67H '"••■.
December 67!» 67?* 67% 67»i
Corn No. 2—2 — 31% 3V-, 3\\ 31-4,
September .......... 32 r.2>, t 31% 32V
December 324 32% 32V, 22\
July ".'..*...'. 22*', 22% 22% 22%
Beptember 19% 19% 13-S li lo '.
May 22% 22% 22 22V»
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July '.' 574 9 97V4 9 874 9 97H
September 993 10 12Vi 990 101241
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September "55 6 62H 655 5 624
October 6 62*4 6 G74 5 624 f 67,*
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs
September 560 " 674 660 5 674
October 570 I
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour. 1
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, old 75c; No. 3
Spring Wheat, old, 78(@'S4c; No. 2 Red. 7Sc; No.
2 Corn. CiV: No. 2 Oats, 23 l i*i24e; No. !
White, 28Vq27c: No. 3 White, zV<?26c; No. 2
Rye, 45^@46c; No. 2 Barley, 314?35c; No. 1
Flaxseed. $1 ) : v. Prime Timothj Seed, $2 r.3-
Mess Pork, per bbl, $lf>flio 1 '.. Lard, per ICfl
lbs, $5SG@5E2ty; Short Ribs, sides (loose); 15 40
©5 60; Dry Salted Shoulders (hox°d), 4%@4%c; i
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 95(56 15.
Article*— Receipts. Shipments I
Flour. bblß 9,400 5.100
heat, bu 10,400 4i»'
Corn, bu ir<6.;oo 421.700
Oats, bu 215,200 117!oOO
ye, bu 700
Barley, bu 3.700 1,100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm Creameries, l3V£@l6c; Dairies
lli&13c; Eggs, tlrm: fresh, '■-..<-.
WHEAT »VEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bush Ms. Bushels.
Minneapolis 23.200 26. MW
Duhith 2,363 £,6*421; '
Milwaukee 3.250
hlcago 10.450 \u
Toledo 21,783 5,000
St. Louis 2",,0r») 40 COO
Dftrnit 4.45S 498
ansas City 25.500 16.500
Totals 119,034 143,351
Tidewater—
Boston 13,943 j
New York 523 211,701
Philadelphia 49s
Baltimore 21,723
ew Orleans
'"
alveston ......!
Totals I
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
penlng "4 50 41 33
losing 54 25 M 00
Opening 25 00 2130
Closing 24 SO 2120'
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec
Opening ""5 U* fi Si
Closing 6 71* 5 ll?i C st^
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 12.— CATTLE— Ruled steady,
averaging a trifle higher. Choice steers. $5© |
5 33; medium, $4 Es(g I 7."; beef steers, $4 10® j
4 • >0; Btockers and feeders, $] 50<fi4 75; bulls. i
$3«4 20; cows and heifers, $3 20®4; calves. $3 SO
@7 00.
HOGS— Were strong, Be higher. Fair to
holce, $3 8704; packers. $3 78@3 86; butchers,
$3 MX33 &5; mixed, $3 75^3 92; lights, $3 70^3 9.';
pics. $3 50(63 55.
BHEEP— in good demand at the recent '
advance. Prime Sheep, $.r,!jfs. r ,!jfs 23; culls, $2 50@
3 50; Westerns. $3 7.V</ 4 75; rams. $2 25£3 75;
ewes, $3 20©3 r.O; rhoic» lambH. ic,'<\c, 30.
Receipts— 3r.ou; Hogs, 23,000; Sheep,
9000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. July 12.— CATTLE-Recelpts.,
6000. Best grades strong to 10c higher; others
steady; native steers, $4 25#5 25; cows and
heiferx, J2 6504 70; Btockers and feeders, $3 250
5; bulls, $2 50(54.
'HOG&-Recetpts, 16,000. Market steady to
strong: bulk of sales. $3 M<a3 85; heavy, $3 75(JJ)
3 9:.; packers, $3 60Q3 86; mixed, $3 5503 80;
lights. $3 50@3 66; Yorkers, $3 60@3 65; pigs.
$3 23Q3 55.
Sheep— Racelpts, 2000. Market firm; lambs.
$2 50@6; muttons, $2 50<f?4 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, July 12.— CATTLE— 2800.
Market steady; native beef steers, $4 10ifr5;
Western Steers, $3 90@4 50; cows and heifers,
%Z 50ff4 40; stockers and feeders, $3 50(i?4 SO;
calves, $4 60{i6 50; bulls and stags, $31i4 10
HOGS— Receipts, 8800. Market was a shade
stronger; heavy, $3 72@3 SO; mixed. $3 72@J 75;
light. $3 70(53 75; bulk of sales, $3 72%@3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market steady; fair
Inll.BiiMi ■ ■■■■■■■■■■ Hi m miIB 1 * "I ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
to choice natives, $3 BO@4 60: fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 30; lambs, $4 25<?f6.
DENVER.
DENVER, July 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1800.
Market steady to strong; beef steers, $454 70;
cows $3?>4 26; feeders, freight paid to river,
M'-;4 85; stockers, freight paid to river, $4 10®
5 00; bulls and stags, $2ff4 2."..
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market steady to quiet;
light packers. $3 50&3 60; mixed. $3 60<g3 70;
heavy, $3 5603 7".
SHEEP— Receipts, 300. Market steady; good
fat muttons, $3 4(K?4 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. July 12.— Following California
auctioned to-day: Pears— Bartletts, jl 65@2 60
box. Prunes- Tragedys, $1 05®l 50 single crate.
Plums— Peach, $13:. Bingle crate; Washington,
■1 25; Abundance, $1 20; Columbia. SI 06. Cher
ries Dewey, $130 box; Royal Annes, 30@i5c;
Repul lican 80c. Throe cars sold.
NEW V'ORK, July 12.— California fruit sold
at auction to-day: Pears— Bartletts, $1 SS(J2 55
box; $1 05©] 35 half box and $1 25 single crate.
Plums— California reds. $1 10(51 60 jingle crate;
Burbanks, 40i"jiJl 50; peach. SOcf?sl 55; Wash
ington* Jl 40; Katsumas, $1 0501 IB; Bradshaws,
90c Vbundanoe, 40@90c; Royal Hetlves. 7o@Bßc.
Prunes Tragedys, ?r.<- a $1 4.'. single crate. Cher
riei -Rej üblicans, 65c®$1 60 box; Royal Annes,
50c<R$1 15; fancy. |1; Blgereaus, 85c. Peaches-
Deckers 70c@Jl 25 box; ("rawfords, 60c^$li.<n;
Fosters. 90ci Bale's Early. 50® 96c; St. Johns,
S'tV.'.'.c per bos and 40@65c single crate Aprl
■ ".ovals, ir.fGSl single crate. FiRS-Black,
C.v box. Twelve ears sold.
PHILADELPHIA, July 12.— Karl Fruit Com
pany's auction sales of California fruit: Trag
edy Pmnes-sigi 35; average, $1 17. Bartlett
Pears «H 65@2 lv; average, $1 94. Plums—
Peach BOcffiTi 65; average. $1 SO; Hurbank, $1 U
@1 40; average. »1 29; o K on, $1 U«ijl 40; aver
age. Jl 16: Walling. $1 03; Botan. 95c«i$l 50;
average, VI 22jf Peaehes-Hale's Early, 45@TOc;
" BOSTON. July 12. - Karl Fruit Company real
ized the following prices for California fruit
at auction to-day: Bartlett Pears— sl io@2 10;
average, $1 SO; half boxes, 99c. Alexander Ap
ples—sl 75. Three cars sold.
NEW YORK July 12.— Earl Fruit Company
au'-tloned California fruit to-day as follows:
Bartlett Pears $1 55®2 56; average $2 10
Tragedy Prunes— Sl'S! 40; average, Jl IS Peach
Plums— TOci^Jl 50; average. Jl 11. < herries—
Royal Anne. 45c@$l; average, 74c; Republican,
60e<g»l; average, 90c. Weather dry. Twelve
cars sold.
BOSTON WOOL. MARKET.
' BOSTON. July 12. The market continues
; quiet as a whole, but some wool Is being sold
on about the range of ruling quotations. It
i? vet between seasons with manufacturers.
but samples for spring goods will be shown
and the expectation Is that this will again
; start business. Quotations:
Territory wools-Montana fine medium and
fine. 15@16c: scoured. 45c; staple, 4Sc; Utah.
Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine, 14<g>l£C;
' Bcoured 43@46c; staple, 4Sc.
Australian— Scoured basis, combing ««^ r
, fine. 70®72c; good. 65@68c; average, 62<{f65c;
Queensland combing, fine.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 12 —Consols, 111* i; silver.
27%; French rentes. 103f 15c.
LIERPOOL, July 12.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
standard California wheat. 4?.s 6d ; cargoes
Walla Walla wheat, "s; cargoes off coast, buy
er- and sellers apart; cargoes on passage, near
ms in demand; French country markets,
quiet; wheat In Paris, steady; flour In 1 aris,
stead"
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring,
! rtea ly. Ca S<s.
CORN— July nominal: September steady, 3s
■'■■■ '. October Fteaily. 3s 3V»d.
FLOUR- Steady; fancy winter, 9a 6d.
GRECIAN CURRANTS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK. July 12. -The Journal of Com-
Bays: The limited demand for Grecian
currents for some weeks past, although n.H
• 1 at this season of the year. Is having
a depressing effect upon the market. A re
cent arrival via Liverpool came on a dull
market, and In order to move the Btock Into
nsumptlon the Importers were compelled to
make concessions. The lower prices named,
however, do not seem f> have stimulated the
demand, and this Is partly accounted for by the
activity of sellers of small Beedless California
ralßlns which product, owing to the compara
tively low prices at which U Is offered has.
It Is asserted, been taking the place of currnjits
to a considerable extent amonn consumers In
distributing centers on the Atlantic coast.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Special cables and
telegraphic dispatches t> Bradstreet's indi
cate the following changes in available sup-
Lst Saturday as compared with the pre
- eding Saturday:
Available supplies of wheat In the United
States and Canada, east of the Rock Moun
tains, decrease, 2.189.000 bushels; afloat for and
In Europe, decrease, 600,000 bushels; world's
Bupply, total decreaw. 2,789.000 bushels.
Corn United Stateo and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase. 220.000 bushels.
Oats United State? and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 212,000 bushels.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 12 —To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available rash balance, J231.542.561; gold re
serve. J172.642.055.
].< >N! " >N Wl " IL SALES.
LONDON. July 12.— The wool auction sales
. re continued to-day with offerings of 12,931
bales, Including a good show of fine merinos
which ild spiritedly at fully 7^®lo per cent
higher. The following are the sales In detail.
New South Wales, 2900 bales; scoured. Sd'fi
Is sd; greasy, i'iQlO^d.
Queensland. 1600 bales: scoured. Is EHd;
greasy, 4\filOVsd.
Victoria, 300 bajes; greasy, SflOd.
Tasmania, 100 bales, greasy, t 'y9d.
New Zealand, 4700 bales; scoured, 6%diJ?ls 4d;
greasy, 6fi'3V4d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 3200 bales;
ired. Bd@lS 5Hd; greasy l\<B 9d.
Punta Arenas. 62 bales; greasy. 5%'26%d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 12— COTTON— Steady.
Middling. 5 13-16.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., July 12.— Exchanges, U09,
142; balances, $70,640.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July 12.— A few sales of
sn.all quantities of valley Wheat have been
: made during the past few days at 60c. and
i choice Walla Walla would only bring the same
j figure.
I "
WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA. Wash.. July 12.— Wheat, steady;
j club, 61c; blue stem, 64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 65H
Sterling Cables — 4 68
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
New York Exchange, sight — 15
i Fine Silver, per ounce — 69% i
j Mexican Dollars 4G 46M,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— a long period of
■ Inactivity chartering has again been resumed
at 27s 6d, usual options. The market Is steady.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a reg-
Istered tonnage of 11,950. against 36,260 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 14,300
tons, against 124,250; on the way to this port.
: 216,000 tons, against 233,400.
WHEAT— Government report, showing a j
! better condition of the crop as compared witn
I last year, tends to keep the market weak. Fu
| tures wpre lower at the opening, but ther*
was a subsequent recovery In sympathy with
Chicago.
Spot Shipping, $1 26@1 27^; mllllnK,
1 $1 354J1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
1 Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December
6000 ctls, $1 27%; 20,000, $1 27V4.
Second session— December— 36.ooo cfls. $1 27;
6000. $1 27^; 22.000. $1 2S-J,. ,
Regular morning session— December- COOO ctls,
$1 27V. 6000. $1 27<>;: 6000, $1 27T*..
Afternoon session— December— 4ooo ctln. $1 2R.
■ 6000. $1 28%; 16A/1. . U 28V4. .
BARLEY— There Is rather more demand at
steady prices as a rule, though futures ar»
Feed, ir.Wl 214: Brewing, $1 25<$1 S3.
CALL BOARD SALES.
! Informal session— 9:ls 'o'clock— December—
1000 ctls, $1 U; 2000. $1 17%.
Second ie"alon —No pales.
1 Regular morning Decenib*r-FOOO ctls.
$1 IS; 2«00, $1 18%; 2000. $1 181
' Afternoon session— December — 6000 ctls.
$1 I' 1 '*-
: OATS— Dealers are quoting lower prices all
I around, with a dull nnd featureless market.
: Offerings, though not heavy, are large enough
} for all current needs.
Fancy feed, $1 32 1 ,4@l 35 per ctl; good to
' choice $1 2Vrjl 324: common. *117Vt9122tt;
Surprise, fl 32H<S"1 35: gray, $1 22H@1 25; mlll
1 Ing. i\ 30(51 3.', per ctl.
CORN — : congested state of the market
has led to a falling off In receipts* from th«
• East, but It does not seem to make any dlf
1 ference, as trade Is as dull as ever. Prices
1 remain unchanged, except an improvement In
p white
Small round yellow. $1 25<g1 30; Eastern large
) yellow, $1050107%; white., $105@107%; mixed,
t> il 02 1 -''<i OS per ctl. *
; Continues dull at $1 20@l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75®1 SB per ctl.
FLOUR AXD MILLSTUFFS.
All descriptions under this head are dull at
the old prices.
FLOUR— Family extras, $S@G 10; bakers' ex
tras, $4 7>''i4 BE per bbl.
MILLSTI'FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Klour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 7f> per 100;
Rice Flour, J7; C'ornmeal, $1 SO; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 2i>; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
<54 25; Cracked Wheat. 83 78: Farina. $460;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 85^6 25; In sacks. $5 6MT6 05 ; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 M
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND EEEDSTUFFS.
The feature of the market at the moment Is
the dally sale of Sonoma County Hay, as this
county has the best crop this year. It is good
strong Hay, feeds well and brings top prices.
Nine cars sold yesterday. The market rules
firm at the quotations. Receipts showed a
marked falling off.
Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— SI 4 60®15 30 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIedBarIey, $25®36 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31®31 00; jobbing.
$32®32 5O; Cocoanut <-«ko, $2K«25; Cottonseed
Meal. %2S'!i3i) per ton; Cornmeal, *23(g.!3 uO;
Cracked Corn. $24-fJ24 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $18 B0@l» 50 for choice
and ,sl7*Blß for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
$17(gl8 50; Oat. $17'frlS; Wild Oat. $16^17; Bar
ley, ; Island Barley. $14@16; Alfalfa, $12 o0
@13; Clover. $134714 50 per ton.
STRAW— 6otfi9oo per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The reduction In freight rates of Beans to
the East is expected to help the Bean market.
At present It is very dull and nominal, at the
old quotations.
Seeds remain as previously quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, *2 90^2 S»B ; Small Whites,
$1 80@l 90; Large Whites. $1 75®1 80: Pinks, $2 60
©2 75; Red*. $2 75@2 85; Blackeye. $3@3 25; But
ters. $180©2; Limas. 5280@2 90; Pea, $1 90@2;
Red Kidneys, 50@2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 .VKiio per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, »4SO@6; Flax. $2@2 05: Canary
Seed, 2V;©2* l c per lb; Alfalfa, 3fi«c; Rape, 2\i&
2%c; Hemp. 2s»'g'3c; Timothy, s<3sVic. n
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $175(32; Green, $2®2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes rule firm. Yellow Ordons ar« also
strong, but red are neglected.
Tomatoes from Vacaville are small and green
and drag In consequence. Other Vegetables are
steady.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. 60f60c In sacks
and 50<Jf90c in boxes for Early Rose and Bo@
"oc in sacks and 60c'a Jl In boxes for Burbanks.
A car of Salinas Hurbanks sold at 80@85c.
ONlONS— 2o<fi 4oc per sack for red and £o^9oc
per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 75c@$2 per
box; Green Peas. lH<J?2Vic per lb: String Beans,
2@6c per lb; Bay Squash. T^CrTJI 2:.; Green Pep
pers, 50®76c for Chile and $l(ffl B0 for Bell;
Dried Peppers, s{T6c; Cabbage, 50c per ctl: Car
rot". 30@60c per sack; Bay Cii^tmbers, $I<T
1 2. >; Vacaville Tomatoes, 50c@$l; Los Ange
les, Jljil 25 per box; River Tomatoes. $2<?j2 25;
Green Corn. 40cf;$l 25 per sack for Vacavllle,
JIM 25 per crate for Alameda and 65W75c for
Berkeley; Gnrllc, 2?i3c per Ib; Green Okra, $1
<&1 25; E?g Plant, $1(571 50 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16<51Sc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. ISc; Cnb
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, SOc; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is well supplied but steady.
POULTRY Live Turkeys, 12W?il4c for Gob
blers and ll@l2Hc for Hens: young Turkeys. 17(7J>
18o; Geese, per pair, 75c@tl; Go.sllnps. 75c@$l;
Ducks, J2 50®3 for old and $3(S>5 for young;
li.i.s, $4 / a">; lior.sters, young. $0-?f 7: Roosters,
old, $4 50@6; Fryers, KSK 50: Broilers, $4'(M 50
fnr large. $2 MV ( ,3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 60®
1 75 per dozen for young and JKal 25 for old.
GAME- Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There" Is plenty of Butter here, and dealers
report but few sales at ton figures. Eggs are.
firm for ranch and weak for etnre. the latter
being in liberal supply. There Is no change
In < 'heese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries. 21c, with pales
of special brands at 22c: seconds. 20c.
Dairy Choice to fancy, l"'al?c; common,
grades, 15(g16c.
Eastern Mutter- Lndle packed, 14615 c per lb;
Elctn, nominal.
CHEESE Choice and mild new. £c; old, 7<5
7Hc; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
S'QPc; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, li>«lS',c per dozen: store
Eggs, 12J;14c; Eastern, 12V4<ffl5c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRTS FRUITS.
Peaches and Apricots continue firm at the
good prices. Apples are higher and In good \
demand. Stocks of Cherries are now limited |
to Royal Annes. Figs are steady. Grapes are !
slow of sale. Strawberries are coming in j
.soft and mushy from the heat. Arrivals of :
mcli ns are small.
DECIDUI >t's FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2' ( per chest for large and
$s(fiS for small.
Royal Anne Cherries. 25040 c; loose, 2V4®3c
per Ib.
Figs. 25940 c per box for single and 40386 c for
double layers.
Cantaloupes. $3 rr > n'<r4 per crate.
Red Nectarines, Jlfil 28; White Nectarines.
76c<S$l per box.
Fontalnebleau Grapes rmm Vacavllle are
grten and neglected at 80@75c per crate • Seed- i
less White Grapes from Yuma, per crate'
l!la''k Grnrrs, . '
Hlnckherrles, 12 50ff3 50 per chest.
Currants Jl 50(y3 per chest.
Plums, 60® 75c per crate and 3T.«75c per box
Aprlcts. 4»if / 7. : .c per b ox , ad 70590 c per crate
and J40©65 per ton In bulk.
Peaches, 50c-(ssl 25 per box, 75cff$l 25 per
basket. v
Raspberries, $4^6 per chest.
New Apples, 40«550c per small and 73c®$l 50
per large box. «•»•>• «v
Crabapples, nominal.
Bartlett Pears, Jl'nl 25 per box; Windfalls, i
nominal.
■CITRUS FRtJITS-NavPl Oran^s, $1 50(^2 50;
Seedlings, 50c@$l; Lemons, $i 2. r ,fi2 for com
mon and $2 50@3 for good to choice- Mexi
can Limes. $6<§7; Bananas. $1 2602 per bunch-
Pineapples. $3vx4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC. j
According to the Government report the ■
Apple crop Is poor all over the country, and j
as Apples fix the prices of all other fruit i
values for dried fruits will probably rango i
higher this year in consequence. This bullish
condition will be materially assisted by the ;
short crop In California, so the outlook for a
satisfactory market this fall Is good. Peaches
are also reported light by the Government and
they are certainly light In this State.
The market Is dull and unchanged.
DRIED FRLiTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4«@
3c for 40-50' s, 4Vi©MV4c for 50-60' 3*;<o4c for
60-70's, 3V.,4i3u.c for 70-So"s. 2%®30 for SO-aO's 2«-i
02V4C for 90-100' s; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 6V4@
6c; peeled. 10<gi2>ic; new Apricots, Bf/!>c for
Royals; old Apricots, s@6V4c for Royals and
7(f?Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated AppleF. 7H@»c; sun-dried, 4%<35c: Black
Figs, in sacks, 2@2V4c; Plums, 4 1 s n4\.- for
pitted and lVi®l'4c for unpltted; bleached
i'lums, s@sVic; Nectarines, 4<gsc for prime to
fancy; Pears. 2Vi(«"-l l or quarters and 3<gsVsc
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 2K@3c for
three-crown. 3Vi@3?4c for four-crown, 4^ic for
Seedless Sultanas. 2%c for heedless Muscatels
and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes
2^c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell, 4'i760 for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, B®7c for
softshell, S'-s'a^c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
Dfjc. for Eastern and 4^c for California: Pe
cans, eVJ'SSc; Filberts, 9H®loc; Brazil Nuts,
Bg9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, J4 60(g5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, S'gWc for bright and 6ig>7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6^®
6c; light amber extracted, 4ViiJV e per It).
BEESWAX— 24®26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Trade Is quiet at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per It) for
heavy, SHe for light medium, 10c for. light,
lie for extra light and 12@12 1 for sugar cured:
Eastern migar-cured Hams, lOH^llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9V4®100; Mess Beef, $10 50 per l>bl;
extra Mess Bee!, $11; Family Beef, $12; L-nlt
Pork, $3; extra prime Pork. $10; extra cle.ir.
$17<fH7 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12H'J
per Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c rer t*>
for oompound and 8c for pure; pails, SV*:
California tierces, 5Hc per Ib for compoL-nd
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7Vic; 10-lb tins,
8c; r.-lr. tins, S".ic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-Ib palls. 60 In a case. 9'j.e;
3-lT> palls, 20 In a case, SHe; 5-Ib palls, 12 i>i a
cuse, BVic; 10-Tb pails, 6 in a casj, S%c; f.O-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; woodec buckets, 20
lbs net. BV4c; fancy tubs, SO lbs n >l, 7%c; half
b.-irrels, about 110 lbs, 7«4c per It).
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted. !
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell |
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salte-l
steers, lOHc; medium, 9Vsc: light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9V4c; Stags, 6>4c; salted Kip, »®»Hc;
Calf. 10c; dry Hides, Round, 16c; culls and
brands, 12(g'12Hc; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry I
Calf, ISc; Goatskins, 27"-i@3oc ; medium, crOo; |
winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15(g25c each; |
short wool, 30'']40c each; medium, 60@SCc: long
wool. 90c(g$l 10 each: Horsehldes, salt. $2<ij2 30
for large and $1«5'2 for small; Colts, BOe; Horse
hides, dry. $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. S\io3£c per tt>:
No. 2. 2y.#3e; refined, 4H@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall'cllps. Southern Mountain, 7<7ilOc:
free Northern. »@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', SSTIOc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; do, defective, 10(S.12c;
Middle county, 13(ffl6c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15@17c: Nevada, 10@14c; Eastern Oregon,
10fil2c; Valley Oregon, 15917 c
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9©l2>£c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are rather easier again. The other
designations are steady.
.Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4c; second quality,
s%©«c; third quality, 4&@sVic per It).
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small. 6@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— 7V4@Bc; Ewes, 7@7Vsc
per Ib. .
LAMB— Spring, R<jTß^e per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 4'^@sc for large, 5!,6@5>40
for medium and 4,< t @4Hc for small; stock Hogs, C
2fi'3V4c; dressed Hogs, '7©Sc. . •
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. sc; Wool Bags. B
nominal; San Quentln, i> 85.
COAL— Wellington, IS per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $1150 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
i( (JO; CoKe, }12 per tun LU bulK and $H in
sacks.
A local circular for Australia says: "There
are thirteen vessels now en route from Aus
tralia with over 33,000 tons of coal which should ]
arrive here prior to September next. There are )
forty-three vessels already chartered to carry j
coal from Sydney and Newcastle with a ca- i 3
paclty or' about 115,000 tons; some of these will
not leave for several months yet. It can be
safely figured that over 00 per cent of the above
mentioned coal has already passed out of first
hands. The last quoted lrelght rates from New
castle are about 20s to 21s per ton for loading
in July-August, and 19s for November-Decem
ber. There are not many buyers locally for
Australian at present covering prices, as our
large consumers will substitute other grades at
lower figures. The brisk demand for tonnage i
to Honolulu for coal for the navy has aided I
to sustain ruling rates for here, but this de- :
mand will necessarily diminish In the near
future. A continuance of high figures for
steam grades will force some of our large con
sumers to utilize oil as a fuel."
COUOAGE— ManiIa, 10*ic: Sisal, lOVic basis.
CANNED FRUITS— White Cherries, $1 50®
1 60; Peaches, $1 10&1 20; Pears, ; Apri
cots, $I@l 10.
CANNED VEGETABLES-Peas, 75(SS5c; To
matoes, 80c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica — 14Vi"?16c for prime
washed, 13V114C for good washed. 14&<gl6c for |
good to prime washed peaberry, 12V4<£14c for
good peaberry, HVa(fJ 13Vic for good to prime,
10V&@llC for good current mixed with black
beans, Stg'lO'.ic for fair, 6(58c for common to or
dinary. Salvador— for good to prime
washed, 10<§llc for fair washed, 12Vifl4c for
good to prime washed peaberry, 8%&9% c for
superior unwashed, S*b@BV4c for good green
unwashed, llViftllVjO for good to prime un- !
washed peaberry. Nicaragua— Bfg^c for good to
superior unwashed, lKnll'^c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican — j
16@17c for prime to fancy washed. 14® 15c for [
good to strictly good washed. 10<313c for fair
washed, 7H@9MrC for medium, f.'S'c for inferior j
to ordinary, 14<?16c for good to prime washed
peabrrry. llfir'llVic for good unwashed p"a
berry, S 9\c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 44c; imitation Eastern, 5%C! boneless,
j 54c; strips. s%@7V&c; blocks, s>,i(g7c; tablets.
j 7'. 2 c; middles, 6>4<ffS%c per lb; desiccated, 87»4c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8; •
j pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
Oll.r— California <'astor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
| barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
; linseed OH in barrels, bollM. 49c; raw, 47c;
i rases, 6c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. f.6c; No. 1, 46c; cases. 5c more: China
i Nut, / Ss6c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
i rels, 65c: cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, X."c; cas»s,
| 60o: Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white. SOc;
< bleached white. 45c; Whale oil, natural white,
40c; bleached white, 4:.c; Pacific Rubber Mlxr-d j
Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@1 35 per j
gallon: wagon colors. $2<??2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal OH, in bulk, HV c
per gallon; Pearl Oil. In cases, 17e; Astral Oil, I
1 17c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil, 21c; Elaine ■
Oil. 22c; Eocene Oil. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk. 12c; Deodorized* Stove Gaso- ;
| line, in cases, 17^c; C 3 degree Naphtha, In bulk,
| ll^c; 63 decree Naphtha, in ca.«es, lf.Hc; S6 de
. ; gree Gnsolinf>. in bulk, 20c; SG degree Gasoline,
I in cases. 2'c.
CANDLES— Light Candles— 15 oz.
| 74e; 6s, 14 oz, 6"* c; 6s. 12 oz. 5Hc: 6s, 10 oz,
4'«; c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, S^c;
6s, 14 oz, 7%c: 6s. 12 oz, 7',ic; 6s, 10 oz, 6V4c
•; Pfirnfflne 'Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s,
. white, So: colored. 9c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6®7c per Ih.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 46c: in Iron bar
rels, 40c: In wooden barrels, H2c per gallon.
Ll'COl^-Bolled, barrels, 14c; boiled, In cases,
49c; raw, barrels, 42^; raw, cases, 47c per gal
! lon.
QUICKSILVER-J42 50if?43 per flask.
| LEATHER— SoIe leather, heavy, 25®2Sc per
lb; do, medium. 24®25c: do. light. 2^^?2:>c : |
Rough Leather, heavy, 24ffi25c:Tdn, light, 2Z<rt
. ! 24c; Harness Iy»atl]er. heavy. 30(536c; do, me
dium. 27@30c; do. light. 26028 c; Collar L"nth»r.
144715 c per foot: Kips, finished. 40<i?45e per Ib;
Veal, finished, . r .ri/fT'"c; Calf, finished. 75cif?Jl;
Sides, flnlFh«-l. 16®17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits, 14@16c ppr Ib; Rough Splits. K^lOc.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Rpflnlne Com
! pany quotes, terms net ensh: Cube. Crushed !
i and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered, 6'«, c: Candy
, i Granulated, 6c: T>ry OrnnulntPd. 5%c: Confec
| tioner?"' A. 57* c:5 7 *c: Magnolia A. 5Hc: Extra C,
; . r,*j,c: Golden C, s>>;c; California A. s°*c per lb,
j half-barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
LUMBER, ETC.
I POSTS- 10@12c pach for No. 1, and 6iffSc for
'. No. 2.
I,I'MRKR Retail rrl<*e* arp ns follows: Plnp.
• ordinary sizes. J17«15 r.": extra sizes, higher:
Redwood— 2o for No. 1 and Jl6^lß for No. 2: i
I>ath, 4 feet. *2 40(ij2 50: Pickets, $17; Shingles, ;
• Jl 7.'. for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$21®26.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. July 12.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.77$ Shorts. sks ..... BO
Wheat, otls 2,000 Hay, tons 314
. Unrley, ctts 985 Straw, tons a
Oats, ctls 830 Wool, hales ....'-. 37
Butter, ctla 33fi Kr:ks. doz 15.750
, Cheese, ctls 32 Wine. j?als 14,4<K>
Potatoes, sks ... 1,850 Tyonther, rolls ... 90 ;
Onions, sks 255 Pelts, hdls 120
Bran, iks BO Hides, no 499
; Middlings. Pks .. 2SO Quicksilver, flsk. 40 ■
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,200 Oats, ctls 920 j
Wheat, ctls 2,200 Wool, balps 86
Barley, ctls 3.600
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,895 1 Middling*, sks .. 275 '■
Barley, ctls 4.o9o|Short9. sks 1.519
Oats, ctla 2.990 Wool, bales 00
Bran, sks 1.600|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were flat as usual.
1.,0cal securities were only moderately active,
ami quotations showed nn particular change.
Oakland Gas will pay a dividend of 25c on the
15th. ;
The annual meeting of the California-street
Cable Railroad Company will be held to-day.
■ The Murchle Drift Gravel Mining Company
has re-elected the old management, with
George T. Emery as president and Charles L. '
Henton secretary.
! The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
Its regular monthly dividend of 50 cents per
: share on July 20.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared its recuiar monthly dividend of
! CO cents per share, payable July 20.
lf\ the Alta mine during the past week they
! cleaned out and retlmbered the drift prepara
tory to extracting ore, which work began on
Wednesday. They shipped to the mill during
the week 20 carloads of fair milling ore.
In the Chollar mine during; the past week
j they placed four sets of timbers In the main In
i cline at the 1200 station. They have been en
! gaged In lining up the new chute In the up-
I raise from the tunnel level to the 100 level and
i In cutting out a station at the top of the up
1 raise. On the Brunswick lode on the 600 level I
! the station for the Joint winze in the east cross- j
i cut on the south line Is nearly completed. On
i the 800 level the joint south drift from the sta
tion has been extended 15 feet and Is now out
117 feet; thn face Is in porphyry. No work was
done in the mine Sunday and Monday.
There was worked at the Nevada mill for ac
count of the Chollar Mining Company in June
157 tons and 750 pounds of nrr. yielding bullion
of the gross assay value of $2724 27. The cost of
reducing was $11«1 62. The net proceeds In
bullion were $1622 65. The assay value per ton
' wrs $31 29. The gross average per ton was
$17 31. The net average per ton was $10 31.
i The mill worked the ore up to 53.3 por cent of
its assay value.
! In the Potosi mine the west crosscut on the
; south line, tunnel level, was extended 20 feet:
• total length 2C6 feet; the face shows soft por
! phyry mixed with quartz. Croppings— On the
; second floor of the 40 level they are driving !
1 north. The face shows old ground and the ;
! east side new ground assaying from Jls to $20 j
! per ton. Have shipped tn the Nevada mill 40
j tons of ore, the wagon sample showing $7 CO In
I gold and 5.51 ounces of silver per ton. On the
■ Urunswick lode, 600 level, the joint winze sta
tion in the east crosscut on the north line Is
■ ! nearly completed. SOO level— The Joint south
' drift "from the station has been extended during
1 the week 15 feet and is now out from the sta
' ! tlon 117 feet: the face is in poryphry. No work
was done In the mine Sunday or Monday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TT'KSDAY, July 11—2 p. m.
[ Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
i T* S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 51U 61Mi
Is quar coup..llO%lll i Pac Gas Imp.. S5 —
" Is quar reg...Uo",iimi Pac T, Co — 50
i ' Is quar new. . .124' 5 F G & E... 84^ Ss<4
1 Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 3Vi
' "al-st Cnb 55.112 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
; Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
;hc Wat 65... — 9S Flrem's Fund.lßs —
X ! Dun-st ex c... — 9SV4 Bank Stocks—
t> E I, & 1' Gs..I2SV4 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
- F&CI By 65. 113 114 Bank of Cal.. —
, ary-st X ss. — 100 'al SD & T.. H64 —
HC & S 5Vi5..100 10.'> First Nat 205 —
; L. A Li Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A....127U. —
Do gntd Cs.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
• Market-st 65. .124 — Nev Nat 8....155 105
i ! Do Ist M 05.. 114 115 Savings Banks—
i ! Nat Yin 6s l»ts — 97V4 Ser S & 1... — 1650
i N* CNG Ry 75.100 — Hum S & L.1050 llfin
. N r Ry Cnl C 5..108 — Mutual Say. — 42H i
' N* Ry Cal 55.. 102 103 9 F Say U.. 4SO —
NPC R n 55.100 — 3& I. 50.... — 100
' Dak Gas 55.... 100 — Security SB. 260 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110 L'nlon T Co. looo :— :.
Om Ry 65... 12."%— Ptreet Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California .... — 108
P& Cl Ry 65. 103 105 Qeary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st .... C 2 53
r Reno WLAL..IOO — Presidio 6 g
I Sac Elecßyss.ino — Powder—
n!3 F & N P 55.1C6 107 California ....120 150
SierraßCal 6s.— 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
3 Pof Ar 65..103%104'<i Riant Con Co. — 48V1
'■ S P Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorit 3% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — ] Miscellaneous—
S P Br Cs 113 116 Al Pac Assn.. 93V4 94
C 3 V Wat 65... 117% — ~ier Ld Wks..llo —
3 V Wat 45. ..102 102 Vi 'lana P C 0.... 14^ 16
Stock Gas 65. .100 — '-I C&6 Co.. 22 22Vi
o Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 40& 51V*
Contra Costa.. 50 54 IMer Ex Assn. P0 —
Marin Co 50 — ;Nat Yin C 0... —
Spring Valley. 9S 9SH Oceanic S Co. — 57
Gas & Electric- " Pac A F L.... 1% 3Vi
Cent Gaslight. los — iPac Bot C 0....100. ...100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 'Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
5 Giant Powder Cnn 4S °0
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 50
335 do do . 22 00
10 do do 22 25 j
15 Oakland Gas 5100
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 66 75
Afternoon Session.
10 California Safe Peposit 97 50
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 00 i
3U Spring Valley Water 98 25
1 do Uo 9S 00
$13,000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds... 102 00 '
$3000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 117 30
Street—
$50,000 S F & X p Ry Bonds 106 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Vlgorit Powder S 25
76 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.*.... 22 ZS
25 do do , 22 00 !
50 Hutchlnson S P Co.. 51 '3
20 Spring Valle* Water 9g 75 j
Afternoon Session.
I^o Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 2175 '
50 do do 21 f.2'—
50 do do 21 50 :
35 Hutchlnpon S P Co 5J 00
16 do do ............... 60 S7V4
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran- ,
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 13 200 Union Con 15 I
100 Best & Belcher 14 =>0i Yellow Jacket... O<J |
I 300 bavage 131
Afternoon Session.
200 Yellow Jacket... 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 12—4 p. m.
Alpha — 03|Justice. — 06
Alta — (HlKentuclc 02 04
1 Andes 04 0611/idy Wash .... — 02 j
Belcher 12 13 Mexican — 08 I
Best & Belcher 12 14 Occidental 56 —
Bullion — 05 Ophlr 10 — '
, Caledonia 16 17 Overman 03 05 I
I Chollar — 18 Pntnsl — 03 I
; Challenge Con. 11 12 Savage 12 14
Confidence — 2fi|Se X Keleher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 12 14 Scorpion — 02 I
j Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 44 46
Crown Point .. 05 06 Silver Hill .... 03 —
; Con New York. — 02 Syndicate >Z
Eureka Con ... — 20|Standard —160 j
1 Exchequer — 03; Union Con 15 16 '
Gould & Curry. — 06 Utah — 03
Hole & Norcrs. 33 —'Yellow Jacket. 08 10 ■
\ Julia — 02!
■ » ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Kelly to Frances Kelly, lot on NE line
of Twelfth street. 117 SE of Folsom, SE 25,
NE 94:8 V&. NW 25:6, SW 9S:9i-»: $10.
Frank E. and Gertrude Peabody to Peter W.
Watson, lot on E corner of itrannan and Gil
bert streets, NE SO by SE 75; $10.
Thomas F. Conklln to Luc B»audin, lot 5, ,
block 3, Sunny Vale Homestead As3oeia-
Uon; $10.
Alameda County.
Daniel H. and Sarah E. Babbitt to Luolun Ij. !
Babhttt. lot beginning at a point on SW line
of county road No. 1525, 398 B from HE line of
Jonea avenue, thence ,S\\" 435.50, SE 200, NE '
250.60, NW 50. NE 155, NW ir»o to beginning,
subject to mortgage, Brooklyn Township;
grant.
Central Rank to Meta C. Kock. lot 14, block
2101, Al.ien Tract at Temescal; |10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by i "scar Hninan,
attorney) to Gardner E. Bea'-h, lots 52 to 55.
Alvin Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1000.
William C. and Georgia G. Ralston to Daniel
B. Hlnckley, lot on E line of Frultvale avenue,
177 A N of Pleasant street. N 50, E 363, S 50.
W to beginning, helne j>ortion same tract,
Brooklyn Township: $l»oo.
Mathilda Thorn to James H. Hudson, lot 5,
block ll'j, Town of Newark. Washington Town
ship; Ji"-
Same to Lauretta M. Thorn. lot 6. block 179,
aani'i, Washington Township; gift.
Eetella T. Jensen and Julia C. Swift fwlfe nf
A. W. Swift) to Karen K. Jensen, undivided
three-fourths Interest In lot on S line of
Thirty-sixth street. 497 W of Telegraph avenue.
W 7,1 by S 120:1, being a portion of plat 10,
Rancho V and D, Peralto, Oakland (quit-claim
deed); $5.
John T. and Winnie C'olahan to Alice M.
Chlsholm, lot on E line of Adeline street, 137:6
N of Thirty-second. N 37:6 by E 127, block 676,
Watts Tract, map 2. Oakland; gift.
.1. M. and Ada Shannon to Gertrude E. Mr-
Venn, lot on E corner of East Twentieth street
and Twenty-first avenue, SE 50 by NE 14", be
ing lota 1 anil 2, block M, San Antonio, East
Oakland (fjuit-clalm deed); grant
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Alice
M. E. Wright, the NW half of lot 64 In plot 14.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
Webb N. Pearce to Nellie T. Pearce, lot on
N line of Prospect avenue, 200 E of Broadway.
X 56, N 199:8. W 4:10. S 205 to beginning, being
a ; rtton of Oakland Homestead, Oakland;
R. J. McMullen and W. D. Moody (trustees
of Jessie G. and R. N. Simpson) to Oakland
Ixian and Investment Company. K44 d IRI. lot on
N line of Simpson avenue. 150 W of Telegraph.
W 50, N 111.37, E SO. S 111.92 to beginning, be
ing lot 38, Simpson's Tract, Oakland, trustees'
deed; J3524.
Elizabeth A. Rodger? to Julia C. Baird. lot
on S line of Bancroft way. 250 W of Audubon
street W 110 by S 300, being portion of the
WSO feet of lot 's and £60 feet of lot 7. block
9, property College Homestead Association,
Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $10.
Tulla C R C, Dudley, i >aran de L... Frank
and Robert B. Balnl to Lloyd Tevlß. lot on S
line of Bancroft way. 250 W of Audubon street,
W 20 inches by S 130, block 9, same, Berkeley,
Quitclaim deed; S5.
G F Jr. and Man' A. Witter to W. G. Wit
ter lot on E llr.e of Louisa street. 2SO N of
Cedar, N SO by E 101:6, block 6, Graves and
Taylor Tract, Berkeley; $1000.
X J. and Virginia de Pllveria to San Fran
cisco Theological Seminary, lot on N line of
Central avenue, 142 E of Ninth street. E 75
by N 14S. being lots 21, 22 a.nd 23, block 24. Oak
Shade Tract, Alameda: also lot on SW line of
Clark street. 540:3 NW of B. NW 50 by SW
I*.". 4 being lot 13, High street Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $4000.
Patrick Roach Jr. to John Grlg-gy, lot 22,
block 43. lots 13 and 14, block 39, lands Oakland
Point ferry landing In Tract 40fi; also lots 29
and 30, "block 501. Gibbons property at Oakland
Point, Oakland; also property In Solano County;
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
Sonter. lot 39. in plat 40. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $67.
John F. and Ellen Noble to Wllhelmlna
Shane lot on E line of Hamilton street, now
called McGee avenue, 135 N of Bristol street.
N 45 by E H n . being portion range 8. Hardy
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $900, Berke-
Vlctoria C. and Edwin Sheridan to E. M.
Gibson and Peter Steedman (executors estate
Jacob Llnklater), lot on N line of Stewart
Mr-et. 277:6 E of Ellsworth. E 50 by N 134:6,
being lot 26, block F, I^eonard Tract. To cor
rect 530 d 393, Berkeley: $10.
Margaret E. Linklater to same, same. To
correct .'.61 d 269. Berkeley: $10.
E M. Gibson and Peter Steedman (executors
estate Jacob I.lnklater) to John Pennycook, all
Interest In same. Berkeley; $1100.
.tames W. Foss to Jennie Wade Snook, lots
5 and S, Alta Vista Tract, being a subdivision
r.f lots 7, 8 and 10. Chlttenden Tract, Brooklyn
William and Marlon W. Ambrose to Henry E.
Pastor, lot on SW line of East Fourteenth
street. SO SE of Twenty-sixth avenue. SE 40
by SW 125, being the SE 40 feet lot 1. block 1,
nVvlsed Map, Eden Park, Brooklyn Township;
Builders' Contracts.
James J. Casserly owner, with Douglas & Co.
contractors, architects none, all work for a
one-story frame cottage, on N corner of Slckels
avenue and Sears street. NW 65 by NE 105
block 9, Sears subdivision. West End Map 2
51245.
J. Schmlt owner, with Wheeler & Kennedy
contractors, architect C. A. Meussdorffer, ail
work for alterations and additions to a one
story and basement frame bulldine, on SE
line of Lexington avenue (Stevenson), between
Nineteenth and Twentieth streets, 241 Lexing
ton avenue: 1966.
THE CALL, CALENDER.
July. 1808.
9u.
Mo
Tn
Fr.
Moon 1 Phvw*.
I
U
«
v
15
"a"
16
/Cs\ Ful\ Mooa.
W July »
.jo-Lani guarwir.
V>L Jnlr 10.
Kaw Mooo,
W July IS.
1;
24
:i
»
w
23
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Tnited States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the bent-tit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the I'nitt-ii States Signal
Observatory. Marc Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
 CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (rf-tireiS). V. S. N., In charge.
BUN) MdON AND TIDE.
United Btates Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by official au- \
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hiph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort fomt.
the height of tide is the same a^ both places.
Wednesday. July 13.
Sun rises i : °l
Pun sets •,«■''■
Moon rises O: 30 a - m -
Feet.
\li W
111 W
L. W
i 2:05 0.6| 9:OS
I 2:57 0.2 10:13
, ! 3:39 —0.2 ll:»l.
4:17 —0.4 11:40!
4.49 _0.5 12:12
I B:19 -0.5 12:39
I G:49: —0..*. 1:04
3.G: 12:54
2.8 1:49
4.1 2:;2
4.3 8:29
4.4 4:14
4.51 4:."4
4.6 5:36
S.O 7:271
3.2 8:12
3.3 8:54
3.4 9:36
3.4 10:16
3.2 10:56
8.1! 11:35
5.
5.
3.
5.
XOTE— In the above exposition of the tlde9
the early morninK tides are Kiven In the left
hand .column and the successive tides or the
doy in the order of occurrence as to time, lno
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tiae
and the lost or rißht hand column Rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides ns sometimes occur. The nelgnta
eiven are additions to the soundlnss on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sien (-) precedes the height,
and then the number piven is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts The plane or
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Curacao ' Mexico , • •
Willamette Seattle |'
Coos Bay ! Newport
Chllkat Humboldt
Nln^chow Departure Bay j
Crescent City.. Crescent City i
Ruth Tlllamook Hay ]
Gaelic China and Japan !
Leelanaw St. Michael
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Boundj
Columbia : Portland
Pomona. San Djpko
Orizaba Humboldt |
Hristol Comox
Mackinaw I Tacoma
Homer Newport j
Signal Gray's Hartor
Starbuck (Panama •• ;
Pt a tp California ' Portland
Santa Rosa San Diego
Arcata Cocw Bay
North Fork | Humboldt
July 13
July 13
July U
July H
July 14
July 14
•July 14
July 15
I July 15
July 18
July 1«
July 16
July 17
July 17
July 17
ijuly IS
July IS
July 19
July 20
July 20
ijuly 20
July 22
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
PtPampr.
l)»!>tinatlon.
I Sails.
Pier.
Orizaba ....|Humboldt .... July 13. 10 amPer 9
Alameda Sydney July 13. 10 pm]Pler 7
Santa Kosa|San Diego.... July 14. 11 am|Pler U
State of Call Portland July 14. 10am;Per 12
Fulton Orpfron Ports. July 14. Bam Pier JO
Olevpland .. Alaska July 15 ""•••;
"Walla Wall Vie & Psrt Sd. July 15. 10 am PlPr 9
Arcata Coos Bay July 16. 10 am Per 13
Coos Bay ..Newport July 18. 9am PlPr 11
North Knrk'Humrwililt .... July 16. 9anvPJ<»r 2
Chllkat .... Humboldt.... July IS. 9am Pier 13
San Jose .[Panama July 18. 12 m PMSS
Columbia ..Portland July 1". 10 am. Pier 12
Pomona .... San T'lpro.. July IS. 11 am Pier 11
nirncß.-. .... Mpxloo July V>. 10 am,Pler 9
Hompr Npwport July 20. 9 Pier U
Umatllla .. Vie & P)?t July "j\ 10 ami Pier i
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydragmrhlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. July
12, IW. _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAR. P. WEI/-H.
Ensign ("retired), I. S. N-, In charge.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
No.
Dellnqnt
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Halo & Norcross. 1 US ..July 12 ..July 29 10
pp H va«re 95 ..July s!.. July 271 10
Chollar 46 ..July 7 ..Auk. 4| 15
H-lcher 58 ..July B|..Au&. 21 10
Potosl 50 ..July 16 ..Aug. 10 15
A lta 59 ..July 17 ..Aug. 12i 05
Con Cal. & Va... 12 j.. July 181. .Aug. 12) 25
Kentuok 15 '..June ,V..June3oi 05
Confidence 30 ..July 21 i . . Aug. 1« IS
Utah 2« ..July 27 ..Augr. 23| 05
Crown Point | 74 ..Aug. T..AUR.3I 05
noul.l & Curry... 1 84 '..Aug. 7 ..Aug. 29 10
Miii'i'iNt; intki.i,ii;km k.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 12.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mikullcich, Nanaimo:
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
I Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours frnm
i San Piego.
! Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett. 83 hours from
I Ventura.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, S days 15 houra
from Nanalmo. .
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 52 hours from Coos Bay
I via Port Orford 40 hours.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlln, 12 hours frm Walsh
Landing.
Sohr I>a Chllena, Matsen, 10 hours from
1 Fort Ross.
i Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, 44 hours from
: Usal.
! Srhr Enterprise, Ingwersen. 11 days from Ev
i erett.
Schr Volant, Krog. S days from Nehalem
River.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 12.
Br stmr Wellngton, Salmond, Nanalmo; R
j Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olsen, Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
i Perkins & Co.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, Nanalmo; Alaska
Packers' Assn. A
SAILED. *
Tuesday, July 11.
i Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. F— ♦ Bragg.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Glelow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Brag*.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. Tacoma.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, Bon-ens Landing;.
! Schr Nettle Low. Wilson, Point Reyes.
i Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Newark, R<>ck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 12—10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind, SW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Acamas Is chartered for wheat or mdsa
to Liverpool or London, 255; Langdale, wheat
to Europe, 27s 6d.
The Western Monarch loads railroad ties
for Callao. 31s 3d.
The Gladys was chartered prior to arrival for
wheat to Europe. 27s 6d.
i The Grenada loads coal at Nanaimo for Hon
: olulu.
The John Cooke loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 26s — prior to arrival.
SPOKEN.
July 9— Lat 34 52 N. long 75 24 W, stmr Ad
vance, from New York, for Colon.
July S— Lat 50 N, long 19 W. Br ship Clan
Robertson, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
j June Lat 11 N, long 77 W, Br ship Mll
i tonburn. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
I July 6— Lat 49 N, long 21 W, Br bark Wind
rush," from Oreeon, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Ocean Spray-On July 12 at 4:80 a. m..
' I during a dense fog. 15 miles outside the bar,
I while sailing before the wind about six miles
per hour. Seaman Carlson, a native of Sweden,
aged 30 years, fell overboard and was drowned.
Hove schooner to. but could find no trace of
him " DOMESTIC PORTS.
i PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived July Schr
• < GFSRTGRimIo«-Al^vedG F SRT GR imIo«-A l^ved July IWtmr S
1 ; FORT BBAOO Arrived July 1»-Stmr Se
i I qtt^gw h pORT^l& July i:-Bt«nr Westport.
' f °^unKKA-S aa S .W July l*-Tu X Maggie wittv^
' B %RT n i!oS ANa&^Arrtr* July 11-Stm
: ' Alcatraz. fr- •■■■ CJre*nw©<*J. July 13— Stmr
• A AST^iu f A~Ar7w*a July iS-Stmr Columbia.
! '"".[hi'w U Jul>°" IS-St.nr tomar. for Yoko
h^REDONPO vrrtv<sl July U-Schr John F
Miller, from Oral Harbor.
SAN I'KDnO-Sallcd Jul - 12— Stmr Curacao.
f °FO S 'bRAgS Arrived July 11-Schr Ida
! <si-hr\Auer hence June -t>.
i ArdveTl" July 12-Schr Resste K. hence July 8.
EUREKA-Arrlved July Stmr Chllkat.
h.-ri.-e July 10: tug Maggie with schr Admiral
|>\v<>y. in tow, from Nehalem River, for San
eTeaTTLE— Sailed July 12— Stmr Willamette,
\ for San Francisco.
HUENEME— Passed July 12— Stmr Curacao.
from Guaynias, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived July 12— Schr Neptune, hence
July 3.
July 11— Schr Llla and Mattie, for San Fran
; cisco. UV^UU
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July Stmr Fl
nance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
s ANTWERP— port July I— Br ship Dltton,
i I for San Franclfco.
I HAMBURG— Arrived July 10— Fr bark Jac
1 ques. from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 16— Br stmr Al
! ton. from Nanaimo.
HONGKONG— In port June 25— Fr baric
1 Duchesse Ann".
t Salle»1 July — Br stmr Mogul, for Oregon.
f NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 11— Bark
i HarveM--- for Honolulu.
BTDN Arrived July »-Br stmr Moana,
t het'i-H June 16.
1 BHcwn HAD— Arrived July 11— Br ship La
l omenc. hence March 11.
. | QUKENSTOWN— Arrived July 12— Br ship
1 Ro«s-shlre. from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed July 10— ship
j ' Qalbraith. for Havre.
i TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
I NEW YORK— July 12— Stmr Nord- 
land, from Antwerp; stmr Furnessia, from
Glasgow.
• GLASOPW— Arrived July 12— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York.
NAPLES-Sailed July Stmr Britannia, for
New York.
NEW YORK — Sailed July 12— Stmr Bovlo,
v fox Liverpool; stmr Lahn, for Bremaa.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
EXHORTED
OVER THE
DEAD BODY
A Salvationist Selects a
Strange Text.
KILLED WHILE GOING HOME
THE VICTIM'S COMRADE USES
THE OCCASION.
Harry Werner Was Wheeling Along
the Track When He Was Run
Over by a Flying Electric
Car.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Broadway, July 12.
A little oro-wd of less than a hundred
people listened this morning on the coun
ty road to an exhortation under circura-
Btances unique and horrible.
The sermon was delivered by a Salva
the Army soldier over the mutilated re
mains of Harry Werner, who, five min
utes previously, had been speeding on his
wheel from the Trestle Glen camp meet
ing to his home In San Jose.
While getting out of the way of an elec
tric car on the Haywards road Werner
rode into a hole filled with stones, was
thrown over his wheel in front of the
car and instantly killed.
As soon as the dead man's companion
r^all-ed what had happened he lifted the
broken corpse away from the track
kneeling over it, prayed fervently, while
the crowd gathered around. Rising from
his knees and while waiting for
Mi rgu..' wagon, the Salvationist, exalt
uced fetvor and sincerity
the tiiut-ly object lesson, warning
be prepared for death. It was
ibly the most unique sermon ever
delivered.
This riiorning Werner left the camp to
Jos He v.;.d wh<
the Haywards road not far from
■ ract. He was r ig the
■
s wheel w i
: rdi i and
■■•. :t!i his v. : front of an
■ •nr. At this time only a few
remai ■ r and th< < ar.
It wa In the short dls
and Werner whs knocked down and
dragged over the newly ballasted track
ty feet. ' ■■ car
. at once that lif«
: that the body had been fear
•
bi I was • member of the San
irpß of the Salvation Army. H* 1 was
10 inirs of age and has been a sol
dier for soi lis bodj was re
■ ! to the Morgue and an Inquest will
• -morrow ♦■-.•■King, bo that the
..r; of the San Jose corps can come
Oakland and positively Identify his
Moorman Dufton says that Werner
was riiling on the track and in trying to
: of his bicj ■ v.
ditched and Werner
front of the car not more than ten feet
ahead. He says he did everythinj
Flble to pt..p in time to prevent striking
Werner, but it waa . • to do so.
WILL NOT ACT ALONE.
Board of Supervisors Ask the Co
operation of Alameda and
Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 12— The Board of Su- '■
pervisors met this afternoon after a
lengthy executive session and \
fer the matter of the use of the '
street bridge pending thi ction
of the Webster s1 ■ Irman
Roeth of the Committee on Ro - and
Bridges, in conj
tatives of the cities of Alameda and Oak
land. He Is to report back on Friday
morning as it is absolutely n< ■
have taken 1 tt the
euspi i ' two
• ■ -
harmony with the n n the
matt- • ' heir gov
erning bodies.
The matter of sewering the count?
buildings was referred to the Committee
f>n B-. with pov. ■
sub
mitted by Supervisor Mil were ac
1. Bids w< i I from Dalzell
& Moller for $806; E. U. Tuti for $787,
and Strum & Leitch i^r .*7' ; - for th«
work. The latu-r being the lowest biddei
will do the work. Thej tl • plans
free fif ros.t.
County ('lerk Jordan has asked that
help be employed to assist in getting out
the erf-at register, ii'- said: "While I am
willing to do everything I c;ui in reason,
J do not think that ii is Just for the coun
ty to expect that I should bear the entire
' ist of preparing the great register tin:*
year, in view of the faf-t that this county
has always paid for this work; that the
general work of my ■ Increased
'luring my term of office nearly 50 pei
• «-nt with no increase of salary or in
view of thf fact that other counties
have assist'd the clerk. In the couni
Ha<-ramento the Sui>frior Court in suit
No. 7121, entitled J. W. Green vs. the
Hoard of Supervisors of Sacramento
County, the Hoard of Supervisors w. re or
dered by the court to provide the means
for getting out the great register of that
county."
Harry Newton Secures a Reduction.
OAKLAND. July 12.— The Board of Su
pervisors fitting as a Board of Equaliza
tion received but three petitions for re
ductions to-day. The application oi
Q. Lafterty for a reduction from $1200 to
$Rf*) on a lot on First Stre< I . I
Franklin and Webster. was granted
on request of Assessor Dalton, who admit
ted that he should have valued it lower
had his attention been called to it. Harry
Newton asked that the ment of
>• JH.'iOO on nine and nine-tenths acres on
Peralta Heights, belonging to Jane New
ton, be reduced to 110,000. The frontage on
First avenue Is 4.', feet above the level. He
stated that three acr< a was absolutely
worth nothing. Supervisor Roeth moved
that the assessment be reduced to $12,000,
but receive-.] no second to his notion.n otion. Su
pervisor Wells moved that the application
be denied. This was lost by a vote of 3
to 2. Supervisor Church moved to reduce
'.I- assessment to $14,000. which was done,
Supervisors Roeth and Talcott voting no,
they desiring a greater reduction.
Mental Derangement of K. Hughson.
OAKLAND. July 12^K. A. Hughson,
the mining partner of Mayor Thomas, is
confined to his home with an attack of
mental derangement Dr. Rucker is In
attendance, but is unable to say just how
Ms patient will come out. It was last
Friday that Mr. Hughson first gave indi
cations of trouble. He arose at 4 a. m.
after a troublesome night and left the
house. Calling on Mayor Thomas he in
formed him that Presidi n\ McKinley had
notified him that he was to be rewarded
lor j? ls services as presidential elector.
r^t/rff- tl . lis ther ?.MY as uppermost in the
patient s brain. With rest and sleep he Is
paining some, although his mental facul
condltlon Beem tO return " their normal
Mrs. Cameron Secures Her TH™™*
OAKLAND, July 12.— Mrs Bestl« A*
and given permission to resume her
Thi.T.J 11 ,,"""! "'■^'"■•™'"ii> properly"
J his cane nas been dragging In the Vmirt
for month,. Mrs. Cam, nut was granted
1125 costs to prosecute the case but her
husband neglected to pay it claimln
that he was unable to. lie w : comrat"
ted for contempt and failed tTSet°oT on
a writ of habc s corpus when he swore
that he was an indigent, in the testi
mony of the plaintiff she told how her
husband had beaten her with a poker and
kicked her until B he was black and blue
DECLARE THEY
WERE DUPED
Central Christian Church
Going to Pieces.
REV. MR. DAVIS WAS SHREWD
ELDER WISHART HAD HOPES OF
GETTING SOME MONEY.
Thirty Prominent Members Hand in
Their Resignations and There
Are Only a Few Left.
Have No Pastor.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 32.
The Central Christian church is faat
going to piec«s and before many weeks
it is believed the two Christian organ
izations will have united. At last Sun
day's meeting thirty resignations were
handed in, including those of Mrs. Ada
Van Felt, Mrs. M. D. Gracey and Airs.
Laura Hitter.
The congregation is not at all eatislled
with the manner in which Rev. Edwards
Davis was received back into the fold.
They have been Investigating and are con
vinced that there was a little political
worK done, of which they were unaware.
They have satisfied themselves that the
letter of commendation approved by the
church was written by Rev. Mr. Davis
himself, a_nd that he secured Its accept
ance and indorsement In a manner they
do not approve.
The minister is under obligations to
some of the officers of the church. One
Of these is Elder Wishart, who holds a
.gainst the ex-pastor. Mr. Davis
was pressed to pay the notes, but dm not
respond to the pressure. He gave Elder
Wishari some encouragement on condi
tion that Wishurt should help him to
square himself with his indignant con
gregation. Elder Wishart presented the
self- written commendation of the pastor
• it was the duty of the
church to accept it unanimously, and this
whs done.
Now, many of these who voted to take
the pasti r lad; Into the fold regret their
action and are resigning. The church
at present is without a pastor, the last
_ left because It w.-is found Im-
K. ep up his salary. No ef
forts arc being made to secure his suc
r, and at thi present rate of do
■ the congregation will soon be a
: r! the ! ast.
The First ( luistian Church, of which
Rev P. D. Butler is pastor, has already
into its mcL-'t-eiship several of Mr.
I 'avis' late flick, and from present ap
pearances the much-talked-of union ho
the Central and First Christian
chun hea will come aijout independently
of any actual move tc secure it.
A DAVIS MEETING.
Gathering of Friends of the Guberna
torial Candidate Last Night.
ALAMEDA, July 12. — There wa.< a meet
ing of friends of W. H. Davis at Linder
man Hall last evening for the purpose of
consulting with regard to the campaign.
Among those in attendance wer^: Colonel
Babcock, a candidate for Congress; Post
masti r Leydei ker, Ed Houston, "VV. W.
Haskell, John Meyer, George E. Clark, w.
Camron, Mr. Weber or" Oakland and
Mr. Davis himself. It was reported that
were eighty-three members on the
roll and membership cards were still be-
Irculated. A public meeting will
be called for the purpose of indorsing
andidacy of Mr. Davis. Mr. Davis
said thai it was time to take action with
regard t<> th>- coming primaries. He
thought it was a mistake to put the most
active men :\t the polls at such a time.
They were needed on tho outside.
"From all the indications," said Mr.
Davis, "there is no doubt as to what the
result will be if we do not have primaries
at which itinerants. Populists and Demo
crats vote.'' It was decided to endeavor
to have the hour for closing the polls at
tii" primaries extended to 8 p. m., as on
former occasions many voters had been
unable to cast their ballots because of the
r closing.
LODGE INSTALLATIONS.
Odd Fellows, Junior Mechanics and
Knights of Maccabees Have
Ceremonies.
ALAMEDA, July 12.— The members of
Encinal Lodge No. lt>4, I. O. O. F., held
th<ir annual installation of officers last
evening. District Deputy Grand Master
Bundocb presided and installed the fol
lowing: William Nicholson, N. G.; Ernest
Simmons. V. G.: J. H. ElckhoiT, secretary;
George Fox, treasurer. After the cere
monies a banquet was served.
Yoscmito Lodge No. 40, Jr. O. U. A. M.,
Will hold its installation of officers this
< venlng at its rooms in Linderman Hall.
The following win be installed: F. H.
I teniels, junior past councilor; J. H. Wlt
ttcb, councilor; A. P. Heise, vice coun
i lor; A. K. Harford, recording secretary;
E. I. Fish, assistant recording secretary;
W. Mohns, financial secretary; Louis de
I n :i surer.
The members of Alameda Tent No. 32,
Knights of the Macaabeee, will also in
officers this evening and wlil con
clude the ceremony with a banquet.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 12.— The Red Cross
ladies will present Company G with a
mrs.-; tent to-morrow, while a committee of
■ ladies will, provide a fine lunch
with which to christen the welcome gift.
Mrs. B. N. Thomas of 1409 Caroline
Btreet broke her arm yesterday by falling
from her bicycle on the street.
The funeral of the late Dr. Thomas
SUttfr took place this morning from
Wever's undertaking rooms. Interment
v,;ip at Moutain View.
Horticultural Commissioner Pryal Is ln-
Bpectlng the trees of this city and putting
col< ni< b of the Australian beetle wher
ever needed.
The Alameda City C. E. Union has de
dded to undertakf work at Camp Bar
rett and H. A. Wastell will have charge
of it.
Editor McPhee of the Santa Ana Blade
has been a visitor in town for several
days past.
Dr. John T. McLean. Health Officer of
this city, is expected home from Wash
ington soon, where he has been for sev
eral months.
li. Eg<-ntpf>rper, a baker of this city,
while driving along the county road near
Elmhurst this morning, was run into by
an electric car. lUs horse was hurt, his
wagon broken and he himself painfully
bruised.
Thomas Stroup of 1254 Pearl street had
his arm broken yesterday at a planing
mill in San Francisco. He had only just
recovered from an attack of blood poison
ing.
Mrs. Madseii Secures Her Property.
OAKLAND, July 12. - Mrs. Caroline'
: Madsen, who is suing her husband. Ole !
Madsen, for a divorce, way to-day granted i
i a decision by Judge Greene rfß.irding the !
i property, in which the husband is ordered '
to execute a deed to his wife within ten '<
days. The property affected is located at
Eighteenth and Market streets, and was
the wife's separate property when she mar- '
ried Mr. Madsen. Mr. Madsen must pay
all costs of the action. Now the divorce ,
j proceedings will be pushed. In this she '
: charges extreme cruelty.
I Purchased Col. Smith's Thoroughbred
1 OAKLAND, July 12.— Night Prison- i
f keeper Phillips of the City Jail has se- j
cured the thoroughbred Kentucky hunt- i
ing horse presented to Colonel Smith of ,
the First Regiment, Tennessee Infantry.
! United States Volunteers, by his friends
' just before he left home for San Fran- i
I cisco en route to Manila. They paid $350 j
i for the animal, but Major General Otis '
; refused to allow any of the officers to
i take their steeds with them, so he had to \
\ dispose of this one. Mr. Phillips was com- :
i pelled to pay $22. r i for the horse, owing to j
i the desire of Mr. Baldwin for the same.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
LIQUOR WAR
IS PROMISED
Brosnahan May Decide
the License.
CHURCH PARTY TO FIGHT
WILL AFFECT THE TAX LEVY TO
BE FIXED IN OCTOBER.
Dr. E. S. chapman Will Lead the Op
position Against Any Reduc
tion in the Present
Figure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 12.
The ordinance Introduced Into the City
Council last nip;ht reducing the munici
pal liquor license from $100 to $50 has once
more aroused the periodical struggle be
tween the two pre.'it parties In this city
known as the church party and the sa
loon party. The measure will be bitterly
contested and there is no doubt that its
Introduction at this time Is for the pur
pose of putting the members of the
Council on record. It Is not certain how
the measure will be received by tho
Council. The members are about equally
divided, and this Is most decidedly a fac
tional measure.
Earl, Henr.eberry, Watkinson, Wood
ward and Heitman can almost be de
pended upon to support the measure.
Pringle, Rowe, Upton, Cuvellier and Gi
rard can about as certainly be relied upon
to oppose it.
This leaves the matter entirely in the
hands of Brosnahan. A few months ago
Brosnahan introduced an ordinance grad
ing the license, and requiring ll<iuor deal
ers who conducted both a wholesale and
retail business to pay more than the lit
tle saloon men at Golden Gate. This or
dinance was ridiculed by nearly every
member <>f the Council and Brosnahan
eventually withdrew it. He then openly
dei lared ho would b^ revenged on some
of those who would not vote for his meas
ure, and then changed his vote on the
water ordinance, enabling the extortion
ate Woodward ordinance to prevail.
Brosnahan stated at that time that he
would never again take a hand in "mon
keying" with the license question, and
when the Honneberry ordinance comes up
for final passage Bro.snahan's vote may
its fate.
The anti-saloon element is already or
ganizing for the next city campaign,
which follows dose after the county cam
paign in November. At the special elec
tion a year ago, to determine th<- ques
tion of whether Oakland should have sa
loons or not. the saloon men carried the
day, but not by a majority so large as
tney expected. It was contended by the
anti-Baloon party at that time that with
proper organization they could have won.
Since then Dr. E. S. Chapman has opened
up a vigorous anti-saloon State campaign,
with headquarters in Oakland.
A large lx^rt i< >n of the city's revenue
is derived from saloon licenses, and the
reduction of the tax will materially af
feci the tax levy to be fixed by the City
Council In a couple of months.
BERKELEY GRADUATES.
University of California Students in
Demand for High School Posi
tions.
BERKELEY. July 12.— The department
of pedagogy In the University of Califor
nia lias been uniformly successful thia
year in supplying teachers for vacancies
in the different high schools of the State.
Rec-nt elections by school boards dis
close the fact that Berkeley students are
largely in demand as teachers and in-
Btructors. Within the last two days the
following appointments have been re
ported:
James B. Hughes, graduate student, as
principal of the Oroville High School.
Miss Georgia Reed, .class of '93, as
teacher of Knglish, Latin and history in
the Oakdale High School. ,
George B. Finnigan, class of '97, as
teacher In the Nevada City High School.
Eugene Barker, class of '913, also in the
Nevada City High School.
Miss Belle Ritchie, class of '97, as
teacher of Latin, English and history in
the Esparto High School.
William A. Wright as principal of the
High School in Butter City.
Albert C. Olney. class of '93, as vice
principal of the Sonoma Valley Union
High School.
A RETURN COMPLIMENT.
Berkeley People to Buy Flags for the
New Ferry-Boat.
BERKELEY, July 12.— J. W. Richards,
I president of the Board of Trustees, thinks
that the action of the Southern Pacific
j Railway Company in calling its new ferry
j steamer the "Berkeley" should not be al
! lowed to go unappreciated by the resi
\ dents of the town. At the meeting of the
; Board of Trustees held last night he took
occasion to suggest a way in which the
| compliment might 'be returned. Presi
; dent Richards said he thought that the
j citizens of Berkeley should purchase v
set of flags for the new steamer. A public
subscription ought to he raised sufficient
i to make the present a handsome one. The
! trustees agreed that although no official
I move could be taken in the matter, they
I would further the movement as much as
! possible. Several of the leading citizens
i are known to have expressed themselves
I as thoroughly in favor with the plan and
! there seems little doubt that it will soon
j be carried out.
Newspapers Combined.
BERKELEY, July 12.— The World and
Gazette, evening papers . published In
1 Berkeley, have combined and will be pub-
I lished hereafter under one management.
The new paper is called the Berkeley
World-Gazette. first issue under the
new title appeared this evening. ■ .#
Secretary Davis Seriously 111.
BERKELEY, July 12.— E. W. Davis, sec
; retary of the Board of of the
I University of California, is seriously ill
' fit his residence on Union street. The
Board of Regents has granted a two
j months' leave of absence, but he will be
unable to avail himself of a trip to the
country, as his present condition will not
permit a removal from the house.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 12.— report of the
i librarian of the Berkeley Public Library
i shows that during the pa«t year the read
ing rooms have been used by 127,960 vis
itors. The financial statement shows a
total receipt of $7,034 62, of which all but
I $1,324 89 was expended.
Rev. George E. Swan, rector of St.
j Mark Episcopal church, has left for a
vacation trip in Lake County. The serv
ices at the church during his absence will
i be In iharge of a lay reader.
The Columbia Volunteer Fire Company
I has institnted a series of debates, tne first
' of which was held this evening, with
. promising success.
A melodrama, in three acts, entitled,
1 "My Lord and Some Ladles." was acted
' last nig..t in the studio of William Keith.
I The play was a composition by Lawrence I
: Rising, son of Professor Rising of the I
! State University. All the actors, save i
! Mr. Kent, were boys and girls under 15 :
! years of age. _ _ . ..'.>>
' * '
Brotherhood of Railway Firemen.
OAKLAND, July 12.— The firemen of the
Western Division of the Southern Pacific
Railroad will hold their second meeting
to-morrow evening: for organization. It is
the resurrection of the lodge of Brother
hood of Railway Firemen, which was
wrecked by the A. R. U. strike in 1£94.
Until the present time no effort has been
made to reorganize the order here. Some
profess to see a political move In the
meeting:. Tt was secret and only lodge
matters discussed.
AUCTION SALES.
til) V l ll/11 UtiljJbkJt
EDWARD SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS, .
31-33 SUTTER. STREET.
Telephone Main 51SL
RECEIVERS' SALE.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY July 14 and 15
Commencing each day at 10 o'clock a. m., we
will sell at the store formerly occupied by the
HOME SUPPLY CO., 217, 219, 221 DRUMM ST.
The entire stock of Groceries. Hardware, Wil-
low and Woodenware, Klondike Outfits, Office
Furniture, etc.
C7"For particulars see Chronlclo.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
&>s — AT — #&?»
GRAND ARCADE HORBE MARKET.
327 SIXTH STREET.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY July 13, 1898.
At 11 O'Clock.
By Order of the Probate Court
We will sell at public auction property belong-
ing to the estate of the late J. C. THAVEU,
consisting of 9 horses, 2 hacks, 7 buggiea and
10 sets of harness, formerly used by the Bo-
dine Stable.
No reßervs or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Lh'estock Auctioneers.
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/jL,<«J§(j 025 KEAKST «T. Established
fjMlPwSfii in 1534 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<J2SKEAK3rr«T. Established
In isr>4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Af*Ci£«fc&;J'iAdlsi'a.M > wearing on body and mind and
(k^KS^Vf M Skin Dineases. Thedoctorcureswben
othnsfail. Try him. Charges low.
?^*2?«r3^i Cuiwcunrniilrrd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. I. «IBBO^,Boxl»s7,SaniVauclßco.
MIND WRECKED BY
DEVOTION TO STUDY
ARTHUR SYMONDS, A LINGUIST,
ORDERED TO AN ASYLUM.
Unhappy Close of a Career That
Promised to Be One of Unusual
Brilliancy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 12.
Arthur B. Syxnonds, whose mind has
been wrecked by overstudy, was brought
to the Receiving Hospital this afternoon
charged with insanity, and this evening
was sent to Xapa asylum.
Young Symonds is a scholar and educat
or of much ability. Ton years a .v: > > he at
t.-niled the high school at Fitchburg, 111.,
and subsequently with hip father ni'>v-l
to the coast, and young Symonds entered
the university at Berkeley, 11.- showed
great talent as a linguist, and from B< rke
!•■;. went to Harvard, where he graduated.
Some time later li<- was f.ppotnt«>d to a po
sition in the Presbyterian Boys' School at
San Rafael.
While doing this he studied Oreek at
B< rkeley and was also engaged as a tutor.
Receiving a valuable fellowship In Colum
bia University, he went to that Institution
and studied languages, and after two
years of remarkable success went toPi ris.
While there his mind weak sned and con- !
tlnued t<. Kive way. He returned to his:
home in Berkeley, and for a few months :
has been receiving medical aid, but his
brain has been overtaxed. He is not vlo- j
lent and gives little tangible proof of in
sanity, which form of lunacy the exam- |
lnlng physician declares to be mo.st griev
ous. Judge Greene ordered the young !
scholar to be confined In the State hos
pital at Napa.
S. B. McLenegan Succeeds A. L. Stone
OAKLAND. July 12.— Samuel B. Me- i
Lenegan. formerly superintt ndent of the
Ban Francisco and .San STateo Electric
Railway, has been chosen as secretary of
the Oakland, San I,(_-ar.dro and 11 ay wards
Electric Railway, vice A. L. Stone, re
signed. The formal meeting will be held
next Saturday to elect Mr. McLenegan,
but he is actively Interesting himself in
learning his new duties. To-day he spent I
in taking off a < opy of the assessments of
the road's property and franchises.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 12.— Mrs. Ready, a
widow, applied to Mayor Thomas to-day
to secure the discharge of her son, Wil
liam Foley, from the army. He has been
livinK in the East but recently his step
father died leaving his mother in need of
his support. She was referred to the Mili
tary Board.
Genevleve Sullivan, a child residing at
317 Tenth street, was bitten on the hand
by a dog in a neighboring: yard to-day
wluii she plac 1 her hand on the division
fence. Detective Shorey went to the
house, but declined to kill the ani
mal when its owner protested, as it was
in its own yard.
Ollie Fine, who claimed that he called a,\
his mother-in-law's to tell his wife good
by before «• ■:<'.(? to the Philippines, waa
to-day found guilty of disturbing the
peace and will be sentenced i<>-ni<>rrow.
The examination <>i' Louis Pigane, who
murderously assaulted F. W. Newell oti
4he Fourth, did not proceed to-day owing
to the attorneys not being ready. Newell
was in court and his fare showed hnv.
nearly Figane's hatchet came to causing
a death wound.
The case of Conrad Thaler, charged
with striking Mrs. Mary Plaharty with
stones, was partially beard in the police :
court to-day and continued till Saturday.
There is a deep seated family feud at
Eighteenth and Cypress streets, out oi !
which the present trouble grew.
J. Compomenso, a beer bottler, arrested I
for violating the liquor license ordinenci
forfeited $30 bail to-day, s. Walters will
have his trial on the 21st on a similar
charge; J. Sherman, on the 22d; P. Hen
sen, on the ITth: X. P. Reuss, on thi
28th, and F. \V. Stromberg, on the 2?£h.
Baxter I.i. Sedgeley, formerly a letter- :
carrier of this City, died of consumption
to-day, after a lingering illness. lie was
a native son, 32 years of age, and leaves
a wife nnd two children— Kittle and Allen
Claire Sedgeley. « Ho was a son of the
late John R. Sedgeley.
The auction rooms of T. H. B. Rosen
berg, on Washington street, were visited
by burglars lust night and plundered of
$20 in cash and oil paintings valued at !
$150. Entrance was effected through a j
roar door.
A. P. and J. B. Poirler qualified to-day
as sureties in an appeal of the annexa
tion suit. This assures the case being
taken to the Supreme Court.
The Building Is Settling.
AL.AMEPA, July 12.— Although the new
City Hall has been built for several years
it Is believed at this late day to be set- I
tllng, as the doors and windows have :
shown of late a tendency to hang in
their casings, while a section of pln-ner
has fallen from one of the ceilings. No
Berioua danger is apprehended, however, i
BUILDER DAHLBERG
MADE A MISTAKE
WOULD LOSE MONEY ON AN
ENGINE HOUSE.
He Asked the Fire and Water Com
mittee to Release Him From
His Contract.
E. Dahlbcrg 1 , contraotor, appeared be
fore the Fire and Water Committee of the
Supervisors yesterday and voicpd his re
gret at having boon declared the lowest
bidder for the construction of an engine
house at Holly Park. At the labt meet
ing of the board he had put in a bid of
$5881, the next highest bid being that of
J. H. McKay, who offered to do the work
for $i;2'.)5. a difference of $414. The contract
was awarded to Dahlberg and after the
first flush of joy had passed away and he
had had a sleep over it, he ruminated over
the $414 difference in the two lowest hi.]*,
and was repentant. He informed the com
mittee that he had made a mistake in fig
uring on the lumber and that if the board
should hold him to his contract he would
lose more than $600. He asked the com
mittee to release him from his contract or
to arrange some way by which he could
do the work without incurring the loss of
so much money.
Clerk Russell informed him that Super
ior Judge Seawell had ruled recently that
contracts must be awarded to the lowest
bidders and that th^y must be held on
their bonds for the faithful performance
of the work.
Contractor Dahlberp went his way after
promising to state his case In a communi
cation to the board.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending nams and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
«o.e SANTA . .
'■^\ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel li^'iinfj in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens; j
the great Bta>."- ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water tfarnlvals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
I Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
■ >. campers.
Full Information, rates, Illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st., Los Anir-.-ies, Cal.
SARATOGA SPBII6S.
Lake County, Cnl,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most i
picturesque Fpit and charming climate. Easy
of access i telephone connections and dally mall. '
j Rotes to cult all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro- '>
1 prietor, or In San Francisco. 416 Pins street. S\ ;
I A. BUSSE.
i PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, flne waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
I at 613 Market St.. S. F.. J8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
SU fl ff*O m)T S^KTVOS. Sonoma Co
Anuifl^.i lp ' y 4% hours from 8. F. and
VlinwUv but 9 miles' staging; waters
| noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath :
In Btate; ETimmir.g and boating; grand moun- ,
tain tcenery; excellent climate; good trout
itreams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, datly mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stage:;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburoa
ftrry at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, (i a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the j
I past three years. J. F. 11ULGREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bummer.
Boats Xree to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent !
table. Clean beds and careful attention to :
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles fTom
Truckee In the h°nrt of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbrokea j
forest. The Ideal spot for famUles because It Is
clean, no poison oak. no pr=ts. And pure air
and pure water. Address MT!S. H. M. CLF.M- i
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inds- '•
I T'pr.denre Lake will be open to the public.
"""ft REST and HEALTH
Id the foothills of the Sierra Heradas, nrarl'olfai, onC.P.R.K, j
Plalu. qniet retreat, flnfst sccienf. irsttr, inonn'ain air,
fruit, and all the y?ar aronn;l climate in California.
ld«! »ad lorroundlnji. Ou R. R., 1 Ji. miin from Kran.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet :
Address: Orchard Sprines. Chiauro p«rk, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Ccnst Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold ■
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, flne stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fl»hln«r and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. flO.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINO. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
i Scnnma County. 6 Hours from San Frane!»c<v
ONE OF NATUREVS WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
i ♦mbowered home. Bath bouse rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, eto.
NATURAL STKAit ANL> MINKKAL BATH 3
Tepid Swimming ake. Long-distance Tele-
j phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpaa«*<l.
i Terms. $10 and $15 per w«ek; 72 and $2 50 per
j day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from GlcnwooTJ, County of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1980
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate . unsurpassed for pulmonary
• troubles. Terms $7 and up. . Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
i etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 50c
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
W)4-*m*% No staging to get ther*.
/fiHBFi -I no fos. mosquitoes cr
iHivLIIO. winds when you are
*•■**•'***'• there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates riO. $12. $14 a week.
/■^ • c Round trip tickets $7. W.
ViA^dMA L - Mitchell. Manager:
F- v - Owen, Agent. Call
ktJ |/1 HkkfeiiJ Building.
, HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lokeport, Cal. ; v '.' '
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fln»
large grounds; special facilities for families
ani children: home cooking, boating, bathing,
; fishing: rates reasonable. Address RANK
! SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds ot skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved; rates $10 to $1S
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HATS, Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles (rum UoplanU; uiieuuaied soda
md magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages; terms *10 to *U per week.
Telephone. Buy through ttckets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor, Hopland. Ctl. -
LOCH LOMOND.
New house; nicely furnished; hard-finished
rooms; good table; everything neat and clean; \
S minutes from depot; rates $7 to $10 per week;
, postofflce. etc. C. H. WILLIAMS, Ben Lo-
mond, Cal. . -
DEER F*ARK INN !
; (Lake Tahoe), elevation: iiaO7 f'>e°t, opens Jun»: ,
1 . Fine accommodations. 5 Cottages with prl- !
Tete baths and open flrea. Table unsurpassed.
R. n. rates. 113 60 for ROUND IRIP J. 9. I
j XiIBBY, room 1. Flood building. Ban Francisco, |
IF YOU m
1 Are seeking for a <!e-
_x^^\. lightful and healthful
>5%% resort for the summer
yigt«as; "2! rl '_K^ months for your family.
P'SSiri^^^ttSOT not 80 remote from
4jlt«'s]?P" ** Jim I*,'1 *,' town but that you can
fc>sr]?E*»£l^^iL2iJl b e W |th them without
" *'— i neglectiD* your busi-
ness.
IF YOU ..... Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments |
only VA hours' travel from San Francisco, with ]
half hourly communication, day and evening; j
IF IT IS . . . . Your wish to conflns ;
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
ycur attention is directed to
H»ywards Park, at tin Terminus or the Oakland,
San Leacdro and Haywards Electric Railw&y.
O« IF YOU . m Are To.id of tenting, j
here you will lind a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel diniiu- room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club house. The cars of the company run
into the park. The monthly commutation rate
Is only $5: room and board, $8 per week; board
for campers, $5 per week. Campers ana room-
ers have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE. Haywarda
Club House.
HOXEL
METROPOLE,
'•$: -^ OAKLAND,
Af<42Mroacvk 43tb and Jefferson Sts.
WtPv^(f\lt^«r?^sl!l Only 35 minutes
SR^^T^SlS'y] trom San Fran-
§\f VlTfr^V-. W\ Only 35 minutes
from San Fran-
Ti» t i,»iJjU^j cisco.
: i'sfs* r f)«l^.fflS[ A Desirable Summer
;-B.^JS:.yi»trr«^g; and Winter Resort for
"* T~"T ~" Families, Travelers
R. M. briare, Prop, and Tourists.
HIGHLAU SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB j
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OK THE GREATEST MINERAi
springs In America; all Umls of amuse-
ments; new ewiniming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley First-class accommodations: rate* :
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
Ban Francisco office. 316 Montgomery «tre««.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
fillsTSPeis
The most plrturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State: a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur. Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
mornir.K trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
! GENSEN.
igaOROTARDWga
HEALTH SPRINGS Si
Plain, Quiet Retreat. Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit, and all the Year
Around Climate in California.
ld«»l proundsand surroundings. On R. R.,1 3 miles fm S.F.
$8 week. Open alfyear. £end for Booklet.
Address Orohard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Fanta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
I hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crui
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L, BELL. Prop.. South Bea
Lomond. ■"-. -'=..- '■:.■:■■ .v ; _ --^ «> •.•->."
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $8 week. R. H. BANFILL. Prop.
Unnnn i urir And roo*r 00 * hand In
UUUU LUVH ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL OISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
SUtfMiT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
! Dally mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
! commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
i DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. Placer Co.. CaL.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious 111— n; pic-
turesque scenery; mounta!n walks; pur*
cprlng water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and . gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address sit.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via rib-
; uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
I baths. Hotel completely remodeled tnd refill -
: nlshed. Water, gas, electric bells. T.ates $19 to
: $12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co..
Cal.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butt.'r. milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance ,at depot: 97
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage Hn«.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
! milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand iedwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Sea view, Sonoma County, or
apply IS. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. S. F.. tor par-
ticulars. ~>
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest flt-hlng and health resort on the Coaat.
For particulars write to EDSON iiKoS.. JJe»-
[ wick, ElslUyeu County, CaL , - «i
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Propriety
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
feu
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEIi AND COTTAGES.
PAIP ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HOWARD TOft r
IIV/ TT • r ***-*^ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations onßurpessed.
Rates, $S $10 and $12. Special terms to tarn-
' Illee. Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip, $19. Southern Paclflo of flea. «U
I Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
TO the country we — We will meet you at
the depot; good accomodatlons; desirable lo-
cation; terms $7; children $3 50. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale, Cal.
OCEAJST IBAV2L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j h^^ Steamers leave Broadway
1 fgW*^ wharf, San Francisco.
I ■-^JjWw For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i Iv**eSti''^ Ju1 > - 5>5 > 10 - 15 20 - "'• 3o> Au UBt
1 I^v P**4\wa 4>4 > transfer at Seattle.
KSvSBK jQI For Alaskan .rts (from
fiSl^^esClßsl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^"^^s^HA July 17, August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., July 5, 10, 15. 20, 25. 30, August 4. and every
| fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
For Eureka' (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
July 1. 7. 13, 19. 25. 31, August 6. and every
sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
Ran Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. July 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 24. 28.
August 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a m , July 2. 6, 10. 14. IS. 22, 26. 30, August 3,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joee del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Alt.-ita, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., July 19.
August 14.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
1 street (Palace Hotel). _
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & fl. GO.
MBPATCH FAST BTKAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Bertll
; IKriC S3 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:/
I Columbia July 2, 10. IS. 29
State of Calif crnia. July 6. 14. 22. 30
I St Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
i Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 17 50
Omaha 26 00|New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
• Company's Pier (new), 42 North >*.«©#
River, foot of Morton *t. Travelers < ZT TS
by this line avoid both transit by*» a "** C9 *'
j English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel In a small boat. New York to
I Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
! second cltss, $118.
LA NORMANDIE July 16, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE July S3, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGXE July 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE Aug. 6. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 13, 10 a. m.
: For further particulars apply to
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ■ ,
I ANCHOR LINE
United States Moll Steamships
j Sail from New York every Saturday foi»
Glasgow via Londonderry.
. Rates for Saloon Passage — City of Rome, $80;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin — Rome, $42 50; Furnassia, $37 50;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessla,
i 524 50; other steamers, $22 SO.
■ For Book of Tours and irfformation, apply to x
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents, 7
Bowling Green, New York; or J. F. FUGAZI,
5 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 111
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco. ■
fSBaJHSJSSS The S. S. ALAMEDA
Sfa»HEIL Rails vla Honolulu and
rfea 311 "Auckland for Sydney
3 - — ~^ Wednesday, July 13. at
SfwdlSllD^ 10 p. m. COCLGAR-
nMfoiffISnD c ' Ilne t0 COCLGAR.
G'JSmiiKii DIE, Australia, and
u5ff103129» CAPE TOWN. South
■w * * Ainca.
I J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
. Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamsr "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
- 9:4K 4- m.. 8:15 p. m. '8:30 p. m. ex. Thur».»
Fridays 1 p. m. aod 8:80 p. m.
"Pundaya .""..;... .10:30 a. m. and ) p. %
Lasdln* and Office*— Mission Dock. Plar X
J , . Xelepbon* Red 2241.
1112
OBJECTION TO
THE NEW TAX
A Big Protest Made by
Restaurant Keepers.
APPEALED TO WASHINGTON
CANNOT AFFORD TO PUT STAMP j
ON EACH BOTTLE.
It Is Claimed That a Rigid Enforce- j
ment of the Law Would
Mean Bankruptcy
to Many.
The restaurant keepers of this city, who j
have been in the custom of furnishing a j
bottle of cheap wine with each meal In
place of tea or coffee are protesting j
agalns the new stamp law. A meeting
waa held last week and Revenue Uroker
Youngberg was requested to draw up a
petition to be forwarded at once to Wash
ington. The paper, which bears the signa
ture of almost every deuler in the city, is
as follows:
SAX FRANCISCO. July 12, IS9S.
Hon. N. B. .Scott. Commissioner Internal
Kevenue, Washington, I). Dear Sir: We,
the undersigned, hereby petition that a rulu^
be made by the l>epartment of Internal Reve
nue, which will relieve us from tho require
ment of placing one and two cent stamps on
pint an.l quart bottles ot wine used by us as
Stated herein.
The law reads ns follows:
"Sparkling or other wines, when bottled for
nale. upon each bottle containing one pint or
less, one cent; u:>on each bottle containing
"re than one pint, two cents. • • • It shall
be deemed n. compliance with this act, ns t<
Euch articles on hand in the hands of whole-
Bale or retail dealers ns aforesaid • • • t<
artix the proper adhesive tnx stamp at the time
the packet, box, bottle, pot, phial or other ln
closure with it* contents is sold at retail."
We are held to I"- retail liquor dealers, under
the rules of the department, and pay an annual
tax of twenty. five dollars. The majority 01
Flgners hereto aie in fact boardlnp-house ami
restaurant keepers, whose business It Is to fur
nish meals to those who apply.
Am"!-.K other articles we nrv compelled to pro
vide with such meal is the Item of corfee, wine
or beer, as may be desired by the customer
No extra charge is ma.le where the diner calls
for wine or beer in place of coftVe. The de- I
partment, however, charges and collects S2. r . a 1a 1
year from us for the privilege of furnishing
wine or beer, although we cannot charge for .
the same and are tnerefore mulcted In that j
amount annually.
The wine we furnish, ns a rule, haa beon i
purchased by the barrel at the low price of I
from 10 cents to IS cents per gallon, but Is i
pure California wine made from the ordinary
grapeß and is classed as "yin ordinaire." The .
bottles are of the Bize that takes live to one
gallon. If the tax of two cents Is Imposed on
each bottle, it would cost 10 cents extra per
gallon, or from ''■• to 100 per cent Increase of
cost to us, without any compensation whatever
and with no margin of profit from which to i
stand the Increase of tax.
( >ur custom has been to place a quart bottle i
before the customer from which he can fill his
glass and dilute the wine with water. The
glass is refilled with wine and diluted with
water from time to time, during the meal, as .
may suit the customer. Whatever Is left in
the bottle remains clean and uncontamlnated,
and the bottle can be refilled from other par
tially filled bottles, and from the barrel, if the
contents are fresh. Wine is of such chemical
composition that all packages must be kept
full, and the air excluded or else the content
turn F"iir and become unfit for use.
Furthermore^ unless the wine is covered,
dust, flies and othe forelcn matter become
Incorporated with the wine, spoiling the same
and rendering It of no value. The law requir
ing stamps on bottles, we now claim does not
apply to the undersigned restaurateurs for the
following reasons:
The law states that "'wines when bottled for
pale" • • • shall be subject to the stamp
tax. The wines in question in this argument
were not and are not "bottled for sale" unde
the meaning and intent of the law, and there
fore are not liable to the stamp tnx. What is
the meaning of the term "bottled for sale"?
The intention of Congress must be limited and
denned by commercial usage and by the prac
tice "f the trade.
Under commercial usage "wines bottled fo
sale" are those which are bottled In large or
email wine cellars or by manufacturers, in
which the wine so bottled has been blended, clari
fied and aged, which is the only class of wine
that can be bottled. The bottle when fille.
with this commercial wine is tightly corke<
by corks driven in by machine pressure, the
bottle is handsomely labeled, the corks prop
erly sealed and capped. It is then wrapped in
tissue paper, inclosed In straw wrapper an
then finally cased In wooden boxes which are
nailed, wired and properly fastened. Whrn
this is done It becomes, under the commercial
terms and usages, "wines bottled for sale."
This Is the class of bottles that without any
doubt was intended to be etamr>ed with the
Etamps specified In the law.
The argument holds good even In the case
Of very small manufacturers or small bottlers
from the fact that every bottle of wine bottle
for sale, by the large or small dealer. Is pre
pared as above stated: except in some instance
the bottles are placed on shelves for sale, and
not Inclosed in the wooden boxes called "win
cases." The argument also holds good whe
considered in the light of the proviso, which
Etates "that it shall be deemed a compllanc
■with this act as to such articles on hand In
the hands of the wholesale or retail deale
♦ • • to affix th" proper adhesive stamp a
the time • • • the bottle, pot or other ln
closure with it? contents Is sold at retail."
Under a str:<-t Interpretation of this proviso,
as included in the law. no bottle of wine Is
liable to the stamp tax until such bottle and
contents are Bold at retail. If the bottle and !
contents are not sold and disposed of then
there can b» no liability to stamp tax. The
bottle as a bottle Is not liable to the stamp
tax. The wine as a wine (as in bulk Is not
liable to the Ftamp tax; nor is the wine when
placed in a bottle (pints or quarts) and not
Bold at retail liable to such Ftamp tax. The
wtne may be bottled by any person, and used
by himself, his family or his visitors, without ;
being liable to stamp tax. The essential act, ;
therefore. Is a sale of the "bottle and con
tents at retail" before such liability accrues. I
We. therefore, who almply place a bottle
filled with wine upon the table for the boarder
or dln'-r to take a drink, without labels, with
out wrapping and only lightly corked by hand,
have not "bottled that wine for sale," nor
have we "sold the bottle or its contents at re
. tall," and cannot under the law, unless it be !
by the most arbitrary and forced construction,
be held liable to the tax and compelled to stamp
euch bottles.
Furthermore, when we place a bottle of wine
before a customer he may only use a part of
the contents of such bottle. In fact, It would
be an exceptional case where even half of the j
bottle was used. Heretofore the bottle could
be Immediately refilled from other similar bot- '
tles Hnd no loss would be suffered by us. If the
bottles were liable to tax and compelled to
bear a stamp, we would be debarred from the
right of refilling such stamped bottle, and the
entire quantity would thus be lost to us.
This would break up our business and com- ]
pel us to refuse to serve wine with meals.
This would probably bankrupt nearly all the I
restaurants of this class and cause an Incon- !
ceivable amount of suffering to ourselves, our ;
families and our hired help, reducing all to
abject poverty. Nor would the Government '
receive any benefit from such an enforcement
of an arbitrary rule. No wine being used, no
tax could be collected: but even greater loss
to the Government would follow from the fact
that If we are forced out of business the Gov
ernment would also suffer the loss of $23 per |
annum which we are now compelled to pay for
the privilege of riving our California wine i
away with the meals.
The wine industry of the State would receive
a blow that It would be hard to overcome. Th»
large quantity of ordinary wines are consumed
In the restaurants and boarding houses, and
by them only. Tlemove this source of consump
tion and the demand for this class of wines
would entirely disappear. The vineyards as
well as the wine merchants derive their revenue
from this class of wine, an it forms the great
bulk of production. In fact, some markets de- ,
mand no oth»r kind. The poor people of all
large cities, New York, Chicago and oth»m.
use no other kind, as their means will not per- j
mlt the purchnse of any choice grade or high
priced wine.
The rule that holds good In San Francisco i
would be the rule Jn all cities and large towns
where cheaper restaurants cater to the wants
of citizens of only moderate means, and who
furnish ordinary but perfectly pure, whole- |
Borne wine at meals to the lahorlng class of
castomer*. The loss to the Government In the
non-renewal of the, $25 special tax would
amount to an enormous sum annually.
It may be rlalmed thnt 1 or 2 cents on each
bottle Ik bo small that it could not affect the
trade as herein claimed. It is true that 2 centH
Is not a large sum in Itself, but the tax
amounts to a large sum In the aggregate.
There .ire five so-called qunrt bottles to a gal
lon, nn<l nbout fifty gallrns to a barrel. This
would be a tax of 2 cents each on 2VI bottles,
or $."■ to each barrel. This class of wine is now
Felling at New Orleans nt 13 cents per gallon,'!
or $C r,O per barrel. The tax. therefore, would
be almost double the present price to the poor
reptnurnnt keeper. Many of these men furnish
meals nt from 15 cents to 2.", cents each, wine
included. It Is therefore plain to he j>een that
the mnrgln of profit must b» very small, nnd
the extra expense will be almost if not quite
prohibitory- .'" • — -• '-
As before stated, the loss Is not only In the
extra tnx, but also In the loss, occasioned by
th» wnste of wine, ns no Government officer
.would permit us to refill a partially emptied
. bottle from others, nor could we set a partially
filled bottle before our customers. The cus
tomer would feel Insulted 1 having the so
called remnants placed before him, and we
would thus either lose the patronage of Buch
mm or we must lose the remainder of each
bottle of wine. .
Therefore, from th» evident Intent of the law
as passed by Congress, nnd from the commer
cial usage as to classification of wlnos bottled
for sale and of bottles and contents sold at re
tail, we think you are not only Justified in
ruling thut our ordinary wine. In loosely
stopped bottles, not prepared for sale In the
markets of the world, are not taxable: but we
Rii further, and state thnt.we believe that any
other ruling would he contrary to the spirit
and plain intention of the law.
We claim further that the loss that must fol
low any ruling that this kind of wine and
temporary inclosure must be stamped, would
be contrary to the good of the Government,
from the great loss In revenue that must re
sult in the retirement from business of hun
dreds of restaurant keepers and consequent
lon in the present payment of special taxes.
We therefore respectfully request that a rul
lnc as petitioned for herein be granted, and
notice Bent to Collector John C. Lynch without
delay.
WOODMEN OF THE
WORLD TO CONVENE
! DELEGATES TO THE PACIFIC
CONVENTION.
The Coast to Be Well Represented at
the Session by Members Through
out the Jurisdiction.
John W. Browning, head clerk of the
Woodmen of the "World, Pacific jurisdic
tion, has issued the following official list
of delegates that will visit San Francisco
next month:
The following officers, pai=t officers, dele
gates und permanent committee comprise th
members of the fifth biennial session of the
Head Camp, Pacific Jurisdiction, Woodmen of
the World:
Head Consul— F. A. Falkenburg.
Head Adviser-A. H. Keith.
Head Clerk— John W. Browning.
Head Hanker — John K. SUlreman.
Head Auditor— Frank P. Bertschy.
Head Managers—.!. C. Balrd. W. c. Hawley,
11. N. Haynes. J. C. Latbhaw and I. I. Boak.
Head Escort— A. I>. Stlllman.
Head Watchman— C. D. Whitcomb.
Head Sentry — A. Kopfli.
Head Physician— T. A. Hughes.
Past Heud Consuls— M. T. Moses and C. V.
Cooper.
Visitor to Sovereign Camp— A. H. Davis.
W. C. Pardelllan and W. J. Davenport of
the committee on permanent reserve.
Sovereign Commander J. C. iioot and Sov
ereign Clerk J. T. Yates, visitors from Sov
ereipn Camp.
First District: Delegates— G. E. P.anks, Ever
ett. Wash.; R. L. Hodgdon. H>o2 Cherry street.
s. attlo. Wash.; C. H. Scott, Hoijulam, Wash
G. H. Fung, Olympia, Wash.; Elmer F. Con
nor, box 1071, battle, Wash.; C. S. Emery,
Ballard, Wash.
Alternates — Not reported.
Second District: Delegates— B. I^ether
man, Dayton, Wash.: N. O. Baldwin, Pomeroy,
Wash.; j. B. Cawthon. Palouse City. Wash.;
W. C. Clark. Wallace. Idaho; C. W. McCurdy.
Moscow, Idaho; C. W. Wheeler, Waitsburg,
Wash.; .1. A. Kellogg, Northport, Wash..
Alternates — W. T. Warren, Wilbur, Wash.;
John Paulson. Colfax, Wash.; C. A. Fausnet,
Kendrlck. Idaho; ■: A. Clay. Genessec. Idaho;
A. C. Coburn, Lewlston, Idaho; l. L. Weatfall,
Spokane, Wash.; Charles A. Gwinn, Gartlel'
Wash.
Third District: Delegates D. Taylor, Ore
gon City, Or.; W. S. Hufford, Corvallls, Or
C. O. burkhardt, Albany, Or.; Scott I»ozorth.
Salem. Or.; M. F. Hardesty. Astoria, Or
George W. Mitchell, Newbery, Or.; A. L.
Barbur, box 106, Portland, Or.; William
Colton. 414 East Tenth street, Portland,
Or . W. W. Lumsden, 134 Fourtenth Btree
Portland, Or. : E. C. Kirkpatrick. Dallas, Or ;
Ilirman Schade. care of Columbia Hotel, Port
land, Or.; E. K. White, 44G Burnside street,
Portland, Or.
Alternates- — T. J. Gary, Oregon City, Or.;
R. F. Holm, Philomath, Or.; F. E. Allen.
Albany. < >r. . D. C. Klnney. Sllverton. Or.;
E W. Wallace. McMinnvllle. Or.; W. J.
Wirtz. North Yamhlll, Or.: E. D. Williams.
ISS North Fifteenth street, Portland. Or.;
Charles Cleveland. Gresham. Or.; T. J. Ham
mer. 1002 East Washington, Portland, Or.;
William Parker. Ballston, Or.; W. G. Allen.
35 -North Eighteenth. Portland. Or.; T. J.
Brandes, 390 Morrison, Portland, Or.
Fourth District: Delegates- D. D. Williams.
Boise City, Idaho; L. B. Case, Pocatello, Ida
ho; H. K. Higson, Pocatello. Idaho.
Alternates— F. M. Saxton. Haker City. Or
D. B. Fisk. Baker City, Or.; C. J. Mills.
Huntlngton. Or.
Fifth District: Delegates— Q. W. Baker.
Pendleton, Or.; G. C. Osburn, Athena, or.; J.
M. Flllon, The Dalles. Or.
Alternates— F. C. Hlndle, Arlington. Or.: E.
P. Schon, La Grande, Or. F. B. Steven
Condon, Or.
Sixth District: Delegates— J. F. Day, Spring
field, Or.; W. U. Douglas, Marshneld. Or.; J
A. Slover. Grants lass. Or.
Alternates— J. W. Kays, Eugene, Or.; S. C.
Giles, Myrtle Point, Or.; C. W. Barr, Ash
land. o .
Seventh District: Delegate— T. L. Loofbor
row. Eureka. Cal.
Alternate— M. E. Dittmar, Redding, Cal.
Eighth District: Delegates— James A. McGuf
fin. Orovllle, Cal.; M. Robinson, Vacavlli
Cal.
Alternates— S. Barr. Yuba City, Cal.; F.
X Ellis, Woodland, <'al.
Ninth District: Delegates— H. C. Smith. 533
Castro street, San Francisco, Cal.; Richar
Fahy, 14 Noe street, San Francisco, Cal
George J. Strong, 3JS Eddy street. San Fra
cisco. Cal.; John L. Geary Jr., Mills building,
San Francisco, Cal.
Alternates— J. E. Pemberton, Uklah, Cal.;
C J Paton, 371 Geary street, San Franclsc
Cal.; w. j. Miller, 2724 Twenty-fourth street, i
San Francisco, Cal.; D. Oliver Jr., 3732 Twent
ty-second street. San Francisco. Cal.
Tenth District: Delegates— R. F. Roth. Vl
salia. Cal.; D. S. Ewing. Fresno, Cal.
Alternates— G. W. H.nkle, Lemoore. Cal.; D.
It. Cooley, Stockton, Cal.
Eleventh District: Delegates— Frank B. I
Ogden, Courthouse, Oakland, Cal.; H. B.
Smith, U62yj Fourteenth street, Oakland. Cal.;
E Q. Turner. Berkeley, Cal. R. D. Holllster.
Watsonville. Cal.
Alternates— F. M. Smith, Centervllle. Cal.;
P.. B. Borland, Martinez. Cal.; Frank Storer.
Klmhurst. Cal.; T. T. Crittenden. San Lv
(>l.ls])o Cal.
Twelfth District: Delegates— Henry Ramel,
Pasadena, Cal. ; C. C. Decker, Riverside, Cat.;
C. H. Bartholomew, P. 0., ban Diego, Cal.
Alternates— John Yates, San Jaclnto, Cal.:
E. C. Lockard, San Bernardino. Cal.; E. W.
Daniels, Riverside, Cal.
Thirteenth District: Delegates— M.
Elliott, care of Morrison, Merritt Company,
Salt Lake, I'tah; Robert J. Miller, corner
Twenty-third and Harrison. Ogden. Utah.
Alternates— Samuel J. Paul, 209 Progress,
Salt Lake, Utah; L. A. Copeiand, Murray,
Utah.
Fourteenth District: Delegates— .Tames 11.
Bondy, Great Falls, Mont.; C. J. Walsh, Ana
conda, Mont.; L. .1. Price, Dillon, Mont.; T. A.
Grigg, Butte, Mont.; H. S. Harper, Helena,
Mont.
Alternates— M. R. Wilson, Livingston. Mont.;
J. C. Dicken, Marysville, Mont.; A. McMurphy,
810 Getchel, Helena, Mont.; N. D. Moore, no
address; W. H. Ross. N. P. ticket office, Hele
na. Mont.
Flfternth District: Delegates— J. A . Mc-
Naught, Sundance, Wyo. ; W. A. Wyman,
Cheyenne.. Wyo.
Alternates— M. E. Malone, Kvanaton, Wyo.;
E. }' ?chaffner. Casper, Wyo.
Sixteenth District: I>el<\s;ates--R. E. Coule
lan. Boulder, Colo. ; <". V. Benson, Loveland,
Colo.; D. Streh!, Greeley. Colo.
Alternates— James D. Merwln, Ward. Colo.;
J. MacMllls, Berthoud, Colo.; E. E. Huffman.
Evans. Colo.
Seventeenth District: Delegates— P. J. Mc-
Intyre, 47 Railroad buildlns, Denver, Colo.;
J. \V. McHenry, box 916, Denver, Colo.; B. L.
ollock, Barth block. Denver, Colo.; Ed S.
Acres, 233 C Logan avenuo, Denver, Colo. ; T. J.
Day. 714 West Eighth avenue, Denver, Colo.;
rnes Stenhouse, IC2S Arapahoe Btreet, Den
ver, Colo. ; E. H. Snyder, 2522 Indiana avenue,
enver, Colo.; Thomas Fielding, 1711 Tre
mont Btreet, Denver. Colo.; W. S. Fox, 27 Rail
road building. Denver. Colo.
Alternates— F. W. Mclntyre. Brighton, Colo.;
C. O. Finch. Castle Rock, Colo.; B. M. Carr,
212 People's Bank building, Denver. Colo.; J.
V. Correa, 1862 Stout street, Denver, Colo.; F.
T. Barkhausen, 3917 Edmond street, Denver,
Colo.; John J. Vandernoer, 206 Boston block,
Denver, Colo.; W. J. Kelley, 1610 Stout Ptreet,
Denver, Colo.; F. S. Webb, 3616 Parmer street,
Denver, Colo.; O. A.Rlnehardt, Londoner block,
Denver, Colo.
Eighteenth District: Delegates— F. P. Hawke,
929 Routt avenue. Pueblo. Colo.; W. Vf. Green.
327 Block F. Pueblo, Colo.; E. W. Stephens, 70S
South Cascade avenue. Colorado Springs, Colo.;
A_ F. Hotchklss, Cripple Creek, Colo.; S. H.
White, Central block. Pueblo, Colo.; W. S.
Sperry, postofflc*. Pueblo, Colo, ; A. L. Fugard,
202 South Union avenue. Pueblo, Colo.; G. P.
Nix, Florence. Colo.; J. T. Lawless, Lamar,
Colo.; J. H. Black. Trinidad. Colo.
Alternates— E. S. Dodds. 1019 Cedar, Pueblo,
Colo.; W. M. Doherty, 929 Routt avenue.
Pueblo, Colo.; W. W. Jackson, 627 Klowa, Colo
rado Springs, Colo.; G. W. Hunt. Cripple
Creek. Colo.; J. H. Carver. 1021 East Sixth
street. Pueblo. Colo.; S. J. Burrls, Grand and
Twelfth, Puehlo, Colo.; E. G. Savage, 903 East
Seventh, Pueblo. Colo.; C. W. Tullls, Florence,
Colo.; J. S. Hasty, Lamar, Colo.; N. E. Charl
ton. Trinidad, Colo.
Nineteenth District: Delegate — Thomas Y.
Brndshaw. Ouray, Colo.
Alternate— C. I. O'Keefte, Durango, Colo.
Twentieth District: • Delegates— Alden Baa
sett. Del Norte, Colo.; John E. Hope, Sallda,
Colo.
Alternates— E. K. Baker. Hooper, Colo.; O.
R. Meachnm, Salida, Colo.
Twenty-first District: Delegates— J. L.
Wright, Leadville, Colo.; W. R. Wilson. Aspen,
Colo.; F. J. Ballinger. l>eadville. Colo.
Alternates— M. P. Rlpperton. box SO4, Aspen,
Colo.; F. L. Davis. Meeker. Colo.; J. L. Her
wlck. Eagle. Colo.
JOHN W. BROWNING.
Head Clerk.
The henii consul has appointed the follow
ing named persons ns a committee on
transportation for the fifth biennial session
of the head camp, to meet In Ban Francisco,
August noxt: •
For Colorado, T'tah and Wyoming John W.
Browning. Denver; .F. P. Bertsehy, Denver:
John K. Shlreman, Pueblo; J. L.. Wright.
Leadville.
For Washington, Oregon, Montana and
Idaho— C. V. Cooper, PortTand, v Or.. and A. B.
Keith, Butte, Mont.
For California— l. I. Boak, Oakland, CaL
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
RAN AMUCK ON THE WATER FRONT
Oscar Pile, a Hilarious Soldier, Uses His Guns on
Police and Civilians.
Armed with two large revolvers and weighted down with a good load of
fighting Whisky, Oscar P. Pile, a private in Company A of the Sixth Cali
fornia Regiment, essayed to run the waterfront last evening and was
quite successful in the attempt for a time. He was finally rounded up by
Officers Dower and Bailey before he had done any more damage than badly
frighten a number of people and inflict a slight gunshot wound in the right
hand of Charles J. Johnson, a barkeeper at 231 East street.
The police say Pile had been sent to the city from Alcatraz with a corpo
ral's guard to hunt up some of the boys who were missing from the regi
ment He soon wearied of the work assigned him and dropping from the
squad began to enjoy himself. By evening he was in a condition to
imagine that he could run the entire city and started in on the waterfront.
Complaints were made at the Harbor Station that a drunken soldier was
running amuck, Insulting ladies, frightening children and bluffing men with
his guns.
Officers Dower and Bailey learned of the trouble and went in search of
the soldier. After some search they found him and in doing so made them
selves targets for his bullets and consider themsolves fortunate that they
were not killed. Directed by a woman whom Pile had threatened the offi
cers wont Into a yard in the rear of a saloon at 2.'!1 East street. They entered
from Oregon street and had no sooner opened the gate than Pile opened tire
on them sending two bullets in their direction. As he Hred.the soldier retreat
ed toward the door of the saloon, which he entered and then opened fire on
the inmates. The customers beat a hasty retreat, but the barkeeper, Ander
son, went to the assistance of the police who had bravely followed the sol
dier. The officers seized Pile by the hands and disarmed him and in the
scuffle which ensued one of the pistols was discharged, the ball taking effect
in Anderson's right hand.
The soldier was finally subdued, disarmed and taken to the Harbor Sta
tion, where he was charged with assault to commit murder. The weapons
by the aid of which he sought to take charge of the city were a .38 Iver-
Jobnson hammerless and a .45 Smith and Wesson about fourteen inches long.
He carried them in holsters attached to a belt, which was filled with fifty
rounds of ammur.lt kin.
Anderson was taken to the Harbor Hospital, where his hand was dressed
by Dr. Deas. The wound, while painful, is not dangerous.
A GLIMPSE AT
REAL ESTATE
Active Business Still Ex
ceedingly Dull.
NO LARGE SALES MADE
STRIKING CONTRAST IN BUILD
ING PROGRESSION.
General Review of Records, New
Building Contracts, Recent
Sales and Other
Notes.
Progress In the real estate market is j
still slow nnd uncertain, and there ia
nothing tangible at present to base a i
prophecy of what the present stagnation '
may result in. Brokers are sanguine,
however, that after the summer months an
active business will be again renewed, as
the present season is usually the dullest i
in the year. Few, if any, sales of more ;
than passing comment have been negoti- i
ated by the large firms that control the
business of the entire market, and there ,
Is consequently, absolutely nothing to
cheer the smaller brokers, except the rent :
agency departments, which, an a rule
sustain the different firms, both large and
small, through every period of depression
or stagnation.
The mortgages and releases are In the
minority, and have been for the past two
weeks, there being no pledges exceeding
the $30,000 limit, and no releases for more
than $15,000.
Building, however, is increasing, both In
the number of contracts awarded and In
value.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
I .urine the past week there were twenty
nine mrtnm and trust deeds recorded,
amounting to 165.165. For the same period
fh.rt>-se" B en release* and reconveyances passed
to record in the total sum of {1.0,843.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds are
as follows: ' By Henry Callleaud to Isabella
Levy. $15,000 for live years at 7 per cent on
t.roriertv In the total mini ot (120.843. 201. sltu
. principal mortgages an.! trust deeds are
,Uows ]'•> Henry Cailleaud to Isabella
$ir. iWO f<-r Bye jremr* at 7 per cent on
kT^d Vty in 60-vara bl «ki 1* and 2..lsltu
reapectively on the westerly line of lUmd,
40 feet north of Gi - north 20 by west 5, .b,
and the southerly line of Sutler 62:6 east of
enworth, east 25 by south 87:6; by the Ger
man Savtags and Loan lety to Isabella W.
Tlndal. $SWO for one year at 7 per cent on
pronerty In the 50-vaW block 214. situated on
the northerly line of Jackson, 187:6 west O
Taylor weM 62:6 by north 137:6: by the Hlber
nia Savings and Loan Society to ( arollne and
Ludwig Koster, MOW. on property in Mission
block 8, situated on the southwesterly lino of
Tenth 200 feet southeast of Folsom, southeast
60 by' Bouthwest 90; by the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society to Thomas E. lynn. $4000
for one year at 6V 2 -er cent, on property In
Mission block SO situated on the westerly line
of Valencia 312:6 fe.t north of Sixteenth,
north 32:6 by west 90; by Herman Meese to
Frank H and Augusta Eckenroth, $sOOO for one
year at 7 per cent on property situated on
the corner of Francis street and Telegraph road.
northwest 100 by northeast 200. lots .U to 82.
In the Academy Tract.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as folio From the Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society to Ernest Brand,
$5000 on property In the one hundred block 321,
situated on the southwesterly line of Steuart.
5G southeast of Mission, southeast 37:6 by south
west 45:10; by William ("rant: Spencer to George j
I' Barron, $25,000 on property in tho 50-vara i
blocks 97,224 and 172, situated respectively on
the southerly line of Post street, 107:11 feet
west "f Kcnrny. west 100 by south 122:6; the
southwest corner of Taylor and Geary streetH,
south 187:6 by west 137:6; and the southerly
line of Kddy. 275 east of Mason, south 94:9 by
northeast 161:9: from William Crane Spencer
to George E. Harron, $5000 on property situa
ted as above and consisting of three pieces;
from German Savings and Loan Society to
t.ert W. and I«outse T. Grafr, $."'OOO on prop
erty in the Mission block If., situated on the
northeast line of Thirteenth, 171:3 f»ot south
east of Mission, southeast 30, northeast 162,
northwest SO, southwest 160; from Herman
Meese to Frank H. Eckenroth $8000 on prop
erty in the Western Addition block 433, situa
ted on the corner nf Francis and Telegraph
road, northwest 100 by northeast 200: from the
Bay City Loan Association to Edward P. Farns
wcrth $5600 on property In Western Addition
block 543, situated on the southerly line of
Washington, 156:3 feet west of Broderlck, west
25 by south 127:5>4; from the German Savings
and Loan Society to Joseph Band, $6150 on
roperty in Mission block 6S. situated on the
easterly line of Valencia, SO feet south o'
Eighteenth, south 22 r > by east 80; from Capita
Bank and Loan Association to Frank and
Helle W. Morton, $7200 on property In the
Western Addition Mock 802, situated on the
southerly line of Washington, 103^ feet east of
Walnut, east 34:4V4 by south 127:8Vi.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Westerly line of Hyde, 37:G feet ajuth of
Jackson, south 25 by west 87:6— A1l work for a
two-story frame building; owner, Thomas K.
Dunne; contractor. W. Patterson; architect, A.
J. Harnett; cost, $4418.
Northerly line of Liberty, 225 feet east ot
Church, east 25 by north Carpentry, plas
tering, p'uniUng, painting, etc., for a tw«
story frame building; owner, A. W. Wallace,
architect, plnns by contractor; cost, $iai."..
Southerly line of Page, 117:3Vs feet wesi of
Baker, west 23 by south 137:6— Carpentry, plaa
tering, brick and stone work for a two-story
frame building; owner. Louis Hoekele; archi
tect Julius E. Krafft; contraoio.^, Anderson
& Greis?; cost. $3300.
Southerly line of Twenty-sec 280 fo^-t wett
of Douglass— All work for a one story cottage;
owner, architect and contractor, Jacob Hey
man; cost. $1600.
On northerly corner of lot 333, ot the south
westerly line of the San Bruno Road; owners,
Richard and Robert Sternltzky; architect, H.
Geilfuss; contractor, W. Horstmeyer; cost,
$2000. -./V :
Northerly line of Jackson, 137:6 feet west oi
Taylor west 62:6 by north 137:6— A1l work ex
cept cnorcte, plumbing, painting and »lt»e •
trlcal work for a three-story frame building;
owner, Isabella W. Tlndal: architect, R. li.
White; co!. tractor. J. G. Adams; cost. $11,161. -
Junction of Market and Hayes streets—Alt.or
ations and additions to the St. Nicholas Hotel;
owner, Barlett and C. F. Doe; architect. Ed
ward R. Swain: contractors, Robinson & Gil
lesple; cost, $3335. v ':"->•:
RECENT SALES.
The residence and property of Mrs. Irwtn O.
Stump on the northerly line of McAllister
street, 100 feet east of Scott, was sold recently
to Edwin H. Mozart for $27,500, through the
agency of the real estate firm of Baldwin &
Howell. The lot is 100 by 137:6 feet, the orig
inal cost of which alone was far greater than
the ' recent price obtained for both site ana
property.
The aggregate value of the June sales na
gotiated by the firm of Thomas Magee * Sons
was $1,057,710, being a marked Improvement
on sales for all previous months of the pres
ent year with the exception of January, the
sales of this month having been far below tht«
record of all succeeding.
RANDOM NOTES.
The building on the northeast corner of Bush
and Powell streets, one of the oldest In the
city, has been demolished to make room for a
n>-\\ structure to be erected by the Fletcher-
Ryer Company.
The brick building on the northwest corner
of S&nsome and Jackson streets recently pur
chased by Henry P. Sonntag has been [eased
by the- new owner to the Hayden Packing
Company for five years at a rental of $1800 a
year.
The total cost for the erection of a brick
building on Fremont and Howard street* tor
the owner, W. F. Whittier. Is $12,000, JIO.uOO
of which has already been let in contracts.
Mrr,. H. Llcbes will' erect a magnificent resi
dence, on the corner of Broadway and Fill
more streets Plans have already been pre
pared by M. J. Lyon for a $10,000 structure.
Homestead declarations have been filed by
Rosa Ad.Msdorfer on the property on the
westerly line of Gough street, 60 feet north of
Bush, for (10,000
The Sutra hI.H-ks south of the Park are sub
jects of Inquiry at very low figures.
James S. Wethered has leased to the Occi
dental Land ami Improvement Company the
premises on the south line of Market street,
100 feet west of Second, for ten years at $400
a m'inth.
Mrs. Isabella W. Tlndal Is about to erect
five large flats on her property on the north
silo r,f Jackson street, 137:6 west of Taylor.
They will ever a space 62:6 by 137:6 and will
cost over $16,000. R. H. White Is the architect.
A. Nowell, tho Guatemala coffee planter,
will soon build a handsome colonial residence
on plans by Havens & Toepke on Seventh
avenue, Oakland, between East Eighteenth
and East Nineteenth streets.
Jacob Heym.in is building another flve-room
and-bath cottage on the south side of Twenty
seeond street, 200 feet west of Douglass.
The Tax Collections.
Tax Collector Block's annual report
shows that less than 10 per cent of last
year's taxes wore delinquent at the close
of the fiscal year. The delinquencies, in
creased by the costs and penalties,
amount to about $61'.0n0. There is a short
ape in the general and special fee funds
of $90,000 and in the school department of
$150,000.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 12.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen, 5 days from Wll
lara Harbor.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market rp* Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SST Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; -• -->n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission «treet; open until 9 o'clock.
1805 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-secor.d and Kentucky
streets; open until H o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. ft
M.— D. 1 THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- J^
ING, Jul> 13, nt 7:30 o'clock, liy ■r.i-'tfV
of the Master. /▼>
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and ft
A. M. — Meeting THIS (WEDNES- Mb
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First 'Jssf
degree. THEO. FROLICH, Sec. /V> '
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. nnd A. M.— ~i
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) m /W
EVENING at 7 o'clock prompt. Third Tiljf
degree. ('. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ft
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- A
]>AY> EVENING. July 13. at T.^'lfX
o'clock. Flr.«t degree. /^r >
TIIEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
l Ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco j
! and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company '
■ will be held at the office of the company, No.
821 Market Ft., San Francisco, Cal., on TUES- '
DAY, the 19th day of July. IS9S. at the hour !
of 2 p. m., for the purpose* of electing a \
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
j year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
• THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So- I
| ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani- I
j mals will be held In the society's office at i
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama I
sts., on MONDAY, July 18, 1898, at 4 p. m..
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will bo elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
339 HAVES ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and jids taken. ;-.:-.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1, 1898. to July 1. 1898, are as
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7, Mary
Kelly 7; half orphans — Anna Madden 8, Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 3. Enesti Pratra 4
(male). Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney S, John
Rooney G, Anvedrn vetera C (male), Vlcto-
reen Holland 3. Elisa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
land 4. William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31. 1597.
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt., room 6: tel. 6580.
I ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post St.;
j room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15"/4 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
CLARA NORDLINGER. ' alcohol baths and
mar-zage. 101 Eddy st..' room 12.
DIVIDEND XO'lir..S.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 67 (flft>
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on ana
after Wednesday, July 2ft, IS9B. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, July 14, IS9S,
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND -.otlce— Nevada National Bank
of San Fran ■ »co— A. dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th Inst.
Transfer books • will be closed from 10th to
! 15th Inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVI DSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. July 8. IS9S.
i OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan So-
I ciety, cor. Market. McAllister and Jones sts.
—San Francisco, June 2., IS9S— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
! ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
I . clared nt the rate of three and three-fifths
(S 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30. IS9B. free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
I 1898. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
E PLO YM ENTOFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment First-class se-
lect help. 835 Market st.: nhone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS AVANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES— For prompt attention to your orders
and careful selection of servants call on or
telephone C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary
St., phone "Grant" ISS.
SWEDISH housegtrl. understands American
and German cooking: best of references; cltj
or country. MRS. NORTON. Swedish and
German Employment Bureau. 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl. good cook, $15; good ref-
erences. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter
St.; tel. Green 721.
YOUNG, strong woman wishes work by the
day; understands all kinds work. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl desires situa-
tion; city or country; or as nurse; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation a
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CL'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRLS of all nationalities with references
awaiting situations at MRS. lIIRD'S Em-
ployment Office, 631 Larkln St.; tel. Sut-
ter 52. ._
SITUATION wanted for first-class cook and
general house girl; highest references. 31
13ush st.
YOUNG German. 23, who does not drink nor
use tobacco in any form, desires steady po-
sition as Janitor, choremnn or as general
worker in store: 3 years in ehanre of a
school building; In the East; best of recoin
mendations. Address CARL MOBS, 661 How
ard Kt.
COMPETENT young nurse, experienced In mas-
eage, desires engagement with invalid; nerv-
ousness a specialty and accustomed to trav-
ellng. Address A. 8., 1233 Page st. ; city ref-
erences.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a position a
cook or housework in a small family; gooi
references. 900 Folsom st.
COOK and waitress wishes situation on ranch
or Gmall hotel; country preferred. Address
SOOV4 Folsom Bt.
COOK and waitress wishes situation In same
place; country preferred. Address 609 Ten-
nessee st., Potrero.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to take care of
children and assist with upstairs work. 524
Shotwell st.
GIRL -wishes place to do light housework or
take care 1 or 2 children, $12 to $15; refer-
ences. Call 4is Twenty-ninth st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as housekeeper
or cook In private family; city or country.
Call 347 Minna Ft.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; references; Oakland. Cal
1206 Laguna st.; no cards.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking. Address 1303 Stock-
ton st.
LADY of ability and education would tak
charge and do morning work in lodgln
house for the rent of 3 housekeeping rooms.
Box 254, Call office.
LADY would like to do sewing in families by
the dny or would take work home; good
dressmaker; terms reasonable. Address box
46. Call Of flee »
SITUATION wanted round a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself useful;
understands care of horses, garden and can
milk; reference. J. C, box 70. Call.
WANTED —Situation as gardener, care o
bones, etc.. by mtddle-aged active man; first-
class recommendations; wages moderate.
Gardener, box 156, this office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in small
■ family by lady with a child; good home more
I object than wages; i.o objection to country.
i Address M. A., Call Branch, 106 Eleventh st.
WANTED— Position by first-class saleslady;
Final! wages; be<=t of references. Address M.
A., Call Branch. 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG lady desires position to assist book
keeper; small wages; object practical knowl-
edge. Address M. A.. 106 Eleventh St., Ca
Branch.
COMPETENT young woman, short time from
East, wishes position as cook In private fam
lly or housekeeper; no objection country- Call
702 O'Farrell st. _____
CAPABLE American would like situation in
American family to assist In light work; n
objection to the country; kind treatment. Bo
57, Call Office.
YOUNG married woman wishes light house-
work, or as companion in exchange for home.
Address H-, S2IU Post st.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl, hous
work and cooking; wages $15 to $20. Addre
A, Branch Call office. 357 Hayes st. _
NEAT American girl, good cook, wishes to do
light housework: wages $12 to $15; referenc
Bleep home. B8 Halght si.
YOUNG Protestant woman wishes light house-
work; co.id plain cook; wages moderate
Please call 1005 Capp st., near Twenty-tlfth.
AMERICAN woman desires situation In a
small family; good cook; no washing; good
references. ''• 8., 4i:< Stockton st.
NEAT young girl desires sltuatton at house-
work In small family. l- X., *li Stockton st.
GERMAN woman wants laundry work and
houseclennlng; $1 10 per day. 350 Fifth St.
REFINED middle-aged German working house-
keeper wants situation; city or country. 2.'.:'
Stevenson <«t., bet. Id and 4th, near Market.
SITUATION by middle-aged woman; good
cook; will do light homework; will work for
moderate wages; city or short distance In
country. Apply 10 Btockton place, off Stock-
ton St.. bet. Post and Butter.
WANTED— By a respectable young woman
with a child, a situation as working house-
keeper; object good home; wages no object;
city or country. Address box 63, Call office.
PY refined y.-i!ng lady of practical business
education, position as office assistant, book-
keeping, correspondence, typewriting; wages
moderate; experience wanted; city references.
L. 1)., 413 O'Farrell Pt.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes a posi-
tion as infanfs nurse; city or country; wages
$20 to $25; best city references. 613H Haight.
FRENCH lady would like to go out by the day
mending or plain sewing; 50c a day and
meals. Address or call 252 Tenth st.
COLORED woman would like a position to do
general housework In city or country. Call at
144 Fifth st., cor. Natoma.
WANTED Position ns invalid attendant;
would do light housework; references. G. M..
box 2, Call office, Oakland.
' YOUNG Swedish woman, housework or secono.
t work: American family. Call 1225 Pierce st.
WOMAN wants work by the day housecleaning
and washing. 1579 Fifteenth st.
! I EDUCATED lady wants position; companion
or nurse; musical; domesticated; small sal-
; ary. Box 47. Call offlce
" COMPETENT, trustworthy person wishes posi-
1 tion as housekeeper or any position of trust;
• good cook and seamstress. Address L. M.,
box 5, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG married woman wishes housework
and cooking in exchange for room and board
for herself and husband. Box 31. Call.
t WANTED— Position as housekeeper for hotel,
i rooming house or private family; would ac-
, cept a place ns governess; best of references.
r Box 205, Call office.
BY competent woman, position as cook. 1 Mar-
tha place, off Geary, bet. Mason and Taylor.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
■ Call. Sent to any address In the United
' States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
1 CHINESE nnd Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
s tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
V CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
4 best help. 414H O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
- NOTlCE— Superintendent and manager of
large ranch, at present employed, but deslr-,
ing a change, is open to engagement; thor-
oughly understands grain, fruit and stock;
- best of California references. Please address
I box 59, Call office.
WANTED— Situation of any kind In a whole-
sale house or manufacturing establishment
• where there is a chance for promotion If
v found worthy, by a well educated man of 34,
~ with the best of references and a member of
several secret orders; wages small to begin.
Address box 116. Call office.
* MARRIED man with family wishes the entire
- charge of ranch; thoroughly competent; wages
J reasonable. Address M. C, box 10, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
~ SINGLE man, handy around horses, also with
tools, deslreß any kind of position. Address
box 65, Call office.
> WANTED— Situation as general man; la good
r vegetable gardener; understands horses, cows
9 and poultry; wages reasonable. Address J.
a R, H.. box 9, Call office, Oakland.
I. FIRST-CLASS barber wishes steady work; city
or country. Box 171, Call office.
- YOUNO man aged 22 would like a position as
k grocery clerk or driver for a delivery wagon;
9 best of references. Address box 53, Call.
), POSITION as assistant bookkeeper, stenograph-
er and typewriter by a young man; first-class
o references. Box 70, Call Office.
STEADY man wants situation to care for
horses, carriages, lawn, garden; good refer-
_ ences. 80x, 73, Call office.
J" JAPANESE honest boy wants situation as
'l schoolboy; understands English very good;
£ wages no object. S. W., IS Mary st.
•* JAPANESE student wants place to work In
18 city or Berkeley. Y. S., 1706 Devlsadero 6t.
n SITUATION wanted by flrst-class cheeee-
L maker or foreman of dairy and ranch. " Dox
■ 237, Call office. * _
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con
RELIABLE man with best or recommendations
would like position In retail or wholesale
house, where there is a chance for advance- I
ment; speaks German and English. Box 888, I
Call. <;.:■,-.; I
YOUNG man, understands care of horses and
cows and general work about a place, de-
sires work; references if required. Address I
box 54. Call office. "."•- ■-'.■ "■■* ■ '■'
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
CrTrTrCNSE^X^aTIoT^EARY^Tr
WANTED TO-DAY
Waitresses for Fresno. $25, fare paid: Fres-
no, $20. fare paid; Cisco. J2O, fare paid;
Napa, $20; Woodland. $20, and 2 waitresses,
city hotels, $20: cook, summer resort. $35;
cook, small restaurant, country, $25 and fare
paid; houseglrl, 2 in family, $23. and $20
bouseglrls. city and country. $25 to $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
,\ MBKKMAID and waitress, springs, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter St.
GERMAN second girl, $15. MISS CULLEN.
"2."i Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, summer resort, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
_Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 SECOND girls, city and country, $20 and $25;
chambermaid and sewlns, $20; second girl
and nurse, $20: Protestant cook, plain wash,
2 in family, $2.', see lady here at 10:30 to-day;
9 waitresses and chambermaids, hotels,
resorts and restaurants, $20, 122 50; laundress,
small hotel, $20; 2 cooks, boarding-houses.
$20: and girls for housework and cooking.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
LADIES! For an Al servant see J. F. CROS-
KTT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN housekeeper, $15; cook, $30; house-
plrl, $25; nurse, $10; chambermaid, $15; second
girl. 120. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED women, $20; German second
girl, $15; nurse, $15; waitress, $20, country; 2 I
houseglrls at $20 each; 8 young girls to assist,
$10 to $15: two cooks at $25 each. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED women, $12; German nurse-
girl, $10; waitress and chambermaid, $20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WAITRESS for the springs, $20; girl for house-
work, ranch, $15; housework girls, etc.
MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay st.
OFFICE clerks, salesladies, cashiers, bookkeep-
ers, housekeepers, shop and store help find
paying positions at 313 Bush St.
2.'. GIRLS for hotels, restaurants and private'
families, at once. 313 Bush st.
4 WAITRESSES, springs. $20; 3 chambermaids,
$20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, perfect fitter,
goes out at $1 25 per day. Address MRS. M.
FLOHR, 1835 Howard st., near Fifteenth.
VOCAL teacher wants young lady to play |
accompaniments daily between 12:30 and 1:30
p. m. ; state torms. Address box 58, Call.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady for light house-
work: 1 in family; good home; small wages.
150 Cook st.
YOUNG woman wrvnted to assist In houee-
work: also to take care of children. Apply
631 I'age st.
EXPERIENCED wrapper hands on electric I
mnchines; also hands to take work home.
41f.ii Ellis st.
100 GIRLS to re«l fruit. Overland Packing
Co., 912 Battery Ht.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1812 j
Fell st.
\V.\NTi;i -A good lunch waitress. People's
Restaurant, C3l Clay st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $12. 1124
Greenwich st., near Hyde.
WANTED — First-class pants finisher. 724^4
Market Ft., room 27.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework
and cooking. 1620 '".•■ary st.
GIRL for cook, must be good cook. $20. 1562
Post ft., near Octavia.
TAILOREPf? on custom coats and make button-
holes. 140 Rubs st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl wanted for gen-
eral housework. 1202 Dolores st. cor. 25th.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. Apply 824
Harrison St.. bet. 9:30 and 11:30.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework.
Apply at 24 Sixth st.
WOMAN to help do housework; no objection
to one child. 2224 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. Apply at 432
Montgomery st.. room is.
TAILORESS wanted; steady Job. Apply 347
Third st.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking; wages
$20. Apply 740 Castro st.
GIRL from 14 to 16 for light housework. 716
Franklin st.
GIRL to mind children: short distance in the
.-.try. Call 1310 Buchanan st.
WANTED — Woman 28 to 33 years old for com-
anion and light duties: good home; small
wages; ! in family; middle-aged people; coun-
try, Santa Clara County, near San Jose. Box
580, San Jose.
WANTED— cirl for general housework.
Call at 1322 Masonic aye. (Halght-st. car).
APPRENTICE for hair work wanted at G.
LEDERER'S, 111 Stockton st.
LEARN dreesma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, lO7> Market
«t. ; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
WANTED— and ladles to learn "Rood's
magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
HELP WANTED— MALI?.
COOK, small resort, $50; Italian restaurant
cook, $55; broiler, $50; cook, small hotel, city,
$35; country. $35; second cook, small country
hotel, $35 and fare advanced; lunchman, $45;
pantryman, make salads, $30; American
■ dishwasher for a country hotel, $25 and fare
paid; potwasher for the springs, $25 and fare
paid; kitchonhand, $6 a week; candy maker,
$10 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
UKAIi waiter, country commercial hotel, $35
and fare paid; waiter, miners' boarding-
house, $25; restaurant, near city, $35; plain,
hotel near city, $25; 4, commercial hotels,
$25; city, $10 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
ELEVEN colored waiters, different resorts and
hotels, $25 each and fares paid; bell boy, $10
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary »t.
TWO laundrymen or laundryman and wife, for
a city institution, $60; washer, $30; lroner,
city, $30; country, $30; marker and distribu-
ter. $35; all with found. C K. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
RANCH blacksmith, $40 and found; shop near
city. $2 50 a day; ranch, $35. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
GANG edgerman, $45 and board; head logger,
$60 and board; 4 barkers and buckers, $35 and
board: also choppers; 10 farmers, same ranch,
$20 and found, steady Job the year round;
11 farmers, different ranches, $20 and found;
choreman, hotel, $15; bedmaker, springs, $15-
vegetable gardener, $25 and found; milker'
$20; milker, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FOR Alaska — Skaguay Railroad.
We ship by steamer Friday. July 15, at spe-
cial reduced rates, 300 laborers and 100 rock-
men, SOc an hour; work 11 hours a day, in-
cluding Sundays. Call and get particulars
from C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS, laborers and scraper loaders, at
$20 and board and $1 75 a day, for all of the
different railroad camps doing work in Cali-
fornia ■ - . Free fare.
Call and see us -Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GANG of Italians to go to work on the rail-
road in British Columbia; $1 05 n. day and
board and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for 14 miners. $30; second
cook, resort, $40; second cook for restaurant.
'• $10 week; cook, $G0; 2 hotel second cooks, $2">
and $35; 3 waiters, $25; restaurant waiter. $3.'.;
P colored waiter for resort, $25- and others Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— and wife, resort, who under-
stand working, In baths, massage, etc.. $60:
farmer and wife for resort, $40; typewriter
find shorthand clerk; 2 laundrvmen for insti-
tution, $25 and $30 and found; 2 quartz
miners: carpenter for mine, $40; ironers, $2
day; laborers, $1 and board; and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Mike Bosli, dairyman, please call;
Scandinavian or German porter for saloon,
$20 and board; 6 men for brick yard, no ex-
Jperience required, $2S and board and fr. c
fare; 10 farmers and milkers, different coun-
ties; restaurant waiter, $45; cook, $50; broiler.
$50; fry cook. $40; man to milk 6 cows and
do chores, nice place in country. $15 and
found; and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay St. .;■;. ■_ : -^ ;.::':'
WANTED— Neat young man, 17 to 20 years of
age, as assistant barkeeper for first-class
hotel bar in Santa Cruz, $20 per month, with
room and board; no particular experience re-
quired, but must have references. years D.
as assistant barkeeper for first-class
bar in Santa Cruz, $20 per month, with
and board: no particular experience re-
1. but must have references. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
ED— Man for institution, take care of
horse and' garden: German or Swedish; wages
125. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
.............. MURRAY & READY
Want to-day ••••
354 railroad 'laborers $1 75 °a T
Teamsters ■••;;■ J, 1 en " a *
JO laborers, city Jobs .....$1 75. $1 60 day
6 teamsters, city jobs ;^-Vo- '° a */n
14 farm hands, different plac.-s $2h,_s2. and $20
3 choremen for ranches.. s2o and Slo and found
Engineer for a ranch .$3O and found
2 hay balers j» and found
2 milkers if 22 2 ft and found
126 woodchoppers V"*S W i i° li; ' 1 cor i!
95 tiemakers Be, 9c and 15c each
Private family stableman $2;> and found
.. Tools furnished • -
i 6" woodchoppers, Sonoma County. .. .$1 25 cord
G woodchoppers, San Mateo County. ao_ cord
10 laborers for a brickyard $1 >o day
To the Great Mines
124 laborers to work around the plant or a
large mine; steady Job
wages from $2 50 day
... No Experience Necessary ••
Young man for a city factory $5 weelc
60 S £bSre™ r Arizona -::::::::::::ii6-andVoun 1 i
Gang ed*er inan^l Z^f£%g£^
""I;""]] - 636 ciay st.
............ LAUNDRY HELP -••-
Marker and distributer $2 day
3 ironers ••• •• • • -$2 lla
Washer and starcher $3n and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
A— LOOK Cooks Cooks
12 cooks for different places, $55, $40, $3<> ana
f wallers n^:'.' V.'.::::.-.-.-.V.V.V s 'dishwashers
different places, different wages ■■■■■•■.■•■ '' i
German saloon porter $20 and found
Pantryman *25 and uncl
iantryman MURRAY & rkaDY.
"*..... 634-636 Clay st.
a". ~77.T......~.T0 THE WOODS
in 'laborers to build roads In woods, $26 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. ,
T °.^.^^^^""::"""""i26"iaboVe- r ;
126 laborers
No experience required: wages
from $2 50 a day '■£■'"*.
Full particulars given at MURRAY ft
READY'S, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2s FARM and orchard hands for different
places, $26. $2S and $20 and found; 6 milkers,
$25 and $20 and found; 3 choremen, $20 and
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 63C Clay st.
A^FARMER and wife, fare 75c; good wages:
no objection to children. MURKAI <a
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Ironer, San Mateo Co. ; ironer. So-
noma Co., $30: shirt ironer, city, $3.>: plain
Ironer, $20; 2 French boys for laundry. J-U.
3 waiters, near city and country, $20; waiter,
J3T>; cook, French restaurant. $60; second
cook, $60; assistant cook. $7 a week: pot-
washer, $20; 2 dishwashers, $15 and $20; 1
boys to drive and deliver. $10 and found: man
and wife for a private place; wife must b«
a good cook. $40; coachman, near city; but-
ler, $40; Jobbing gardener, $1 25 a day. AN-
DRE'S, -316 Stockton st.
3S POSITIONS open to-day; see our liet. 313
Bush st. ,
OFFICE managers, stenographers, bookkeepers,
traveling salesmen, clerks. investigate tn«
facilities of this Exchange. 313 Bush st.
IF you want to be assisted in a paying posi-
tion see our dally list. 313 Bush st.
COLORED bell boy. $12 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
3 WAITERS for springs, J2O; waiter, city hotel.
$3.'. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
SEAMEN and ordinary for deep water and
coast. Shipping Association, 10 Steuart St..
upstaire,
BARBER wanted; first-class; steady: guar-
antee. 1207 Scott St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis.
WANTED— A waiter. 234 O'Farrell st.
GOOD barber Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. Call 107 Jackson St., S. F.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. 411>4
Kearny s*., second fio<vr
WANTED— Youn- man to wait on table. Ap-
ply Cents»l Hotel, 530 Third st.
GERMAN-SPEAKING boy; must be willing to
work; also learn the wine and liquor busi-
ness. Apply between 9 and 10 a. m. to HOL-
TUM BROTHERS. 565 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted. FINK
& SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st.
FIRST-CLAPS cutter on ki work. Apply at
tory, West Berkeley. p. R. WENT-
WORTH.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber Coltege, 13S',i Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BUTCHER Wanted— Young man who thor-
oughly understands the business. Alameda
Market, 1529 Park St.. Alameda.
COAL miners who have worked In. pitch vein
coal mines wanted. Apply to Tesla Coal Co.,
room 515, 32S Montgomery st.
10 YOUNG men for nice cruise; good wages;
no experience. HERMAN'S 26 Steuart st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large.
rooms ; 2f.c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
.ling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
STNGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Cpllectlon Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED. ~
RESPONSIBLE reliable intelligent solicitors
for a well-known line of goods of merit; good
pay for good workers. Call room 313, Em-
porium building.
LIVE asents make $10 per day selling the.
"Life and Times of William E. Gladstone":
account of his personal career, public and of-
ficial life; illustrated; outfit 50c. California
Educational Bureau, Stockton. Cal.
AGENTS — Lady canvassers wanted: good talk-
ers; big commission. Call bet. 11 and 2 o'clock
' at 1223 Geary st. ______
WANTED— A few canvassers; a good opportu-
nity for right parties. Call at 1103 Howard st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
EXPERIENCED teacher of voice culture will
exchange lessons for a large sunny room for
studio: Western Addition. Box 235. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— SmaII sunny unfurnished room,
bath and gas: $6. Address S. A., Call Branch
office. 106 Eleventh st__^_^_____^^_^_
FIJRXITIRE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market st.: tel. Jessie 32.
E D L C ATIO NAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since catalogue. ■
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform oi
stace use. taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
school of elocution and expression. V.cazar
| building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship. 188; low rates per week and month.
MR AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin St.: co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English. French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
I thorough, room 672, Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley -.write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln-
I ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve •
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.'
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references-
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
CARPET CLEANING. ~
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mjtr
88 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250. '*
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer • CarDet-
Beatlng Works ?< 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor
CARPETS cleaned a !: 3c per yard" relald at __
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14ttx
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
, CONKLIN'S Carpet -Beat ing Works, 333 Golden
I Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.:,< rusiness CHANCBS.
J6OO-CORNER crooery and bar in 'the very
choicest business location; connected with 5
' lvnr rooms and doing a rushing cash busi-
ness, must be sold at once; sickness cause
t?-?t ! ; J nVl ' sttMHle and make your ° rier - Call
__ ILKE, 845 Market st.
(MO RESTAURANT and chophouee; doing a
first-class paying business; close to Market
ond East sis., low rent; Investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
_ref_iifed. Call on R. G. WILKK M 3 Market.
A— sl7s; SALOON; established years, with club-
rooms; average daily receipts $S; rent $20;
owner must sell nt once because he. took po-
sition as commercial traveler. Call WILKE,
M.. Market st.
A— s 1000; SALOON i n the very best location.
Western Addition, d Ing a first lass paying
business; owner engaged In other business;
nnist Bacrifl c; not all caah needed. WILKE.
Ha Market st.
$400; PARTNER In flrst-clnsa paying busi-
n-ss on Kearny st.. near Markei. clearing
easily $250 per month; no ppositlon; a ra.ie
_ chance. For particulars. WILKE, 845 Market.
J2SCO-=OI,D-KSTABL,ISHED I saloon I In I choicest
(lown-town location, with building; long lease;
8 doing a first-class paying business; other en-
gagements compel owner to rlflce. Partl-
culars WILKE, 643 Marki • si.
$600- CORN] saloon In wholesale district; es-
tablished many years and doing a good pay-
ing business; ownei musl leav< for the coun-
try at once. Call WILKE, 545 Market st.
$1200 — CIGAR Btore and stationery, on Market
St., near ferries: first-class paying: low rent;
a genuine bargain Investigate at once; a.
_rare chance. WILKE, 545 Market st.
$900— CORNER grocery and bar; stock al In-
voice. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$176— BRANCH Inikery. restaurant: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$300'}— BAZAAR, plumbing ar.l tinware busi-
ness; stock rth the price askeii: selling
on account of departure. M LAUGHLIN &
CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$750— SALOON north of Market St.. adjoining 2
theaters; worth d üble tli - amount; must be
sold on account of the serious illness pro-
prietor. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$450— RESTAURANT; cost $Tio: must sell on
account of Immediate lepai ire. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted In laundry; paying
business. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny St.
$1600— CANDY store and factory; bargain, on
account of immediate departure. LAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny Bt
FOR Rent— A bakery, central, near Market;
established 30 ir«. everything c mplete; all
store trade: good steady man wanted. M.
LES 765 Market st.
$225 — CORNER cigar store in good business lo-
cation on Kearnv st. ; good chance for buyer;
. must be sold. M. LE.SS, 765 Market st.. op-
posite Phi lan building.
|660— MILLINERY store In good country town;
has new stock and good fixtures; living rooms
In rear. M. LESS, 76.'. Market .-t . rooms 3-4.
$400 — BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
south of Market st. ; 4 living rooms; no op-
position; present owner there six yeai do-
ing well; must be sold at once; party >ing
East; great bargain. M. LESS, 7'J5 Market.
$S00 — DAY saloon; near large business houses;
lolng gooi business; fine fixtures; best bar-
gain in the- city. M. LESS, 768 Market st.
A— s7oo: GROCERY and bar: new, clean stock;
big bar trade; a snap. KREDO & CO 22V.
Geary st.
flOOft-^Manufacturing fxtracts, perfumes and
toilet goods; established 4 years; agents now
appointed over tntlre coast, ■ KREDO .-. CO.
$Soo— BAKERY. 30 miles from S. F.. 2000 popu-
Ilation; prosperous business. KREDO & CO.
100— CANJJY and ice cream parlors; living
rooms: $s dally. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
T< • sell yui busti promptly fur cash give
us a <aM; we have buyers tor inti 5 prop-
erty: citrus land a specialty. RAND CO.,
917 Market st.
i -J-XIi.E corner grocery and bur. wit 4
sunny living rooms; rent $15; good business.
RANI i CM., 917 Market st.
S. 75— CIGAR, stationery and notion store, with
fum.- if Hvli rooms; near Market St.;
good trade. RAND & CO.. 917 Market St.
WANTED— An energetic partner with $000 to
ipen up a renovating busini -- a new process
now in operation In the East; good money
In It: one familiar with carpets, rugs and
upholstered furniture preferred; references
given and required. Address box 62, Call.
BARBER shop. 3 chairs, old stand, opposite
vegetable market. Pa< Ie St., on easy terms
or will rent It to good party: very good
stan, for Italian or Portuguese ! iri •■ Ap-
ply to STOLTZ. 630 Market St., S. F.
$100 — CANDY and cigar Btore; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 52S
Third Ft.
SAN Rajs' AEL: paying all year rounrt; hotel
and samon for rent to resj >nslbl< party;
choice location. GEO. D. SHEARER, San
Rafael.
HALF or whole interest in good paying butcher '
shop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. D.. box 3. Call office, Oakland.
CORNER grocery ar..l liquor store and a cor-
ner lot to exchange for a cottage; will pay '
cash difference. Ap| ly Call Office.
1400— ALOON established for many years; 5 '
living rooms for man and wife. Apply Call.
RESTAURANT: central; good business; sell-
ing on account of sickness. Apply at t^all.
AN oil established plumbing and Jobbing shop
for sal' cheap. 2925 California st.
FOR SALE— 2 old-established groceries and I
bars; price $1250. Box 201. Call office. '
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor '
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week i
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
$2600— AN old established business doing busi-
ness in 4 larg« cities; clears about $200 per
month; thorough investigation. Box 64. Call. ■
ONE-HALF Interest in a well established
and good paying manufacturing buhiness. In-
quire 1739 Mission st.
WANTED— buy, a lodging-house; state
price and particulars. D. MULLEN, 6JO Sac-
ramento st
CORNER saloon for sale for cash. 1121 Har-
rison St., rner Langton.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; $200. 341S
Mission st.
WANTED— Partner for well-established under- :
taking business; ftr.st-clas* business opportu-
nity for Protestant gent; experience not nec-
essary. Box 72, Calf office.
$400— OLD-ESTABLISHE D butcher shop; Al
business; must be sold, this week; Investigate
at ence. Box 87, Call office.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland; proml- I
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition; clearing $200 a nth; rlflced
for $650; reason for Belling, owner compelled
to go to Europe Immediately; trial given.. 11.
J. . box 10, Call office. Oakland.
PAYING bakery and confectionery store; good
trade; fine location. Twenty-second and
Brush ste., Oakland.
FOR SALE— In best country town, cheap, with
first-class private and store trade; good rea- 1
p.ns for selling; two wagons; low rent. For
particulars address Bakery, box 74, Call office, j
GOOD saloon for sale, with 3 living j
rooms; rent $18. Inquire Call office.
FOR sale — Old-established grocery. Inquire 252
First St., corner Clementina.
8ALOON: day business. CO6 Clay st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best In Central Cali-
fornia, for sale: chance of lifetime to up-to- j
date worker. Address BENT, 40 California st.
FOR sal*— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office^
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento Bt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— lo'roOMS; rent $30; Golden Gato ave.s 300 j
22 rooms; line sunny corner 1400 !
32 rooms; clears $200 monthly 2500
10 rooms; sunny corner; payments 150
44 rooms; line for transients; part cash.. 1600 !
2S rooms; near Baldwin: cheap 600 •
?G rooms; transient; best In city 1500
18 rooms; sunny corner; a snap 8M
11 rooms; Van Ness aye 275 ;
El rooms; rent $80; COITM quick 1500 ;
14 rooms; good trnnalcnt house; O'Farrell 1200 |
22 rooms; new; near Tivoli 950 I
22 rooms; rert $70 6GO 1
46 rooms: Markei st.; clears $200; cheap
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. (L. W.
Rogers/i formerty clerk for H. C. Decker.)
H. C. DECKER, "
1020 MARKET OPPOSITE FIFTH ST.
14 rooms, elegant furniture, cost $2200. .51300
40-room house, only $150 <-ash 450
14 rooms on P 'well St.; now 750
42 rooms; elegant corner; clears $400 3T.00 i
22 ms; new and good; $300 cash SOO I
i'l rOm-?r Om -? ; -/''' r 7""' business Ktreet 300
1020 MARKET BT., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A-KREDO ft CO.-^ - . Oeary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
10 rms r best $4650113 rms; ie ars $50...5850-
4Rrms: Geary.... RXWiirms; good 400
25 rms; Post.. 1650 » rms; Leavenw'th. 275
20rn:«; very best 18091 9 rms; Jones 450 1
14 rms; Eddy. .350 And many others.
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
BEST li-room \ rar nt house ■ exchange for
small flat; c.-iEh dlfferei KREDO & CO.
$300-LODGING-HOUSE of 22 rurnished rooms,
all occupied: rent $35: $ioo. balance time to
suit. BOMANSON, 601 Folsom st j
CORNER house; fine location; new furniture- •
18 rooms; all rented; bargain: owner leavlnir '
town. Address box 565, Call Ofnce. ttvul|( | '
HOISES TO LET.
I ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, nr. Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
■ planked basement.
FOR Rent— Very cheap to right parties; owners
going away; modern 9-room house, with base-
ment and lovely gurden. Key at CSO Hayes st.
■ GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $50.
HOUSE of 4 sunny roomß. 31 Lafayette St., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth.
! NEW 6 and 8 room houses with bath; parlors
! decorated; basement; large yard; marine
view; $27 50 and $30. Leavenworth Et.. near
I Lombard.
NICE dwelling. 441 Fifth St.. 1 rooms; large
sunny yard; rents reduced.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence: S rooms
I and bath; latest Improvements ; $35.
j TO LET— House on Jackson st. hill: seven
1 rooms and bath; nice yard, garden and fine
view: rent $30 tor a good tenant. Apply 1210
Jackson st,
WE can rent you a house with or w'lthout a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
j gomery st.
; FURMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
1 COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
rent reasonable. 120 Flllmore st. _____
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms, barn, large
grounds, within waikinc distance of Ross
Station: reasonable. Box 43. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— flat of 3
j rooms, $7, $5.
i BUSH 1213 flats, 3 rooms, bath; rent $12 and
I $13. Apply 12118 Bush st.
j FLATS 5 and 3 rooms, bath. Shipley, near
; Sixth st.; rent reasonable.
LTON. -Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; near Cl_ Hall; $2S.
FOLSOM, 920, bet. F>th and 6th— 6 r. and b. ; $14.
ITON ik GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
GEART 1917 — 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $_J water free.
' HOWARD, 862 Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
j LANGTON, 33— $li; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath
118 Perry st. : $10; flat. 5 rooms.
1164 Perry st. ; $10: flat. 4 ro6ms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., 635 Market.
i McALLtSTER. 1723. nr. Broderick— Br. and b ;
I rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 4_ Montgomery Bt
I POST. 2607- Bay-window flat of 5 sunny rooms;
j modern Improvements; $13 a month.
i SEVENTEENTH, 3997. corner Market— Modern
j bay-window sunny 7-room flat; cheap.
1 SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath. 2712 Bush St.
! SUTTER 16138. nr. Octavia— r. and b. : $30.
I ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
: UPPER flat, 5 rooms; sunny side. 440 Jessie
I street.
VALENCIA, 4C9. nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gamery Bt.
WANTED— IIO tenants for flats and cottages,
I $« to $12, at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Mar-
ket st.
$14 50; flat if 5 sunny roms. between Octavla
and Gough. 127 Page st.
j $:i— FLAT. 5 rooms and bath 124 Wildey st. ;
j key at 2325 Pine St.. bet. Fillmore and Steiner.
I $20— NEW choice sunny flat: all latest Improve-
• enti 170S H-.V st., near adway.
$15 — NEW modern sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
2668 Twenty-second St., near Bryant,
I $IS— ELEGANT modern sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath: nice view. 3025 1 4 Buchanan st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second Nice single, double and light
bousekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to Sue.
! BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny front bed-
j room and kitchen, furnished $8.
' BRYANT, 1101, corner of Ninth— front
rooms, mplately furnished for housekeep- i
in*,'; cheap. I
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens; others; single, en suite; $6 to 19,
BUSH, 12".'!\»— 3 small furnished housekeeping
rooms and bath.
BUSH, 1235. neaV Larkln-3 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny side.
DIAMOND, 810, near Twenty-third. Castro cars
— Large furnished room with housekeeping j
privileges; rent $6 month.
EIGHTH -Three large room flat; bay-win- I
dow; stationary tubs; porch: clean; $12.
FIFTH, -Clean sunny furnished housekeep-
ing double parlors; kitchen; bath; single. $5.
FOLSOM, 810 — Two front sunny rooms fur-
ntshed complete and neat for housekeeping; t
no children.
GOLDEN GATE, Sll — sunny front bay-win-
dow rooms unfurnished; running water, gas, I
bath. i
i GUERRERO, 215—3 or 4 beautifully furnished I
! sunny rooms complete for housekeeping; ex- j
elusive use of kitchen: 3. $20; 4, $25.
HOWARD, 93f,H. New Philadelphia— Sunny j
rooms; also housekeeping; gas, water, bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 225— One large unfurnished
bay window room; adults.; $10.
MCALLISTER, 643 — Handsomely furnished
rooms to let: also unfurnished room for use
of housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 447, corner Van Ness aye.—
Nicely furnished sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA. 371, near Fifth— sunny hack (
basement room; water, stove, closets; private ,
family. |
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms for housekeep- !
ing; large yard.
MISSION, 562— Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $1 50 week.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— Sunny front house-
keeping room; also others; rent cheap; re- j
spectable.
NATOMA. 60S — 2 furnished front rooms for 1
housekeeping; hot and cold water; reasonable.
NATOMA, 645 — Two or three furnished rooms, j
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable. '
NINTH, 135— Four or five neatly furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping; sun-all day;
rent reasonable to family of adults.
OAK, 119— Furnished front room; housekeep-
ing: $5; see this.
PAGE, 1134—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $9 to $12.
POLK, — Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
POLK, 611—1 or 2 nice large rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; also nice
single room.
POWELL. 944—3 housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle room; $15 and $6.
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gaa; bath: yard; $10.
SHIPLEY, 261— Four housekeeping rooms; $6;
no children, dogs, cats; water and scav. free.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay-window suite with
kitchen, furnishe* for housekeeping. $14.
THIRD, 409— Ele_-ant suite of sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; private flat; $12.
VALENCIA^ 205—2 unfurnished bay-window
rooms; large; hot and cold water; $10.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell ; elevator; baths; best attention.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell— Nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice eunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
rjulet house; baths, gas; very reasonaoie.
AT CO9 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. 529V4 and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 &0 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, B9 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CALIFORNIA, 1316— Small sunny front room;
gas, bath, closet; $6; references. !
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo. ]
EDDY, c 118— Pleasant, clean sunny rooms. $5
up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home.
EDDY, 120 A —Nicely furnished rooms to let, !
$1 50 per week up.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand First-class sunny '
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 week.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished :
rcoms to iet. j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furntshei
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. : also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water;
grate; private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
i single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7<ii Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
; HYDE. 230— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $10 and $15; nice sunny yard.
HYDE. 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
eunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect: terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable; gas. water, bath; central.
LARKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate— Nice sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
I LASKIE, 9V4. off MlSßll n. bet. Eighth an«
j Ninth— Good clean furnished room; {3 50 per
I month.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness—
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hull.
MINNA. C 67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
' O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. Large handsomely furnish-
ed sunny room; within walking distance;
I reasonable.
POLK, 709 2 large sunny front rooms, newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
POLK, f.22— Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.
POST. 910— Sunny front room. $6; also double
parlors; gentlemen; private fiat.
POST, 920— Nicely furnished sunny room; gas;
bath; In private family. •
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
POWELL. 41.=.»4 — unfurnished rooms in rear.
POWELL, P44— Front sunny corner parlor
suite; desirable locality for physician; $25.
, SHERMAN Apartment Hou?e, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nlshed rooms; sir.&le. $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites. $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights: hot and cold water; transients sollc-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
: SOUTH PARK, IS4— Sunny front room for lady
or gentleman; nicely furnished; rent $5.
SUTTER. Pleasant sunny suite, newly
furnished; also slncle room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished Eunny room
for gentleman.
TTRK. 127— Nicely furnished rooms from $3
j and up per month: also housekeeping rooms.
j VAN NESS. 808- 1 large, bright, sunny parlor
I suits; handsomely furnished; suitable for
physician or dentist: modern; fine location.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
! TOLl^iT^i^Pw^sh^rTvaTe^iio^dTn^r^itn
. room, $4 to $,', per week; nice location.
HYDE. 299, Salisbury— Changed hands, thor-
cughly renovated: pleasant sunny rooms with
f.rst-class board; beautiful ground*; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
SAN RAFAEL— Room and board for 1 or 2
gentlemen in private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Address
P. steffice box 76, San Rafael. '
I SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
I THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— family board-
ing-house; first class all appointments; hot
water every room: home cooking: terms mod.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month: single rooms attordingly.
VAN NESB, -Large sunny front rooms,
! nicely furnished; excellent board; terms mod-
; crate. *
CHILDREN HOARDED.
FRENCH lady boards children or infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and «rl-< taken
STORES TO 1.1 r. [
A— WELL-LIGHTED basement to let; suit-
able for most any kind of business. Apply
DAVID STERN & SONS, 636 Market St.
CITY Hall Bquare, -Large light store. $r,o.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FOR rent in good country town. 2 small stores
finely located: cheap. Information at 636
Market Bt. FEDERSPIEL..
TURK. 422. near Larkln— $16. ASHTON
* GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
1704 MARKET— Part Of halr-dresslng Ftore;
reasonable: opposite Tenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, Btt -Murk"t^t^2
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
FRONT window space to let: suitable for Jew-
eler, optician, etc. Apply DAVID STERN &
SONS. 886 Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building-
Elegant offices for rent.
MUSICAL I.\STRUME\TS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same aB if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same eas>
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest nnd largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell «t. Pianos, urgans
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135: Sterling. $175; Vose.
$200; 47 more; all must go during July and
August: investigate before buying. BENJ.
CURT A3! & SON, Chickerlng agents, 16-18-20
O'Farrell st.
WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary st.,
cor. Grant aye.. Conover agents.
SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newhy, Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
n 1 Interest first j-e:ir. 30R, 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A— FINE-TONED piano, nrst-elaBR condi-
tion; must sell. IS6I Folsom st., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new. brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post et.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights. $75 up-
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAlliste*
St., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new" scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, rpnalrer. 2 Latham plac«.
MONTGOMERY, r,27. cor. Clay— Open until >:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our Bpeclalty; fillings, (JOe; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- i
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jesale 1132. I
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are I
made; oH plates made over llkn new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discovei>er of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
lngn. 897 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods nt New York prices by !
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth. j
L. A. TEAOUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE, !
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. . -y;
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H C
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Bt. ♦
~~ LOST. " — -
LOST— On Sunday last, between Oeary and
M;Lson nt«. and Green st. wharf, package
ship's books. 1 Reward on returning to STEW-
ART MKNVIES & CO.. 614 Battery st. -
STORAGE. „
p7E^C^RU^6l2pH~s7ol^gT^nT^ovlnT^o7;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
*ge warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 182 L
PROPOSALS.
| PROPOSALS to light the streets and outlying
districts with gas and electricity. Clerk's
j office. Board of Supervisors, San Francisco,
July 12, 1898. In accordance with Resolution
: No. 1367 (Fourth Series) of the Board of Su-
p ervisors. sealed proposals will be received
1 in open session of the Board on Monday after-
noon. July IS, 1898, to light with gas and
; electricity the public streets ar.d outlying
portions of the city and county In districts
or the entire city and county for a period
I of two (2) years, from August 1, IS9B, as
I provided and hereinafter described.
The gas lamps to be erected and maintained
; not to exceed 4SOO and the electric lights not
I to exceed 1000, for which and for the conse-
quent expense provision will be made therefor
" in the amount to be levied in the street light
fund.
The electric arc lights of 2000 candle power
I to be placed and maintained on Market street
[ from the ferries to Valencia street, will ag-
gregate fifty (50) in number, and 22 on Van
Ness avenue, from Market street to Broad-
i way, to be located alternately on each side
of said street and avenue, on ornamental
; Iron poles not exceeding 25 feet In height, the
exact location of said electric lights to bt
reported to the board and the same approved
'. prior to their erection.
\ The electric lights to be placed and main-
tained on Golden Gate avenue, from Market
to Devisadero street; Folsom street, from
Third to Twenty-sixth street; Kearny and
Montgomery streets, from Market to Broad-
way; Grant avenue, from Market to Bush,
and Dupont. from Broadway to Greenwich
street; Stockton street from Market to Sutter
street, and from Pacific to Union street;
Montgomery avenue, from Paclllc to Chest-
nut street; Third and Fourth streets from
Market to Townsend; Fifth street from Mar-
ket to Bryant street, and on Sixth street,
from Market to Brannan street, are to be arc
lights of 2000 candle power each, to be sus-
pended from span wires over the center of
each crossing and wherever poles are re-
quired the location must first be reported and
approved by this board prior to their erection.
The arc electric lights now erected on loca-
tions In the outlying districts on masts or
I les forty feet in height of 2000 candle power
each, numbering 635, to be maintained or
erected in the same locations unless changes
of location are ordered by this board, are to
be considered a portion of the 1000 electric
lights herein provided for.
The districts within which the streets are
to lie lighted with gas and electricity are
hereby described, as follows:
District No. I— Beginning at the Intersec-
tion of Market and East streets, along and
including Market to Ridley; along and includ-
ing Ridley to Mission; along and including
Thirteenth to Division; along and Including
Division to Channel: along and Including
Channel to the bay; along the bay line to
the point of beginning at East and Market.
District No. Beginning at the Intersection
of Market and East streets, along but not
Including Market to Ridley; along and In-
cluding Ridley westerly to Devisadero; along
and including Devlsadero to the bay; along
the bay l(ne. to the point of beginning at
East and Market.
District No. 3— Beginning at the northerl>
termination of Devlsadero, along but not In-
cluding Devlsadero to Ridley; along and in-
cluding Ridley to Buena Vista avenue; along
and including Buena Vista avenue south of
Buena Vista Park to Frederick street; along
and including Frederick to Stanyan; along
and including Stanyan to Fulton; along and
including Fulton to the ocean; along the
ocean and bay line to the point of begin-
ning.
District No. 4-Beginning at the easterly
termination of Channel street, along hut not
I including Channel to Division; along but not
' Including Division to Thirteenth: along but
not Including Thirteenth to Ridley: along but
i not Including Ridley to Buena Vista avenue:
along but not including Buena Vista avenue
to I'rederlck; along but not including Fred-
erick to H street: along and Including H
street to the Ocean; along the ocean line to
the San Mateo County line; along the San
Mateo County line to the bay; along the bay
line to point of beginning.
Specifications: Qas— gns to be furnish-
ed to be of a standard quality and illumin-
ating power of not less than seventeen can-
dles, said Illuminating power to be deter-
mined by tests made by the gas Inspector
in his office, who will use for said tests such
burners as will obtain from the gas the
greatest amount of light, and practicable for
use by the consumer, and consuming at the
rate of five cubic feet of ga« per hour.
I^amp posts and lamps— The lamp posts to
be used to be of the same material and not to
be less in height than the lamp posts now In
use, and to be erected mid lighted at such
locations as may be designated by the board.
The number of lamp posts to be erected
and maintained during the continuance of the
contract shall Dot exceed 4SOO In all. and to
be erected and maintained at or contiguous
to the present locations of Btreet lamps
erected throughout the city and county, ex-
cept the locations wherein th.- Btreeta or por-
tions of streets are to be lighted by elec-
tricity, and at such locution as may be des-
ignated by the board, the board to have th»
right to change the location of the same from
time to time upon payment of the actual
cost of labor and material In making said
changes or removals. When lamps are or-
dered to be erected in certain sections of the
city where no mains arv laid then the mains
shall be extended or arrangements made by
which the lurhtinic of said section* of the city
shall be effected, but In no event shall more
lights be erected than c*ip be paid for o-.it of
the fund provided for street lighting during
the fiscal year.
Lamps— The lamps to he similar to those
now in use, or such as may be approved by
the board, and the burner to be used In the
lamps In lighting the public streets to con-
sist of a single burner of the same size
now used in the main thoroughfares. The
burners of the various lamps to average a
consumption of not less than five cubic feet
per hour.
The lamp posts, lamps, service pipes, mains
and all appurtenances Incidental and 'neces-
sary to complete Tind r<iulp the lamps ready
for lighting to be furnished by the successful
bidders, who shall erect, maintain and keep
the same In pro] ■►■r condition and repair.
LlKhtlnp lamps — Thelastlnmp on each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour aftei
sunset and to be extinguished one-half hour
before sunrise, except that during the night
of full moon, the night preceding and the
night following no lamps shall be lighted
Specifications: Electric lights— The poles,
wires, conductors, lamps, carbon Alectrodes
and each nnd every nppllance, article or ap-
paratus which may be necessary for electric
lighting to be furnished and erected and
kept In good order and condition by the suc-
cessful bidder.
The wires and conductors to be thoroughly
Insulated and placed in such locations and in i
such manner as will prevent them from be- I
Ing tampered with or handled by any unau- i
thorized person or persons; it bein? distinct-
ly understood that the city and county shall !
not be responsible, but must be held harm- i
less against nny claim for damages for any j
• Injury or accident which may be occasioned
by the wires or conductors, and against any
claim for damages by reason of any In- j
fringement of any patent right In the use i
of the lamps, machinery or appliances con-
nected with the said electrlc'light. I
The said masts to be erected and maintain-
ed at or contiguous to the present locations
of the masts erected throughout the city and
county, with the distinct understanding that '
the board reserves the right to change the j
locations of and designate the character Rnd
power of the electric lights and the height
of the mast to be used at any particular lo-
cation during- the continuance of the con-
tract upon the payment of the actual cost of
labor and materials in making said changes
or removals.
The electric lights to be provided are as
follows:
Six hundred and thirty-eight masts not
exceeding 40 feet high, 2000 candle power arc
flights; 50 poles not exceeding 25 feet In
height on Market street from the ferries to
Valencia street; 22 poles not exceeding 25 feet
In height on Van Ness avenue, from Market
street to Broadway; 263 lights suspended over
the center of streets herein designated, to be
hereafter apportioned or erected at such other
locations as may be designated by this board.
In case any additional lights are- needed
the same to be erected at such locations as !
may be determined by the Committee on
Street Lights, under the direction of the Board,
and shall be furnished when required during
the continuance of the contract, but in no
event shall more lights be erected than can j
be paid for out of the fund provided for !
Btreet lighting during the fiscal year.
The lamps to be lighted during the entire
night from one hour after sunset until one-
half hour before sunrise; except that during
the night of full moon, the night preceding
and the night following, no lamps shall be
lighted.
Provided that the nine (9) lamps In China-
town shall lie lighted each and every night.
General provisions— All the lamps to be kept
In proper condition and cleaned nt least twice
In each week, and at each of raid cleanings
all the glass shall be thoroughly cleaned,
both on the Inside and outside of the lamp,
and all dust and dirt shall be brushed from
the frames. The lamps are to be repaired
and reglazed within twenty-four hours after
any portion of the same is broken".
Street signs— The names of streets, places
and alleys to bo painted on the, gas and elec-
tric lamps throughout the city and county
at street crossings, main and subdivision
street intersections and at the Intersections
of places and alleys with the main streets;
at main street crossings two names on each
lamp, at Intersections of main streets not
less than two names on each lamw; .at Inter-
sections of BUbcJlvlslon streets, places or al-
leys not less than two names on each lamp.
The letter, color, style and location of the
names on the lamps to be approved or desig-
nated by the Board of Supervisors. The
names of streets, etc., on each lamp to be
kept clean and in position so as to be plain-
ly visible, and within twenty-four hours In
case of breakage to be repaired and the
name or names repainted thereon, and In no i
event are the lamps to be turned so as to !
misplace the names of the streets as Indicated
on each of them. ,
No compensation shall be allowed for any
lamp or lamps, either gas or electric light,
except such as ehall be lighted during the
whole time, provided In the foregoing speci-
fications under which a contract may be
awarded; also, that within three days prior
to the expiration of each month the. gas
Inspector shall furnish the parties to whom
the contract Is awarded-' the time during
which the lamps shall be lighted and extin-
guished each and every night and morning of
the succeeding month. All bills of the suc-
cessful blfiderH. upon the execution of a con-
tract and the performance In compliance
therewith, shall be presented and paid month-
ly at the end of each calendar month.
Notice to bidders— Bidders will estimate and
.bid a price per lamp per night, for which
' they will furnish, erect, repair and keep In
good ; repair: and condition all lamp posts,
masts, poles, wires, lamps, services, " street
elgns and appurtenances, furnish gas and
electric light on all . streets, places and al- j
PROPOSALS— Continued.
leys according to the foregoing specifications,
1 as follows:
First— Bidders will estimate state a price
i per night for each gas lamp and each electric
light In each of the districts described with
the understanding that both gas and elec-
tricity will be used in the lighting of each
district.
Second— Bidders will also estimate and state
a price per night for each gas lamp and each
electric light to light the entire city and
county as designated and required by thes«
specifications.
The board reserves the right to award a
contract to light each district with gas and
electricity, or to light with gas and elec-
tricity the entire city and county, to the low-
est responsible bidder.
No bids will be received or entertained
from parties who estimate on any contingent
event, or who cannot comply with, or who are
not prepared or qualified to carry out, tha
terms and conditions herein imposed.
Bidders will be required to deposit with the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors a certified
] check, drawn to the order of the Clerk of th«
Board of Supervisors, to be approved by
said Clerk, upon some bank in the City and
County of San Francisco, In the sum of ten
thousand ($10,000) d 'liars gold coin, condi-
tioned If the proposal Is accepted and the
contract awarded; and If the bidder shall
fall or neglect to execute a written contract
therefor and give a good and sufficient bond,
with two sureties, In the sum 'of thlrty-
five thousand ($33,000) dollars for the proper
fulfillment of said contract, within ten days
after the award Is made, then and In that
case the said sum shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
Blank proposals furnished by the Clerk.
It Is also to i bo distinctly understood that
the board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so requires.
Also that the party or parties to whom a
contract is awarded will be required, prior to
or nt the time of execution of the contract.
to pay the cost of advertising this notice in
three dally newspapers.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE— After this 11th day of July. 1898,
I will not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. Lizzie Kavanagh.
WILLIAM KAVANAGH. Haywards.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher. 1236 Market
St., Is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly In advance.
ANY person who witnessed accident to a boy
on electric car near Hooper's Planing Mill, on
Fourth st.. near Channel, on Friday, July 1,
will help boy's parents by sending name and
address to box 89. Call office.
- UUSINESS PERSONALS.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1038
Market; halrdresslng, popular prices.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
11x17. Zsc; 18x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. 45c: 22x
2S. 60c; curtain poles complete, l.'-c: rm. mold-
ing.all colors.lc fl;open eve. Jones. s47 Mission.
HAIR which is oily Is generally healthy; 25c
Is all I charge for up-to-date halrdressing;
good switches $1; best finest quality }3 50;
extra heavy long $S: open Sundays 9 to 12.
(J. LEDERER, .111 Stockton St.
QUINONIA is a perfect hair tonic, 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third, st., near Market: 200 rooms.
2. r ic to $1 GO per. nitrht «1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN'KE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
: SUITS to order on easy instalments. L.
T MOS. 1117 M-irlet St., bet 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
roller* 91R Market St. _^^^^^^^^
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
~~" PROFKSSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
325— Eddy 5t.— 325.
Always See the Best.
Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of
life, love, business, marriage,, divorce, etc.,
unites separated, causes speedy marriages,
removes domestic trouble, etc.; full names,
dates, facts, In all cases; fee, $1 and $2;
! satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; horn with double veil nnd second
' sight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
i 50c, p<nts $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
I MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(VeniJome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated: changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters arrswered; Inclose stamp.
will be absent from city for short time;
■ watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK. 12C6 Market st.
: MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME MOREAU. best medium and card
reader: 2.'c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon; never falls: advice; help. 929 Post st.
' SPIRITUALISM.
3ENEFIT test circle for Mrs. Whitehead to-
night by th« renowned John Slater at Mme.
Young's hall. 605 McAllister St.; 10c.
MRS. FULTON TULEY materializing seance
to-night and Friday. 60c; sittings. 1513 Geary.
AT 111 Larkln. speaking: Lois Walsbroker;
tests; Mrs. Gillingham and Lester.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium: Hindoo control: 10 to 5. 579 Geary Bt.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. US Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212V4 Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings. $1: clr. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m. : Sat. S; 25c."
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Sunday eve. 306
Larkln: readings dally at res . 353 Geary Bt.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 69 McAllister
St.; pills, $1: very strong, $2; cure, %S.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively, safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution — pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores In one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1; cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from, what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good home 9.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; prlc*
fl 60; RICHARDS & CO.. *06 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st. t Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife; home In confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. . •
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
■HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice: open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927. Mar-
' ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free ,on all legal matters. /T.■ F.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64. ,
________ __
PHYSICIANS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; dlbeases of women a specialty.
CITY HEAL ESTATE. *'.
, j 100 ACRES or more in Visitation Valley. Bar
Mateo County, on county line. Inquire 54<
; ; Clay st. '
|; .OAKLAND - ADVERTISEMENTS.
| ! OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
I j FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
I Building and Loan Association. 1161 Twenty-
third aye., Ea*t Oakland, Cal.
L its from $160 up. ,
[ Houses. 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
; Call and see our list.
, WHARF for rent in Oakland, at foot of Wash-
ington and Clay sts.; frontage ot about 3SO
feet on harbor line; area about 200,000 square
I | feet. Apply to HERON HOLCOMB. 1050
, j Broadway. ut^.i^u
. J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
1 j public: property lool<°d after. Sl4 Broadway.
i OAKLAND UOUSUS TO LET.
FOR SALE— Furniture of 4-room house; also
chickens; house to let. 1668 Fifth St., West
. j Oakland.
I RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn:
| tennis court; conservatory; ent ch?ap; cen-
tral: 559 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
I FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSF.S.
j — , „ ._ __.
; FURNISHED S-room house; nice grounds; ceir-
• tr.il; to let. Z.. box 12. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
i FINE Funny FUlte: also snnnv tingle room; va-
i cant .lune 1. THE ' "NT. f- Klyhth «t.
OAKLAND FVRSITITRB FOR SALE.
I FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 40S Eleventh st. : See him.,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
j , ___
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SSOO— LOT 50 feet front, west sjde Grand St.;
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru st. ; $1200,
new .'-room cottage, on Grand St.; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette st., near
San Antonio aye.; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
36x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments: 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
Alamedn.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; also
5-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODINO-
TON, 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
MONEY TO LOAN.
| LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture cr Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest- rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market nt. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6-4 per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
2D mortgages & undivided Interests In estates
a specialty. H. MURPHY, G36 Market st.
$2,*) AND upwards on pianos, furniture, real
estate. Address box 157, Call office.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission: private. 115 McAllister st.
' $30 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
| any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
' CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
1 Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
HORSES.
FOR SALE — A fine gentleman's saddle horse.
Call or address Stable, 875 Folsom st.
WANTED— A good buggy horse for city; state
price. Box 66, Call office.
; CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: suction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"wagons AND CARRI A G
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
LIVESTOCK^ FOR SALE.
FRESH Jersey cow and calf for sale at 307
Thirtieth st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A PAIR solitaire diamond earrings, weighing
3^ karats, reduced to $290. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
SECOND-HAND machinery for sale— t 20-horse
power stationary tubular boiler, 2 vertical en-
gines and other machinery for sale cheap for
cash at the works of the KROGH MANU-
! FACTURING CO.. 51 Beale st.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon. 1802 Seventh 6t., Oakland.
$137 50— FISHER upright piano, good condition,
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods: new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office- furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-Kand. J. NOONAN, 1017-JOl9-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred iare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors. 719
Market St.
OAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheep. HUF-
SCHMIDT, C 23 Golden Gate aye.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per do*. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargnins In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, show eases, counters, shelving-, etc.,
bought and pold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
~~ SEWING MACHINES^
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '
LEGAL NOTICES. — —
Assessment Book of Real and • Per-
sonal Property, 1898.— of the Clerk of
. Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor. July 6, IS9S.
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
wilu section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898, has been completed and delivered to me
as Clerk of the 1 oard of Super .^ors. together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize. the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
5. IS9B, at 2 o'clock, and will inereafter* con-
tinue in session from time to time until the
business of equalization presented to them Is
disposed 'of. but not later than the lsth day of
July, IS9B. ;■::■:■ - - : :
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public, notice is also given that, in accord-
ance with sections 1597, 1599 »nd 3654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and Is now oj.en
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JN^. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
■ TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few^ partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomry.
NEW Hammond, $35: caligraph. $25; Bliclt.
$22 60: get samDles. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
i Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
i Albert Maurer and Mary Becher 31-24
William D. Pearce and Eliza L. McFerren. 3s-24
! W. T. Blackburn and Amelia F. Strohl.. .27-21
William Mullaney and Margaret Enright.. 24-20
George C. Rosner and Bernice C. Knox 25-29
Charles F. Born and Mary L. Smith 22-19
David Smith and Edith Jackson 36-19
Albert Raymond and Undine McGlashan. .34-22
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be inserted. They must be
handed" In at either of the publication. offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the rame published.
noß\.
FILMER— In this city. July 7. 1898, to the' wife
of Captain George Filmef, a son.
MITCHELL— In this city. July 10, 1898, to the
wife of Joseph H. Mitchell, a daughter.
MOROSCO— In this city. July 11, 1898, to the
wife of Harry W. Morosco, a daughter.
MOONEY— In Alame.la, Cal., July 9, 1898, to
the wife of Mortimore E. Mooney, a son.
VAIL— July 6, 1898, to the wife of J. W. Vail.
a daufchter.
DI1J1).
Ahrens, Henry C. Garber. Eugene R.
Bartman, Walter A. Knop. Franklin A.
Brookes, Julia L. Linnell Bertha M.
Chellni, Amabile McDonald. James "
Coleman. Ellen McKalg, Xariffa N.
Cowles, Mabfl Oak. Mrs. Mary
Crosara, Mario Sullivan, Laura E.
Forrest. William D. Sullivan, Patrick
Frankel. Hanchen Yon Hagan, Martin
Fritz, Frida Ward, Cr.tharine M.
Gambill, Charles D. Winch, V> alter
I AHRENS— In this' city, July 10. 1898, Henry
L Christian, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Ahrens, and brother of Charles Ahrens
and Mrs. M. Hartmann, a native of Hol-
Fteln, Germany, aged 7S years 11 months and
18 days. """nora, Tuolumne County, papers
please copy )
r Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
| dence of hi-! brother. 110 Morris avenne. be-
| tween Fifth and Sixth. Bryant an I Brannan
I streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
I BARTMAN— In this city. July 11. 1898-, Wal-
• ter Anthony, dearly beloved son of Emil and
Winnie Bartman, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tnls day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from 33 Alta
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BROOKES— In this city, July 12. 1898, Julia
I Landseer, beloved infant child of Edwin L. and
Lizzie M. Brookes, and sister of Blanche W.
Brookes, a native of San Francisco, aced 2
j years and S months. • -.;.-.
I CHELINI— In Sonoma County, Cal.. July 10,
1898, Amabile Cbellni, beloved wife of Laz-
zaro Chelini, beloved mother of Iren Chelinl.
j . daughter of Mary Lucchesi. and beloved sis-
ter of Mrs. Filippina Gianni and Federlco
■Giuseppe and May Lueciiesi. a native of
| Santa Barbara County, Cal., aged 3S years 2
months and 29 days.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of laccheri & Bacclgalupl. 629
Broadway. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In this city, July 10, U9B,
at her residence. 1316 Hayes street, Ellen,
beloved wife of Daniel H. Coleman, mother
of Edward H.. Daniel G.. Joseph J. and Wil-
liam T. Coleman, sister of E. P. and the late
Patrick Enright, and aunt of the late Joseph
Enright, a native of Ballylongford, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 54 years. . } ... v -
ETFrlends and n<- — >intances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1316 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rei>ose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
COWLES— In this city, July 11, 1898, Mabel,
wife of Paul . Cowles,. youngest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. James Marvin Curtis, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Denis O'Sullivan. Mrs. Thomas
Magee and Marvin Curtrs, aged 26 years and
4 months.
(TT" The funeral services will take placi
this day (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, at 251S
I Union street.
CROSARA— In this city, July I*. 18DS; Mario,
dearly beloved husband of Maria Crosara.
and father of Celestina and Giovanni Cro-
eara, a native of Italy, aged 37 years.
ICFriends and rcquaintances are respect-
fully invited »- nttend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from 917 Bansome
street. Officers and members of Loyal Golden
Gate Lodge No. 7159. I. O. O. F.. M. U., are
hereby notified to attend nt above place.
E. LAUF, Noble Grand.
H. T. wilson. Becretary.
FORREST— In this city. July 11, 1898, William
D., beloved husband of Harriet M. Forrest, a
native of New York City, aged 58 years. .
E^The funeral will . take place this day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1526 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
private.
FRANKEL— In this city, July 11, ISSS, Han-
chen, widow of the late Solomon Frankel,
and mother of Julius and Charles Frankel,
a native of Sachsen-Mp.iningen, Germany,
aged 74 years and 7 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Twelfth avenue and L street,;
Sunset District. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by carriage.
FRITZ —In this city. July 12, 1898, Frida,
dearly beloved daughter of Emanuel and
Christiane Fritz, and sister of Paul and Mar-
tha Fritz, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 3 months and 10 days.
GAMBILL— In this city, July 12, IS9S. Charles
D., beloved son of W. J. Gambiil. and brother
of Annie and Ruff Gambiil, a native of Nash-
ville. Term., aged 19 years.
GARBER— this city. July 12. 1898. Eugene
Rhodes Garber, a native of Alabama, aged
41 years.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of Judge
John Garber, Berkeley. Carriages will be at
Dwltrht-way station to meet train leaving
- San Francisco at 1 o'clock.
KNOP— In the city and County Hospital, July
11. 1898. Franklin August Knop, a native of
Virginia, asred 45 years. '• - ■'•■•■• •;
LINNELL— In this city, July 12. ISSB. Bertha
M.. beloved wife of H. S. Linnel!, and be-
loved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 11. A. Bil-
lings, aged 25 years.
McDONALD— In this city, July 11. 1898, James,
dearly beloved husband of Henrietta Mc-
Donald, father of Etta and Lexie McDonald
and the late Mrs. Dr. De Witt, and brother
of the late John, Dougald and Hugh McDon-
ald, a native of Scotland, aged 69 years 10
months and 8 days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his 'ate resi-
dence, 333 Louisiana street, Potrero. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
McKAIG— In this city. July 11. IS9B. at the
, residence of. her sister,' Mrs. .E. ■J. Scott.
2722 Pine street, Xariffa N. McKalg. beloved
mother of Walter S. McKais. and sister of
E. L. Nash and Mrs. E. J. Scott, a- na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 45 years. i=,,' .i'hji
(C^Frienda are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of her sister. Mrs.
E. J. Scott. 2722 Pine street. Interment Odd
Fellows' (Vmetery.
OAK— In this city, July 10, IMS, Mrs. Mary
Oak, a native of Ireland, a^ed 63 years. (Bos-
. ton. Mass.. papers please copy.)
BT7Frlends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 31S Myrtle avenue, thence to St. Mary'a
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. July 11. 189S, Laura
E., beloved wife of J. E. Sullivan, mother of
Leola and Elsie Sullivan, daughter. of C. H.
and Alice Sever, and sister of Charles, Min-
nie and Frank Sever, a native of California,
aged S3 years. (Tuolumne papers please
copy.)
ffTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 486 Sanchez street, corner of Eight-
eenth, via electric funeral car to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. July 11. IS3S, Pat-
rick beloved husband of Annie Sullivan, and
father of Nellie. Kittle, Emma, Joseph and
the late Mary Sullivan, a native of Ireland,
aged 65 years.
ET'The .funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from his lat«
' residence, 12SVi Valencia street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
' soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
prlv.-ite. In Holy Cross' Cemetery.
YON HAGEN— In Alameda, July 12, 1898. Mar-
tin yon Hagen, beloved fnther of Mrs. H.
Ulrtchs. Mrs. J. Vogt, Henry and Martin yon
' Hagen, a native of Germany, aged 78 years
5 months and 12 days.
(C?"Frlends and acnualntances are respect-
fully invited to, attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1801 San Antonio av'nue. Alameda.
Interment prlvnte, in Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
WARD— In Oakland. Cal.. July 12. 189 S. Cath-
arine M., widow of the late Joseph W. Ward.
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 74 years and
8 months.
WINCH— In this city, July 12. IS9B. Walter
Winch, a native of. .TefTerson County,. New
- York, aged 75 years and S months. ■;■;:■;
([^"Notice of funeral hereafter.
I' McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS ti EMBALIIE&J
. il» IIITH BT., Op?. Lmeola Selujl.
: i'..V ' Telephone, South 30. ■
H. b. m'avoy. Manag-er. 1
McAVOY <fc CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALMER3. I
1235 Mark.-! St.. between Bth and 3th, |
Telephone. South 217. I
Estab. 1858. Tel. Soutn 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AIND 26 MfINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. eSpadous chape, for tht uh
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulaac*.
1314
UNMASKED
A MYTHICAL
PRIVATEER
A Bugaboo Started by the
Britishers for Their Own
BusiQess Ends.
The Intention Was to Scare Returning Gold
Hunters Into Taking Passage on
British Steamers.
A few days ago a story -was circu
lated to the effect that a Spanish pri
vateer was standing on and off the
coast of Vancouver Island awaiting
the arrival cf the Klondike fleet with
returning gold-hunters and their
hard-earned riches. This turns out
to be a cold-blooded fake engineered
by Commodore John Irving of the
Canadian pacific Steam Navigation
Company to divert traffic from the
American t, British steamers, and
more particularly those of his own
line. As soon as the lie wa3 pub
lished Irving secured copies of the
papers, marked the story and hurried
them off co St. Michael to meet the
returning Kiondikers.
The arrival of the steamer St. Paul
Is anxiously looked for. Friends of re
turning Klondikers besiege the Chief
"Wharfinger's office dally and their first
Inquiry always Is "Has the St. Paul got
In yet?" Frequently the question is,
"Where Is the St. Paul's berth?" and
when told the inquirer goes to section 4
of the sea wall and waits hour after
hour for the steamer that may still be
hundreds of miles from San Francisco.
"What adds to the anxiety of those hav
ing friends on the Yukon is the absurd
Btory started in Victoria, B. C, about
a Spanish privateer. According to the
passengers on the steamer "Walla
Walla that arrived from Puget Sound
yesterday it was started by Commodore
John Irving of the Canadian Pacific
Steam Navigation Company and was
done for business reasons.
In the nature of things, the Alaska
Commercial Company and the North
American Trading and Transportation
any, American concerns, being
eld and well established
and equipped, would handle the bulk
of the Klondike business. The fine
steamers, Pt. Paul and Roanoke.,
Jly for the trade, were
on their nay to Ft. Michael, and It
looked as though th? Canadian line of
nerfl was going to be left out in
the cold. Something had to be done
THREE FELLOWSHIPS
IN THE OBSERVATORY
PROFESSOK KEELER WANTS
SALARIES INCREASED.
Regents Scanning the Intellectual
Heavens for a Successor to
Astronomer Schaeberle.
Professor Keeler, the recently appointed
director of destinies at the Lick Obsrva- ■
tory, received an initial taste of the power ;
exercised by the Board of Regents yester
day. The famous star gazer allowed his •
attention to dwell on earthly things the
day after his arrival at Mount Hamilton | |
and feeling that the men about him de- ,
served further emoluments penned a let- i
ter to President Kellogg in which he sug-
Rested that inasmuch as the salary paid •,
l'r< fessor Schaoberle, the lately resigned j
member of the staff of astronomers, i
would remain idle, the amount might be
used to advantage by Increasing the sal
cry of 11. 11. Tucker to $2200 per annum,
"\V. J. Hussey's t ) $2200 and C. L>. Perrine's, \
assistant astronomer and secretary, to j
$I.V"'. the total increase over the salary |
received by Professor Schaeberle being
but $6. This he thought might be done
in recognition of the yeomen services
being performed by them. He Btated that :
at present it was diflicu'.t to find an as- ■
tronomer < t!'.'i'nt enough to take Schae- i
berle's place. He also recommended that i
three fellowships be appointed, one to re
ceive $SOO and the other two $648 each.
That some of the regents present did
not take kindly to K.eeler'B first sugges
tion was Bhown after his letter was read. ;
Regents Foote and Wallace were opposed !
.to the raise on the ground that it might;
prevent the employment of an astronomer
capable of filling Schaeberle's place. They
Btated that if the men on the mount de
served more pay it should be appropri
ated to them, but to divide the salary of
the vacant office among them and then ■
take it away again when a successor waa
appointed would be a shame. Both re- ;
gents had the greatest confidence in the
present director, but did not approve of
the plan.
President Phelps then arose and eulo- i
gized the men who were gaining fame for i
the Institution and asked that the re
commendation be acted on.
On a vote being taken the recommen
dation was lost.
Professor ]er's second suggestion,
however, went through with a slight i
modification in figures. Three fellows
were appointed at $600 each for one year.
They will probably be R. T. Crawford, F.
E. Ross and H. K. Palmer. B. F. Cod
lngton, on motion of Regent Budd, was
advanced from $4SO to the same amount.
Other matters suggested in Professor
Keeler's letter were referred to the com
mltt' c
Secretary E. W. Davis was granted a j
two weeks' leave of absence owing to ill ;
health.
Four astronomers from the observatory
•will deliver two lectures each during the
second half of the study year.
On recommendation of Professor Ber- I
nard Moses T. \V. Page, a professor in
Macnn College, Georgia, will be offered j
the position of assistant professor in po
litical economy at a salary of $1500 a year.
The office Is worth but $1006. but owing
to the fact that Professor Page is re
ceiving $2000 in his present position, that j
amount was offered him. Regent Halll
die raised his usual mild complaint about
a lack of funds and Regent Reinsteln, on i
behalf of Mrs. Phebe Hearst, stated that
if tho extra $500 could not be raised she '
•would m< i ■ the amount.
Regent Dr. Powell was appointed to
make an address on behalf of the board
at the opening of the Afflllatod Colleges
building on September a.
Dr. 1.. T. Hengstler, on motion of Re
pent Slack, was given the title of assist
ant professor In jurisprudence, having i
been transferred from the department of '
mathematics.
Recorder James Sutton will at the be- i
Binning of the next fiscal year receive the i
game salary as an assistant professor.
Regent Budd called attention to the I
faulty depot in Berkeley and suggested !
that the Southern Pacific Company be I
asked to erect one suitable to the college
and Its surroundings.
Horseshoers to Compete.
The officials of the recently organized
Mechanics' Athletic Union have determin
ed to extend the Held of its operations.
Branches will be established in all the
large cities throughout the United States.
Th» object for which the Union was or
ganized was to afford suitable facilities
and Commodore Irving struck on the
Idea of a cablegram. An expenditure
of $1S or }20 did tht trick, and soon the
news that a Spanish privateer
would rifle all American vessels, but
w. uld spare British steamers returning
from the gold fields, was spread over
the length and breadth of the United
States and Canada. Copies of every
newspaper in the country that con
tained the story were bought and sent
post haste to St. Michael. And now it
remains to be seen what the outcome
of the scheme will be. Of course, if
the miners have their gold with them
they may believe the etory and come
down in a British vessel. Irving will
have gained his point and will consider
that cablegram cheap at the price.
The Walla Walla's passengers say
that the United States consuls at Vic
toria and Vancouver, B. C, thoroughly
believed the story and kept the wires
hot between the Sound and Washing
ton. The authorities at the capital evi
dently took little stock in the story, as
the consuls' telegrams were not an
swered. Captain Wallace of the Walla
Walla was warned by Consul Smith at
Victoria, but laughed the thing to
scorn, saying It was a lie made out of
whole cloth.
At the office of the Alaska Commer
cial Company they say that the St.
Paul is not fully due until to-day. The
steamer sailed from here on June 11
and was not expected to reach St.
Michael until June 24 or 25. After that
it is all guess work. No one knows
how long it took her to discharge her
freight or wheth-r the river steamers
had got down from Pawson. It nay
have been so rough that the work of
lightering could not be carried on, and
again, the steamer may have been
compelled to stand out to sea. Allow
ing a week for the discharging md
loading of the vessel and thirteen days
for the run to San Francisco, the St.
Paul would therefore not be due until
to-day. This figuring, of course, de
pends upon how matters went at St.
Michael, and it may be several days
yet before the steamer gets in.
for the holding: of contests and exhibi
tions In the various mechanical and in
dustrial pursuits.
The first of these will assume the form
of a horse- shoeing contest and will be
held in Central Park on the 31st met. It
la expected that me entries will include
the principal horse shocrs in this city
and in the neighboring u>wns.
SONS OF VETERANS.
Patriotic Meeting to Encourage Gen-
eral Enlistment When
Necessary.
A mass meeting was held last night by
the Grand Army Veterans at the Red
Men's Hall for the purpose of Instilling in
the minds of the yo;ing the patriotism
which results In enlistment.
It. Plymiro opened with an address
i both stirring and patriotic. He introduced
the presiding officer of the evening, Colo
: nel Charles L. Pierce. Solomon Cohen
followed with a very eloquent appeal for
assistance to the country in this time of
International wnriare. Major Mattocks
j then addressed the assembled patriots on
one's duty to his country. Major Mat
. tocka is an ex-Confederate officer with a.
martial record that has won him fame
The present unity and the cause of fref
dom and liberty constituted his theme
: Speeches were delivered by Major Simp
son and General Salomon, the burden .■:
1 which wore the glorious caus^- of the pres
ent war and the unimpeachable reasons
for its continuance until the pride of that
effete monarchy, Spain, is humbled in the
dust.
The purpose of the meeting was to
arouse the spirit of patriotism in the Sons
of Veterans to fill out the companies al
ready organized and the possible forma
tion of a battalion from this rlty.
The Irish Fair.
There is no lack of willing workers
among the ladies who have taken an In
terest in the coming Irish Fair. At the
meeting last night the following schedule
was made of the booths:
Gypsy encampment. Mrs. D. J. Murphy;
lemonade, Mrs. F. B. Lorlgan, chairman;
ie» cream and soda water. Miss Kate
Tighe and Mrs. Frost; "Kocky Road to
Dublin." Miss Annie Donahue and Miss
Margaret Curtis; photograph, Mrs. Hnnn
and Mrs. Bertrand; Ice cream, Mrs. Col
onel J. S. Young; Samuels' Lace House,
Mrs. James Gilleran; dancing school]
•■ w v **r \^ »^j \& v^p v" w W w w w w w w Www w wwwwwWwwwwww w www^wwwwwwwww^f
THIS MAN IS LUCKY TO BE ALIVE,
A Howling Mob on Market Street Resents an Insult to Uncle
Sam With Threats of Lunching,
LYNCH him!" Hang him!" Down with the Spanish spy!"
Such were the cries that wore hurled at a well-dressed man as he darted from the Cafe Royal on Market
street last night, pursued by an angry mob. Evidently realizing that the crowd meant business the pursued
man ran across Market street and sought refuge in a saloon at 7 Stockton street. The mob followed him,
but before the ringleaders had a chance to seize him the bartender, soenting trouble, got him out
through the side entrance. Determined that he should not escape, the crowd followed him along Stockton street
to O'Farrell, where he again sought refuge in a saloon.
By this time several officers appeared on the scene, and after learning the cause of the trouble, they entered the
saloon and assisted the man to escape unknown to the mob. One of the number, however, saw the scared indi
vidual running along O'Farrell street and shouting to his companions, he commanded them to follow him.
As the howling mob was within a few feet of him, the pursued man dashed into a saloon at the corner of
O'Farrell and Powell streets, followed by Police Sergeant Martin and several police officers.
Martin, realizing that serious trouble was inevitable, advised the new defiant man to skip.
Instead of taking the sergeant's advice he made a dash at him as If to strike him.
Martin met him with a half-hook on the jaw, which completely knocked him out. Turning to the Impatient
crowd Martin announced that he had "captured the enemy" and ordered the saloon cleared.
The mob reluctantly fell back; not until, however, several of them were severely clubbed. When quiet was
restored Martin summoned the patrol wagon and had the man taken to the City Prison. He gave his name
as George Ransome. and claimed that he came from Canada. He was charged with disturbing the peace and
using vulgar language.
The trouble, it was afterward learned, was caused by a friend of the prisoner throwing a glass of beer In a
soldier's face. The latter was sitting In the Cafe Royal when Ransome and his friend entered. After ordering
their drinks Ransome's friend, it is said, referred in a derogatory way to the Stars and Stripes, and offered a
toast to Spain.
The soldier, whose name was not ascertained, grew indignant, whereupon one of the men threw the contents of
his glass in his face. A number of people witnessed the incident and at once started to wreak vengeance on Ran
some and his friend. The latter managed to escape, but his companion, who was in a defiant mood, dared them
to touch him. As they started for him he took to his heels and dashed from the saloon followed by the crowd.
Had it not been for the police, It is believed Ransome would have been severely dealt with, as several of the
crowd were determined to lynch him on learning: of the insult heaped upon the soldier.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1898.
SUFFERING RELIEVED BY DEATH.
EX-JUDGE EUGENE R, GARBER, Who Died at Noon
Yesterday.
As the whistles were signaling the noon hour yesterday. Eugene R. Gar
ber. ex-Judge of the Superior Court, prominent in legal circles, passed away
at the WaJdeck Sanitarium. His death was the result of an operation per
formed on his ear with a view to removing an abscess which had formed
there and which had caused him great pain and annoyance. The patient did
not rally after the operation and after remaining in an unconscious con
dition for nearly twelve hours he succumbed.
During the past few months the Judge had been a sufferer from the
complaint and frequently was compelled to seek his apartments in the Pal
ace Hotel for rest and quiet. Every effort was made to alleviate the trouble
but with only temporary success. It returned with greater pain a few weeks
ago and he had to give up his office duties and take to his room. Leading
specialists were called in and it was decided that an operation was necessary
to relieve him of the .annoyance. He was removed to the Waldeck and on
Saturday last he was operated on but with little success.
Dr. Hopkins, assisted by Drs. Arnold, Bazet and Newmark, after
consultation agreed that another operation was necessary, and on Monday
night It was performed. The patient did not survive the shock and at about
ten minutes of noon he died.
The news of his death shocked professional and business circles where
he was well and popularly known. The iron doors leading to his office over
the California Bank were swung to and a bit of crape informed the passerby
that another prominent citizen had passed away.
Judge 'Garner was forty years of age and was in the prime of life. He
was born In Livingston, Alabama, wiiere he leaves a mother to mourn~hlm.
On his arrival in this State he entered the law offices of Garber, Thornton
& Bishop, and was admitted to practice. He then took up his residence in
Nevada, where he was elected District Attorney and served so satisfactor
ily that he was elected Superior Judge.
After enjoying the honors of the Sagebrush State, he came to this city to
enter a wider field. His pleasing personality and legal ability soon gained
recognition and he was elected by a large vote to the Superior bench. While
a member of the judiciary he gained the favorable opinion of all those who
pleaded before him and his decisions usually met with approval, they being
Just and judicious. Very few of his decisions were questioned by the appel
late court and very few reversals were registered against him. He resigned
from the bench to act as special counsel for Henry Miller, the cattle king.
Soon after resumption of the law he formed a partnership with his cousin,
John Garber, of which firm he was a member when death closed his busy
life.
i Messrs. Kelleher and O'Connor; Bilk
looms and silk handkerchiefs, Miss Ame
lia Martin; Japanese tea garden, Mrs. F.
M. Edwards; Dewey victory, Mrs. John
Pettee; popcorn crisps, Miss Hannah
Duffy; candy, iwrs. H. L. Ryan; Lakes of
Killarney, Mrs. P. E. McCarthy; Blarney
Castle— Mrs. C. R. Flanagan (chairman i,
Mrs. YV. D. O'Shaughnessy. Mrs. Robert
Perral, Mrs. McKadden. Miss A. Ahem;
flower. T. C. uutterwnrth; art gallery
; and loan exhibit. Mrs. McCloskey: reclta
| tion, Frederick Paulding; shamrocks and
rings. St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance, Mrs.
Goodeu, chairman.
The following booths have not been as
signed as yet, but will be at the meeting
on July 18:
Centemerl gloves, Limerick race track,
coffee and sandwiches, Irish newspapers,
Edisonlan machines, postofnee. check
and cloak room, 11. S. Crocker & Co.,
moving pictures, Sir Walter Raleigh, vot
ing booth, perfumery, New England
kitchen.
The members of the honorary advisory
board m-et to-night at the Occidental Ho
tel, and a large attendance is expected,
as a permanent organization of this board
will b< effected on that occasion, and a
• reception committee of fifteen, a commit
tee on addresses and a committee on en
tertainment will be appointed. The exe
\ cutive committee meet in room ft, Phelan
. building, to-morrow night, and Friday
j night the ladies of St. Patricks Mutual
! Alliance meet at the California Hotel.
One of the most important movements
! yet made by the management of the Irish
I Fair hns been the acceptance of the, kind
offer of Mr. McCloskey, the well-known
artist, to take charge and direct the
hanging of the paintings and pictures of
the art and loan exhibit in the art gal
lery. In this gallery the well-known
manager and actor, Frederick Paulding,
| has kindly consented to arrange and ren
der a programme of reading selections
and a monologue entertainment, which
will undoubtedly be enthusiastically re-
I celved. An orchestra will be stationed in
i the art gallery as an additional attrac
| tlon.
Suicide at Eureka.
EUREKA. July 12.-Daniel Callahan, a
saloonkeeper, 38 years old. committed sui
cide in a rear room of his saloon early this
morning, shooting himself In the right
temple.
THURSTON AND
HATCH ARRIVE
THEIR WORK IN WASHINGTON
IS COMPLETED.
Will Go at Once to the Hawaiian Isl
ands, Where They Will See
the Flag-Raising.
Lorln Thurston, ex-Minister of Hawaii,
F. M. Hatch, present Minister of Hawaii,
W. A. Klnne and Senator Henry Water
house arrived in this city from Washing
ton last night and will sail on the Ala
meda to-day for Honolulu. They are all
Jubilant over the success of their mission
and happy that the long fight for annexa
tion has at last been terminated.
Mr. Thurston said last night: "I have
been in Washington about eighteen
months and the struggle for annexation
was a severe light, but now that it is all
over we are satisfied. Our exertions have
not been In vain and we feel sure that
the Hawaiian people will all welcome the
annexation measure of the Unitod
States."
F. M. Hatch has made the fight In per
son and he is now returning to HonoliTlu,
according to his own interpretation of af
fairs, for the purpose of looking after his
legal practice. He said: "The statesmen
In Washington seem to think that there
Is no necessity of any further action on
the part of the Hawaiian Government to
mal<o annexation a complete legal gov
ernroentai change. The admiral who has
been deputed to acquaint the Hawaiian
Government with the legislative actions
of the United States will soon arrive in
Honolulu and act accordingly, and that Is
all that is needed. The flag will be
hoisted and by that symbolic action the
Hawaiian Government will become an
nexed to the States."
Ex-Queen L,iliuokalani is still In Wash
ington and there Is no indication of any
desire on her part to return to her home.
Minister Hatch now occupies a peculiar
position. He is still Minister, but In view
of the anticipated changes consequent
upon annexation he is In a realm of
doubt. After the summer is over he ex
pects his present office to terminate.
HIS MONEY
SECURELY
SECRETED
Complaint of "Gold
Dust" Rodgers.
HE MISSED HIS WALLET
PECULIAR EXPERIENCE OF A
KLONDIKE MIN.tR.
After Having Three Women Ar
rested He Finds Out That
He Had Not Been
Robbed.
"Gold Dust" Rodgers, a recent arrival
from Dawson City, almost created
a panic in i-abst Cafe early yester
day morning when he announced that he
had been robbed of a thousand dollars
and several valuable nuggets.
Rodgers during the evening met sever
al women and invited them to have sup
per with him.
,"I'm a good fellow," he remarked,
throwing out his chest and extending tho
glad hand to his new feminine friends.
"There may be some frost on the arrivals
from the Klondike, "but there is none
on me. I'm out for a good time and want
you all to help me blow the dust that I
picked during my stay in Alaska."
The women, after announcing that they
were also strangers In this city, consent
ed to join Rodgers in supper.
"You're all right," coyly remarked the
prettiest of the trio. "Swiftwater Bill
isn't in it with you."
Apparently llrittered by the remark
■ Rodgers, after producing his wallet,
! which was till.-.} with greenbacks, told
them that he was willing to "blow the
bunch" if they desired.
"I'm no piker," he declared. "Order
what you want and I'll pay for It."
Evidently thinking he was in earnest
the women scanned the bill of fare and
called for the most expensive dishes.
When the bill, which amounted to $7 50,
was presented to him "Golti Dust" got
| cold feet and called for "another deck,"
as one of the women expressed it.
"It is all right, girls." he remarked as
he gingerly handled the bill. "I'm good
for the amuunt; nobody can say that Gold
Dust is not a thoroughbred."
At this juncture Rodgers excused hlm
' self after saying he was going down
stairs to see a friend. He returned in a
; few minutes and announced that he had
been robbed.
"You can't play me for a sucker," he
! vehemently d^clarf-d. "I haven't played
against Wyatt Earp and the tough push
or" Alaska without knowing a trick or
two."
"Give me back my dough or there will
be trouble."
The women, thinking that he had sud-
I denly lost his mind, summoned Police Of
j ficer Keyes, who was standing at the cor
' ncr of Ellis and Powell streets. Detec
; tlves Gibson .and Wren were on the oppo
] site corner, and Keyes realizing the job
lie had before him, asked them to help
him out of the dilemma. On reaching the
: room where the women and Rodgers were
they found the latter sitting on the table
with a carving knife in his hand and
threatening to kill the one who had re
i lieved him of his wallet.
"I'm a bad man, " he hissed as the of
ficers entered. "I would rather see blood
than attend a bamjupt."
The women becoming frightened begged
the officers to take them to police head
quarters. They denied having taken Rod
gers' money and demanded an Immediate
investigation.
As the Klondiker was convinced that
he had been robbed, the officers called
the patrol wagon and had the entire
party taken to the City Hall. Rodgers and
: the women were taken b'fore Captain
i Wittman, and after Rodgers had told
; his tale of woe he was asked whom he
suspected. As he hesitated Wittman or
dered Policeman Keyes to search him.
"This is a waste of time," remarked
I Rftdgers, as the officer proceeded to search
his pockets. "I know the money is gone."
Despite his objection Keyes explored his
pockets, and not finding the supposed
I mlsing wallet, ordered him to take off his
! shoes. As he released himself of his foot
gear the policeman detected the wallet se
creted in the kg of his underwear. When
shown the wallet Rodgers seemed sur
prised and offered to apologize to the
I women.
"I guess I'm a dead one," he rather
lugubriously remarked, "l^ey couldn't
have done that in the Klondike."
The police are inclined to believe that
one of the women "touched" him for his
money, but. becoming alarmed, slipped
it into his trousers unknown to him. The
nuggets were not found, however, but as
Rougers did not appear anxious to prose
i cute the women they were released.
TENNESSEE DRILL.
General Barnes Will Preside at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on That
Occasion.
Arrangements are nearly completed for
the drill to be given by tne First Ten
nessee Regiment at Mechanics' Pavilion
under the auspices of the Christian Com
mission to-morrow evening. A large
: chorus choir to be led by J. J. Morris met
at the Association Auditorium last even
ing for rehearsal, and they will render
some enlivening music for the occasion.
Miss Grace I. Davis has been selected to
sins the "Star-spangled Banner," and
: "Dixie Land" will have a. prominent place
lon the programme. General W. H. L.
j Barnes will be the presiding officer of the
! evening and General King and staff have
: accepted the Invitation to be present and
1 review the regiment. Notices will be
read in all the churches this (Wednes
! day) evening, and a committee on tickets
has been appointed from every church;
I their names will oe announced at each
service to-night. Genera) admission 25
cents, children 10 cents; a few seats have
been reserved for those who desire to
make sure of them as the crowd Is sure to
be great. Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s, Sutter and Kearny streets.
League of Improvement Clubs.
The meeting of the Mission League of
Improvement Clubs at Maennerbund
1 Hall on Howard street was well attended
' last night. T. B. Slevin presided and J.
I B. Vizzard acted as secretary. The execu*
i tive committee reported that the Supev
i visors had acted on the recommendation
I of the club, asking for the grading and
I sewering of the following streets: Hamp
shire, York, Bryant, Shotwell, How.-ird,
and Treat avenue.
Secretary Vizzard reported that the at
! tentlon of the Supervisors had been rll
; rected to the overcrowded condition of
' the street cars running through th-? M!h
1 slon during the morning mil evenh.g
| hours, and requested that body to eon
, suit with the City and County Attorney
as to the power of the board to frame an
ordinance regulating the ntrttilor of pas
! sengers that should be carried on tach
1 car.
Max Popper offered a recommendation
that the Supervisors provide in the next
I tax levy for a street sprink'er, with a
gasoline pump attached, whlcn would
i supply the sprinkler with salt water, to
ibe used in sprinkling San Bruno road
during the summer months. The cost of
this apparatus would be .somewher) in
j the neighborhood of $800, and by it the
' city would be saved the cost of purchas
ing water from the Spring Valley Water
Company.
Curtis Still Testifies.
Attorney General Fitzgerald devoted
yesterday afternoon to cross-examining
Expert Curtis on his knowledge of tunnels
and other railroad matters and the same
dry and technical answers . similar to
those given <>n previous days were in
dulged in. The examination will continus
to-day in Ju<!j?c Haynes' office.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal Warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THREE
SPECIAL
BARGAINS!
During the entire month of July, and
prior to our semi-annual stock-taking, we
will offer SPECIAL BARGAINS in all our
departments.
This week we have placed on sale
the following extraordinary cheap lines :
75 pieces Double-width Novelty DRESS GOODS, In BAYA-
DERES, CHECKS, STRIPES, PLAIDS and MIXTURES, all
this season's importations.
Price, 25c Yard.
Former prices 50c, 60c and 75c yard.
600 pieces best quality DOMET TENNIS FLANNEL, all hand-
some styles, in PLAIDS, STRIPES, CHECKS and plain
colors, all new goods.
Price, 7!>c Yard.
Regular value 10c yard.
50 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with extra heavy fringes,
full 3 yards in length. They are in the following
colors: REDS, OLIVES, BLUES, BROWNS and MYRTLE.
Price, $3.00 Pair.
Regular value $4.50 pair.
NOTE,— We have also received and will place on
sale this week three cases best quality COTTON COVERT
CLOTHS, and. a large shipment of extra quality WHITE
CORDED ENGLISH PIQUES.
t
HI. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
DEPARTING SOLDIERS
TO BE WELL FEASTED
LUNCHES IN ABUNDANCE SENT
THE RED CROSS.
Church Members Send Hundreds of
Packages to the Ferry Hospitality
Rooms— Other Notes.
There will be no lack of lunches for the
soldiers who go aboard the trans
ports, judging by the large quantities
of food that poured into the ferry hos
pitality headquarters of the Red Cross
Society yesterday. The ladies of Trinity
Church prepared 565 lunches and Grace
Church sent 124 packages of food and va
rious other churches have contributed.
Nearly a hundred members of the en
gineer corps, representing: Utah, Wyo
ming, Nevada and Colorado, were given
a bountiful repast on their arrival yes
terday. The ladies at the ferry treated
them like royal guests and the men wont
on rejoicing with flowers in their hats
and good things stored away.
The San Francisco branch received do
nations from Mrs. C. J. Travers, Mrs
Pease and Mrs. Hanson.
Owing to the tardiness in fitting out
the Nebraska recruits with shoes and
other necessaries the society has stepped
in and repaired the delay. Although
shoes were given out in many cases yes
terday there are a great many volunteers
unfurnished and it is desired that all who
have serviceable shoes to spare will send
them to 18 Post street.
Private Rogers of Company M, Fifty
first lowa, has been removed to Lane's
Hospital, where an operation will prob
ably be performed on the unfortunate
boy.
Donations were received by Mrs. E. W.
McKinstry, chairman of the State de
partment, from Dewey Chapter, Ukiah,
Martinez. Calistoga, Dutch Flat. Le
moore, Dixon, Belvedere, Liivermore and
San Mateo.
California's second volunteer regiment,
the Eighth, was supplied with indentifica
tlon medals yesterday, as also were the
signal corps.
Cassassa's military band has offered to
assist Bennett's exposition band during
the celebration of the Fall of the Bastile
to-morrow.
Valises are needed for the nurses who
will leave on the transports shortly.
They need not necessarily be new.
The demand for flannels is so great
that the supply on hand is inadequate.
Hotels might aid the society by sending
such left by guests in departing.
The State society received subscriptions
from the following auxiliaries: Arroyo
Grande. $150; Colusa. $12 50; members 'of
Camp Lisser, Fourth of July dona
tion, $8.
Employes of the Mission-street Railway
Company sent their regular monthly sub
scription to the society yesterday,
amounting to $50.
Mrs. "W. P. Morgan, chairman of the
finance committee, receipted for the fol
lowing amounts yesterday: Friend, $20;
for Red Cross flag. 50 cents: Mrs. Mary G.
Roberts, $2 50; collected of Greenberg &
Greenberg, $15; proceeds given from en
tertainment by Willie Kazinsky, $17 20;
collected by Mrs. Mary M. Mifler, $8 50;
Mission-street Railway Company. Twen
ty-ninth-street carhouse. monthly sub
scription. $50; memberships, $2; Mrs. Carr,
$5; total, $51,866 74.
Donations were received at 16 Post
street from friends, Mrs. L. M. Moise,
Miss Helen C. Dixon a large donation.
Miss Dlack, Mrs. McCabe. St. Barnabas
Guild, Mrs. F. A. Wilkins. Mrs. H. J.
Campbell, Forum Club, soldier, Mrs. Bo
ruck, Mrs. Levy, West Side Christian
Church.
A MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.
John Rawson, a Soldier, Accidentally
Shoots Himself Through the
Left Side.
John Rawson, a member of Company A,
Alger's Light Artillery of Wyoming, ac
cidentally shot himself in the left side
last night while trying to remove his coat
in a room on Grant avenue. The bullet
passed completely through him and his
escape from instant death was miracu
lous. The wounded volunteer was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital and
treated by Dr. Bunnell. The latter
thinks the wound may develop into in
flammation of the lung. The pistol he
used was an old-fashioned Colt's, which
the owner had filed down, giving it a hair
trigger pull. The handle of the long
weapon became entangled in the lining of
his blouse, and as he turned to reach for
it the weapon was discharged.
, Republicans Want Representation.
At a meeting of the Citizens' Rep<:biS
■ can County Committee, held last night
at 26 Geary street. 4t was decided to ou
; thorize the executive comitte.\ consisting
! of M. W. Coffee, C. H. Forbes and T. B.
• O'Brien, to engage legal talent tc repie
; pent the County Committee before tne
; Election Commissioners for representation
; on the precinct board, and also during the
i election.
Battle of the Boyne Celebration.
Shell Mound Park contained represen
tatives of the Orange Society of Ireland
; yesterday; it being the anniversary of
th>> battle of the Boyne in which the arm
; ies of King Billy, and his rival King
Jimmy, had their day on the banks of the
! Boyne.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, aure, gentle." MritUhitcdicaUournal
CAUTION: Bee (fiat the label bears Ous tUjna-
j ture of the flrm.
• Andreas Saxlehnar.
FIT FOR A KING.
I Is our patrons' verdict on our artistic
! laundry work. We take pains to please
j— we must please! Our reputation as
| an Al first-class laundry is at stake
j if we don't, and we want it to be the
King pin in San Francisco, as a Mecca
for those who want laundry work done
j so as to make their linen look like new
! every time. And we do It!
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. Telephone
South 420.
(£ ■^PATENT^ j J
I V£^33Q MARKET ST. S.F. "%S^