VOL IME LXXXIII.— NO. 180.
CERVERA'S FLEET HAS
EVERYBODY GUESSING
REAR-ADMIRAL WILLIAM T. SAMPSON, U. S. N., Commander of the North Atlantic Squadron,
on the Bridge of His Flagship.
IS CERVERA
RETURNING TO
CAPE VERDE?
KEY WEST, Fla., May 28. — An incoming cruiser brings official
information that the Spanish fleet is not at Santiago.. It is now be
lieved that the enemy is at Cienfuegos, with Schley not far away.
Another arrival, however, says that masthead observations at Cien
fuegos show that the Spaniards are not there either. Only gunboats,
according to this report, are in the harbor.
Positive information brought here to-day by a dispatch-boat from
Santiago de Cuba says there was no Spanish squadron in that harbor
on Thursday. Some of the ships— not attached to Schley's squadron,
as reported — which left here a week ago are blockading that port.
There is the best authority for saying that there is now no proba
bility of the Spaniards going to Santiago de Cuba, because when
there they would have no chance to communicate with Havana.
The insurgents hold all of the back country. The Spaniards
would, perhaps, if they could, go to Cienfuegos, because there they
would have direct communication with Havana. That they were not
there on Tuesday is absolutely certain, and they cannot get there
now without a fight.
It is thought that our scout boats might try Porto Rico ports soon
with success. The Spaniards must soon go to some port for coal.
Many naval officers think they are now returning to Cape Verde.
It i* not impossible that they were off the northern coast of Cuba on
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
last Wednesday, but this is not considered likely. It is now certain
that they are not in any of the southside ports of Cuba. This informa
tion comes direct to a cordespondent of The Call from high authority.
KINGSTON, May 28.— The United States auxiliary cruiser
Harvard arrived here this morning from Martinique for coal and dis
patches. While the American gunboat Eagle was at Port Antonio
yesterday three warships which may have been Spanish were sighted
in the offing from the bridge of the Biitish guardship Indefatigible in
that harbor.
BLOCKADE OF SANTIAGO.
Twelve American Warships StatioQed Off the
Entrance of the hjarbor.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 28.— The United States auxiliary
cruiser Harvard, formerly the American line steamer New York, ar
rived here this morning, having left the American fleet at noon yes
terday.
Twelve American warships are now outside Santiago de Cuba
harbor, and Admiral Cervera and the Spanish fleet are almost cer
tainly inside. But nothing certain is known as to the communication
which Commodore Schley has had with the shore, or as to the num
ber of Spanish fighting vessels bottled up in the harbor.
It is to be presumed that the Harvard has important dispatches for
the naval authorities at Washington.
KEY WEST, May 28. — Advices received here from Cienfuegos
state that Cervera is imprisoned at Santiago.
RUMORS OF ENGAGEMENTS.
NEW YORK, May 28.— A dispatch from Kingston, Jamaica,
Continued on Second Page.
IT MAINTAINS
ITS PRESTIGE
AS A PHANTOM
Schley Did Not Arrive Off Santiago de Cuba Un
til Six Days After the Spanish
Ships.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The Navy Department to-night gave out that it
had received information that the Spanish fleet was certainly in the harbor of San
tiago, but the cautious postscript was added that the news had reached the De
partment "through an unofficial source."
This is the situation in a nutshell. The Navy Department and the public
generally believe that Cervera and his ships have been bottled up by Commodore
Schley, but at a late hour to-night there is absolutely no official information on
which to base this belief.
The best argument thus far advanced in support of the theory that the
Spanish fleet is at Santiago is the fact that although more than sixty American war
vessels have been scouring the Caribbean Sea during the past week not the
slightest evidence has been secured that it is anywhere else.
One of the "wildest rumors of the war
was current this morning to the effect
that the signal officer engaged as cen
sor over a French cable from Mole St.
Nicholas to New York had notified the
War Department that a message
"from a reliable source" had gone over
the wire stating that twelve Spanish
war vessels, presumably Admiral Cer
vera's fleet, and several colliers, had
just steamed out of the "Windward Pas
sage 3rt -i northwesterly direction.
This startling statement might have
meant that Cervera had outwitted
Sampson and was on his way to at
tack the leading cities of the Atlantic
roast. The War Department promptly
denied the canard, which bore evidence
Of having been put on foot to test the
nervous inhabitants of th« southern
coast cities.
There is no doubt the faith of the
administration, which up to Thursday
was strong that Cervera was at Santi
ago, has been shaken by the persistent
rumors of his escape before Schley
mounted guard before the narrow en
trance to the harbor. It is significant
that Postmaster General Smith's news
paper, the Philadelphia Press, which has
given evidence of receiving Cabinet in
formation on more than one occasion,
to-day gives up the Santiago theory,
saying:
'• As Schley was at Cien
fuegos on Tuesday, accord
ing to a dispatch boat report,
and it was over 300 miles
from there to Santiago, it is
absolutely certain that he
did not reach the latter port
before late Wednesday, or six
days after the Spanish fleet
entered Santiago. It would
be a little remarkable if the
Spanish fleet should have re
mained all that time at San
tiago. But there was noth
ing whatever to prevent it
from going out of Santiago
until Schley's arrival."
There is an excellent prospect that a
war balloon will be used by Commo
dore Schley to investigate the harbor
of Santiago, if he is still in doubt as to
its contents by the time the device is
placed on board his flagship.
It is announced to-day that three
famous French aeronauts landed in
New York yesterday with a special ap
paratus used with great success by the
French Government, and that they left
for Key West under instructions from
the Signal Bureau of the War Depart
ment. Their enterprise is understood
to be purely personal and in no way
involves the absolute neutrality of
France.
Admiral Sampson has not reported to
the Navy Department to-day and his
exact whereabouts is unknown. His
movements are now almost independ
ent of the Strategy Board, a change of
policy insisted upon by the President,
who has been much impressed by the
work of self-reliant Admiral Dewey
since his great victory of May 1.
If Schley reports that Cervera has
escaped, Sampson will be instructed to
direct the commodore's movements as
his judgment may dictate.
The Strategy Board hereafter will do
little else than sift the wheat from the
chaff of rumors that reach the depart
ment, cutting out the most reliable re
ports and cabling them to the admiral
commanding for his information.
Admiral Dewey to-day reported to
the Navy Department under date of
Cavite, May 25, via Hongkong, May 27,
that the blockade of Manila was ef
fective and the people of that place are
unable to procure any provisions ex
cept rice. This news has caused the
War Department to redouble its ef-
forts to send re-enforcements to Dewey
at the earliest possible date, as the
President is very anxious that there
shall be an ample force of troops at
hand to command order in case the city
of Manila is surrendered. He is spe
cially solicitous that there shall be no
rioting by the insurgents.
In this connection General Schofleld
has made a suggestion concerning the
question of transports that may have a
wide reaching consequence. Enough
ships cannot be secured to take the en
tire 15,000 soldiers to Manila, and it Is
feared there will have to be a wait of
several weeks for the return of the
transports that take the first two expe
ditions to Manila.
General Schofield has suggested that
all the vessels of a class not fitted for
a voyage to the Philippines, but able
to make Honolulu, should be Impressed
and troops in addition to those sent di
rectly to Manila should be rushed over
to Hawaii. Then the returning trans
ports from the former place could coal
and pick up the waiting forces at Hon
olulu, thus saving three weeks on the
round trip.
But of course that cannot be done
unless tHe stars and stripes are hoisted
at Honolulu, for under no other cir-
cumstances can the islands be used as
a military base. The President is more
anxious to have the resolution of an
nexation pass the House .than the Sen
ate. But Speaker Reed does not agree
with the President in this matter, and
is determined not to permit the resolu
tion to come to a vote.
The adoption of General Schofleld's
plan, therefore, rests upon the ability
of the annexattonists to dispose of
Speaker Reed's opposition, a task that
is by no means a light one.
The President's plans of conquest
over Spanish territory vv?re amplified
by rumor to-day to include the seizure
of the Caroline Islands, which are said
to be suffering from Spanish misrule.
Careful inquiry fails to disclose any
basis for this report. The administra
tion has its hands full without under
taking another comprehensive c:
tion.
OFFICIALS RELIEVED
OF GREAT ANXIETY
Feel Satisfied That Cervera's Fleet
Is in the Harbor of
Santiago.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The Navy
Department received information to
day which for the first time relieved the
officials of the anxiety and doubt that
they have felt for the last few days and
satisfied them on two vital points — first,
that the American fleet under Commo
dore Schley was outside Santiago har
bor, and, second, that Admiral Cer
vera's Spanish fleet is inside that har
bor.
This information came from a private
source which the naval officials regard
as thoroughly reliable. It was from the
same source that gave the Navy De
partment the first information almost a
week ago that the Spanish squadron
was inside of Santiago harbor.
This source of information has Droved
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
itself reliable thus far, and for that
reason the news received to-day was
accepted cis positive. It did not coma
from any naval or State Department
Officials. There is little doubt, how
ever, that it would b*. supplemented by
official advices from Admiral Schley, if,
indeed, such advices have not already
been received, though up to the ciose
of office hours the Navy Department
had not bulletined anything from
Schley. The officials were in a state of
expectancy, having learned from the
press dispatches from Kingston that
the scouting vessel Harvard was thera
with reports.
Relying on the advices received tha
naval officials feel that the entire mili
tary situation is simplified. With the
Spaniards inside and the Americana
outside of Santiago harbor it is said
that the power of mischief by the Span
ish fleet is at an end. One distin
guished officer remarked that as a re
sult of the information received he felt
ten years younger since yesterday. He
said Commodore Schley could now
spare several of the ships from his
squadron to permit them to join in of
fensive demonstrations elsewhere.
AH Schley needs, it is pointed out, is
a small force to watch the entrance of
Santiago harbor. Two battleships and
two cruisers would be ample for this
service as such a force would largely
overmatch the four armored cruisers in
the Spanish " squadron. In this way
Cervera's Meet can be kept pocketed
without keeping a large number of
American ships out of active service at
other needed points.
In calculating upon keeping the
Spaniards penned up in this fashion
the officials have taken into account the
possibility of the dispersion of the
American blockading fleet by one of
the tropical cyclones that are almost
due at this season. The American fleet
in such a case would be obliged to cut
and run for some neutral port or to
make its way by force Into one of the
Cuban ports for shelter. In either case,
there might be an opportunity for the
Spanish fleet to make its escape, pro
viding the commanding officers were
willing to take the desperate chances of
going out in weather heavy enough to
compel the big American Ironclads to
seek shelter, and we failed to block the
harbor by scuttling barges in the chan
nel.
On her way to this country the Vlz
caya passed through some very heavy
weather, almost approaching the cy
clonic, and proved that her class :i
able to withstand such storms with
perfect safety.
During the day the Navy Department
posted a bulletin giving reassuring ad
vices from Admiral Dewey. This was
the only specific bit of Information
given out during office hours. It was
a day replete with rumors, some of
them of a very sensational nature, but
the various reports of sanguinary bat
tles failed of verification.
NALL HAS BEEN
FOUND GUILTY.
THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL SUPERIN
TENDENT BROUGHT 10 BOOK.
Result of the Investigation Into the
Thirty-Fourth Street Methodist
Church Scandal.
OAKLAND, May 2S._ The investigating
committee of the Thirty-fourth Street M.
E. Church that tried George Nail, super
intendent of the Sunday school, on
charges of immorality preferred by Mrs.
Hattie Long, found the defendant guilty
of three of the four charges.
The committee announced its decision
to-night, and sentenced Nail to expulsion
from the church for a term of six months.
FIVE HUNDRED MEN
WALK OUT AT MIDNIGHT
Tunnel Workers Strike for a Raise
of Fifty Cents v
Day.
SEATTLE, May 25.-Five hundred men
on work at the Cascade tunnel on the
Great Northern railway walked out at 12
o'clock to-night. They demanded an ad
vance in wages amounting to 50 cents per
day. Lower figures have been paid than
ever before in tunnel work in this State.
The strikers have made no demonstration
as yet.
Indians Hunting Reindeer.
SEATTLE, May 28.— According to Al
aska advices, that portion of i..c Govern
ment reindeer herd at Haines Mission
which survived disease is being hunted
by Indiana.2
AN ATTACK
ON CAVITE
THREATENED
But the Vigilance of Ad
miral Dewey Prevented
Any Hostilities.
Provisions Are Now Very Scarce
in Manila and Foreign Resi
dents Anxious to Leave.
By RICHARD L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, May 25, via Hongkong
May 28.— Rear Admiral Dewey's squad
ron continues to bloifkade Manila, Rear
Admiral Dewey received a message
last Friday evening from the insur
gents notifying him that the Spaniards
intended to attack Cavite at once. The
gunboat Petrel and the dispatch boat
Hugh McCullough were on the alert
all night, and the Callao, one of the
gunboats captured from Spain, moved
to an anchorage whence she could
sweep the narrow neck of land between
Cavite and the mainland with machine
guns. The enemy did nothing, how
ever.
Another alarm was caused last night
by hearing rapid musketry firing back
of Cavite. The McCulloch fired two
shots from her three-inch howitzer,
and the small-arm firing ceased. The
British gunboat Swift arrived here yes
terday from Hongkong, and another
British warship is coming up the bay
as I send this dispatch. The French
cruiser Bruit will soon leave for Lar
gon, her captain reporting that he can
not get provisions in Manila.
Spanish and native soldiers in Ma
nila were in a state bordering on mu
tiny, and the priests gave the Gover
nor $1,000,000. which was probably used
to. pay off the troops. It is reported
that native soldiers have agreed to go
over to the insurgents as soon as the
latter make an attack on the Spanish
position.
Provisions are very scarce in Manila.
Foreign residents of the city are anx
ious to get away, but they do not know
where to go. Insurgents have been un
able to do much yet, owing to a lack
of arms, but they expect a shipment
of rilles in a few days. When these ar
rive they promise to drive the Span
iards into the sea.
Our squadron keeps its health very
well, not much more than thirty men
being on the sick list. Captain Grid
ley goes home by to-day's steamer via
Hongkong, suffering from a rupture.
Commander Benjamin P. Lamberton
takes command of the Olympia. Lieu
tenant-Commander Frederick Singer
takes command of the captured trans
port Manila. The weather is very
hot.
The prize money, which will go to
the bluejackets of Rear-Admiral
Dewey's squadron, as a result of the
destruction of the Spanish fleet in the
bay of Manila, is estimated at $800 in
gold for each man. The Spanish third
class cruiser El Cano is supposed to
be at Ilioilo. American supplies are
anxiously awaited in the interior. Ma
nila is quiet. There is no truth in
the rumor that the Germans in Manila
intend to man Spanish guns when the
city is attacked.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The Navy
Department this afternoon made pub
lic the following dispatch:
"CAVITE, May 25, via .Hongkong,
May 27, 189S.— To the Secretary of the
YET URGING
ANNEXATION
Friends of the Scheme
Very Active.
NECESSITY IS POINTED OUT.
ISLANDS SAID TO BE NECES
SABY AS SUPPLY BASE.
Speaker Heed, However, Is Holding
Out and Is Apparently Deter
mined to Check the
Plan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 28.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Senator Lodge, probably, will
not be able to obtain the adopt ion of
his Hawaiian annexation amendment
to the war revenue bill, but he intends
to keep up the fight. He said to-day
that he was entirely satisfied with the
situation. He believes that he and other
friends of annexation will be able to
bring the necessity for the possession
of the islands so forcibly to the atten
tion of the country that an irresistible
sentiment for immediate action will
pour in upon Congress.
Speaker Reed still holds out in oppo
sition to the administration and the
great majority of his party in both
houses of Congress. He has not yet
given any assurance that he will allow
the annexation resolution to be con
sidered.
Advocates of the measure in the
House are determined, however, that
he shall not be allowed to control the
action, and they are continuing their
preparations for a caucus on Tuesday
cr Wednesday, if they do not in the
meantime obtain a definite promise
from the Speaker.
?"n some quarters ReeTl and the com
bination of Democrats, Populists and
Silver Republicans who form the bulk
of his supporters are severely criti
(lzf>l. Their conduct is denounced as
being little less than treasonable, in
view of the urgent necessity of making
Honolulu the base of war operations in
the Pacific.
CHICAGO, May 28,— A 6pecial to the
News from Washington says; Speaker
Reed Is uelng the fallowing argument
tvs bis reason for oDßosing the annexa
Navy, Washington: No change in the
situation of the blockade. It is ef
fective. It is impossible for the peo
ple of Manila to buy provisions, except
rice. The captain of the Olympia
(Gridley) has been condemned by med
ical survey and ordered home. He
leaves by the Occidental and Oriental
steamship from Hongkong on the 28th.
Commander Lamberton has been ap
pointed commander of the Olympia.
"DEWEY."
NEW YORK, May 28.— A dispatch
from Hongkong says: Aguinaldo, the
Philippine insurgent leader, has head
quarters at Cavite, which are constant
ly crowded by volunteers. He has
captured two loads of ammunition and
4000 rifles outside of Manila. Cable
communication between Manila and
Spain is completely severed.
MADRID, May 28.— A private dis
patch from Spanish sources at Manila
alleges that Aguinaldo, the Philippine
insurgent leader, after receiving arms
and field pieces from Rear-Admiral
Dewey, declared himself in favor of
Spain. The dispatch also says that
other Insurgent chiefs followed him.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
URGES EXPEDITION.
Pares of His Message to the Navy
Department Are Not Made
Public.
NEW YORK, May 28.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Rear-
Admiral Dewey communicated with the
Navy Department to-day. He declared
that no change had occurred in the sit
uation, but it is known that the mes
sage given the press omitted several
important features, setting forth his
needs, and urging, it is said, expedition
in the dispatch to him of relief.
In reply to his message it is under
stood that the transport Zafiro will take
back to Manila dispatches announcing
the departure of the cruiser Charleston
and transport Peking, with ammuni
tion and other supplies, and of the
prospective departure of the monitor
Monterey with troop ships. The latest
intelligence concerning Spanish move
ments will also be sent to him for his
information. %
Secretary Long will issue orders next
week detailing an officer to command
the cruiser Boston. He will relieve
Captain Frank Wildes, who will be
called home. Captain B. P. Lamber
ton, who was originally assigned to
Captain Wildes' relief, was chief of
staff of Rear-Admiral Dewey at the
time of the battle of Manila, Captain
Wildes, at his special request, being
permitted to retain command of the
Boston. In consequence of the assign
ment by Rear-Admiral Dewey of Cap
tain Lamberton to command the Olym
pia, in place of Captain C. V. Gridley,
who has been invalided home, it is ne
cessary to send another officer of the
grade of captain to the Asiatic station
to relieve Captain Wildes.
tion of Hawaii. An annexation resolu
tion cannot pass Congress. An attempt
will result in a debate that will be
academic and dilatory. This discus
sion will be acrimonious and profitless.
It will prolong Congress indefinitely
and keep the members here when they
should be home looking 1 after their
campaigns. The debate would inject
into the Congressional contests an is
sue that is wholly foreign to their mer
its and could only result in confusion.
The debate would have a bad effect on
the country and the party.
CADIZ FLEET
PUTS TO SEA
Composed of a Dozen
Vessels.
DESTINATION IS UNKNOWN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, May 28.— 1t is officially an
nounced that the Spanish reserve
squadron, commanded by Admiral Ca
mara, has left Cadiz. Before going to
its destination the squadron will ma
neuver probably for several days in the
open sea, afterward immediately sail
ing for the Philippine Islands, Cuba or
the United States, as the Government
may judge most opportune. The squad
ron is understood to. be composed of ten
or twelve vessels. "
Senor Sagasta, the Premier, on leav
ing the chamber this afternoon, said
to a group of reporters that the Cadiz
squadron had put to sea to carry out
maneuvers, but would return to Ca
diz.
NKW YORK, May 2R.— A dispatch to
the World from London says: The chief
officer of a steamer just in from Cadiz
said last night:
"When we left Cadiz last Friday the
only Spanish warships there were the
battleship Pelayo, the cruiser Emperor
Carlos V, one torpedo boat and the con
verted cruisers Patriota and Rapido.
The cruisers were at the arsenal.
Everything bore the appearance of un
readiness. The Pelayo's boilers, recent
ly put in at Toulon, had just been con
demned by the superintending engineer
at Cadiz on the ground that they were
of insufficient strength. She was, how
ever, coaling. The Rapido and the Pa
triota had not been fitted with guns and
neither had a crew.
"There is no belief in the reports that
the fleet was going to Manila or any
where elpe for some weeks at least."
CAPE HAYTI, May 28.— Private ad
vices received here from Madrid says
the entire Cadiz fl«»t is raadv to sail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 18«J8.
IS CERVERA RETURNING
TO CAPE VERDE ?
Continued From First Page.
says: A rumor from Cuban sources is in circulation here to the effect
that Schley has forced the Santiago channel and destroyed the Span
ish fleet.
Three Spanish warships are reported off Port Antonio. The
American gunboat Eagle is at that port.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, May 28.— A rumor has reached here
of an important American success, but no confirmation of the report
can be obtained. Since the rumored arrival of the Spanish fleet at
Santiago de Cuba no news has reached here, though the cable be
tween this place and Santiago is not interrupted. The significance of
this mysterious silence is not known, but it excites great wonder. No
explanation is furnished beyond surmise based on various inferences.
The theory that the Spanish admiral allowed himself to be bottled
up in the bay of Santiago de Cuba is not entertained here. On the
contrary, the Haytien officials say it is far from likely that such a
thing has occurred. It is hoped that a message from Commodore
Schiey will soon be received at the Mole St. Nicholas or elsewhere.
SPANISH FLEET SIGHTED.
War Vessels of trje Energy Seer; SailiQg in tfye
Direction of Porto F^ico.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 28.— Private advices from Cape
Haytien, which have been received here, state that a fleet of Spanish
war vessels was seen off Cape Francais, near Samana Bay. It is sup
posed the fleet was heading toward Porto Rico.
It is believed in Haytien circles here that the Spanish squadron
has left Santiago de Cuba in order to meet the Cadiz squadron.
According to a report which has reached this place a German
steamer witTi 50,000 sacks of rice on board has run the blockade and
entered the port of Havana.
Late advices received from Monte Cristo on the coast of San Do
mingo report a Spanish squadron has been sighted near there. It is
believed to be Admirai Cervera's fleet making its way to Porto Rico.
This dispatch, however, lacks confirmation.
GUNBOAT EAGLE IN DANGER.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 28. — A dispatch from Port Antonoi
says the lookout on H. M. S. Indefatigable, which is in that port, re
ported seeing three vessels which he thought were Spanish sh ps,
several miles off the coast, steaming in a westerly direction. This an
nouncement has caused Americans here to feel concerned for the safety
of the United States gunboat Eagle, now in port.
BRINGS OFFICIAL DISPATCHES.
Gunboat Scorpion's Officers Confident T^at Cer
vera Is in Santiago Harbor.
KEY WEST, Fla. , May 28. — Admiral Cervera is imprisoned at
Santiago de Cuba. Advices to this effect were brought here this aft
ernoon by an auxiliary gunboat which arrived from Cienfuegos, pre
sumably with dispatches for Washington.
Last Sunday the Scorpion left Cienfuegos and proceeded eastward
on scout duty, going as far as Santiago de Cuba. Five of the auxiliary
ships were lying off there apparently awaiting the arrival of the main
division of the squadron. After an uneventful trip the Scorpion re
turned to Cienfuegos, but found that Commodore Schley had gone,
leaving orders for her to return to Key West.
The officers of the gunboat, when questioned as to Admiral Cer
vera's whereabouts, expressed no doubt of his presence at Santiago de
Cuba. All was reported quiet along the south coast of Cuba up to the
time of her departure, and nothing was known of the Marblehead's re
ported attack on Cienfuegos' blockhouses.
CONVOYED BY f\ SPANIARD.
Collier F J y in 9 England's Flag Seen in Company
With a Warship.
Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, May 28. — One of the passengers of the Italian steamer
Centro America, whom I have interviewed, tells me that shortly after
leaving Cartagena, United States of Colombia, for Colon on Wednes
day they met a Spanish warship convoying a steamer flying the Brit
ish flag. The British steamer seemed to be laden with coal. It is
supposed that both vessels put in at Cartagena.
The passenger with whom 1 talked, Angel Joly, told me he could
not make out what ship it was convoying the collier, but that he is
positive that she carried .a Spanish flag. A British steamer of the
Trince line was due at Colon yesterday with coal, but up to a late
hour last night she had not been sighted. It is thought probable that
the collier with the Spanish warship was this steamer, which may
have been captured.
CANNONADING AT SEA.
COLON, May 28. — A dispatch from Dominica, Leeward Islands,
reports that cannonading was heard to the southeast of that island last
night.
MADRID OFFICIALS' STATEMENT.
MADRID, May 28. — The officials persist in the statement that
Admiral Cervera is still at Santiago de Cuba.
Trje Terror Reaches San Juan.
MADRID, May 28. — It is announced that the Spanish torpedo-boat
destroyer Terror has arrived at San Juan de Porto Rico, having evaded
the American warships which were watching for her.
Triplet Record Broken.
BOSTON. May 2S.—At Charles River
Park this afternoon Nugent brothers and
Merrill of Gloucester lowered the one- ,
mile triplet record to 1:55 fiat, cutting off
five seconds. Tom Cooper won the one
third mile national championship (fifth
race of the championship series) in :44 2-5.
Arthur Gardner, Dr. A. I. Brown, Paul
Bourette, the Parisian, and H. B. Hills of
Providence finished in the order named.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
. : Last : Tuesday .■evening. the raembem of :\
th# Vrnirrefeaive Council} paid la* 1 . yuit^.tb>
Home Council In its hall, 2317 Mission
street. There was a goodly number of
visitors, but the officers and members of
the council evidently did not care if the
Progressive Council came or not, for there
wore but few there to receive them. Those
present were entertained by O. M. Ar
nold, P. S. C, who delivered an interest
ing address; a recitation by Charles
Stone; vocal solo by Mrs. yon Buckley,
amusing address by W. F. Gibson, P. s.
T., and remarks by Past Councilor J. L.
Homer. It was decided by tho Progres
sive Council that the next visit Bhall bo
to America Council In Its hall in Alcazar
buildine on Tuesday. Jun« Z. J
ONE DECISIVE
VOTE TAKEN
Senate Tables Corpora
tion Tax Amendment
41 TO 27 IS THE VOTE
INTERESTING TEST ON THE WAR
REVENUE BILL.
Many Speeches Made on the Measure,
the Most Notable One Being
by Wolcott of Colo
rado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 28.
After a discussion which has lasted
almost two weeks the Senate this aft
ernoon reached the first decisive vote
on any feature of -the pending war rev
enue measure. The bill had been under
consideration four hours and a half to
day when Aldrich of Rhode Island, one
of the Republican members of the
Finance Committee, entered a motion
to lay the corporation tax amendment
proposed by the Democratic majority
of the committee on the table. It was
realized that this was the first test of
strength of the opposing elements in
the Senate, and the rollcall was fol
lowed with deep interest. The result
was decisive. The amendment was laid*
on the table — 41 to 27,
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison, Bacon, Caf
fery, Carter, Cullom, Davis, Deboe, El
kins, Fairbanks, Foraker, Frye, Gallin
ger, Gear, Gorman, Hale, Hanna, Hans-i
brough, Kyle, Lindsay, Mcßride, Mc-
Enery, McMillan, Masan, Mitchell, Mor
rill. Murphy, Nelson, Penrose, Perkins,
Platt erf Connecticut, Pritchard, Proc
{or. Quay, Sewell, Shoup.Spooner, War
ren, Wellington, Wetmore and Wol
cott — 41.
Noes — Allen, Bate, Berry, Butler,
Cannon, Chilton, Clay, Cockrell, Dan
iels, Faulkner, Harris, Heitfeldt, Jones
of Arkansas, Jones of Nevada, Mc-
Laurin, Mallory, Mantle, Money, Mor
gan, Pasco, Pettigrew, Rawlins, Stew
art, Tillman, Turley, Turpie and
White— 27.
Upon the announcement of the vote
Gorman, under the arrangement that
a vote should be taken on his amend
ment, again off ered it, somewhat modified
as to the tax, applying it only to gross
receipts erf corporations in excess of
$250,000 a year.
Nelson (R.) of Minnesota offered an
amendment to the proposition of Gor
man, reducing the amount of the tax
levied from one-half to one-quarter of
1 per cent. '
The amendment was discussed in a
desultory way for an hour, Allen,
Lindsay, Platt of Connecticut and
White participating in the debate.
Pettigrew of South Dakota gave no
tive of amendments he proposed to of
fer to Gorman's proposition and was
proceeding to speak upon them.
Daniel (D.) of Virginia delivered an
extended speech, in which he took
strong issue with those who had con
tended that the tax on corporations
was unconstitutional.
Wolcott <R.) of Colorado followed in
a notable speech supporting the propo
sition of the Republican minority of the
Finance Committee.
An effort was made to secure a vote
on the Gorman amendment, but it was
unavailing.
Mason of Illinois moved that when
the Senate adjourned it be until Tues
day next.
Allison, in demanding the a^es «>"ri
noes, said it was highly important that
the pending bill be disposed of at the
earliest possible moment, as every
day's delay meant the loss of needed
revenue.
Mason's motion prevailed by the close
vote of 33 to 31.
The Senate then at 5 o'clock went
Into executive session, and twenty
minutes afterward adjourned until
Tuesday.
BALLOON CORPS FOR
MERRITT'S ARMY.
California Aeronauts Offer
Their Services to the
Government.
Aeronauts are organizing to Invade the
land of the enemy, and in a few days
the services of a balloon corps, composed
of forty patriotic men, among whom are
three who have many times soared above
the clouds, will be offered Major General
Merritt. Z. P. Machobee, who Sunday
after Sunday startled visitors at the
Chutes by his daring ascensions, George
E. Olsen and Frank Hamilton are the or
ganizers of the corps, and towing to large
experience are capable of handling any
balloon, or ballons, the War Department
may employ. Olsen, while an aeronaut,
is also an expert in the art of inflating
and handling captive gas balloons. In
consequence he will act as managing
aeronaut. Machobee will be captain, and
Frank Hamilton, now making ascensions
at Jackson, Amador County, will act as
second lieutenant. In addition to the offi
cers, a complement of rope men, gas men
and ground men have enlisted, and the
.corps is ready for war.
O'Brien's Case in the Balance.
OAKLAND, May 2B.— The jury inthecase
of James O'Brien, charged with assault,
was ordered locked up for the night by
Juuge Ellsworth, it having failed to reach
a verdict at midnight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood, Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilk and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
THREE BALLOONS
FOR OBSERVATION
How the Army Can Find Out if
Cervera Is Yet in Santiago
Harbor,
NEW YORK. May 28.— A WasbiQgton
special to tbe Herald says : During the G
ban invasion the army Will bave tbree im
roense observation balloons for watering
the movements of the energy. General
Greely, ctyef signal officer of the army, bas
purchased for tbe use of the army tbree
balloons furnished with all modern irr>
proveroents for signaling. General Greely
says tbere will be no difficulty in raising a
balloon over Santiago de Cuba to ascertain
wbether Admiral Cervera is cooped up in
the harbor.
OFFERS THEM
INDEPENDENCE
General Blanco Holds
Out Terms to Cubans.
ARE ASKED TO JOIN SPAIN
/
BUT FOLLOWERS OF GOMEZ
SPURN THE OFFER.
Major de Lima Returns to Key West
"With juate Information Con
cerning Fortifications
of Havana.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The Herald's
Tampa correspondent sends the fol
lowing: Major Rafael de Lima of the
Cuban army, who went to Cuba with
dispatches last week, arrived here to
day with important information. The
information is sent by Major-General
Maylo Rodriguez of the Cuban army,
and will be of the greatest value to
the United States troops when they
land in Cuba.
Major Lima on landing on the Cuban
- ADVEBTISEMENTS. . .
HS^a+H+H+EJ+H+H+B+H+H+H+H+H+B+a+S+H+a+B+a+Q"
Great Bargains
FOR THIS WEEK.
SILKS. DOMESTICS.
M« 900 yards of Fancy RC 200 pieces 36 - Inch
rf%n Taffeta, Silks with HU Percales, in good styles
hMC n\f iJicS? in J Percales, in good styles
S|| U Satin StripeS, 2Z in. w W . nncalpaKrauai-^
WU wide, in light shades, Yard, On sale at 5c a yard *
v . good styles. Actual
TarC. value $1.00. JA| n 350 pieces Covert
■ I /nb Suiting, in 25 differ-
lcft . 'j B_, . . limi ent shades, In good
Qrn P^iV a T a d f S fe°t FF a El if, a k n s Yard, material, for Outing
OCp Plaid Taffeta Silks, yard, suits
K?\» extra fine quality, imUl SUICS * .
uw . very good styles. R a e n d HfIRTFRY
Yard. $1.25 price $1.50 and HOSTERY •
Yard, $1.25 a yard. nUOlfiHli
___ 200 dozen Children's
(Co Tan, Brown and Bronze
FIDI7CC rnnnC I"! 11 Cotton Ribbed Hose, all
linJjOO uUUI/Ot Iw sizes, double heels and
— ,_. n «:. toes. Regular value
fjCp 1250 yards 36-Inch r3ir. 35c a pair.
/Jl« Ail-Wool Cheviot Sui- 1
™y Ings in very nice mix- ___, . s-uua ~ ,
Vo • tures. Regular price * 300 dozen Children's
Yard. 50c KeBUlar pnce ■„ Aftp Fast Black Cotton
10 ' DUC ' 1 J\\\j Ribbed Hose, extra
, ' £m\) good quality, all sizes
850yds.DoubIeWidth _ . double heels and toes.
QCp Granite Suitings, In Pair, Regular value 40c and
■■n v very neat ; designs, / 50c a pair.
VVf dark colorings, good
Yard. styles. Regular price RIB BONS.
■Yard, eoc; A_ RIBBONS.
SHIRT WAISTS. nr USSit, ll^ T.V45
„_,- ;-;:' * I JKC R^bons, in plaids,
"7Cp 35 dozen Ladies' Shirt /J stripes and checks
I -| u - Waists, broken lines. ,■" T all silk.elegant styles,
•f V, Regular price $2.50, VflrH 3-3 '-- inches wide. Re£-
Co«l, $2.00 and $1.50 ; to lfllu ular value 50c and
LdGlli close out at 75c each. 40c a yard.
EXTRA! EXTRA! /
50 pieces of Gray Twilled Flannel, in single and
double widths, suitable for army and navy
bandages. At SDecial low prices.
Store Closed To=Morrow.
123 to 129 POST ST.
coast went into Havana City and re
ceived plans of the latest changes in
fortifications in and around Havana.
In conversation with some friends to
day Major Lima said: "While in Ha
vana I learned that General Blanco ia
making desperate efforts to induce- the
Cuban army to co-operate with the
Spanish troops to fight the American
army of invasion. General Gomez and
the Cuban Government has refused
even to consider such a proposition.
'•Captain-General Blanco on May 4
sent Senor Eliso Giberga under a flag
of truce to General Gomez's camp with
this proposition: 'If the Cuban army
will co-operate with the Spanish army
in repelling the American invasion the
Spanish Government solemnly pledges
itself to recognize the independence of
the Cuban republic. If this proposi
tion is accepted all Cubans and their
arms will be admitted with the same
rank in the Spanish army, the junction
of both armies to be effected at Santa
Clara City.'
"General Gomez refused this propo
sition and warned Senor Giberga he
would receive no more messengers
from Blanco on such errands."
Major Lima got this information
from a brother of Senor Giberga who
sides with the Cubans.
BRIGHT YOUNG GRADUATES.
Successful Commencement Exercises
at Trinity School.
The graduating exercises of Trinity
School were attended by a large number
of people, clergy and laity. The pro
gramme consisted of musical selections
and orations by the graduates. A pleas
ant part of the programme for the stu
dents was the awarding of the prizes and
medals. y
Bishop Nichols awarded the diplomas to
the following graduates: Albion E. Ble
then, Edgar M. Cameron, Gustav E. Che- |
vassus. W. Edward Dassonville, Reginald \
H. Kelly, Hunter Kinzie, Hugh H. Owens,
Harry L. Paddock. George A. Smithson,
Claude D. Starr and Frank M. 'Woods.VOLUNTEERS
REVIEWED BY
McKINLEY
Brilliant Military Pageant
Is Viewed at Camp
Alger.
Twelve Thousand of the Men Who
Will Uphold Our Honor Create
Great Enthusiasm.
Call Office, Rigffa House,
Washington, May 28.
One of the most brilliant military
pageants enacted since the mustering
out parade of the Federal troops, down
the streets of Washington, at the clos
ing of the Civil War, occurred at Camp
Alger this afternoon, when President
— McKinley reviewed the troops now
* iju.irtered there.
The demonstration attracted many
thousands from Washington and the
surrounding country to the camp
grounds near Falls Church. There
were 12,000 troops in line. President
McKinley and party went to the ramp
In a special train, leaving the city at
2:30 and returning shortly before 7
o'clock. Besides the President and Mrs.
McKinley, the reviewing iarty includ
ed Vice-President and Mrs. Hobart and
their so-n, Secretary of War and Mrs.
Alger, Secretary of the Navy and Mrs.
Long, Miss Long, General Miles and
itaff and Miss Wilson, daughter of the
Secretary of Agriculture. Among Gen
eral Miles' stafL were Captain Abelgar
of the Norwegian army, military' ob
lerver, aVid General Carlarsco and Col
onel Hernandez, of the Cuban army.
The reviewing stand surmounted a
aigh hill overlooking the parade ground
af the Sixth Illinois. The troops were
massed in front of the parade ground,
immediately on the arrival of the Presi-
Sential party the line, 12,000 strong, be
fan moving. Troops A and C, cavalry,
Lcted as a general escort and did not
participate in the review. The Ninth
Dhio, colored, detailed on advance
picket duty, and the First Rhode Is
.and, which had just arrived, did not
participate. The review lasted more
;han two hours. The men passed the
Presidential stand in company front
Kith arms port. The appearance of
>ach regiment was followed by vocifer
>us cheering. Once well past the Presi
iential party the men fell in fours and
executed a double-quick to quarters.
Throughout the review the President
lat on a platform in front of the stand
md beneath a canopy of American col
»rs with the stars and stripes fluttering
fust back of him. With a few excep
:ions the great army of volunteers
• an imposing appearance and the
reviewing party were highly pleased
Rith the result. The Fourth Missouri
md the Sixth Pennsylvania to some
•xtent were unequipped. The Missou
•ians were without either guns
>r uniforms, a state of affairs which
irovoked great cheering as they march
»d past. After the men disbanded some
;housands of them formed a long lane
;hrough which the President and his
>arty drove.
President and Mrs. McKinley and
?\ee President and Mrs. Hobart took
t long drive about the camp, under the
tscort of <;eneral Graham, in command
tt the camp, and his staff. Then the
President, amid cheers, was driven
jack to the railroad station at Dunn
Loring, where he boarded the special
rain in waiting and was carried back
t) the White Hous->.
Two more regiments came to swell
he army of volunteers during the day.
Dnp, the First Rhode Island, 1000
Itrongf, Colonel Abbott commanding,
,nd the other, the Twenty-second Kan
las, which reached Dunn Loring, the
•jiilroad station, this evening and did
lot go to camp until late.
The second death in camp occurred
iarly this morning, whon Private Fred
trick Haushalter. Company E, Eighth
Dhio, fell a victim to heart paralysis.
Sis remains were shipped home after
I short military service on the grounds.
The liquor prohibition is being rigidly
tnfore'ed. The Ninth Ohio battalion
if colored troops wer» on advance
ticket duty, and the men were stationed
i mile out of camp inspecting every
cagon for evidence of liquor.
I'.rigadier-Oenerals Charles H. King,
r. V. Grf-c-ne and H. Gray Otis wore or
lered to-day to report to Major-'!<>n
iral Merritt, commandin? the Depurt
npnt of the Pacific, for assignment to
iuty with the expedition to the Philip
•inr-s.
CHATTANOOGA, May 28.— The sec
md division of the First Corps of the
Tolunteer army, under ihe command of
3rigadier-General Poland, was involv
id in an exciting sham battle for sev- j
iraJ hours to-day. About 0090 men I
rere engaged, and the battle was
raged strictly according to tho regula- ;
lon tactics.
The fightine ground was a large arm
<f woods and field along through the
own. The Second Brigade, composed '
'f the Sixth Ohio, First "West Virginia
.nn One Hundred and Fifty-eighth In- :
liana. was concealed in the woods. It
ras attacked by the First Brigade,
omposed of the Third Pennsylvani .
'hirty-first Michigan and One Hundred
.nd Sixtieth Indiana and one brigade i
omposed of the Second Ohio, Four- 1
eenth Minnesota and the First Perm- !
ylvania. The Second Brigade, althou-'i !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Comes Fourth.
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUXDING. RECEPTION ROOM— No. 7.
CONSULTATION-FREE.
\vk* °J/ ffle tiwf ARMY and NAVy. -* tl' c *&
•v <C\X n, A/ y»y^^?y^ 11/ *' I# our boys in
\JuL^ W BLUE. AND GIVE 10 PER CENT DlS-
i<v irK*. j£& ! '^>f!JK&n!3fc iCIMi COUNT from our regular prices' on all
X? ___J^^ 'Hfl -<T^ r TT - work done Vor them.
jfaz''- f//'%t/ V FULL SET OFTEET.; f0r... '.......... %4 50 up
--— -"""\|-/ .' '----; : GOLD CROWNS, 22k............;...;.... 3 50 up"
jwienn wWiwW^m. AbkJTHIS .bridge work, per t00th............. .3 so up
"WC UKJ yS^W.jS^m\ rr * 1 -^" "^ ■ SILVER FILLING 25c up
/J&S's/ / '''fm& : f:-'?\*± ■ VAn> ' GOLD FILLING ■.....:....... ..:....: 75c up
FOR /WZ/t Jrl^- '''-V\ YOU^^ CLEANING TEETH EOc up
W? §^b I extracted A Physician Always in Attendance. V
'•' V' W \a FILLED-- SKILLEDOPERATORS—LADT, ATTENDANT
FFFTH \ J^CROWNE» PHONE DAVIS 664.
ILL I II \%gs& &r Bridccwork nD T" C QT Df| M
WITHOUT pain. JLJn. .*;• t, o 1 nuiNU.
Olflce Hours-9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Bundays, 9a. m. to 2p. m
outnumbered two to one, put up a stiff
fight and the attacking brigade was
well worn out before it gave up. No
one was injured during the engage
ment. The sham battles have proved
such good training to the men that the
officers have determined to make them
of frequent occurrence hereafter.
DENVER, May 28.— A special to the
News from Cheyenne, Wyo., says:
Governor Richards was advised to
day from Washington that if the Al
ger Light Artillery would resolve them
selves from light artillery into heavy
artillery they would be accepted as
Wyoming's quota for second call. At
a meeting to-nis-ht It was so arranged.
This battery will therefore go to the
front. They can be thoroughly pre
pared within a week.
LOP ANGELES, May 2S.— Four trains
300 soldier? each, bound from
New Orleans to San Francisco, passed
through this city about noon to-day.
The first division was the stock train,
which arrived here at 11:10. At 11:50
the second division, bearing 300 men,
under command of Colonel Overshiner,
arrived. Coffee and sandwiches, fruit
and flowers were served at the River
Station, on the Southern Pacific. The
divisions travel about half an hour
apart. The first left here at 12 o'clock
for San Francisco.
FOOD NOW VERY
SCARCE AT CIENFUEGOS
All Ships That Succeed in Running
the Blockade Will Escape
Port Charges.
Copyrighted, IS3S. by .Tames Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 28.—Cap
tain Walker of the Atlas line steamer
Adula, which arrived here to-day from
Oenfuegop, states that provisions in
that town are very scarce. The Gover
nor of Cier.iuegos has Issued a procla
mation that all ships laden with pro
visions which succeed in passing the
blockade can have their cargoes ad
mitted free, and that there will be no
port charges of any kind. The land
line between Havana and Cienfuegos
is working, and also the cable line to
Santiago. The American fleet only cut
one cable, and communication was not
interrupted.
The Adula brought away from Cien
fuegos eighty refugees, twenty of whom
were children, but only after she had
been detained for several days by ths
Spanish authorities. Why he was de
tained Captain Walker was not in
formed. The Adula on her arrival in
the harbor was boarded by an officer,
who told Captain Walker she would be
detained. A small gunboat, with a
gatling gun, was detailed to guard her,
but after three days the guard was re
moved.
PRESENTS A FLAG TO
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL
Patriotic Pacific Grove Woman Causes
Old Glory to Be Hoisted Over
Young America.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 2S.— Mrs. B.
L. Hollenbeck yesterday presented a
handsome flag to the Pacific Grove
public school, and amid the cheers and
applause of school children and their
parents and friends the stars and
stripes were unfurled for the first time
over the high school building. A pretty
ceremony was gone through, one strik
ing feature of which was the singing
of patriotic songs by the grammar
school pupils. Among the songs was
a clever parody on "Yankee Doodle,"
entitled "Yankee Dewey Dandy."
Mrs. Hollenbeck presented the flag
with a few graceful and patriotic re
marks, and G. D. Kierulff, sub-princi
pal of the high school, received it on
behalf of the school. The flag was then
fastened to the waiting halyards and
hoisted, while cheer after cheer was
sent up by the crowd.
CONCORD'S FAREWELL TO
THE BOYS IN BLUE
CONCORD, May 28.— Our people
turned out en masse yesterday to bid
godspeed to seven brave boys who left
on the train for San Francisco to en
list. The school was dismissed an hour
before the usual time that the scholars
might be on hand to bid the boys good
by. A fife and drum carps was organ
ized to lead the boys to the depot. The
procession was under command of
Judge John J. Burke, a Union veteran,
while John W. Guy, a Confederate vet
eran, was the proud bearer of old glory.
A cavalcade of mounted youngsters
helped to swell the dimensions of the
procession. The parting at the depot
was effecting in the extreme, mothers,
fathers, sisters, brothers and sweet
hearts mingling their tears.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
GREAT ARMY
TO BE LANDED
NEAR HAVANA
NEW YORK, May 28.— The Herald's Washington correspondent tel
egraphs: It is the intention, of President McKinley and the War De
partment that the invasion of Cuba shall be made with a decisive
rush. There will be no invasion, a p?rson high in administration cir
cles informs me, until there are 100,000 men thoroughly equipped and
encamped at Tampa.
My informant pointed out lhat General Blanco had an army of
perhaps 100,000 acclimated troops. In the opinion of the authorities it
would be foolish to send less than that number of United States sol
diers, particularly as many of them are raw recruits and not accli
mated.
When the blow is struck it must be decisive, and it will take place
almost immediately • after troops have been landed. There will be no
bombardment of Havana until the American forces are on Cuban soil,
and then the army and navy will make a combined attack.
AT FINAL REST
IN THE ABBEY
Remains of Gladstone
Laid in Westminster.
BESIDE BENJAMIN DISRAELI
PRINCE OF WALES AMONG THE
PALL -BEARERS.
Simple but Impressive Funeral Serv
ices Attended by the Mourning
English of All Ranks
and Classes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. May 28.— 1n the northern
transept of Westminster Abbey, where
England's greatest dead rest, the body
of the late William Ewart Gladstone
was entombed to-day with the cere
monies of the nation he had served and
of the church he had loved. His grave
is beside that of his life long adversary.
Benjamin Disraeli (Lord Beasonsfield),
whose marble effigy looks down upon it
decked with the regalia which Glad
stone had refused. The possible future
Kings of Great Britain walked beside
the great commoner, and the nobility
and learning of the state surrounded
the bier, though the wish of the de
ceased had been for simplicity.
Six tall candles burned beside the
bier, and on either side stood the sup
porters of the pall. The Prince of
Wales and the Duke of York were at
the head of the coffin, and ranging be
hind them were the Marquis of Salis
bury, Earl of Kimberly, A. J. Balfour,
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Lord
Rosebery and Mr. Gladstone's two old
time friends, Baron Rendel and George
Armistead.
Within the chancel stood the Dean of
Westminster, and behind him were
gathered the cathedral clergy, the
Archbishop of Canterbury and the
Bcarlet and white surpliced choir, filling
the chapel. The mourners who sat in
the stalls nearest to the bier were Mrs.
Gladstone, her sons Herbert and Ste
phen, and other members of the fam
ily, with little Dorothy Drew, Mr. Glad
stone's favorite grandchild. The Prin
cess of Wales and the Duchess of York
occupied the dean's pew, opposite.
In tiers of temporary seats in the
north and sc-uth transepts were assem
bled the members of tho two houses of
Parliament, the Mayors of the princi
pal cities;, delegates from Liberal or
ganizations, and representatives of
ether civic and political organiza
tions, while the long nave was
crowded with thousands of men and
women, among them being most of the
celebrities in all branches of English
life. Every gallery, balcony and niche
high up among the rafters held a clus
ter of deeply interested spectators. In
all, 2500 persons were assembled in the
Abbey, all clothed in the deepest black,
save a few officials, whose regalia
gleamed brilliantly from this somber
background. Thousands thronged the
square outside in order to witness the
passage of the funeral procession from
Westminster Hall. A double line of
500 policemen kept an open passage for
the funeral cortege.
The chief officials had assembled in
Westminster Hall at 10 o'clock this
morning. The Bishop of London, the
Right Reverend Mandel Creighton,
D.D., read a brief prayer there, and at
10:30 o'clock the procession was formed
and slowly passed through the great
crowd, a distance of 300 yards, to the
western entrance of the Abbey, be
tween two ranks of the Eton Volun
teers in their buffon uniforms.
The dean read the appointed sentence
committing the body to the earth and
the Archbishop of Canterbury pro
nounced the benediction. Mrs. Glad
stone stood bravely with great com
posure throughout the service. Her
lace was lifted upward and her lips
were moving as though repeating the
lines of the service. She also kept
standing during the only official fea
tures of the service, "The proclamation
by Garter of the style of the deceased,"
as the official programme hr 1 it. Gar
ter enumerated the various offices
which Mr. Gladstone had held in his
life from the beginning. The organ
then played "The Dead March in Raul."
Finally the Prince of Wales, the Duke
nf York and other pallbearers shook
hands with Mrs. Gladstone, the mourn
ers filed past the grave, taking a last
view of the coffin, and when they had
been escorted down the nave to the
entrance the people slowly departed.
Memorial services in honor of Mr.
Gladstone were held to-day all over
Great Britain.
CLAIM TO HAVE
FAVORABLE NEWS
Spanish Statesmen Resort to Subter
fuge in Order to Keep Up
Public Confidence.
MADRID, May 28.— Persistent ru-
mors are in circulation that the Gov
ernment has received very favorable
news, but is waiting for confirmation
before making its advices public. A
rumor current on the Bourse to-day
thfit the Spanish had recaptured Ca
vite gained credence, in view of the
fact that General Blanco telegraphed
from Havana to Lieutenant General
Correa. the Minister of War, congratu
lating him upon this Spanish victory
'in the Philippines. In the Chamber to
i day, in reply to questions on the 3ub
! ject, Senor Romero Minister ox
\ the Colonies, said the Government had j
received very favorable news from the
Philippines, and a^ded that official dis
patches announced th_t all was well in
I Cuba and Porto Rico.
TO MEET AT
MINNEAPOLIS
General Assembly of the
Presbyterians.
FINISHES ALL ITS BUSINESS.
REPORTS SHOW VERY GOOD
FINANCES.
Dr. Radcliffe Speaks of the Satisfac
tory Results and Points
With Hope to the
Future.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINONA LAKE, Ind., May 28.— The
one hundred and tenth general assem
bly of the Presbyterian church fin
ished its business and adjourned to
day, to meet at Minneapolis a year
hence.
The finance committee reported that
the transfer committee of the assem
bly has in Its custody funds to the
amount of $714,254, the income from
which is paid to various beneficiaries,
particularly the board of ministerial
relief. The present surplus in the hands
of the treasurer of the assembly
amounted to $86,690. The per capita
tax for the expenses of the assembly
was reduced to 4 cents per communi
cant. The proposal to increase the rate
of the entertainment for commissioners
from $1 25 to $1 50 per day was adopted
by a vote of 114 to 82.
A sharp discussion over a memorial
to Congress calling for the prohibition
of the liquor traffic in Government
buildings and reservations resulted in
affirmative action.
In closing the session Dr. Radcliffe
referred to the satisfactory results at
tained and pointed with hope to the
future. He hoped that the time would
soon come when all the forces in the
church would be arrayed in harmony
and all distrust be removed.
PLANS FOR THE VOYAGE
OF THE MONTEREY
Monitor Will Steam to Honolulu and
Be Towed Thence to the
Philippines.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD, May
28.— The force of painters completed
work on the Mohadnock this morning
and were transferred to the United
States collier Brutus. The lead color
goes on well over the steamer's black
paint, and one coat will suffice. A force
of shipwrights and machinists Is at
work on the Brutus. The shipwrights
are preparing the foundations for the
mounts of her guns and those for the
towing bits, and the machinists are
overhauling the small valves of the
main engines, which are in fine shape.
The shipsmiths at the shop are mak
ing stanchions and angle iron braces
for the decks, where the guns are to be
located, and also some large bolts for
the bits.
The equipment riggers are now la
boring on a "towing bridle" for the
Monterey. It was an original idea of
Foreman Edward Furlong, and will be
constructed of 4%-inch wire cable. It
will be 360 feet long and goes half way
around the ship, being made fast to the
forward and the amidship bitts. It has
a "pelican" hook at the bow, which
can be made to release the ship from
the towline in an instant, should heavy
weather or the presence of a hostile
ship necessitate it. The intention, ac
cording to the latest information, is to
have the Monterey go to Honolulu un
der her own steam and take a tow
from the Brutus the rest of the dis
tance It is said the idea of having
another tug accompany the monitor
and her consort has been abandoned.
The towing hawsers are three In
number, of 12-lnch Manila, and 370 feet
long. The tug Unadllla made a spe
cial trip for them to-day and brought
them to the navy yard to-night.
HOT ON THE TRAIL
OF SPANISH SPIES
NEW YORK, May 28.— A Key West
special to the Herald says: Rumors of
work being done by Spanish spies con
tinue to fill the air here, but up to to
night no arrests have been made. Cap
tain Merrill, in command of the bar
racks, has a large detail of men scour
ing, and he expects important captures
will be made soon.
It is reported that the men who are
believed to be the ones who shot Ser
geant Richards, at Mortar Battery, the
night before last, were seen again to
day in the neighborhood of the fort.
There is something mysteric-us about
the matter, and it is a subject of com
ment that no arrests have been made.
It is also alleged that there are many
spies here who are not of Spanish birth.
A few days ago a foreigner who was
not a Spaniard applied for work at
Venable's machine shops. He worked
there but two days, when he mysteri
ously disappeared, and it in generally
believed that he was an emissary of
Spain.
Suisun's Bed Cross Society.
SUISUN, May 28.— A local branch of
the Red Cross Society was organized
here to-day by the women of Sulsun
and vicinity, with forty names on the
membership roll. The following were
the officers elected: Honorary presi
dent, Mrs. Mary F. Hiiborn; president,
Mrs. A. J. Buckles; vice president, Mrs.
Lena Dinkelspiel; secretary, Mrs. W. H.
Bryan; treasurer, Mrs. B. Dent Nay
lor; board of executive committee, Mrs.
Grant Chadbourn, Mrs. B. Abernathy,
Mrs. T. H. Hyatt, Mrs. W. C. Shel
don and Mrs. W. L. Griffiths
GERMANS
CONTINUE
ABUSIVE
With Few Exceptions the
Press Continues Say=
in£ Mean Things.
But a Socialist Paper Shows
How the United States Has
Scared Europe.
BERLIN, May 28.— With few excep
tions the German press continues its
campaign of abuse on America, either
outspokenly or by inuendoes. The Con
servative, Centrist and National Lib
eral papers are especially virulent,
while the Liberal and Radical newspa
pers do not disguise their dislike for
the United States, and attribute base
and selfish motives for its action. Even
a leading German magazine, Deutsche
Rundschaull, in the June number, joins
in the general newspaper sentiment.
An article in this magazine written by
Herr yon Brandt, formerly German
Minister to China, on the subject of the
Hispano-American war winds up by
dubiously hoping that "at the close of
the war the United States will show
something which their political course
has often lacked, namely, respect for
the rights and dignity of others."
The Socialist press alone is friendly.
The Vorwaerts, in an editorial be
lieved to have been written by Herr
Liebknecht, the Socialist leader, and
which has since been strongly criticised
by other newspapers, says, after de
scribing the fears aroused in Europe
by the abandonment of its policy of
isolation by the United States:
"Their first move produces a revolu
tion in the markets of the world and
famine in decrepit Europe — spectre of
starvation. Their first blow was a
crushing naval defeat of an ancient
monarchy, which they forbade to con
tinue the work of wholesale murder.
One more defeat and that monarchy
falls, the dynasty is hunted out, and a
republic is established. What strength
and vigor are displayed! And there
with decrepit Europe has never thus
far reckoned. A new power is here."
The papers teem with sarcastic com
ments on the alleged inactivity of
America, attributed to a "lack of cour
age" or to "unreadiness of its forces,"
and especially to the "notorious condi
tions of insubordination of American
military"
The Mllitaire Wochen Zeitung, the
leading army organ, in an article writ
ten by an officer of the general staff,
says: "Any attempt of the United
States to effect the landing of large
bodies of troops in Cuba before the
raw and undisciplined hordes have at
least six months training will inev
itably result in disastrous and whole
sale slaughter. It is even very doubt
ful if these so-called soldiers will stand
their ground against the veterans of
Spain next fall. We only need recall
the first battle of Bull Run to become
aware of the absence of staying qual
ities of their militia, badly led and
worse drilled."
The Government press is strangely si
lent, with exception of occasionally de
nied accounts, which are construed as
being unfriendly to America, Nothing
has been done by the "inspired" news
papers to stem the general current of
sometimes veiled hostility permeating
the whole German press. They have not
even replied to the various articles of
the Bismarckian press this week in
which Europe is warned of the "coming
American seizing the markets," and a
demand is made for a combination to
"combat this invasion before it is too
late."
A Spanish story in regard to the
American warships using the Spanish
flag at Guantanamo, Cuba, in order to
effect a surprise, is generally disliked,
even the Cologne Volks-Zeltung, other
wise hostile, saying: "The news is in
credible. Such a piece of cunning cow
ardice the Americans could not be
guilty of."
Everywhere In Germany collections
are being made in aid of the Spanish
war fund. For a month past the Span
iards in this country and their sym
pathizers have contributed largely. The
total thus far contributed amounts to
23.000,000 marks, which sum was
shipped on Wednesday last from Ham
burg to Spain, by way of England.
The German Admiralty will shortly
dispatch the schoolships Moltke and
Vols to the West Indies for the protec
tion of German residents in Central
America.
Regarding the news that Spain has
agreed to cede the Philippine Islands to
France, it is said at the German For
eign Office that Germany has informa
tion that pour parleurs looking to this
end have been proceeding for some
time, mainly through Senor Leon y
Castille, the Spanish Embassador to
Paris, and that the negotiations have
already reached a rather definite shape.
On Wednesday last the Embassadors
of Germany, France and Russia held an
important meeting at the Foreign Office
in Madrid. When they were asked if
these powers are ready to assist in in
tervention in Spain's behalf, no defin
ite answer was made except by the
representative of Germany, Ccnint yon
Radowitz, who said, "At the present
juncture Germany has not joined in an
effort to attempt intervention."
Thereupon Duke Almodivar de Rio,
the new Spanish Minister for Foreign
Affairs, cautiously mentioned the nego
tiations with France above referred to.
Germany's answer to this is found in
a semi-official communication published
on Thursday last, setting forth that
Germany would most vigorously pro
test against the cession of the Philip
pine Islands to France or any other
single power, adding that a cession to
the combined powers of Europe would
be much more acceptable.
It is understood that this declaration
had an effect in Spain, and the whole
project has been dropped for at least
the present.
The German newspapers sharply
comment on the big orders given by the
United States for the building of war
ships. The Post of this city, the or
gan of Prince Yon Hohenlohe, the Im
perial Chancellor, commenting upon
the matter says: "These preparations
go far beyond present needs and were
intended to serve other and more im
portant ends."
The Spanish military agent. Senoi
Sandoval, is still here. It was he who
effected the recent purchase in behalf
of Spain of the North German steamer
Havel.
The Frankfort Zeitung says: "The
Spanish Minister at Copenhagen has In
duced the Government of Denmark to
Instruct the Danish officials In the An
tilles to afford Spain certain facilities
in regard to her fleet."
LANDED FOOD AND
ARMS FOR CUBANS
Cruiser Brooklyn Has a Hot Fight at
Cienfuegos and Kills Many
Spaniards.
NEW YORK, May 28.— A dispatch
from Key West says: It is reported
that Schley's flagship, the Brooklyn,
landed 60,000 rounds of ammunition, to
gether with rifles and food for the Cu
bans, after a hot fight at Cienfuegos on
Tuesday. The fort on the south side
of Cienfuegos was demolished by the
Marblehead, and the Spanish cavalry
was routed by the insurgents. Many
Spaniards were killed, but no Ameri
cans were injured and no Cuban losses
are reported.
Patriotism in Boss Valley.
ROSS VALLEY. May 28.— A Red
Cross society has been formed here.
The following were elected officers:
Mrs. Charles Belden president; Mrs. H.
C. Mintorn, vice-president; Mrs. Charles
Spinney, secretary; Miss Julia Torap
klns, treasurer. Meetings will be held
every Wednesday afternoon for sewing
and other work in the Sunday-school
of the Presbyterian church, near the
Theological Seminary at San Anselmo.
BANK ROBBERS OVERTAKEN
BY A CITIZENS' POSSE
One of a Pair of Outlaws Slain and a
Pursuer Wounded in a Fight
in a Utah Canyon.
SPRINGVILLE, Utah, May 28.— Two
; men entered the Springville Bank at 10
| o'clock to-day and at the point of a pistol
! compelled the cashier to hand over $4000.
I The robbers then mounted their horse 3
and disappeared.
A large posse was organized, and start
ed in pursuit. They overtook the robbers
in a canyon some distance from town and
i called upon them to surrender. The rob
, berS fired, wounding a man named Allen.
i The posse returned the fire, killing one of
the robbers and compelling the other to
i surrender. Half of the stolen money was
I recovered.
The dead man has not yet been iden
j tiffed. The man captured has been
' identified as I. Maxwell, of the "Rob
! bers' Roost" gang and for whom the
I Governor of the State had offered a
j large reward.
TO AID THE jtlEr» CBOSS.
Prominent Ladies of Redwood City-
Engaged in Effecting an
Organization.
REDWOOD CITY, May 2S.— A formal
organization for a Rod Cross So
ciety was effected last night by
the most prominent men and
women of Redwod City. About sixty
signed the roll for active membership.
The officers elected were the following:
President, Mrs. S. A. Went worth; first
vice-president, Mrs. L. J. Frank; second
vice-president, Mrs. S. T. Fox; third vice
president, Mrs. J. H. Mansfield; recording
secretaries. Misses Kate Steward and
Julia Beeger; financial secretary. Miss
Ethel Dodge; treasurer, L. P. Behrens;
advisory board, Mrs. L. J. Frank, Mrs.
S. T. Fox and Mrs. J. H. Mansfield. The
following committees were appointed:
committee on headquarters. Miss Bettin
and Mrs. Mansfield; conmmittee on band
ages, Mrs. L. J. Frank; supply committee,
Mrs. Thorp, Mrs. Frank and Mrs. Fox;
committee to superintend work, Mrs. Gra
ham.
Wheat From Kern County.
BAKERSFIELD, May 28.— The first car
load of new wheat was shipped from Sand
Cut to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£ v\j \ly*&'*'/ girl steps from
r t3» '/■ gir'hood into wo-
C^jv_^J^/^ mar. hood, she en-
B <&l!£3hl£sßZrj^ ters a new aud strange
Gjs****^ country. A land ;of
'3r 5 »-. ' ' .1 i —-^. promise and hope, yet
full of hidden dangers. Whether she will
find happiness or misery depends largely
upon the health and condition of the deli-
cate, special organism which is the source
and centre of her womanhood. .■:. .
.The lives of young women are | often
wrecked because of a mistaken sense of
modesty, which leads them to neglect the I
earlier symptoms of feminine weakness.
These troubles unless corrected," develop
into serious chronic diiHculties which be-
come a dragging burden, ruining life's besl
opportunities and blighting all possibility
of happy wifehood and motherhood. _
Any. woman suffering from these delicat*
complaints needs the health-giving power
ofDr Pierces Favorite Prescription. .It
heals and strengthens the womanly organs;
stops weakening drains; gives vitality ; to
the " nerve-centres, and restores perfect - or-
ganic soundness nntTconstitution&l energy.
It is the only medicine devised for this pur-
pose by a skilled and experienced specialist
in diseases of the feminine organism. ■ i
Mrs. W. B. Duncan, of Arlington; Mo., writes :
" I have used your ' Favorite Prescription? and
am never tired of sounding its praise. j> When my
lady friend* com plain, I say ' Why don't you take
Dr. k Pierce's Favorite Prescription '' ..I told au
anxious mother, whose daughter (:8 years old) :
had i not been right for ; five , months, about th»
medicine, aud after . the young lady had taken
two-thirds of a bottle of 'I-'avorite Prescription '
she was all right. She had been treated by two
of our best doctors.'.'., ... -... :..„...-
Dr. "Pierces great thousand - page yius-
trated book, "The People's Common. i.u se
Medical V Adviser" 't sent - paper '• bound\ on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay the
cost of ; mailing only. : 'j. Or, a•: handsome
cloth-bound copy for }i stamps. Address
Or R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. V 7 V . J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦*
T^i! \ A. . "**
: The Last I
\ Week of j
| Our Big j
: Combination :
I Shoe Sale. :
X For the Wind^np .%•
X Some of the Most X
-♦■ — — >
X Wonderfnl Bar J
♦ ! >
; gains the Sale t
♦ Has Had. Three
♦- _ 4
♦ in Particnlar We t
> . . — . — >
\ Call Attention To- >
1800 pairs Ladles' Tan Kid Oxfords, a
"T- turn soles, coin toes and tips, all sizes
+ and all widths....... '$1.00 **"
"♦" '■"" ' yp^. ■♦"
+'%i) : :M "*■
» 2200 pairs Ladies" Fine French Calf 4-
"♦" Lace Shoes, welted sewed soles, lat- .
■*- est style coin toes, patent leather ~
T tips, all sizes, all widths. Worth $4 4.
+ per pair. W«] close out «I?O t}FZ
4. this week at — €J>^»^O ♦■
-f
"^
-f- 2700 pairs Men's Fine Calf Lace Shoes, +
welted sewed soles, latest style com *
■T" toe, all sizes and widths. (6 f\C\ "▼"
a Worth $5; to close out at «J>Oe -f.
llf Yon Want Good I
t Shoes CHEAP
"♦" We have them. If they are -f
T not as represented return the/n -f
"*" and we will refund the pur- +
T^ chase money. T^
f If you want Cheap Shoes +
+ this week look at our Bar- -f
4. gain Counters. +
•♦■ We do not advertise odds and "♦■
"*" ends, but dispose of them on "♦"
"t 'our Bargain Counters at 25c *
X and, soc on the dollar.
I nolanTros. I
X PHELAN BUILDING. -♦■
X 812-814 Market St. X
"♦" PHONE 5527. "*"
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
_gJJ> FINE TAILORING
tL FINE TAILORING
/■f-V&k PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
#^g» WORKMANSHIP, at
tw^^iPP-' 25 per cent Less than Other
I ffimrs Tailors Charge, Go to ,
W§ JOE POHEIM
IWW ah Wool Suits to &if) "la tf OC"-
\ M W Order from 4>IZ t0 4>UU
/ li Pantsfrom . ... $4 to $|0
% T*s~ mm^k§f 201 and 203 Montgomery St, |
. ■ 844 and 846 Market St,
IHOand. 112 Market St. San Francisco.
"D T> TT C II FOR BARBERS, B AK-
ijliU dlli-iO ers, bootblacks, bath-
_*V"^?f^"""f houses. - bllllard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders. '■ candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, : laundries, . paper-
hangers, : printers, ■ painters, '-:■; shoe 7 t actorla*.
stablemen, tar-roofers. , tanners,' tailors, eto.-
V' w BUCHANAN BROS., ;
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* •*-
34
MADERA'S
MYSTERY
UNSOLVED
Friends of Deputy Tax Col
lector Kjohn Believe
Him Innocent
Place Confideoce in hfis Story of
th)e Alleged Robbery of the
County's Vaults.
MADERA, May 2S.— This community
Is in a state of suppressed excitement
over the facts connected with the al
leged robbery of Deputy Tax ■Collector
William Krohn, -which occurred about
11 o'clock last Tuesday night. The
presence of a San Francisco detective
on the scene and the systematic sift-
Ing by the county officials of all the
details of the case has had the effect
of engendering a bitter feeling in the
minds of a majority of the citizens,
who profess their willingness to stake
their lives on the honesty and integrity
of the young official against whom sus
picion has been directed.
The intensity of this feeling was
made manifest to-day at the meeting
of the Democratic county convention.
The friends of William Krohn, who is
Btill confined to his bed from the ef
fects of the beating administered by
•unknown men whom, he claims, as
saulted him and then looted the office
vault of more than $7000 in gold coin,
placed him in nomination for the of
fice of Tax Collector. A whirlwind of
cheers greeted the announcement of
Krohn's name and the nomination was
carried by acclamation.
The present Tax Collector is Lew
Krohn, though the business of the of
fice has been for three or four years
entirely under the charge of William
Krohn, his brother and official deputy.
Both brothers have a host of friends
In the county and for this reason it
may be seen that the whisper of sus
picion that has gone out concerning
the circumstances of the alleged rob
bery has not met a cordial reception.
The story of the alleged robbery as
told by Krohn, as well as the circum
stances immediately following it, may
be briefly retold in order to make clear
the facts upon which the county offi
cials have seen fit to base their act in
ordering a rigid examination into the
case, as well as the open assertion
made by Detective Curtin, who is di
recting the investigation at the in
stance of District Attorney Larew, tha
he believes no robbery was com
mitted, and that Krohn's wounds wer
either self-inflicted or were inflicted b
an accomplice for the preo, ncerted pur
nose of making it annear that the office
vault had been looted of money it did
not contain.
Krohn's story is that he went to his
office on Tuesday evening to work on
the delinquent tax roll. At about 10:30
o'clock two masked men entered the
office by the rear door and ordered
Krohn to throw up his hands. When
he had complied one of the men took
Krohn's keys, locked the front door and
then ordered him to open the vaul
Krohn protested that the time loc
was on the safe where the cash is kep
Inside the big vault. The men repliet
that they knew that the time lock di<
not begin to work until 11 o'clock an
threatend to kill him unless he open
ed the vault and the safe. He co-mplie
with the demand, and while one ma
Btood guard the other looted the vaul
of a bag containing $7500 in gold coin.
The robbers then tried to lock Kroh
In the vault, but a struggle ensued
during which the deputy threw an iro
bar at the robbers. The missile misse<
Its mark and smashed one of the glas
•windows of the counter railing. Th
robbers stabbed Krohn twice, slashe
him across the palm of the left hand
beat him over the head with what h
believes to have been a piece of lea(
pipe and left him unconscious on th
floor of the inner office.
It will be remarked that Krohn as
serts that he was attacked at about
10:30 o'clock. At 11:25 o'clock, flfty
flve minutes later, Night Watchman
Tooker heard the crash of breaking
glass and located the sound !n the Tax
Collector's office. He tried the door,
but found it locked.
The Interior was brightly lighted,
"but no one was visible in the office. As
no reply was made to his repeated
knockings Tooker concluded that it
■was a false alarm and went about his
business.
At midnight Tooker was accosted by
Mrs. Krohn, who told him that her
husband had net returned from his
office and that she was afraid some
thing had happened to him. They
went together to the office, but found
the lights were out, the electric cur
rent having been shut off at the power
house at midnight. They could hear
some one moaning inside and presently"
discerned Krohn crawling along the
floor toward the front door. He was
repeating somewhat incoherently:
4'Don't beat me any more. Don't kill
me. Take the money. Don't shut me
up in there."
The door was forced open. Krohn was
dragged outside. He was apparently
unconscious, but when some one said
that it would be best to take him back
Into the office he exclaimed.
"No, don't take me back in there."
Physicians were summoned and they
pronounced Krohn to be unconscious
from the effects of a concussion of the
brain. He remained in an apparently
unconscious condition until 8 o'clock the
following morning, when he regained
control of his faculties.
Dr. Hayden says all of Krohn's
wounds are superficial; that all could
have been self-inflicted; that he might
have feigned unconsciousness. He did
not consider the latter two surmises
were probable. Dr. Reed was of the
opinion that the patient's unconscious
ness was not feigned.
An investigation of the premises dis
closed the fact that the back door of
the office was open; that there were
bloody finger prints on the railing of
the back porch and also <>n the roof of
a low shed over which the robbers are
supposed to have escaped to a vacant
lot in the rear.
There was nothing in the inner office
to indicate that a struggle had taken
place there, except the broken glass of
the counter rail. There was no blood
In the inner office or the one adjoining
It. but neai the f ont door were bloody
hand prints on the marble flagging,
where Krohn had crawled to the door.
There was also the print of a bloody
hand on a paper coverpd package in the
i: terior of the vault. Forty or fifty dol
lars In silver coin was scattered over
thf floor of the vault.
There were several gold pieces lying
about. A bag containing about $200 In !
silver was on top of the safe and in the ■
open safe was a package containing
about $100 in currency. The robbers !
had not made a very clean sweep. On |
the desk where Krohn had been work
ing at his books was a small sheet of
paper containing the following letters i
and figures:
"Memo S 210 178.50. C 91.00. Small
5.45, Total 487.95. Bag 7500.00. Total i
7987.95."
The "S" stands for silver coin; the {
"C" for currency; the word "small" for
small coins and the word "bag" for
the bag containing gold taken by rob- j
bers. Krohn explains that this was a j
memorandum of the amount of money
contained in the safe. When search
was made silver, currency and small
coins were found, but the bag of gold ;
was missing. Though the robbers left j
behind them more than 5300 in cash
they carried with them the piece of
lead pipe they are supposed to have j
used as a weapon and the bunch of
keys. Neither has yet been found.
To-day the tax collector's books were
turned over to Expert M. D. Wood. His
investigation of the accounts has as
yet failed to produce from the books
any corrobdration of the figures con
tained on Krohn's memorandum of
Ccish on hand. It has been Krohn's
custom to make frequent cash deposits
with a local bark. The last deposit
made by him was on May 12, when he
received credit for 5230.
Those who claim to disbelieve the
story told by Krohn point to the fol
lowing 1 list of what are alleged to be
suspicious circumstances: That the
time-lock on the money safe should be
set so that It would not begin to work
until so late an hour as 11 o'clock at
night; that fifty-five minutes elapsed
from the time Krohn says he was at
tacked before the night watchman
heard the crash of breaking glass; that
Mrs. Krohn should become alarmed for
the safety of her husband at so early
anhouras 12o'clock; that the robbers left
behind them several hundred dollars
and carried away with them the lead
pipe and keys; that a memorandum of
cash should be left in a conspicuous
place on the desk, when the books fail
to show the amount of cash on hand;
that the back door of the office should
be open; that the bloody finger prints
outside the back door show that at
least one of the robbers was wounded,
when Krohn has no remembrance of
having inflicted a wound; that Krohn
was rendered unconscious by wounds
that are merely superficial; that
being unconscious, he should pro
test against a suggestion to carry him
back into the office; that the night
watchman was unable to see the rob
bers in the office after hearing the
breaking of glass; that there is no trail
of blood from bloody hand prints in
the vault to hand prints on the marble
flagging near the front door, where
Krohn was found; that the time was at
hand when Krohn would have to make
his final accounting for the collection
of taxes which became delinquent on
April 25; that so great an amount of
money had accumulated between May
12, the date of the last deposit, and
May 24, the date of the robbery; that
there were no evidences of a violent
struggle.
On the other hand, Krohn's friends
rightly assert that there are none of
the foregoing alleged suspicious cir-
I cumstances that are not possible of in-
I nocent interpretation when considered
\as possibilities or even probabilities.
i They point to the fact that Krohn has
! always been a young man of exem
! plary habits; that he has never been
known to make use of greater amounts
of money than would be Justified by his
circumstances in life.
Lew Krohn, the Tax Collector, has
I signified his intention to make good to
j the county the amount stolen, as, under
i the law, it should have been turned
j over to the rvv-nty Treasurer some
' time ago. He considers that this fact
renders him responsible for the loss,
even though the money were stolen— a
| question of which he has no doubt.
SALE OF TROTTING STOCK.
Grandly Bred Ones From San Mateo
Stock Farm to Pass Under the
Hammer.
The great San Mateo Stock Farm dis
persal salf will take place at Burlingame
on Thursday, June 2, 189S, commencing at
10 a. m. Under instructions of J. K. Mof
fitt, trustee, seventy-eight head will be
disposed of, bred by William Corbitt,
comprising stallions, brood mares, colts,
fillies and geldings, by such richly bred
sires as Guy Wilkes, 2:15 1 / i; Sable Wilkes.
i 2:18; Oro Wilkes, 2:11 at four years; L,e
Grande, Arthurton, Nutwood, 2:18%, and
other sires of more or less note.
Killip & Co., the well known auction
eers call the particular attention of all
lovers of the harness horse to the superb
i quality of the yearlings to pass under the
hammer. They claim as their sires Oro
Wilkes and Prince Airlie and should as
suredly have a future in turf history.
Trains will leave Third and Townsend
streets at 9 a. m. and 10:40 a. m., stop
ping at Burlingame station, which is on
the farm.
Church Picnic Arranged.
The committees appointed by the pa
rishioners of St. Paul's Parish to arrange
; for the annual excursion and reunion met
last evening in St. Paul's Hall, Twenty
ninth and Church streets. The committee
on grounds reported that El Campo had
been secured for Monday. May 30. r i.ne
literary committee reported that arrange
ments had been made for a series of pa
triotic addresses by the representatives
of the various societies connected with ot.
Paul's Church. The chairman of the com
mittee on prizes stated that seventy-five
valuable prizes had been received and
would be awarded to the successful com-
I petitors in the various games. P. Brod
erlck was elected secretary of the com
mittee on transportation, to replace \.-i
liam Meagher. who. with his two brothers,
has gone with the First Regiment to the
! Philippines. The boats for the excurslon-
I lets will leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Mar
1 ket street, at 9:45 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. A
j band, playing national airs, will accom
pany the excursionists on the first boat.
They don't do things in a half-hearted
way in China, Their national hymn is so
long that the people take half a day to
li6ten to it.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J, Noonon, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29. 1898.
MAJOR-GENERAL
OF VOLUNTEERS
Ex-Senator Butler Is
Confirmed.
MORE BRIGADIERS NOMINATED
H. Q. OTIS NOT AMONG THOSE
APPROVED.
Additional Members of the Regimen
tal, Brigade, Division and
Corps Staffs Are
Selected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, May 28.
The President to-day sent these nom
inations to the Senate:
To be major general of volunteers,
Matthew C. Butler of South Carolina, j
To be brigadier generals of volun- j
teers— James R. *» atson of Texas. Nel- j
son Cole of Missouri, William Coats of
Alabama. !
To be assistant quartermasters, with
rank of captain— First Lieutenant
Charles D. Palmer, Sixth Artillery;
First Lieutenant George M. William-
Bon, Eighth Cavalry; Thomas D. Wee
be of Nebraska, Robert L. Brown of ;
West Virginia, Frank S. Polk of New j
York, Major W. Kimball t -* New York,
Moses Walton Jr. of Ohio, Charles J. .
Goff of West Virginia, J. A. Patten of
lowa, Richard J. Fanning of Ohio.
To be commissary of subsistence,
with rank of major, Edmund Beach of
Montana.
To be chief of commissaries of sub- |
sistence, with rank of major— First \
Lieutenant Sydney A. Cloman, Fif
teenth Infantry; Philip Mothersill of
New Mexico.
To be commissaries of subsistence, i
with rank of captain— Warner Harri- [
son of Ohio, Charles E. Cabell of Vir- I
ginia, John Dubarry Jr. of Pennsylva- i
nia, Winslow S. Lincoln of Massachu- ;
setts.
To be chief surgeon, with rank of
major— Frank S. Bourns of Georgia.
To be assistant adjutant-general, j
with rank of captain— Theodore S. Bot- i
kins of Kansas, Frederick J. Kountze !
of Ohio, First Lieutenant William S. |
Scott, First Cavalry.
To be additional paymasters— Fred T. !
Jones of Ohio, George E. Pickett of I
Virginia, Brewster C. Kenyon of Cali- ]
fornia, George H. Ray of North Da- !
kota Edward S. Fowler of New York.
James S. Harvey of Florida, William
H. Rift of Ohio, George D. Sherman of
Illinois, John P. Townsend of Missouri,
D. W. White of New Hampshire, John
M. Sears of Tennessee, Winfield M.
Clark of Pennsylvania, James W.
Dawes of Nebraska, James Canby of
Colorado, Otto Gecker of Georgia, Louis
Knapp of New York, Samuel M. C.
Hays of Colorado, John W. Fogler of
Kansas, Beverly Waugh Coiner of
Washington.
The Senate confirmed the nomination
| of ex-Senator Butler as major-general
without reference to committee.
The Senate also confirmed these nom
j inations:
To be brigadier-generals: Colonel R.
j H. Hall. Fourth Infantry; Colonel E. C.
I Sumner, Seventh Cavalry; Colonel P.
C. Haines, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.;
I Colonel L. P. Miller, Third Artillery;
i Colonel J. E. Keene, Twenty- first In
fantry; Lieutenant-Colonel E. H. Ern
est, Corps of Engineers; Lieutenant
! Colonel L. Wheaton, Twentieth Infan
try; Lieutenant-Colonel A. McArthur,
j assistant adjutant-general, U. S. A.;
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles H. Brooke,
| Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel J.
1 C. Gilmore, assistant adjutant-general;
! Lieutenant-Colonel W. F. Randolph,
i Third Artillery: Major J. P. Sanger,
; inspector-general; Charles King of
; Wisconsin; Colonel M. V. Sheridan, as
! sistant adjutant-general, U. S. A.
To be first lieutenant— T. R. Sullivan
i of Colorado.
The nomination of Harrison Gray
Otis, which was presented yesterday
with the foregoing, was not confirmed.
ATTACKED THEIR LANDLORD
Lively Row in a Photograph Gallery
on Market Street.
There was a lively row at 731 Market
street last night, which for a time threat
ened to result in bloodshed.
Some time ago Frederick Haussler, a
photographer, sublet part of his gallery
to Herman Jans, J. C. Jones and Charles
Holsman, who advertised themselves aa
German specialists. According to Haus
ler's story he crew tired of the tenants
and ordered them to vacate. As they per
sistently refused he turned off the gas
supply in their apartments and put a lock
on the door. Last night he says he was
walking along the hallway with a hatchet
in his hand when one of the men struck
him in the face, knocking him down.
They then repeatedly kicked him, and,
when his wife interfered, she was also
brutally treated. The "German special
ists," "however, tell a different story.
They claim that Haussler attacked them
with a hatchet, ajid to protect themselves
they knocked him down. They deny
striking Mrs. Haussler, and claim that
only a few days ago their landlord walked
through their office with a rifle on his
shoulder and threatened death to any
body who attempted to stop him.
While the row was in progress several
police officers, who were attracted to the
house by the screams of Mrs. Haussler,
entered the place and arrested the com
batants. They were taken to the City
Prison and booked on charges of dis
turbing the peace.
ROBBED HIS BENEFACTOR.
Edward Stanley Arrested for Stealing
a Cornet.
Captain Charles Hogenson of the Vol
unteers of America last night caused the
arrest of Edward Stanley for petty lar
ceny. Hogenson claims that Stanley was
recently discharged from San Quentin,
and as he promised to lead a better life,
he allowed him to occupy a cot in the
barracks of the Volunteers. To repay his
kindness, Stanley visited the barracks
yesterday afternoon and stole a cornet
belonging to his benefactor. He was ac
companied by another man, for whom the
police are now looking.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
General Organizer Rogers and Special
Organizer Temple are in the southern part
of the State and it appears that they are
doing well for the order. Mr. Temple will
remain in that portion of the State per
manently. _,., ,
Special Organizer Rutherford having or
ganized San Francisco Camp is now de
voting himself to other fields.
A new camp will soon be instituted at
Weavervllle, Trinity County.
On Sunday, June 5, the members of
the order will observe their memorial day,
when they will strew the graves of all de
ceased members with flowers.
I^ast Thursday Redwood Camp re-elect
ed its officers for the ensuing term, they
having proved so satisfactory.
RATHBONE SISTERS.
The Jenny jinks that was to have been
given last Thursday night by San Fran
cisco Temple has been postponed until
next Thursday night. Ida E. Maguire of
this temple was at the session of the
Grand Temple elected grand senior. At
the next meeting of the temple the offi
cers for the ensuing term will be elected.
WHEAT TO
REACH TWO
DOLLARS
Joseph Letter's Big Deal
Will Be Closed Next
Tuesday.
By Clever Manipulation the Young
Chicago Millionaire Has, Made
Big Money.
CHICAGO, May 28.— Joseph Leiter's,
the greatest May wheat deal on earth,
will end Tuesday. The shorts have but
one day's grace left. They must get in
before 1:15 o'clock Tuesday afternoon.
The tip is out that the price will be
marked up to $2. No one disputes Jos
eph Leiter's ability to put the price up
to $3 if he wants to, as he is a dictator
for the time being, and might, if he de
sired, bid it up to $5. Those very near
him say he will be satisfied with $2.
In the famous Hutchinson corner, in
September, 1888, it advanced 68 cents
on the last day of the month to $2, and
Leiter has a desire to see $2 wheat
again. It will be necessary to take but
very little, as there is very little wheat
held outside of his office.
The tailers who usually follow a deal
have generally been driven out. A
good many of them sold out yesterday j
at $1 70, when Jackson Brothers bought j
150,000 bushels for New York Bhort, j
which was said to be the largest out
standing individual line. The remain- j
ing interest is in small lots. The price ;
yesterday was held at $1 70 to $1 75,
and closed at the top figure. For three
consecutive days Leiter has bid the
price up to $1 75 at the close.
A week ago the short interest was
over 1,000,000 bushels. It is now less
than 400,000 bushels. In seven days
Leiter has had about 900,000 bushels
cash wheat delivered him on May con
tracts. He has also bought 500,000
bushels cash stuff, paying within 3
cents to 5 cents for May, to keep it out
of the hands of the elevator people and
the shorts.
His expenditures for cash wheat the
past three weeks have averaged $200,
000 a day, and he is loaded with more
high-priced wheat than at any time
during his fifteen months' bull cam
paign. It is expected there will be a
number of defaults on May contracts
for New Yorkers and foreigners. There
are only 1,500,000 bushels of contract
wheat in store here, all owned by Lei
ter. Tuesday 300,000 bushels will be re
ceived, as it is being rushed in from
the country in, time for the last day.
Trading has been carried on in May
wheat since last July, when it sold at
77 cents. That was the low point. It
did not get above $1 until February.
Since then it has ranged between $1
and $1 85.
There was a reaction two weeks ago
to $1 35, but for the past three days
prices have held around $1 75, or nearly
Jl above the low point. Letier's larg
est holdings were bought around 90
cents and many of them below that
figure. Within the past three weeks
he has been forced to raise his average
by buying large quantities in the vi
cinity of $1 50.
"When May is all cleaned up," said
Joseph Leiter the other day, "we will
have handled 40,000,000 bushels." This
wheat has been merchandized at a
profit, so far as they have gone. Sinre
September 1 there have been between
25.000,000 and 30,000,000 bushels cash
wheat merchandized, the greater part
of which was sold abroad, all of it at a
profit.
In one instance it paid over 5 cents a
bushel. How much he has left is known
to no one but Leiter. It is estimated
at from 5,000,000 to 15.000.000 bushels
Most of It is either afloat for Europe or
in store there, the stock here being
about 1.500,000 bushels. He has a little
in the Northwest and some at the sea
board, but the greater part of his hold
ings are in transit.
The wheat trade of the world has
never seen anything like the extended
operations of Joseph Leiter, and prob
ably never will again. They were made
possible only by the shortage in the for
eign wheat cron.
Leiter. with $30,000,000 at his com
mand, and without any speculative ex
perience, was able to cope with exist
ing conditions and to take full advan
tage where an older operator would
not have dared to. He operated on the
theory that the consumption would
overtake the supply and that higher
prices would surely result. There have
been times within the past two months
when the conditions didn't look any too
favorable, but as he controlled the
greater part of the cash wheat in all
leading markets and operated heavily
about, he was finally able to start
things his way.
The war coming on created a rush
for supplies among foreigners and add
ed over 75 cents a bushel to the price
of wheat. One feature of Letter's ope
rations was in his borrowing money.
There was never a time when he did
not have a sufficient supply, but he be
lieved that in arranging for it it was
good policy to get about double the
amount that he was likely to use. This
enabled him to enlarge his operations
and carry his point.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
W. F. CODY— Subscriber. City. W. F.
Cody was at the Bush Street Thent^r
with his show within the past sixteen
years.
MADEIRA-LONDON-F. S.. Oakland,
Cal. No ship has ever made the voyage
from Madeira, Africa, to London in the
time named.
THE PHILIPPINES— C. N.. City. The
Philippines compose an archipelago of
about 2000 Islands, with an aggregate area
of 114,000 square miles.
UNITED STATES NAVY— A. S., City.
For a list of the fighting ships of the
United States navy see The Call of Sun
day, May 22, 1898.
A CONTRACT— L., City. From the
statement In your communication it ap
pears that there has been a breach of
contract, and the remedy for the party
aggrieved is to commence an action in a
court of competent jurisdiction.
COMFORT BAGS— Mrs. F. M. H., May
fleld, Cal. The president of the Red CrQss
Society is San Francisco is Mrs. W. B.
Harrington and the secretary is Mrs. J.
F. Merrill. The office Is in the Claus
Spreckels building, southwest corner of
Third and Market streets. Write to that
Bociety for information about the manner
of making comfort bags and other ar
ticles for the use of soldiers.
IVORY TURNED YELLOW— J. F. S.,
City. Ivory that has turned yellow may
be -whitened by washing several times a
day with soap and exposing in the sun
to dry- A solution of sulphurous acid
will also restore the whiteness, but the
use of these on piano keys would be a
dangerous experiment by one not pro
ficient. If the keys of your piano have
become yellow with age, better send for a
person competent to restore the color
than attempt it yourself. It will be
cheaper in the end.
JURY DUTY-R. J. C, Vallejo, Cal.
Women not having full political rights
!n Washington they are not called upon
to perform jury duty.
LADRONES-C. N., City. The La
drones, or Mariana Islands, are a group
of about twenty islands, the northernmost
of the Australasian group. They were
discovered by Magellan in 1521. who
named them Ladrones on account of the
thievish propensities of the natives. They
were afterward called the Lazarus Isl
ands, and then the Mariana Islands by
the missionaries who settled in 1667. The
largest of these islands, which are west
of the Philippines, is Guajan.
NATIONALITY OF SOLDIERS— S. E.
G., City. There are no exact figures of
the nationality of the soldiers who en
listed in the Federal army during the
War of the Rebellion. Such figures as
are given are only estimates. In reply
to a question on this subject the office
of the adjutant-general of the United
States army asserted some time since
that no official compilation of nativity
had ever been made. That being the case
the exact figures cannot be given.
DIVORCE AND PROPERTY— D. E. P.,
City. The law prohibiting the marriage !
of a divorcee in this State within a year ■
after the granting of the divorce was ap- j
proved February 25, 1897. If a person i
was divorced after that date and was
married within a month after that dl
vorce, the marriage is not only void, but
the divorcee is liable to prosecution. If
there is any community property at the j
time of the divorce that is settled by the
court before the decree is signed. After !
the divorce the former husband and wife
are in law, strangers to each other, and ,
neither has any rights in the property of
the other.
WHAT UNES OF (fa WHAT
ARE *v& ARE
ARE YOU ASHAMED OF THEM?
Nearly every man has "a skeleton in the closet." Have you one? The tell-tale signs are often
seen, but sometimes there is little to go by. Take the eases of those men who have to acknowledge to
themselves that they have lost most, if not all, of their vital force. Some look worn and tired; their
cheeks are drawn; they are depressed and full of gloomy thoughts; their knees shake and they have
spots continually before their eyes; they get giddy. All these are certain signs of weakness. But
there are men who look quite healthy and happy who are in reality weaklings and puny mortals.
They have their "skeleton" nevertheless. But both of these classes of half-men crave for full
strength and power. They long to be as perfect men as they once were. Many men ask, "What has
brought me to such a state that life is a burden instead of a pleasure?" There is the "skeleton."
You may have overworked; you may have been guilty of follies in youth; late hours and burning the
candle at both ends may be responsible. One thing is certain, and that is that in some way you have
abused some gift of nature. You were full of grand strength once, but you have wasted it in some way.
Knowing that the damage has been done, the only sensible thing to do now is to strive to repair
it at once. When properly treated nature will again reassert herself. Think of it for a moment.
You can become a great and a grand man again. Life will again be full of pleasure. The rich,
warm blood will go bounding and dancing through your system, as it did in the olden days.
"HUDYAN," the grand specific of the Hudsonian Institute, has accomplished this great work in the
systems of over 20,000 men. It makes manly men. It stops waste in a week. Then it builds up
afresh. Nature feels its grand effect at once. Bright, happy spirits and vitality return. Write and
ask about it. Circulars and testimonials, telling you what it has done and can do, are gladly sent
you free. Ask for them to-day. Ask for free medical advice, too. It is the best there is on earth.
Remember, no cost to you. Let us repeat that
*} CIRCULARS, TESTIMONIALS AND MEDICAL ADVICE-ALL FREE!:*
\A/ /I -HrV"^ I-¥ For the slightest - sign of. Blood Taint. Little Ulcers,
m/mi /"A. .', 1 ■^— *'*'• *; Loosening Teeth, Thinning: of Eyebrows, Copper-Colored
Spots, etc., all show its existence in some form."SO-DAY BLOOD CURE" drives all the
poison clean out the system. ; Circulars about it are as free as air, too. Tertiary,
Secondary or Primary form yield alike.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
. StoolsLton, IMarlcet and Ellis Streets,
]-:-.'.:.. '. - ■ ' SflN FRANCISCO. v 7 ■■•.::;■.-
DONT FAIL
. . To Buy This Week's
Town Talk.
SPECIAL
PATRIOTIC
NUMBER.
For Sale at All Newsdealers. 10c.
Secure* copy and send it to your friends
i» Manila. It will interest them.
ANOTHER CALL F^OR
VOLUNTEERS COMING.
XEW YORK. May 2S.— A Chicago special to the Herald says: An-,
other call for at least 100,000 troops is coming as soon as the .0,000
called for can be organized and equipped. Information to this effect,
apparently authentic, is coming to Chicago and other sources.
Before Governor Tanner left the city he told a friend that he was
almost ready to hold up his right hand and swear that this would be
the case.
"I am informed from Washington," he said, "so directly that It al
most comes from President McKinley himself, that the troops will be
called out until there are 500,000 ready for action. This will be done
to prevent any possible interference by European powers, and to make
the nation ready for even the i'nvaslon of Spain itself. The reason
why more are not called out at this time is that the contractors and
the Government are not in shape to equip them."
MAY TAKE
GERMANY
TO TASK
Reported Shipment of
Arms to Spain.
INVESTIGATION WILL BE MADE
THE POSITION OF NEUTRALITY
HAS BEEN VIOLATED.
Concessions Such as Were Extended
to Italy May Not Be Expected,
as They Were Simply
Acts of Courtesy.
NEW YORK. May 28.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKlnley expressly stipulated in
settling the claim of Italy for indem
nity because of the death of Italians in
New Orleans riots that in paying In-
demnity this Government did not es
tablish Italy's right to claim damages
for injuries offered by her subjects. In
fact, it was stated that it was merely
an act of courtesy. Should the Aus
trian claim of indemnity for damages
because of injuries to Austrian sub
jects In the Hazelton riots of last
summer be settled, as Austria confi
dently believes it will, that Government
will also be notified that the action of
the United States is not basei upon its
000000000000000000
STS T " f A LACE " ?D 2
% GRAND »9IMkM%
q y. ;•>.'.: »Aif -"Firil/¥C/»CO.V\:;./- : Q \
5 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attsahad. V ;
O *JU. Vnntn OJfK- Mi!WOJ«-« ; O \
O' ? > V NOTE THE PRICES: ' - O i
A European Plan.Sl. OO per day and upward r\
v American Plan. oo par day and upward ** . I
O '-•;: Cor»e»P«'n»l^n«-«- t - -Elicited .:-.■-. O
O 'OEK 0. KIRKPATRIOK, Kuign. , ; ,f" -Q !
iO O O 000 OO OQOQ Q Q O O O
belief in the Justice of the c'.ain. bat
because of its wish to display friendly
feelings for Austria.
The report that Germany has per
mitted agents of Spain to purchase ana
ship Krupp guns into Spain will be the
subject of a thorough investigation d>
the Government officials.
Germany has declined to is?ue a proc
lamation of neutrality, and thi author
ities do not know just wttera sha
stands, but appreciate the fact that
she has violated her position of neu
trality if she has permitted any Fni P~
ment of munitions of war to Spanisn
territory. If the investigation about
to be made should develop the correct
ness of this report there is every rea
son to believe that representations will
be made to the Berlin Government.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Court Kensington will keep in good
standing all its members who enlist for
the war in the army and navy of the
United States. A team of married men
of the court a short time since played a
game of baseball with a team of the sin
gle men. and the latter were victorious.
As penalty the losers were assigned all
the committee work for the entertain
ment to be given by the court to-morrow
"^Friday, the 20th inst.. M . Boehm H
C. R.; J- Henderson, H. S. C. X.. ana
George Brown. H. C. J. 8.. paid an offi
cial visit to Court Apollo and a number
of Interring and instructive addresses
were delivered for the B°°^ of the order.
La=t week there were official \isits Dy
the high chief ranger, and other grand
officers to Court Adelaide. Bohemian and
Oak Grove. At each candidates were mi
UAU A e new court, to work in the Italian lan
guage, was instituted in Los Angeles last
week.
THE OHIO SOCIETY.
The Ohio Society of California at its
meeting in Mystic Hall in the Red Men's
building last Friday night received a num
ber of applications and elected the follow
ing named, who were recommended at the
previous meeting: H. A. Wadsworth, John
G. Spence. J. M. Long, H. C. Firebaugh,
E. J. Ensign, George E. Bates. R. A.
Bourne. Charles H. Murphy. Henry M.
Bosworth, Eber G. Mathena, A. W. Jack
son, Theodore F. George. Theodore Reich
ert Eli T. Sheppard. Elmore A. Kidd,
Henry Hilp, John T. Harriss, L. E. Claw
son. John L. Griffing. Dorsan Nichols and
George E. Gaylord. The society is in a
nourishing condition and exceedingly pa
triotic. "When the Ohio troops reach here
the society and as many Ohioans as can
will turn out to receive them.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a p«werful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells en Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necesaary
NABER. AL.FS & BIUSNE. Agents.
i» Market Street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
Weekly GalllLiirYiREJOICE OVER
THE VICTORY
Irishmen Show Their
Love for America.
TRUE PATRIOTISM IS SHOWN
VERY FEW CATHOLICS IN SYM-
PATHY WITH SPAIN.
J. J. Clancy, M.P., The Call's Special
Correspondent in Ireland, Gives
a Review of Recent
Events There.
Special Corr«apond«no* of Th« Call.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
LONDON, May U.— The detailed ac
counta of Admiral Dewey's great vlo
tory at Manila, which appeared in the
Irish papers early in the week, were, It
need hardly be Bald, read with the most
Intense eagerness and the greatest de
light In Dublin and throughout the rest
of Ireland. The Irish people had been
almost feverishly waiting for a con
firmation of the first telegraphic an-
nouncement of the victor}', the more so
as It seemed to be unaccountably de
layed, and when at last it came it was
a relief and a source of joy. The same
may be said of the great majority of
the Irishmen in London and England.
Another circumstance which has
caused much satisfaction among
Irish Catholics, who, of course, consti
tute the great majority of the popula
tion of Ireland, is the declaration of the
Catholic Bishops of America. The or
gan of the independent or Parnellite
party, the Irish Daily Independent, de
voted a day or two ago a si ar
ticle to the subject, and made most ef
fective use of the declaration against
that very small minority who, because
Spain is a Catholic country', sympa
thize with her on that account, for
getting that there are nearly as many
Catholics in America as in Spain and
more than twice as many Irish Catho
lics as there are In Ireland itself. Irish
men are now looking with the most in
tense anxiety to the battle which ap
pears to be impending in the Atlantic,
and the most fervent hopes are enter
tained that not only the American fleet
may triumph, but so decidedly that a
Epeedy end may be put to the war.
We have been all the week engaged
in the House of Commons in a debate
on the clauses of the local government
bill for Ireland, but the debate has, for
the greater part, been concerned so
much with details that American read
ers would scarcely be obliged to me for
dwelling on its various points in suc
cession. One subject, however, of gen
eral Interest came under discussion—
that of the bribe held out to the Un
ionist or Tory majority in Ireland to
accept the measure and make the best
•if it. That bribe, as I have explained
before, is the payment out of the im
perial grant of £730,000 a year to Ire
iif the local rates, to which the
landlords are at present liable. This
payment was opposed by the English
Liberals and by one Irish member — Mr.
Michael Davttt. Both opposed it for the
same reason — namely, that the land
lords deserved and ought to get noth
ing. Mr. Davitt, of coarse, is perfectly
sincere. He is the son of an evicted
tenant; he knows what the unrestricted
power of landlordism accomplished in
the past, and he has vowed everlasting
vengeance against the whole class. It
may be doubted whether the same can
be said of the English Liberals. They,
In fact, are acting in this matter the
part of the dog in the manger. They
have not been able to do anything for
Ireland in the shape of reform them
selves, and they would, if possible, pre
vent their British rivals from doing
anything either. The answer to both
was at once given, and It was conclu
sive.
It was that the relief to the landlords
was an essential condition of the con
cession of local self-government, and
that, that being so, the condition must
be accepted. The truth is, that the
price paid for this boon and its certain
consequences Is a small one after all.
Those consequences are even more im
portant than the measure itself, for it
will certainly lead to home rule in the
larger sense. The mere introduction of
the bill has already alienated from the
present government almost every sup
porter of theirs In Ireland, and here in
the House of Commons I really believe
that the opinion entertained by Irish
Unionist members is that, after this
bill has passed into law, home rule can
hardly have any terrors for the Irish
minority.
Last night there was a debate in the
Commons on the subject of the distress
In the west of Ireland, and at one point
It appeared likely to lead to a "scene."
The Chief Secretary's unhappy "cham
pagne" speech was the cause. In a
former letter I explained all about that
somewhat callous deliverance, and told
how It had aroused feeling in Ireland.
The curio-us thing is that it seemed to
have aroused somewhat similar feel-
Ings in England among the political
supporters of Mr. Balfour, and yester
day one of them — Major Raseh, a high
anil dry Tory — openly assailed the
Chief Secretary. The latter was pale
with rage. He admitted, however, that
he had made a mistake. He defended
what he had said as strictly true and
as meaning nothing mere than that
there were some things which the Gov
ernment could not do for the distressed
people; but he added that he ought to
have known that the power and habit
of" misconstruction were great, and that
he ought, accordingly, to have avoided
the use of equivocal expressions. This,
no doubt, was a plausible excuse; but,
after .ill, the spirit which dictated such
a raying as that the Government could
hardly be expected to supply the peo
ple of the '•■ ■ • ■-■ ■; Of Ireland with cham
pagne can hardly be called sympa
thetic. Moreover, while he showed that
r the accounts of the distress in
particular cases were exaggerated, Mr.
Balfour admitted that the distress in
many parts of Western and Southern
Ireland was very acute. Indeed, he j
went further, for he admitted that !
there were many cases in which the ]
Government ought to and would have
given relief but that outside charity
had Intervened and saved him the ne
cessity. This was virtually a confes
sion of deliberate neglect of duty, for
it showed that, instead of doing his
duty, he waited until he had seen
whether others who were not respon
sible would do his business for him.
The worst of it from his point of view j
to that, according to his own further
admission, he would have had no diffi
culty in obtaining from the treasury
any money for the relief of distress for
which he had chosen to ask.
A very interesting reunion of Irish
men took place in London this week,
of which no account, by the way, has
appeared In the papers. I refer to a
dinner In the Grand Hotel of Trinity
College (Dublin) men In England. Mr.
Leeky, M. P. for the University of
Dublin, presided, and among others
Dr«us«»nt were John Redmond, M. P..
A
THE EMPOBIUM. [
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥\
New Books.
Publishers' Our
Price. Prloe.
"Farthest North," new
edition Nansen $3.00 $2.70
"Ideal Life,". Drummond $1.50 fi-35
"American Citizen"....
Ryley $1.50 $M 5
'•Folks From Dixie"
Dunbar $1.25 $1.10
"Children of the Sea"
Conrad $1.25 fi.io
t Graduating Dresses*
These three fabrics are admirably
adapted for the dainty gra uating
dresses that must now soon be ready.
A very charming dress indeed can oe
made from the 50 cent goods.
Swiss organdies, heavy and fine, an
extra good quality can be _~ - r «
bought tor '• -^ c y aro
White Piques or Fancy Piques in
striped, dotted or figured effects, made
up exceedingly pretiy. We • have them
in four qualities and a great variety of
patterns.
20c, 350, 400 and 50c yard.
32-inch White Organdie Swiss— the
/T\ L"l L very finest quality 40c — and five
£J} hr£~~* o ther grades at
15c, 200, 250, 300 and 350 yard.
These for Housekeepers*
75 extra-large Crochet Bedspreads in new Mar- _~
seilles designs, on special sale, each ••— /yj{
150 pairs of extra-large hemstitched anJ embroiJereJ
sheets with pillowcase* to mici at greatly reduced
prices. . A .
The Sheets now $2.50 to $3,50 pair.
Pillowcases, now 75c to $1.00 pair.
62-inch extra heavy Bleach-d Damask in hand- ,«
some patterns— this week per yard ouc
18-inch Checked Glass Linen, ex'ra quality— per f ~
yard * UC
250 dozen % size, all linen Dinner Napkins, sev- &*.nr
eral different designs— p?r dozen... • .p*./3
"Stuttgarter" Union Suits>
The best woolen underwear
made — so that now the words
\>^ "Stuttgarter" and Standard Sani-
tary Underwear are synonymous.
FHfff^w Ladies' spring-weight "Stuttgar-
wW/1 foAr ter " Sanitar y Combination Suits:
%MMrW 28............ 52.50 1 36......... 5350
f"Stuttgarter" and Standard Sani-
tary Underwear are synonymous.
Ladies' spring-weight "Stuttgar-
ter" Sanitary Combination Suits:
28 ?2.50 I 36 131 3 5O
30 2.75 138 - 3-75
=^^li,, ) 32. 3-9O 140 •' - 4°°
JSS?3?\U 34 ....; •• 3-25 142 - 425
.— h|{ Ladies' Imported French Lisle
'\JJ sj\ Thread Vests, Swiss Ribbed Crocheted,
']/ neck and arm hole inserted with silk
' ),/[ tape— colors. Ecru, White, Pink, Blue
■£-* and Black — pants to match— per ~
garment OUC
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Cotton Combination
Suit?, low neck, no sleeves :
Ecru and White, $J.OO each
Pink, Sky Blue and Black, $J.JS each
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Cotton Combination
Suits, high neck and short sleeves and high neck and
long sleeves :
Fc and White, $1.50 each
Pink, Sky Blue ani Black, $1.65 each
Children's E:yptian jersey ribbed --otton fleece -_
lin»J Vests and Pants and Boys' Drawers— each xOC
.^ Wash Surahs, 50c.
It^p'-iS' 24-inch All-Silk Wash Surahs —
€Wash 75c quality — extra
24-inch Ail-Silk Wash Surahs —
the best 75c quality — extra
heavy— either large or small de-
signs — in a most comprehensive
assortment of color combinations
— colors that will not fade —
among them:
Black and white, Green and white, w' r\
Blue and cream, Heliotrope and white, ujj.
Gray and white, ( Navy and white, >J\J^
Red and white, ' Green, blue and white, __ j
Lavender, green, black and white. Yard.
New Cushion Tops t
Even Cushion Covers have
£V?lHa-=S^aE=#£fe/ taken on patrioic hues— and
]4.'5b ijfSk. c?" very pretty covers they mike.
: r*-' • /& j# Those that cam; from the East
ft vTv|'^\)(/^' ' as * we? k are of art ticking
mEven Cushion Covers are
taken on patrio ie hues— and
very pretty covers they mike.
Those that cam; from the East
last week are of art ticking
and duck, upon which are
st; mped in coior«, ready for
m <*moroiJering, portraits of
M^^L^ll^K Dswey, ihe coat of arms of
&^^%f<ol/§ 1 , our country, the American
> fl.ig, Cuban flags, signal flags
T-^L-*s**^*Sr*r* and other patriotic designs.
Complete Cover (top and bottom), 50c and 60c.
R:d, wnite and blue cord to finish them off —two .
sizes ■.......:.. 6 and I2^cyard
Plaid Linens lor Cushions are in great demand— it
takes little work to make thtm up— they are effec-
tive, servicci-bls and cleanly in appearance. We
carry a great variety of thes: plaiJs in the leading
co'ors— widths from 18 to 24 inches— prices per v?rd
15c, 20c, 25c and 35c
Art Embroidery Department-
Main Floor— rear Rotunda.
$1.25 Gas Lamps
JL = J^X^//y r Only 3CO of those Incandescent
-^i^y^Tyh^^ Lamps left from our last week's sale —
&C*2*ttk*£v£YS^: they are complete, as shown in picture
*Es^ M|*^^^ — worth $1.25 eich. To jrive more
--■$$11 %ci? -f •-'^^ customers a chance to participate in
sZty-'Wzm'* tn s test of a " am bargains we .limit
W^WViva the number to 3to a customer un- __
/ ///^\\Vv lil tne lot ls S — complete for... 03C
, T?f \\ \ Our m mtles fit any Incandescent
S|Mi * Gas Lamp— worth 40c — our £ -
>3^«sUsßsc:price..... -^JC
the leader of the Irish Independent
Nationalist party; Lord Wolseley. the
Irish commander in chief of the British
army (see Beck); Lord Rathmore, who,
as David Plunkett, was M. P. for Dub
lin University for many years, and is
one of the most charming orators In
these countries; Mr. Carson. M. P., the
Irish lawyer who abandoned the Irish
bar (at which he was In leading prac
tice) a few years ago to become one of
the leaders of the English bar; and a
considerable number of Irish Protes
tant clergymen, who, though attached
to the Protestant church in England,
are Irishmen to the core, albeit differ
ing at least most of them, from the
majority of their countrymen in poll
tics. It was, in other words, a gather
ing of distinguished men belonging to
various religions and various parties,
but united by a common bond of Irish
feeling. The speeches were all very
eloquent, but, perhaps, the- most nota
ble was that of Mr. Redmond. He re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1398.
THE EMPORIUM. |
The Big Store Will Be Closed All Day Monday, May 30,
Decoration Day, Open BA* M* Tuesday.
Watch the morning papers for the announcements of the 9 to 12 morning sales-
San Francisco's greatest money-saving events.
Send for our handsome grocery price list to be issued this week— it tells the prices
that you should pay for pure foods — if you are paying more, why ? Mailed free, city or country.
irltf^i^ AMD /* \ Shopping place... s C
%z\j% iii/LVEn Hrl/i t% — V§4
|^3W vtSyCB 7/1/1 R. • F
ESI^LrM«R"HET STREETC ARS" l^^^.^ ~/fi*
Morning Sale
Tuesday 9to 12 O'Clock,
The store gons, will , ring at the above hours. th(one
M. of these Capes at the sale prices before or after the ringing
*nsJw of the gong. So be sure and be her, between 9 and 12.
<#||§1 Silk and Chiffon Capes
> fcS''Ai( I — \a it \ty\cp
j^W^y 1 Ictli 1 1 ICC*
rW'^^lV'r^fe^ For the fourth of our popular morning sales we
:^^^ffiih-rt\^^^ offer: This season's most dressy Chiffon and Silk
Wi/MilM IW) ' Capes— not an old one in the lot— fresh, perfect gar-
KWWmIIB ' \ IP? ' ments— probably a hundred styles to select from— all
viOp#^ Ik jr beautifully trimmed with lace, chiffon or beaded
\\\ ) effects — at exactly half price.
HL^^llv $5.00 Silk Capes... 2 50 $ i 0.00 Silk Capes. . .$5.00
b^/^ $6.00 Silk Capes. . .$3.00 $J2.50 Silk Capes. . .$6.25
' $7.50 Silk Cap:s . . . $3.75 $15.00 Silk Capes . $7.50
$20.00 Silk Ca P 25...5J0.00
Furniture and Carpets for Cash*
■ : The prices quoted below, which even the most inexperienced furniture-buyer will recognize
as out of the ordinary, are few of the hundreds of equally as low prices on good furnituie and
carpets in Our Model Cash Furniture-Store. Of course, when you pay cash down on furniture and
carpets you expect to save something. We say 20 pet cent less than credit houses. Compare our
prices with credit prices and see if it is not so.
This Handsome Hardwood Extension Table seats ten persons
'f—B^— : wirw'.-. -=^=f with comfort, brilliantly polished top, turned le2:s, with
/^*f'[ a^^tr^--^==ys^^ ornamental carvings, cheap for $10.00, but if you &-[- r\r\
2 "^3 ~~ ome this week you can have one for 4>O»UU - i£^\
. ! /> (1 = This rett Combination Book-Case and Desk, mahogany TTfvCi'XdS r
-T eL«. ■ finish, five adjustable snelves, convenient drawers anJ . f/f^^ <S^J\
":'■'', % *y^\. t pigeon-hoies in the desk part, brass trimmings, well an.! $> -f.\. j^l \
f^^^Ti^^f^^^S/V * substantially made and worth $18.00, this <t< <r\ p-r\ I y*\ \ VA \
Cf }L^ i^V week..:.'......;.............."......................:.......... >p >\J*D\J '/A I : xy^J J
h ~'<t' 151 5 Sideboards, made of solid oak, extra large siz*, plate mir- /0 r J / , . A
rors, hand polished, very massive and handsome, <^q nr i  \ /[=JJ//
this week.... .*. q>7.75 . -^| |gl
523 Sideboards, solid- oak, extra large size, very large pattern, French plate <}• 4 a *j£- ■ ■ |£ j[| - ■ \
mirrors, one of the most charming designs in the siore, this week 4) > **♦ I 3 j ""^ a .
HunJreds of rolls of Carpets, in new designs, have been arranged and priced to >//■ jl jpaEj
make this week's carpet sales the largest in our history — •••- 65c =-=j|L
85c Tapestry Carpets for 6»c I . JJ || *==*
60c Tapestry Carpets tor ......45c -m-.!^- Ji
$1.35 Body Brussels tor : 97 c l/^V^T^
<i.io Velvets f0r..... - ~ 90c
Ssc Ingrains for 35c
65c Linoleums for ........: 40c
Here f s a Rug Special*
Large hand-made Rug, suitable for dining and sitting room— the actual size 6x9 — good, durable *■ -3 *\p-
floor covering, that will p:iy for itself ten times over in carpet-saving. This week.... ~ >pO»Z,D
Convincing Grocery Prices*
We claim to sell the best Groceries for the
least prices. These prices on well-known brands
should convince you that we do — a trial order
surely will. The daily list of specials can always
be seen in the Grocery show window.
Here are eleven specials for Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday only —
Fancy Eastern Hams for three days only— per Ib He
Surprise "Sun-dried Tea," "a natural cured leaf"—
regularly 44c It — for the three days 35c
Postum Cereal— 1 Ib package— regularly 25c — for the
three d iys 20c
Mix=d Nuts— best quality— regularly 12^; Ib— (or the
three days 10c
Evaporated Blackberries— "until the iot is 501d"— 1b.... 5c
10 Ib sacks Golden Rule Salt— "for three days 0n1y". ..5c
bal Soda — 30 lbs for 25c
Good Table Claret— regularly 38c gal.— for the 3 days.23c
Good Port Wine — reguarly 68c gal. — for the 3 davs...s3c
GOOJ Sherry Wine — regularly 79c gal. — for the 3days..63c
Fin: Kentucky Bourbon Whisky — per gtllon 52.10
Regular Prices.
New goods under our own label guaranteed to please
you or your money refunded.
Evaporated Lemon Extract— very fine—
2 oz size 20c 8 1 z size. 6dc
4 oz size 35c 16 oz size $1.15
Emporium Vanilla Extract— none better—
2 oz size 25c 8 oz size 75c
4 nz size 40c 16 oz size $1.35 |
Emporium Baking Powder— if it does not do as good
work as any you have tver used send it back and get
the money paid tor it —
40Z tins ioc 3 Ib tins $i.co
v Ib tins 20c 5 Ib tins $1.50
1 Ib tins 37c
sponded to the toast of "The Quests of
the Evening," and, without trenching
either on politics or religion, made
some significant allusions which evoked
a response, rather notable for such an
assembly. It being well known that he
was both a Catholic and a Nationalist,
he took occasion to say that Irish
Catholics could have no hostility to the
great Irish Protestant University, see
ing that it had opened its doors to
Catholics nearl- three-quarters of a
century before any English university
had taken that ::tep, and that it had
produced such Nationalists as Grattan,
Robert Emmet and Wolfe Tone. It
might be thought that the mention of
such names would have looked a mani
festation of hostile feeling or at least
would have been received in chilling
silence by a gathering, most of whom
belonged to the Irish University; but
the fact is that it was met with a burst
of hearty cheering, which largely came
from the clerical element to which I
THE EMPORIUM. |
have referred. It would be easy, in
deed, to exaggerate the significance of
such an incident, but it is not going too
far to say that, like many other things,
it indicates the gradual birth of a new
state of things in Ireland. Classes and
parties are drawing together there
slowly but surely, which have long
been separated; and, in my opinion, it
is impossible to exaggerate the extent
to which that change may go within
the next few years or the consequences
by which it may be attended.
The career of Mr. Carson, to whom I
have just referred, is worth a word or
two. A few years ago he was but
what is called a rising Junior at the
Irish bar, and seemed likely to follow
the usual path trodden by the average
Irish barrister who is to any extent
successful. He was taken up by Mr.
Arthur Balfour when the latter became
Chief Secretary, and figured largely as
prosecutor for the Government in the
Coercion Courts. He became a Queen's
THE EMPOBIUM.
The Vacation Time*
Bought your. tent and hammocks yet? We carry the
largest retail stocK of these goods in the city— sure to have
the kind you want and at the right price.'
fc§2 :: ' Tents are make of all
"-\ r___£JJjV r ,- weights of duck, from the 8
*^cYK NJr^/ oz. single to 12 oz. army.
i\ vj! A tent 5x7 feet,, shape like
\v il \ r ' picture, complete with poles
/^~^J/ Jl \ \ and pins, costs fr0m.. .........
W*mk \ \ ; -.-..... $4.25 up
v-^4-ttP^Z_ \ \ > An Bxlo foot tent, with a
' VcS\ T^r-^\ -*^ac^c^' 3* cot wall, complete with
*~*t-. ""* «*iV A ''U«r— -s—— poles and pins, costs from...
— — _X*_.l/ x v . ' - ' 90.00 up
We have about every style of Hammock
manufactured.
The Fancy-Colored Cotton Hammocks, with spreader
at one end, cost irom .........75c up
Same Style Hammocks, with pillow and snreader,
cost from • $!.4O up
, Sisal Grass Mexican Woven Hammocks, with rope edge,
many different styles, from 75c up
Camp Stools from ..............................20c to 50c
Canvass Reclining Chairs , $1.00 and $1.25
C0t5..........-...— $».00 and $2.00 each
Anything and everything needed to make camp
life a pleasure on sale in the big store.
Outfng Goods Department —
Second Floor Front.
Flags*
\"- The emblem of our country is now in great demand.
We have at present a complete stock of American flags —
from 'X 3 inches up to 2ofeet ' in size— maJe on muslin,
silk, cotton bunting or wool bunting, all guarahteeJ fast
colors. Prices at the factories are constantly advancing
and bid fair in a short time to be double wnat are now
quoted. ' ,
Send for special flag price lists.
counsel in due time, and shortly after
ward Solicitor-General for Ireland, and
member of Parliament for the Uni
versity of Dublin. The natural con
clusion of every one was that he would
after a short interval mount to the
bench. His membership of the House
of Commons and his temporary resi
dence in England, however, changed
completely the spirit of his dream.
When his party returned to power in
1895 he refused, to the astonishment of
all his brother members of the Irish
bar, to resume his position of land of
ficer, which he had been obliged to re
linquish on the defeat of his party in
1892. and determined instead to prac
tice at the English bar in London. His
courage has been rewarded with ex
ceptional success. In three or four
years he has advanced so rapidly that
his Income is now about £12,000 or £13.
000 a year, or übout ten times as much
as he was making in Dublin. Yester
day, I hear, he refused a £ j of 1000
I THE EMPORIUM. |
Men's Furnishings*
New line Neckwear— ihe latest creations of the New
York manufacturers— basket and swivel weaves in
this season's colorings — plaids and checks— the sbapes
are tecks, purrs, four-in-hands, band bows and m
clubs i>UC
A large assortment of Gloves for workingmen, griprnen
and conductors, in buckskin, calfskin and goatskin —
prices from 50c to- $1.50. We carry the celebrated
Dan Hayes buck glove. Ask to see our driving ~y
glove at... • ~.» • 3UC
Boys' A II- worsted Sweaters, with
sailor collars— colors navy and car-
dinal — the collars have two rows of (f^\
white striping — best in the *. -..- Y*Jy
city at the price- $*.UU \»2
If you are buying Shirts to stand hard sd&^tejmttfA
usage you should look at our assort- /V/W"tllinlSS^
mentat half a dollar. We make a (\J fjj l liflSfrM*
specialty of workinnmen's shirts at j J r'r, LlUj
this price. The material is a heavy \\m\ ij'n, pi' l
twill and the colors are woven— not 111 r |T|| ' Vy
printed. You cannot get equal qual- XShi \\j .■ U\W
ity elsewhere for less than 75c. - :n A»\ 'I. Hlf
' Our price is SUC »Pf
Pajamas are in great demand now 11. \
for the Philippines. We are head-
quartets for these goods and carry complete lines in
Flannelettes, Madras and French Flannels. Delight-
fully comfortable and reasonable in price— I*4o to
$4.00.
. .. , f -j
The New Gloves*
t 'Chamois Gloves are now in
great demand. The season
started much earlier this year,
but our line of satisfactory
Chamois Gloves is still complete
in styles and sizes. Here are
three new lines of Kid Gloves at
popular prices:
Our Ladies' DOLLAR GLOVES— two-
clasp lightweight kid glove— in the new
shades of ox-blood, greens, navy, pur-
ples, tans, — also white and black
—best value in the city— "war- <tt nn
ranted and fitted" --... 4>>-.UU
Our Ladles' DOLLAR AND A QUARTER GLOVE— a two-clasp
real kid glove — in the new shades of browns, tans,
modes, English reds, greens, navy— also white * t c
and black— "warranted and fitted" 4>>.ZD
Our Ladies' DOLLAR AND A HALF GLOVE— a two-clasp Eng-
lish walking glove— real kid— new embroidered backs
—colors English reds, tans, modes, new greens,
navy, browns, white and ''warranted c . f cr
and fitted" v $1.50
India Silk Parasols*
Particular attention is called to the window
display this week. Many dainty Parasols suit-
able for city and country get their first showing.
Ladies' India Silk Parasols, in white-
one ruffle— paragon frames — <tf _._
t pretty wood handles. Each — 4>>.50
Ladies' India Silk Parasols, in white—
one ruffle — canopy top— paragon frames
—dainty handles. Each *. __
J../5
Ladies' India Silk Parasols, in white-
two ruffles — canopy top — paragon
frames — choice assortment of *. _ n
handles to select from. Each.4>^«sU
- . . r
Curtains and Portieres*
* Six items which should command the
attention of economical housekeepers.
Chenille Portieres— size 44 inches .by 3 yards— with
double knotted fringe top and bottom — colors from
.which to select— worth 54.25 per pair— special *- "_
at. .:... • • •• ..— \3+Zo
Tapestry Portieres — fringed top and bottom— 48
inches by 3 yards— olive, terra cotta, red, rose c - __
and blue— were $3.25 pair— special at....... 4>/.Z5
Tapestry Portieres— handsome, turnover tops — fringe on
top and. bottom — size 50 inches by 3 yards — 5 colors-
were $$ pair — reduced for special sale t0... *o'4r
4)0.75
200 pairs of $1.00 Lace Curtains— size 46 inches __
* by 3 yards — either ecru or white— while theyjast 75c
250 pairs New Fine Net Curtains — 52 inches by * f jp
. yards— worth 2. 2s— while theyjast h>J.65
100 pairs perfect copies of the French Novelty *_ A _
Curtains that sell for $25 a pair— this week.... $5.00
Curtain Department— " j
! Second Floor— near Elevators. < - \
Some Good Hosiery* j
■ ,4 Ladies' extra fine quality Imported
Si\. \ Black and Tan Cotton Hose— high-
2^r/^\i'>r\ spliced heels and double soies, guaran-
lilffVfyA iced, fast and stainless, Richelieu, nar-
/^^SWZJ^K row anc wide ribbed— also plain— _^.
mlvM r\f : 7 psr Ladies' *Lac» Lisle Thread "Hole,
nJn^i/ \VM ! |^ Ladies' Lace Lisle Thread Ho*e,
■"•^JT/ ••'. \\l vI^V k' ac^ or tans, extra heavy heels apd
fr^sJ'\*\^^ soles, the latest novelty for spring _L
- wear — pair.-.....:.. ..'.... 50C
fi/^ : Ladies' French Cotton and LiMe
■ . , .. - - r . Thread Hose, in fancy;; plaids, Roman
stripes, black boots with fancy tops, other fancy _L
, - novelties— the most complete asso r tments in the ciiv at SUC
Extra fine gauge Children's Imported Cotton Hose,
.'ribbed, double knee and high-spliced heel and douple
■ sole, colors Black or Tans, guaranteed stainler-s, or
medium and heavy weight— per pair.....^... ......... 2pC
guineas to cross over to that city as
counsel in a set of actions expected to
last only a week. Though an able man,
he is not, however, a particularly bril
liant one. He has left behind him in
Dublin, in fact, able men who lack the
courage to follow in his footsteps. The
moral of the story is that the English
bar must consist of a somewhat dull
lot of persons and that an average
Irishman among them must appear to
the average Englishman somewhat of
a man of genius.
SOLDIERS' AID SOCIETY
FORMED AT REDDING
REDDING, May 28.— The women of I
this city have organized a Soldiers' Aid
Society and have a number of propo
sitions under consideration by which to
raise funds to devote to Red Croßs
work. The officers of the society are:
THE EMPOBIUM.
New
Coon Songs.
"I Guess That Will Hold You
For Awhile"...... 35c
"How 1 Love My Baby Lou" 35c
"He Cerfney Was Good to Me" 35c
"Christening of a Little Black
Coon" 35C
"Mammy's Little Pumpkin Col- ■
ored C00n5"......:......". 35C
President, Mrs. Mary L. J. Smith; vice
president, Mrs. W. W. Williams;, treas-'
urer, Mrs. T. B. Smith; secretary, Mrs.
Mary J. T. Rohm. , An advisory board
was chosen, consisting of . Miss : larga
retl. Poore, chairman; Mrs. O. jGrutt
ner, -Mrs., Joseph Bailey, ■ Mrs. Julia
Brigman and Mrs. S. Coughlin. j ;
Contribution boxes ■ have been placed
all over the -city and will be extended
'throughout I the. county. A fund-rais
ins 'entertainment; will be given in the
; near future. • A committee consisting
of Miss Margaret I. Poore, Mrs. George
M. I Fisher and Mrs. E. W. Jose, has thq
affair> in .charge. Contributions 'ara
coming in liberally and the lowest es
timate placed on the amount 1 these en
thusiastic womer will succeed in rais
ing is • $1000 in cash, besides "no * end of
blankets, : underclothing, shoes and
other necessaries.'- _ '
' Advances made on furniture and plano», with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
56
SUNDAY .MAY 29, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
IPUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
the CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND sunday) is
•erved by carriers In tbls city and surroundlrjg towns
for 15 cents a weo*. By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cent*. ,
THE WEEKLY CALL O"« y«ar. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFPICE »°8 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.'
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£fta Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CIICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGINESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Morjtgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:20 o'clock- 287 Hayes street. «Den until
9:30 o'.clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
O'clock- 615 Uarl<;ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open urjtil 10 o'clock- 2291 Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o"clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock..
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— Tpaye
Columbia—" The Faoo in the Moonlig-ht "
.California— Hojvkins Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co
"Yorlck'B Love
Morosco'B— "Mrs. Vartlngton and Her Son Ike-"
Tlvoll— "The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes-Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art. "
• Oljmpia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths Swimmin g,
Eecre&tlon Park— Baseball to-day.
Coursing I—liifrleside1 — Iiifrleside Coursing: Park.
Cour6lnp— At Union Coursing- Park.
El Cani)>o— .\iuhic. dancing:, boatlnsr. fishlne. every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By H. L. Reed— Monday, May 80. Jewelry, at 1088 Market St.,
at 2 o clock.
By Killip Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stocn
Farm, at 10 o'clock.
ThjE SfWOR OF TREASON.
YEARS ago the Examiner was thrown into the
street because of treasonable utterances. The
taint of the old malign spirit seems to linger
with it. still. It is a menace to peace and order.
Just at present that sheet, with the shameless per
fidy which marks its course habitually, is trying to stir
up revolt among the troops stationed at this point. It
says they are ill-fed and that they are on the verge
of mutiny. It says this in the hope of stirring up a
sensation, and caring nothing for truth or for the dig
nity of the army or the honor of the country. Its
statement is a slanderous lie, and every soldier resents
it as an insult.
The troops have been well cared for in the matter
of food. Soldiers do not expect to have the privilege
of training on pie, and yet considerable pie has been
added to their bill of fare here. Government rations
are not luxurious, and to some may not at first seem
palatable. In every company there are grumblers.
So has it ever been. The Examiner has chosen for
its own evil purposes to take the word of these
grumblers, to magnify their statements and spread
broadcast the report that the soldiers are ready to
de-sert the standard.
Perhaps there is no way in which the Examiner can
be suppressed, but for the protection of the army, for
the good of discipline and for the interests of decency
it should be barred from every camp and forbidden to
circulate where the shadow of the stars and stripes
falls upon valiant men and patriots. To all such men
it is an affront..
PROMOTION IN THE NAVY.
AMONG the features of the naval personnel bill
now before Congress which will most effect
ively tend to improve the service is the clause
providing for the establishment of a new grade of
commissioned officers, to be known as chief boat
swains, chief gunners, chief carpenters and chief sail
makers, to rank with— but after — ensigns, and to
which warrant officers shall be eligible.
The object of the clause is to provide a way by
which enlisted men may attain commissions in the
navy. As at present constituted our naval service is
one of the most aristocratic and exclusive on the
globe. It might, in fact, be called unAmerican, so
thoroughly does it deprive the seaman of the Ameri
can right or privilege of rising from the humblest
to the highest rank of employment. In the British
navy, even in the old oligarch days when the Georges
ruled, there was an open way by which the poorest
cabin-boy could make his way to the rank of an ad
miral, and during the long wars of those times a con
siderable number of bold boys did make their way to
rank through this "hawse hole," as it is called. No
such advantage has been enjoyed by the American
sailor lad who entered the navy lacking the advantage
of an appointment to Annapolis, and it is to remedy
this defect that the new set of omce3 are devised.
The opening provided is by no means a wide one.
The bill expressly states that the new- commissioned
offices are to be open only to warrant officers, and
erfc-tiiey are not to be eligible until ten years after
the date of their warrants. It is not easy for a lands
man to understand why this long wait should be re
quired. It would be hard to deprive an Annapolis
cadet of the right of promotion until ten years after
the date of his graduation, nor would it be considered
fair to require him to remain an ensign ten years be
fore he could receive a higher rank. To outsiders it
will seem equally hard and unfair to deprive a war
rant officer of the right of promotion to .. commis
sioned rank until he has served ten years from the
date of his warrant.
It was a frequent saying of Napoleon ih.-t his mis
sion in the world had been to open a way for
talent and give the tools to those who could use them.
It is strange that the navy of the United States should
be one of the last in the world to accept the teaching
of that great apostle of democracy and war. The way
that is to be opened for the talent of enlisted men in
the navy should not be hedged in by ten years' re
strictions. When an enlisted man has shown his
ability to use the powers of commissioned rank he
should not be made to wait a fixed number of years
before the powers are given him.
Promotion should not only go to merit, buj it
should go as soon as the merit is known and the
need calls for the man. The new bill makes a de
sirable change and is to that extent acceptable, but
the change is far from being adequate to the require
ments of the service or the virtues and patriotism of
the American sailor boy.
Apparently ex-District Attorney Page does not
think three straight convictions enough to go to the
penitentiary on.
TME ELUSIVE METERS.
SOME time ago ex-Supervisor Burling, a gas
manufacturer of experience, explained that a
good way to make a gas meter register more
than it ought was to pump air into the pipes. Mr.
Burling did not charge anybody hereabouts with
doing this, but he declared that the process was
practicable and had been tried with success by un
scrupulous gas manufacturers in other portions of
the country. According to this, all a gas company
need do when shy of dividends is to rig an air pump
at the main factory. With that instrument it can in
crease its receipts ad libitum.
This cheerful information for gas consumers is
now supplemented with an equally enlivening point
for the patrons of the electric companies. At a meet
ing of the Finance Committee of the Supervisors on
Friday an electrician said that there were over a
dozen methods for making electric meters register
faster than they should. One of the cheapest and
easiest, he explained, was "to weaken the magnet of
the meter by supercharging the wire from the power
house with an extra voltage of electricity." Another
electrician gave the committee a practical test of
how a meter may be made to run fast by bringing
its mechanism within the influence of a powerful
electro-magnet. By this means he increased the
speed of the meter 21 per cent.
All this must carry joy to the souls of consumers of
gas and electricity in San Francisce. In one case air,
which is the cheapest thing on earth, may be utilized
to raise gas meters all over town, and in the other a
simple change in the speed of a dynamo at the power
house may produce a similar effect upon electric
meters. Of course nobody is charged with employing
these devices hereabouts — although if is a fact that
the discussion before the Finance Committee was
brought about by the discovery that the electric
meters at the City Hall are "fast" — but why should
consumers of gas and electricity in this town be. con
signed to the tender mercies of the corporations en
gaged in the manufacture of those commodities?
Perhaps the gas and electric manufacturers, like the
Roman Senators, are all honorable men, but the un
certainty which accompanies this assumption must be
a constant source of worry.
The Supervisors should employ somebody to look
after these elusive meters. The city now has a gas
inspector, but he is an ornament and of no use. Why
not set an electrician and gas expert upon the track
of the meters? If the people are paying for "extra
voltage" in electricity and wind in gas they certainly
should know it. They will not only be more com
fortable when the truth is imparted to them, but a
tremendous load may be lifted off the consciences of
the men who are running the various gas and electric
companies of this city.
THE COMPETING ROAD.
I~*HE celebration of the arrival of the Valley Road
at Bakersfield signalized the accomplishment of
an industrial victory for California of great
magnitude and far-reaching importance. It was an
event which justly engaged the attention of the whole
State. Among the speakers whose voices were elo
quent in its commemoration were orators not only
from San Francisco and the San Joaquin, but from
as far south as Los Angeles.
The circumstances under which the road was un
dertaken and the means by which the enterprise wa9
successfully launched and pushed to completion can
never be too often recalled. The subject contains a
lesson of supreme importance to the people of Califor-
nia, and the moral is full of encouragement to all who
seek the commercial and industrial advancement of
the State and the complete emancipation of its peo
ple from the excessive burdens of transportation mon
opolies.
When Mr. Claus Spreckels and his colleagues be
gan to give action and movement to the construction
of a competing road the whole United States was
suffering from the effects of a financial panic of ex
treme intensity. The normal energies and industrial
activities of the people were locked in the paralysis
of hard times. Few capitalists were willing to engage
in any form of business involving a large outlay of
money, and in the great financial centers of the nation
almost anything in the form of new railroad building
was regarded either as something not worth consider
ation or else as something which could be considered
only a gambling speculation or a wildcat scheme.
Such was the condition of the financial world at the
time that, although the promoters of the road were
men of the highest credit, they could obtain no money
from abroad. They knew at the outset that whatever
they did would have to be done with home capital.
This fact, it will be remembered, led Mr. Huntington,
a great negotiator of railroad loans, to scoff at the
enterprise and say of it, "It is a toy road; they are
raising money for it by popular subscription."
The openly expressed contempt of the great mag
nate of the Southern Pacific for the new enterprise
may have had its effect in New York and London,
but it had none in San Francisco. The money re
quired to begin the work of construction was ob
tained without difficulty as soon as the large subscrip
tion of Mr. Spreckels was made known. The enter
prise moved at once, and from that time has gone
steadily forward until now the whole reach of the val
ley from Stockton to Bakersfield has been relieved
from the domination of the Southern Pacific monop
oly and secured in the advantages of a competitive
transportation system.
It is safe to say Mr. Huntingtor no longer regards
the Valley Road as a toy, nor will he ever again
speak contemptuously of San Francisco financiering.
He has learned the lesson of what can be accom
plished in the way of great enterprises when led by
the right leaders and supported with the full force of
local energy and capital. The people also have learned
that lesson.
The Valley Road stands as an enduring witness to
the efficacy of self help. Moreover, it is a living wit
ness whose growth is not yet complete. The road
is even now moving westward to San Francisco, and
already the people of Los Angeles are making plans
to obtain its extension to that city. What has been
accomplished is but a part of what is to be accom
plished. Undertakings of this kind go further than
was at first intended, and it may yet be seen that what
was designed as a road down the San Joaquin may
prove to be a portion of a through route across the
continent.
A woman charged with vagrancy was dismissed be
cause she proved to the Judge that her son fought
with Dewey at Manila. Perhaps this was not strictly
in accord with law, but there will be no carping critic
to raise a row about it.
The burglars who visited the premises of Senator
Billy Mason have no respect for military dignity. Or
perhaps they did not realize that Mason was a war.
Once more comes the announcement that European
powers will not interfere. It is always sure of the
greeting given an old friend.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
GIVE THE BOYS UNIFORMS.
THE fact remains that after all that has been said
there are soldiers in camp in this city not pro
vided with uniforms. Perhaps they can parade
without them, but in all probability they would feel
more like doing so if they had decent raiment. Cer
tainly a call to active duty would embarrass them.
I'atience has been exhausted in waiting for Uncle Sam
to act.
For the State of California to supply the needed
uniforms would be an excellent idea. In due time the
expenditure would be made good by the General
Government, and even if it should not the loss would
be a small one and easily to be borne. California
people are anxious to do all they can to add to the
comfort of the volunteers, and by no single act could
sthey do so much as by clothing the brave boys the
Governor of Kansas permitted to start out unpre
pared. There is naturally a lack of precedents cover
ing the matter. The suggestion that this action be
taken must be unaccompanied by any suggestion as to
the precise method, but there is an abiding faith that
if Governor Budd were to attempt to provide uniforms
for the regulars quartered in this State a way would be
opened, and in due time a way would appear by which
the money would be returned.
California feels an interest and takes a pride in the
soldiers who are here. There is general regret that
they have been neglected. Cannot this great State do
something for them?
THE SPANISH SILVERISTS.
IN the debate in the Cortes on Thursday the Mar
quis de Vilaverde announced that the "silverists"
in the chamber would oppose the impost on the
public debt, which we suppose to be a tax on the
national bonds. The Marquis further declared that
this opposition would go to the extent of obstruction
of the measures of war finance.
If the impost under discussion be a proposition to
tax the national bonds, from an American standpoint
it is unwise, and the silverists have the verities of
financial science on their side. But what are the sil
verists? Do they constitute the analogue of our free
silver party? It is hardly conceivable that they do
and at the same time have the sense to oppose a
proposition which would further cripple Spanish
credit by taxing its paper evidences.
It is a bit odd, though, that in the Cortes and our
Congress the silver party should appear as obstruct
ors of the war revenue measures of each nation.
Spain is sitting like a scared mouse and we roach
our back like a cat ready to spring upon the prey
while the Hispano- American silver party has it out in
a joint jawbone chorus.
The two Governments have already exchanged
prisoners. Why not exchange Stewart for Vilaverde?
We don't like Spain and wish to hurt her, while we
are too big to be hurt by the trade.
The incidents passing in the Cortes and in Con
gress set in motion an interesting train of reflections.
War is a purely scientific affair. Chemistry and math
ematics determine which side wins in modern war
fare. No nation that can help itself goes into war
now with muzzle loading flint locks and the old style
artillery. The strongest country could not win a
campaign now with the batteries and muskets that
Napoleon used. They would be no more effective
than the catapults of Caesar or the spears and short
swords with which Alexander carved and cut his way
from the Morea to the Ganges. It is passing strange
that while men recognize the necessity which com
pels a resort to science in the mechanics of war,
those are found who reject utterly all the conclusions
of science in the finances of war.
The fiatists in Congress tell the country straight
faced that it can fight with one hand and lift itself off
the ground by the seat of its financial trousers with
the other.
They insist that it is more economical to buy the
necessaries of war and pay armies and navies with a
promise to pay than with cash.
Science and experience teach the economy of
cash in hand. No rate of interest needed to secure it
can ever be as great as the discount on a promise to
pay that has no redemption in sight.
THE MANTLE OF CHARITY.
THERE is no hesitation in giving money to the
noble cause represented by the Red Cross. To
alleviate the inevitable suffering of the boys at
the front is a project appealing to everybody. But
there are others to whom charity will be glad to ex
tend a hand, and these are the women and children
j left without providers. It is true that the great bulk
of the volunteers are unmarried, but some of them
leave families. Many among them have mothers or
I aged fathers who in some measure depended upon
them. The wage of a soldier is nothing. The pittance
he receives will be of little avail in caring for any's
wants but his own imperative ones. He will at best
be thousands of miles away. Those who have leaned
upon him fcr- support will miss the sturdy arms.
There is a movement started for the aiding of these
dependents, and it will appeal to all with almost the
force that the needs of the volunteers themselves have
done. When the boys have all sailed away, accom
panied by stores of comforts, with nurses, medicines
and delicacies, with funds for the purchase of more
when need shall arise, there will be among us many
who will require help. It will freely be given.
Whether as a branch of Red Cross work or as an
independent scheme, the people will be ready to assist
all whose demand for aid is based on the fact that
their boys are absent to fight the battles of their
country, and perhaps never to return.
While the country is calling for soldiers it would be
a reflection upon the national patriotism if the second
call should in part have to be devoted to completing
the number asked by the first call. There are confi
dent estimates that the United States could put ten
millions of men in the field, and these estimates do not
go well with the cold fact that some of the States
have failed to fill the modest quota required of them.
The present fashion in telegrams requires an intro
duction explaining that the message is on "good au
thority" and a finale explaining that it "totally lacks
confirmation." To get an idea that he is learning all
about the war one must begin in the middle of the dis
patch and stop without having reached the end.
There is a tendency to discredit the report that
Schley sent a challenge into Santiago de Cuba to Cer
vera. The absence of Cervera from that point would
have made the act one of peculiar difficulty.
According to Rivera, Americans are deceived when
they think their flag is ever to fly over the Philippines.
Rivera has the usual Spanish prejudice against accept
ing the truth.
There seems to be no reason for placing any confi
dence in the insurgent leader Aguinaldo. He has
proved himself a purchasable" rascal, and is, in all
probability, still for sale.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
There seems to be no doubt that
General Merritt is to marry a Chicago
girl, and that she is in all respects a
charming person nobody has inclina
tion to deny. Announcement of the
coming event has been made in t-o
many papers that even the fact of its
publication in the Examiner cannot
cast over it that uncertainty which
naturally clusters about any statement
made there. The relation of the man
ifold attractions of the prospective
bride, however, leaves the reader in a
state of indecision. She is described
by the correspondent who projects ra
diance into the Examiner, thus: "Miss
Williams is a tall and pretty blonde."
But as the article proceeds confusion
arises. The writer in his enthusias
tic admiration for the lady finds < c
casion for describing her again, and
does it in the following terms: "Miss
Williams is a brunette, graceful and
petite, but of striking appearance, with
jet black hair and eyes." Happy old
warrior! For a Chicago girl to be a
blonde in one paragrnph and a bru
nette in the next would in itself stamp
her as possessing remarkable qualities,
but to be both tall and petite manes
her as a wonder.
While not of a suspicious nature, a
fear arises within me that the removal
of the soldiers from the Presidio to the
Bay District is the outward and visi
ble token of that reprehensible thing
known as a job. There are hundreds
of acres at the Presidio, and if they
are not available for camping purposes
their use is not clear. Rather than
be held for the ocean zephyrs to dis
port in they should be turned into a
pleasure ground or their verdant slopes
, dedicated to the sustenance of the
cow. But the Presidio is at one dis
advantage. It is reached by two car
lines, which have not made any ar
rangement for dividing nickels with the
Southern Pacific. These lines w-ere
garnering nickels fast. The fact was
enough to create pangs in the yellow
building from which the destiny of the
local nickel is ruled. Then the troops
were ordered to the Bay District, to
which access is had only by Southern
Pacific lines. Of course, this may re
a coincidence.
• • •
When Grant said, "Let us have
peace," he spoke words destined to be
immortal. Yet nobody thought the
sentiment based on a desire to have
peace at the cost of everything else
worth having. The sentiment of tbe
general found an echo in each Ameri
can heart. It did not imply that ne
wanted the national honor assailed,
while the nation calmly assented. ITe
did not mean that the stars and stripes
were to be trailed in the dust, anl no
sword drawn. He had no thought that
trruchery should be permitted to mur
der our seamen and no cannon thunder
rebuke. For Grant was a patriot srl
dier. I read with astonishment and
regret and even a shade of unfakh
that there is in this country an organ
ization which also says, ''Let us hava
ptace," but says it with craven lips,
and transcribes It with a traitors pen.
If the president of the Universal Peace
Union has, as reported, sent a mes
sage to the Queen Regent, expressing
on behalf of the body he represents
sympathy for the cause of Spain, Mid
deprecating the course of this country
in taking up arms, he deserves to he
hanged. If the organization hidors^s
such an act on his part it is mad? up
of fools and vicious poltroons, who, if
caiight in session, should be driven to
Jail at the point of the bayonet, and
exiled to the benign realm of Castile.
It nay have been observed that in
an Oakland church scandal the princi
pals are going about their pockets
bulging with pistols, and threatening
to blow through the opposition such
numerous bullet ho]f>s that the gospel
of peace may unobstructed percolate
and edify. The idea strikes me as an
excellent one. If half told about the
parties concerned is true they ought to
be shot for the good of the community.
Much trouble would be saved by an
adjustment of these unhappy differ
ences through judicious pressure of the
trigger. Such rows belong in the Po
lice Court, and the easiest way to get
them there would be by pulling weap
ons and doing less talking. So long as
the squabblers continue to gabble some
reporter is sure to overhear, and then
we all get a dose of it while looking
through the papers for legitimate
news. And in the absence of gore it is
not even interesting.
Some months ago the duty of coun
seling the R&v. Bovard to be less ob
noxious came my way and was cheer
fully accepted. I think my remarks on
that occasion did him good, but reform
was not complete. He has not yet
learned to deport himself as beseems
a minister and a gentleman. Lately
he was stirred to the depths of his soul,
a depth I fancy to be inconsiderable.
by a report that Mrs. McKinley had
attended a theatrical performance on
Sunday. The improbability of this, the
certainty that in any case it was none
of the Bovard business, do not appear
to have occurred to him. So he wrote
the lady and made direct inquiry. I
submit that the act was an imperti
nence. It has never come to my
knowledge that Bovard has been ap
pointed censor of Mrs. McKinley's con
duct. If so, he made the appointment
himself and it has never been ratified.
The President's wife, in her gracious
ness, instructed her secretary to reply.
The answer relieved the Bovard dis
tress. He was thoughtful enough to
announce that Mrs. McKinley had not
been to a Sunday s'iow, and thought
less enough to let the public know how
he had ascertained the fact. People
who have a real regard for the church
and respect for the worthy and con
scientious pastors who minister to it
protest against the Peeping Toms of
the pulpit. The Bovard field is widen
ing. Heretofore he had been content
to denounce some worthy women for
the sin of drunkenness, and to spy
through a clubroom, that he might
thunder against the wickedness there,
and paint the iniquity of not being a
Bovard. In my opinion if he succeed
in regulating the morals of the bay
cities he will be doing enough without
reaching his saving tentacles clear
across the country.
When a San Francisco man of wealth
has the misfortune to die, it may be
assumed that at least one mourning
widow will bob up from the background
mopping her eyes with one hand and
reaching with the other for all the man
left. In nine cases out of ten the
By HENRY JAMES.
widow is bogus, her tears artificial, and
she would run at sight of a policeman.
A recent instance seems to be of a dif
ferent variety. The extra widow is
genuine enough, but for forty-seven
years she has not seen the capitalist
of her choice. All this time he had
been living here and she had stayed at
her home in the old country, content to
receive a monthly remittance. Mean
while the capitalist had acquired a new
wife, and for decades ) ad seemed to be
a model husband to her. When he
was called to his last account her grief
was genuine and her expectation of in
heritance perfectly natural. Comes for
ward the first wife and opines in legal
phraseology of* great impressiveness
that the dough he left is for the mak
ing of her cakes. lam glad the ad
judication of questions of such deli
cacy does not rest with me. If it did
the old wife would not get enough to
make a riouthful of pastry. A woman
who, for nearly half a century, would
live apart from her husband does not
seem to me to be the true and loving
helpmeet for which he had contracted.
There ought to be a time limit to the
marriage relation when neither of the
parties to the contract lives up to the
terms of the agreement.
The war will lead naturally to the en
larging of the navy. Already it has
shown that in one type of boat the
navy is wholly lackirrg. It has no
transports. Our brave boys are out
somewhere on the Pacific and ..some of
them are packed in the City of Peking,
no more regard having been paid to
their comfort than the packer of sar
dines pays to the fish he jams into a
tin box. Of course the Government
had no reason to anticipate the neces
sity for transports, anfl is not to blame
for having been caught napping. Now
there are in the navy several converted
cruisers, and by having the process of
conversion carried a little further they
would make ideal transports. Here
after there will in all probability be
frequent occasion for taking troops to
sea, and it becomes this great nation
to provide that they go in style.
David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, is a great man. I
never heard of his being approached
on any topic concerning which he did
not have information. It once befell
that I had to interview him as to sea
serpents, and fervid that what he did
not know of the subject was simply
not worth knowing. He is posted on
seals and political economy. He is the
world's great authority on fishes. When
a scientist reaches the stage at which
he is always mentioned by his full
name he is not to be disputed with im
punity. David Starr Jordan has
reached this stage. Fancy the temerity
of mentioning him and leaving out the
Starr or contracting it to an initial!
The thing's impossible. Therefore it
is with misgiving I undertake to op
pose recently expressed views of the
savant of Palo Alto. The president of
Stanford does not think this country
should keep the Philippines. I think
it should, and am sorry to think so, be
cause not to agr< with him is in itself
a presumption and a pain. There are
not many courses open. We must either
keep the islands, give them back to
Spain, make them independent or di
vide them among the powers of Eu
rope. To give them back to Spain
would be a crime so gross that the
mere question of policy is not to be
considered. That the people there are
capable of self-government is a pre
posterous notion, and not to be enter
tained. There is no reason for giving
the islands to the powers, for such a
disposition cf them would win the fa
vor of one power, possibly, but the dis
favor of all the rest. If a matter of
morality is involved, certainly it is no
worse to take by force and keep the
spoil than to scatter it to the equal loss
of the original owner. By keeping the
islands the United States could assure
to them a good government, a bless
ing they have never experienced. Aside
from the value of the Philippines as a
strategic possession, they would be of
utility as affording a field for the youth
of America. The English lad goes to
Asia or Africa. He finds a new outlet
for his vigor. The American lad stays
at home, cultivates the old farm, or
learns a trade at which he accom
plishes nothing beyond the grinding of
his own nose. I am in favor of en
larging his horizon. While it is true
that this country is far from developed,
it is also true that monopoly has such
a grasp upon its resources that a man
with no capital but his hands and his
ambition often finds nothing open to
him but a life of unrequited toil and an
ultimate grave. I believe in giving the
young man a chance. The savages of
the Philippines are worth no more con
sideration than the beasts of the jun
gle. The Spaniards there do not even
merit so much. The time has come for
this great people to reach beyond its
own bounds and accept that which fate
has thrust upon it. I hope to see the
United States with so many colonies
that the sun shall never set on its flag.
This condition would hurt none, and it
would benefit many. Among these col
onies the Philippines will be first and
Cuba will follow. The sooner these
facts shall be recognized the better, for
they are to be the inevitable develop
ments of the near future.
There is a general absence of ten
dency to criticise the President in the
present trying times. If he did find
some weak timber afloat on the politi
cal tide and gathered it in for the con
struction of a Cabinet, he did it before
the signs of war had grown alarming.
Personally I never had any confidence
in Alger, while Long seems to have
been designed by nature for the safe
conduct of a sewing circle. Yet it must
be admitted that Mr. McKinley knows
both of these gentlemen better than it
is the privilege of the country to know
them. I think it, however, no wrong
to fail to see merit in some of the re
cent Presidential appointments, always
bearing in mind that Mr. McKinley is
laboring under the strain of a vast re
sponsibility and that applications back
ed by strong influence are pouring
upon him. There does not seem to me
good reason why the sons of Blame,
Harrison, Hayes, Foraker and other
sprigs totally without military experi
ence or a record of personal worth,
should have been given places. In
deed, some of these young men have in
civil life stamped themselves as below
an average intelligence. And I think
that, so long as civilians were being
called to army duty, for McKinley to
have named Bryan for a position of
trust would have been a gracious
course. At leaust the Nebraskan would
have excited the enthusiastic confi
dence of the men whom he would have
led. But, according to report, no an
swer was made to Bryan's offer, and
his reward was to be called a dema
gogue by papers not accepting his
| financial views. By this the papers be
came the demagogues. Now Bryan has
enlisted as a private, and will for this
act be called more names. I have no
doubt that he will be a good Bojdier,
and fail to see wherein his silver
I scheme cuts any figure. I honor him
j for having enlisted, and hope that even
if he go as a private in the ranks ha
will come back with shoulder straps.
• » • ■
Dorothy Mauer of Omaha visited the
Fine Arts building of the exposition
and with an ax demolished every Cupid
she could reach, her mural nature hav
ing been roused to frenzy by cunt- m
plation of the nakedness of them. Prob
ably Dorothy thinks she has a<
plished much for the cause of i
eqosness, but I do not see what sh
done except show herself essentially
nasty. The interior of a county jail,
where there are neither axes i
pids, would be the proper piace i
* * *
X the energy devoted by thr
eminent to the manufacture of red
could be diverted to the mak;
shirts and shoes th^e soldiers w
have a greater supply of these i.
saries than could be utilized.
EVERYWHERE THE SAME.
Folks hez plum quit talkln'
'Jsuut whon hit's gwine ter rain
An' everything t-xceptin'
This blasted war with Spain.
Can't hardly eat no breakfast—
Can t hardly .«leep at night —
For wonderin' what'U happen
■When them two squadrons fight
W» want to hear from Sampson,
Whar he's sailln' round—
Can't sre why he's tto back'ard
'Bout grabbin' ov the town.
They hain't no use expectin'
Folks to v-.^k much now—
Hit's ten blamed inter*? tin*
To talk about this row.
—Atlanta JournaJ.
THE HAND THAT FEEDS.
Only <?r.o nation in the world can war
with us and escape destruction. That
nation is Russia, and Russia is not keen
for that sort of sport at present. The
lack of wheat is doing more damage to
Spain to-day than the lack of ammuni
tion. You can hire thousands of men to
go out and face death from a bullet, but
no man will die of hunger without dis
playing considerable pique. Just at pres
ent you could get a whole regiment of
soldiers for a quarter of Kansas wheat
in Italy. That is one reason, among
many, why the "combination of Euro
pean powers" has dose nothing of late,
and why France hurries to explain that
she is "strictly neutral" and why the
German Emperor has reconsidered his
hauphty intentions. They are not quar
reling with their bread and* butter.—Chi
cago Journal.
SHORT SERMONS.
A man should always realize that hi»
neighbors are just as good as he is until
he finds out to the contrary, at least.
The greatest wrestler in the world is
truth, and it never gfvea up tiil it wins.
There are many people who can stand
adversity better than they can stand pros-
I perity.
Life is a short thing after all when w-e
! stop to figure up the number of our old
I friends who are no more.
Girls.' as a rule, will put in more time
i on a 10-cent novel than they would on all
the Sunday-school lessons for the year.
The best men are those who attend to
their own business and never meddle with
a ; neighbor's unless invited. — Denver
Times.
.1■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
 ■■ . .. — ■ » .
. Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.- r V-
■ ♦ »
- "Johnny— Johnny.' didn't T ask you once
to stop whistling at the" table?"
■-. "Yes'm." r '■.'■■
.■-"Well,. do you. want me to ask you
again?" . ■ ' . ■
"No'm. I don't want you to make no
bad breaks."
"Bad breaks! What do you mean,
Johnny?" "-.-.-' • - V**>r
"Well'm, you said it was very impolite
to ask for things twice at table."—
more News.
■ ♦ .
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourist* will be accommodated in flrst
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATKLP^R, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. C3S Market St.. S. F.
■ ♦ ■
Excursion to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado. ♦-.
A select' party of educators and scientists
will leave San Francisco M n-l;iy. June 6, for
the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, in charge
of Professor Kmory tmith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been made and a pleasant and
profitable trip is assured. Full particulars at
Santa Fe Office, 644 Market street.
» -^. «
Cut Rates via Santa Fe Route.
On and after June .'•. until further notice,
second-class rates will be as follows: Kansas
City and Omaha, $31; St. Louis, $37; Chicago,
$32 CO. Through palace and tourist sleeping:
cars every day. 1 Full particulars at Santa F©
Ticket Office, 614 Market st.
■ ♦ ■
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points Rast. Call on T. K.
Stateler. General Agent. t".:!S Market St., S. F.
. ■«. .
ACKER'S ENGLISH UEMEDT IS BEYOND"
question the greatest of all modern remedies.
It will cure a cough or cold immediately pr
money back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
■ m » .
Family Economy.— Uncle (to the chil
dren, who have just had a dose of cod
liver oil all around)— do you like
cod liver oil? . ' :
Children— Oh, no; but mamma gives us
5 cents for every spoonful. ;.
— And then you buy something
nice? ' ,
Children— No; mamma puts it Into the
savings bank.
Uncle — And then you buy something: by
and-by ?
Children — No; mamma buys more cod
liver oil with it!— Fliegende Blatter.
ADVEBTISEM-ENTS.
StUDEBAKER
CLEARING
SALE!
THIRTY DAYS, beginning May 10th,
GREATEST SALE OF VEHICLES ever
made on the Pacific Coast.
LANDAUS AND BROUGHAMS,
VICTORIAS AND PHAETONS,
TRAPS AND BREAKS.
All of the Studebaker reliable make, of-
fered regardless of cost.
We shall sell the stuck of one of our
Western warehouses (now being closed),
consisting of MEDIUM GRADE
CARRIAGES, BUGGIES, PHAETONS,
SPRING WAGONS, ROAD WAGONS,
Suitable for CITY or COUNTRY USE
In this stock are vehicles at $50 to $75.
This great sale is made necessary by the
consolidation of two large stocks.
On every vehicle will appear, in plain
figures, the regular and the special price,
showing the great reductions made.
We Invite inspection during this sale
from all interested in honestly mads
work, no matter whether you expect to
buy or not. Come and see us.
STUDEBAKERIROS. MFG, CO.,
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEA.VJEB, Manager.MONTANA'S STALWARTS ARRIVE.
r
A Busy Day Among
Followers of Fife
and Drum. .
General M. P. Miller, Com
manding Harbor Defenses,
Ordered to Manila.
General Merritt rested a little
while yesterday, but the work of or
ganizing the second Manila expedi- I
tion did not pause. General E. S.
Otis kept straight ahead at the job
and at a late hour last night was
pondering over army returns at the
headquarters in the Phelan building.
W: is regarded now as settled that
General Merritt will take to Manila
on the next expedition the squadron
of the Fourth United States Cavalry
now at the Presidio and the Eigh
teenth and Twenty-third United
States Infantry regiments, due in
San Francisco to-day. The troopers
of the Fourth Cavalry will probably
leave their horses here and get
mounts at Manila. Assurance has
been given that the Seventn Califor
nia Volunteers will go with the next
expedition.
The work of getting the fleet in
shape to receive the troops gains
come impetus under General Merritt't;
direction. The steamship China is
hastily discharging cargo in order
to join the neet without delay. The
Zealandia will be the first ship ready,
as the work of preparation on that
vessel is w.ll advanced. The Colon
will not be far behind the Zealandia.
At lost accounts the Centennial and
Ohio were on the Sound.
Five trains of the Southern Pa
cific bringing 1210 men of the
Eighteenth and Twenty-third United
States Infantry regiments will arrive
to-day at noon. T.ie Southern Pacific
figures that the two battalions from
.North Dakota will arrive here to
morrow. The South Dakota regi
ment is booked to arrive- early in the
vreek, but no date is given.
Jolonel Marcus P. Miller. Third Unit
f I States Artillery, who was recently
raced in command of th ? defenses of
Ban Francisco harbor by order of Gen
eral Merriam, was da^ before yester
day appointed by the President briga
dier general of volunteers. Yesterday
General Miller received orders by wire
ip 'in the Secretary of War directing
him to report to Major General Merritt.
It is clear now that General Merritt is
point? to assign to duty with the second
Philippine' expedition as many regular
officers and so! li^rs as can be spared
from this country. General Miller is
if the ablest officers' in the United
States army. His record for bravery
and judgment on the field of battle is
unsurpassed, and this fact is well un
derstood by General Merritt, as the
two officers were near to each other in
the closing campaign of the Civil War.
house at the Presidio in which
ral Miller dwells may hereafter be
known at the post as the "House of
Brigadiers." Colonel S. B. M. Foung,
Fourth United States Cavalry, lived
there a short time before he was pro
•d to the grade of brigadier gen
eral. His successor on the premises,
Colon,d K. B. Wllllston, Third Artil
lery, lived in the house but a little
while before he received his star. Lieu
tenant Colonel Wallace F. Randolph.
Third United States Artillery, cainc to
the house from Fort Riloy. Kansas,
passed part of one night and the whole
ne day under its roof, and shortly
after was appointed brigadier -
of volunteers. When Randolph went
east Colonel Miller, who had not the
Slightest idea of further promotion on
this sphere, came over from Ansel Isl
and and established himself in the
house that Randolph had just vacated.
*r Now a 6tar falls on Miller. It is sug
gested in civil circles that General
Dickinson should apply to the post
commander at the Presidio fur the
privilege of sleeping one night in that
lucky house.
Major David 11. Kinzie. Third United
States Artillery, will succeed General
Miller In command of the artillery de
fenses of this harbur. The command
embraces the batteries at Fort Point,
mortars, dynamite guns, twelve and
ten inch breech-loading rifles and ;Uho
the high-power guns at Lime Point and
the batteries of AJcatraz. The rapid
fire guns controlling the mine fields of
the bay also come under the supervi
eion of the commander of the artillery
defenses.
The following order was yesterday is
sued by General Merria.ni. command-
Ing the department of California:
Major William W. McCammon, assistant ad
jutant seneral. [Tnlted States Volunteers, la
relieved from further duty at IheM head
quarters. In or,der to enable him to report t><
Major General 15. S. Otln for assignment to
duty under telegraphic inMnicllOiia Irum the
■\\"a.r Department of the 2:td instant. ?
The O. & O. steamship Doric, which
sailed for the Orient yesterday, will put
in at Honolulu, and there overtake' the
licet of the rh-st Manila expedition
which sailed from this port last Wed
nesday. Three large bundles of The
Call of Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week were placed in the hands
of ihe Doric's purser, and the papers
will be distributed, one of each d<it<>. to
every mnn aboard the Peking. Austra
lia and City of Sydney. Therefore the
officers and enlisted men of the Four
teenth United States Infantry and the
California and Oregon volunteers ac
companying the expedition will have
the privilege of rending the elaborate
report of the great "send off" which the
expedition received in the bay <if San
Francisco, and also the news of the
world for two days later. The Call
was the only San Francisco newspaper
with which the Doric was supplied.
The number of troops furnished by
CaJlfornia under the first call, together
(with the number asked for under the
Vecond call of the President, wiM en
title this State to two brigadier-gen
erals. It is paid that Eugene P. Mur
phy of San Francisco : stands a■ v fair
chance of getting a commission of this
Krade. He is . a well-known citizen, - a
man of character and ability and a j
West Point graduate of distinction. He
graduated from the Military Academy
in the class of 1867 and served in the
army, chiefly in the Second United
States Artillery, until 1872, when he re
signed to follow civil pursuits. He
served in California, Alaska, Washing
ton and Arizona. Among his compan
ions of the regular service in the field
were Governor Lord of Oregon and Dr.
George Chismore of this city.
At the first signal of the present war
Mr. Murphy tendered nis services to
the War Department and his applica
tion for service is now on file In Wash
ington. During his career as an army
officer he received the highest com
mendation from his superior officers.
The United States naval rendezvous,
No. 10 California street, will be open
to-day and to-morrow, enlisting a gang
of Naval Reserves for the Mohican.
The Navy Department is In a hurry to
put this vessel on some kind of special
duty.
CAMP RICHMOND.
All the Troops Abundantly Sup-
piled With Wholesome
Rations.
Brigadler-General 11. G. Otis of Los An
geles, who has just received his appoint
ment from President MeKinley, visited
Cnmp Richmond yesterday and made an
informal call upon Colonel Berry. The
general inspected the Seventh's camp and
visited the others. His visit had no sig
nificance, and Colonel Berry stated that
military matters were not discussed.
Captain Mallory of General Otis' staff
was busy yesterday inspecting the ord
nance of the various commands; Major
! Moore also accompanied him. He was
-out for the purpose of supervisir.gr the
erection of the field hospital, which is in
course of construction.
General E. S. Otis 1 headquarters have
been erected, and he will probably assume
chnrsre ti -morrow, bu* rono of the officer?
j seems to have any definite idea of the
exact day v.iien ... u..i esiabuaii himseil
! in ni.j new '«nmian«l.
Colonel Little of the Twentieth Kansas
is (icieriniii. lua command .snail have a
band. He made the necessary requisi
tions for instruments, but these'were dis
approved by the Government, so Colonel
Little wired the Mayors of the different
Kansas towns from which the regiment
comes asking for donations with which to
buy instruments. The replies were quick
and numerous, and so far the following
amounts have been received: Minneapolis
$20, Abilene $40. Paola $50, Fort Scott $90
Lawrence $150. Salina $50. Ottawa $100*
The generous response of the citizens of
Kansas is greatly appreciated by the regi
ment. " '
The Thirteenth Minnesota received a lot
of clothing supplies yesterday, and the
First Wyoming Battalion was issued ten
days emergency rations.
The band of the First Colorado will give
a concert at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The
Minnesota regiment gave a regimental
parade on Point Lobos avenue yesterday
afternoon. The recruiting of the Four
teenth Infantry continues quite lively
and Lieutenant Hunt is getting in men as
fast as he can have them examined.
The colonels of the variqus commands
are highly indignant over the published
report that the men of Camp Richmond
are starving. Many of t»-3 men are sick
from being overfed; in r.ict, they cannot
eat that which is given them, so numer
ous are the donations that are daily re
ceived. In addition to what is given the
soldiers by the people, they are abundant
ly supplied with wholesome rations. by the
Government.
The condition of Private Sharpe of Com
pany H, Seventh Regiment, who is ill in
the French Hospital with pneumonia, re
mains unchanged. A private from Com
pany E was taken to the hospital yester
day. He is ill with meningitis.
Under the President's call for additional
troops, it seems to be the opinion of offi
cers that instead of forming new regi
ments, the present ones will be enlarged,
that is. that the additional quota fr-.m
each State will be absorbed by the pres
ent organizations. This will mean an in
crease in each company of twenty-live
" mcn ' .
»
IHE HAWbEKb DEL.iVEI-.ED
The Great Ropes That Will
Tow the Monterey to Manila
Completed.
The twelve-inch Manila hawsers that
are to be used to tow the monitor Mon
terey to the Philippines were delivered to
the commandant of the navy-yard yester
day. The prompt delivery of the great
ropes to the Navy Department was some
what of a surprise to the officers of the
yard, as they were of the opinion that
there was no factory on the Pacific Coast
that was capable of turning out such
hawsers on such short notice. On Thurs
day forenoon the otllceis of the navy
yard, after it was determined to send the
Monterey to Manila, began to arrange for
the towing of the vessel part of the way
to tli© port Dewey had succeeded in
clearing of Spaniards. Large and specially
made hawsers were required. By noon
of that day tiie Tubbs Cordage Company
was asked if such work could be done on
the coast and what time would be re
quired to fill the order. With the inquiry
was a special request to the effect that it
would be a great favor if the hawsers
could be completed by Monday night.
Half an hour later .111 answer was given
stating that the work could be done on
tiie coast and that the hawsers couid be
delivered by 4 o'clock on Saturday. At 2
o'clock on Thursday the order was given
fur the hawsers, and yesterday afternoon
they were delivered. The great ctane at
i.be navy-yaid 111 ted them trom the deck
Dt the tug Reliance a few minutes before
( o'clock, and as they swung onto the dock
the sailors and marines of the few ves
sels at the yard cheered the manufactur
ers again and again for the prompt re
sponse, to Iho emergency order uuring
these war times.
'Jhe delivery of the hawsers was made
the occasion of an excursion by the em
p.'oyes of the Tubbs Cordage Company.
I'he factory was dosed for the day, and
three tuga were employed to take them
all to the navy-yard and cheer at the
lelivcry of the great ropes that grew out
• t the work of their hands. Each of tiie
three great hawsers measured 1200 feet
11 length, and the weight of each of them
was 5200 pounds. All three of them were
loaded en tiie Reliance, and the Sea
jueen and Sea King carried most of the
employes of the factory. Most of the of
lcers and invited friends of the company
ivent on the Reliance, and all three tugs
aero, gayly dressed for the occasion.
The officers at the navy-yard
slace great faith in the Manila hawsers
'or towing purposes manufactured by the
rubbs Cordage Company. In tests they
lave proved to be superior to anything
he navy has yet been able to secure, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
there was much enthusiasm shown at the
prompt delivery of the order.
Among those In the excursion party
were: A. C. Tubbs, president of the com
pany; Charles \Y. Kellogg, secretary; W.
B. Tubbs, Lieutenant J. Oyster, A. N.
Peach. W. S. Spinney, William Anderson,
Captain C. Chiuenden. J. Niederost, John
Phelps, John Campbell. Edward Kverett,
H. F. Fortmann, W. D. Bradford. Greg
ory- Hart, B. C. Hawes, John Fulton,
Walter Scharetg and Charles Zahn.
BIG BATCH OF GENERALS.
Deserving Men Who Will
Wear Flannel Abdominal
Bands.
One of the biggest batches of brigadier
generals ever created in one day was sent
to the Senate Friday by the President.
The list embraces many of the deserving,
some of the undeserving and a few of the
useless. It will be noted with special
gratification in the United States army
circles that Marcus P. Miller, colonel of
the Third Artillery- and the officer in
charge of the artillery defenses of San
Francisco harbor, is in the list. A more
deserving promotion could not have been
made. Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F.
Randolph, Third Artillery, a gallant and
deserving officer of renown, Is also em
braced in the list.
Every new brigadier who Is destined for
service In the Philippine Islands will
doubtless wear the nannel cholera belt
around his ample abdomen. Word lias
b( en passed along the line that the belt
is a good thing for the tropics. Lieutenant
Strother of the regular infantry, who was
recently promoted to major and engineer
officer of volunteers, is said to be a con
vert to the flannel belt. It is suspected
that Major-General Merritt 's advice to
mothers and fathers of volunteers that
their sons in the service should obey
army commands afcd wear the flannel
cloth was given to the press by Lieu-
I Strother in the absence of any
definite military Intelligence. It is a very
clever tactician who can lure a newspaper
man in the quest of news into the accept
ance of a glowing description of a cholera
belt. A man with a genius for this kind
of business ought to be very acceptable
at tin- headquarters of the department of
the Pacific.
A retired colonel of the British army,
who served many years in India, has been
telling Major Edward Field, U. S. A_,
that no soidier should thlnlc of going to
Manila without a cholera belt. Kvery
day for weeks the colonel went to Major
Field's office in the Phelan building to
explain just how the belt should be
made and worn and where the material
could be procured in Calcutta. Of course
International law may construe flannel
for belting brigadiers as contraband of
war. and in that event the material could
not be obtained in a neutral port. Major
Field has all thia information In writing.
and would no doubt supply it on demand
to Major General Merrltt or Lieutenant
Strother. When Major Field was not
in his office the British colonel committed
the injunctions to writing, hence* the ma
jor is in possession of the original manu
script on this important subject.
With duo regard to the military wis
dom of Major General Merritt and the
aggregated military lore of all the newly
h;i tolled brigadiers It may be contended
that our troops for Manila catinot con
form to all the injunctions for the preser
vation of health in the tropical Orient.
The Tiritish colonel tells Major Field that
no soldier can stand exposure to the sun
Tf the Philippines without an umbrella.
He also declares that the ordinary Amer
[ca-n tent would ho useless at Manila, as
'ho sun's heat would instantly go through
It This being the case the men should be
provided with huts and umbrellas. More
iver, Major Field is informed that the
■;o!dior must wear n long strip of thin
nusliii around the waist to prevent the
cartridge belt from chafiing the skin.
A little reflection must convince one
hat it is impossible to take along every
hing absolutely needed to promote rom
'ort In the tropics, hence there should be
m agreement to take only the absolutely
leceasary articles. The best authorities
iftroo that thf* cholera belt holds thehlgh
•st place In the emergency list. The Call's
nformation is that the British colonel
)lncos it first in his ideal requisition.
A cork helmet is another article that is
;a!<l to be requisite for field service in the
Philippines. Major Field was inform". l
hat the real thing In this line could be
>rocured in Calcutta, but this again
>rin:-s up the question of contraband
foof'-. Is a cork hat contraband of war?
Pliat is a question that General Merritt
nay have to refer to his Judge-Advocate,
t was Major Field's judgment that the
British colonel's cork helmet, constructed
md braced as the sample shown at the
building, was not to be compared
vith the light straw hat of American
nanufacturo.
There is a great deal of merit in the
iropositlon that troops should obey the In
unction of the Sanitary Corps and never
;o across the street witnout the flannel
>elt. There was some sagacity, too, in
be manner in which the Examiner was
ed Into ambush and persuaded to pub
"CLOSE ORDER AT ThjE COLORS!"
SCENE AT THE FIRING DRILL ON THE RESERVATION.
llph as an interview with Major-General
Merritt an elaborate commendation of the
flannel belt.
GENER\LS COiNSULT.
The Work of Outfitting the Sec-
ond Manila Expedition to Be
VjqoPotisly Pushed.
Major-General Wesley Merrltt spent the
i greater part of yesterday In consultation
with Brigadier-General Klwel] S. Otis,
I who is to command the second Manila ex
pedition. The plans of the expedition
were thoroughly discussed and the neces
i sary work was mapped out. There Is a
great deal to be done in the way of equip
ping the volunteers, who, above all
things, need a large quantity of proper
clothing, and many of them must be sup
; plied with arms. The worK of equipment
will In itself take considerable time, and
hence the date o. the palling of the trans
ports cannot as yet be definitely fixed.
It Is safe to say, however, that the ex
: pedition will not be ready to sail in less
A CHANGE IN COMMAND.
From a Photograph by Taber.
Captain C. L Hooper, Who Will Take Charge ol
Admiral Deweu's Dispatch Boat,
Captain C. 1,. Ilcoper of the revenue ciitter service and for the past two
years superintendent of construction and repair for the service at this port has
been detached from his present duty and ordered to proceed to Manila and as
sume command of Admiral Dcwey's dispatch-boat, tlie McCulloch.
Captain Hooper is one of the young officers of the service and stands near
the top of his grade. He was appointed an acting third lieutenant In the rev
enue cutter service in ISC4 from the Stale of California, and commissioned a
third lieutenant in ISi;g, promoted to second lieutenant 1868, and to the grade of
first lieutenant in IS7O. Ho was made a captain in IS7O, and has been on duty
continuously on the Pacific Coast for the past twenty-five years.
He has commanded all of the cuttws of the Pacific station, and at one time
spent seven years on the Corwin, which vessel he considers the ablest in the
fleet. For the past two years, in addition to other duties on shore, he has had
command of the entire Bering Sea fie&t. Upon the outbreak of the war with
Spain Captain Hooper was one of the first to apply for active duty afloat, choos
ing for his command the McCulloch. He will sail with the second expedition
for the Philippines, taking with him twenty extra men from the naval force here
for service. Captain Hodgson of the McCulloch, the present captain, having
exceeded the ace limit of command, will proceed to San Francisco upon the a^
rival of hU relief.
I than ten days. Meantime, the troops are
becoming accustomed to camp life and
military discipline, and are being thor
oughly drilled and otherwise put into good
condition for an active campaign in the
Philippines. Up to date there have been
| live troop transport steamers secured— the
China, the Zealandia, the Colon, the Cen
tennial and the Ohio. The collier Peter
Jebsen (now called the Brutus) may be
able to carry about 300 troops. In addition
lon iled. The work of getting these vessels
| In condition and loading them with sup
! plus will be pushed with the utmost
| vigor, the intention being to have them
: all ready for sailing by the time the vol
j unteers are completely outfitted. l*p to
i the present time the purchase and char
! tering of transports has been done by tha
', Navy Department, but It is intimated that
hereafter this business will be attended
| to by the War Department.
Brigadier Elwell Otis, owing to the rush
i of business Incident upon the arrival of
! Major-General Merritt. was unable to
move his headquarters from the Phelan
! building to Camp Richmond yesterday,
but expects to make the move not later
I than Monday. The quarters for himself
and staff at Camp Richmond are about
completed for their reception. The com
modious-tents are well equipped with fur
niture and conveniences, including tele
phone and telegraphic connections. It is
the desire of General Otis to be located
at the camp as soon as possible, so that
he can inaugurate a strict military disci
pline and have all the troops destined for
the Philippines thoroughly instructed in
their duties.
colonel j. B. Babcock, who arrived on
Friday evening from Florida, yesterday
entered upon the discharge of his duties
as adjutant general on General Merritt's
staff. He is well known in San Francisco,
having served for a long time as adjutant
on the staff of General Shafter, who had
command of the Department of Cali
fornia.
Major E. H. Crowder, who also came j
from the East, will be the judge advocate I
and Colonel Charles McClure will be the
chief paymaster of the expedition.
CALIFORNIA'S QUOTA.
A Ret'Ter Puzzling Telegram
Received by Governor Budd
From Secretary of War.
Governor luidd yesterday received a
dispatch from the Secretary of War stat
ing that it Is estimated that It will require
1076 men to bring the California organiza
tions already mustered in up to the maxi
mum strength, and asking If that num
ber of volunteers could be furnished.
Adjutant-General Barrett, to whom the
telegram was referred, replied in tne af
firmative, adding that many more could
be supplied and that they could be fully
equlpped nnd uniformed at once.
Under the second call for volunteers the
quota of California was figured out to be
1942 men. The call, therefore, for 1076 is
somewhat puzzling. Tt may mean that
the balance of the 1!>-S2 will be required,
after the 1076 have been disposod of In
bringing up the various companies from
84 to 103 men, although to do this it Is
fipured out thnt it will only take 808. Cap
tain Carrlngton, the mustering officer, ha«
sworn into the service j339 men up to the
present time.
Adjutant-Genera! Darrett In a later dis
patch to the Secretory of War assured
that official that California could at once
furnish seventeen roippatiles of infantry
and three troops of cavalry, and that ail
were anxious for active service.
WASHINGTON SOLDIERS-
Have Received a Full Supply
of Clothing and Equipage.
Arms To-Morrow.
The Washington volunteers at the Fon
tana barracks have received their full
supply of clothing and equipage, and they
expect to be furnished to-morrow with
rifles and ordnance 6tores from Benicla
arsenal. This prompt equipment Is taken
by the men to mean that they are to be
sent to the Philippines at an early day.
wnlch will be a most pleasing thing, as
; they are all anxious to co.
The forty-five men of Company O who
' were made sick by eating deviled ham
| sandwiches have nearly all recovered.
j They received every possible attention
j from the ladles of the Red Cross Society,
who furnished trained nurses to attend
them, and provided them with an abund
ance of delicacies, for all of which the
volunteers are very thankful.
This morning the officers of the com
mand, with their wires and lady friends.
! will take a yacht ride about the bay.
The command lias been ordered to re
! port at the Memorial day parade to-mor
row.
It Is expected that Colonel Wholly and
the regimental headquarters now at Van
couver. Wash., will soon be ordered to
Fontana barracks to join the two battal
ions now there.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO
Flag Presentation—Court-Mar
tial at Fontnnß Bar
racks. .
Yesterday afternoon an elegant stand
of colors was presented to the First Bat
tery of the California Volunteers, stationed
at the Presidio and in command of Lieu
tenant Herbert Choynski, who was for
merly a member of Governor Budd's
staff. The presentation speech was made
In a most felicitous and patriotic manner
Hoitt's School.
Hoitt'B School, at Burlingame. still
maintains Its position in the front
ranks of the preparatory schools on the
Pacific Coast. It has Just closed the
most successful year in Its history, and
graduated ten young gentlemen. No
where are boys better taught or better
cared for In every respect.
! by Judge J. C. B. Hebbard in behalf ot
the donors, Paul OestJng, Rudolph Flsch
beck, Charles Newman, Edward M. Gra
ney, SI Green, Charles Green. Charles F.
.BeVg, Fred H. Bushnell. James W. Coff
roth, Judge Hebbard, R. Hermansou,
Thomas H. Williams, R. E. Miller, Ed
ward F. Clem, L. M. Hoeffler, A. C. Freese
and J. D. Sullivan, all of whom are the
warm personal friends of Lieutenant
Choynski. . _
A board of officers, consisting of Cap
tain James O'Hara, Captain Benjamin H.
Randolph and First Lieutenant George
F. Bartlett, all of the Third Artillery,
has been appointed by General Merriam
to meet at the camp near Fort Wlnfleld
Scott, at the call of its president, to revise
the general rules and manuals prepared
by the board of officers convened by spe
cial order No. 156.
There will be a general court martial
at the Fontana Barracks, occupied by the
Washington volunteers, next Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock, for the trial of such
prisoner? as may' be brought before It.
The court will be conducted by Major J.
J. Weisenberg, with W. V. Rinehart as ;
iiirige advocate. No serious offenses are ■
"known to have been committed by any I
of the Washington volunteers, and In all
probability the few violators of the mili
tary laws will be let down easy with a
reprimand.
The Sixth California Volunteers, in
camp at the Presidio, have now been
fully supplied with blouses, shoes and
leggings, but as yet they have received,
no hate, and they are in immediate need
of trousers. However, they are being '
equipped as rapidly as circumstances will
permit. They are anxious to receive or- j
ders as to their destination and duties,
and while not expecting to go to the
Philippines on the second expedition, they
hope to be ordered there eventually. There
is some sickness in this command, the
most serious cruses being caused by -pneu
monia. Private Hoffman, of Company D.
who has been very ill with pneumonia, is
slowly recovering, but will be confined to
the hospital for several weeks. Private
Roberts, of Company G. is also a victim
01 this disease, and his oondition is con
sidered dangerous.
NEEDS OF THE RED CROSS.
Donations of All Kinds Solicited 1
for the Boys.
The ladles of the Red Cross Society
are again In need of flannel for soldiers'
bandages, their supply having been ex
hausted by the number they have made
during the past week, yet many more are
They wish to suggest to those ladies
forming clubs for the purpose of making
them at their homes, that material can be
obtained from the woolen mills at whole
sale rates also that natural gray is the
most desirable color, and that instructions
or patterns can be had at the rooms of
the society, 16 Post street.
An article which might be contributed
by those who prefer to make a variety of
donations, is the invalid's slipper of eider
down flannel, several pairs of which have
been sent in by thoughtful ladles. The
manner of making these slippers is most
simple, and they add wonderfully to the
comfort of convalescents, while many
will doubtless find that they already have
the material for several pairs on hand.
A few other suggestions regarding the
articles sent for distribution, and which
add so much to a soldier's comfort, may
not be amiss. All the old magazines or
books consigned to upper closet shelves
will if sent to the rooms of this society,
be sorted, tied into neat and uniform par
cel" for transportation, and help to while
away many an otherwise lonesome hour
for our boys.
Everything In the way of hospital sup
plies are needed, and your family Physi
cian or drufiglst will give you a list of
what these should be.
In making the useful "housewife, so
many of which are required, it is well to
remember that, like its owner, it may
know long hard service, therefore, a
strong dark material Is preferable to the
flimsy, though pretty, lighter silk so many
are tempted to make use of. In furnishing
them with the many necessary articles
which even a man needs when away from
the willing fingers of mother or sister,
bear In mind that the thread should be
coarse linen is preferable, and have a
little roll of both black and white.
Let the needles you quilt into the leaves
of the "needle book" be coarse also; they
are for men's unskilled fingers, and a
darning nerdle and small, soft, ball of
dirning cotton could be added.
Have two sizes of the half dozen safety
pins and three sizes of horn buttons. A.
"row" or two of common pins, not too
small a tiny ball of twine, for a string
occasionally does not come amiss, and it
might l>« well if some one remembered
th;it perhajii n man. even, might use a
thimble in .-*ewiug on buttons or darning
his socks, as some will be sure to do. 11
there is a small pair of scissors you do
not need, or a pair you feel inclined to
buy, they will be a vast improvement over
sawing off linen thread with a knife. If
the thread is wound flatly on narrow
cards It will take less room and present a
neater appearance than in balls, whlcn
give the receptacle an untidy loo<c A
78
slit in one end of the card holds the
loose thread, and prevents Its wlnd.nsr
around other articles. There rlkjuW h-i
both black and flesh colored court plas
ter, a tube of vaseline, and a p;e c or
oil silk for sore throats. An Indelible pen
cil, or one of some sort, seems indispens
able to a well furnished Housewife, and
a tooth brush is a good addition. Some
of those sent in were even supplied with
chewing gum, doubtless a donation from
a young miss who wished to divide the
comforts of life with others.
STALWART VOLUNTEERS.
Arrival of the Renowned First
Montana Infantry Regi
ment.
Colonel— H. C. Kessler.
Lieutenant Colonel— R. B. Wallace.
U. S. A.
Majors— James W. Denman. 11. B. Cook
and John R. Miller.
Surgeon — Major P. J. Adams.
Assistant surgeons— Captains L. C.
Brunning and Leroy Southmyde.
Chaplain— Captain G. C. Stull.
Adjutant— First Lieutenant B. E. Cal
kins.
Quartermaster— First Lieutenant A.
Acadorf.
Battalion adjutants— Lieutenants "Wil
liam Hanna, Louis Sanders. William
Brown.
Company A, Great Falls— Captain J. E.
Moran, First Lieutenant Charles French,
Second Lieutenant C. I. Boardman.
Company B. Butte— Captain Charles
Gardiner, First Lieutenant William F.
McGrath, Second Lieutenant J. Corby.
Company C, Bozeman— Captain James
F. Keown, First Lieutenant J. F. Turner,
Second Lieutenant W. H. I'oorman.
Company 1), Virginia City— Captain I
George W. Reif, First Lieutenant C. \V.
Head, Second Lieutenant Kdward Goivan.
Company B, Dillon— Captain A. Jensen,
First Lieutenant E. J. Bird, Second Lieu
tenant H. Rickards.
Coirpany F, liutte— Captain William !
Hill, First Lieutenant George Nickol, j
Second Lieutenant Adolph Keffner.
Company G, Butie— Captain E. W. I
Wynne, First Lieutenant fi. S. I'axon, j
Second Lieutenant \V. I.. Knowlton.
Company H, Kalispel — Captain F. E. ;
Green, First Lieutenant S. Hilborn, Sec- ;
end Lieutenant S. B. Mclntyre.
Company I. Lewiston— Captain G. H.
Preston, First Lieutenant K. A. Foster,
Second Lieutenant J. M. Croft
Company K. Anaconda -Captain T. G. ]
Dillon, First Lieutenant J. M. Kennedy
Becond Lieutenant Philip Greenan.
Company L, Helena— Captain A. L,
Duncan. First Lieutenant Waiter Brad
shaw, Second Lieutenant Peter French.
Company M. Anaconda— Captain John I
Haliihan, First Lieutenant Bryan Conrad
Second Lieutenant Gerald Sullivan.
These are the commissioned officers of
the First Montana Regiment United
States Volunteer infantry, as splendid a
body of men as ever responded to their ;
country's call.
The regiment Includes the best blood of
the State, and a more stalwart, hardy lot
could not be found anywhere. Colonel
er is one, of the •most prominent
business men of the State, and has been !
long in the service of the National Guard.
! a thorough soldier and a strict dis
ciplinarian. Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace
graduated in the class of '90 at West
t, and up to the time of his appoint
ment In the volunteer service was first
lieutenant in the Second United Stan-
Cavalry. For the past three years he has
been on detached duty with the Montana
National Guard, and is rated among the
Vest of the younger officers in the regular
service. Lieutenant Hanna, adjutant of
the First Battalion, is a nephew of United
Slates Senator Mark A. Hanna of Ohio,
•while Lieutenant J. M. Kennedy of Ana
conda is Speaker of the House of the
Montana Legislature and an ex-Judge
and veteran journalist. Two prominent
preachers— W. J. Hannah and J. H. Foust
Cthe former also being a State Senator) —
are in the ranks. It is the boast of the
comar.d that not less than three-quarters
of its members gave up positions paying
from $3 DO a day and upward to fight for
Vncle Sam and $13 a month. The ma
jority of enlisted men are miners and
Blockxnen, and are veritable giants In
stature.
Montana was called on to furnish one
regiment of Infantry and one troop of
cavalry under the first call. Nearly 5000 j
THE SECOND FLEET OF TROOPSHIPS FOR THE EXPEDITION TO THE PHILIPPINES,
volunteers presented themselves, conse
quently only the cream of the National
Guard was accepted, the others being the
pick of the volunteers. Nearly all the
men are hardy and used to roughing it:
besides they are all familiar with fire
arms, most of them being crack shots
with rifle or revolver.
Two battalions of the First Montana
reached the Oakland yards during the
night and were held there until morning,
coming over to this side hy the early
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I<IM «nnitm m»»i
Why
The Keeley treatment is
the only proven cure for
■ alcoholism and drug ad-
dictions. It is a perma-
nent cure. It is a scien-
tific cure. If you really
want to stop thete is no
reason why you should
not.
Bend for printed matter tntt telli
all about it.
THE I.KEBLEY INSTITUTES.
SB'4 North Main St, Lo« Aniteles.
1170 Marki* St, Saa Fr&ncisco.
Fred A. Pollock, Manacer.
DEMAND THE SOLDIERS' NICKEL.
Troops Are Moved From the Presidio to Accommodate
the Southern Pacific Company.
General Merritt has shown his appreciation of the more than kindly
offer of the Presidio and Ferry Railway Company (Union street line) In
placing their cars at the disposal of the volunteers, and comments on the
magnanimous treatment of his troops afforded by the company In the fol
lowing letter:
PALACE HOTEL. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,., May 27. 1898.
Denr Sir: I am directed by General Merritt to acknowledge the receipt of your
kind letter of this date, offering the free ÜBe of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com
pany's lir.» to all uniformed Volunteers during the present mobilization, and to say
that this information will be published to the troops.
The General appreciates very much the kindness which prompti this patriotic action
on the part of your company, and he directs me to thank the company through Its
president. Very respectfully,
T. BENTLET MOTT.
First Lieutenant, Seventh Artillery. Aid-de-Camp.
George A. Xewhall Esq., president of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company.
A hope was expressed that Mr. Vlnlng of the Southern Pacific Company
would take cognisance of the published offer of the Union street line and
for once in its history imitate an example that would have a tendency to
create a kindly feeling in the minds of the people of the city toward the cor
poration.
The hope, however, seems a forlorn one, as Mr. Huntington's agent not
only refuses the volunteers the free use of his cars the short time they will
remain here, but has succeeded In collecting all the troops, with the excep
tion of two regiments, out in the Richmond District, where the soldiers, in
order to get to and from camp, must of necessity pay their nickels into the
coffers of the Southern Pacific Company, as they alone control this entire
section of the city.
It is considered by the public rather significant that all the troops should
be moved to an out-of-the way place to suit the convenience of the monop
oly, leaving the Presidio, where they rightly belong, absolutely desolate.
The Government, it is claimed, is going to the expense of constructing
water mains in the streets adjoining the camp at Richmond in order to supply
the necessary water facilities, when half the expense would not be necessary
in supplying the Government reservation with the same Improvement.
boats yesterday. The third battalion was
delayed by a wreck near Truckee, and
did not reach here until 11 a. m.
The delay, however, gave the first com
ers ample* time to do full justice to the
hot breakfast provided by the Red Cross
Society, and none of the troops that have
arrived here relished it more, for the
Montana men traveled for three days on
short rations. When the last section
landed they, too, were taken in to break
fust by the ladies, and during the meal
the escort band and the regimental band
of twenty-four pieces alternated in an
impromptu concert for the edification of
the wearers of the crimson cross.
When the last straggler had filled up
on meat potatoes, coffee, bread and but
ter sandwiches, fruit and pastry until he
could hold no more, the entire regiment
assembled and gave three times three
cheers for their entertainers that threat
ened to shake the massive ferry depot
from its foundation.
Passengers to and from Alameda points
stopped to see the Montanans, until there
was almost as great a crowd Inside the
depot as there was on East street. The
men are such giants that few National
Guard uniforms could be used, conse
quently a majority were in citizens' dress
and not as military appearing as some of
the others, but those men can fight.
Preceded by the two bands the com
mand. In charge of Lieutenant-Colonel
Wallace, marched through the gate into
East street at 11:30 a. m. and a moment
later the big cannon in the tower of the
Claus Spreckels building boomed out the
announcement to the people that the
pride of another sister State was march
ing up Market street to join their com
rades in arms at Camp Richmond. Im
mense crowds thronged the streets and
wildly cheered the soldiers, their salvos
being emphasized at intervals of a few
seconds by the thunderous voice of Ihe
Call's artillery.
Up Market street to Golden Gate ave
nue, out that boulevard to Devisadero
street, to Geary and Point Lobos avenue
the regimeiu marched to its camping
ground opposite the main entrance to
Or>d Fellows' Cemetery, where it will be
chartered during its stay in this city.
With the exception of two squares re
served for the Eighteenth and Twenty
third regiments of regulars, near General
B. L. Otis' headquarters, the old Bay Dis
trict tract is now fully occupied, but a
large tract has been secured north of
Point Lobos avenue, two or three blocks
from the main camp, and there the Mon
tana regiment went into camp, and the
North Dakota troops that arrive to-day
will follow.
Although the regiment brought its bag
gage across the bay in the morning, it
was after 4 o'clock when it reached the |
camp, the men being compelled to lie
around in the sand for several hours be
fore they could pitch their tents. By
dark, however, all the tents were up and ;
strict military discipline established. Be- j
sides uniforms and arms, the regiment is
scantily provided with camp and kitchen
equipage, but Lieutenant Neall, IT. S. A.,
soon ascertained what was needed, and in
a few days at most will have the men
made comfortable.
THE PRESIDIO.
Fortress of the Golden Gate,
Where the sea-girt hills around
Give their pageantry and state
To the soldiers' tenting ground,
Spaniard named thee lc. j ago:
Now thou art his proudest foe.
Glorious Presidio!
Now thou keepest watch and ward
O'er Columbia's Western wall.
All along thy trampled sward
Fife and bugle cheerly call.
Bugles call and trumpets blow.
Shouts of captains come and go;
Hearest thou. Presidio?
Freedom's banner o'er thee streams;
Soldier-hearts their faith declare;
Duty calls and glory dreams,
When the starry flag Is* there.
Dreams of battle flash and glow.
O'er the- Western wave they flow —
Dost thou see. Presidio?
Youthful hearts are wild and strong.
Risking all for noble deed.
"Follow honor! Smite the wrong!"
Is the soldier's simple creed.
Ye, whose hearts for freedom glow!
Freemen, fronting every foe!
Ye axe our Presidio!
THEODORE C. WILLIAMS.
Oakland. Cal.
WASHINGTON TROOPS.
Hop© to Be Sent to the Front
With the Next Expedition to
th« Philippines.
Tho two battalions of Washington Vol
THE SA^" FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
unteers who are quartered at the Fon
tana barracks are putting- in their time
in daily drill and are becoming quite pro
ficient in the manual of arms and field
evolutions. They are very anxious to go
to the front, and expect to be sent with
the second expedition to Manila. Lieuten
ant Colonel Fife, who is in command of
the Washing-ton troops, says that the men
are overwhelmed with contributions of
edibles from the people of San Francisco,
and that the numerous delicacies, such as
cake, pies and so on, are not conducive to
the health of the soldiers, who indulge in
too many luncheons between meals.
Colonel Fife, while appreciating the gen
erosity and attention of San Franciscans
in this respect, does not hesitate to say
that there is "too much of a good thing."
Hereafter he proposes to have all food
contributions placed in the hands of the
commissary, who will see that they are
properly rationed off to each company and
served only at meal time. The only ex
ception will be when delicacies are re
quested to be presented to any particular
man. In that event the recipient will at
once be given the artii -les. with instruc
tions not to eat them except at meal
hours.
Fifty ladies visited the Washington
volunteers at the Fontana Barracks on
Thursday and entertained the soldiers
with songs and recitations.
FLAG PRESENTATION.
An Event in the Barracks of
the Washington Vol
unteers.
A handsome flag was presented to
Company D, First Washington Volun
teers, now camped in the old Fontana
warehouse, Thursday afternoon. Major
J. J. Weisenberger made the presentation
speech in behalf of citizens of Seattle
who had subscribed for the flag, and he
was responded to by Captain Frank E.
Adams of Company D. Major Weisen
berger's speech was as follows:
The trumpets of war have sounded and you
have voluntarily come forth from all the fields
of manual and intellectual labor to assist in
vindicating and defending our glorious repub
lic. When I l^ok upon the men I now see be
fore me— satriotlc in spirit, trained in ac-
cordance with the best modern tactics, keen of
eye, firm of purpose, bold, intelligent and skill
ful in many arts and callings, almost as use
ful In military as in civil life, I feel nroud of
the distinction of having been the founder and
first captain of this company. I feel that you
are fully equipped to successfully cope with
the uniformed automata who have forced the
present issue upon us. I have no fear of the
result of the contest between the "armed
thinkers" of your company and the machine
soldiers" of the enemy, and feel that vhe honor
of our country Is SRfe In your hands. Our
nation la not only famed for its patriotic men,
but for its patriotic women as well, and
prompted by this spirit the mothers, wives,
sisterß and sweethearts of the pallant men un
der your command, led by Mrs. Helen V.
George> mother of one of your men. she herself
being a widow of a veteran of the late war.
have banded together, and following the ex
ample of Betsey Ross, who at the suggestion
of the "Father of His Country." made the
first American flag, have made this flag. They
YELLOW LIES EXPOSED.
Nebraska Soldiers Denounce One of the Exam
iner's Recent Fakes.
The following letters do not need a long Introduction. They were
written because of a foolish Examiner story that soldiers were being
poisoned, a rumor on which the sheet hoped to base a sensation:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEBRASKA REGIMENT, May 28. 1898.
To the Editor of The Call. I wish to use the columns of your paper to
contradict the report published in the Examiner of yesterday morningstat
ing that soldiers of my regiment had been poisoned. Some few of the men
were sick as a result of over-eatins. but the article as published in yester
day's Examiner is utterly false and without foundation. When the Examiner
reporter interviewed me In regard to the rumor I told him I had investigated
I concur in the above:
F. A. SNTDER, Major and Surgeon First Regiment.
CAMP RICHMOND. FIRST NEBRASKA INFANTRY. May 28.1898.
To the Editor of The Call: The men who were reported to have been
poisoned were members of my company, F, and were merely Indisposed as a
result of Imprudent eating. The report published in the Examiner t -it they
had been poisoned is utterly false and without foundation, and this was
known to the Examiner's representative when he wrote the article.
CHARLES A. VICKERS.
Captain First Nebraska Volunteers, Commanding F Company.
NO PIES WANTED.
One Colonel VJt>o Draws a
Srjarp Line-
The colonel of the Thirteenth Min
nesota fancies that his men nav^
had enough pie, hence he speaks
these words of wisdom to the loyal
and generous people of ban Fran
cisco.
Headquarters Thirteenth Regiment
Infantry. Minnesota Volunteers.
San Francisco, Cal.. May 27. 1898.
To the Generous People of
San Francisco : While I do
not wish to appear lacking in
appreciation for the kindness
which prompts the donations
of delicacies to the members
of this regiment, I would re
quest that no more fruit or
pastry of any kind be brought
to us. We are going on a long
and trying journey into a
still more trying climate. It
is absolutely necessary for the
efficiency of the men that they
remain in perfect health, and
to keep them in such condi
tion will be impossible if they
are allowed to indulge their
appetites for "goodies."
If your benevolence must
find expression I would sug
gest fresh eggs or fresh vege
tables
C. McC. BEEVE,
Colonel Commanding.
The Red Cross Society desires to
have it known that it is not respon
sible for this "pie avalanche. It
simply supplies necessaries for the
care and comfort of the soldiers in
cases where the Government does
not supply such necessaries. me
pies are the donation of individuals
well meaning, but, in official eyes,
misguided.
bring It to you to carry it into the battle with
valor and to the significance and glory of this
our national emblem of union, liberty and pur
ity, they add the beauty of their love and ask
you to bear it in honor ana bring it home In
triumph. The donors bid me say that their
blessings and prayers will follow you wherever
duty may call, and they charge you to move
upon the enemy's works" even thiough a bap
tism of blood and fire.
Receive then, captain, from my hands, tnis
beautiful flag, and with it the warm felicita
tions of all concerned in the presentation,
whose earnest an>l unanimous . wish is that
you soon return with the same in triumph,
covered with honor and glory.
A GENEROUS GIFT.
Tobacco Freely Distributed to
the Soldiers at Camp
Richmond.
Blnrkwell's Durham Tobacco Company
has won the gratitude of every soldier
and officer in Camp Richmond. Yesterday
the company, through its agent, Herman
Heyneman, distributed to every soldier in
camp a sack of smoking tobacco. This
large amount of tobacco was hauled to
the camp in an immense four-horse dray,
which was decorated with flags and bunt
ing. Mr. Heyneman visited all of the
headquarters, where he was gratefully
and cordially received, and turned over to
each regiment and battalion commander
the tobacco for distribution among the
men. Nearly 3000 pounds were given away
to the soldiers.
War Incidents.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 and Oakland
Lodge No. 171 of the Benevolent Protec
tive Order of Elks, will hold a joint re
j ception in Elks Hall on Friday, June 3.
I to those members of the order who are
j with the regiments of volunteers now at
Camp Richmond and at the Presidio.
' A committee of the two lodges is making
I strenuous efforts to locate every Elk in
I the volunteers, so that each may receive
| an invitation. The Sacramento and Stock
ton lodges will send large delegations.
Through the courtesy of the United
i States military authorities mass will be
celebrated for the United States soldiers
in the military encampment at the Bay
District track on Sunday. May 28. at
11 a. m. All are invited. The services will
be held on the lot south of the Kansas
regiment.
Catholic soldiers who wish to receive
books, medals, scapulars or other ar
JOHN P. BRATT, Colonel Commanding.
PIES TAKEN TO CAMP.
An Army of Patriotic Boys Present Home-Made Pastry to
the Volunteers. •
SEVERAL hundred children, each bearing a pie to the volunteer soldiers quartered at
in line of march at Van Ness avenue and Vallejo street at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and ™ a^ ne £ ™ h^d
quarters with their offerings. Knowing the ostrich-like appetites of tho men in blue a *£ 1
camp life and hard tack gave soldiers the digestion of a dodo, the boys' mothers made the P|«« °' ai "P lep ropo
tions. To avert possible trouble, the hospital corps yesterday prepared an extra supply of hydrocmonc :au » ;
remedies for Indigestion. The boys of the Spring Valley School, accompanied by many sweet little misses, mwrcaea
proudly to the music of the drummers, wholly unconscious of the deadly nature of the food they earned.
At the head of the procession they carried one extra-large pie, as a signal that the army was on its way* m o boi
diers seemed much interested in the visit of the children, and though the presentation was wholly lniormai taere was
much appreciation at camp. Some of the little fellows were almost tempted to sample the pies on tne w, v.n^
others clutched them eagerly, lest some rude hand snatch them. On the whole, it was a pretty picture to see me utue
children with their patriotic offering as they marched down Van Ness avenue yesterday morning.
tides of devotion will please call on the
priest after the mass. The Rev. P. C.
I Yorke will celebrate the mass and preach.
Buena Vista Parlor No. 68, Native
! Daughters of the Golden West, will give
a grand entertainment at Native Sons'
! Hall on Wednesday, June 1, in aid of the
i California volunteers. The features will
■ be "living pictures," a military drill in
' bewitching costume, musical and literary
, numbers and a dance. The ladies have
' been much gratified to receive the follow
: ing acknowledgment of their efforts in the
i past:
Headquarters First Regiment California United
States Volunteers Infantry, Presidio, May
26 IS9B
' Secretary Buena Vista Parlor. Native Daugh
! ters of the Golden West— Dear Madam: Permit
< me by means of this to tender to the parlor the
: sincere thanks of the First Regiment California
United States Volunteers Infantry for the very
handsome donation of first-aid appliances and
GOOD STORIES
BY
MAX MULLER
HERE are some of the recollec
tions of Professor Max Muller,
the greatest of modern philolo
gists, regarding some of the
celebrated people he has met:
One of his earliest invitations
i at Oxford was to meet Thackeray at
: dinner. The novelist was then writing
■ "Esmond." There were only four in
I the party. "We were all very much
| awed by Thackeray's presence, partic
j ularly I, no-t being able as yet to ex
j press myself freely in English. We sat
silent for some time, no one ventured
to make the first remark, the soup was
i over, and there was a fine John Dore
on the table waiting to be splayed. We
were hoping for some brilliant sally
I from Thackeray, but nothing came.
"At last Thackeray suddenly turned
his large spectacled eyes on me and
said: 'Are you go-ing to eat your own
ancestor?' I stared, everybody else
stared. At last we gave it up, and
Thackeray, looking very grave and
learned, said: 'Surely you are the son
of the Dorian Muller— the Muller who
wrote that awfully learned book on the
Dorians; and was not John Dore the
ancestor of all the Dorians?'
"There was a general 'Oh, oh!' but
the ice was broken, and no one after
this horrible pun was afraid of say
ing anything. All I could tell Thack
eray was that I was not the son of
Otfried Muller, who wrote on the Do
rians, but of Wilhelm Muller, the
poet, who wrote 'Die Homerische Vor
ADVERTISEMENTS. '■.-.,. ___^~^-.
Everybody admires a strong man. Men envy Y^fj^V^
y s [ V J him because of his strength and women consider him |^ V JLjf
W^i>^L i noble. In the eyes of the world physical charms are I N
/ '+'~s?—CL>f greater than mental, and the physical Apollo is a \^g||g^
Zs&SzJgSJF greater hero than the mental giant. Every man jgl^?^
%^?~*^SL wishes to be strong— to be called a perfect man. And ■ Jr^tf^'il
ffH^%\ it: is worth trying for. Strength of body makes I 1 g^f 'A
/*/ * Jr*! 8 ? I strength of mind, and the pleasures of life depend (.- \Ly [
1 Y~f upon both. When you lack in either you may regain V^ T
J*^^^ them by saturating your nerves and vitals with the
*^^T^^~~\ vigor generated into your body by f Cj 4 '
}**edkjl DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT, \jbggj
Which has done so much for weakened humanity. fjiiilplS
Dr. Sanden has devoted his life to the upbuilding of £gl
ig^ • x^\ physical manhood, and is qualified to advise men % jp"* -^f
R^ " who feel the want of physical strength. If J
r &*% \ Hisfamous book, "Three Classes of Men," has had ) /r B^
lf»fw i a circulation of over a million copies. It is an 1^!?5
v zl\ authority of physical development. A pocket edition \^K
l "j^L^ of this work can now be had free, closely sealed, by ,^gyf j^
> 7^ - '-^^N' mail, upon application. I-F^ If '""f
JL^^.f READ DR. SANDEN'S BOOK FREE. L^^^
i^§££3£s To men who are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
is worth its weight in gold. It gives new life to the . k^T" '^l
fe^jK weak nerves and restores the most precious element . F f^^&i
f Kt3 of manly power. If you are weak call and see Dr. j i*!"^ t
' \* .-/ Sanden or send for the book. Vt* r '
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * , nRTAMT IinTIPF * C\\\
i± ■ V J 702 Market Street, Corner Oetry. Btnrraaei»oo. ImrUniAnl HUIIUL % 1 V
T?* 1 If! Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. m. : Sundays. 10 Dr. Panden's offlCM' \ *™fiCZ&^\
Ic&'ife^^ii J' °, fflc £ hours-S a. m. to Bp. m. : Sundays, \t ryr F-anden's office 1l '*■* a^^\
*^^—ism!!*\ Ml to l. Branches at Los Angeles, Cat.. 204Vi..:-uth „_": __,„ nt 7fl ATarket ©s."^
vfc fc - l tel Vr> m Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington st.; re ow .at .70Z MarKei -^^3»*
«J^S^y**Btfftiy Denver, Colo.. 031 Sixteenth st.; Dallas. Tex.. street, corr.er Gear}.
other useful articles. The regiment very warm
ly appreciates the thoughtfulness of the ladies
of the parlor and will ever remember the kind
ness shown to it when about to take Its de
parture for duty in the service of our common
country. Permit me to remain, yours respect
fully. JAMES H. SMITH.
Colonel First Regiment California United States
Volunteers Infantry.
Forty recruits for the Fourth United
States Cavalry are expected at the Pre
sidio to-day from Chicago.
Assistant Surgeons Straub and Keefer
will arrive in San Francisco from Alaska
to-morrow and report to General Mer
riam, who will very likely assign them to
duty on the Manila expedition.
Sam J. Allen, an old veteran of the
navy is endeavoring to organize a force
of discharged men who are ineligible for
re-enlistment in active service for the de
fense of San Francisco, and calls upon
schule' and 'Die Schone Mullerin,' and
as to John Dore being our ancestor,
how could that be? The original John
Dore, so I have been told, was il Jani
tore, that is, St. Peter, and had no
wife, as some people will have it, or
at least never acknowledged her in
public, though he was kind to his
mother-in-law. All this did not prom
ise well, yet the rest of our little din
ner party was very successful; it be
came noisy and even brilliant.
"Thackeray, from his treasures of
wit and sarcasm, poured out anecdote
after anecdote; he used plenty of vine
gar and cayenne pepper, but there was
always a flavor of kindliness and good
nature even in his most cutting re
marks."
Another, though less frequent, visitor
to Oxford was Tennyson. "His first
visit to our house was rather alarm
ing. We lived in a small house in
High street, nearly opposite Magda
len College, and our establishment was
not calculated to receive sudden guests,
particularly a poet laureate. He stepped
in one day during a long vacation,
when Oxford was almost empty. Wish
ing to show the great man all civil
ity, we asked him to dinner that night
and breakfast the next morning. At
that time almost all the shops were
in the market, which closed at 1
o'clock. My wife, a young housekeeper,
did her best for our honored guest.
He was known to be a gourmand, and
at dinner he was evidently put out
when he found the sauce with the sal
mon was not the one he preferred.
He was pleased, however, with the
wing of a chicken, and said it was the
only advantage he got from being poet
laureate that he generally received the
liver wing of a chicken. The next
morning at breakfast we had rather
plumed ourselves on having been able
to get a dish of cutlets, and were not
a little surprised when our guest ar
rived to see him whip off the cover
of the hot dish, and to hear the ex
clamation: 'Mutton chops! the staple
of every bad inn in England.' How
ever, these were but minor matters,
though not without importance at the
the naval veterans of the war in this
vicinity who are desirous of serving to
call and enroll themselves.
Town Talk This We°k.
Always up-to-date. Town Talk tV'.s
week is peculiarly bright and timely u s
appearance — a cover radiant with the na
tional colors and bearing an excellent
half-tone of popular Colonel '•Jim" Smith
—naturally attracts the eye and the con
tents speedily arrest attention and inter
est. Thoughtful editorials throwing new
light on local and national topics are
followed by "snappy" comments on the
passing show that are at once newsy : . •
cleverly clothed. Society and musical
notes with a piquant selection of literary
morceaux make up a specially readable
number.
time in the eyes of a young wife to
whom Tennyson had been like one of
the immortals. He was simply de
lightful, and full of inquiries about tho
East, more especially about Indian
poetry."
A later glimpse of Tennyson is af
forded at a lunch given by Dean Stan
ley in honor of the late Queen of Hol
land. She had asked that a number
of literary men be invited— Tennyson,
Monckton Milnes (Lord Houghton),
Huxley and several more. "We were
waiting and waiting, but Tennyson did
not appear. Stanley suggested that
we should not wait any longer, but
the Queen refused to sit down before
the great poet's arrival.
At last it was suggested that Ten
nyson might be mooning about in the
Cloisters, and so he was. He was
caught and he was placed next to the
Queen. The Queen knew wonderfully
how to hide her crown and put every
body at their ease. She took the con
versation into her own hands, and kept
the ball rolling during the whole lunch
eon. But she got nothing out of Ten
nyson. He was evidently in low spirits,
and sitting next to him I could hear
how to every question the Queen ad
dressed to him he answered, 'Yes,
ma'am,' 'No, ma'am,' and at last, by a
great effort, "Ma'am, there is a good
deal to be said en both sides of the
question." He then turned to me and
said in a whisper, but a loud whisper,
'I wish they had put some of you talk
ing fellows next to Regina.' "
Dean Stanley himself, Professor Mul
ler records, not only had no love for
music but actually suffered from hear
ing it. Whenever he could he walked
out of the room where there was music.
He never disguised his weakness, he
never professed any love or admiration
for music, and yet Jenny Lind once told
Professor Muller that he paid her the
highest compliment she had ever re
ceived. Stanley was very fond of Jenny
Lind, but when she stayed at his fath
er's palace at Norwich he always left
the room when she sang.
During the. last century 100 lakes In
Tyrol have subsided and disappeared.KILTIES IN
GAY ARRAY
Gathering and Games
of the Caledonians.
MOST ENJOYABLE OUTING
BHELL MOUND PARK FILLED
WITH A MERRY THRONG.
£Tlie Athletic Events Keenly Con
tested and the Dancing as
Usual a Feature of
the Day.
The skirl of the bagpipes in Shell Mound
Park yesterday made it known to all and
sundry that the annual gathering and
games of the Caledonian Club were in
progress. It was the thirty-second occa
sion of a similar kind, and although the
attendance was not so large as in pre
vious years, which was anticipated owing
to too apparent causes, those present
thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
The games started punctually at 9
o'clock in the morning, and were kept
up without intermission until about 6
o'clock in the evening. The competitors
In most of the events were not so numer
ous as in previous years, but what was
lacking in numbers was made up in
enthusiasm. Ex-Chief Angus McLeod, R.
8. Duncan, the efficient secretary of the
club, and Dan McDonald, took charge of
the games and did their work well. There
was no delay and no kicking on the part
of the competitors.
There was no lack of the usual hos
pitality of the club, and First Chieftain
W. Urquhart and William Mitchell, of
the reception committee, made the guests
feel that they had met with a real High
land welcome.
Nothing particularly startling occurred
In the athletic events. Policeman D. R.
Campbell v.-on five first prizes, which en
titles him to the Jacoby gold medal. The
veteran Tom »'arroll was suffering from
rheumatism in the knee, which handi
capped him, and Campbell was able to
forge ahead. The dancing by the boys
and girls in Highland costume was a
feature of the gathering, and the first
\\>re carried off by Maggie Bas-
Bett, a pretty young miss, who is not in
ferior in grace and poetry of motion to
I ■ ssors, Elaine Telfor and Sybil
•ell.
ng the Visitors were Chief EL K.
McLennan of the Caledonian Club, Sac
ramento, and ex-Chiefs Reid and Morri
son, and several others, ex-Presidents Mc-
Nab and Nichols of St. Andrew's Society,
Supervisor Morton. Sergeant Bethel and
many others. Chief Reid of the club was
zealous in looking alter the welfare of
the guests.
Following were the results of the games:
Race members of Caledonian Club
•'Uish societies (under 12 years); first
ir:zt> i 3, second prize ft, thirfl prize $I— Dan
Bmith. Willie Reid, George Elder.
Handicap) race for sons of members of Cale
donian Club and Scottish societies (12 to 16
years); first prize $2, second prize $2, third
prize Jl — R. Duncan, Robertson, E. Webster.
Vaulting with pole for sons of members of
Caiedonian Club and Scottish societies (under
16 years); Bret prize J3. second prize J2, third
prize Jl— A. McCan, Willie Reid. F. Burns.
Putting heavy stone; first prize $5. second
Lrize J3, third prize $2— D. R. Campbell, Al
ear. Thomas Carroll.
Putting light etone; first prize Jo, second prize
*3. third prize i2— V. R. Campbell, Thomas
Carroll. Al Lean.
Throwing heavy hammer; first prize $5, second
prize 13, third prize X— D. R. Campbell, J. J.
Cameron. Thomas Carroll.
Throwing light hammer; first prize $5, second
prize J3, third prize J2— D. R. Campbell, Thomas
•ron.
Jacoby medal (for members only); epeciaJ
; be awarded to member of the Cale
d n;an Club who has most points in athletic
competitions open to all comers— D. R. Camp-
Best dressel men (In plain Hichland cos
tume), first p'ize So. second prize $3, third prire
5- 11. Reid, P. D. Findlay, D. Fraser.
iressed boys (in full Highland costume),
■ - a«d prize $3. third prize J2— '
Dan Smith. John M Caw, Willie Guild.
Be«t dressed men (in full Highland costume).
.z" J:., third f.r.ze {3—3 — j
Keii Lindt.aj, J. S. Mclntosb, Adam Ross.
Grand Highland reel (men in Highland cob- !
tume). flrrt prize U, second prize J4. third !
r-rfze J2-J. S. Mclntosh, P. D. Findlay, A- '
llcCaw.
Boys' haiiiiicau race (under 15 years), first
prize $3. second prize $2, third prize $I— F.
Keogh. J. OLeary. James Kelly.
Race for m^n (twice aroun] the track), first
rr:ze ;. r ,. second prize $3, third prize $2— M. W.
Beck, C. Jelinsk!. Al Lean.
Tug-of-war. eight men on a side: married
men and single men: turf pull; Dan McDonald,
captain single men; J. W. Harris, captain mar
ried men; first prize, case of wine; second
prize, box of cigars— Won by married men.
Sword dance (lads and lassies in costume);
first prize, $4; second prize, $3; third prize,
$2— Maggie Eassett, Margery McGilvary. Dan
Smith.
Highland fling- (lads and lassies In costume):
12 years and over; first prize. $4; second
$3; third prize. $2— Maggie Bassett, Dan Smith,
Margery McGilvary.
lr:?n Jig; b»Ft lady, $5; best gent, $s— Maggie
Ba*s<>u. F. Burns.
Highland fling (children 12 years and un
der); prize to each — Ten children.
Sword dance (men in costume); first prize,
$5; second prize, $3; third prize, 12 — J. S. Mc-
Jntosh. Adam Ross, P. D. Findlay.
Reel o' Tulloch (men in costume) — First prize,
$5; second prize. $3; third prize, $2. J. S. Mc-
Intoeh. P. D. Findlay, A. McCaw.
Highland fling (on In costume— First prize.
f5; second prize, $3; third prize, $2. J. S. Mc
ntosh. P. D. Findlay, Adam Ross.
Running, hop, step and jump— First prize, J":
Becond prize, $3; third prize, $2. J. Murphy, M
\V. Beck, William Mitchell.
Running hiph leap — First prize, $5; second
prize, $3; third prize, $2. M. \V. Beck, Al Lean,
J. Murphy.
Hurdle ra^e (twice around track) — First prize,
$5; second prize, $3; third prize. $2. M. W.
Beck, F. Wilson. William Mitchell.
Running Jump— First prize, $5; second prize,
$3; third prize, $2. M. W. Beck, Al Lean, J.
Murphy.
Standing high leap— First prize, $5; second :
prize. J3; third prize, $2. J. Murphy, It. W. |
Beck, Thomas Carroll.
Race for members of Caledonian Club of San i
Francisco — First prize. "Wall" champion dia- i
xnond medal, value $200. and J5; second prize, j
$5; third prize, J3. George S. Thompson, M.
\V. Beck. M. P. Forbes.
Reel o' Tulloch 'lads and lassies in High
land costume)— Prize to each, eighteen children.
Long race for men— First prize, JS; second
prize, $6; third prize, »4. F. Wilson, F. Rob
ertson. C. Jellnski.
Tossing the caber— First prize, |5; second
prize, $4; third prize, |3. D. R. Campbell. D.
Held, J. J. Cameron.
Sons of St. George Picnic.
The eleventh annual picnic of the order
of the Sons of St. George will be held in
Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, to-mor
row. The general committee, consisting
of James Hall. W. Norrington. Frank
"U'lnterburn, William Waterland, G. H.
Hurdon and Samuel Creba. have arranged
a good programme of games and will dis
tribute a number of prizes.
FOOD COFFEE.
CHILD WRECKS.
Caused by Ignorant Selection of
Food.
One o f the most divir.e traits in man-
kind is the lo\ for ;nd care of the lit-
tle folks. T- furnish t.ic . good nour-
ishing food is to supply the wherewith
to build the little bodies into healthy
and sturdy men and women. Parents
who thoughtlessly give coffee to grow-
ing children will see the day when they
would give anything on earth to be rid
of the regret for the .eakness and fre-
quent sick spells of the children, caused
by the alkaloids of coffee. Give the
children Postum Food Coffee, the fa-
mous food drink, which goes directly j
to nourish and strengthen child or '
adult, and when in after diys you glory j
In their str ngth and ability you can j
remember with pride that your intelli- I
gence and care about the food and j
drink in their childhood made the stur- |
dy men and women the. are. It is j
criminal to be careless. It pays well
to give chiPren nourishing liquid food
like Fob tuna. i
SURPRISES
IN COURSING
Sports Lost on Many
Good Things.
HARES WERE FULL OF LIFE
MOVE ON, A 6 TO 1 SHOT, BEATEN
BY CHILI PEPPER.
Dogs That Won and Lost Credits
at the Ingleside and
Union Parks Yes
terday.
The patrons of coursing were well repre
sented yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
The day was all that any person could
desire for an outing, and the hares! Well,
I they did themselves credit. Excepting
! two courses every one :>f the forty-two
• races was a grueler which taxed the Btay
; ing and game qualities of the contestants.
Surprises? Not since the inauguration
{ of the park have there been recorded so
| many upsets to the talent. Dogs that
' were looked upon as dead sure winners
i fell by the wayside, much to the chagrin
; and astonishment of the knowing ones,
who felt burning sensations in their in-
I side pockets.
Eleven strong favorites failed to raise
winning colors, and as a consequence the
hearts of the short end gamblers felt glad
beyond a doubt.
The judging was good with two excep
; tions, namely, the courses between White
Chief and Senorita and Move On and Chill
Pepper. It seemed as if White Chief was
entitled to a decision in the first course,
which was judged undecided, but in the
subsequent course the Chief was hand
somely defeated by his opponent. The
course which created considerable dis
cussion was the Chili Pepper-Move On
contest
The last named dog scored several
points to his credit before Chili got in and
took possession of her game, which she
held, so to speak, well in hand, working
the hare closely for quite a few points,
while Move On was running well up, but
on the outside and off his game. The black
dog finally took possession, and scored
three wrenches to his credit, Chill killing
as the hare turned from Move On to her
line. The judge evidently gave the course
to Chili because of the manner in which
she worked her game at close range, but
the bitch failed, nevertheless, to score
sufficient points to place her ahead of
the dog.
The surprises to the fraternity were in
the defeat of Mystery by Rapid. Terrona
by Fireball, Glen Chloe by Clifton Lass,
Border Valentine by Kill Boy, White
Chief by Senorita, Forget by At Last,
Arapahoe by Precita Girl, McKlnley by
Skyball, Lady Campbell by Myrtle, Move
On by Chili Pepper, Olga by Little Dottie.
The best judges are puzzled regarding
the programme for to-day. The dogs in
many courses are so closely matched that
speculators must use care, otherwise
some hot shortenders will bring about
surprises.
The sapling stake was the first on yes
■ terdays racing bill of fare, and it resulted
as follows:
First ran down— Statesman beat Iron Duke;
■ Royal Flush beat Yosemite; Banner Beaver
' beat Sheridan; Petrontus heat Butterscotch:
U:ia Rookh beat Regular Army; Heather Dell
: beat Xeedham: Motto beat Campania; St. Ger
. trude beat Admiral Dewey; Trinket beat Lucky
i Dog; Flush beat Joker.
In the run down of the all-age stake Vanity-
Fair beat Dottie Pimple; Rapid beat Mystery;
Fireball beat Terrona; Belle of Moscow beat
Hettie M. ; Clifton Lass beat Glen Chloe; Log
Boy beat Koyal Stag; Jester beat The Turk;
Kill Boy beat Borders Valentine; Diana beat
Van Knai.p; Glenwood beat Brown Ea^le:
Teeßie Fair beat Electric; Metallic beat Trink;
Minneapolis beat Sir W alter; Mira Monte beat
The GuE?oon; Commodore beat Sylvanite; Se
norita beat White Chief; Maud S. beat
Sweetlips; At Last Bfat Forget; Syl
vanus beat Hicks; Sportsman beat Little
Doubt; Precitia Girl beat Arapahoe; Jessie
Moore beat Decorator; Tod Sioan beat Doug
las: Flying Buck beat Hercules; Lissak beat
Star Pointer; Promise Me beat Silkwoud; Black
Pete beat Jimmy H^>pe; McKlnley beat Sky
ball: Magnet beat Ten Cut: Bonita
beat Lady Grace; Firm Friend beat
Master Glenkirk; Laurelwood beat Glen
stone; Myrtle beat Lady Campbell; Black Pat
tl beat Mission Boy; White Lily beat Gt-neral;
Lord Byron beat Mercy May; Winona beat
Bendigo; Cliili Pepper beat Move On: Rusty-
Gold beat Gilt Edge; Little Dottle beat Olga;
Oleen beat Burlington; Eclipse beat Minnie E.
i On form the dogs that should be award- |
ed with winning colors in the first round I
i of the all-age stake to-day are: Vanity ;
Fair. Belle of Moscow, Log Boy, Jester, ;
i Diana, Metallic. Mira Monte, Senorita, :
Maud S, Sportsman, Jessie Moore, Tod
Sloan. Lissak. Skyball, Magnet, Firm
i Friend. Myrtle, Lord Byron, Winona,
Rusty Gold. Eclipse.
The courses that should prove close are
: those between Fireball and Belle of Mos- ,
' cow. Maud S and At Last, Tod Sloan and j
Flying Buck.
Log Boy. Maud S. Skyball. Firm Friend '
i and Magnet ran very strong yesterday
: and should be heard from in the finals.
In the auction pools the fonowing odds
! are offered on the most likely perform
1 ers:
Seven to 1 against Log Boy, 8 to 1 Diana,
j 8 to 1 Metallic, 10 to 1 Flying Buck, 10 to
1 Lissak, 10 to 1 Skyball, S to 1 Firm ;
j Friend, 10 to 1 Lord Byron, 5 to 1 Rusty ;
j Gold, 15 to 1 Eclipse.
AT INGLESIDE.
A Day for Fast Hares and the
Favorites
With but two exceptions, the favorites
had things their own way at the Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday afternoon.
The hares ran exceptionally strong, and
some very good coursing was the result:
Armagh Lass beat Miss Skyball, who
was on the long end of a 2 to 5 ehot, and
Valley Maid, selling at 2 to 5, with Prince
of Fashion the favorite, were welcomed
by the long-shot players. The result of
the day is as follows:
Sapling stake— Dillon & Reilly's Revolver beat
Gifobons & Hartley's Brier Sweet; J. Mur
nane's Black Bess beat J. Ryan's Gloaming;
Cronin & McDonald's St. Patrick beat J. Mur
nane's "VVolftone: F. Foley's Torpedo lost a
bye to C. Hay's Lassie; W. J. Shields' Armagh
Lass beat T. Hall's Miss Skyball; P. Sullivan's
Maid of Hill beat W. oweeney's La. Juiore;
Lynch & Maher's Lottie M beat T. McHugh's
Matchless; Cronin & McDonald's Depend On
Me beat T. F. Logan's? Miss Grizzle.
All-aged stake— J. Murnane's Flashlight won
a bye from Defender: J. Murnane's Valley
Maid beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince of
Fashion; Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady
beat G. H. Burfeind's Royal Prize; J. Deans
Moondyne II beat D. J. Sullivan's Tom Bell;
Brown & Luther's Van Nlda beat Dillon &
Reilly's Sunol; D. Hooper's Koolawn bey
Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal; J. Sheas
Firer.zi beat James Byrne's Nellie B; Kay &
Traufs Sylvia beat J. Byrne's Occidental: D.
Hooper's Bendalong beat O. Wallace's Fair
View; Kay & Traufs Crosspatch beat Con.
Sullivan's Parnell; Joseph J. Rowan's Pacific
Queen beat Dillon & Reilly's Dauntless; J.
Sheehan's Lass o' Gowrie beat Derby Kennel's
Fleeting Fancy; Lowe & Thompson's Victor
beat F. D. Fer.timan's Blue Bell; £?. & R. Ken
nels' Master McGregor beat T. A. Gaffney's
Lorraine; J. Dean's Connemara beat T. A.
Gaffney's Sir John Arnott.
D St-annon's Swinnerton beat Derby ken
nel's Little Dorritt: J. Sheehan's Lady Jane
beat J. Quane's Captain Morse; P. Brophy's
Benicia Boy beat Nethercote Brothers' Don
Jose: J. Goldman's Sarcastic beat F. Jones'
Do Me: Lynch & Maher's Mystic Maid beat
D. Roche's Gold Dust.
Immediately following the run-down there
was drawn a consolation of twelve dogs to be
run to-morrow, as follow." : Sunol vs. Captain
Morse Sir John Arnot vs. Don Joce; Fleeting
Far.ry v?. Littl" Dorritt; Nflly B vs. Occi
dental; Prince Hal vs. Gold Dust; Prince of
Fashion vs. Do Me.
A Red Cross Service.
At the Church of the Advent, Eleventh
street, near Market, there will be a spe
cial musical service on Sunday evening
at 7:45. Special patriotic music will be
rendered by the full vested choir of fifty
men and boys under the direction of H.
K. White; sermon by the Archdeacon.
J. A. Emery. The entire offering will be
donated to the Red Cross Society. The
public is invited. All seats will be free.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 iliiaioa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
LOCAL MUSICIANS WILL
GIVE A GRAND CONCERT
IN AID OF THE RED CROSS
More Than One Thousand Volunteers From Montana
Breakfast at the Ferry and Then March to Camp
Amid Enthusiastic Cheers.
One of the coming events that the la
dies of the Red Cross Society are look
ing forward to with considerable antici
pation is the concert to be given at the
Baldwin Theater next Thursday after
noon under the auspices of the eminent
composer and musician, Fritz Scheel. Mr.
Scheel is doing - his best and exerting
every effort in arranging a superb sym
phony, and expects the public to do the
rest, as his efforts are wholly In the In
terests of humanity and should be re
warded by success. In conjunction with
the rendition of the concert, under his
magic baton, a pantomime sketch by
Mile. Bilar-Morin will given, the by
. FHlar-Morin will be given, the dia
logue of which is to be presented for the
first time upon any stage. The programme
for the concert will be rendered as fol
lows: Overture, Relnecke: prayer. Kuck
en; sea pictures, Tschaikowsky; "Suite
Copelia," Delibes. The rehearsals are be
ing held frequently, and It is now safe
to say that those who attend the con
cert next Thursday afternoon will hear
one of the greatest symphonies ever ar
ranged under the direction of the cele
brated musician. Mr. Scheel has made
requests for special compositions, which
he has decided will be appropriate to in
clude in the concert.
The society is still progressing rapidly,
and financial assistance is assuming great
er proportions as the public Interest is en
gendered daily by the noble sacrifice the
ladies in charge are making- for the boys
that we have sent, and those we antici
pate sending, to flaunt and maintain the
honor of the Stars and Stripes over the
people and the island which we have won
anu whom we intend to protect.
The undercurrent of enthusiasm and
patriotism among the members of the
League of the Cross has at last broken
its bounds. The boys, finding themselves
unable to fight side by side with their
brare comrades on the field of battle,
have concluded that since they can not
go to Manila they can at least remem-
Der those whom they love by aiding and
assisting them through the agency of the
Red Cross, which will be sent on its mis
sion of mercy to the battlefield and the
camp. Company G is. the first to take
up the noble work of assistance, and it
is needless to say their example will be
speedily followed by the other companies.
At Central Park to-morrow (Decoration
Day) they will take their initial step by
giving an exhibition in conjunction with
a well arranged vaudeville ■ programme.
The officers in charge are the following:
Captain. E. J. Power; Company D —
Captain, I. D. Dwyer; hospital corps —
Major, J. G. Morrisey.
James Bothwell of Sheridan, Mont., one
of the soldiers from that State, gave to
the ferry Red Cross committee a beau
tiful gold mounted watch chain, made of
sorrel horsehair, for the president of the
city Red Cross, Mrs. Merrill, in thanks
for the favors extended to the Montana j
soldiers by our city. He also presented a I
ring to the president of the Sacrament
society for kindnesses to the Montana
boys.
A full regiment of 1025 men was served
with breakfast by the ferry Red Cross j
ladies yesterday morning. The men. tall,
strong looking, came over in four sec
tions of about 256 in each. The boys in
blue were served with breakfast, con
sisting of sandwiches, cheese, hard boiled
eggs, pork and beans, hot coffee and hot
stew, presented by the Oakland ladies.
Knowing the sanitary value of fresh on
ions, a tender green one was added to
each plate.
After the breakfast, the soldier boys
were presented with flowers from San
Francisco. Oakland, San Rafael and Sau
salito gardens; but unfortunately before
the men were all decorated the supply
ran short. In consequence, and to pre- I
vent a repetition of the shortage, the pub
lic is requested to keep the ferry Red
Cross committee supplied with flowers,
as flowers are the distinctive feature of
Cal fornia s hospitality, and are being es
pecially appreciated by the Eastern sol
oi erS! - fS* v b0 ys Ilke to decorate and
fuh tt$ elr belt v with roses and embel
tk! fl r srun barrels w 'th. calla lilies.
The flowers can be left in care of the
baegage master.
The superb flags of the Montana regi-
Th£l fl' ere n£° A decorate with flowers.
Their fine silk American flag was pre
sented to the regiment by the Helena
(Mont.) ladles. Their blue sllk State flag
with the State seal embroidered on it
was presented by the colonel to his regi
ment.
After the soldier boys have been re
freshed, cheers are given for Admirals
Dewey. Sampson, Schley, General Merritt
the colonel of the regiment and the ladles'
of the Red Cross Society. Then to the
sound of music the Doys marcnea out j
B. Stetson usually acts as toastmaster '■
at the ferry Red Cross rooms.
Donations of food for the incoming ;
troops were forwarded to the ladles of
the ferry Red Cross committee by the
following: M. "Warren of • the Palace |
Hotel. Mrs. W. Parnell, Mrs. Thorn, the
San Rafael Red Cross Society, Sausalito '
Red Cross Society, Mrs. Manning, Mrs. <
Major Christen, Tlllmann & Bendel and i
a large supply from the Native Daughters
of the Golden West. Mrs. McClure made
a donation of postal cards for use by the |
soldiers.
The following donations were received i
by the society during the course of the
day, which, added to the sum total of the
receipts previously acknowledged, aggre
gate $32,500:
Charles Clinton, $10; Dan P. Carter, $10; Mrs.
George Loomls, $10: Silver Circle. King's
Daughters, $5; Mrs. M. Stone, 12: L. M. Stone,
$2; employes Diamond Coal Company, $47 75;
nine men from Ross Station. $9; Seventy-sixth
Precinct, Forty-flret District, $3 40; employes
Newman & Levinson, $6150; Bay City Lodge
No. 117. K. of P.. $20; Cottonwood Auxiliary,
$31 65; St. Paul's Episcopal Church, $22 05; Mrs.
A. W. Wilson. $10; Miss Hannah Gray, $3; em
ployes Langley St Michaels Company, $22 50;
Produce Exchange, additional, $145; from Post
street branch, $10; A. C. Freese. $20: Mrs.
Smith, Palo Alto. $5; Court 53. Foresters, $25;
J. Saltz, $20: San Francisco Press Club, $25;
San Francisco Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion, $20; Mrs. G. S. Noble, $2; Mrs. J. Saltz.
$20; M. W. Tompkins Jr.. $6; Irving Whist
Club. $3; Dr. de Vecchi, $10; San Francisco
Verein, $110; C. N. Felton, , $50; Easton. El
dridge & Co., $20: Mrs. Benjamin Sloss, $5;
teachers and pupils Dlxon Grammar School.
$14; Dr. Bucknall. $."; Miss Margaret Andrews,
$5; Thomas Fair, $250; E. W. Baker. Angels
Camp, $5; Court Golden Gate No. 5, Foresters,
$20; San Francisco Tent No. 18, K. O. T. M.,
$25; memberships, $83.
The following contributions were made
ADVERTISEMENTS.
______
First Class $200 To Dawson.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
LAST CHANCE To Enftafte a f?T on Steamer fop First Trip
L'^vJ 1 VllrtnWL. Up the Rlvcr# •. :; .* • •
THE NEW, ELEGANT ELECTRIC-LIGHTED
STEAMER "NATIONAL CITY"
WILL BE DISPATCHED : \ ,
Sgo°u R T "MAY 31, 1898, for DAWSON CITY,
t" CONNECTING AT ST. MICHAEL WITH OUR FLEET
OF RIVER STEAMERS FOR ALL YUKON ,: POINTS.
THE WORLD-FAMOUS ** ET Y^Cf CT 'FfS E9 " SAILS JUNE 3
OCEAN STEAMER CAWCL9IV/lA For Above Points
CDFF 250 POUNDS OF BAGGAGE. OUR RIVER STEAMERS ARE
riILL no LIMIT TO EXCESS. THE FINEST ON THE YUKON.
J ; THE LOWEST OF FREIGHT RATES CAN BE OBTAINED.
CENERAL OFFICE 8 STEUART ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
by the employes of the Black Diamond
Coal Company:
A W Cornwall, $5; H. A. Parrish. $5; 8. J.
Harmon, Jo; J. Pettee^ $5; A. D. Stealey. $2 50;
O Phllbrook, $2; E. 8. Battles, $2; O. F. Nor
man V- A Mullan, $2; A. Jamison, $2; R.
MacSorley, 12; T. Clearny, $1; D. Carroll, Jl;
F Mullan. Si; E. Logne, $1; T. Grannan, $1;
W Fallon $1; J. Donely, $1; H. Hardiman, SI;
J. 'Mullan, Si: J- Lynsky. $i; f. Pennela, SI:
P. Caffrey, $1; J- Watson, Jl; J. Lennox and
others, $1.
Additional contributions are:
Mrs A. K. H. Patchinl, S6; Mn. F.
T Jordan. San Rafa«l, S2; employes of Hlrsch
&Co S3 50- W. Cohen, $10; Mendelssohn Bros.,
JlO- i' Bielenber & Wright. So; T. S. Johnson,
»2 50 Meyer Bros.. $2 50; George H. Davis. $2 50;
Louts Kline & Co., S5; Lewis Meyerstein. J10;
Heynemann & Co., $10; L. Dlnkelsplel & Sons,
$10- L & G- B'jener, $5; S. Bachman & Co., $10;
Cleg Bros $o: Seller Bros. & Co., $5; Gold
stone Bros., $'-' 50; The Werthel Company. $5;
Italian-Swiss Agricultural Company, by P. C.
Rossi $10; Niek-lsbureer & Co., $10; Brunt
Bros $10- Mrs. Rosenthal, $5; Cluett, Coon &
Co $20- Seiig Bros., $6: H. M. Heynemann,
$2 60- J. *J. Friedlender. $2 50; B. Hart, $5; Neu
berger. Relss & Co.. $5; F. F. Osbora, $2 50;
J Keily. $10: Parafflne Paint Company, $20;
J Schussler. $2' Steiner, Strauss & Hyman, $5.
By some mistake the children of the
Humboldt School, who so generously and
patriotically contributed provisions to the
volunteers at the Richmond Camp, were
robbed of the honor. It was wholly
through their efforts that the donations
were received and delivered and the
credit and appreciation which the sol
diers gratefully extended for them is en
tirely due to them. _
The entertainment given by Mrs. Ber
theau at her residence on Vallejo street
yesterday afternoon was both an enjoy
able and financial success. By electrical
appliances a vivid picture showing 3000
soldiers (infantry. artillery, sanitary
corps etc.), was presented on a large
screen erected for the purpose in the
spacious parlors of the Vallejo-street
mansion. The entertainment will be con
tinued to-day between the hours of 1 and
5 o'clock in the afternoon.
Mrs. A. M. Bekeart of this city, who
has in her employ a number of dress
makers, read The Call's appeal on behalf
of the suffering boys from Kansas, and,
laying the matter before the ladies work-
Ing for her. she and they determined to
do what their limited means would allow.
As a result of this determination they
made up a contribution of twenty-four
roasts, an equal number of loaves of
home-made hrf-ad aDd as many pies and
cakes, and adding a box of oranges, sev
eral pounds of coffee and other small arti
cles, th^y went to the camp of the Kan
sas volunteers and delivered their contri
bution, which was accepted with profuse
thanks, and the ladies were given three
loud cheers.
' TABLEAUX AND MUSIC.
Society Crush at Mrs. Eleanor
Martin's Red Cross En
tertainment.
If success is the spur necessary for the
repetition of kindly deeds Mrs. E. Martin
is likely to again place her elegant home
at the disposal of the ladies of the Red
Cross, so magnificent a triumph was the
entertainment given yesterday at the
lady's home on Broadway.
The home, with its spacious rooms and
imposing hall, all conveniently opening
Into one vast apartment, is especially
adapted for large gatherings, and the
tasteful arrangement of the national col
ors added not a little to the brilliant en
semble.
Everybody who is anybody was there,
and, although the crowd was a large one,
the accommodations for all were ample.
In the corridor Caterer Wheeler, who
kindly donated the entire service, was sta
tioned with an efficient corps of watters.and.
cream, cake, lemonade, coffee and choco
late were passed around to all the guests.
The programme was one of unusual ex
cellence, and each and every number was
applauded to the echo.
Assisting the ladies of the Red Cross to
receive their guests were:
Mrs. Admiral Miller, Mrs. Mayo NewhaJl,
Mrs. Austin Tubbs, Mrs. Schwerln. Mrs.
Krutschnitt, Mrs. Horace Hill. Mrs. Downey
Harvey. Mrs. Hall McAllister, Mrs. Grant Sel
fridge. Mrs. J. Nash Brown, Mrs. Russell J.
Wilson, Mrs. Sprague, Mrs. Joseph Tobin. Mrs.
Martinez. Mrs. Langhorne, Mrs. E. Dimond,
Mrs. Tatum. Mrs. Tucker. Miss Gwln. Misses
Maynari, Mii=s Onnur. Miss Blanding. Misses
Spraftue, Miss Miriam Moore, Misses Smith,
Misses Loughborouph. Miss Wallace. Miss Emily
i'an!an. Miss Jennie Heath. Miss Zimmerman,
M'ss 7.ar\f Miss gchneely. Baroness Yon Schro
der, Miss Voorblea. Miss Carroll, Miss Folli.
Misaea Murphy. Miss Salisbury.
The programme was: Piano solo. Miss Boise;
song, "Soldier Tirer* of Wars Alarms," Mrs.
Evans; recitation, "The Old Soldier Speaks."
Mr Charter*; fng, with violin obligate, Mrs.
.ng, a flat, violin obligate. Mrs. Me-
McGarln; s^ene from "Mottaa," Miss Young
and Mr. Charters: Schumann's quintet, Mrs.
Rounrltreo, Miss Furer. M:-s B. Ames. Mr.
Lathrop and Mr. Furor, a ag. Miss Uurgin;
violin solo. Mr. Hother V.'ismer: BOfif, IUM
Burgin; "The Spirit of "78"; "Star Spangled
Banner." Mrs. Richard Bayne: "The Spirit of
"98," Miss Toung, Mr. Charters and others.
FEDERAL RED CROSS.
Collectors Jackson and Lynch
and Surveyor Spear Make
Liberal Donations.
The Custom-house department of Fede
ral employes is about to follow the noble
example set by the Postofflce letter-car
riers, and early this week will organize
a Red Cross Society. Surveyor Spear will
call a mass-meeting of all his employes
to-morrow evening, and It Is expected
that about $200 per month will be sub
scribed* to the Red Cross fund of Califor
nia, which evidently will be In advance of
most of her sister States in the good
Similar action will be taken in the de
partments under Collector of the Port
Jackson and Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch, both of which offices will be good
for about double the sum mentioned.
It Is understood that Collectors Lynch
and Jackson and their deputies, Jake Step
pacher and E. B. Jerome, will subscribe
a liberal monthly percentage of their sala
ries to the cause. The Appraisers' office
has also been heard from, and among all
the departments in the Federal building •
no doubt at least $1200 per month during
the progress of the war will be subscribed ,
and collected.
Notes From Headquarters.
At 16 Post street bandages are still ask-
Ed for and flannel to make them. Eider
down flannel for caps.
Indelible pencils or other writing ma
terials asked for.
The German Hospital offers alfl In the
care of the sick.
Musicians play at the ferry for half
pay. A notable donation to the Red
Cross.
Fritz Scheel will give a benefit concert
at the Baldwin Theater Thursday after
noon.
BUSY YOUNG LADIES.
They Will Look After the Needs
of the Families of the
Volunteers.
On Tuesday afternoon the young ladlee
of this city will meet and organize a so
ciety, whose duty It will be to look after
the families of the volunteers while the
soldiers are in the country's service. The
prime movers are Miss Grace Gorrill,
Miss Irene Baker and Miss Florence
Sharon. It was the intention to have or
ganized in connection with the San Fran
cisco Society doing the same work, but
last night In San Francisco the ladies de
clared that such work must of necessity
be purely local and consequently they de
clined to unite with any similar organiza
tion.
The new Boclety will in no way Inter
fere with the work of the Red Cross
League and will not attempt to minister
to the wants of the soldiers, but will sys
tematically find out what families are suf
fering because of the loyalty of some of
their members and seek to provide adequate
relief. Much enthusiasm is being shown
among the young ladies and there is no
doubt the organization will be perfected
on Monday and will take the first steps
to carry out Its object.
LITTLE ONES TO HELP.
Public School Children Are to
Observe Red Cross Day
Next Thursday.
The Board of Education has decided
that Red Cross work Is worthy of the sup
port of the school children and at a spe
cial meeting the former action forbidding
collections In schools was rescinded and
the following resolution was passed:
Resolved. That the principals and teachers
of this department be directed to explain to
the pupils under their charge the purposes and
aim of the Re<l Cross Sooiety before Thursday
morning-, June 2. IS9«. That notice be given in
the various schools that the Red Cross Society i
is In need of money to carry out its humane
purposes. That notice be given in the various
class rooms of the several schools In this de- i
partment that on Thursday morning, June 2, an
opportunity will be given all pulpls In our
schools to make a willing contribution of money
for the use of the Red Cross Society.
That the Superintendent be and is hereby di
rected to have said contribution made in such
a manner that no one pupil will know what
another has contributed, nor the teachers or
pupils of any one class or school know what
the pupils of any other class or school ha« con
tributed; and, be it further
Resolved, That the ladles of the Red Cross i
Society be requested to furnish the Superin
tendent of Schools with enough sealed boxes to
provide at least one for each school.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
Martha Washington Council No. 2 of
the Daughters of Liberty announce a
guessing party to be given in Laurel Hall
next Friday evening, and the committee
having charge of the same has arranged
an entertaining programme of music and
literature.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET THE BEST.
The '98 Cleveland
BICYCLES !
BETTER THAN EVER AXD THE PRICE
ONLY
$51, $65 anil $75,
Honest Cycles at Honest Prices.
LIBERAL ALLOWANCE FOR YOUR OLD
WHEEL.
leavitt"& bill,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 IjeLrXin St., S. Fl.F 1 .
SO San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WHOLESALE— H. A. LOZIER & CO..
304 and 306 McAllister st.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
n^iCTa. -Fill is sflerti, tilr*ai»jrreess.ll*
rZf^JkF" <"!>, i i.vr*- « - ©(>•« owning* •n«*l»*«m»
I ■■£j&lB/££% VAN VROOM
« tlectra Until Parlor*
•^*m[[ ih\^ •IXTH AMD MARKET
'V* If-''.';-. •KLEISER.tJ.CS. *
KAILBOAD TBAVEL.
ifiggSaOTail' CALIFORNIA
j^tnlipj LiMijEa
SAN FRANCISCO
[j^l^Smg^gJl CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANYUNE,
. - - l>are Pan Francisco at 4:39 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flrtt-class passenger* only, but with-
out extra charge.
: DIMNG CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
: Pullman Falaca Drawing Room Sleeper*, i
days to ChlcaEO.,4H days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
■ Ferry San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
■treet.' Chronicle building. Telephone Main la».
Oakland office. Ill* Broadway. Sacramento
office. 201 J street. Baa Jo««. , 1 W«st , SanU
Clara street. , .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. (Via Sausallto Ferry.)
: Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
ISSS:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and :
2:30 p. m.
; Monday. May 30. 1898— Trains run on Sunday
Round trip from Mill Valley. »1.
THOS. COOK & SOX, Agents, 621 Market
•trwL Sis rnrclxu. ; ■ . . I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A^WORN^OUT FAD.
"Spring Medicines," "Blood Purifiers" and
"Tonics" an Old-Fashioned
Idea.
Pure blood, strong nerves and muscles, , cause they will digest the food promptly
firm, healthy flesh, can only come from before it has time to ferment and sour,
wholesome food well digested. "Blood ar.d the weak etomach relieved and as-
purifiers" and "nerve tonic" do not reach slsted in this way soon becomes strong
the cause of the mischief. The stomach ■ and vigorous again.
is the point to be looked after. The ! Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are superior
saiest and surest way to cure any form to any secret patent medicines because
of indigestion is to take after each meal you know what you are taking into your
some harmless preparation of this kind stomach.
composed of vegetable essences, pure pep- ; They are sold by druggists everywhere
sin, golden seal and fruit salts, sold by ■at 50 cents per package. Write F. A.
druggists under name of Stuart's Dyspep- Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich., for book on
sia Tablets, and these tablets taken after stomach diseases, mailed free,
meals assist digestion wonderfully, be- I .
JAMES BURNS.
Ex-Collector of the Port of Kansas City.
Of the men who have occupied positions of public trust in Kansas City, either
by gift of the people or by appointment, none has a more enviable reputation for
ability, honesty and efficiency than James Burns. Collector of the Port of Kansas
City under Grover Cleveland. He lived to the letter the maxim, "A public office
is a public trust," and when he retired ha carried with him the respect of every
one in the community— Democrats and Republicans alike.
James Burns has used Stuart's Dyspepsia Tabiets, and he floes not nesltata
to say they have accomplished wonders.
"I suffered with dyspepsia for twenty years," safd Mr. Burns yesterday.
"Never knew what it was to enjoy life— in fact living seemed a burden, as It
does to all who suffer severely with dyspepsia. A few months ago I began taking
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. From the fl-st I felt relief, and now. although I
am still taking them. I feel entirely cured. For the first time in twenty years I
can eat anything I want and suffer no Hi effects from it. \on cant imagine the
pleasure of this unless you have been a dyspepsia sufferer
"I never gave a testimonial for any medicine before, but I feel as if everybody
ought to know of this remedy, and while it is personally distasteful to me to
appear in print in this connection. I feel as if I had no right to shirk the °pportu-
nitv to perhaps help some other sufferers from dyspepsia. I have been recom-
mending the Tablets to an my friends. Only recently I took James HLilUs the
father of Father Lillis. down to get some, and I understand he aIBO is being won-
i derfully benefited. I can't recommend it too highly.
SAILBOAD TEAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3-30 5:10 6:30 p. m, Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
5 : S°AN p. m. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAJf FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:46,
3:43, B:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. , .... ,- ;
SUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40, 11:10. a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule aa above. . - ■ ■
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect . San Francisco. :
____: April 23, — — —
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- j Week
Days. ' I days, Destination^ - days. | Days.
: 7-3o'ami B:Boam|— ' Novato, 10:40 a,m B:4oam
3 -30pm! 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm, 10:2oaxn
6:10 pm 5:00 pm; Santa Rosa, j 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, .
7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale,_ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
"7-30 am "I Hopland and I 110:25
3':3opm; 8 ami Uklah. | 7 pm| 6:22 pm
7-30 am "" " " jlO am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm I 6:22pm
7 -30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami B:4oam
and
s:lopm s:oopm JGlen EUen._ 6:lopm, 6:22pm
"7^30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 amllO am
3:30 pm' 5:00 pm! - I 7:35 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
' servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan bprings
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepdrt and Bartlett
Frrlnss- at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
' Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's River-
side Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hulivllle, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
"on C Sundays' round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids;.
A. W. FOSTER. m R- X. RYAN,
Pres. and G«n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run aa
follows:- '. '
South-bound. I North-bound.
j Passen- Mixed Mixed | Passen-
• ger Sunday Sta- ! Sunday i ger
j Dally. Exc'pfd tions. Exc'pt'di Daily.
7-20 a m 9:00 amj Stockton 3:45 pmi 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10-40 am! 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am! 2i20 p m
11-40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 m' 1:15 p m
12:15 pml 6:45 p m Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:40 p m
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired. ■ " *
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at ; 6 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. Coulterville. Yo-
semite, etc.; also with stage for Hornltos,
Marlposa, etc. at Lankershim with stage to
and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
• Via Sausalito Ferry. .
From San Francisco.' commencing May 1, 1898.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. *8:00.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 6:15, »6:00,
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San " Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m. ■•••• -
„ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— «9:00.
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. »1:45, *2:30,- »4:00.
■ 5:30, 6:45 p. m. :
.11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
v 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. "
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations. . : -;-.
8:30 a. m. — Cazadero and way stations.
1:4.'. p. m Sundays— Point -Reyes and way sta'n.
lA/.T.HESS,
• NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Clau* SpreckeU Bid*;.
SWQsassgfcKsi*. Telephone Brown , 831. I v i «2t.^Kßt2?a
Residence, ' 821 California ' ; street, below
. Powell. Ban Franclßco. " ■•?■■"•■.
EATLBOAD TBAVEIt.
•OITMKKM rAliriC CO3IJPA3IX.
(rAOIFIC BTSTEM.)
rrnlaa leave and are due to nrrl»« *•
ms rßASiiisto.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Strert.)
i.*at» — From April 88. 1898. — ABB-rra
*6:OOa Nlles, San Jose and Way Stations... ••»4Sa
7:0O a. Benicia. Suiaun and Sacramento...'. 10i43a
?:OVa Maryerille. OroTilleaud Redding tU
Woodland : si4op
TiOOATacaTilleandßumsey.. Si4sp
: 7:30 Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatoja ami .Santa Rosa •ilßp
8:00 a Atlantic Kipres*, Og<len and Ka*t.. *i*9r
SiUOa Mien. Nan Jose. HtocUou. lone,
Sacramento. Marrs^Jle, Chloo,
Tehama and Ke.l BlnC 4ilsp
•S:80a Feterg, Miltou.'OaVdale (Jamestown
for Yoaemite) mi»p
SiVOa New Orteau* Ki|>ress, Jlerccd, Kre*-
no, BakersfleM. Smifa liurliara,
' mM» AugeloH, D-iiiin, El l'a*o,
New Orleans and Kwit »i«j
IO:«Oa Vallejo, Martinez and Way SUtion* 7>43p
■liOOp B*oramento Ki»er htH»iiier» *o>OOp
l:OOr Nile*. San Jcse and War Stations.. *«:40a.
Ban Jose, NUes and Way Stations... {U:ISa
8:0 Op LiTermore, Mandot*. llajiforJ and
Vi»alla .'.. 4i15»
Urerniore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations.; J*oilsa
 Fresno, Merced. Martinez, Vallejo.. IStlSr
4>OOp Martinez, Han Uaniou. Vallejo.
Napa, Callstuga, Xl Verano and
. Sautallosa tilBA
4i OOp Benicia, VacaTllle, . Wo o ill a n ,
..:— .- X nights I^audiug. MarjrsTills, Oro-
: »llle aud Hacraniento I0:4»A
4iBOr Niies. San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7:ISp
' 4:80p Stockton, Oak-dale, Merced..... ISilSp
4:SUpCastlsaudLodl ISttSp
4<3OP Lathrcp. Modesto. Merced. Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
ilcjare. bant* Barbara and ]<os
Angeles 7i4Sa
4i»vP Santa K« Route, Atlautlo Kipieal
for MoJ*»e and Kait «i4op
0i«Op Kuroi>eiin Mall, Ogden and Kaat.... 9:48*
•SiOOpValleju. 12:15p
6tO»p H:iT«ar.lii. Nllrs tnil San Jose 7i49a
J7ioop Vallejo, Port CO4U and Way Sta-
tions..... t»«4»P
SiQOp Orr»<>ii l''.i|>r<-ss,.Hacniii<ento, Marji-
Tille. iliiiK. r»rtlan<l, Tngel
I Sonnilaml i:*at ....: »jI»A
' tikS LEAM>K(> AM) II TWA Kl>.-> LUCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"S — / ' 7ilsa
Biooa Melro-f. Sem! nary Park, CJ I2 A
lo!SSa FlUlibarf, Kl■h■r•^ \u4**
tiltOOA gan Ltaadro, Soath Baa 1 ? ! !« p
U2:oOM L« E*tndlllo, IJJUS*
't3t6«P ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • ■ 'i'l 5r5 r
4:00p '. i3:4»p
SiOOp aaa •i!Bp
7«oop ««4»p
«!««p <Eunsthroofkt«Nn» tVti*
COAST bITIMIOH (Narror? iimtgt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a SanU Cruz Excursion, BanU Cru*
and Principal Way Stations t*f*t
■ilsANewark,CenterTllle.SanJoße,Felt«i,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Sto«y
•SilSp Newark. CcnterTille, San Jcte, New
. Almaden, Felton, lioulder Creek,
SanU Cruz and Principal Wax
Stations..'...'.... M©i»«A
4ilsp San Jose, Oleowood k Way Stations 9:»«a
04:15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz JVi*9x
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnm SIR raiSClSM— root sf Kirkit Slr«t (Sill I)—
•7:16 9:00 il:00».M. (1:00 *2:09 t3:CO
•i:M tC:OO *6:00r.M. , -
frtm OAIUID— Fo«t (fßrutwi;.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tli:CO : *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 4«:C0 •D:OOPJt.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange). " '
» (Third and To.vi)Be:,d Sta.)
•7iUoa Bau Jose and W'.j butiona (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... liMf
{7:80 a Sunday - Eieursion ' for San Jose.
Saata Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way SUtioni JliWl
•■••a Man Juae, Trea Tiuos, Haiita Crux.
Pacitic <!i<)»e, I'aao-.Uoblea,- San
liiiia Ol>Upi>, Unadalupe. Surf and
Princii'-il Way Stutluua 4ll*r
I«i4Oa Sau Jose and Way HUtions.... *8:O*A
lIiSOa San J<«e aud Way Station! ....... ••■S3 A
*»:45rSau Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, Han June, Gilroy,
Uollister. Sansa Cruz, Salluas.
Monterey and Pacitic CJrOTe MO:3Sa
• *K:3nr Sai, Joan and Way 5tati0n5... ....... *S:OOa
•4:l."ii- San Jose ami Principal Way Station* 9:43 a
' •s:<i»li> San Jose and Principal Way Sutlons 6:33 a
, SxSOr San .Toae and Principal Way 3tatious B:3Op
«::{<»!• Sau Jose aud Way 5UM0u5. ........ 7:80p
>ll;-13i- 3an Jo»e aud Way Statious .V.v 7:80p
~ A for Morning. ■ P for fternoon. -■ -
* Sundays ezceptr<l. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
■•■■■•■ tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nigbts only. ,s. ;
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Suudan.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXY and. Washington ; STB.— RE.
modeled and renovated. - KINO, WARD ■ A
CO. European plan. .- Rooms SOc to $1 50 day
$5 to tS week, $8 to $30 month. Frea baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grate* ia cvtrM
. room; elevator, runs all nljchw ■ - ■>. • : -"
910
GOLD STRIKE
NEAR SELMA
Rich Quartz Ledge on
La Fevre Creek.
EXODUS TO THE DIGGINGS
PROSPECTORS RACING TO GET
THE BEST CLAIMS.
Large Body of Free Milling Ore Dis
covered by a Herder of Swine
on a Tributary of
Kings River.
Bpoclal Dispatch to The Call.
SELMA, May 28.— There is great ex
citement here in consequence of the
discovery of a gold-bearing quartz
ledge in the mountains northeast of
Selma- The find was made by J. M.
Lowe of Selma. who v.as herding hogs
In the vicinity. Lowe came to town
•with samples of free milling ore and
took Cashier Snodgrass of the Selma
Bank into his confidence. Snodgrass
accompanied Lowe to the mountains.
The prospect was so satisfactory that
Snodgrass made several locations on
the ledge and made arrangements for
prospecting on an extensive scale.
In the meantime the secret leaked out
and another expedition started for the
scene. There is now a contest on as to
priority of claim to some of the best
locations. Yesterday the craze reached
fever heat and to-da-' there has been a
continuous exodus In the direction of
La Fevre Creek, and there will be a
race for locations on the rid~<\ where
croppings are traceable for a long dis
tance.
La Fevre Creek is a tributary of
Kings River, and the discovery is on
an abrupt ridge rising from the creek.
It is about two miles south and two
miles east of Trimmer Springs, on
Kings River.
One of the locators took out sixty dol
lars in two days' prospecting. An offer
of $15,000 has been refused for one of
the claims.
OSCAR S. STKA'JSS TO
SUCCEED MINISTER ANGELL
Will Again Hepresent This Govern-
merit at the Court of Ab
dul Hamid.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: 1 have
It on excellent authority that James B.
Angeil, Minister to Turkey, has resigned
from hi 3 position. He will be succeeded
by Oscar S. Strauss of New York, former
Minister to Turkey.
Mr. AngelTs resignation will take effect
Borne time during the summer. Mr.
Strauss will not go abroad until his nomi
nation has been confirmed by the Senate.
This will be Strauss' second commission
to Turkey. President Cleveland sent him
to the Ottoman empire during his flrr-t
term. Strauss made such an excellent
record that President Harrison endeav
ored to keep him in office. Philanthropic
organizations' tried to induce Strauss to
remain, but he did not see tit to accede to
their appeals. The selection of Strauss by
President McKlnley for this important
post is another high compliment to
Strauss' valuable services in the past.
Strauss belongs to a distinguished fam
ily. His brother, Isarior Strauss, was
formerly a Representative* in Congress,
while another brother, Nathan Strauss,
has been a leading figure in me municipal
affairs of New York.
GRAND SThsID FALLS WITH
SCORES OF CHILDREN
Many Boys and Girls Injured in a
Disaster at Denver's City
Park.
DENVER, May 28. — A serious acci
dent occurred at 3 o'clock this after
noon at City Park, by which nearly
a hundred children, ranging in size
from mere babies to 12 or 14 years, were
more or less seriously injured. A tem
porary grand stand had been erected
for Memorial day exercises and on this
1200 children had been gathered for re
hearsal. Suddenly a large section of
the stand gave way, carrying its load
of terrified little ones to the ground, in
some instances a distance of thirty
feet.
Many were caught beneath the fall
ing timbers and about forty were se
verely hurt, while scores were painfully
bruised. Twenty of the most serious
ly injured were taken to St. Luke's
Hospital, while the others were con
veyed to their homes in all parts of the
city. It is not believed that any fa
talities will result from the accident.
REFUSED TO FIGHT.
Joe Sullivan Narrowly Escapes Tak-
ing a Ride on a Rail.
SAN RAFAEL, May 28.— Prominent
citizens of this town and many mem
bers of the San Rafael Athletic Club
assembled In the gymnasium of the
club rooms to-night in anticipation of
a rattling bout between Rudolph Groff
man, a local pugilist, and Joe Sullivan
of San Francisco. "When the latter ar
rived he refused to enter the ring in the
face of every fair inducement. So in
dignant were the disappointed followers
of the fistic cult that for a time Sulli
van was in danger of being ridden out
of town on a rail.
Mob an Aged Innkeeper.
MARYSVILLE. May 23.— Two campers
assaulted and robbed aged John Creek at
his wayside inn, south of town, last night,
leaving him insensible in bed and carry-
Ing away about $4 in coin and some cigars
and trinkets. A Deputy Sheriff caught
the men near Gridley this evening. The
prisoners gave their names as John Mc-
Phiel and John Mnßaine of Hanford.
Letters found on their persons indicate
they were In the saloon business In the
southern part of the State. One letter is
from the Monterey Bank at Salinas and
another from Evermore. The stolen
goods were found in their possession.
To Display Sonoma's Resources.
SANTA ROSA, May 28.— At a largely
attended meeting of horticulturists of So
noma County held here this afternoon it
was decided to hold in the near future
at Santa Rosa a great exposition of all
the products of the county. A committee
of representative men and women from
every section of the county was named
to arrange for the exposition. It was de
rided to offer valuable premiums for the
best exhibits.
Postmasters Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. May 2S.— ln the Senate
to-day the following postmasters were
confirmed: California— F. E. Cushing,
ited Bluff; W. George, Grass Valley.
Washington— H. Eldridge, New Whatcom.
Sullivan Succeeds Walthall.
JACKSON. Miss., May 28.— Governor Mc-
Laurin this evening appointed Represen
tative William V. Sullivan to the United
States Senate to succeed the late Senator
Walthall.
Advance* made on furnliur* and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1028 Mission.
SLAYS TO SAFE
HIS OWN LIFE
Tragedy on a Ranch in
Yuba County.
BULLET FNDS A COMBAT
ASSAILANT OF AN OLD MAN
KILLED.
P. W. Bartle Defends Himself From
an Attack by His Adopted
Daughter's Hus
band.
Bpectal Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, May 28.— P. W. Bar
tie, an old resident of this county, shot
and killed Frank Stalker at Bartle
Ranch at 6 o'clock this evening. The
tragedy was the outcome of a family
quarrel.
Stalker, who was the husband of an
: adopted daughter of Bartle, opposed the
■ recent marriage of Bartle to a young
woman and made threats against his
| life. Calling at Bartle Ranch, he as
! saulted the old man, threatening the
while to kill the entire family. See
ing that he was getting the worst of
the encounter, Bartle's wife brought
him a "Winchester rifle from the house.
With this the fatal shot was fired.
Bartle came to town and surrendered
to the Sheriff. He claims he acted in
self-defense, which his neighbors be
lieve is highly probable.
COUNSELMAN A WltfNEJl.
He Makes a New Ten-Mila World's
Amateur Record.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— A new
world's record was established and an
other broken this afternoon on the
new board track of the Park and Cycle
Club. Lee Counselman won the ten
mile match against Bayard T. Wrenn,
making the distance from a standing
start in 20:21, thereby establishing a
world's amateur record, the previous
record being 23:04-%.
In the two-thirds-mile handicap,
standing start, W. L. Wilson (scratch)
broke the world's record, going the
distance in 1:21, four seconds better
than the previous time.
Wanton Slaughter of Horses.
SAUSALITO, May 2S.— A wanton epi
demic of horse killing seems to have
broken out in Marin County. Three horses
belonging to residents of Old Sausalito
were found dead In Worley's Gulch to
day. They had been shot. Yesterday
evening a horse was found dead in the
region of Waldo Point, and two were shot
in Mill Valley. If the malefactor is
found he will be made to pay dearly.
Los Angeles Pastor Dead.
EMPORIA, Kans., May 28.— Rev. Dan
iel Reed, LL.D., pastor of the First Bap
tist Church of Los Angeles, died at the
home of his daughter in this city, after
a lingering illness. The body will be
taken to California for interment.
WILL HONOR
THE HEROIC DEAD
MEMORIAL DAY TO BE FIT
TINGLY CELEBRATED.
A Grand Street Parade and Appro
priate Ceremonies at the
Cemeteries.
To-morrow members of Grand Army
posts will march to the measured tap of
muffled drums and decorate the graves
of the heroes who unheld the standard
of the Union in the hour of peril.
For some weeks committees from local
posts have been making preparations, and
they are now about completed. In the
gray dawn to-morrow little bands of men
wil! go quiotly from mound to mound and
Implant little flags at the graves of de
parted heroes.
As is customary a parade will be held
i in the morning, but as year by year sees
I the ranks of the veterans thinning out
j and their steps growing feebler the line
iof march will necessarily be short. It
i will form at Market and New Montgom
ery streets, pass up Market to Golden
j Gate avenue, to Van Ness, where it will
!be reviewed and dismissed. The mem
bers will then proceed to the various
cemeteries, where appropriate exercises
I will be held, chiefly at the Odd Fellows'
| Cemetery, where the T'tah Volunteer
I Light Artillery will be present and lire
1 a salute. The formation will be as fol-
I lows:
I. W. Lees, Chief of Police.
Battalion of Police — fully equipped.
Colonel Matthew Schlaudecker. Grand Marsha.].
Colonel W. A. Treadwell. Escort to Grand
Marshal.
Major O. M. Boyle. Chief Aid.
A. Decourtlpux, Chief of Staff
Aids— John L. Meares. J. B. Handman,
Charles H. Long, Joseph Straub, W. Gllnd*
roann, William Garms, C. Culotta, Frederick
Denlcke, F. P. Shuster, H. M. Wreden, A.
Fodera, John Bozzini, Edward Ring. E. R.
Russell. John H. Kohlbacher, A. Geantit, A.
M. Asnenfllter, Benjamin Shepston, Harry
Baehr. Edward W. Bushnell, George S. Mleh
llne. Henry C. F. Stahl, W. C. Worswlck.
FIRST DIVISION.
First Colorado Infantry, Colonel Irving Hall
Commanding.
Sixth California Infantry. Lieutenant-Colonel
William J. Johnson Commanding.
First Washington Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel
William R. Fyfe Commanding.
Fourth United States Cavalry. Lieutenant-Col
onel L. W. Morris Commanding.
SECOND DIVISION.
Marshal. H. M. Wreden.
Aid*— Joseph Straub and F. P. Shuster.
Troop A. N. Q. C, Captain Barnett Command
ing, as escort.
Hand.
ITnlted States Navy Detachment.
Independent Rifles, Captain L. Schneider
Comman fling.
San Francisco Turners, <*aptain Frits Attinger
Commanding.
Garibaldi Guard.
THIRD DIVISION.
Marshal, Hon. William H. Chapman
Aids— George 8. Mlehllng. Henry C. F. Stahl
Boys' Brigade, Captain O. H. S. Turner
commanding.
Children of public schools.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Band.
Marshal. J. S. French.
Aids— J. 11. Kllny. Ed W. Bushnell.
Veteran Gußrd of California, G. A. R.. Captain
Joseph Knowlton Jr. commanding.
Escort to the Department Commander.
Solomon Calien, Department Commander
I Staff— T. C. Masteller. assistant adjutant gen
eral; Eugene Wlegand. assistant quar
termaster general; E. J. Leonard,
medical director; Charles H.
l'.i'iin. Department
Inspector.
Lincoln Post No. 1, C. J. Handley commander,
i (Jarfield Post No. 34. Jacob Wo.-ner com
mander.
Colonel Cass Post No. 415, James Butler com
mander.
General George G. Meade Post No. 48, A. E.
Leavitt commander.
In carriages:
Major General H. C. Merriam, U. S. A., and
staff.
President of the Day, Chaplain,
Orator, Readers,
Disabled Veterans, Board of Supervisors,
Board of Education, Board of Health,
Krleger Verein, Floral Wagons.
Hospital Corps— Medical Director E. J. Leon
ard, M. D. ; Surgeon Joseph T. Craw
ford. M. D.
Mounted Platoons — Captain Shepston com
manding.
The column will be reviewed by Ma
jor-General H. C. Men-lam on Van
Ness avenue.
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
JUST A CANTER
FOR ORNAMENT
Order's Son Wins the
Brooklyn.
PILOTED BY TOD SLOAN
LONG PRICE AGAINST THE
WESTERN CRACK.
Game Ben Holliday Staggers in Sec
ond,, a Head in Front of the
Light-Weighted Sly
Fox.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 28.— 1t was more
or less a typical Brooklyn handicap
day. Nature was all tears in the morn
ing and all smiles in the afternoon. The
track was heavy, but it was not a mud
horse that won, for Ornament, who was
fit to run for his life, cantered home a
winner amid the cheers of the crowd.
The crowd, numbering about 12,000,
waited patiently through the first three
races for the handicap, and as soon as
Kingston had won the Expectation
stakes, those who wanted to speculate
so-light the ring. The greatest plunge
was on Don de Oro, the sulker, while
the game little three-year-old Sly Fox
had so many followers that at the close
he was an almost equal favorite with
Don de Oro, and had pushed Ornament
out of the place as second choice. All
the others were nibbled at, but most of
the money was down on the two men
tioned.
At 4:05 o'clock the bugle called the
contestants to the post. After a cou
ple of false breaks, the red flag swished
through the air and the silken jackets
flashed into line. With Ornament a
length behind, they rounded a slight
turn and straightened out on the first
run past the grandstand. As they
neared the Judges' stand the first time
Sly Fox was in the lead by a length,
with Ogden next, two lengths in front
of Don de Oro, Tillo, Ornament, Ben
Holliday, On Deck and Semper Ego fol
lowing in the order named. There was
little change in the position of the
octet as they rounded the lower turn.
As the lot turned into the backstretch,
Ogden, two years ago the Futurity win
ner, had enough of it in the sticky go
ing and fell back into the rear ranks.
The jockeys began bunching a bit at
this point and sent their horses along
to test Sly Fox, for he seemed to be
going easily in front. Don de Oro was
in second place and Sim gave him a
shove to get him a little nearer Sly
Fox, and at the beginning of the up
per turn he was lapped on Sly Fox and
only a neck behind. Tillo also was
lapped on Don de Oro, while Ben Hol
liday was close up, with Ornament
lapped on him. The others were trail
ing and apparently all out.
They were now on the upper turn
and had but three furlongs to go. All
the boys were doing a little urging.
But what of Sloan on Ornament? Sud
denly he leaned far over on his horse's
neck, gave him a little prick with his
spurs and how he mowed the others
down, going like a whirlwind. It was
a streak of cerulean blue silk, a glean
ing chestnut colt, and the crowd
roared :
"Look at Sloan!" . ■'
It was unnecessary for any call, for
everybody saw the great four-year-old
Tillo, Don de Oro and Sly Fox passed
like a flash, and in the time it takes
to tell it Ornament was in the lead.
Then the boys got to work in earnest,
but it was a "useless task, aa far as
the first place was concerned, for they
could not gain a foot on the flying Or
nament, who was doing easily in front.
All eyes were then on Sly Fox and Ben
Holliday as they thundered through the
stretch in the effort to secure second
money. - ■„,.',-
A furlong from home Ben Holliday
got his nose up to Sly Fox's tail. A
sixteenth from home his nose was
about a foot behind that of Sly Fox,
and in the last few strides Ben Holli
day managed to stagger over the line
in second place by the shortest of
n °lfoan was the idol of the hour.
Sloan was the idol of the hour.
There came the proposition to put him
in the floral jockey's chair, which the
jockey on the winner has to undergo,
and to the surprise of everybody he
declined the honor.
Sloan also had the winning mounts
in the first, second, third and sixth
events.
Six furlongs. Platt won, Alvara"do II
second Mainstay third. Time. 1:16^.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling, Damien
won, Ben Ronald second, Ortolan third.
Expectation, ifour and a half furlongs,
Kincdom won. Counselor Wemberg sec
ond. Miller third. Time, :G6?i.
Brooklyn handicap, one mile and a
Ornament, 127 (Sloan), 7 to 2 and
7 to 5. won by a length: Ben Holliday,
121 (Doggett), 12 to 1 and 4 to 1, second,
by a head; Sly Fox, 92 jXamlie). 4 to 1
and 7 to 5, third. Time, 2:10. Tillo. Don
de Oro. Semper Ego, Ogden and On Deofc
also ran and finished as named.
Five furlongs, selling. Tyrshena won.
Cormorant second, Autumn third. Time,
1: One mile. Mlojj Miriam won. Whistling
Con second, General Maceo third. Time,
1:46%.
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Weather pleasant;
tr One m n a e%"elllng-Forbush won, Mitchell
second, Joe Shelby third. Tim©, 1:46
One mile and twenty yards, selling—
Rush won Prince of India second, Laver
na third. Time, 1:48%.
Six furlongs, selling— Montgomery won,
Veloce second, Marsella third. Time,
The Kindergarten stakes, for colts and
geldings, value $1500. five furlongs— Leo
Plantner won, Fausturo second, Ben
Bramble third. Time 1:04%.
Mile and a sixteenth— lmp. Skate won.
Fervor second, Our Chance third. Time,
Seven furlongs— The Elector won. The
Chemist second, Linda third. Time,
CINCINNATI, May 28.— Four and one
half * furlongs— Thesis won, Jessie Jarboe
second Gypsy Gore third. Time, :37^.
Six furlongs— Boanerges won, Turtle
Dove second, Abe Fuerst third. Time,
Five furlongs, selling— L. Pillot Jr. won.
Duke of Baden second, Pelus third. Time,
1:03%.
The Cincinnati Oaks, value $4240. mile
and a sixteenth— Uarda. 117 (Clayton), 11
to 5, won; Martha 11, 107 (Conley), 6 to 5
and 2 to 5 second; Komurasaki. 112 (Over
ton, 10 to 1. third. Time, I:49V£. Lillian
Bell also ran.
One mile, selling— Great Bend won,
Kriss Krlngle second, Dan Rice third.
Time, 1:42.
One mile — Henry Launt won. Prosecutor
second, Millstream-third. Time, 1:42%.
CHICAGO, May 28.— Track sow; rain
ing.
Six furlongs. Parson won, Czarowltz
second. Warren Point third. Time, 1:22.
Five furlongs. King Barleycorn won,
McCarren second, Primavera third.
Time, 1:08.
One mile, -Bonita won. Forte secr-nu,
Marlto third. Time. 1:62^.
Four furlongs. Santello won, Elsie G
second, Black Venus third. Time. :51%.
Five furlongs, Dave Waldo won, Lord
Fairfax second, Red Gidd third. Time,
Six furlongi, Albert VaU won, Don't
Skip Me second. Green Jacket third.
Time, 1:2?V4
BEAN-EATERS LOSE AFTER
GAINING A VICTORY
Game Called in the Middle of an
Inning, Depriving Them of
Five Runs.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L- Pet.
Cincinnati ..24 7 .7741 Plttshurg ...IS 16 .523
Cleveland ...23 9 .719 Brooklyn ...12 1« .fg
Boston 20 13 .606 Philadelphia 11 17 .383
Baltimore ...15 12 .555 Louisville ...12 22 .353
New Y0rk. ..17 14 .54S St. L0ui5... .10 21 .323
Chicago 17 14 .648 Washington. 7 24 .224
LOUISVILLE, May 28.— Both teams
agreed to have to-day's game called at 3
o'clock In order to allow them to catch
a train for the East. The Bcaneaters had
scored five runs with only one out in the
first of the ninth, when Umpire O'Day
called the game, much to Boston's dis
gust. The game reverted back to the
eigth inning, the Colonels winning. At
tendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville " 15 |
Boston 5 11 3
Batteries — Cunningham and Wilson; Willis
and Bergen. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
CHICAGO, May 28.— The Quakers won
to-day by all-around better play. Batting
was about evenly divided, Orth having a
shade the better of it. He was steady as
a clock, while Woods gave six passes to
first. Attendance 1100. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 4 14 1
Philadelphia 10 16 1
Batteries— Woods and Donahue; Orth and Mc-
Farlend. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
PITTSBURG, May 28.— Mercer pitcher
three inning* and was retired alter twelve
hits and eight runs had been made oft
him. Evans pitched a good game, but
the handicap was too much against him
to pave the game. Attendance 180().
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Plttshurs 9 16
Washington 7 13 2
Batteries — Rhlnes and Schrlver: Mercer,
Evans and Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and
Wood.
CINCINNATI, May 18.— The Beds made
It throe straight from the Giants to-day.
The fielding of the Giants was the worst
seen here this season. Attendance 3400.
Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Cincinnati 11 10 2
New York 7 12 9
Batteries— Hill and Vaughan; Meeken and
Warner. Umpires — Emslle and Andrews.
CLEVELAND, May 28. -Hughes proved
a puzzle to the home team to-day and
that accounts for the shutout. Attend
ance 3000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Clf-veland 0 4
Baltimore 3 11 2
Batteries— Cuppy and Zimmer; Hughes and
Clark»». Umpires — Lynch and Connelly.
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Hall's error lost
the first game for the Browns and his
misplays in the second prevented the
Brooklyns from being shut out. Esper
pitched almost a perfect game, the Brook
lvns being able to secure only one hit in
the first eight innings. Attendance 5000.
Score, first game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Brooklyn * 8 4
St. Louis 3 7 3
Batteries— Teaser and Ityan; l'aylor and
Clements. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
Pcore second game:
Clubs- R- H^ E
Brooklyn 3 ■ J
St. Louis 8 M 3
Batteries— Miller and Grim; Esper and Sug
den. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
Pacific Coast Baseball.
TACOMA, May 28.— Score:
Cluhs- R- H. B.
Tacoma » « »
Spokane * ■ J
FIELD DAY FOR ATHLETES.
Conference Students Try Conclusions
on the Cinder Path.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 28.— The inter
collegtate field day at Caledonia Park,
yesterday afternoon, under the auspices
of the Pacific Coast Students' Conference,
was a splendid success, despite the high
wind which handicapped the contestants
so tn some of the events. E. C. Swan,
Berkeley '99, chairman of the athletic
committee of the conference, acted as
manager.
The day's events and their winners were
as follows:
60-yard dash— University of Southern
California, won; Wharton, Pomona, second.
220-yard walk— Swan, Berkeley, won; Rolfe,
Stanford, second. "^ m
100-yard dash— University of Southern
California, won; Wharton, Pomona, second.
Shot-put— Peck, Berkeley, won; Swan, Berke
ley, second. . .
itO-yard dash— Gustavson, Berkeley, won;
Mumma, Berkeley, second.
The amusing events included a tnr<»e
legged race, sack race, potato race, ele
phant race and obstacle race. The three
legged race was unique In that Dozler,
manager of the Berkeley track team, and
Bawson of Stanford, won it. This is the
first time on record where representatives
of the rival universities entered a con
test and won— one man.
In the summary Berkeley led, having
gained twenty-five points, Stanford gain
ing only ten points. The best individual
score was made by Tuck of the University
of Southern California, Michener, inter
national college secretary, coming sec
ond.
— « .
TANDEM RECORD SHATTERED.
French Wheelmen Pedal a Mile In
1 :54 2-5 at Woodside Park.
PHILADELPHIA, May 28.— The world's
tandem competition record for one mile
was lowered from 1:56% to 1:54 2-5 to-day
by Boulay and Cavally, the French riders,
on the new board track at Woodaide
Park, near this city. The Frenchmen
were the scratch men in the international
professional tandem handicap and broke
the record in the second heat. The best
they could do In the final heat was to get
third place. Dippy and Boughton (115
yards) and the Slmms brothers (45 yard 3)
beating them.
This was the first meeting held on the
Woodside track, and was in every way
successful. The track is considered by
experts to be very fast. There were quite
a number of foreign riders entered in the
different events, but the only ones to get
a place were Boulay and Cavally.
Two-thirds of a mile, handicap, professional—
Jay Katon (10 yards), Elizabeth. N. J-, won;
William Slmms (30). Washington, second ;
Charles Ilatfleld, Newark, N. J. (35). third.
Time, 1:22 2-5.
One mile tandem, professional, International
handicap, final. Dippy and Boughton (115 yards)
won, F. and W. Slmms (40) »econd. Boulay and
Cavally (scratch) third. Time. 1:52.
ADVEBTISEMENTSL
*™ >s ELECTRICITY
IS THE BEST!
AS APPLIED BT
s^^&gMMMUv DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
WILL CURE when everything else fails.
«B^u_^^^^f~ <^!?^^< : Y^flra Letters like the following are arriving dally:
KSSS^Fl^^vfi 'VM^F^^W^HiM MONTIIOSE, Colo.. May 18. 1858.
BBSzr "" I, 7 Xf <QY\2!i3 dr. pierce & son—
■WBKs]*^L; >SS%iSi4y'/,y J^aSm Gentlemen: For the benefit of others I de-
WBtm^a\ rK^^-- ] '^ TrVJl^rß^^fWi sire to pay that I am rr ' 2 years old; have been
■IBk* M-^nh^T«^^P^i«P>*r\Jll - . ill £0- ln tnP rii' nP3 f° r 25 years, where I contracted
JrosU!vH r#PB f' ■ iraflpfcS ' ' U "tC* 1 lliri^^r nl >' disease. I have been dt«'torlng for about
qt^T^'vVlX KJ'.iEi&JimS i.H ] l[Ut>n-** 8 years and have been to different hot springs
'^^ 'vVTt- *-' r l(MEfeiJ^fA> t 77'- without much bpneflt. My disease is rheuma-
'^y!ik^!lf/ l^\ •s/TBr^.VV^f?*/ '\\ \ tism and neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles
[><f ft\yj\ —^\M^m&^^*^*\ vV*^ anc^ spinal disease. Was almost paralyzed and
M .T jl 7J\ '^S^m'i'jt^' „ \at< VV. , my. blood was poisoned. I contracted these dls-
II / ' "^M>t'j| -t^* H* • eases by working in lead ores and ln foul air
y^v^jffri"*— I received your Electric Belt and Spinal Appliance about
'^ **^SV^->. five nionths ago and from the great benefit I have already
V\i\- received I think I will soon be A WELL MAN. I was then
suffering with pains day and night, with swelling of the
joints end poor circulation of the blood; but I am now ever so much benetlted by using your
Belt and Appliance. / . "■ . . ■
If I had some of your ' catalogues I would distribute them in the mining camps among the
boys, as some of them are ln need of something that will cure them without taking so much
medicine. I am yours respectfully, CHRIS JOHNSON. .
in?" Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierce' a. Call at office or write for our new "Book No.
2," which gives price list and tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
© vmt OR. JORDAN'S Great
jjfgfeß Museum of Anatomy
f gptftfi ICSIMASIEI I CT.b«t.6tlt:th,S.l.C»L
iTI 2 B The L«r teßtt eBt iv kUd Jo Urt rld -
iShhA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
l«**»*ff X Cor.nlt.iton free. Krit. for licoi
; W I Philosophy of Marriage.
BIG FIRE AT
LOS ANGELES
A Merchandise Store in
Ruins.
ENTIRE STOCK DESTROYED
LOSS NEARLY TWO HUNDRED
THOUSAND.
Crandall, Aylsworth & Haskell' s
Wholesale House Razed and
Adjoining Buildings
Barely Saved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— One of the
moat disastrous fires which has oc
curred in this city for several years
started this afternoon in the basement
of the wholesale merchandise store of
Crandall, Aylsworth & Haskell, 218 to
224 Los Angeles street, and before the
flames were subdued nearly $200,000
worth of property had gone up in
smoke.
The fire started in the excelsior bins
In the basement of the establishment,
and, owing to the inflammable charac
ter of the stock carried by the firm, the
entire building of three stories was
soon ablaze. A general alarm was
sounded, and after working for over
two hours to quench the flames the
fire department turned its attention to
the adjoining buildiners to prevent a
spread of the fire, which threatened to
consume the entire block. In this the
department was successful, the only
damage incurred other than that suf
fered by Crandall. Aylsworth & Has
kc.ll and E. Gorman, owner of the
building, being a partial loss sustained
bi- the Pacific Crockery and Tinware
Company from water.
The fire was probably caused by
spontaneous combustion, but its exact
origin is at present unknown.
The loss to Crandall. Aylsworth &
Haskell will amount to fully $130,000,
with $50,000 insurance. The building,
owned by E. Gorman, was constructed
at a cost of $50,000. The building was
a total loss and was insured for $20,000.
The loss of the Pacific Crockery and
Tinware Company will amount to
about $5000; insurance unknown.
MICHAEL LOWERS A RECORD.
Fast Time Made in a Two-Mile Race
Against Time.
WILLOW GROVE, Pa., May 28.— The
opening race meet of the season at the
Willow Grove bicycle track waa held to
day under the auspices of the American
Racing Association and was unusually
successful.
Jimmy Michael, the little Welshman,
carried off the honors in an exhibition two
miles, paced, breaking the world's record
of 3:27. made by J. I'latt-Betts at the
Crystal Palace, London. Michael's time
to-day was 3:20 2-5. Michael rode the
distance with perfect ease, making the
first third in :31, the second third in
1:04, and the first mile in 1;39 4-5. The
remaining three laps were covered re
spectively In 2:17, 2:52 1-5 and 3:25 2-5.
The other important event of the day
was the match race of twenty miles be
tween Kdouard Taylore, the French cham
pion, and J. Frank Starbuck of this city.
Taylore winning after an exciting race.
Each man was pacod, and for the first
eight miles Taylore easily led at distances
varying from twenty-five to seventy-five
yards. Here the little Frenchman seemed
to ease up a bit, and Starbuck forged
ahead at the ninth mile, holding the lead
until after the sixteenth mile. During
this period Starbuck led from fifty yards
to one-third of a mile. After the six
teenth mile the chain on a wheel ridden
by one of Starbuck's pacers broke and
he rode all the way around alone. This
gave Taylore a big advantage, and he
soon took the lead, maintaining it to the
end. crossing the line a winner in 37:49 4-5
by twenty-five yards. Summary:
One-third mile, amateur final heat — S C.
CM ft. Castle Wheelmen, first: G. H. Waller
Cnstle Wheelmen, second; J. C. Griffith, Sandy
Ford, third. Time, :43 3-5.
Half mile, professional— Major Taylor, first:
Oscar Hedstrom, New York, second; H. E.
Caldwell. Manchester, third. Time, 1:04 3-5.
Two-mile exhibition axalnst time— Jimmy
Michael. Time, 3:26 2-5. Record. 3:27.
Match race, twenty miles— Edouard Taylore
won from J. Frank Starbuck. Time, 37:49 4-5.
MANY RECORDS BROKEN.
Gr<?at Sport at the Annual Ini*.T-
collegiate Meeting.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The twenty
third annual meeting of the Inter
collegiate Association was brought to
a most successful conclusion late this
evening at Berkeley Oval and the ath
letes from the University of Pennsyl
vania duplicated their success of last
year by carrying off the championship
honors with a score of 50 3-4 points out
of a possible 154. The Princeton Tig
ers were second with 28 points; Har
vard third with 25 5-6 points, and the
Sons of EH fourth, with a score of
22 2-3 points, and Syracuse led the re
mainder with 9 points.
Eight intercollegiate and one world's
record were excelled. To the credit of
Pennsylvania five of the new records
must be placed. McCracken, the heavy
man, accomplished wonders with a 16
pound hammer, as well as the shot, and
established new Intercollegiate records
in both records. Kraenslein of Penn
sylvania smashed the records In the
high and low hurdle races, and In the
As a table water is unsur-
passed. —London Hospital
Gazette.
latter event created a new world's rec
ord, winning by seven yards from Bre
mer of Harvard, who three years ago
established a world's record in the
same event of 24 3-5 seconds. To-day
Breraer ran second to Kraenslein, who
clipped one second off the record.
Preinstein of Syracuse and Percy
Remington of Pennsylvania in the
broad jump surpassed all previous In
tercollegiate figures, and the winner,
Preinstein, almost equaled the world's
record which was established
three years ago by Rosengrave at
Sydney, Australia. Preinstein was only
o-ne-elghth of an inch behind the Aus
tralian record, and his jump to-day
beats all American and English rec
ords.
Fetterman of Pennsylvania walked
away from the field of competitors in
the one-mile walk, which he won by
over fifty yards in 6:45 2-5, beating the
intercollegiate recc-rd by 7 2-5 seconds.
New figures were made at pole-vaulting
by Clapp of Yale and Hoyt of Harvard,
each c-f whom cleared the bar at 11 feet
4 1-8 inches, beating the old record by
half an inch.
Combine of Raisin-Growers.
FRESNO, May 28.— Raisin growers held
a mass-meeting here to-day and perfected
an association, ninety-one growers sub
scribing to the stock. The object of the
association is to effect a combine to raise
the price of raisins. All growers seem to
favor the scheme.
Three-Mile Record Broken.
DENVER, May 28.— 0n the new board
track to-day W. W. Hamilton of this
city broke the world's 3-mile record, un
paced. flying start, riding the distance In
6:34. The former record, held by Amos
B. Hughes of Denver, was 6:45 4-5.
Massacre of Missionaries.
LONDON, May 28.— The Governor of
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^~- — —
HB+K+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+BH
CITY OF jjjjll PARIS
DRY GOODS CO.
DEPARTMENT,
SECOND FLOOR.
Will offer TUESDAY, May 31st, a new lot of NOTTINGHAM CUR-
TAINS in fancy real lace effects,
at 91.50, $2.00 and $3.50 per pair.
Handsome line of CLUNY LACE CURTAINS, with lace Insertion and
edge, for $tt.sO and upward per pair.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS in endless variety at $5.00, $6.00, $7.50
and upwards per pair.
Rich effects in REPP PORTIERES, in all the new coloring^, at $3.00
per pair.
Special line of REPP PORTIERES, good value for $7.50, on sale at
$*>.7o per pair.
Artistic drapery work of all kinds done at short notice and at reason-
able prices.
DRESSMAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY.
Don't fail to visit our ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S.E. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F.,
UNION SQUARE.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated forme.
WRITE if you cannot call.
COXSn.TATION FEKK and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book. "Guide
to Health," free.
F. L. SWEANV, M. D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
U*. Hswry. I have baen troubled a long time with what I suppose
they call dyspepsia. I call it indigestion. I hava
had great pain in my chest for many years, and I
used to have difficulty in breathing at times, and
feel as if something had stuck in my throat, especially
after eating, and I always had to be careful what I
»te. I dared not eat pastry or hot rolls, and at time*
I would get dizzy in my head. I tried Pepsin and
other patent medicines, and I did not find much
benefit until the man at the drug store where I deal
asked me to try Ripans Tabules. ". did, and I tell you
I felt more benefit from one box of Ripans Tabulei
than all the other stuff I had been taking. I had about
three or four boxes, and I am cured. I don't hava
the pain in my chest, my bowels are more regular,
■and I can eat any kind of food that is put before me,
Tabules have made a good cure for me, and
• jjjcll you I tell all nay friends to try them.
Sierra Leone cables to the ColoniaJ Offlca
that the Rev. and Mrs. McOrrew, the
American missionaries, were massacred
about llav S at Taima, near the. scene of
the other "massacres. The Governors In
formation comes from Colonel Uoodgate.
the commander of a British W est African
force, which has just captured TaJlma,
with the loss of three men killed and five
wounded.
Chinese Murderer Convicted.
HANFORD, May 28.— Glng Wah,
alias Ty On, was to-night convicted
of the murder of Hop Nuey on March
7. The penalty was fixed at life impris
ment.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 28.
Ptmr Alice Blanchard, Warner, — hours fra
Yaquina Hay.
» Stmr Empire, Nelson. — hours frm Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA- Sailed May 28— Br Bhip Lord
Kipon, for Queenstown.
FORT liRAiiH- Arrived May 28— Stmr Co
qullle River. benc« May 27.
THANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Palled May 28— Stmr Urabria,
for Liverpool; stmr La Navarre, for Havre;
stmr Trave. for Bremen: stinr Nomadic, for
Liverpool; stmr Werra. for Naples; stmr Am
sterdam, f<>r Rotterdam; stmr Anchoria, for
Glasgow: stmr Hecla, for Copenhagen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 28— Stmr Cam
pania, from Npw York.
Sailed May 2S-Stmr Etrurla. for New York.
HAMRI'RO- Arrived May 28— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, from New York.'
ANTWERP— SaiIed May 28— Stmr Nordland.
fo- New York
iiAVßE— Sailed May 28— Stmr La Touraino.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 28— Stmr Ber
''HALIFAX^-Ar'rived May 28-Stmr BtteHan.
fr BALTIMORE-Arrived May 28-Stmr Hestla,
frcm Glasßow. _ __
A famous French critic has described
London on a Sunday as a well-ordered
cemetery, with hero and there an uneasy
ghost walking about.
Market Street.
To Lease
Near Eighth street — Large lot
fronting 200 feet on Market street
by 275 feet. Vacant, or owner
will build. Ten-year lease.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
30 Montgomery St.
r^xSv\ We Rent all Makes. Few partly
«g^£vv«u used for Sale cheap. Send for
i**«Sf\ Samples and Prices.
M^^ U& M. ALEXANDER
SsilsigSs Ag-nts SMITH PREMIER
1 1 Q MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F..CALRUPTURE IN
THE FAMILY
OF SUTRO
Mrs. Merritt Must Find
New Bondsmen.
CLARA SUTRO WITHDRAWS
WILL FIGHT TO CHANGE THE
OLD MAN'S RESIDENCE.
Such Is the Opinion of Friends and
Relatives of the Contend
ing Children.
The opening gun in the battle for the
possession of the person of Adolph Su
tro has been fired and the fight will
doubtless continue till the aged million
aire and philanthropist has either
passed away or is resting at ease in
his old home on the heights out by the
ocean.
Y< sterday afternoon, through her at
torneys. Bishop and Wheeler, Clara Su
tro filed a petitiun in the Superior
•'ourt, asking that she be allowed to
Withdraw from the bond of her sis
ter, Kmma Laura Merritt, who is at
present guardian of the person and es
tate of her father. It is as follows:
The petition of Clara A. Sutro respect
ents:
■!■ petitioner is one of the
bondsm. n of ttmma Laura Merritt, guar
dian of the person and estate of Adolph
outre, an incompetent.
That ypur petitioner desires to with
draw frotn the bond of the said guardian,
lhat no injury can result from such
withdrawal tv those interested In the
.
Wherefore your petitioner prays that
your petitioner -be discharged from fur
tbe said bond hereto
lore given, and that the said guardian be
requn- a new bund in the place
and stead thereof. And yuur petitioner
will ever pray.
Through her action of yesterday
Clara Sutr.> cast aside the only yoke
that kept her from declaring open con
flict for the possession of her father.
In her action sh.^ has also an able ally
\ in her brother, Charles Sutro, who is
not less anxious than his sister to have
th e • . ..id man removed from
his present surroundings. Such being
the fact, the rumor that an open rup
ture had taken place in the family of
is doubtless true, and the breach
will just as likely widen as time goes
by. Friends and relatives of the con
ur brothers and sisters have labor
keep pea n them, and to
them reach an amicable settle
. but the period when such was
possible seems to have passed aud the
ts will now in all probability set
tle their differences.
The sympathy of the people i? with
the bmther and sister, who would have
their father restored to his old home.
■ "<>nsklerable comment was occasioned
when the old man was removed from
.what was thought would be Ris death
f bed to the hum.- ..f Mrs. Dr. Merritt de
spite the protestations of other chil- j
dren. Years ago the suffering man :
built the home from which he was re
moved a'n<l daily v.atched his garden-.
era as th--y worked among the flowers !
and on the emerald lawns that sur- !
round-d it. The home was his pride
and stroUing down its shaded walks he
spent the happiest days of his life. This
his son and daughter, who now wish
him back there, know, and they think
It cruei. Indeed, whf-n his mind, clouded
with age and the end that must come
11, approached, that he should be
away to a home he loved not.
removal caused the children who
would see him remain In the house on
the heißhta murh sorrow, and they will
continue to grieve until the law re
him to his home or time has ef-
I his memory.
OUTCOME OF A DISPUTE.
Photographer Hausler Arrested for
an Assault With a Deadly-
Weapon.
F. O. Hansler was arrested yesterday
and charged with an assault with a
deadly weapon on a warrant sworn to by
Herman Janus. The former's wife was
also arrested on a charge of battery, and
both were released on bail. The cause
of their arr<-st was the outcome of a dis
pute which occurred in Hausler's photo
graphic gallery on Market street a few
nights ago over the right to occupy a re
ception-room. The prosecutor leased
apartments leading off the gallery from
Hausler with the understanding that he
could use the elevator and reception room.
The contract was carried out until a
misunderstanding arose and Hausler de
nied them the privilege. The latter placed
a lock on the elevator, and was proceed
ing to replace the lock that had been torn
off by Janus when he was attacked by
three men. -In protecting himself he cut
■wide swaths in the air with his hatchet,
and his wife aided him in a feminine way.
The participants raised such a disturb
ance that the police were compelled to re
sort to heroic measures to quiet them. All
hands with the exception of. the lady were
removed to the City Prison,, wherecharges.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gold tmm
JOHNSON -LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
§89 Market Street, San Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
P. BUE SOUND.
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
JUNE 3—
FOR DUTCH' HARBOR. NUNIVAK ISLAND,
HOOPERS BAT, ST. MICHAEL, AND
. DAWBON CITY.
THK STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
JUNE - : .■■...'.■ .:".. "\i\
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND. DUTCH HARBOR,
NUMVAK ISLAND, HOOPERS BAY,"
ST. MICHAEL, AND DAW-
- SON CITY,
The Newly built Triple Expansion' Steamer ■•
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting 1 * at the mouth of the Putnam
River with the river steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will tranefrr passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmos.
JUNE 6-" 7
FOR ST. MICHAEL. DAWSON CITY AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The Magnificent' Steamer
MORGAN
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tona of Freight.
\ The above steamers are the • finest of tfielr
class; every comfort given to passengers: bent
table eet of any • line running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line. ,
. For Information address :: .'/.-.. -V ~. -.?::„'. :\ ■'.
JOHNHON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY,
809 Mark* at., Baa Francisco. ,
■-■•:■• .•-,..-■ .
of disturbing the peace were placed
against them.
It is understood that the troubles of the
parties are not yet over, as civil proceed
ings will soon be instituted to establish
their rights under the lease.
. » ■
IN BELLAMY'S MEMORY.
The Socialists Have Called a Mass-
Meeting to Honor the Great
Reformer.
Under the direction of Socialists, a
memorial meeting in honor of Edward
Bellamy will be held at the Turk-street
Temple on Friday evening. In order to
enable the public acquainted with, and
interested in Bellamy's work to come to
gether upon one common platform, irre
spective or religions, creeds and private
interests, to express their regard for the
dead social reformer, the socialists have
issued invitations to all the leading so
cieties of social reform in this city and
Oakland to participate and send repre
sentatives and speakers. Among them
are the following: The Ministerial Union
of San Francisco, the Theosophical Soci
ety, Young Men's Christian Association,
Young Men's Institute, Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, San Francisco
Labor Council, the Building Trades Coun
cil, Cigarmakers' International Union,
Turn Verein, Vorwaerts. Oakland Section
of the Socialist Labor party, American
Branch, Socialist Labor party, the So
cial Democracy of San Fiancisco, and the
public in general.
Appropriate musir- and songs will be
rencfered by Mrs. Whitney, Miss Aspden
and the German socialist choir. Speeches
becoming to the occasion will be made
by the various representatives.
UNIFORMS FOUND
IN CHINATOWN
MESSRS. GREEN AND ROSEN
BERG INVESTIGATE.
As There Seems to Be No Prospect of
Settling the Difficulty Here, an
Appeal Was Sent to
Washington.
The Chinatown-made uniforms are still
I occupying the attention of the labor or
ganizations, and no labor or expense will
be spared to put a stop to the practice
iof * having the clothing: made there,
i if possible. 1 ' When the representatives of
! the labor organizations interviewed the
I local authorities Friday afternoon they
were informed that no more goods were
going to Chinatown. Repeated state-
I ments to the contrary, however, made
them suspicious, and yesterday afternoon
Deputy Labor Commissioner Green and j
Ed Rosenberg, secretary of the Labor
Council, started on a tour of investiga
tion. They first visited a shop kept by i
Fay Kee, at 1020 Stockton street, where j
there were ten Chinamen busy making
soldier pants. The room was full of
bundles of cut clothing with tags at
tached from the San Francisco quarter- (
master's department, U. S. A. Mr. Rosen- !
! burg borrowed one of the tags and holds I
it as a trophy. When the workmen were
questioned they said that the proprietor
was out and no one knew when he would !
jbe back. They denied that the clothing '
i was for the soldiers, and said that they :
were making the goods to sell. The in- j
! vestlgators, however, were satisfied that
the goods were being manufactured for j
i the volunteers, and immediately sent the
following telegrams:
SAN FRANCISCO, May EB, IS9R.
Russell A. Alper, Secretary of War. Wash-"
ington, D. C— White labor of California unani
mously protests asainst Chinese labor on soldier
uniforms. If Mongolian cheapness is waived,
■white labor provision inserted In contract and |
enforced by official In charge here, measure :
would aid suffering relatives of volunteers and j
adding popularity to administration's war pol- j
icy, encourage enlistments and tend to speedy, I
successful termination of war.
ED ROSENBERG,
Secretary San Francisco Labor Council.
-SAN FRANCISCO, May 28, 1898. •
Samuel Gompere. President American Federa
tion of Labor, Washington, D. C— Work on
soldier uniforms now done mainly by Chinese.
Have sent protest to Secretary Alfi-er. Add
yours. . . ED ROSENBERG, '
Secretary Labor Council.
SCHOOL FUNDS SHOBT.
The Teachers to Have No Pay for the
Month of June.
Through the mismanagement of the
I School Board the teachers will have to go
j without their June salaries until such
I time as more money comes In from the
i taxpayers during the next fiscal year.
The report of the Finance Committee, of
] which Sam Waller is chairman, was pre
| sented to the board at a meeting on Fri
i day evening from which the following is
: a summary: Bills for supplies amounting
Ito $18,&51 40 were before the committee,
! and the bills for the month of May
and June, the last of the present fiscal
I year, are yet to come in. Teachers' May
| salaries amounted to $54,000 and of shop
; and office employes $1500, making the total
I for salaries $85.5'j0. Consequently, the de
! mands against the school fund were $104,
351 43, in addition to which must be count
ed the June salaries, $85,500, and supply
I bills, unestimated.
The Salaries Committee reported that
the returns from the State Controller
showed a surplus for the department of
$91,000. and this, with the $5i),000 stlU in
j the treasury, brought the available funds
up to $141,000 to me«t demands of $IS9,-
Ssl 4.< and supply bills. The deficit, there
fore, would reach 550,000 by the end of the
! present fiscal year, without estimating
j bills not yet before the board.
It was decided to pay May salaries in
full, but to hold out all merchants' bills
j until after the fiscal year. June salary
\ demands will be held over until the bills
i are paid in July.
INTEKCLUB TENNIS.
Tournaments at the California Club
Yesterday Afternoon.
The second interclub tennis match of
the series was played yesterday afternoon
at the California Tennis Club of this city.
The match wa? between the first teams
of both clubs. Oakland was represented
by the crack double team, Sumner Hardy
and Sain Hardy. The colors of the Cali
fornia Club were upheld by Adams and
Weihe. Oakland proved too strong: a team
for the home players, who succumbed in
three straight sets.
The first set was won in very easy fash
ion by the Oaklanders. The score. 6—o,
is a complete talo in itself. In the sec
ond set Adams ami Weihe pleiced up con
siderably, and managed to get four rajpefl,
when their hopes were suddenly aaeb.eti
to the ground by. a burst of speed on the
part of the .Hardys, which won for them
th£ second set of the match. The third
set was very much like the first, and
identical in score. The complete score
of the match was 6—o, 6—4.6 — 4. 6—o.
The junior ladies' tournament, which
was left unfinished, was completed yes
terday. Miss Eckart beat Miss Parker,
the runner-up, two out of three sets
Each contestant had a set apiece when
time was called for play. The score of
this match was 6—.?, 3— fi, fl — 4. Miss Eck
art is now the champion of the girls'
class.
The match between Joe Daily and
George Whitney and Robert N. Whitney
and George Bradshaw was postponed until
to-day. ,
A Notable Window.
For the past few years the show win
flows of "Raphaels," the clothiers, of
San Francisco, have been marvels of
originality and beauty, but probably
no effort of this house in the past has
quite equaled the unique and patriotic
design now exhibited as a memorial
to the unfortunate victims of the
Maine disaster.
Arrested on a Novel Charge.
Lewis Thors, a photographer, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant sworn to
by Emma F. Mandon on a charge of re
fusing to exhibit books of a corporation.
He was released by Judge Joachimsen.
Thors claims his arrest was instigated by
a photographer named Williams, and
that the complaining witness is the lat
ter's tool.
Hurt in a Collision.
Jefferson Powers, a livery stable keep
er, living at 2125 Mission street, while out
driving yesterday, was thrown from his
vehicle by colliding with a heavy wagon,
and Buffered a scalp wound and an abra-
Blon of the arm. He was treated at th c
City and County Hospital, and was re
moved to his home.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
WHO WILL BE
POLICE JUDGE?
Supervisors and Bosses
Lock Horns.
A DARK HORSE EXPECTED.
GAVIGAN, MOGAN, SPINETTI
Possibility That Walter Gallagher,
the Practitioner, May Be Ac
cepted by the Factions as
a Compromise.
Just now there is much speculation In
and about the new City Hall and at cer
tain political headquarters as to who will
be the police magistrate appointed by the
Board of Supervisors to succeed the late
Judge Campbell In Department L The
time is short now and next Tuesday will
ccc the wind-up.
A long and heated caucus was held on
Friday afternoon, at which no result was
had. Supervisors Clinton, Dodge and Rot
tanzi, the Democratic minority, of course
were absent. Rainey wanted Dr. Gavigan
to ornament the bench, but could only
muster four of his steady henchmen,
namely, Devany, Delany, Britt and Riv
ers. Lanigan, the thirteenth member of
the board, declared tor 12. P. Mogan, the
present prosecuting attorney of Judge
Conlan's court. He had two sturdy fol
lowers—Haskins and Sheehan.
This is only one-half of the votes of the
board and not enough to elect. Up to the
present time the two bosses have not
been able to agree upon any one candi
date who can go in with seven votes. It
is also certain that Rainey and Lanigan
will not agree upon ex-Superior Judge
Lawler, because he is not particularly to
the liking of the Chief of Police, who, it
is understood, would accept either Mogan
or Spinetti, who was prosecuting at
torney under Judge Campbell. The Chief
is now willing to accept Mogan in order
to reduce friction, and to that end Ser
geant Bethel and Detective Dillon and
others are apparently lending their aid.
In the midst of all this it is stated that
a dark horse in the person of the well
known practitioner, Walter Gallagher,
will come in as a compromise candidate.
As he is not a boss man there will be
gnashing of teeth if such a thing does
come to pass.
More Milknien in Trouble.
Health Officer J. P. Dockery is still on
the milk warpath. Yesterday he obtained
warrants tor the following on the charge
of dilution: Casper Furrer, Nevada
dairy. Porter avenue, near the Six-mile
House, Mission road; Frank Murphy, San
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NORTH BRITISH4MERICAN~CO7
LIMITED.
.. ' "•'■■' .. • . • r .
THE BANNER LINE!
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO DAWSON CITY AND FORT SELKIRK DIRECT.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14th,
THE POPULAR OCEAN STEAMER J-; .;
"CLEVELAND/
(CAPACITY 1500 TONS; ACCOMMODATION FOR 350 PASSENGERS.)
Which has been lately renovated and elaborately fitted for passenger accommoda-
tions, equal to any passenger steamer on the coast, of guaranteed speed of four-
teen knots per hour, connecting at St. Michael with the Floating Palace of the
Yukon, S. S. MARY ELLBN GALVIN,
S. S. MARY ELLEN GALVIN,
E. S. MORINE, MASTER. ■
(LENGTH 200 FEET, BEAM 40 FEET, DRAFT 18 INCHES— WILL ACCOMMO-
DATE 435 PASSENGERS.) 'W««u
This steamer is fitted with 1260-horsepower engines, 10,000-candle-po'wer search-
light, electric lights throughout, hot and cold water service all through the boat
ladies' and gents' baths, steam steering gear, piano, social hall, comfortable smok-
ing-room, besides mosquito-proof windows and doors. Speed twenty knots per hour
The construction of this steamer has been supervised by experienced Yukon 1
River navigators.
Special attention has been paid to the selection of only flrst-class Yukon pilots
so that those procuring passage are assured of earliest possible arrival at Dawson
or Fort Selkirk.
Rates as low as any competing first-class line, with liberal allowance of bag-
gage. -■"'.--'
Mr. Pat Galvin, president of the company, has established warehouses and
trading posts on the Yukon River for the accommodation of passengers via tho
Banner Line.
Stewardess will accompany steamer.
Cabin and table unsurpassed.
Sailing date of other steamers to be named later.
For tickets and freight and full Information call on or address,
305 Market Street,
TELEPHONE CLAY 20;2,
Or J. G. McCALL, General Passenger and Freight Agent,
46 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ONE BLOCK FROM FERRY. JOSEPH BELL. Vice-President
PAT GALVIN, President. J. C. BESLEY, Traffic Manager!
MEN!
Many of you are drifting on a shoreless sea,
far from a harbor of safety. Such negligence
Is criminal. : Time is indeed precious to such
men. It means more than money. It means
more than the wealth of .all the world. Thous-
ands of reasons have been dethroned by such
neglect, and many pitiable wrecks of human
beings line the wayside, the results of neglect.
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID to Dr.
Meyers & Co. of 731 Market street, UNTIL
CURE IS EFFECTED.
If you have lan ailment recently contracted.
lor which ha 3 become dangerous or ohronio
through bad treatment, or a weakness that Is
I robbing you of Manhood and Self-Respect, you
should consult the physicians of Dr. Meyers
& Co.'s institute. They can cure and restore
! you quickly and permanently.
CONSULTATION "AND ADVICE FREE BT
, MAIL or at office: Send for "Greatest 'Boole
Ever Published for Men."
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
| ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET - STREET.
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-11.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
i Bore Muscles. Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
| ache, Headache, Toothuche, .Rheumatism,^ N«u-
j ralgla, Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Paln». Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. AU drug-
i «lat*- • ; - '
Francisco cream depot. Sixteenth and
Mission streets; S. L. Bacher, Bay View,
South San Francisco; L. Anthenin, Green
Mountain dairy. University Mound.
In future Inspector Dockey will carry
his milk test with him on his midnight
raids and instead of taking samples as he
now does he will, if he hnds the milk doc
tored dump the entire contents of the
cans in the gutter. This will prevent the
delivery of any inferior milk to the cus
tomers, while the tests are being made
in the office as is now the custom.
A GROOM'S SUICIDE.
Joseph Walton of Wales Ends His
Life by Swallowing Car
bolic Acid.
Joseph Walton, a groom, committed sui
cide yesterday afternoon by swallowing
carbolic acid.
The deceased, judging from a letter left
to a friend and now in possession of the
Coroner, was a man educated far above
his station in life and comes from a good
family in Wales. He was a native of that
country and 30 years old. He had been
in the service of George A. Pope, of 1516
Jackson street, for several months, and
his best friend, Alexander Dellow, did not
even suspect that the young man har
bored a thought of making away with
himself. Delluw went to Walton's room
at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon to carry
an order to him, and found him lying on
his bed dead. A bottle which had con
tained carbolic acid and a letter were ly
ing on the table. The following Is the let
ter:
Dear Alice: I am more than sorry to leave
you like this, but I can't help It. All my be
ionglnss I leave to you for your kindness to
me. I wish you would <3o one tiling for me,
and that Is to write to my home and say what
has happened to me. The address is: The
Raven, Welshford, Mount Somersetshire, North
"Wales.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
an inquest will be held.
Alaska Literature.
The Johnson-Locke Mercantile Com
pany has just issued a very attractive
pamphlet on Alaska, with numerous
illustrations. It contains a large
amount of necessary information for
intending gold hunters, and incident
ally advertises the lines of transporta
tion represented by the firm.
The subject matter was prepared by
Walter B. Cooke of the Argonaut, and
is a credit to his abilities as a writer.
Pickpockets Make a Haul.
The ever present pickpocket plied his
nefarious calling at the butchers' picnic,
despite the efforts of the police to pre
vent his presence. H. Heidorn, of 973
Harrison street, reported to the police
yesterday that his pocketbook had been
taken from him by a nimble fingered
member of the profession. It contained
six $L'O gold pieces, one $50 greenback, a
gold coin and and a gold ring:.
"Old Friends" will picnic at Sausalito
to-morrow. •
Divorce Suits Filed,
Melchior Staehli has applied for a di
vorce from Helene Staehli, alleging de
sertion as a cause of action. Suits for
I divorce on the ground of failure to pro-
I vide were Hied by Louise Knowlton
i apralnst Thomas J. Knowiton aftd Marie
i Koehler against Hiiro Koehler.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
I or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DAWSON CITY!
S. HUMBOLDT
SAILS JUNE 1O
DIRECT FOR
ST. MICHAELS, VIA SEATTLE,
Connecting with fleet of
SIX river BOATS,
Which insures a through trans-
portation with no delays. . i : X?\l:
250 lbs. Free and No Limit to Outfit,
RATES POPULAR. \
APPLYTO
JNO. A. MAGEE JR., General Agent,
310 Clay St., San Francisco.
Phone Mum 1779.
Seattle Afeent: E. E. CAIINE. Arlington,
Dock, and 105 Yesley Way. '
■ " •-:
Are notteyejrlassvjioses,. but if yoa
, want to wear. a nose-glass and have
it held on comfortably by improved
cuards the best place to go to is
OPTIC.ANS< Ho >PH«^^..
UHULIANi pHOToCBp H0ToC B^ ScjEMT|FjC •
642 Market [ st. instruments
uriDC* CMOniCLt BuitOmb f
i .■■-.- • f , . ~^~~~~ "
K£?fS DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
■jjT PE^S Five hundred reward for any case
■Ml Biafca wp cannot cure. This secret remeJy
i'^""> H stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
B B9 Kmissions, Jmpotency, Varicocele,
fy?n W?fn <»onorrhoea, Gleet, Flt3, Strictures,
Ck&m i4«AJ I-^)Rt Manho«-id and all wasting ef-
KwS SBM ft'cts of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■■eK sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, U>, guar-
anteed to cure.^Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway, : Oakland, Cal. Alao
for Bale, at 1073^ Market • St., 8. ■ F. • All prt-
vata diseases aulcldy cured. Send tor tree book.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
. *
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and . Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged. "
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shulfltboard, Liver" and Burros for
the children.
RATES— and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, CaL
" Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC_ ISLAND !
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dar.cing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; o±flc!ent
management. .'-;'•->•
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID AIUtANGEMENT
• v for campers.
- Full information, rates and Illustrated pam-
pnletx.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, CaL
SARATOGA SPEINGS.
Uake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
ot access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS, Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
. Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F.. JS; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
For terms' and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON, Ilanager.
PI/ I P HOTSPKINGS, SonomvCo
\R UllilN Only ** hours from S. F. and
JIinUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
n State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain ecenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers* room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
•ound trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon.
rerry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
lay or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of tha
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thla delightful watering: place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot ana cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water ' fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, ?10.
■ uc JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet:
Bwimroing tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: cnalybpate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hour a from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Angwln. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
■■— - - ■
Finest flshingjind health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Sisklyou County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcte; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walk 3; . pure
upring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. , The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sar.f'arlum, St. Heiena. Cal.
CALAyERAS_BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare S. F. "to Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 30 Montgomery street.
HILLSIDE F-/\R/V\.
Ffne spring water, fresh bnttfr. epg* and
milk- magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates $7 to $9 per wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. Napa. Cal.
h^rbinThot sulphur springs.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
dieeases cured in marvelously short time: kid-
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved; rates $10 to $18
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HATS, Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold batb.3; fur-
nished cottacres: terir.s $10 to *'2 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor, Hopland. Ctl.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing ."ree:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip, $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa, Cal.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation 6»>07 feeet, opens June
1. Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
K. R. rates, $13 60 for ROUND TRIP. J. 8.
L.IBUY. room 2, Flood building. Ban Fraaciico.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and ;
th LI e N£ NORTH PACIFIC R'Y j
(Tha Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, ' pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of -which there are over 200. well |
stocked with trout.
If you want ,to drink health-giving waters ;
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resortu.
If you want to enjoy the V.oire life of a j
ranch there are many ranchers who will ba i
glad to have you. :..'.:;
Camping grounds are free.
. At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers j
charges are reasonable. 1 ;-^-'4- ; 'r
For detailed information apply at Ticket j
Office. 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or |
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San- |
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent. •
A. W. . FOSTER. President and General ;
Manager.
CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma !
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek j
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For ' detailed Information apply at . Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome !
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent. ..'
3 A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager. . ■" ..
■■: ■' - HOTEL - • • ■'■>"•■-
METROPOLE,
»T -lii OAKLAND,
/J£so^s2fa 13th and Jefferson Sts.
Only 35 minutes
from San-Fran-
VaSM^DVinm a desirable resort for
•*Sig*E2y3F Families, Travelers
and Tourists.
-PP, , •-■ An ideal - place . for rest,
/J!J«-^— *■» recreation s.nd health.
/IP Til >fl ' Naturally - warm mlnera
/"fivllllJL water in swimming tank
■*■ •'***'• and tub baths. No stag
ing — private r!g meet
fy - • train at St. Helena. Round
W tffftffl tYC trl P tickets. $7. Rates. $10
jprinifS' 12 $i4aw —
JT O W. L.' MITCHTXL,
Manager. Lidell, Napa
S. F. Agent, - County, Cal.
F. V. OWEN. Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spat to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds Find careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of .an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It is
clean, ' no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, .Virginia City, before June 1, wben Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from . San Franciico.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel . an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs. _ tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming L.ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph. ■ etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. • R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz. Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
2 hours from S. F.. 40 minutes ■ from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by-electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing:
finest hall and .dining-room- in - Santa Cruz
Mts. ; club,' billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and ' telegraph service. ! Round trip, I $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South . Ben
Lomond. . ' •••■-..■. _y -
.--..--•■ (
/T T\ C.nnn TliriT And good treat-
/;! W UUUD LUwK ment go hand In
Ufionn at HOTEL GISELMAN,
UUUII LIVK ment go hand la
hand at HOTEL GISELMAK.
l\ M Lakeport> Cal.
A. H. SPUR R, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE, ■',■'
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
3ood trout fishing, . plenty fruit, cream and
nilk; free conveyance for parties of two or
-nore: grand ledwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
ipply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F-, for. par-
ticulars. '- ■ ' - '
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
rehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
■nilca; fare, $6 45; daily Ftage to spring*. 9
■nlles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnish*'!
•ottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postoffice
n hotel: rates. $10 and up; rend for book of
nformation and testimonials. \ ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor. ■■ -. -: .- ■ --. ■-•■ - .■■
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIfvGS HOTEL, '
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
iron ferry. AVarm mineral swimming and: tub
aaths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
lished. ' Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
>13 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
KNTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
ZaX.- -- --■ - ' , .
HOTEL BENVENUE, '
. Lakeport, Cal. ;;■ :
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; tins
arge grounds; ' special facilities for families
mdi children; home cooking; ■ boating., bathing,
Ishlng; rates reasonable. Address. FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. '
SODA BAY RESORT.
' Most ■ delightful ' spot in Lake County; hunt-
ng, fishing, boating, swimming;,' table • sup-
illcd with best market affords. Address HEATH
1 BURLINGAME, ' Proprietors. Soda Bay,
velseyville. Lake County, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Eanta Cruz Mounuins, . flrst-cl&ss ' family re-
ort; cottages, , tents, hunting and . fishing; ar-
lficial . lake for boating and swimming; long
llstance telephone; camper*' return ticket!
2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAE&TKRS.
jieawocd. Cal* :: ; . .■;.•:. ..
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA. -■
Otto E. Never Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED J
MANAGEMENT. "vV;
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINQS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For information ca!l or write W. M. COW-
ARD, 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER. ~
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAI*
springs in America; all idnds of amuse- .
ments; new ewimraing tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of he redwoods, t
miles from . Glenwood, county of Santa Croz. .
Magnificent mountain scenery; t rvatlon 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing, f
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottage* for families. Stage fare, 50c,'
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood. .
iss\\\r a r*rv springs.
tl I 9 W A Ft 11 LAKE COUNTY
** ¥ " ■ r V*^ JL * LAKE COUNf V
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, JB. $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 619
Market street. ' - ;
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
CARLSBAD!
MOST- BEAtJTirCL SPOI IN LAKB COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $3 to $10 per we-k:
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntinr on property. For particulars -'rite W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake Conr.ty.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all points of interest on or near
the lake. TSoats fr-»e to guests. For circular'
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO., Bijou
Postoffice, Cal. ■ ' ' '
■Bf TOCALOMA. MM c \ riß
BERTRfIND HOTEL. .
First - class accommodations; reasonable'
rates: fishing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley, ;
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or 221 Kearny st. i
MONTE; VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs oC
pure, soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN, Monte Vista. Dutch
Flat. Placer County, Cal. 1
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS,
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
■ ■.■ LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New ■ management. Beautifully j
situated on Upper Blue Lake, Lake.- Co., Cal. ;
L,eave S. F. 7 a. m., arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Wishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
•ior table. Chicken dinners Sunday. Wednesday
md Friday. Ten.is, $7 to $10 t>er week.
iV. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P.- P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
MENLO PARK residence furnished to rent
for the summer or for a year; contains 17
rooms, 5 baths, all perfect condition; sum- .
mer houses: flowers, vegetable garden: fruits;
shade trees, etc.; tas, with electric lighting
in house and grounds ; horses, carriages and
cows if desired. Terms ton application to
JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent, -420
Montgomery st. ■ ' .-
3OARD en ranch 1 mile from station; 2000 feet
elevation; good board and beds; $6 per week;
round trlpfrom S. F. $3; free drives. Ad-
dress Redwood Grove, Occidental, Sonoma On.
VRITE W. H. MILLER, Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money. ,
VRITE SMITH, & HILL. Ukiah. for j l!very
accommodations to springs in Lake and Men-
doclno -counties to save money.
Ciic-.tKstfi-'e EnxUah Diamond BranJ. *'-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_ <ff*y - . ' Original and Only Ceunlne. •■- ■A, -.-:
>-./*liJ*^ s»n, »lw»y» reliable. t*Dtc» uk
f'J^i «AvW>l I'ru:nU» fcr Chic\etter* English Dfa-itfVY'
LJ*i&Xjl£hm,m<i Brand In Ued »ad Gold m»;a!l!o\w7
T-v TwjHhoxfa. inlti with t>Ke ribbon. Take Vi/
T*l i»S» HvOjno ethvr. Refute dangrront nulstim- V ■
|"l — . tiara and imitationt. AtDrag^iti,oriend4«."-
■ I • ■S ' n I '-» m P* for rartieolari, tntimoniila »nl
\C* ' 'XT "Krllef for t«<H*«," in letter, by retnm
Jk fir . Slail. - 10,000 Twtlrooniali. i JT«n« Paper.
rckli-»ie»ter Chemical 00., M ndtko* Bqiar.,
bid bj all Lee»: DraoMa, . ■-.--. PI!M. VPA., i'^»
DR.MGOTLTY.
T»HrM WEr.LKXOWM AND RKLIABLE OLtl
J. l > rivat-'>,N>rvous,?iiooclainJSkia t
Diseasesof Men only. Manly Power restored. Orer
20years* experience. Send for Book.free. ' j'atients
znredat Home. Terms reasonable. Honrs, 9 to S
Jally;6:3o to S.SOev'gs. Saridays, 10 to 12. Consulta- ■-
tlonfree and sacredly conUdentia 1 .. Call or address
SSSSr. BOSCOE M«\l'jL, TV, M. I>-j"*^S
*6>^ Iteorny Street. San Franciicit. P b|.
;^. WONG WOO,
■f^% CHINESE TEA AND HERB
£WONG WOO, s
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM,
r 1; -5E^^' ; - 78 *" 8 a CLAY ST., Ban Franciaeo,O*l
,/asßawa* All diseases cured exclualva-
Ktf?Sp?XJW ly by Chinese herbs, over 8000
Ww%B*f i»* varieties being used. ADVICB
REE. Hours, »:30 to 11 a. in., I to I «uid lU|
p. m.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL..
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets. x>pen
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357- Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1641 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. •: ' -^ ..-. -'-:
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526' Mission street: open until 9 o'clock..
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW, corner Twenty-second and. Kentucky
streets ; " open until 9 o'clock.
CHIKCH NOTICES.
FIRST ChureTi of. [Christ. Scientist, Central
■ block 223 Sutter St., between Kearny and
Grant aye.-At 11 a. m.. Christian Science
Bible lessons: subject, "Jesus' Last Observ-
a nce of the Eassover." Sunday school for
children at the same hour. "Science and
Health" study Thursday at S p. m. All are
welcome. _j
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, comer Powell
and Geary sts., Hey. John HemphUl, D. 1).,
pastor Services at U a. m. and 7:tr. p. m.
Professor W. H. Landon. D. ]>.. will preach
morning and .venlng. Topic (a. m.). "Peace
Through War," a Memorial Day sermon.
Topic (p. in.), "Messiah's Messenger." Chil-
dren may be presented- for baptism at tlie
beginning of the morning service. Music (a.
m.). "Recessional Hymn," Rudyard Kipling;
"De Koven," barytone solo, Louis Weer, with
chorus by choir; offertory, "Save Me, O God"
(Randegger), tenor solo. Willis Bacheller.
Music (p. m.), anthem. "I Am Alpha and
Omega" (J. Stelner). bass solo and chorus;
offertory, "I'm a Pilgrim" (Marston), alto
solo and quartet, Mrs. Sedgley Reynolds. All
are made welcome.
iIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts..
Rev. John ' Stephens, pastor, residence 309
Halght st.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Toplo at 11 a. m., "Crowned With Glory and
Honor." At 7:45 p. m.. "The Mission of the
English-Speaking Race." Sunday-school at
12-30 p. m., C. B. Perkins, superintendent.
Epworth Leage meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-
meetlng, Wednesday evening at 7:4 a. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seat 3 free. Ushers In attend-
ance.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts. 11-v. J. N.
Beard D.D.. pastor; residence. SlbS Twenty-
fi-=t Bt The pastor will preach morning and
evening. Morning sermon. 11 a. m.j subject.
"Life's Plans"; evening sermon, >:4j o clocK ;
subject. "Two Wars— Civil and Foreign
Sunday school. 12:45 p. m. ; J. ,E. Pescott.
superintendent. Epworth League service,
C3O p. m. Class meetings, 10 a. m. and
(5:30 p m Prayer meeting, Wednesday even-
ing. Seats free and everybody welcome at
all of our services. -
ST PAUL'S Episcopal Church, California St.,
■ near Steiner— Rector, Rev. W. M. Rellly.
Holy communion at 7:30 a. m. Children s
service, with sermon, at 9:30. Morning
' prayer, sermon by the rector and holy com-
munion at 11. At 7:45 P. m. Whitsunday
choral even sone by vested choir of men
women and boys. David W. Loring. musical
director; J. B. Warburton. organist.
CHURCH of the Advent, Eleventh St., near i
Market— Morning service at 11 o'clock. Special I
musical service In the evening at 7:40. at ,
which senice the entire offering will be do- j
nated to the Red Cross Society. Patriotic
' music by the full vested choir of fifty men ;
• and boys. Address by the rector. Archdeacon
Emery- -"« public invited. All seats free.
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.. Rev. Dr. Stebblns
minister; Charles A. Murdock. superintendent
of Sunday-school-The Sunday-schoo is at 10
o'clock. .The morning service Is at 11 o clock.
All are cordially invited. There Is no even-
ing service.
THE Second Unitarian Church. Twentieth and
Carp sts.-A. J. Wells, pastor. Horatio Steb-
blns D.D.. will preach at 11 a. m. At Bp. m.
Mr. Wells will speak on "The War for Hu-
manity." a memorial sermon. Seats are free.
SundaY-school at 10 a. m.. Festival and sale
with tableaux. Thursday and Friday after-
noons and evenings. June 2 and 3. Pas-
tor's residence. 924 Valencia st.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts.— George C. Adams. D.D.,.
pastor, will preach morning and evening,
morning service, 11 o'clock'; theme. 'Peter s
Catalogue"; evening service r:46 o clock, a
national and memorial Bervtce in commem-
oration of Decoration Day: appropriate se-
lections by the choir, assisted by the Masonic
quartet, who will render familiar war songs;
sermon by the pastor: theme. The Pres-
ent War and Manifest Destiny ; Sunday
school and Bible classes at 12:45 p. m : Y.
P S. C. E.. 6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer,
organist and choirmaster.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Cl t : 3 4°
Post Pleaching 11 a. m. by Fred B.
Blair of Lamoni: at 7:45 p. m., by H. Holt,
missionary to Oregon. •_ ;
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
Cramer, pastor— Subject of discourse, "Don. t
Worry " Services at 11 a. m. in Yosemlte
Hall " Native Sons' building. Mason St., be-
tween Post and Geary. Take elevator. All
are welcome. ___
THE Theosophical Society of "Universal
Brotherhood." 819- Market -Lecture to-
night "Capital Punishment. by H. 11.
Somers: subject Tuesday night. The Ego.
The International Brotherhood League meets
Saturday night. Subject next Saturday.
"Education."
•nrEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at R o'clock. Odd Fellows' building.
Subject: "Crosses^ by Mr. Will C. Bailey.
The collection on this occasion will be glvon
over to the Red Cross Society.
~ PAT MEETINGS.
FREETHOUGHT. LIBERALISM.
Pythian Castle. 909 Market st., 8 p. m.,
George Sawkins, B. A., remarks on
GLORY.
Great theologico-astronomlcal discourse No.lo.
. THE GOSPEL MENAGERIE.
. Introducing Mr. Evangelist Mat Thew and
his trained lion. - '
DR M MUEH_wBRUCH reads articles,
gives messages, answers questions; fectura,
Charles J. Anderson, the boy orator, aged 17;
909 Market St.. 8 p. m.. San Francisco. Doctor
holds circles Tuesday evenings at his parlors,
Brunswick Hotel, Oakland. ■
BOCIETT of Progresslx'e Spiritullista, Occi-
dental Hall. MG Larkln st.-SunJay .evening.
May 29. Mrs. R. S. Llllie. speaker; subject.
"The Golden Year of Spiritualism. Song
service at 7:45 sharp, introducing Mrs LU-
lle's new Jubilee. song book. Admission 10c.
MRS WEST, clairvoyant trance medium:
magnetic treatments; card readings, 25c; 462
Ninth Ft.. Henry House, room 9; readings by
mail. $1 50. ,
JOHN SLATER, grand floral test seance to-
. night at s sharp, 909 Market St.; bring flow-
ers. Admission 10 cents.
XinDriunes TTplritualT TpIritual Society. 909 Market
st 11 free; 2-S. 10c; Dr. Carpenter. Mrs.
Seily Vipers': all tests.
SPIRITUAL meeting, 8 p. m. 20 Eddy st :
free- scaled questions and flcwers preferred.
MRS. GILLINGHAM.
AT 111 Larkin st,. to-night. Katie Heussmann's
publieTwt meeting; sittings dally. 115 Frank-
lin Et.; 25 cents. -
T7ST meeting. 8 p. m., 10c. 335 McAllister st.
SUtt Nita Meakln. Hargrave. Evens, But-
ler, others.
MRS. EGGEKT AI7KEN will give a circle
to-night. 220 McAllister St.; 25c: sittings
dally. . • .
■>T_5Tl3 REYNOLDS, materializing seance;
E PvTnday 2 and 8 p. m.; 50c. 322 O'Farrell st.
ifRS. FULTON TULET. -materializing seance;
"jj^jepdayj.lght: 50c; sittings. 1013 Geary st.
™<; T meeting. 997 Market St.. to-night; ques-
ttons "ans. Mrk wrcnn; other good talent; 10c -
i IMF YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlgnu 10c. ■'■•"•• McAllister st. fine music.
r V MILLER, ethereallzinft materializing se-
ance, 8 p! m :^joc___)9__Leavenworth s_.
MR~S~m7xWELL COLBY. 122* Oak Bt^slt-
tincf dnllv: circles Saturday evenings^ ._
MEETING NOTICES.
IRISH Nationalists' Grand Literary v
and musical Mtertainment In Metro- V"
. jioMtan Temple, on TUESDAY EVEN II v.
ING Jnne 21, celebrating the one ■ %Jljf )
hundred and thirty-fifth anniversary "<**r
of Wolfe Tone's birthday, under the itus-
pices of the Kniphts of Tara. REV. PETER
_ YORKE orator. The committee having
chanc* will meet at K. R. B. hall to-morrow
(Monday) evening. ' ■
OFFICERS and members Austrian Be- -_J>
nevolent Society, you are hereby no- |j__— _|
tifled to assemble at Germanla Gar- Sflßp
dens, Presidio. THIS DAY (SUN- PixJß
DAY). 10 a. m., sharp, to partlci-
.pate in twenty-eighth'annual picnic and re-
union. By order M. SCANATICH.
A. CONNICH, . Secretary. President. '
TWENTY-EIGHTH annual picnic and kV__^
jvunlon of the Austrian Benevolent f&Xtt
Society will be held at German «Hffij_f
Gardens, Presidio, SUNDAY. May i?£2§>
29. COMMITTEE. XV
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering . -cf *.
and srames of the Caledonian Club 3V, imJij
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, " i_*X_*
SATURDAY. May 28. -**-snWT.
.' JOHN REID. Chief.
• JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec. ■•-■-■
ORDER Sons of St. George ■ __flyv»
Picnic — The eleventh annual f^pGitSJ ■
-- picnic will be held at Glen- r q\_ r ._
' wood, in the Santa Cruz [ VV; "k^
Mountains, on : MONDAY, .__rX/__V--^V
May SO. There will be prizes B\ IT^Sf
and : games for . the old and M . \JJP*L^/
. the young. Remember the /_©2Ss___
good time we had last year. s _P'
Tickets— Adults, $1: children, 50 cents. Leave
narrow gau_e at 7:45 and 5;45.- '..-■■ : -
- ; JAMES HALL, President
FUANK WINTERBURN. Secretary. • " ■ •
- * _■
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
S*.N FRANCISCO No. 1. National Association
Stationary Engineers, 20 Eddy st.— Members
are hereby notified that there will be nomina-
tion and election of doorkeeper TUESDAY
EVENING NEXT. C. C. ELSASSER,
W. T. BONNEY. Secretary. President.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
.CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5680.
MISS LESSER, genuine massage and vapor
treatments. 124 Sixth st., room 2.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market; parlors 11 and It.
Turkish baths and massage treatment. -
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East—
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS. Grant aye.. cor. Geary,
room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
■ baths. 154 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16. ;
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and j
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. ■ j
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet ;
baths. 120^ Geary St.. room 11. ;
ELEVENTH; 10G— Branch office of The Call, i
Subscriptions and ads taken.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
rheumatism. I<V.i Grant aye.. room 4.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8. j
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2808 24th.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub- i
scrlptlons and want ads taken. ;
~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wl.i be payable at the office of the
company. 827 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, June 1. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. May 2«. 0£»8» at *
o'clock p. m.
_. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
LADIES in need of help will find that we have
on hand a. supply of cooks, houseglrls. seo-
ond girls, nureeglrls, etc. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged woman
to do general housework; is a good cook,
washer and ironer; wages from $10 to $12 per ;
month; city or country. Address 924 ash- j
lngton St.. City. ■ |
REFINED, capable young woman; will work j
In any capacity; doctor's office, lady's com-
panion, invalid's attendant or assist in house- I
work; good reader, sewer; references. Box
4476, Call office. .
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do waiting I
and second work. 122 1 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth. - j
COMPETENT young woman; very good cook; j
neat and thorough houseworker; small fam-
ily; wages |20. Box 4498. Call office.
TWO girls from the East want places for
housework and experienced children's nurse.
411 Fourth st.
I WIDOW would like two children to board;
I good home and care. 51 Clara st.
POSITION wanted as restaurant cashier or
I saleslady by a young lady of good at> i
pearance, with some knowledge of book- (
keeping; can furnish recommendations. Ad-
! dress H. D. 'J.. box 4527. this office.
, COMPETENT young woman wishes to secure |
a permanent situation to care for children; j
will assist with studies; can do upstairs work; ■
will travel or go short distance in country;
references; wa_»s $25. Call or address 701
• Stockton St.. cor. California.
BY a young lady, position as stenographer and
typewriter; experienced; best of references.
Address box 4475. Call office.
WANTED— Work by the day; take care of sick;
any kind of work. Call for 1 week at 1311 I
Broderick Bt. . . _^__
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
60c a day. M. C, 304 Fifth St., upstairs.
REFINED young lady would like position aa
dompanion; traveling or at home. Address i
box 4471. Call office. j
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes place to do |
general housework; is good cook: will work
for moderate wages; city or country; no pos- j
tal cards, 10 Stockton place, between Stock-
ton et. and Grant aye.
WANTED— Position as seamstress by a compe-
tent middle-aged German dressmaker, or to
take charge of a shop; city or country. Call
or address 1821 . Mason st. j
WOMAN wishes to do work in the city or
country. Call 337 Howard St.. room 53.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; tailor suits a specialty; $1 50
per day; city or country. Address box 4560,
Call Office^ -
YOUNG girl wishes place at light housework.
Call 626 Eddy St., two days.
WANTED— a competent woman, a few
days' work. at house-cleaning or office clean-
Ing. Address box 4460, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as second girl. 86S Mis-
sion st. : no postals answered.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by the
day in families; reliable; terms $1 60 per
day. Address Dressmaker, box 4462. Call.
DRESSMAKER, good fitter and cutter, would
like engagements by the day; tailor suits a
specialty. 1369 Sacramento St., between Hyde
and Leavenworth. ■
AMERICAN woman wants to work In a small
. family to do good plain cooking; no washing;
no children; references. Call at 245 Natoma.
AN elderly lady wishes family sewing and
mending a day or two each week; If perma-
nent generally useful; terms low. 3020
Twenty-sixth St., corner Alabama.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position to
care for sick lady 'or could do light house-
work: city preferred. Box 4448, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as
housekeeper In private family or hotel; best
of references. Address 351 Hayes Bt.
WOMAN wants work of any kind at home or |
by the day; will do washing, cleaning, plain
sewing. Apply Children's Day Home, 110
Hayes st. ii-..-^.'
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleanlng. Please call 614 Birch aye.
WOMAN, with a child 5 years old, desires a
situation; Is a good French cook and house-
keeper. Box C. F., Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG Protestant woman wishes general
housework: Is ■ trustworthy and competent;
wages moderate; references. Please call 992
Noe st., near Twenty-third.
EASTERN lady wishes position to work in
country or do housekeeping. 45 Minna St.,
between First and Second.
MEXICAN girl, speaking English and Spanish,
wishes position to mind child or do light
housework. Box 4507, Call office. .
POSITION, wanted as working housekeeper;
kind to children. Box 4608, Call office.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation in hotel or
boarding-house; references; first-class cook.
Call or address 92T% Washington St., M. S.
RUTLEDGE. •
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day: terms $150 ray; ref. 505 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at heme. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
Kon ft. " ■■ -••'•-'
SITUATIONS : WAXTED-MALB.
EMPLOYERS OF COOKS, waiters, bakers,
etc , will find It to their advantage to secure
euch through J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento .st. . :
FIRST-CLASS help with the best of references.
Call, at LEON ANDRE'S, 316 Sfocktoh st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V. O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese <estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1H97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE first cook wants - position -■ to do
light wnik: has good recommendations and
speaks well. Address S. G., box 4473. Call.
! SITUATION wanted with large lumber, ship-
ping or manufacturing establishment by man
; of 33, who has had considerable general busi-
ness experience and can furnish first-class
references; position : with opportunity for ad-
vancement desired rnth"T- thnn salary. Ad-
dress C. W., box 4191. Call office.
SITUATION wanted at a mine by. practical
assayer . and accountant: also competent to
do surveying and run simple machinery; can
furnish assay outfit If desired. Address C.
S., box 4492, Call office. . . :
SITUATION by young man In office or col-
lecting; references and bond. - E. C, 126 Ellis.
WANTED— By a first-class man of middle age,
- as coachman and gardener; thoroughly un-
derstands his - business; . can milk and make
himself useful; best of city reference. Ad-
dress JOHN, box 4494, Call office.
COACHMAN • wants position; j thorough horse-
man; single;- total abstainer; city or country;
. best reference. Box 4496,. Call office. ;}., . ■_•
WANTED— By man and wife, position as Jani-
• tors; good references.* ' Address J. M., box
■4458, Call office. ■ --. '-,,., ■
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants situation;
small washirg. cooking; city, 'country; fam-
■ ily: ■ good references. ; - S. . X., 615 V. Dupont st.
AMERICAN .nan and wife would like to take
' charge of gentleman's place in country. Call
or address P. F.. 521 Howard , st.. . in ; bakery.
ASSAYER' fit 10 years' : practical experience ' de-
j sires a p/«eltlon of some kind in his line; will
go to arjr place. Address box 4487, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman, - good • education, ' French,
German. -Dutch, English and .- Spanish, - ac-
quainted' ■■' with - principles of . bookkeeping,
:: wishes' situation: small I remuneration. ■- Ad-
dress box 4486, CaJl office- - .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
GOOD French gardener wishes position on
private place; city reference.. 1125 . Stockton.
GARDENER-A first-class gardener with good
references wishes a steady situation. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 4517. Call office.
YOUNG German 24 years old wishes work of
any kind: as waiter, driver or anything;
worked 14 months at the last place. Address
box 4461, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
man about . place or to do porter or Janitor
work; city or country. Box 4449. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a Dane, aged 60; was
working 14 years in Oakland as coachman;
gardener or man about place: has some ex-
perience In cooking, baking and housework ;
Is a total abstainer; left, last place for
Alaska; good references. Call or address 331
Kearny St., room . 36. ; - ■ -
GERMAN, strictly, sober and reliable, wants
situation aa man about place or as porter;
good with horses: handy with tools; good
references. Box 4504. Call office.
POSITION desired by thorough double entry
bookkeeper of 15 years' experience; wh» also
understands telegraphy;, married; age 33
| years. Box 5624. Call office.
MACHINIST and tool maker accustomed to
Jigs and tools for the production of duplicate-
parts, turret tools, dies, etc. Address box
4502, Call office.
WANTED— A position as traveling salesman;
very best of references given. Box 4506. Call.
YOUNG man 21 years of age desires position,
wholesale house preferred; 4 years In last
place; will give references. Address box 4022,
Call office. .
YOUNG man wants employment evenings and
Sundays; willing to do anything; can furnish
excellent references. Address M. F. J., box
4514. Call office. ' 'v^Nv
CARPET-LAYER wishes situation; furniture
store or will go out by day; cleans and relays
carpets $1 60 per day. Addreso 2211 San An-
tonio . aye., Alameda. ' ''-. "V^v---
SCANDINAVIAN gardener, 85 years old. «Ingl«.
desires a position; flrst-claas references. Ad-
dress 1322 Tenth St., Oakland.
WATCHMAKER and engraver, first class,
wants position with first-class house. C. C.
WATSON, care International Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook in hotel, European
plan; also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
, perience. Address box 4526, Call office.
TO Butchers— A young man seeks employment
In the country: shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. LINES. 65S Folsqm St..
near Third. •
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4563, Call.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horseman; can milk;
good references; small wages. Box 4557, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry. ; . a-:--.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
ranch cooks and housework girls for the coun-
try $15 and $20. MURRAY _ READY, 634
and 636 . Clay st.
PANTRY '• girl, $25; middle-aged woman for
German cooking In summer resort. $30; hotel
cook, resort, $25; hotel cook, city, $25; 6 wait-
resses for country hotels and summer resortsj
3 restaurant waitresses, city and country, $5
and $6. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK and house girl for small private family,
Reno Nev.; no washing; no baking. C. K.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary st.
60 HOUSE girls for city and country. $15. $20,
$26- also second girls, nurse girls and young
girls to assist. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
; Geary st.
SEVERAL salesladies, office clerks, hotel and
shop hands to-day. 313 Buah t>t. ,
SALESWOMAN, dry goods, and also for glove
department; good reterences. 1239 Market st.
HOTEL, shop, office and store clerks. Ladles'
Exchange; strictly confidential; 1239 Market.
LADIES' private secretary, managing hotel
housekeeper, north, to-day. • 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER, first-class double entry and
correspondent; position of trust. 313 Bush st.
CARE taker gentleman's place during summer;
care house and put up fruit. 313 Bush St.
CHARGE of fashionable rooming house, giving
6 o'clock dinner. 313 Bush st.
LADY, charge of department, to visit branch
offices: confidential. 313 Bush st. -j
WOMAN for light housework; must sleep
home. Call 2116 Devisadero, nr. Sacramento.
WANTED— An elderly woman or young girl
to mind baby and assist in light housework;
good home. Call 101 l Geary st.
GIRL for llg-ht housework and assist with
baby, $10. 1666 Fell St. -■
WOMAN between 21 and 34 for light house-
work; good home: fair pay for right party.
Call for one week, 116 Taylor st. ;
LADIES earn $8 weekly doing needlework at
home; no canvassing; inclose -addressed
stamped envelope for reply. Standard Nov-
elty Co.. 101 Beekman st., New York.
LADIES earn $8 weekly doing needle | work at
home; no canvassing; . inclose -addressed
stamped envelope for reply. Standard Nov-
elty Co.. 101 Beekman st., New York.
100 EXPERIENCED operators on shirts, duck
coats and pants. NEWBAUER BROTHERS,
IS First st. .
GIRL wanted, general housework, small fam-
ily; wages $15; references. 1668 Fell st.
YOUNG -girl to assist at general housework in
a Catholic family. 1538 Guerrero st.
AN elderly lady for good home. 401 Leaven-
worth st. ;
COME, come, come; be your own dressmaker
and milliner and learn dressmaking and mil-
linery at the largest and best school: Mc-
Dowell system of dresscuttlng received diplo-
mas and gold medals In Europe and America.
We thoroughly teach every part of dress-
making and millinery; easy payments; pat-
terns cut, 25c up; hats trlmmed-free; all are
Invited. McDowell Dressmaking and Mll-
llnery School. Post St.
HOTEL, shop, office and store clerks. Ladles'
Exchange; strictly confidential; 1239 Market.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work in small American family, $20 ■ month.
233 Third aye., Richmond District; take
Geary cars. - - - ■ . -■■
PUPILS wanted at Rood's Dressmaking
School; work solicited; prices very cheap. 207
Taylor. ■ '
NURSEGIRL for country, near Menlo; wages
$10. Call mornings at 1636 Hyde st.
WANTED — Girl or middle-aged ■ woman for
housework. 716 Green st.
WANTED — German woman from 80 to 40
years old for light housework and cooking;
$12. Call at 402 Pacific st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underskirts; power and
steady work. L. E. NEWMAN, 523 Market.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, . 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
St.", monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
■ st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
6J6 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The C_*_
Subscriptions and want ads taken. '
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BAKER' and pastry cook for a springs hotel,
$45;. bread and cake baker, country shop, $50
and fare paid, see party here: bread and cake
baker, shop near city, $40 and found; sec-
ond bread baker, $35 and found; second cook,
who can make biscuits,' mut'tins, etc., $10 a
week; fry cook, $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for a private place in the coun-
try. $60 and found, references; call 9 a. m.,
Monday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
NEAT, experienced barber for a good country
hotel shop. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WASHER, ■ country Eteam • laundry, $30 1 and
found, see party here; starcher and poUsher,
$12 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
60 TEAMSTERS, laborers and tunnel men for
, new ' railroad work, $20 and board to $2 50 a
day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Ft. -, -•'.:''-■' . ■* ■'■■ r
10 BARKERS and cross cutters for the woods,
$35 a month and board: 18 laborers, $1- a day
and board: all to go Monday afternoon. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st. ■';,--.
WANTED— Cook for officers to ,go , to ■ Manila;
bread and cake bal.er for nice country place,
$50;- second- cook .for nice lunch house, : $45;
second cook, ■ restaurant,- $10 a week; cook,
country, $40: cook ■ and wife f for - restau-
rant, $55.' Apply to J. F. : CROSETT. & CO.,
62S Sacramento st. • ' • ■.^
TWO barbers wanted. ,= 309 Fourth aye., between
f Point- Lobos and Clement st., Richmond. '
MAN to -. work In boardingr-house. 2759 Mis-
sion St., cor. Twenty-fourth; call bet. 1 and 3.
ACTIVE young ■ ma^ ; to solicit orders ' and ; de-
liver goods for wholesale -liquor, house.; Ap-
plications not stating former occupation
will not' be considered.: Address box 4479. Call.
WANTED— Young man In butcher-shop; must
have experience and references: $3 ■a ; week
and found. , \ Call ■ to-day between 10 and •„ 12
:; o'clock. Sunset : Market, corner Waller and
* : ,. Stanyan sts. ;v • :'.: c '■ • -■"■.-'.■■
WANTED— ; good bright, strong boy. NEW-
V TON BROS. GUM CO., 131 First st.
WANTED— '■ salesman > for chewing ; gum.
r _ Address box 4483, . Call office. <•:••■.:- > ;
FURNITURE ■ house watchman,'- willing to ■ aa--
; sist in shelving; carpet lay ar. ' 313 Bush st. ,
HELP WANTED— Con tinned.
i A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP —
Please remember — —
MURRAY & READY
1 supply most of the corporations ■
syndicates, banks and trusts —
and other large concerns, including smaller
enterprises, located on the Pacific Coast. v\ c
sent (17,000) seventeen thousand men to work
during year 18»7. What
MURRAY & READY have done
and are doing for others
they can do for you, send you
first-class help at imce, —
— "free of charge." — — —
634 and 636 Clay St.; telephone Main 6845.
GROCERY clerk, city Job, $8 week; grocery
clerk, country Job $^0 and found. MURRAY
& READY, 61i4 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
ployment Agents.
9 COOKS for hotels $60, $50. $40 and $30; 5 cooks
for restaurants $50 $40 and $30; 5 waiters, $25
and $20; 6 waiter boys, $10, $15 and $20; 6
dishwashers $20, $1£ and $10: bed maker, city
Job, $25. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
85 MINERS for different places, $2 50 day up,
for banks, trusts corporations, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
Agents.
MACHINE blacksmith $2 to $2 60 day; wood
turner; cabinet maker. MURRAY & READY,
634 aiid 536 clay st.. Leading Employment
Agents.
3 STABLEMEN city and country Jobs. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading
Employment Agents.
226 WOODCHOPPERS, $1 60, $1 25, $1 and 70c
cord; 225 tie makers for different places.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agenta.
8 LABORERS~7or a city manufacturing com-
Sany. $20 and found. MURRAY & READY,
!4 and 636 Clay et.
4 CHOREMEN and boys for ranches, etc., $10.
$12 and $15; boy to learn trade. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Era-
_ployment Agents.
10 TEAMSTERsF~city Job 3, $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay s^
10 LABORERS, city Jobs, $1 75 day. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
3 BUTTER makers. $30 and $26 and found; 6
milkers. $25 and $20. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.. Leading Employment
Agents.
10 SCRAPER teamsters for a large ranch, $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
15 MEN to cut brush, clear land, etc., $20 and
found, for a great San Francisco corporation.
MURRAY & READY, P34 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
A— MARRIED^ ■ OR SINGLE,
6 laborerr wanted for a city Job, $1 75 day;
board yourself where you like. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
ployment Agents.
2fi FARM, orchard and vineyard hands, $26. $25.
$20 and $15. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
3 WASHERS country laundries; 2 ironers,
country laundries. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st., Leading Employment Agentß.
BAKER, $45 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
ITALIAN or French cook. $50 and found: coun-
try Job. MURRAY & REAPY, «34 and 636
Clay st.. Leading Employment Agents.
RESPONSIBLE man of good appearance as
amusement house ticket taker; to-day. 31S
Bush st.
NIGHT manager restaurant; country hotel
manager; quarry foreman; to-day. 313 Bush.
ENGINEER and 2 firemen; electric elevator
man; storage h.iuse packer. 313 Bush; to-day.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try by Incubator; also butler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Huhli St.
MAX to drive a laundry wagon and collect;
well acquainted. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER, wholesale house; bill clerk;
ship chandler's clerk; dock watch. 313 Bush.
$15 PER week and interest in profits; office
duties; permanent. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Boy for grocery business; state
age. Box 4442, Call office.
ACTIVE solicitors wanted everywhere for
"America's Battle for Cuba's Freedom:" of-
ficial war book; all about Sjain, Cuba,
armies, navies, war and all great command-
ers; graphic description of Dewey's famous
victory; his complete biography; biggest
book; 600 large pages; magnificently illus-
trated: tremendous demand: only $1 50; com-
mission 66%; bonanza for agents; 30 days'
credit; freight paid: outfit free. Write quick.
THE DOMINION CO., Dept. 32, Chicago.
WANTED— A clerk of some experience In a
commission and shipping house; must be
young and well recommended. Address, giv-
ing full particulars of where previously em-
ployed, experience and salary expected, box
4499, Call office.
WANTED— Responsible man of good appear-
ance as night watchman: references; $40 and
board. Address box 4500. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS salesman with moderate capi-
tal; make $300 mo.; fine chance. 82 Flood bldg.
2000 PAIR; another lot men's shoes; been
slightly damaged; at less than one-fourth
their value; from 7."c to $2 50. f.6- Mission st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of gu.id character and hal>its and able to
ppeak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
Offlre. 20 Ellis st , ?an Francisco. Cal.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN, 519 Filbert st.
WANTED— Man to drive laundry wagon; must
give $125 security; salary $10 week, with room
and board. Box 4662, Call office.
WANTED— 6O men for Alaska mines; wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 460t«, Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 623.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis 1"' furnished
rooms; 2.1 c night; $1 week; reading room.
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2.'.c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMANS. 26 Btenart at.
BARBERS' Ass'n Frf" Kmploym't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED-Soamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska Puget Sound. Mexico, etc. : apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 6M Davis ft.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st., nfar
Market; ZOO rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry^
WANTED— At Montana House, 7«4% Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, Me and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell Hoose. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme HOBS*, Wl Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2.".c a night; $1 a week.
300 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling. Kft M* Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SV_ Eighth *t.
MARKE" 4— Branch office of Tlu Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
HOUSES WANTED.
PARTY looking for rooming-house, S to 12
rooms within the lines of Sutter st. and Van
Ness aye., will buy the furnishings if a bar-
A responsible party wants house of 15 to 20
rooms, suitable for a private hospital; no
contagious cases admitted; will clvo guarantee
for lease of 5 years, with extension privilege;
best of references.
We need more furnished houses of 5 to S
rooms within fi blocks of this office and the
City Hall: parties waiting for them.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 4'13-V'j Examiner bldg.
ROOM S~AND "BOARD WANTED.
COUNTRY board wanted for 4 people on ranch:
near city; low price; cash; state terms. Ad-
dress 4451 Call offlcc_
YOUNG marTwftTvts room, with breakfast; give
particulars. Address box 4451. Call office.
~H«OMS WANTED.
WANTED for 2 adults-2 sunny ro >ms for light
housekeeping; hnve dog. Addnss MRS. A.
C. MARTIN, general delivery.
W ANTED— MISCELLAK EOl/S.
WANTED— At 619 Mission St., tools, machin-
ery, metals, stoves and wrenches, etc.
WANTED— WaII tent TxlO or about; must be
cheap. Box 4503, Call office.
WASHBURN mandoline (second-hand) wanted.
416 Tehama st.
WANTED — Two good second-hand Junior
Monarch hay presses; state condition, loca-
tion, lowest price to O. A. KNOTT, Trask's
Postofflce. Sacramento River. Cal.
WANTED— Second-hand camera, not smaller
than 6M,xBH- Address box 4513, Call office.
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan- i
tlty. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions aad wast ada taken- I
i
AGENTS WANTED.
■ WANTED— and women In every town tc
work for us at their homes i ' - \;\« -
NO CANVASSING.
We will send you- work Immediately. We
have several lines of work to give out, some
: of which requires no experience whatever. II
you can't devote the whole day to our work
• you can earn $5 or $6 a 1 week by working ar
hour or two of an evening. Enclose stamp,
we will send you full Instructions free o(
charge. Standard Art "Manufacturing Com-
pany, 51 Standard building, 142 West Twenty-
third st.. New York.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, • Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
6lnce Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
-.■no experience necessary: ' liberal, terms; . io
days' credit; price low; freight paid; outfit
■ free: send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
WANTED— General agents and " canvassers of
both sexes In every State west of Colorado
to sell beautiful new edition Ridpath's His-
tory United States, in 4 volumes: sells $6 50 per
set: liberal Installments; attractive proposi-
tion. Address or call The .Tewett Swain Co.,
42 Nevada block.
AGENTS to sell self-lighting oil lamp: greatest
novelty out; 35 per <->ent profit; complete work-
ing outfit $5. Empire Co., 63 . Murray St.,
New York.
I AGENTS for good paying business; rid Jewish
people. Apply 1122 Market st.
A FEW good agents can make big money. Call
33 Third st. _■ . /
CATALOGUE of war emblems, flags, etc., free.
L. N. CUSHMAN, 84 Oliver st.. Boston. Mass.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
I clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will chow you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
spectal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market s». :
trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers: sha tells
past, present and future correctly: tells your
age and occupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriageß with the one of your choice; she
locates buried treasures, removes evil influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments. - Letters
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ■
i MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 23c. 14S Sixth St.. room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
[ reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth Ft.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
j advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2. "'-.
MME. SYBTLLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
fession; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. BTTXLER. reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control ; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. Leavnwth.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: .tel. Jessle.9oB.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8: 2oc.
MRS J. J WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. lIS Halght st.
.PAL.MISTKY.
S^TUDENT~oTchTero's gives a scientific reading
of the hand at 777 Market St.
MRS. CHANDLER: readings. Tues., Thurs.,
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkln st.; Mon.. Wed., Fri..
residence. 33 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402 1 2 Geary; hypnotism taugnt;
diplomas issued: diseases and h:il>its cured.
HORSES.
WANTED — A good strong horse for . laundry
wagon. 2241 Mission st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade .Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagon*, harness of all
kinds- 40 horses: must spII. Btmwiiyn Sales
Yards. 220 Vnlonr'a st. T. P NEWELL.
WAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
j GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons: cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth and Valencia.
! THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can b«
Been at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st. : .
SrECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
■ FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments; 1 fire top «nd open
buggy: also 1 hack. 823 Harrison st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
PIANO box bogey for sale cheap; good con-
dition. Apply 3.i66 Mission st. '
FOR SALE— S store signs, 6 showcases. 4 ta-
bles. 48 candy glasses, 2 store scales. 2 coun-
• ters and shelving; now all in store room, 4274
Mission st. . ;■: *">
SECOND-HAND lumber redwood boards, rus-
tic, fencing, t & g. Silver aye. and Mis-
sion st. .
FOR SALE— Maltese kittens. 755 Hayes st. ,
SECURITY cash recorder: splendid condition:
cost $35; now $10. TAYLOR. Berkeley sta-
tlon. " '
HISTORY Roman empire translated German;
printed , Strasburg A. D. 1594. TAYLOR.
Berkeley station.
ONLY camping wagon In town: 6 berths: con-
venient as home. 1175 Valencia st.
LADIES' hand-knitted undervests, cheap.
326 Eddy st., room 34. '
FOR Sale— Reasonable: soda fountain and tee
cream business at Sutro Baths. Apply at
once at the premises or at 400 Front st.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens at 557 Ellis
'street, f -
WANTED— Cylinder press; must be In good
order; give size of bed, price and make. Box
4541, Call office. .
FOR Sale— Empty packing casea. Apply M. A.
GUNST & CO., 203 Kearny st.
$67 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st. . • •.••'
$197 50— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, $5 per menth; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show : cases, '. coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.. above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for 1 irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. K. S. WHITE,
614, 516, 618 Mission st.
GAS fixtures very low; \ large assortment; 1
. and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap." - HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods: new, 2d-hand.\ Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J. R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. " Hermann Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
i Projectoscope,. $100. . Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale." hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. y . ;
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. - etc..
bought and sold 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
• EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business . practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English, branches;
electrical, civil and mining ; engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, 1 etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 18S2: catalogue.
AYRES' Business : College, 723 Market st. ;
individual instruction- in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life- scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month. r -..^
UNIVERSITY Ccach— Perry, B.'.'.Fel-
low :in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. : Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School :i civil, electrical, mm.-
. ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.: day & eve.;
. est. 1864. VAN ' DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING - "and v' rapid ;; calculations; -: a
:■ course : . In Tarr's '■ counting . room ' makes . you
thorough. ; Room 572, .855. 855 Market st. --
UNIQUE evening's entertainment' for societies.'
C. C. FONTANA. '24 Sixth; > parlors 5 and 6.
SHORTHAND; to write f 100 ; words -a" minute:
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG man with good habits and steady po-
sition; would like to meet young lady: object
matrimonial. Address box 4482, Call office. v
CLARE DEPUE. who formerly resided at 67t>
Tenth St., Oakland, kindly communicate with
his father, J. E. DEPUE, Oakland,' Cal.
JOHN T. DILWORTH, wheelwright. in San
Francisco last ln-ISSS. and JOHN T. DIL-
WORTH JR., printer, or their heirs, will re-
ceive valuable Information by addressing
OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney at law, 500
Kearny st., San Francisco. _^^
~~J~™_^, MATRIMONY.
MARRY— Join our special department: money
refunded -if not suited within ■ six months;
send 12c for monthly matrimonial paper and
special terms. Address "Wedding Bell," 111
Ellis st., San Francisco..
THE Pacinc. 406 Geary— legitimate matrl-
monial assn. west ot Chicago; details free.
\^ BUSINESS i ERSONALS.
A REDUCTION sale for this week— hair
restored. $1 60; Wrinkleine Paste, 75c; Wrin-
kleine Cream, 50c; Creme de la Creme, 40c;
every purchaser presented with bottle of the
best skin tonic in the world. MME. MAR-
AND, 28 Geary st.
PACIFIC Employment Offices will furnish you
with first-class male or female help; hours
7a. m. to 9 p. m. 777 Market st.
I AM a first-class hair dresser. The very latest
styles of coiffures, 25c only. Good switches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA hair tonic makes a good head of
hair. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
A COMPETENT masseur : who understands
hydropathic treatment would like to engage
either with an Institute or private party for
the summer. Address N., box 4478, Call.
MANAGING housekeeper, country resort, by
lady thoroughly experienced. Address A. D.,
box 4489, Call office. .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that tit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; • Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS. 1716 Central aye., nr. Bush st.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurae; office heated. 579 Geary st.
_
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. ■ 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
UP-TO-DATE dressmaker: In families or take
work home; tailor-made suits a specialty.
200 Turk St., room 3.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. •
LODGING ' ..USES FOR SALE.
A-KREDol'ca 224Toeary s£
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
! List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes: all prices.
The following at reduced prices:
10 rooms; Ellis St.: from $500 to $300
15 rooms; Third st. from $400 to 275
16 rooms; sunny corner: from $1650 t0'.... 1,350
20 rooms; corner Powell; from $2200 t0.... 1,600
22 rooms; transient: new; from $1200 to.. 1,000
23 rooms; sunny corner: from $1000 t0.... 600
25 rooms; Post st. ; frcm $1800 to I.SDO
10") rooms; with elevator; from $6000 t0... 6.500
Many other special' bargains on Installments.
SPECIAL BARGAIN LIST —
15 rooms; rent $75; doctor pays rent $500
18 rooms; elegant place; investigate 600
19 rooms; central; a money-maker 500
20 rooms; rent $45; good furniture 800
21 rooms: rent $25; see it.....' 400
21 rooms; rent $45; must sell 350
32 rooms; this is a bargain 900
67 rooms; rent $12": a pii-k-up 1600
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
20-room house.. $Soo| 22-room house $500
10-room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor... 3.000 14 rms, on Sutter 700
11 rs. must sell 2001 66 rms.; best city 7,000
15 rooms; new.. 1.250 31-room house 1.400
SI rooms; new.. 3.0011 110 rooms; corner. 6,000
300 rms.; hotel.. -10.000 6 rooms; 0n1y... 150
35 rms.; central 2.500 10 rooms; Jones.. 300
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A NO. 1 family hotel on Market st. : 100 rooms
elegantly furnished; all newly papered; pas-
senger and freight elevators: will be sold at
a great bargain; no agents. Address box
4501, Call offlce. .__
FOR Rent— The well and favorably known St.
George lodging house of 150 rooms, centrally
located in Sacramento City and convenient to
the railroad shops. For particulars apply to
GEORGE W. LORENZ, People's Savings
Bank, Sacramento.
FOR Sale or Exchange— Lodging house. Market
st. ; 60 rooms, all furnished: doing good busi-
ness: owner unable to attend to same; no
agents. Call 132 First st.
$350— 11-ROOM house on McAllister St., full of
roomers; owner retiring. Box 4450, Call office.
WELL furnished house, 8 rooms, for ' sale:
bargain. Inquire 226 A McAllister st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-mom flat, with choice of
renting flat. 113 Langton stJ
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS *~" are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and *6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices. are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon s?me easy
navirents and some good pianos for $S, $4 and
$5 per rronth. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oak'tnd. -.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chi -ago Is 'KOHLER & CEASE'S.
26, 28 and .'0 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and -•' other musical Instruments of all
grades and prlr-- Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the r-istomer. . .;.-. ■■.>.'•,.
CLARK. WISE & CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st.. agents . Conover, Klngsbury and
other pianos; opened May.l; new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection invited.
SECOND-HAND pianos : nt all prices: terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell nt.. agents for the
Chickering md other pianos.
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a Chlckering for
$90: examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our r jnt plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per- month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. Hayes St.
3-PEDAL" upright piano and latest improved
Singer, sewing machine cheap. SS4A Natoma.
A— s3s: fine rosewood piano in perfect condi-
tion. 1361 Folsom St.. corner Tenth.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos. to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— $125, 1 $150; agency , famous
Haines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
GREAT bargains: ' Decker, : Schu!>^rt, Steinway.
Neuman. others. Hornung's. 215 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; pricp lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 130 Ellis st.
A GOOD uprteht. .v. ry cheap. 16 McAllister
. St.. next Hlber U Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE . pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and irew. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Litham place.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY . Steam I Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. . C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.: tel.. S. 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 EiK ih St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 8t st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning »c a yard: tel. Mission .4. -?
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, ' renovat-
'-' Ing,' alteration .wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
AD V ANCE^'arpet -Clean ing Co., 402 Sutter st: ;
' tel.'; Main 394. ; GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
, Gate aye.; ■ tel. East : 126. ..■.;.,,; . --: ■:: ■.-,:■ ':.7:-l
ELEVENTH. ■- 106— Branch "* office of ": Th« ; Call.
; ; Subscriptions and want ads taken. - -■ ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-KREDO & CO. :—: — -'2 Geary ■t^j
, UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
. List with us; no charge for advertising. *;
$3000— house; daily receipts $60. £
$1300— Saloon; tine corner; well stocked. =.
Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished^
rooms.
Grocery and bar; give-away. .
$1600— Plumbing and gasfitting; $150 monthly.
$soo— Delicacy; fine corner; with living room*.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; J2O dally.
$125— Dressmaking; store and furnished rooX^*
$450— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand. 4 .
For particulars call on KREDO & CO. ■'
A— s2ooo; WOOD, coal, hay. grain and livery
stable: clears $200; full value in stock.
KREDO & CO. ■ • ,
A— s4so; CIGAR stand; receipts $15 daily; also
$375; cigar stand. Oakland. KREDO & CO.,
22Vj Geary st. '
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast wIU find It to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Klrkwood, Cal.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted: commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON A CO., 777 Market.
$2500— SALOON and club rooms for sale or ex-
' change; city or country property near the
city. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 2* Kearny st.
$4000— DRY goods store near the city; owner re-
tiring; stock at a discount. For particular*
see McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$3500— AN old established business clearing $10*
to $300 a month; everything In first-class or-
der; fullest investigation given. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny at.
$398— WHY toll and strive amid uncertainties
to amass wealth, when there Is a field of rich,
harvest In which your surplus dollars will
yield you golden returns; by It many home*
are the recipients of fortune's golden showers,
and continuous prosperity; take advantage
of this means of accumulating wealth. Oth-
ers do, why not you? $398 realized In on«
week; write for particulars. CONDEN. ■
CO., Boon Bloolc. Covlngton. Ky. '
FINE INVESTMENT.
$650; flrst-olass restaurant on best street
In • Oakland; monthly receipts from $900 to
$1000; same owners for over 7 years; partner
retiring from business. Call or write M. I*
WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway, Oafit-
land. '
$1250— established and well •qulpp«d r«*i
estate and Insurance business: team. sun ?5u
buggy, office fixtures, etc.; good paying bt.^lr
ness, but must sell on account of slckne-.*
Box 65, Los Gatos, Cal. . • I
BUTCHERS— fixtures ot well-established
market, with refrigerator; will sell without
refrigerator; $500 monthly trade free. 1081
San Pablo aye., Oakland.
OLD established boarding house to rent: Ban
Bruno aye., near Twenty-sixth St.: rent
cheap. Apply to G. J. DICKINSON. Mills)
building, third floor. ■■ •
YOUNG married man wishes some kind of of*
flee work; Is willing to Invest In good pay*
In? business: state wages and business. Bo<
4493, Call office.
FOR SALE— store saloon: established
corner; fine location; good chance for hust-
ler; no agents. Apply 132 First st.
WANTED— lnstruction In white metal piatinjr
(Harrison or Gray's system); state terms.
Address box 4454, Call office.
$500— PARTNER: business will net $75 to $10(1
monthly, with a fine future. Bee manager o*
New Faucet Co., branch office, S3 Third st. .
CANDY store and flat to be vacated at 201T
Fillmore st. ; fixtures and fountain have to
be sold before first of June.
4245 NINETEENTH, corner Diamond— Stora
and 3 living rooms, ' suitable for barber-shopj
or shoemaker; rent $10.
$475— RESTAURANT; 3 furnished rooms; good
place for man and wife. MCLAUGHLIN Sm
CO., 23 Kearny st. '
TO exchange: new restaurant doing good busi-
ness for anything unlncumbered. Box 4447.
Call office.'
FIRST-CLASS saloon; billiards a.nd pool; go.od
location; complete; $350. Box 4470. Call office.
BAKERY store to let with oven; fixtures must
be sold at once. 81 Chronicle building.
FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent $20;
selling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth- st.
FOR sale— Newspaper Inside route. Apply at
this office. ...
— COMPLETE restaurant outfit for sale.
Apply 827 Mission st.
BAKERY, with fine trade: elegantly fitted up;
no reasonable offer refused. 3025 Sacramento.
PARTNER wanted In dressmaking school, tok .
Taylor -st. . A T
FRUIT store for sale. Cor. Paciflc and Jones
. sts. '■ . . *
CIGAR otand, 1G56 Market st.. cor. Polk. Apply
' 227 Battery st. . '
FOR SALE — bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
FINE milk business, including 2 routes in Ala-
meda; cheap. Box '.'5, Call office-. Oakland.
$200— 3-CHAIR barber-shop with 6 living rooms;
best location; $50 down, balance in Install-
ments. Apply H. EERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD paying chop " house, suitable for man
and wife, for sale cheap on account of de-
parture. Address box 4521, Call office.
HOTEL for sale— 26 rooms, furnished; cost $SOOO
11 years ago: now asking $2200. Call 256 Third
St., get terms: make offer at once.
WANTED Reliable, active partner in a whole-
sale wine and liquor business. Address box
4523. Call office. ■
RESTAURANT; best location In- 1 Oakland:
owner has other business. K. D., box 4, Call
office, Oakland.
TO let or for sale; nice saloon; fixtures com-
plete. See owner, 609 Clay st.
FOR sale — Restaurant and chop-house; opposite
the ferries. Call at 18 East st.
CIGAR stand and shooting gallery very cheap«
Call 815 Kearny st. ■. .
$250— FOR sale at .a great bargain on account ot
sickness, a photograph building, including
new carpets, show cases, etc., in a prosperous
■ country town; no opposition. ' Further par-
ticulars address ,L. E. BOSTWICK, Sacra-
mento, Cal. I
*
FOR SALE— Saloon with piano and 4 roomsi
lodging-house over saloon with 17 rooms: run-
ning water and gas in every room; no reason-
able offer refused If sold before the first of
the month; no agents. Box 4535. Call.
$800 — HOME cooking and delicatessen buslnesg
with an established trade; well located; low
rent: living rooms and every convenience; ta
a good cook this place offers a small fortune.
Box 4576. Call office. -
ACTIVE midjlle-aged man' of business expe-
rience with some capital and his services,
<wlshes to go In some legitimate . established
business. Address box 4617, Call office.
CORNER saloon, good location: on account ot
other business; low price. Albany Brewery.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and barsj >
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
WANTED— Partner with " $250; guaranteed
salary $50 month. X.. box 10, Call. Oakland.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
GOOD paying country' barber shop; cheap for
cash.' Inquire Call Office.
PARTNER wanted: good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery st. - ■
BARBER shop, central location, clearing over
$20 a week, for sale; present owner going to
Honolulu. Particulars box 4f.61. all offlco.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose;- for par-
ticulars apply at Call business of nee or to B.
F. PIERCE. San Jose. . '_
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\y. PAPWELL & CO.'S. 4T- Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture . Co. Steamship
Prof Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on the.
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. 030
Market st.
DENTISTS. <
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. 1 Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1133.
NEW YORK dentists: A painless extraction:
teeth, per set. up; gold filling, ,75c up; sil-
ver. 25c up: old plates made over. $l"up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission »t.. cor. Sixth, and 871 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
.no -■ charge for' extracting when -plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teeth,
from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of , painless extraction and
patentee, of: improved bridge work or teeth ■
. without plate, moved from 6 to 2 i O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, 1 : $5 up: fillings. 25c up: >. all work
painless and guaranteed to stand ;• open 1 even-
ings. . 997: Market st.. - corner, Sixth.:
DR. i LI'ELLA COOL. 554 . Sutter; crowns, {3*
, t alumlnum . plates & . bridge work :«t -. speclalty.j
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TJEAGUB
removed to Call bldg.. 6th. floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work ' reasonable and warranted. DR J
W. KEY. .: 1320 Market. St. .:.,,. " ■
SET -of teeth ; without . a plate. "DR.- H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -CITY REAL. ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Real Estate Auctioneers.
M Montgomery «t.
A CHEAP LOT.
$500 — Half a block from Geary st. cable
road; 25x120.
CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
$2000 — A . good corner on Geary st. : 31:4^ix
125; store and flats would pay a big interest.
A GOOD INVESTMENT IN RICHMOND.
$2000 — Two flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
25x:i!u; rents $li>2 per annum; near several
lines of cars.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$2000— Near Pacific and Powell ets.; 2 flats
and lots.
COZY COTTAGE— WESTERN ADDITION.
$2'X.O — Nice, cozy bay-window cottage of five
room* and bath; brick foundation, etc.; street
accepted; stone sidewalks; nice location on
Post St.; easy terms.
MISSION RESIDENCE CHEAP.
$3000— Nice 2-story bay-window residence of
7 rooms; brick Foundation, etc.; 25x100; half
a block from Mission st. electric cars.
HAIGHT STREET LOT.
$3100— :.-)Xl20 to rear street; good location for
fine flats.
HOME IN WESTERN ADDITION VERY
CHEAP.
$3500 — Steiner st. ; a nice two-story bay-win-
ftow residence of 7 rooms and bath: stone
walks, brick foundation, etc.; street accept-
ed; very nice location.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
$4000— Jackson st. : 40x127:8; a beautiful lo-
cation; marine view; unobstructed.
BUSINESS CORNER ON PACIFIC STREET.
$43<X) —^oubte cottage of C and 5 rooms and
bath each; rents $36; stores could be put
underneath: good cellar; lot 45x60; both
streets accepted.
BRODERICK STREET LOT.
$5800— A g-ood lot for flats, very finely situ-
ated: 55:4V5x100; sunny lot for 6 or 4 elegajn
flats.
ITUST BE SOLD— THREE MODERN FLATS.
$7000— Three nice flats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms,
bath, laundry, etc., each; rents $SOO per an-
num: 25x57:6; Post st. ; no reasonable offer
refused.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT CHEAP.
$7000 — Offered very cheap on account of
threatened foreclosure of mortgage; an ele-
gant, nearly new 2-story, attic and basement
residence of 16 rooms and bath, etc.
NINTH STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$8000 — Three-story building in store and two
flats; rents $56; only a block from Market st.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT CORNER.
$IS,OOO— To close an estate; 3-story building;
store and concrete basement and 2 upper
floors, and 2 2-story and basement bay-win-
dow houses; lot 5Sx"4: corner on two prom-
inent streets north of Market st.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
THIS IS A SNAP.
$9000 — Corner Investment on Folsom St., and
within 3 blocks of Kearny, Market and Third
sts. ; 3 substantial modern flats of 7, 7 and 6
rooms and bath each, which cost $15,000 to
build: rents $81 per month: 25x100; owner lives
In England, and has given positive orders to
sell. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgoino.y.
EPEAKING OF A HOME—
We will tell you of something- that will cost
you virtually nothing. This Is particularly
addressed to rent-payers and we ask you
If you aren't really doing a foolish thing
to be continually paying rent when that
same rent money will give you a well-built,
coiy ah! conveniently situated home? Stop
a moment and think how much better you
will fare in the end If you take the same
rent money you are now throwing away
and apply it to something- more substantial
than a bunch of rent receipts. At your
first leisure hour go out to the Heyman
tract and see the six new houses we've
Just built — three of which we have Just sold.
We'll show you the three others and con-
vince you of the advantages over the rent-
paying plan. To see property and cottages
take Mission-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-
?<=■•. ~>nd. to Hoffman aye. and ask for JAMES
COTTER, resident agent, who will show
you around. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery St., will give all particulars.
ONE block of level land, as a whole or in lots;
1 block from electric road: suitable for chick-
en ranch or dairy; at a bargain: $10 monthly.
JACOB HBYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$100 — LOTS in Sunset District, Golden Gate
Park, on $5 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT corner: Twenty-third and Noe sts.;
26:6x100; 1 block from 2 car lines; suitable for
fiats: a. street work done; monthly pay-
ments. JA'"'OB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$350 EACH; 3 lots fronting on Cortland aye.;
street work done: cars I blocks distant; $10
monthly payments. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
M r-.tgomery st.
$13 25 MONTH -svill buy a neat new 4-room-and-
bath cottage, with level lot; only $50 down;
electric car» close by. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
--ornery st.
$150 EACH; $5 monthly for building lots front-
ing San Mateo electric cars. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery St.
25x120— CORNER Twelfth aye. and X St., Gol-
den Gate Park; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
' Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at:
$4250 for a splendid house and lot 25x110;
Goiien Gate Park, near Baker st.
$17.000— Mission St., near Sixteenth: a splen-
did property; lot 62:6x106, all covered with
improvements.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$42, 500— Taylor st., near Market; larg» lot;
well Improved: stores and flaf.3.
IMPROVING NEIGHBORHOOD.
$32.500 — Eddy st., near Market; centrally lo-
cated; store and flats.
HAS A GREAT FUTURE.
$25.500— A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
well improved: paying 8 per cent.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$16,000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 41
rooms and 6 baths.
$3100— Rent $27; 2^-story double flat on
Tenth st., of 6 and 8 rooms each; lot 23x100.
$S7so— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary St.; Tot
28x125.
$."&•>>— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary «t.
$2400— Rent $25: a double flat; 6 rooms be-
low and 6 rooms upstairs.
$80.000 — Rent $260; stores and flats; never va-
cant.
$14,500 will buy a McAllister-st. property;
3 stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks from City Hail.
A SNAP.
$1000 ca«h, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 28x100, with a 2-story house and stable,
three blocks from new City Hall.
UNIMPROVED.
$1600— Lot 24x100, on Seventeenth St., near
Foisom.
Two lots. 33x100 each, near Twenty-fourth
st. and Potrero aye., at a low price.
$3100 — Fine corner lot on Fillmore st.
AN elegant home, Vallejo st. ; lot 60x137:6; 11
rooms, finely finished; electric bells, bath; all
modern conveniences; stable; nice grounds;
beautiful marine view; price $IS,OOO.
Richmond cottage, 6 rooms, $3000; well built,
modem home, with electric bells, nice porcelain
bath, telephone; lot 25x120; one of the best bar-
gains we have; terms easy.
Park Panhandle property; nearly new 5 and 6
room flats; all modern improvements; good
tenants in both flats: will sell cheap.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403 Examiner building.
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE:
... CHEAPEST FLATS —
. IN SAN FRANCISCO
. IF YOU WANT
■ A BARGAIN
. THIS WILL PLEASE YOU
Only $3000— Nice modern, well-built flats only
four years old; contain 5 and 6 rooms; bath;
brick foundation, etc.; building alone cost
$3750; nicely bituminized street, stone walks
and In a fine location.
A BIG BARGAIN
. P\YS BIG INTEREST
A SNAP-SEE THEM
— — THINK OF IT— ONLY $3000
HERMAN MURPHY, C2B Market «t.
PAYS FOURTEEN (14) PER CENT.
Four flats on good street; south of Market
et.; in Al condition; price $4750.
PAYS ONE PER CENT.
Fine flats, not far from Market st. : street
bttuminized; steady tenants; price $3200.
Send for our list of cheap lots in all parts
of the city; we build to order on easy term*.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
IDB Montgomery et., San Francisco, Cal.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON.
412 Pine St., near Montgomery.
BARGAINS.
$8750— Sacrifice: corner Ridley and Stevenson
Ets ' hoth streets accepted; large lot. 37:6x80,
with 6 modern flats: rents $S6; make offer.
J5OO0 — Very cheap: Harriet st., near Harrison;
4 flats; rents now $46; good condition.
$3900-^-Just reduced; very cheap; Natoma st..
near Sixth; 2 houses; rents $38 per month.
HOME: 8 rooms and bath; north side Pine St.;
cheap for cash or trade for Berkeley resi-
dence. Owner. FRED H. DAKIN, 104 Sut-
ter st. San Francisco.
$1350—229 DIAMOND St.. bet. 19th and 20th,
neat cottage, 4 large rooms; lot 27:6x100 feet.
CHARLES C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$350— 240x20(F~BLOCK 183. Abbey Homestead As-
sociation 'San Mateo County. CHARLES C.
FISHER, 624 Market st. .
HOUSE and lot for sale; lot 25x80; house 6
rooms. 21 Morris aye.
6 NEW elegant 2-story houses; grand marine
view 1 and 8 rooms, basements: $3600 and
$3800;' .bts 27:6x110; cash or Installments; on
Leavenworth, near Lombard st.
COME to-day and see a new 4-room cottage,
nice lot. to exchange or to sell on easy ternm,
J. D. MORELAND, 116 Congo St., Sunnyside,
or writ*.
CITY RE t. ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. «i Market st.
Must sell to close estate; #m elegant Inside
property on Pine St., between Larkin and
• Polk; 25x137:6; 2 buildings; only $5500 asked.
•■ $7500— McAllister st., near Fillmore; 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch St., near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$8000— Washington st., near Webster; 9
rooms and bath; lot 28x125.
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$7000— Rents $900 per year; Paciflc-st. corner,
near Powell; 50x65:9.
$4000— st., near Harrison; 25x100 to rear
street; 2 houses.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderick; elegant corner
store and flats; paying good income; lot
25x92.
$2900— Twenty-fifth, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25xS0.
$2500— Shipley St., near Fourth; large house;
lot 25x75.
$3000--Cottage and lot; 21st St., near Castro;
6 rooms and bath; 25x114.
Cottage and lot; Duncan st., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
, $4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— cottages; Chattanooga st., near
23d; 32:6x117:6.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haighi and Octavia sts., one
block off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
! 37:6x78:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
£0 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut;
I $GOOO.
— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
—Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1500— Turk St.. cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
Sixteenth st.. near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— 7 th aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$1000— York St.. near 22d; lot 25x100.
California, near Second aye; 25x100; only
$SOO.
$SoO— Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE. 625 Market St.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
Repairs and enlargements of our regular
salesrooms are now finished and we have re-
] turned from temporary offlces on Market st. to
j our regular quarters, 513 California st.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:0x137:6; with house.
$40,000— and Page; 65x120 to Rose aye.
$10 500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x65:8.
$15,000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den aye.
$8000— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats, 13 rooms; rent $57.
— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:8.
$5500— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100; stores and
flats. .
$5500— Cor. Bryant and Zo«; 35x97:6.
$5000— nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$4500— Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4000— Mason, nr. Green; 30x63; 3-story house;
11 rooms and bath.
$2500— 3d aye., nr. Clement st.; 25x120; cottage.
$1400— Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; Improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Steiner. nr. Oak; 25x100.
Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
Scott nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye. ; 3 lots.
25x55; 13th. nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet." 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
I $1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
$2675 — cottage, 5 rooms and attic; easy
terms;. Liberty St., near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, builder.
COTTAGE for sale. 1909 Broderick st.
A— so- illustrated catalogue with map
free at A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.
C C* BEAIIS ' ' *■■■
C REAL ESTATE m land g agent. bt
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000 — Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet. "r ';•" .
$6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. '
50-vara on Page st.; panhandle of park.
Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; IPSxSS feet.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, First Floor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER !
$100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTH
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $460 to $S5O: officially graded; ruperb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A. Crocker buildln*.
a I NTH, 167— Branch office of T*-« Call; sub-
■ scrlptions and want ads taken.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOME wanted: 8 to 10 rooms, near university.
Berkeley: value from $4000 to $6000; will ex-
change San Francisco, San Rafael. Winters
or country property for suitable place with-
out incumbrances. Owner, FRED H. DAKIN,
104 Sutter St., San Francisco.
FINE farm, suitable for stock, dairy or hay:
955 acres; United States patent; improvements
good condition: plow and meadow land; will
trade for San Francisco or Berkeley real es-
tate. Owner, FRED DAKIN, 104 Sutter
st., San Francisco.
GILT-EDGE city income property for cash, or
what have you? Principals only. Owner,
box 4468. Call office. •_
WANTED— or vineyard, about 20 or 30
acres; give particulars; no agents. Address
4474, Call office. V '
TO exchange— Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry: all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6V4 P r cent on real estate; 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery et., room 3.
OAKLAND loans on real estate secured
promptly; reasonable interest and moderate
expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON. Real Es-
tate Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no '•"mmlsslon; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property: $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W.OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. . Room 7, 508 California st.\.: - . ;■ v;
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. . Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister, st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. ■in • wrapper, for mailing. - -
MONEY WANTED.
$1500 WANTED— Mortgage on Berkeley lots and
200 acres land; good security and will pay 8
per cent Interest In advance. Address R.,
box 114. Call office. . : ,
WANTED— S3OO; big Interest; good security.
Box 4472. Call office.
: FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real ! estate, bonds, • etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS, 108 Montgomery st.
— ~^ ~ ~" — — ™"^ T^g?!^ S
: V PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Offloe, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy. ;_
■■..-■-... -■ .■' >■ ■ ■ • ■ ". ""■ ■ •■■- .-;.;■-■ ■■■.'■. -'■'■'<' . ■"
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Must be sold by June 1. •-
sl3,ooo— Fine 3-story building; store and flats;
I extra large lot, 55x137:6; . only partially Im-
| proved, and rents $105; mortgage $10,500.
$1800— Eighteenth st., near Church; lot 25x100;
I good 4-room cottage and bath.
$100 CASH, BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
j $1500— cottage on Diamond St.. close to
Castro and Chenery; contains 5 rooms and bath.
$6Soo— Broderick St., near California; 2 mod-
j crn flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc. rent
! $62 50; lot 27:6x50. , «
$1250— A fine new residence ,of 8 rooms and
bath, just completed; all modern improve-
ments; latest plumbing; lot 25x100; in select
j neighborhood; Park Panhandle district; 117
j Beulah st., near Shrader.
! $8000— Folsom st., near Eighth; large lot, BOx
90, with 2-story house of 10 rooms; portion ol lot
vacant.
$6500 — Rents $780 per annum: new, handsome
flats, on best portion of Hayes st. short walk
from Market at. ; large lot.
$4500— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine St., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; lot has two
frontages.
$25,000— Golden Gate aye.: corner of prominent
street; large lot, 40x90; improvements consist
j or flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
$S2sO— Hayes st. near Fillmore; handsome
i flats of 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
I 27:bx137:6; rent $75.
Tehama St.. near Eighth; 2-story frame
I building, containing 8 rooms; also 2-story house
of 8 rooms rear; rent $35; lot 26x75. V* "
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A SELECTED LIST"
OF CHEAP LOTS.
$250 and upward— Nice level lots on Twenty-
sixth aye., close to Clement st. ; electric cars on
Clement st. ; $50 cash, balance $10 monthly.
Another Bargain— s2sso; corner Hayes and
Clayton sts.; 25x106; must be sold to close an
estate.
Only $700— Douglass St., near Elizabeth; street
graded, sewered and macadamized; |5x125; easy
terms.
$2750— Price reduced; Fulton St.. bet. Webster
and Fillmore; 25x137:6; nice neighborhood; a
good location for flats.
$1600— Cole St.. bet. Frederick and Waller;
25x100; street accepted; stone walks; only $300
cash required.
$2350— Baker st., bet. Oak and Page: over-
looking entrance to the Park Panhandle; very
sightly building lot.
$1000— Noe st., bet. Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth; 25x100.
$1000— aye., bet. Clement and Califor-
i nia sts.; be3t residence lots in Richmond: 25x
I 120 each; easy terms; $50 cash, $10 monthly.
$1400— Frederick St.. near Cole; sunny side;
! lots on grade: growing locality; 25x100; only
$250 cash required.
$850 each— Two lots on California st., bet.
Eleventh and Twelfth ayes.; 25x100 each.
$1000— A bargain; Jackson st.. near Cherry;
25x120; easy terms; street work done.
$1500— Walnut st.. near Sacramento; lot 32:7^
x 87:6; small cash payment: street bltuminized.
$2000— Van Ness aye., near Francisco st. 25x
100: street bitumlnized.
$1250— Carl St.. bet. Willard and Stanyan;
" 3XI3 ' 6 " BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
,16,000 TO LOAN AT , PER CENT.
Must be good San Francisco property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. 10 Montgomery 3t.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
! A— HIGHLY improved vineyard property near
Calistoga; 100 acres for $11,700; would con-
sider exchange for one-half, balance cash.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
A FINELY Improved ranch; 600 acres near
Concord; 25 acres . bearing orchard. 10 acres
vines. 200 acres grain: only $16,000; will ex-
change for one-half value; city property.
McAFEE BROTHERS. - . : ■ - -
A— ISO ACRES near Cottonwood. Tehama Coun-
ty; 18 acres in vineyard: 8 acres in orchard,
balance hay and pasture land: well improved;
price $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.
A MOUNTAIN retreat— Improved fruit and
stock ranch near Grass Valley; In mining dis-
trict; 220 acres; only $5000. McAFEE BROS.
A— PAYS $SOOO net per year; a splendid invest-
ment; finely improved ranch property In Aia-
meda County; price $150,000; would consider
exchange for city business property. Mc-
AFEE BROTHERS.
! A VINEYARD and Suburban Home!
With a good income; 50 acres, nearly all In
full-bearing vines; half a mile from Warm
! Springs, Alameda County; Improvements
| first class; price only $11.000. McAFEE BROS.
■ HANDSOME country hotel; new; 2-story brick
building in a thriving town on the railroad;
j 2 lots, each 60x110 feet; hotel covers one lot;
building cost over $12,000: price $8500: half tn
ca?h. balance on terms to suit; a live hotel
man can make money from the start. , ;
Wanted— A ranch for $1000 to $1500 cash.
Wanted— lands for listing in our
16-page paper of 10,000 copies; first publi-
cation.
If you have a ranch to sell or exchange
list It with us for our 16-page paper; circu-
lation 10,000 copies for June; to advertise Is
to sell.
Another snap; ranch: 30 acres: $600; finest
orange, lemon or alfalfa land; house 4 rooms;
good large barn: plenty of water for Irriga-
tion; one mile from railroad town.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldg.
10-ACRE tracts of fine vineyard land; only $5
per acre; near Auburn, Placer County; $5
down' and $5 monthly; a big snap. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
MODERN cottage In Berkeley for exchange
for country property: near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555, Call office.
TO LEASE— Dairy and fruit ranch; milk
route; 25 cows; 70 acres; adjoining Vallejo;
good opening for industrious family man with
some money. Address at once box 4554. Call.
THE best general ranch In California; 455
acres; two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good
hay land; Improvements cost $13,000; a snap to
the right parties. CLARK & CO., 224 Mont-
gomery st.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call.' Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. -: --■ ■•• 'V.
~~ PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— lmproved real estate suitable for
saloon; must be a bargain; from $7000 to
$12,000; state full particulars. Address "Cash,"
. box 4477. Call office.
MODERN residence wanted; 7 to 10 rooms;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Heights: cost not to exceed $S000:
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
WANTED — A country home for a paying 11-
quor business. SPECK & '"''"».■ 602 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT Lu»W.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. '•*<
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bougrht, sold,- exchanged, rented:
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a m. of June 24, 189S, for furnlshln* the
materials and performing the labor necensary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. , , .
Separate proposals will be received and
separate . contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and flli-
inif- 2 for the Iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work ; 4. f or
theplumblng and gas-fitting work; 6, for tht
tinning and galvan zed iron work; 6. ■ tor
nainting and varnishing.
PNo proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied = with ■■ a bond of such ■ proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
feast two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tf Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose a nd ' togetn
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed In
a sealed envelope addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the . Inclosed pro-
Dosal and delivered to the Merchants' Na.
fionai Bank -of, San Diego California, befor.
10 o'clock a. ■ m. ;of June 24. la9S.
10 Said proposals will hbe > publicly opened and
contracts based - thereon _ will be made on
June 24. 1898, at 10 o'clock a m.. at room 35,
Fisher Opera-bouse block, in San Diego, Call-
The contractors to whom contract* are
; awarded r will be required , to file with ; said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 26 per cent of the contract pric«
for the i faithful and proper performance or
■■'■ his contract. v ' ■\^" i \ . : " - '■" ' -' -'■■•;
Bm The plans and specifications of said build-
■ ing can be aeen during business , hours at the
office of Hebbard.& Gill, architects. Grant
building, San Diego, California, v. "
The Board ;of Trustees reserves • the right
to reject all proposals made. .
State Normal School ■of : San Diego, Cali-
■ fornla. '■■:-■ ■ ' ".- ■--.■. ■.-■■ ,•.;.--'...  ■■:,<■■ -*.-■
By W. R. GUT, President Board Truste««.vl
Attiwt: ROBERT C, JONES, Secretary. v
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FRUIT VALE; 2 lots. 57x120,' at a sacrifice; $500.
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
20 ACRES, finest in' Sonoma County; 10 in
. fruit bearing, 3V_ grapes, 6 1 grain; all fine
condition; horse, cow, 100 chickens; $2500. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
640 ACRES; stock ranch; " San Luis Obispo
County; lots wood; trade for Oakland house.
C. K. KING. 902 .Broadway, Oakland.
LOTS $75; $5 cash, $5 monthly; build your
home or we will' build for you; payment as
rent; $20 cash, $5 monthly; about % acre; ro-
mantic spot for a cozy home; trees, shrub-
bery, etc. soil and climate the best: Galindo !
Tract, East Oakland; streets all graded and
macadamized; city water ami sewer: 2 elec-
tric car lines and fine schoolhouse; nice
homes surrounding and building up rapidly;
price $500: a liberal discount for cash. Call or
send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. corner
Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
$3750— THE best bargain in all Oakland: a new,
all modern, two-story residence of 8 rooms;
porcelain bath; high basement with partly
cemented floor; wired for electric lighting:
also for electric gas lighting; call bells;
speaking tubes, etc.: well located on Grovel
St.. and only three blocks to Broadway and !
local trains; now rented $30 month. Apply
to ALuEN-GARFIELD CO., SO2 Broadway,
Oakland. ■
A— MONTHLY will buy a neat 3-room cot-
tage, running water, lot 50x125, In the Alvin !
Tract, near Elmhurst; only 45 minutes from !
San Francisco; price $450; local trains stop .
hourly at the property. JACOB HEYMAN.
11 Montgomery st. " ■
6-ROOM house; mortgage $1500; $300 above
mortgage takes place; don't fail to see It.
E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE—
Offer wanted; house 1224 Linden St., S
rooms, nice lot: neighborhood No. 1.
A new Colonial 7-room house. Second aye.
and East Fifteenth st., and will be sold 30
per cent less than cost.
• A new and modern 9-room house. East
Twenty-eighth st. and Eleventh aye.. East i
Oakland; no substantial offer refused for this
property.
The above properties are newest, best and j
cheapest homes ever offered for sale in this |
city and must be sold without reserve.
Call and see them or will send full descrip- i
tlon upon application.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
RAILROAD hotel, furnished; sell, lease, cheap; 1
see it at once. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broad-
way, Oakland. .
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco cot-
tage house and lot centrally located. Ad-
dress 562 Third St., Oakland.
~. OAKLAND NOISES TO LET.
HANDSOME modern cottage for sale in Fruit-
vale, Oakland, 5 rooms and lot 66:2-3x150, with
flowers and fruit galore; street sewered; price
to be fixed by buyer; owner Is East and
must have money; $400 all that Is required
at present; this is a rare opportunity. WM.
M. DeWOLF, 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage, 5 rooms ........911
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 1J
Upper modern flat. 6 r00m5.... 14
2-Etory neat 6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house 21
. 10-room residence, fine 60 ;
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 105* Broadway.
FOURTH aye.. 1311, East Oakland— B-room
house, handsomely furnished, piano; orchard,
stable, chicken house, gardens; rent $25; take
Hay wards car at Broadway Station; pass
door. _____________________________________
— — »i^— ■^"*^* — *^™—^"™
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR rent for 3 months, nicely furnished 9-
room house, Linda ViFta Terrace, Oakland;
pood terms" to right party. Address B. S. H.,
i 325 Sansome st.. San Francisco. _^
FURNISHED cottage. 6 rooms: large grounds:
flowerß, fruit: barn: In Frultvale. Address
C. G. JASPER. Fruttvale. P. O.
CHESTNUT, 2023— New 6-room cottage; neatly ,
furnished ; piano; $30. : .
OAKLAND HOTELS. ,
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and dcpuble rooms, $1 to S3:
suites, $2 50 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel. 864 Washington, /i block from station.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table Is a special feature: meals 15-;
up; epeclal rates week or mo. W. H. Ruehler
& Co.. Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
i SUNNY alcove suite, with or without board;
.'reasonable. 260 East Sixteenth"^. .
UNFURNISHED rms. to rent Abrahamson bdg,
PE. cor. 13th & Wash. Ahrnhamson Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
SUITE of pleasant sunny rooms; running
water; fireplaces: excellent board. MRS. E.
W. MERILL. 1427 Franklin st., Oakland.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny Ingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE I.QRNE. r.."2 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE}.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
! SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S Eleventh st.
FRUITVALH REAL ESTATE.
$1000 WILL buy a" house of 7 rooms, fine well, j
windmill and tank, flowers and shrubbery; !
lot 50x115; all fenced: easy terms If desired.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
i $13000— House of 5 rooms and bath, barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees; lot 100x105; all
fenced: 3 blocks from Frultvale Station.
I H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
I $2050 — cash, balance monthy Installments j
as rent: elegant 2-story house of 6 rooms |
and bath. in excellent condition; barn, choice i
fruit trees In bearing: lot 50x150; all fenced;
opportunity worth investigating. ■■ -
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale v Statlon.
| FOR EXCHANGE—
$2500— New modern house of 5 rooms sjid
bath; reception hall; lot 50x125; all fenced;
street work and sewerage all done; located
In the best part of Frultvale: unlncumbered.
For particulars see H. A. PLEITNER, , Frult-
vale. Station. East Oakland. ; i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
I , —
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnool_ and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUPE & REMMEL. .
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
SNAP— New house and hath; lot 50x150; good
location; E minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapln »t. ■
ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms board near beach. 1324
Clinton aye., Alameda. .■
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
CLINTON aye., 1904, Chestnut st. station, on
hay shore— Nicely furnished house, 7 rooms
and bath: boating, bathing: for 2 or 3
months. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 628
Market st. '
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TWO-STORY house to let. 421 Taylor aye.,
Alampdn: rent $13: large grounds. "■■>
BERKELEY HOUSES.
BEST, healthiest place on this coast: very
cheap to the right party; house, stable and
garden. In East Berkeley. Apply at Call.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
VINE st.. 2325 Berry man Station— Fine modern
reß., turn.; extensive grounds; marine view.
BERK ELE V R^OMS AN D BO aRDINQ;^
BANCROFT? 224T, Berkeley— Sunny, well-fur-
nlshed rooms with board; fine view; five min-
utfs to Berkeley sta_lon I __J________j________
~ ; , , ST ORAGE.
FURNITURE ' trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
i age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.'
| PiERCE-RUDOLPH Storage i and ; Moving Co. ;
j office, Tenth and Market: telephone- South 16».
FOR lawest rates ,go to -LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St.: open • evenings.
— — — r— ' TYPEWRITERS. \
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for -samples and ;
prices. ALEXANDER & C 0... 110 Montgomery. j
! YOST ' good order, $25; send for ; sample ! work.
. I BCOTT . & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
■;■:.;. physicians. .-■. / . ..
DR C C iO" DONNBLL,- office and * residence.
, 1206 V arket ; \ dise««es 7of , women a BDeclaity.
'. ' ' " ' • ■'..'':■-.'--■*..'■■: : ■'■ ■ • .' - -
HOUSES TO LET.
A— S2O— SNAP; 7 room and bath house; nice
yard; Leavenworth st. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ___^
ALL OVER TOWN ■ r-j--
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
PANHANDLE district, new house, 7 rooms;
403 Clayton st. ; rent $30; water free.
SACRAMENTO st.. 1630— North side, east of
Polk; sun all day; new, clean and pretty;
Ingraio paper; new chandeliers; marble and
tile lavatory; art windows; mahogaqy and
oak mantels; new cedar closets with mirrors
in doors; porcelain bath tub with marbie
washstand; servant's room, laundry, etc. In
basement; postorflce and cross lines cable
cars at door; key on premises 1 p. m. to-day.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms, bath, in good condi-
tion; rent $18. 2828 Pine Bt.
TURK, ."24, rear, near Larkin— Modern sunny
6 room house; bath; gas; $18 with water.
VALENCIA, 705— Upper part of house, 5 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
$3— HOUSE 5 rooms; best condition; healthy-
place. 1555 Kearny st.. near Greenwich.
$9— 6-ROOM house, newly renovated; large
yard; water free. 3348 Folsom st.
$10— HOUSE of 3 rooms, with large basement
and yard. 140 Rose aye.
$25 — SUNNY house, 1 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth Bt.
$26—15 Oak st., near Market; 8 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage. 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent $3; rear cottage.
BAY-WINDOW cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
914 Alabama St., near Twenty-first.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; basement; mod-
ern. 520 Oak st.
COTTAGE; 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
large lot with stable. 107 Twenty-ninth st.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and floor of 3 rooms for
housekeeping. 923 Shotwell st.
FOR RENT— Cottage house; 2 large sunny
rooms with yard and basement. 622 Minna.
NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; rent $10.
3272 Folsom st. ; key next door.
SUNNY cottages^ 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st., near
Dolores.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 109 Collins st., near Geary.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A— slo— 4 ROOMS, near Fourth and Mission.
A— slB— s rooms, bath. Geary st., newly
painted.
A— s23— Elegant brand new 6 rooms, enamel
bath: 10 other new flats. BPECK & CO.. 602
Montgomery St.
BIRCH aye., s—Four5 — Four rooms and bath; nicely
furnished.
GRAND house, 15 rooms. 2 baths; 2 pianos;
grandly furnished; carpets new; young folks
gone; too much care for old folks; a rare
chance $100
8-room house and bath, elegantly furnished,
including piano, and modern In every re-
spect; long lease to right party; chance for
fine home for two-thirds of real value $50
9-room house and bath, nicely furnished;
larjje sunny rooms; furnace In basement;
nice yard and garden; no cars on street, but
within half a block; Investigate this $55
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 403-404 Examiner bldg.
MODERN* Improved house. 7 rooms, bath, yard;
furnished or unfurnished; centrally located In
warm belt of Mission. Box 4480, Call office.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely rural .hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm.
$43 — Mrdern lower flat; S rooms, bath; piano.
Call from 10 to 2. 1808 .Vallejo St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tb« Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
ALABAMA. $32 — Flat of 5 sunny rooms, bath
and stationary tubs: $13.
AN upper flat, 3 rooms, bath, yard, $10. 409^4
Thirteenth St., above Valencia-
A MODERN flat. 6 rooms, porcelain bath: rea-
sonable rent. TO, Ellis st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 1U Montgomery et.
CASTRO, 1512, near Twenty-fifth— Flat, 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror-top mantels; $11 50.
CLAY, 1229— Five modern sunny rooms and
bath.
DALE place, 16, oft Golden Gate aye.. near
Leavenworth— Flat of 4 rooms.
ELEGANT new upper flat: marine view; 7
rooms; rent $35. 1438 Jackson st, cor. Larkln.
FIFTEENTH, 2176. bet. Noe and Market— s
sunny rooms and bath: water free; $13.
FILLMORE, 207, near Halght— Upper flat of 5
sunny rooms and bath.
FLATS, 5 and 6 rooms; Improvements; good
cellars; one block Jackson st. cars. 1133
Pae 1 fl c st.. near Jones.
FOLSOM, 1154— Four-room flat; even with side-
walk.
FOLSOM. S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats. 6
rooms, bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1916— Sunny upper flat;
6 rooms, bath and yard.
GROVE. 10. near City Hall— EleganJ top flat;
5 rooms; bath.
GROVE, 729 A —Lower flat four light sunny
rooms: bath.
HARRISON. 2041, opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HAVES, 825— Sunny Hat of 6 rooms; bath; large
yard; basement: $26.
HAVES 1751. and 1706 Waller— Sunny flats; 3
to 5 rooms and bath; $7 50 to $15; near park.
HYDE 232, between Turk and Eddy— Com-
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping.
LAGUNA, 1814, bet. Bush and Pine— Lower flat
of three large rooms and basement; rent $12.
LEAVENWORTH, 1523, bet. Pacific and Jack-
son—Upper flat of 5 rooms; rent $14.
McALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
McALLISTER. 2046— Modern flat, 6 rooms and
bath; rent $15. _^
MODERN flats. 5 and 6 rooms; bath; yard;
basement: rent $13 and $14. 339 Jersey st..
near Castro.
MODERN flat. 1007 Lombard st.. near Hyde-st.
cars.
MOPS, 30. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Five large
rooma and bath. Key at corner of Howard.
NINETEENTH, 3*30. bet. Noe and Sanchez-
Flat. 5 large rooms, bath, gas, large yard;sl2 50.
NOE, 151—2 nicely furnished rooms; modern
flat; gas range; grate; bath; $li.
PACIFIC aye., 1671— Four sunny rooms; bath;
$14. .
PAGE, 430, near Webster— New handsome flat,
7 rooms: latest improvements; rent reason-
able; garden; reference.
PAGE. 1614— Desirable sunny 5-room flat; nice
order.
POLK. 1710, near Clay— Sunny new bay-window
flat, 7 rooms and bath, $25.
POST, 625— An elegant flat of 7 rooms and
bath, $35 month. __^__
SANCHEZ! 489, corner Eighteenth— Elegant
new flat of 5 rooms and bath; $12.
SHOTWELL, 4A, near Fourteenth— Flat of 4
sunny rooms and yard; rent reasonable.
SIXTH 322 — Flat Of 6 rooms and bath; rent
cheap. Apply on premises.
SUNNY upper flat; special offer to party with
desirable references. Owner, box 4467. Cail.
TENANT wanted for a rich little ranch of 60
acres 3 miles of Santa Cruz; apple orchard;
vineyard, pears, etc.; new hardwood house:
farming utensils, etc. Particulars of JULIEN
SMITH. Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery.
TWENTIETH, 2703, cor. Hampshire— Upper flat
of 6 large sunny rooms, $17; stable, $19.
TWENTY -SECOND, 3440. nr. Fair Oaks— Sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms; bath; basement; $15.
TWENTY-FIFTH, cor. Folsom— Four modern
sunny rooms and bath.
WEBSTER. 612 — A corner flat of 6 rooms; yard;
no children.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14. $15, $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
$8 60— MIDDLE flat. 3 rooms. 256 Harriet St.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant. Sixth and Seventh.
f22^itboM flat. 815 O'Farrell st., near Masoo;
no car fare. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$22— Fine flat; good neighborhood. 607 Guerrero;
6 rooms; bath.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions nnd want ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
$22— SUNNY flat of 5 rooms and bath; comfort-
able; piano; for 8 or 4 months; references.
BCBA Bartlett st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 1101, cor. Ninth— Three nice furnish-
ed front rms, complete for housekpng; cheap.
BUSH, 710— Flat of 4 sunny connecting rooms
and bath. $16; also lower flat, $14; very cen-
tral. . ,". ". . ■ - ' ■■ ,'■ ";.
CALIFORNIA. 826, near Powell— sunny house-
keeping rooms. $15: also 3 at $10. •'■
CAPP, 329 — 3ur.ny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath.
DEVISADERO, 1611— Furnished rooms, sunny,
housekeeping; very reasonable; rent $12.
DOLORES, 1100— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
.rooms; convenient: rent only $2, $3; private.
EDDY, 118 — Light, clean housekeeping rooms,
$6 up; other rooms cheap; no transient.
EDDY. 617 2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; range.
EDDY, 915—2 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gas range; fine location; private resi-
dence.^
EDDY, 917— Desirable housekeeping rooms; gas
range, bath, garden; private; splendid locat'n.
EIGHTH, 34, near Market— furnished
housekeeping sunny room; kitchen; hot and
cold water; bath; private family.
FIFTH. 322— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FILLMORE, 205— unfurnished rooms.
FILLMORE, l&20---Furnished splendid house-
keeping: sunny room; separate kitchen.
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. Ninth— Front suite, kitchen
complete; aiso single rooms; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 2848— 3 or 4 " sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; gas stove; cheap.
FOURTH, 225 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. ■ - *
FOURTH. Furnished housekeeping ■ rooms
or lodgings; reasonable; respectable; clean
beds. ~—
FRANKLIN, 214, corner— or 4 sunny rooms,
bath, gas; complete for housekeeping; rea-
; sonable. ___^
FULTON, 116— Large well-furnished room, with
I summer kitchen, complete. $8 per month.
GEARY, 111—2 nice front housekeeping rooms;
also front single; very reasonable. -
GEARY, 566, formerly 618— Elegant sunny par-
lor; suites, single, double rooms; also house-
keeplng. " '
GEARY. 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds: two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 527—2 nice front connect-
ing rooms for housekeeping; rent -cheap.
GOLDEN GATE, 1059—1 sunny . unfurnished
front room: running water; closet.
HAIGHT. Three - large sunny rooms and
alcove; $10. ■
HARRISON, 618— Common-sense adult can
have 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, with stove,
for $5; everything handy.
HARRISON, 61S— 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms. 2 upstairs; stove; $11 to quiet adults.
HARRISON, Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: large yard: rent $16.
HOWARD. 625— Large front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
JACKSON. 3019— 1n elegant residence, beauti-
ful double room and sunny kitchen, furnished,
large hall carpeted In moquette; bath; $20.
JONES, Sunny furnished rooms, $6 to $12;
3 housekeeping rooms, $18 a month.
JONES, 923—3 elegantly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas stove; also single.
LANGTON, 15^4 — Three neat sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; apply. V:
LEAVENWORTH, 811—4 rooms, bath; furni-
ture; young couple; no children; references;
$16 month. -
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping. __^
MINNA 645— Nice sunny room, furnished or
partly; suitable for gent or lady: cheap.
MISSION, Large rooms, complete for
housekeeping. $1 50 a week; tes, $10.
MISSION. Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 947—2 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 1063— Clean sunny rooms; house-
keeping: others; no objection to children.
MISSION, — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; housekeeping complete; strictly pri-
vate.
MISSION. 1217— Sunny front bay-window suite,
.pleti for housekeeping: rent reduced.
1 MISSION, 1729 V. near Thirteenth— furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $7; other
rooms cheap^ _^
■ NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Furnished house-
keeping , suites, $1 50 per single, 75c.
NINTH. 21— Large sunny bay-window r rooms;
running water, gas; very, reasonable.
OCTAVJA, 1403, corner Geary— room,
with kitchen, $12; bay window, $S.
PINE, 70fi'_— 1. 2or 3 fine sunny large rooms;
gas; bath; private.
PT. LOBOS AYE., 1819; cor. Eighth— 4 large
sunny unfurnished rooms $10.
POLK. Complete for housekeeping. Includ-
■ ing gas for stove; clean sunny room: $9 mo.
POST, 10158, near Larkln— Four rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; sun all day; $3:50;
large bay-window room. $9; In modern flat.
PROSPECT place, 123, near California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— l to 4 rooms,
bath, complete housekeeping, $4 to $15; pri-
vate German family. . ' -
RAUSCH, 49, bet. Folsom and Howard— Three
', neatly furnished housekeeping rooms.
I SACRAMENTO. 1365 — 3 rooms; separate en-
trance: rent $7; good yard.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.'
ST JAMES, Laguna and McAllister— Choicest:
best In city; lowest rates; furnished or not.
SUTTER. 550— Sunny basement floor of 2 rooms;
/ furnished for housekeeping; gas, bath.
SUTTER 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite; also housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 207 — Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; also furnished. . -
THIRD. 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing: rent $7. ■ • ■ '• " ■■ "■ '
THIRD 862— Front sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished', housekeeping; first floor; $2 25 week.
THIRTEENTH, 437, between Valencia and
Guerrero— Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath, $14..
THREE sunny furnished rooms; gas stove; to
respectable parties only. Apply 40 Geary st.
TURK. 543— Large front rooms, . complete for
housekeeping: gas and bath; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS. 1021—2 sunny suites; gas range;
$22 60 and $15. ..-■.■.
WASHINGTON, 1025%— large unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: also 2 furnished.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tinns and want ads taker..
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter Furnished and'un-
furnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 717 Sutter. near Taylor— Choice; appre-
ciated if . seen; please investigate.
APARTMENTS; ■ quiet, homelike; reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton St.; trunk-
moved to any part of city. 230; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 > Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, •en suite and single: first-class
tn every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second st.— Nice clean slngje, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 week up. . 
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or T month. .
BOHEMIA 239 Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath, gas, elevator; very central.
BRYANT, 430— Sunny rooms; reasonable; close
to Third and Townsend depot.
BLENA VISTA aye., 44» (Ashbury -Heights)—
.To let, June 1. fine family ; residence of 10
rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with use
of piano and stable; grand view. ;.
CALIFORNIA.. 1520— Pleasant sunny rooms; hot
and cold water; table board optional.,.
CENTRAL aye., 404, < adjoining = Panhandle-
Sunny rooms, wit. : best of board; references.
CHELSEA place, 4, off Bush, below Powell-
Large sunny newly furnished . room , in pri-
.,' vate family. •,■■'".. = ■■■.--.-. ■ .'■ : ;: . ■ " ; ; '
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
urnißhed single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
DIAMOND. 40— Large I well : furnished front
room In sunny cottage surrounded jby flowers.
EDDY, 628— For 2 or more gentlemen, ; elegantly
furnished sunny, front bay-window suite, con-
necting bedroom ; running water, bath, gas,
grate; private; references. .■■
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up. -...-. .■• : . V-r. T .
ELLIS, 327— An elegantly : furnished . suite;
piano, - light v housekeeping:;' $30 per ; month.
ELLIS. ■ 418 : (Grand : — First-class sunny
* rooms and suites for cents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant ■ sunny 1 unfurnished
.. rooms to let '.::• .", •?: :••' ■■'-■> i
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. ■:-:,. .!.."•':■ y : -: ~ , v :■/ . ■.-...:' ?■ "■■
FURNISHED rooms In all r parts "of - city; I sin-
; gle, double and en suite. f 1023 Market st.-f
GEARY, 622— Pretty, sunny bay-window front
= room; . running water; -. slngie room-. ;■ . ■
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
GEARY. 80SA— Handsomely furnished sunny
front bay-window room, suitable for 1 or i
I gentlemen; rent $12. ,
i GIRARD House, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Pleasant rooms, single and housekeeping;
lowest rates. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Sunny front rooms;
running water; also housekeeping.
j GLOBE Houso. S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
I $1; week, •$1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
i GUERRERO, Sunny bay-window front
1 . alcove : room, well furnished ; cheap.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. .
i HARRISON. 925— Furnished front room, with
closet and bath; $4. __________
HOWARD. 741— Just opened; newly furnished
front and other rooms: bath; gas; $5 mo. up.
HOWARD. 959— A nice sunny room in a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
JESSIE, 333 — Large bay-window furnished
room, suitable for 2, $10.
JESSIE. 373, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
front room only $5. ■. '■■■■■:
KEARNY.- 104— Three unfurnished rooms and
bath; with private family, $15. '--
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room furnished, 1 or
j 2 persons, $7: large back room, $5."
: LARKIN, 1014— Small room with closet; suitable
for ger.tleman: private fam. ; no children; $6.
LEAVENWORTH, 410— Large sunny front
room: first floor; man and wife; use of
kitchen; no children.
LEAVENWORTH, 1015—3 connecting unfur-
nished basement rooms and bath; rent $10.
MARKET. 1122 (The Parker House)—
furnished suites; reasonable. ■
MARKET, 1211," near Siith (Ellis House)—
Furnished rooms, $1 50 to $6 per week; tran-
sient. __
MARKET. 1032— Thoroughly renovated; nicely
furnished sunny rooms; suites or single; suit-
able for doctor or offices; also housekeeping
rooms. $6 up. • __
MARTHA place, 6. south of Geary, above
Mason— Sunny room. $5 month.
MASON, 18 (Silver Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 60 to $3; suites.
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON, 411— Fine sunny furnished suite in
private family; bath; telephone; very rea-
sonable. .
MCALLISTER, 14— A few large sunny rooms;
studios, office, $7 month; suits $12.
MINNA. 28— Furnished rooms. $1 per week:
housekeeping rqoms; piano free. __
MINNA, 450— Neat furnished single room;
. rent $4. . - . • ■ ■
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week.
MISSION, 1037— Large bay-window front room;
folding bed; bath and gas; rent, for 2. $8.
MISSION, 122 C —Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10. month.
MISSION. 1429— Front room suitable for 2 gen-
tlemen ; rent $S; also single rooms. $4.
MISSION, lc Furnished sunny pretty room;
bath; rent $7. .
NATOMA, 102, corner Second— corner
room, nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
NATOMA, 919 — 2 connecting rooms, nicely fur-
nished, $7; light housekeeping If desired.
NINTH 20, near Market— Front sunny suite; 1
or 2 beds; light housekeeping; single; water:
gas. '
NINETEENTH. 4059, near Castro— Elderly Ger-
man lady wishes small family to take part of
flat; near car lines.
OAK, Large light sunny front room; suit-
able for work shop or storage; cheap.
OAK. 42— Newly furnished sunny room.-
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room, $7.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75-
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POLK, 1403— Large bay-window . sunny front
room; use of kitchen. . _■ ■
POST, 216—3 connecting sunny rooms, sultabl-
for offices or otherwise. .
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
I class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHtILZ.
I RITCH. 36, bet. Folsom and Harrison— Sunny
j • furnished front room; rent reasonable. ■
SEVENTH. 553 — unfurnished rooms; sunny
cottage : $9. ______
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth ■_.
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, — Single and double rooms. $1 sb'.
week up: complete housekeeping. $10 mo. up.
SOUTH • PARK, 46— Nicely furnished front
room. with bath; new flat. ■
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate bods, $10: sunny single room. $1 50.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Nice large sunny
rooms; kitchen if desired; very cheap.
TURK, 1227— Laree sunny furnished front
room, with use of piano.
VAN NESS aye., 613—3 furnished rooms, sepa-
rately If desired: 14 each. Call 11 to 4.
ROOMS A.i«D BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new cheerful: first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS, . Nicely furnished rooms, • best
, board; $20 per tonth. ■ ;
FOLSOM 511— Swedish private boardtng, with
room. $1 to $5 per week: nice location. ;
FOURTH, Room and board in private fam-
ily. $4 per week.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 618. above Van Ness-
Nice sunny rooms, with board for 2, $38.
GOOD home in private French, family: sln 6 l»
,or en suite. 1011 Hayes st. .:...■-. ■-
HANDSOMELY furnished room; marine view.
modern; good table; for couple $50. Address
box 4466, Call office.
MINNA, — Nice sunny rooms and board;
. private;- Investigate. •
PINE. — To rent, with board, sunny suite of
unfurnished ■ rooms.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front .room, H week.
SUTTER. Sunny suite; single rooms:flr_t-
class board; largegrounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE — With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with hoard for 2. $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly. ■
VAN NESS aye., Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric l!_hts. bath, with board;
terms moderate. ■ ■ . -
$4 A MONTH: sitting and bedroom combined;
gunny: qentlprr.an ; furnished. Box 4497. Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ORPHVLrrgTr'r^a^uTir'^lirSrglven good
home and schooling for services. Box 4443.
Call office. ■ ..
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children or
infant. 8279 Seventeenth St.. near Mission.
RELIABLE lady will board infant or 1 or 2
children : nice yard; own, cow. 339 Jessie st.
AN eMeriy lady will take Infants to board; a
motor's' care: references; 234*4 Sixth «t
STORES TO LET.
A NICE large store to let at 628 Post St..
rent $20. _ "
CORNER store: 4 rooms and stable; rent $16:
22d-st- cars pass the door. 3--1 Twenty-fourth
St.. corner of Vlckeburg.
NE cor. Pacific and Sanaome-Handsome cor-
ner store, with or without basement; cheap.
i SMALL store to let. between Laguna and Fell
I sts. : Inquire grocery, Hayes and Laguna sts.
STORE 4 rooms and stable: .corner Twenty-
fourth and Vicksburg sts ; Twenty-second-st.
' cars: rent $15.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK room. Emma Spreckels building, ' room .
I : 608. ■ between 1 and 2p. m. , . '-""■■';'
I OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vault,
at CLARK & CO' 224 Montgomery St..
next the Mills building; (agents for the sanl-
; tary stills). -
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter st..
■ : corner Leavenworth.
LEGAL NOTICES.
RA.IJRO-Vir"Consolidatton— Pursuant to the
i statute In such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
! cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rall-
i way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company , and the California Paclflo
Railroad . Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
: the State of California, upon the. written con-
Bent of the stockholders holding more thaa
three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
" said corporations," made and j entered . Into la
■' ! accordance with such consent, and pursuant
■to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided did. on the 14th day of s. April, vA.- D.
1898' amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, j property, assets and franchise,
under the corporate name " and .style of . th«
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. i '"|||WW
-■7? \ ~; ■:■■■' - J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary ot the Southern Paclflo Railroad
- * fia — uN»*nnl_i__. --1 If a- _. " I*_t
1314
MEDICAL..
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no;
delay; aelf-cure tent; call or write; free; con- ,
fldentlal. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
Bt. : pills. $1; very strong. $2; cure, %S.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed j
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects'- taken In time It also acts as a pre- I
ventive; price Jl 50 per box. sent free by ;
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all i
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution- Before pur- i
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS QOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
Stored in one day. or no Charge; restores
Ftrength nnd vigor of organ unexcelled; ma- I
ternity home, best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, IS: pills. Jl: when others fail, ,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near ;
McAllister st. j
NEW process: a great progress in medical j
science for female trouble; no matter from 1
what cause; no medicine or instruments j
used: restores in one day without fail; every ■
woman her own physician; away, disgrace;
consultation free; can be sent and used at ;
home: by the well known DR. POPPER. 318 ■
Kearny st.; pills nnd capsules, $1. I
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stflmps for particulars, 1
••Relief for Lndles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times \
when others have failed; no instruments used: ,
home in confinement: pills and capsules, $1;
rVOTT case guaranteed: consultation free and ;
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. '
PR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments U6ed; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers h»lped Instantly;
home In confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every j
comfort; best care and attendance; terms ]
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st., j
formerly of SOO Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. V. : diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothere — Seguro; price
$1 RICHARDS & CO.. 40fi Clay St.; send
2c Ftamp for particulars to Keguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 581 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, n boon to ladles with |
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; J2 50;
express C. O. T>. ; don't delay until too late. !
1 SQOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oaklr.nd, Cal. j
LADY with strong healing, power would like
patients to treat at their homes: rheumatism
and nei-vous diseases a specialty. Box 4469,
Call office.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. ; pri-
vate home In confinement: competent physi- 1
clans and nurses; trms. rens. Powell-st cars.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom St.. takes ladles
at her home In their confinement: terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. !) McAllister St.; diseases of
won-.en and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem- j
edies; 38 years' experience. 254'' 2 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United j
States or Canada one year for Jl 50, postage J
free.
LOST.
LOST— RoII of typewritten manuscript, on !
Mi nt^omery. Slitter or Kearny sts., bet. Mlll3
building arid Post st. Finder will please re- |
•turn to room 43. ninth floor. Mills building.
LOST— May 27. pocketbook containing papers of
no value except to the owner. Return to :
southeast cor. Suttcr and Kearny sts., or 2(9 1
Valencia st. J. K. WKYPURN.
LOST— Fox-terrier; black eye and brown spot
on flank. Reward if returned to 115 Geary j
st., upstairs.
LARGE pfiding cat. dark gray, striped black,
corner Van Ness aye. and Vallejo st. Re-
ward for return to 1602 Vallejo St., flat 2.
LOST— St. Bernard bitch 12 months old. orange
and white. Return to JACOB SCHL'TTEN.
1602 Geary, and receive reward.
LOST— Near the city front, a gold hunting-case '
Swiss watch, double chain and diamond
]ock>t. The finder will be liberally rewarded
by returning sajne to 316 Sacramento st.
LOST— Trish terrier bitch: an.-wprs to th» name |
of Puppy. 521 Thirtieth St.; reward.
FOIXD.
FOT'ND— Purse; call at 2117 P.ush st. and prove |
ownership. C. BUCHANAN.
BICYCLES.
j
W-VNTED — Bicycle: second hand; state price, '
etc. Box 46j1". Call.
MARRIAGE LICEXSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows-
Glacomo Caprlla and Lena T. Cafferata 31-16
H-r-Hrrt Grey and Mattie IV McAlpine :;-!;<
FMward Watson and Olli Pen.nell 27-19 .
Cnrl A. Peterson and Gerda E. Haselbled. .26-26 :
Guissip» V. Rolen and Lizzie McCoy 23-22
Ralph S. Hawley and Addle E. Krelcrer 33-27
Charles H. Bliss and Helen M. And»rssen.. 26-20
Gustav Romande and Margaret Monohan.. 29-35
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by i
mail will not he inserted. They must be
handed in at cither of the publication offices j
and b-> endorsed with th.-- nam" and residence of |
parties authorized to have the same Dublished. |
HORN. I
ALLEN— In this city, May 27, 1898, to the wife
of W. O. All-n, a son.
BAREILLES— To the wife of John P. Ba-
reilles, a son.
BOUQUET— In San Pablo, May 16, 1898, to the
wife of J. E. Bouquet, a son.
CARMAN— In Seattle, May M, }898, to the wife
of Stephen A. Carman, a daughter.
DILLON— In this city, M,iy 28, 1898, to the wife
of John Dillon, a daughter.
DODSON— In Cambria, May 16, 1898. to the wife
of h. Dodson. a son.
PARNSWORTH— In Hanford. May 24. 1898. to |
the wife of Charles Farnsworth. a son.
GERCKEN— In this city. May 17, IR9S. to the
wife of Charles Gercken. a son.
GILLIAM— In Paddock District. Kings County,
Cal., May 23, 1898. to the wife of Mr. GU-
liam, a son.
HAMPTON— In Cambria. May 13. 1898. to the
wife of A. Hampton, a daughter.
LEOPOLD— May 26. IS9B. to the wife of George
A. Leopold, a daughter.
McDERMOTT-May 24, 1?? S. to the wife of
James E. McDormott, a son.
McKAY— In this city, May 28, 1898, to the wife
of G. 8. McKay, a son.
MAYNARD— In Santn Clara. May 26. 1898, to
tiie wife of Jame.s W. Maynard. a son.
MOHR— In this city. May 20, 1898, to the wife
..f A. M'lhr, a son.
MONSEES— In this city. May 23. 1898. to the
wife of John Monsees. a daughter.
MORAN— In this city. May 24, lSi'B, to the wife
of Frank J. Mnran, ;i ■ >n.
KEWRIHARA— In this city. May 20, IR9B, to
the wife of Arthur E. Newrihara, a son.
STRAUSS— Mny 24, 1898, to the wife of Arthur
Strauss, a daughter.
TANNAHILL— In this city. May 21, ISSB, to the
wife of J. A. Tannahill, a son.
Tl'OHY— ln Round Valley, May 22. 1593, to the
wife of James L. Tuohy. a daughter.
WALSH— In this city. May 27, I»9R, to the
wife of Dr. R. L. Walsh, a daughter.
WOOD— In Corona, May 23, IS9B, to the wife of
H. A. Wood, a son.
WOOD— In Fltchburg, April 25, 1898, to the
wife of E. M. Wood, a son. 1
WOSSER— In Tiburon. May 22, 1898, to the wife
of J. J. Wosser, a son.
ZINK— In this city. May 25, 189S, to the wife
of Fritz Zink, a daughter.
MARRIED.
• EMITH— FREEMAN— In Martinez, May 19,
isns, by F. M. Smith. Justice of the Peace,
William B. Smith and Ai.nie A. Freeman.
HASKELL— HARRIS— In Visalia. May 23. IS9R.
by the Rev. J. A. Avcry, Frank Haskeil and
Helen Harris.
HOYKELDL.. — TONKIN' —In College Park,
May 20. ISPS, hy th» Rev. T. H. Hopkins,
Rev. Thomas Iloyselden and Mrs. Caroline
T«nkin.
HI'RD— FORRISTER— Near San Luis Obispo,
May 26. 1898, John ll. ' Hurd and Cynthia C.
Fnrrister.
MATLOCK— KEENAN— In Chicago, May If,
ISSS. at St. .Tarl;ith"s Church, hy the Rev.
Fntber T. F. Cushman, Louis L. Matlock of
Chicnßo and Annie C. Keenan of San Fran-
cisco.
MOYFJR- MOVER— In Colfax. May 10. 1898,
by the Rev. A. C. Duncan, C. H. Moyer and
Kate Uoyar.
WEIDMAN— RAT— In Tulare, May 25. IS9S, by
the Rev. H. E. Wllhite. C. E. Weidman and
Liitlfla I It:i\
WILLIAMS HOZKMAX- In Tulare, May 25,
18& R. by the Rev. Mr. Rradley. Don W. Wll-
llamb and Winnie Bnzpman.
DHBD.
Parry, James Kenny, Charles
DaaHott, Lillian M. King. John
nascl. Oueseppl Lolandc, Jean
Denelcs, Carl McAvoy, James A.
Boyle. Austin Murkn, Chiirleß
Uowman, Henry Mcnn. John F.
Briar Helona M<rrlll, Mary
Drun, Oanevlevs Munk. Ernst
Cii.-.n, Ira J. O'Connell. Surah
Cnllen. Annie O'Connor. John F.
Dorety, Charles Palmer, Mrs. Sarah
Fabbri, G. Pixley. Amelia
Favero, Michael Ryan, Annie M.
Foster, Mattie Sireneu. Jose
Gilbert, Minna Spiro, John
Graves, Mrs. Lusetta Pternberg. Clara
Grinner, Mary Sullivan. Nash J.
Hennlng, Otto Sutton, Robert H.
Hoag. William L. Vaughan. Gertrude
Hornbeck, Mary F. Walsh, Anise J.
.TM<-k*on. Amanda M. Wainwright, Edward
Judkins, W. C. Walton, Joseph
Kaufmann, Sophie Warren, John K.
Keane, Thomas J. Watson, Mrs. M. L.
Keith, Mrs. James Whelan, Nellie L.
' BARRY— In Soldiers' Home, Santa Monica,
Cal., May 25, 1593. James Barry, uncle of Mrs.
Mary E. Egan, a native of County Cork, Ire-
la !id. cged 77 years.
BASSETT— Ia Sacramento. May 27, IS9S, Lil-
lian M. Bassett, a native of Caniornia, aged
22 years.
BASSI —In this city, May 28, IS9S. Gueseppl
Bas:-.i (of Temescal Alameda County), hus-
band of the late Marh. Hassi. and father of
Mrs. L. Siegrist. a native of Switzerland,
ajjed 64 years 11 months and 1 day.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, fj-om the Masonic
! Temple, corner Post and Montgomery street.
Irterment Mountain View Cemetery, by 2
o'clock creek boat.
BENEKE— In this city. May 26. IS9B. Carl
Beneke. a native of Germany, aged 5i years.
BOYLE— In Antioch, May 26. 1898. Austin
Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged 42 years.
! BOWMAN— In Us Gatos, May 25. IS9S. Henry
Bowman, aged 74 years.
BRIEG— In Alameda. May 26, IS9S, Helena, be-
loved mother of Harry Brieg, a native of Ger-
many, aged 63 years 1 month and 17 days.
BRUN— In this city. May 27, IS9S. Genevieve,
beloved daughter of Dr. Louis E. and Teckla
Brun. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 15 days.
i CASE— In Sacramento. May 26. 1898, Ira J.
Case, a native of California, aged 25 years 10
months and 8 days.
I CULLEN— In this city, at the Potrero, May
27, 1898. Annie, beloved wife of Edward Cul-
len, and mother of Eddie and Katie Cul-
len. and niece of the late Michael Philbon. a
native o- County Mayo, Ireland, aged 30
years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Army and Missouri streets, Po-
trero. thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
i DOKETY— In Hamilton District, on Infirmary
road, near San Jose, Charles Dorety, a native
of California, aged 30 years 4 months and 26
days.
FABBRI— In this city. May 25. 1808, G. Fabbrt
(Baby), beloved husbßnd of the late Mary
Fabbri, father of Elizabeth. Romeo, George
! and Nellie Fabbri, son Oi Ester Fabbri, and
brother of Ferdinand Fabbri, a r.ative of
Italy, aged 44 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his ate resi-
dence. 6 Church avenue, between Vallejo
1 street and Broadway, thence to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FAVERO— In Sacramento. May 27, IS9S, Mich-
ael Favero. a native of New York, aged 66
1 years and 6 months.
FOSTER— In this city, May 27, ISOS, Mattie,
beloved wife of J. W. Foster, a native of
Brooklyn. N V., aged r.2 years.
, GILBERT— In this city. May 2S. IS9S. Minna, be-
loved wife of the late Michael Gilbert, mother
of Leo and Henry M. Gilbert. Mrs. Rose
Coleman, Mrs. J. Senary, Mrs. D. Zellnsky
and Mrs. h Coleman, and sister of I.
Stamper, a native of Posen. Germany, aged
65 years.
[IJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SO2 Vallejo street, thence to corner
Third and Townsend streets. 11:30 o'clock
train. Interment New Salem Cemetery. San
Mateo County.
GRAVES— Near Antioch. May 22. 1-8. Mrs.
Lusetta Graves. native of New York, aged
1 77 years fl months and 22 days.
! GRINNER— In San Jose, Mny 27, IS9S. Mary
Grinner, a native of Ohio, aged 59 years.
HEVNING— In this city. Mny 20, lb9S. Otto,
beloved husband of Mary Hennlng. and
father of Mrs. J. H. Ollson. Mrs. C. A. Beer, j
and Henry, Frederick. James. Charles,
George, John and the late Walter J. Hen- I
nlng, a native of Germany, aged 65 years S j
months and 24 days.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl- ,
dence. "62S Lombard street, thence to St. !
Peter's Episcopal Church. Stockton and Fll- I
bert streets, for services. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HOAG — In San Jose May 27. 1898, William L.
Hoag, a native of New York, aged 65 years
P, months and 22 days.
HORN BKC'K— In this city. May 28. 1898. Man' ;
F.. beloved wife of Gustis Hornbeck, daugh-
ter of Daniel and the late Celia McKenny. ;
and sister of John. Daniel and James Mc-
Kenny. a nntlve of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 25 ,
years 5 months and 27 days.
i JACKSON— In Panta Clara. May 26. 1898, !
Amandn M. Jackson, a native of New York.. |
aged 62 years.
JUDKINS— In Corona. May 24. W8 W. C. j
Judkins. aged 26 years and 4 months.
KAI'FMANN— In this city. May 2*. 18D8,
Sophie, beloved wife of Henry L. Kaufmann.
KEANE— In this city. May 2S. 1898, Thomas
Joseph, secmd son of Mary J. and the late |
Thomas Keane. a native of San Francisco, j
a ge,] 21 years.
ITTThe funeral will take place to-morrow 1
CM .nlav). at 10:30 o'clock, from Sacred Heart (
Church, corner of Fen and Fillmore streets. ;
Plr-a.-e omit flowers. Interment private.
KEITH— In this city, May 27, 1898, Mrs. James
D. Keith, beloved wife of Captain James D. ,
Keith, and mother of Mrs. John A. Cran- i
tori, a native of England, nged 62 years 2
months and ~> days. (New York and Boston I
paper* please copy.)
irTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence !
of her daughter, Mrs. John A. Cranford, 6;
Walnut avenue.
KENNT— In this city. May 26, 1898. Charles
Kenny, a n.:tlve of Ireland, aced 67 years.
KING— In Milpitas. Mny 2.". lSf'S. John King, ,
a native of Irelnnd, aged 57 year".
LALANDE— In this city, May 26. 189S, Jean :
Lalande. beloved father of Louis J. I^alande. j
a native of France, aged 77 years.
1 [CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of '
J. S. Godep.'.i. thence to Druids' Hall, where I
ser vices will be held, under the auspices of |
Perseverance Grove No. 10, U. A. O. D. In- j
torment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McAVOY— In this city. May 28. 189S, James |
Augustine MeAvoy, a native of Pennsylvania, j
r.ged 42 yearn.
MARKS— In this city, May 27, 1898, Charles i
Marks, a native of Germany, aged 58 years, j
MEAD— In this city. May 28. 1898, John F., \
dearly beloved husband of Julia A. Mead, !
and beloved father of Mrs. J. W. Hennessy, i
Mrs. W. H. Brlttain and Leslie, Katie. Mich- .
ael. John, Willie pud Winnie Mead, and
brother of Mrs. Bridget Brannan and the late
Michael Mean, a native of County Meath, Ire- 1
land, aged f>B years 10 months and 14 days.
[r^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late rest- ■
dence, 2247 Mission street, thence to St. i
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church I
streets, v here a solemn requiem high mass !
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. |
MERRILL— In Antioch, May 15, IS9B, Mary
Merrill, a native of Maine, aged 59 years 7 1
months and I*l days.
MUNK — In this city, May 26, IR9B, Ernst Munk, j
dearly beloved brother of Fritz Munk. Mrs. \
George Woller.schlaeger, William and Gus- j
tave Munk, Mrs. Loenhardt Maier and Mary j
Munk, a native of Unterturkhelm, Wurtem- j
berg. Germany, aged 19 years !> months and |
25 days. (Calistoga, Napa County, papers
please copy.)
(T3*Fr!end« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his r.lEter. Mrs. Loenhardt Maier, ESB Rrnnnan I
street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to !
Pt. Paulua German Evangelical Luth-ran |
Church, corner Eddy and dough stre.-ts, j
wh«re services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme- ■
tery.
O'CONNTSIir— In Sacramento. May 26, 189 S. |
S;ir,ih O'Connell, a native of California, aged !
3S yenrs.
O'CONNOR— In this city. May 27. 1?98, at 313% j
Grove street, John F. O'Connor, beloved
brother of the late Mrs. William Welch, a
native of Oneida County, New York, aged
26 years 8 months and 3 days. (New York j
papers please copy.)
(f;^»Frlends and noquainta.iees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from the par-
lors of' MeAvoy Si Co.. 123") Market street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALMER— In Saratoga. May 25, IS?S. Mrs.
Sarah W. Palmer, a native of Ohio, aged 61
years.
PIXLEY— In Corte Madera, Marin County,
Cal., May 2C. W?. Amelia Van Reynegom,
widow of the late Frank M. Pixley.
[CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at- !
tend the funeral services this day (Sun- I
day), at 2 o'clock, at her Inte residence, i
southwest corner of Union and Fillmore j
str»"ts. Interment private.
RYAN— In this city. May 27. 189R, Annie M.. I
beloved daughter of Timothy and Annie Ryan,
and lister of Mny, Wlnniford and Kittle
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 0 months and 20 days.
(r-^Frlends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 24'> Lexington avenue, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn j
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. 1
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIRENEU— In this city. May 28, IS9B, Jose Sir- i
eneu. a native of Azores Islands, aged 35 j
years.
BPIRO— In this city. May 26, 1898. John Spiro, |
a nntlve of Turkey, aged 58 years.
STERNBERG— In this city, Hay 27, 1898. Clara,
beloved daughter of D. L. and the late Ro-
salia Sternberg, and sister of Jennie, Sadie.
Morris. Henry and Less Sternberg and Mrs.
Ray Bilverman, a native of Detroit. Mich.
(rjrFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Pur.day). at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1421 Howard street. Train leaves
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1893.
" Third and Townsend stheets at 11:30 o'clock.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery-. • •- -■
C. of F. of A.— the officers and members of
Robin Hood Circle No. 58, C. of F. of A.
Worthy companions: You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
compalon, Miss C. Sternberg, this day (Sun-
I day), at 10 o'clock., from her late residence.
By order MAIMIE BACKKSS, C. C.
MAMIE SCHOEN, F. S.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 25, 1898. Naah
J., beloved husband of the late Mary Sulli-
van, and father of Daniel. Willie. David,
Eddy and Llziie Sullivan, Mrs.. Robert Stock-
fleth and Mrs. Charles Schiller, a native of
Ireland, aged 57 years and 5 months. (Bos-
' ton papers please copy.)
. ■'•■•' lET'Friends and acquaintances and members
of the G. A. R. are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral this day (Sunday), at
9:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 528 Third
1 street, thence to the Alcazar bu.lding, where
services will be held, under the auspices of
I James A. Garfteld Post No. 34. Interment
National Cemetery.
f ' SUTTON— In this city. May 27, 1898, ( Robert
. i Hall, youngest son of Walter and Bessie Sut-
ton. aged 1 year 7 months and 14 days.
[r:7"Funeral services in the chapel at Cy-
' press Lawn Cemetery, this day (Sunday), at
- • 4 o'clock.
: VAUGHAN— In this city. Gertrude, beloved
' ond oldest daughter of Jennie and the late
John Vaughan. a native of San Francisco,
I aged 0 years 6 months and 4 days.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
r her mother, 2964 Twenty-fourth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
. WALSH— At University Mound Home, May 27,
IS9B. Anise J. Walsh, a native of West India
Islands, aged 78 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to »ttend the funeral this day
: (Sunday), at 2 o clock, from the University
Mound Home. ■ Interment Masonlo Cemetery.
WAINWRIGHT— In this city. May 23, 1898.
. Edward Harold, beloved »on of Edward W.
and the late Emily Van Tassell Walnwright,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years and
6 months.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
I tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30
o'clock, from the family residence, 3 Tremont
1 avenue, near Waller street. Interment pri-
vate.
! WALTON— In this city. May 27, 1898, Joseph
Walton, a r.ative of England, aged 30 years.
'. WARREN— this city, May 27, 1838. John K.
Warren, father of Frank W., Sam 1., Irene
', E. and George W. Warren, a native of Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
(n7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, Sam I. Warren, 711 Shrader street,
thence to St. Agnes Church, Masonic ave-
nue, for pervices, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment private. No flowers.
' WATSON— In San Jose, May 24, 1808, Mrs. M.
L. Watson, aged 51 years 10 months and 15
1 days.
WHELAN— An anniversary solemn memorial
I mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Nellie L. Whelan, beloved
! wife of Will L. Whelan, at St. Agnes Church,
Masonic avenue, to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock. Friends are respectfully Invited to
attend.
! Y. M. I.— Mission Council No. 3. Y. M. I.:
The annual mass for the repose of the souls
I of the deceased members of Mission Council
No. 3. Y. M. 1., will be oelebrated at the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, to-morrow (Monday), at
9 o'clock. Members and friends of the Insti-
tute are respectfully invited to attend.
EUGENE CALLAN, President.
HENRY KUGELBERG. Secretary.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL IURECTOKS & KMBALMERS I
i 0 IJFTH ST.. Opp. Llncola 8oq»».. g
Telephone, South 80. I
Estab. 186S Tel. South 4T.
CRAIG COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22. 24 AND 26 AUNT AVENUE.
Lady uselEtAnts. Spacious chapel for the u»
cf our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAI.MERa
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Nebs aye., near Market at.. San
Francisco. Telephone" So. 168. .."
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emilia de and George Urioste y Vlterl and
Fidela Urioste y Vltert de Urruela (wife
: Juan) to Adolfo de Urioste y Vlterl, undivided
; 3-16 of following: N Oak 52:6 E Gougrh. E 27: C,
N 120, W 35, S 25. E 7:6. S 95; also lot on 8
i line of Pacific street, 137:6 E of Laurel, E 137:6
; by S 127:8 Vi; $10.
Fidela Urioste y Viterl de Urruela (wife
Juar.i, Adolfo de and Jnrge Urioste y Vlteri to
, Emilia de Urioste y Viteri, undivided 3-18 of
| following, K'E corner Fortieth avenue and R.
j street, B 240 by N 600; NE corner Twenty
i sixth avenue and O street, B 12<i by N 600: $10.
Jane Campbell to Abble E. Hall. N line of
1 Hermann street, 106:3 E Steiner, E 26 by N
i 130) $10.
! James and Sarah Perry to Friedrlch Muller,
let on P lino I!r-snan street, 140 E of Guerrero,
E « by S 82: $4500.
Ellen L. O'Neill to Michael J. and Mary Ma
; hony, SE corner Darbon (Mission aye-
I nue) and Seventeenth streets, being 327 W of
! Valencia. S I'M) by X 51: $10.
John J. Norton to Hugh J. Carey, re-record
■ of 1751 and 311, lot on E line of Dolores street,
126:6 N of Nineteenth. N 26:6 by E 110; $10;
' lot on line of N Fifteenth street. 148:6 E of
i Guerrero, thence 30, N 102, E 15:6, S to N Fif
teenth; $10.
Julia Swanson (wife John) to Harry W.
! Kool, SW corner Sparks street (or Fifteenth)
. and Xoe, S 30 by W IM>; $10.
Sarah McKeamey to Sadie J. McKeamey, lot
on E line of Leavenworth street, 115:6 S of
' Ellis. S 22 by E 2:6: $10.
Ellen Ross to Neil O'Neill, lot on N line of
Bay street. ISS W of Leavenwurth, W 40 by N
! 137:6; $10.
John, Patrick and Mary Movies and Wll-
I Ham Smith to W. F. Williamson, undivided
; or.<*-g,uarter Interest in lot on NE line of Lan;;
: ton (Downey) street, 217 SE of Bryant, SE 24
j by NE 80; $10.
John and Elizabeth Klelnhaus to John A.
Russell, lot on SE corner of Thirty-second av
enue and J street. E 57:6 by S 100; $10.
Elsie M. Whittle to Joseph I. Whittle, undi
vided one-half interest in lot on W line of
Ninth avenue, 83.49 S of M street, S 23.85 by
W 120; $1.
John L. Sale to William W. Sale, lots 33 and
34. block 15, Lakevlew; $10/
William W. Saale to Haywlii --vis (wife of
W. P.), same; $in.
George W. Moore to Jacob Heyman, lot 575,
Gift Map 2; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to Jacob K. Johansen, same; $10.
David L. Levy to Nellie Levy, all Interest In
estate of Esther Levy; $1000.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Charles
: H. Linn and John Schloen. lot 2, Plat 5, Omega
! Section Odd Fellows' Cemetery: S3OO.
Ellen Dreydemi (McCourt) to Peter Dreydeml,
lot on N line of Turk street, 164:9 W of Van
Ness avenue, W 27: ft by N 120; gift.
: Samson Tarns to Moses Heller, lot on SW cor
j ncr of Van Ness avenue and Jackson street, 8
| 32:8",,, W 100. S 25, W 23, N 57:5i4, E 123; $10.
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to Harry
: W. Kroll, lot on W line of Noe street, 30 S of
Fifteenth, S 25 b- W 110; $10.
Pletro C. and Amelia A. Rossi to Stefano
1 Dnnerl. lot on N line of Union street. 137:6 W
! of Powell. W 52 by N 137:6; $10.
Sarah A. Cutler to T. W. Sturgis, commenc-
I Ins 165 :fi from corner of Mason and Clay streets,
i E 2K by S 71:6; $10.
Margaret iJetels (O'Kane) (wife of W.) to
Michael Meagher, undivided one-twelfth of lot
on N\V line of Harrison street, 162 NE of Third
NE 64:10% by NW 100; J3OO.
E.-tate of Bridget O'Pay (by Henry J- O'Day,
administrator) to Catherine Morrissey lot on
NW line of Clara street, 376:9 SW of Fifth, SW
20:0 by XW SO; $1600.
Mary M. B. Martin to C. L. Queen, lot on E
line of -Eleventh avenue, 175 S of L street, S 25
by E 120; $10.
Same to L. T. Queen, lot on E line of Elev
enth avenue. 150 S of L street, S 25 by E
120; $10.
Same to J. B. Queen, lot on E line of Elev
enth avenue, 100 S of L street, S 60 by E
ISO; $lf).
Thomas .1. Stanton (by E. B. Pond and H. C.
Campbell, trustees) to San Francisco .Savings
t'nion, W6O <i 2RR, lot on NE line of Flint street,
1C:. NW of Sixteenth, NW 70 by NE 90. lots 48
ami 4!>. block !>. Flint trart; also lot on SW line
of Sixteenth street, 245:4 SE of Mnsonic avenue,
SE 25 by SW 125, block 12, same, trustees' ueed ;
$12.->O.
Jan:es T. Campbell (by same) to same. 15R5 d
14.-.. lot on W line of Mission street, S5 S Eigh
teenth, S r.O by W SO. trustees' deed; $3530.
Ernest J. Koch to Oliver Eldridge. lot on W
line of Twelfth avenue, 150 S of M street, S 25
by W 120; .
Francisco Glovannini to Ltugi and Angolo
Giovannlni, lot on S line of Broadway, 114:8 E
of Kearny street. E 22:10 by S 65:9; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Broadway, 25
E of Ohio street, S 57:6 by E 20; $10.
Alameda County.
The Church of Christ (corporation) to the
Swedish Methodist Episcopal Church of Oak
land, lot on SE corner of Thirteenth and Mar
! ket streets. .E 99:11 to a point 22S W from the
| AY line of West street, S 50. W 90:10^ to the E
line of Market, thence N .'n : r> to beginning,
I Oakland (subject to a mortgage for $2500);
i *::7;.<>.
Catherine M. Gllkey to May A. Atkinson,
lots 21 to 24. block 67, tract B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
Edwin T. and Christina J. Thornlng to Wil
liam Johns, lot on S line of Railroad avenue,
HO W of Willow street. W 40 by S 150. block 9.
lands adjacent to Knctna.l. Alameda: $10.
S Ct. Beebe to Elizabeth Beebe. lots 6. 7 and
8, block H, Town of Union City, Washington
Township; gift.
William McKay to Jennie E. McKay, lot on
NW corner of Fulton and Russell streets, W
125 by N 09:8. being lots 1 and 2. block H,
map of southern portion of the Blake estate,
Berkeley; gift.
L. H. Elliott to M. S. Felnberg, block C and
lots 2 to 8. block D, of Tuohy's second addi
tion to Berkeley, Oakland Township; $10.
Emma A. Dlemer to Martha Marker!, lot on
E line of Wood street. 108 S of Taylor, S 27
by E 102:6, being lot 6. block 696, Casserly
Tract, Oakland : $10.
Charles Babb to G. L. Fltz, all that por
tion of lot 21 In section 11. township 3 8. range
4 W. lying W of a line parallel with Prospect
street, Alameda: grant.
BATTLE OF
THE GIANTS
Oakland and Fresno in a
Hot Game.
A FALLDOWN AND A RALLY
HOW EASY-GOING PROVED A
PITCHEB'S UNDOING.
BY JOE CORBETT.
After fourteen innings of unceasing
effort and patience, coupled with an
unfair umpire, the Oaklands toiled and
hustled In last Sunday's game with
Fresno only, as reports have it, to be
robbed of a game which they declare
would have been won by them had it
been allowed ' to continue. With the
thoughts of this defeat fresh in their
memory, they yesterday appeared on
the diamond at Recreation Park with
the gTim determination of wiping out
that unfortunate defeat and demon
strating in an unmistakable manner
that Fresno, while a good team, is far
from being "such a much."
. Mr. M. Pluvius Rainmaker, who on
Friday displayed perfect control over
Recreation Park, listened to the pray
ers of those Oaklanders, and in conse
quence a day perfect In every respect
for baseball was the result.
Mr. Russell, according to schedule,
occupied the pitcher's box. It was he
who kept those "raisin-eaters" on
"Queer street" for the fourteen innings
last Sunday, and it was he who was
seen at an early hour this morning
"rehearsing his speed," in anticipation
of the honor and glory that would rest
upon his broad and well-proportioned
shoulders should his curves prove an
enigma.
Umpire Sweeney, who was engaged
for this particular game, and who will
also from now on be on the regular
staff, ejaculated "Play ball" at exactly
3 o'clock.
Oakland took the field, and all hands
moved around in search of comfortable
spots, expecting, as was natural, that
the greatest game of the age was about
to begin. In a way they were not dis
appointed. Fresno, assisted by Mr.
Russell's wildness, coupled with large,
juicy errors by O'Neil and Schmeer, to
say nothing of the few hits that hap
pened along, scored six runs, and shat
tered the hopes of all present, who were
laboring under the sad delusion that
another fourteen inning game, full of
brilliant plays and good pitching, was
to be their lot. It was a cruel disap
pointment. For a few innings it looked
as though the game might possibly de
velop into a tie score, or have a heart
rending climax, as Fresno scored no
more until the fifth inning, and the
Oaklands kept plugging along making
a run now and then. Just to show
there was no hard feeling. But Pitcher
Thomas was keeping the hits well
scattered, and it really looked as j
though Oakland must submit to the i
inevitable. Pitchers, however, very
often grow careless, especially when
things appear easy, and Thomas is no
exception to the rule.
After pitching steady ball for half
the game the work appeared to become
monotonous, and before one could say
"Spaniard" three foreign ministers
were given their passports to first base
without any interference from the other
powers, and the battle off St. Thomas
proved to be anything but a rumor.
After filling the three corners, Russell,
the next man up, dropped one toward
first and beat it out, Held falling all
over himself, endeavoring to get there
before him and forgetting all about the
runners • dashing for the plate. On
waking up he let the ball go over to
ward the grand stand and two runs
| were the result. But the fun did not
stop here. Donovan, the next man,
hit to Courtney. He went at the ball
as though his life depended on his get
ting it, and as is alway-s the case with
such playing, the ball was fumbled, an
other run scoring, Donovan reaching
first and immediately stealing second.
Then old reliable Tip O'Neil put one
into deep center, another runner cross
ing the plate. Levy followed, and not
to be outdone, hit one in the same
direction, another runner scoring, mak
ing it five all told.
From this inning on each team put
up a miserable article of ball. It ap
peared as though they were endeavor
ing to see which was really the worst
team of the two, and Fresno came out
with flying colors. In fact, they In
reality gave up the game after Oak
land made their rally in the fifth, and
gave the impression that they were not
stayers. Whether this be true or not,
the fact remains that they played like
a "bunch of Indians," Thomas par
ticularly pitching very poor ball, con
sidering the work he was doing in the
I early stages of the game. In the sev
enth Inning he was batted at will.
I Sykes started the fun with a two base
i.it, Sullivan took a base on balls, then
"Claudie" Schmeer, who was the hero
of the seventh inning, making three of
the vilest errors for such a good player
I as he undoubtedly is, redeemed him
self by putting a clean three base hit
into right center. Moskiman and Rus
sell followed' with hit.?, Donovan went
out on a fly' to Courtney, and O'Neil
hit safe, six runs crossing the plate, and
the game wns won beyond all doubt.
As to features, there were not any, and
the less said about some of , the plays
the better. The score Is as follows:
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Earley, 2b ..5" 10 3 14 2
Held. 1 b 62 1-4-10 10
Courtney, s. 5....... 6 110 2 3 5
Moore, 3 b..... 3 3 112 12
Fertruson. If 5 1 1 0 1 0 1
.McCue/c-f .4 1 2 0 4 0 0
nritton, r. f 6 2 10 0 0
Thomas, p 4 10 0 0 10
Manrernea c .... 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Tawney, c. t 3 0 0 3 0 0 0
.Totals .42 12 1 11 21 10 11
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, r. f. ...: 6 3 3 1 0 10
O'Nell, 2 b. ......... 6 2 10 2 3 2
Lan*. 3b 6 0 1 o>l 4 1
Hardle, c. f 5 0 2 110 1
Sykes, lb 5 1. 2 0 11 . 1 0
Sullivan, c ......... 2 3 119 11
Schmeer,. a. 8 3 3 11 2. 2 6
Moskiman, 1. f. .... 5 3 2 110 1
Russell, p. ...... 5 2 2 0 0. 2 f 1
; Totals. 43 17 15 5 27 ;14 12
' RUNS BY INNINGS. '
Fresno ..................6 0 0 2 2 o—l2
nasf.htta .....2 01020110—7
Oakland ......110 2 5 2 6 0 •— l7
Base hits ..........'..12-1 3 2 15 0 •—
';■".- . SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Schmeer. - Two-base hits—
Donovan 2, I-ang, Hardle, Sullivan, Courtney. |
Ferguson. McCue. Sacrifice hit— Thomas. Bases I
on Oakland S Fresno 8. ..Bases on balls
—Oakland 7, Fresno 4.:'. Left on Oakland
11. ■ Fresno 7. Struck out— By< Russell 9. by
Thomas 2. Passed balls— McCue 2. Sullivan 2.
Wild Thomas. Time of game— 2:oo. Um
pire-Charles Sweeney. >.<
■■-'■■- — —II ■ — —^h '. " "
WILL STRUGGLE
FOR SUPREMACY
Oakland and San Francisco
Teams Will Meet This After
noon at Central Park.
To-day at 2:15 p. m. the Oaklands,
quite cast down over the game they
put up yesterday, are going to redeem
themselves by making the crack San |
Franciscos look like amateurs. T lere |
TKI^ DAY AT THE CHI IPCMPS ■■!■
11 II 11 il^ hJlr\ 11 u\> 11 Hll Hlw vl 11 w / lr\,w'il KiL^^Jo *
>k
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones.
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
Rev. E. A. Woods .
H. L. Dletx ~
and evening— Rev. H. S. Flsk of ■*
i will preach. ♦
-"The Holy Spirit and Ills Office." #
?-"The Apostle Paul's Advice to #
ers of the Church in Genesis." #
; ■ -v.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street.
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins _
hrist's Prayer for His People."
"The Service of Song."
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemany
Croke streets.
Holy Cross. Scott and Eddy streets.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father McGlnty
Salesian Fathers _
Marist Fathers
Father Nugent _
Morning— Gospel. Evening— and -H-
Benediction. ■ \ ■ ♦ •
Morning — high mass and sermon. 4f
Evening— Vespers. #
_ , , :
Morning— Epistle and Gospel. Evening— •«•
Rosary. " w
' : ; *
Morning — Solemn high mass. Evening — *
sary and benediction. . ' *
Morning— Epistle and Gospel of the day. *
Evening — Vespers and benediction. *
Morning— Gospel of the day. Evening— Ben- *
edlctlon. *
________ ■ : . j.
Morning— Gospel and epistle. *
*
Morning— Solemn high mass. Evening— -if
Benediction. : *
sary and
St. Brlgld's. Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle -.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
(streets.
Father Cummlngs
St. Dominic's, Stetner and Bush streets.
Dominican Fathers
and epistle.
St. Francis,
avenue.
Father Carraher -.
Et. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
by Rev. Father Calzia.
l by Rev. Father Woods.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
and O'Farrell street.
Ness
Father Prendergast. v. O
Corning— Father Ramm will preach. 4 p. *
m. — Confirmation. Evening— Father Han- a-
nlgan will preach. #
#.
Morning— of the day. Eveiiin#— *
Vespers. . *
. *
tornlng — and epistle. Evening— ■«•
Benediction. *
— , #
Corning— "The Feast of Pentecost." Even- #
— Vespers. - . * *
: : *
lornlng— Pentecost. Evening— Benediction. *
*
: ,—, — J5.
Corning— "The Holy Ghost." Evening— *
Benediction. 53&BBBH #
[ornlng— "They Were Filled With the Holy *
Ghost." Evening — Vespers. -jf
— — —^ — — —^—— _— —^_M— _«_ X*
Corning— "Beginning at Jerusalem." Even- -Jf-
Ing — Praise service. . . ■ *
lornlng— "The New Testament Good Man." *
Evening — "Darkness and Night." : ,'.'*.
* y
lornlng— "The Slain of the .Maine; Will •£
They Live Again?" Evening— "The New ■£■
and Old in Gospel Truth." *
. j«.
lornlng— "Thou Shalt Guide Me With Thy -if
Counsel." Evening— "The End Is Not •*•
Yet." . . ;-.;• *
~ — .—. — . — — — . . _ .•/.
lornlng— "A Good Soldier of Jesus Christ." *
Evening— "God. the Hidden Savior." #
■ — ——————^____^ «j£
lornlng— "Seeking and Finding." Evening *
"Might and Right." • Jf
[ornlng— "The Ascension of Christ." Even- *
Ing— G. H. Thomas and Liberty Posts. -5f
G. A. R., will be present. ■»
........
Memorial and ' praise service. ♦
Address by Rev. H. Shepherd. • . *
— Memorial -service, "The Present 4r
War and Manifest Destiny." *
■ .
lornlng— "The Future of the Work." 4fr
Evening— Song service. #
— •*
[orning — Pentecostal service. ■£
'" . •
_ jt
[ornlng — Special Red Cross service. -Even- Jf.
— Patriotic musical service. ■ ■%■
.. - — « p.
[ornlng — "The Motive of Our War With *
Spain." E\ enlng-^-Evensong. .jf. *
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
St. Paul's.
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
St. Peter and Paul's, Filbert ard
streets.
Saleslan Fathers
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near
fourth.
Secular Clergy
St. Rose, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent. ....
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. 8.
West Side Christian,
Devlsadero.
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-fifth
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
et."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
"A Good Soldier of :
—"God, the Hidden
Olivet Congregational,
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Post street.
Rev. F. B. Cherington
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
First Congregational. Post and Mason
Rev. G. C. Adams
Good Samaritan Mission,
near Folsotn.
Second
Roy. W. I. Kip Jr
Grace Episcopal Church, California
Stockton streets.
Rev. R, C. Foute
service.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market.
Rev. J. A. Emery
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue
street.
and
Hey. W. H. Moreland
Spain."
St. John, Fifteenth street and Julian
nue.
Rev. E. B. Spalding
Feast of Pentecost."
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
bert streets.
Rev. H. Parrlsh
Rev. M. D. Wilson
_ *
—"Magnificat." - -3*
*
. : _ -£
— "The Descent of tha Holy #
"■•-.: •
. #.
—"The Pentecostal Gift." Evening *
hly choral festival. *
_ • *.
—Holy communion. . Evening — Lit- ; •£•
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, be-
tween Flllmore and Stelner.
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly
Trinity Episcopal Church, Bush street,
Gough.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
any.
■ *
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
—Memorial Day sermon, "IS6I and *
Evening — "St. John's Vision." *
Bethel African M. E., Powell street,
Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
doming — "The Prophetic Visions." Even- —■
Ing — "The Ten Commandments." -x-
. jj.
ilorntntf — "Character and Environment." •>«•
Evening-— Army platform memo- -se-
rial service. M£flß *
*
— Memorial service. ♦
*
*
doming — "Divine Teaching." Evening — ■£■
"In Memory of the Dead." : ■*■.-'- '*
doming— "Life Plans." Evening— "Two -jj-
Wars, Civil and Foreign." ...^if. 1 . *
#.
klornlng— "How to Reach, the Downtown -:-:-
Masses. Evening — "Lessons From the 4fr
Past." ■*
4£.
Evening— Memorial service). ■*
#.
— Sunday school. Evening- — "Needs *
of the Hour." #
*
Joining— "Crowned With Glory and *
Honor." Evening— "The Mission of the 4r
English Speaking Race." *
__ ____.»^__^ __• y
torning — "Peace Through Wars." Even- *
ing — "Messiah's Messenger." #
*.
lornlng — Sermon by Dr. Mackenzie. Even- 4t-'
ing — "God and the Anglo-Saxon Race." #
_ ; *
Corning — "Knowledge Which Fasseth -3f
Knowledge." Evening— "Our Honored *
Dead." *
.—:. — : #
[ornlng — Special memorial service In honor *
of the dead of the civil war and the war *
■with Spain. *
Ing-
Central
Sixth.
Methodist,
Mission sttOJt.
Rev. C. E. Lock*
First M. E. Church, Powell and
ton streets.
Rev. W. S. Unny
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard :
Howard Street M. E., Howard street.
Second.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Potrero M.
streets.
E.,
Tennessee and
Rev. D. W. Chilson
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. O. W. Beatty
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and
streets.
'. J. Stephens
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
ing—'
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Rev. H. N. Bevler
ing-
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth
and Railroad avenue.
Howard Presbyterian Church, corner
and Baker streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
W. E. Dugan
lornlng — "The Manifestation of Love." -H-
— "Memorial Days and the Boys -K-
in Blue." • *
: *
[ornlng — "The Compensation of the Chris- *
tlon's Life." Evening— Memorial services, -x-
. #
[ornlng— "Our Nation's War." Evening — •*
A question box service. - -jj
toming— are cordially Invited. &
*
, . ,v.
torning— "The ! Monk of Florence." Even- *
ing-— "The War for the Sake of Human- £
Ity." *
Ivenlng — "Israel's Wedding Day." -is.
»
— Christian Science lesson. #
' *
[orning— "Don't Worry." >. ■$
t ■ . • *
.
Ivenlng — Evangelistic service. *
*
: *
[orning— "Examine Yourself." Evening — -J5-
George S. Lincoln- will preach. -s-
Ivenlng— "Crosses,' -Red. White and Blue, *
In Memory of the Dead, in Honor of the #
Living and In Aid of the 'Suffering." *
jj.
[ornlng— Song service. #
• *
: *
p. — An address to men only. *
*
iventng— Musical spiritual service; music *
by Mr. R. S. Lillte. *
: #
[ornlng— "Pentecost Power. Evening— Me- ■*•
mortal Day sermon. -s-
Trinity Presbyterian,
streets.
Second and
Rev. A. M. Carson
Westminster Presbyterian. Oak and
streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
First Unitarian.
Htreets.
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebblns
are cordially Invited.
Second Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth and
Rev. J. A. Wells
Bush Street Temple,
streets.
Bush and
Rabbi Myers
"Israel's Wedding Day."
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 223
ter street.
The Bible. Science and Health, with Key
to the Scriptures
Science lesson.
The First Divine Science Church,
street, between Geary and Poet.
M. E. Cramer
"Don't Worry."
Metropolitan Temple, Fifth street.
Market.
Rev. P. B. Morgan
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ.
Post street.
C. A. Parkin
Theosojihical Society. Market and
streets.
Marie A. Walsh
in Mer
Living
Salvation Army, Market street, near
enth.
Evans
service.
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets.
Bishop Stanford * .
p. m. — An address to men only.
Progressive Spiritualists, McAllister
Larkin streets.
Mrs. R. S. LUlie
Evangelical Emmanuel Church, 1834
ard street.
Rev. F. W. Fisher '
|
is no doubt In the world that the boys
intend putting up a good game and to
make the Frisco aggregation look like
dolls- they are undertaking, the hard
est task of their lives. it is unneces
sary to mention the intense amount of
rivalry that has always existed • be
tween these two teams In former years
and suffice it to say that. instead of
abating, through the decadence "of the
game, it is "more better" than ever,
and to-day. if the weather will permit,
two of the best clubs In the league will
struggle for supremacy. ; Come one.
come all; ladies free. The line up Is as
follows: » ■
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Hamm0nd. ......:• Catcher Sullivan
Wheeler or Krog.:. Pitcher ............. Russell
Murphy.... .First ba5e.......".........5ykes
Engan. :....'... Second ba5e............0'Ne1l
Monnhan ...... .Third baxe... '...'.......... Lang
X Krug.. ....V... "..5h0rt5t0p:....... ..;... Schmeer
Hearty.... ....Left fie1d.... ...... Mosher
Dunleavy ...... .Center fie1d...;.... Hardie
Strocker . . ... .".Right field ..'.......... Donovan .
A Jewish merchant while ?• passing
through Pownal, Mass.. had quite a little
adventure. As he neared Barbers duck
pond, sitting on the fence was a huge bald
eagle. -.When quite ; near '.the bird ; opened
his bill, raised his claws. and i was about
Ito make an attack :on the merchant.;; He
hurled ; a sharp stone at It. and his aim
was fatal in its effect, as the bird was in
stantly killed. It measured 5 feet 9 Inches
from tip to t|p.-3ggg^||gKg|g||g
'", '.■'.'. . /"!!.'."' .•!.'" — ——.'"
:« There are coal mines in Cuba, but none
of them have been — -eloped, and all the
coal ' used in the island la : shipped there
from "America- • : -• ■ . • .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
IV W r Hartley, Vacavl .R S Tesfey. Stockton
M B Benjamin, Cal JW Gunnud. Angels C
I M Squire, S Barbara jF B Perkins, Cal
■ H Baldwin. Stockton R A Tucker. N V
I J M Cameron. B C F D Ryan. Sacto
; W A Steel. Seattle I Clark. Chicago
E T Botsford. V S W T Barn. Castroville
R H Tucker. Cal C E Lindsay. S Cruz
T P Bums, Cal W Hepburn, Auburn
i F Aliman, San Jose G R Parkinson&w,Cal
H H Meyer. Healdsbg J Warren. St Paul
H Edwards. Cal Mrs H N Yates. Crockt
| W G Logan. Mo S J Allen. Naval B
I Mrs B Home. Sacto J Flanagan, Mendocino
! W S Hopson. Idaho J D Mullen. Colo
J C Cooper, Fresno T H Carter&w, S Jose
B T Scott. Fresno F Reeve. S Bernardno
J M Brooks, Lor An* J A Whitmore. Redlnd
! A J Wallace. Los Ang H D Rowe & w. Oak
; W W Turner&w. Tex H L Smith, Fresno
■■ W H Casey. Pa G Lingo. Reids Lndg
' P Martin. Sacto D A Cole & w, L Ang
I F E Raynes. Treka L M Hendey, Los Ang
I D L Rilpy, Mendocino F N Hunter. I^os Ang
F Cox. Sacto . H Rudin. Fresno
H H Blood, Nev 1 J Dunn. Berkeley
W R .lenks, Los Gatos J Goldman. Merced
T Turkow. Cal B Burkln. Merced
F M West. Stockton P C Cornell. Merced
IG E Cutts. Stockton GII Angnew, Merced
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Ball. S Jose |O Dugdale. S Mateo
H H Sroval. L Ang F E Alken. N V
P S Keefer & w. Colo Q W Jones. Fresno
J M Gale, Vallejo D Mahoney&w, 8 Jose
Miss Jackson. Vallejo J E Henry. Wli
Mrs Hopkins. Sacto W D Davis. Ooat Isl
Miss Hopkins, Sacto H Lion. S Jose
E J Sherman. Sacto Dr Bangs. S Jose
C G Hughes. Sacto R C Long:. Cal
H M Mitchell, S Jose H Worams. N V
L LaVerne, NY IH Block & w. Maine
J Woolsey A w. L Ang |J A Keyes. Suisun
A A Eberson. NY W X Downing, Suisun
3 H Martin. NY IT E Mullen. Fresno
Mis« Martin, NY IEC Langhorn. N V
Miss Ewen. M V JB'.gler & », N 3
L R Prince, Boston I
PALACE : HOTEL.
C M Wilbur, S S China J M Oaktson. Stanfd
N P Rogers. N V Mrs Gregory. • Wash
Mrs Rogers, N V W G Blatt. Michigan
Miss Friedman, Oakdle J . D ■ Sproul&w. Chlco
A Atherton, Boston F 1 Macomber, Sulsun
C Clement. N V Miss M A Oliver Mass
Mrs Clement, N V Miss L D Oliver. Mass
F H Miller. Ind Miss Murphy, S Cru»
Mrs R L Rush. Wash A G Lewis. S "Jose
J N Stahl. Texas Mrs ' Lewis, S Jose
E Gibber. Texas Baron yon Schroeder.
G Cohn, Guatemala ■ ■■ S Rafael
Mrs Cohn. Gauteraala Baron A yon Schroe-
W S Gardner, Alaska der. - S Rafael
F Alman, S Jose R E Pierce. S Jose
CDol ph. Stanford Mrs Danforth. S Jose
J N Coppells, Pittsbg E Strauss, Chicago
Mrs Coppells, Pittsbg J Eisendroth, Chicago
J Wolfrom, ■ Tulare (Mrs Underwood, Bostn
J P. Yates. L Anglo - lo H Savage&w, S loss
T O Toland.- Ventura \V Somerset, London
H"W Patton. L 'Ang B U Stelnman, Sacto
C McKevett.-S Paula J E Burnham, Boston
Mrs Wolfskill. L Ang H Frank. X V
Miss Wolfskin. LAng Miss Withers. Texas
G D Weston. Colo
; : NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Greenfield, L Banos J J Engels. Woodland
Mrs Martin. Mo M Foley. V'allejo
Miss Martin. Mo - H Higginp, Sonora
Z Buckner. S Rosa J A Jones. Sonora
J KSutton. N V H Jackson. Chicago
C Ftnberg. S Rosa - Mrs H "Jackson, ' Chgo
H Tobln. Walla Walla S Bassett, Fairfleld
E Hedman & w. Or.-- R Bradley, S Cruz
L McDonald Chicago F M Howe, R Vlata.
Mrs L - McDonald, 11l C J Randall. Fresno
F Kelly. . Modesto iJ Morell, Healdsburg
C Wlnslow. ; S Jaclnto I
.- ', '.' — ■» ' — — — ' '
■•": The excavations In orogreas of - th«
tomb >of Qautarna { Buddha have brought
to light ; buildings more : ancient : than any
yet found In India. ■ 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OAKLAND READY
TO SUPPLY HER
QUOTA OF MEN
Red Cross Day at the Churches.
Services for Memorial Day.
Children to Bring Gifts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway, May 28.
This is to be soldiers' week in Oakland. |
Orders, it is said, have been issued from
headquarters, but have not yet been made
absolute, that on Thursday next the local
soldier boys g * Into camp preparatory to
joining the American forces in the Philip
pines.
For several we*ks Companies A and F
of the Fifth Infantry in this city and
Company G in Alameda have been pre
paring themselves for the call which will
Boon arrive. They are well equipped and
well drilled, and for the first time in their
history they are face to face with the
crucial test of loyalty. . . .
Many of them for years have been sol
diers on parade, and have officiated at
full-dress ceremonies. They have always
been classed as gallant and brave, but ,
OFFICERS OF THE OAKLAND LIGHT CAVALRY,
hitherto gallantry and bravery have
never been put to the test.
Oakland always has been gTcatly inter
ested In the doings of her two companies
of militia. In a social way, in addition
to their soldier duties,. the boys have been
popular, and have always been much in
evidence. Mo one doubts that they will
ail be just as willing to shoulder their
muskets and march and actual warfare
as. they have been in the past when on
escort duty or taking part in the grand
march at one of their military balls.
When the orders came a few weeks ago
for the guardsmen to enroll afresh as
volunteers, holding themselves in readl
ness to proceed to the? front at a few
hours' notice, over 90 per cent of the boys
at once signed the roll. The remainder
consisted of a few married men with
families, who are willing to go if neces
sary, and a few who are incapacitated
by sickness.
"The situation in Alameda is the same.
Company <: is now busy .filling up its !
ranks, which have been' depleted by th«
leaving of many of the boys who have
gone to the front in other companies. A
recruiting station was opened to-day at
Haywards for the purpose of recruiting
sufficient men to make Company G's
muster roll complete.
There is little doubt that the majority
of the Oakland men will pass the medical
nation, for most of them have, al- j
ready -:"-ed themselves of their physi- \
cal ability to pass the army test. If any
should be thrown out on this account,
there is a very robust corps of emergency !
men, .< ho have already taken the , oath
and who stand ready to enter the vol
unteer company as soon as called on.
There Is a general desire to keep the
Oakland companies on this • side of the
bay until they go on board the transport.
It has been proved during the past few
weeks that the climate of the Presidio
Is not as pleasant nor as healthful as |
that of this side of the bay. There are
over here large tracts quite as convenient
to the bay as the Presidio which could be
used for camp grounds, and would make
excellent places for drill. In addition to
these advantages, the Oakland Red Cross
Society and the many organized and un
official agencies which are working to
enhance the comforts of the soldiers
would have a special field in ■which to
work and this would, no doubt, be very
acceptable to the Fifth Regiment.
There are now many. OaKland boys in
camp at the Presidio suffering for want of
necessaries, and this morning they sent
a letter to the Red Cross League stating
their needs and asking that the ladies
take steps to supply them The result of
their letter has been that the league has
decided to pay particular attention to the
needs of Oakland militiamen. If the Fifth
Infantry when ordered into camp were
etationed on this side there is no doubt
that when ordered to Manila they would be
the best-equipped regiment leaving these
slt was not known till the boys com
menced upon their camp life how greatly
In need of clothing and necessaries many
of them were. Little notes have been re
ceived from the Presidio to personal
friends In this city which have disclosed
a state of affairs of which few were
aware. The soldiers are not ordinarily
wealthy, and many of them have nothing
of" this world's goods, but It seems to be
realized now that each volunteer is per
forming- in a measure the duty of those
who stayed at home and that consequent
ly the soldiers' need is a debt that must
be liquidated, and not in any sense a
plaint for charity to be grudgingly satls-
There would be about SOO men of the
Fifth Regiment, and it would be the pride
of Oakland to have those men over here
and send them forth lacking for nothing,
as well as make the remaining weeks ;of
their stay comparatively happy.
ANXIOUS TO SERVE.
Prominent Young Men Expect
Their Services to Be
Accepted.
An order has been Issued by Captain
Lefllngwell of the Oakland Light Cavalry
for a meeting at headquarters next Mon
day night. The cavalry is fast getting
into shape for active service, and Con
gressman Hilborn and Senator Perkins
have been asked to use their influence in
having the brigade accepted.
There are nearly l'W members who have
taken the oath and who are drilling in
the headquarters in the Macdonough
building. Next Monday a communication
is expected from army headquarters that
may decide the fate of the brigade. The
members are among the best-known of
Oakland's young men. and nearly all of
them are now engaged in lucrative posi
tions. But they all declarr their willing
npps to take the field at a day's notice.
Captain Leffingwell is an old cavalry
iran and at present engaged in newspaper
work. First Lieutenant H. F. Pugh has
ha* 1 experience as a guardsmen, and
Is • Jitor of the Tribune. First Lieutenant
A. A. Moore Jr. is a deputy District At
torney, ami Second Lieutenant Abe P.
Leach is an attorney. All are very popu
lar and have been prominent for some
years in local social circles.
PATRIOTISM AT CHURCH.
The Red Cross League Will Be
Greatly Helped by To
day's Collections.
Th« Mlnißtoria! Union has sent out ln
vitations to the pastors of all churches
to hold Red Cross services to-morrow
morning. Many of the preachers have
promised to preach special sermons on
this great hum&nitariaji society. The con
tributions will be turned over to the local
society, and every one is requested to
bring special offerings to fhe league.
Lieutenant L. M. Cobbledick of the
National Guard, who was f<>r many years
an officer in the Boys' Brigade, is or
ganizing an independent company of in
fantry in East Oakland, which, when
properly. dr.i!Jed s will offer its services to
the Government.
In West Oakland an independent cav
alry corps is also being organized by F.
Luttrell, and already over sixty have en
listed.
The Catholic Knights of America have
passed a resolution agreeing to make
pond all delinquent dues and assessments
of members who go to the war. The An
clent Order of Hibernians some weeks
ago passed a similar resolution.
The services at the churches to-morrow
will be of a patriotic nature. In the
evening at the Church of the Advent
there will be special services, with elab
orate decorations of flags and flowers,
which is somewhat new in the Episcopal
church. At this service Mrs. Blake-Al
verson will sing "God Save Our Lnion.
TO DECORATE GRAVES.
Various Societies Will Visit the
Soldiers' Plot and Con
duct Exercises.
Capt. C. K. King and the First Regiment
California Veteran Reserve* will assemble
to-morrow evening at the First Baptist
Church, where Rev. C. H. Hobart will
deliver a memorial sermon.
On Monday. Memorial day, there will
be no parade in this city, but the vet
erans wili assemble at Eleventh* and
Washington streets. whence they
will go to the soldiers' plot in Mountain
View Cemetery and conduct memorial
services. The following programme will
be carried out:
Reveille, Bugler Carr'll J. Orton: Intro
ductory remarks, president of the day, Past
Commander S. P. Knight of Appomattox Port
No 50, O. A. R.; prayer. Rev. James Curry,
D. D., Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R.; President
Lincoln's address at the dedication of Gettys
burg Cemetery, Mrs. Marion Seagrave. presi
dent Phil Sheridan CtaSte No. '•>. Ladies of the
GAR' "Salute the Old Defender." pupils
of' the Central School, P. M. Flayer principal;
oration. Rev. Arnold T. Xeedham, Admiral D.
D. Port-r P«rt No. 1». G. A. R. ; "BL'St Re
the Ground" (quart't), J. A. Britton. i . \\ .
Gushing J. H. Todd. G. H. Collins; placing
of flags on soldiers 1 graves, Sons of Veterans,
Colonel E. I>. Baker Camp No. 5: strewing of
flowers by comrades of the G. A. R.. Woman s
Pellef Corps, Ladies of the G. A. R. and Sons
of Veterans; firing salute, by Company A.
Veteran Reserves, under command of Captain
C. K. King; taps, Bugler Carroll J. Orton.
On the evening of Memorial Day exer
cises will be held in the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church. East Oakland. The ex
ercises will be as follows:
Organ voluntary. Mrs. C. H. Daly; remarks.
President of the Evening Past Commander J.
R Kcupham of Admiral Porter Post No. 169.
o' A R - prayer. Rev. James Curry, D.D..
Lvon'Post No. 8, G. A. R. ; "Columbia the
Gem of the Ocean," Brooklyn Presbyterian
church choir; recitation, "Murfreesboro Miss
Bertha M. Clark; oration, Comrade E. M. Gib
son. Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R.; -The Star-
SpanKled Banner," Mrs. Charles Poulter; reci
tation. -'Drake's Address to the American
Flag. 1 ' Miss Georgia Horton; "Salute the Old
Defender," pupils o£ Central School. P. M.
Fisher, principal; remarks. Colonel Charles L.
Pierce Commander California Division. Sons of
Veterans; "Flag of Our Heroes." quartet. J.
A. Britton. F. W. Gushing. J. H Todd, G. H.
Collins.; "America," by the audience; bene
diction, Rev. James Curry, D.D., Ljon Post
Xo 8 G A. R. ; taps. Bugler Carroll J. Orton.
FATHER COMES WEST
TO SEEK HIS SON
DECLARES CLARE DEPUE IS
KEPT IN HIDING.
Accuses His Wife of Not Wanting a
Union Between the Boy and
His Parent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 28.
Clar© Depue. 13 years old, and residing
at the home of G. M. Blair, 676 Tenth
street, Oakland, has been missing since
January 31 last, when he called at Lafay
ette School, Oakland, to get his books,
though he would not give any reason for
leaving nor tell where he was going.
His father was in the East, and had
sent for him repeatedly, but his step
mother would not allow him to go. The
boy nas no friends outside of Oakland,
and had no means supplied him with
which to get away or support himself af
ter leaving, while he is too young and
inexperienced to earn a living.
Those who know the boy cannot credit
the story of his stepmother that he has
turned runaway, and justify the conclu
sion of his father that he has been spirit
ed away out of motives of maliciousness,
and through the collusion of her friends.
The last positive trace of the boy was
when he made an alleged call at a Mrs.
Sadie Blaney's at 1327 Oak street, San
Francisco, to whom ■he is said to hay«
confided the fact that he Intended to run
The boy is large of his age, with light
brown hair 'and gray eyes. Any informa
tion of his whereabouts or clue as to who
is harboring him, will be thankfully re
ceived by his father, J. E. Depue, who
has come to the coast especially to hunt
for his boy.
Ask Support of Representatives.
OAKLAND, May 28.— The following res
olution was unanimously adopted by the
Oakland Board of Trade at its last meet
ing:
"Whereas. The present interstate com
merce act has been rendered ineffective
In its operation tnrough decisions and dis
coveries of courts giving an interpreta
tion to its provisions contrary to • the
original understanding of its scope and
purposes; and whereas, without addi
tional enactment the Interstate Com
merce Commission has no authority, cx
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 189 S.
press or implied, to fix rates of transpor
tation nor to prevent the present injur
ious discrimination against local traffic
and in favor of like service on similar
goods imported from foreign ports; and
■whereas, in our opinion, an effectual
remedy for existing transportation evila
and abuses is provided for by Senate bill
No. 3354, recommended by the Interstate
Commerce Commission and introduced
by Senator Cullom January 22, 1898; be it
therefore
"Resolved. That we hereby request our
Senators and Representatives -in Congress
assembled, to use every endeavor to se
cure the early passage of the bill above
mentioned."
Praises for Dr. J. K. McLean.
OAKLAND. May 2S.— The Outlook, the
Congregational organ of the Lnited
States, has the following this week re
garding a well-known citizen of this city:
"One of the most useful theological sem
inaries In the country is that at Oakland,
Cal., under the presidency of Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D. Few men in the country
are more deservedly honored than Dr Mc-
Lean, and few men are better qualified
for the presidency of such an institution.
He combines large scholarship, unques
tioned spiritual power, long experience in
the pastorate, with natural ability and a
judicial quality of mind which make him
an admirable guide for those studying for
the ministry. In a comparatively new
country, where life Is not so well consoli
dated "as in older regions, such qualities
of leadership are peculiarly valuable.
Discussed Sunday-School Work.
OAKLAND, May 2S.— "The Sunday-
Schools In California" was the theme of
Karl S. Bingham of San Jose, secretary of
the State Sunday-school Union, before
the County Unfon this evening in the
First Presbyterian Church. He was fol-
Ibwed by Rev. E. B. Hayes of Modesto,
formerly president of the California
Christian Endeavor Union, on "The Aim
of Sunday-school Work." The afternoon
session was addressed by Rev. E. R. Ben
neft of the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church on "What Should the Home Do
press or implied, to fix rates of transpor
tation nor to prevent the present injur
ious discrimination against local traffic
and in favor of like service on similar
goods imported from foreign ports; and
whereas, in our opinion, an effectual
remedy for existing transportation evila
and abuses is provided for by Senate bill
No. 3354, recommended by the Interstate
Commerce Commission and introduced
by Senator Cullom January 22, 1898; be It
therefore
"Resolved, That we -hereby request our
Senators and Representatives -in Congress
assembled, to use every endeavor to se
cure the early passage of the bill above
mentioned."
Praises for Dr. J. K. McLean.
OAKLAND. May 2S.— The Outlook, the
Congregational organ of the Lnited
States, has the following this week re
garding a well-known citizen of this city:
"One of the most useful theological sem
inaries in the country is that at Oakland,
Cal., under the presidency of Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D. Few men in the country
are more deservedly honored than Dr Mc-
Lean, and few men are better qualified
for the presidency of such an institution.
He combines large scholarship, unques
tioned spiritual power, long experience in
the pastorate, with natural ability and a
judicial quality of mind which make him
an admirable guide for those studying for
the ministry. In a comparatively new
country. where life Is not so well consoli
dated "as in older regions, such qualities
of leadership are peculiarly valuable.
Discussed Sunday-School Work.
OAKLAND, May 2S.— "The Sunday-
Schools In California" was the theme of
Karl S. Bingham of San Jose, secretary of
the State Sunday-school Union, before
the County Union this evening in the
■Mrst Presbyterian Church. He was fol-
Jbwed by Rev. E. B. Hayes of Modesto,
formerly president of the California
Christian Endeavor Union, on "The Aim
of Sunday-school Work." The afternoon
session was addressed by Rev. E. R. Ben
neft of the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church on "What Should the Home Do
i for the Sunday-school?" He was followed
1 by George D. Gray, after which a basket
lunch was partaken of. •
Young Society Ladies at Work.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Society was
largely represented at . the Crellin resi
dence this afternoon and evening- at the
i Red Cross benefit given by the • Young
Ladies 1 Whist Club. Silken flags and
tropical plants made the place exceed
ingly pleasant. ■ r ._
The hostesses were- Misses Mona and
Laura Crellin, Miss Gail Converse, Miss
Mary. Barker, Miss Lilian Strong, Miss
Ethel Kittredge, Miss Florence Starr,
Miss Louise Simmons, Miss Kmma Ma
honey, Miss Margaret Knight and Miss
Elsie" McElrath. They were assisted by
Miss Olive Middleton. Miss Harriet Kit
tredge Miss Bertha McElrath, Miss
Chrissie Toft, Miss Ruth Metcalf, Miss
Helene Bell, Misses Jennie -and Ethel
Crellin and Mrs. J. C. Hampton. Over
! 100 invitations had been issued, almost
j all of which were accepted. The recep
tion hours were 3 to 6 and 8 to- 10 p. m.
Several excellent musical numbers were
rendered by well-known and r popular
talei.t. ' -;- ■ ■- . : .  '.', :...,.
Will Prohibit Shoddy Mills.
OAKLAND, May 28.— The City Council
committee has been notified by City At
torney Dow that it has the power to pro
i hibit the erection of factories that might
! endanger the lives and health of the com
, munity. It will report an ordinance pro
hibiting the locating of the - proposed
shoddy mills at Second ajid Jackson
streets on this showing 1 on behalf of a
protest by the surrounding property
owners. :
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, May Judge J. P. Ames
has presented the First Methodist Epis
copal Church with a handsome fourteen
foot flag, and Contractor Llbbey will do
nate a 22-foot pole and place it upon the
top of that edifice, from which to fly it.
The General Kirkham residence/corner
of Eighth and Oak streets, was sold to
day under an order of the court for
$7200 Dr. E. 11. Wheeler, a son-in-law,
was the purchaser. The lot is 200x300 feet,
with improvements.
President Williams of the California
Jockey Club has presented the ladies of
the Fablola Hospital Association -with a
check for $2255, the receipts for the Derby
day.
Maria Lundquist has ! filed a suit for
divorce against her husband, Charles H. j
Lundquist. She charges him with ex- \
treme cruelty previous to desertion, and
seeks an absolute divorce. .
Williams Buried.
ALA MED A, May 28.— The body of W.
H. Williams, who was killed on Sunday
last by Mrs. W. M. Gregory, was buried
this afternoon by Deputy Coroner Fow
ler. Last evening a gentleman who did
not want his name known called at the
Morgue and gave Mr. Fowler money with
which to provide a decent burial. He
directed that the receipt for the lot in
the cemetery should be sent to Alfred R.
Bellamy, London.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May 28.— A corps of ladies
of the Red Cross Society is hard at work
making fever bandages for the soldiers
and the work will be continued on Mon
day and all the week if necessary.
Company G will go to Diamond Canyon
to-morrow morning for silhouette target
practice, and in the afternoon will have
its anniversary banquet at the . Leona
Heights Hotel.
Professor Jordan of Stanford University
will lecture on the Passion Play at the
Unitarian church to-morrow evening for
the benefit of the Red Cross League.
Joe Hooker Post, G. A. R., will attend
services at the Park street Methodist
Church in a body to-morrow evening, and
appropriate memorial services will be
held.
The graduating class of '9S of the High
School will give a party at Armory Hall
on the evening of Thursday, June 9.
Died From Alcoholism.
BERKELEY. May 28.— The Coroner's in
quest, held this evening over the remains
of Mrs. Mary Chatfleld, the nurse, who
was found dead in her room In the Cali
fornia Hotel yesterday morning, resulted
in the verdict that death was due to con
gested pneumonia and alcoholism.
Volunteers Elect Officers.
BERKELEY. May 28.— The Berkeley
volunteers held a meeting in Odd Fellows'
Hall last night and elected their officers.
Dr. J. G. Jessup was chosen captain;
Bert V'ilson, first lieutenant; A. L. J.
Woods, second lieutenant, and P. G.
Betts, first sergeant. The company now
numbers ninety-two men. . It will go as
a body to-morrow evening to attend the
services held in the First Congregational
Church on Dana street.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 28.— A sneak thief en
tered the premises of the Peralta Uni
versity Academy last Thursday night,
while the commencement exercises were
in progress, and carried off several of
the tin boxes in which the students keep
their valuables. Several of them con
tained drawing instruments valued at $10
a set.
The Young Men's Republican Club has
elected W. H. Waste, C. D. Maloney and
James Henry as delegates to the Repub
lican League convention to be held in
San Francisco next Tuesday.
Mrs. J. G. Lemmon of Oakland will ad
dress a mass meeting of the Red ~ross
Society, to be held in the First Congre
gational Church to-morrow afternoon at
4:30.
DEPLORE THE
RACETRACK
Dr. Dille Sustained by
the Pastors' Union.
EVILS OF BENEFIT DAYS
RED CROSS LADIES ARE ALSO
COMMENDED.
Because They Declined to Handle
Any of the Tickets for the
Benefit of Last Friday
at Emeryville.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 28.
At a meeting of the Pastors' Union of
Oakland, held to-day, the following was
adopted:
The Pastors' I'nion of the city of
Oakland desires to express its
hearty approval of the recent utter
ances of its president, Hey. Dr. E.
R. Dille, respecting the demoraliz
ing influence of the Emeryville
racetrack, and the patronage it has
received from benevolent
and other organizations and enter
prises. We are ever in deepest and
truest sympathy with our beloved
Fabiola Hospital, and with all legit
imate and proper efforts to add to
its resources for doing good, but
we deplore the recent use of the
racetrack, with all its baneful ac
cessories and activities, to add to
the financial strength of this cher
ished and worthy institution. Such
an act cannot but add to the harm
ful Influence of the racetrack, while
it will ti-nd to weaken any worthy
institution or movement which
adopts it. We beseech all friends
of t\k morals of aur city and vicin
ity to duly consider the Limitless
amount of evil constantly resulting
from the racetrack, and to refrain
from all advertisement of and al
liance with this harmful institu
tion.
E. S. CHAPMAN,
J. K. Mo LEAN,
H. m. Mcknight.
Committee.
Upon motion of Rev. C. H. Hobart, sec
onded by Rev. V. Marshall Law, the fol
lowing was also adopted:
Resolved, That this Pastors' Union
expresses its gratilication that the
Oakland branch of the Red Cross
Society declined to, dispose of
tickets for an alleged '•benefit" at
the Oakland race track, their action
being in harmony with their wise
policy of welcoming contributions
from all citizens and sources, but
allowing the society itself to be
used by none for advertising pur
poses.
OFFICER DOWNEY'S CONDUCT.
Has Been Suspended and Will Have
Charges Placed Against Him.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Police Officer
Frank J. Downey has been suspended by
Chief Fletcher, and the detective force
put to work to find the missing 1 man.
The last seen of him was on Wednesday,
when he boarded the 5 p. m. train for San
Francisco. Ho left without leaving any
word with his family, but told soma
friends that he was going to Stockton.
It was too late for the boat at that hour,
and it is believed that he was under th<s
influence of liquor and did not know what
he was doing.
The Chief has no information regarding
Downey being under the influence of
liquor while on duty, although complaints
were made that he was not conducting
himself as an officer should. Charges will
be preferred against him of absenting
himself from duty without permission.
He was formerly an electric railway em
ploye, and has been doing duty on lower ,
THE CROWDED SCHOOLS.
Board of City Trustees Refuse an
Appropriation and Want a
Bond Election.
AT,AMEDA, May 2s.— At a special meet
ing of the Board of City Trustees last
evening permission was granted to the
Board of Education to pay $1400 for a
lot adjoining the Encinal School premises.
The matter of additional school facilities
•was then taken up. and the need for them
was shown. A motion was made that
$7000 be appropriated for the erection of
wings to the present sehoolhouses where
most needed. This motion was debated at
length, and was finally put to a vote and
lost. The sense of the board was that
a bond election should be held to raise
money enough to build a new structure.
The sentiment of a great many tax
payers, however, is against incurring any
further Indebtedness, and it is very doubt
ful if a bond proposition could be passed.
Death of Mrs. Adjutant Heffelman.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Mrs. Adjutant
Heffelman, who has been in charge of the
Salvation Army Rescue Home at Beulah,
died to-night. For some months she has
been suffering from dropsy, and her death
has been expected for some time.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. Buller of Portland is at the Califor
nia. *
Frank E. Aiken is registered at the
Baldwin.
Joseph D. Bproul and wife of Chlco are
at the Palace.
R. F. Watson of Marysvllle Is registered
at the California.
J. J. Wooley and wife of Log Angeles
are registered at the Baldwin.
Archdeacon and Mrs. Canham of Eng
land are registered at the Occidental.
W. Garrard, a mining man of Angels
Camp, Calaveras County, Is at the Grand.
Mrs. J. Rodman and Mrs. J. C. Aynen
of Washington are guests at the Occi
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Lewis of San Jose,
W. H. Patton, the politician of Los An
geles, are among those registered at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Cook and Miss
Blanche Cook are among the guests at
the Lick, having come up from San Jose
on a pleasure trip.
George P. Morris of Randolph, Vt. ;
James P. Peck, an attorney of Merced;
and John R. Lyons, a wheat-raiser of
Walla Walla, are registered at the Lick.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental
are E. Jacob, the Visalia capitalist, G. M.
Ross of Copperopolis and C. R. Sydney,
the founder of Sydneyville, in Mariposa
County.
Among the naval officers at the Occi
dental are: W. S. Halsey, Surgeon C. T.
Hibbard, both of Mare Island; J. E. Cann,
U. S. N.; Ensign Harri3 Laning, U. S. N.;
and B. M. Lombard, U. S. N.
W. A. Steel, The Call's representative
and business manager in Seattle, is a
guest at the Grand. He is well and favor
ably known in the Northwest, and has
come to this city on a much-needed vaca
tion.
Among those registered at the Palace
are ex-Mayor Ben U. Steinman of Sacra
mento; Thomas Couch, a Montana mining
man; R. E. Pierce, a prominent physician
of San Jose; and R. E. Steele, a Pesca
dero dairyman.
J, Marlon Brooks, the Los Angeles law
yer and politician: Fred Cox, the Sacra
mento banker; Carl E. JLindsay. District
Attorney of Santa Cruz; Frank D. Ryan.
District Attorney of Sacramento; and
Prentiss Maslirf' of the Capitol City are
all at the Grand.
Captain Staden, a retired army officer
and clerk of the United States Circuit
Court at Portland, Or., and wife, who at
tended the graduation of their youngest
son at Stanford University, are now visit
ing their oldest son, Lieutenant Staden,
aid-de-camp to Brigadier-General Otis,
whom they do not expect to see again for
a long time, as he is booked for the Phil
ippines. Captain Staden and wife are
staying at the Occidental Hotel.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Alexander Ruth
erford of San " Francisco is at the Hol
land; Mr. and Mrs. F. Harren, San Fran
cisco, have gone to Paris.
REDUCTIONS IN
SECOND-CLASS RATES
SOUTHERN PACIFIC WILL PUT
SOME IN ISxFECT JUNE 5.
Routings Will Be by Way of Mojave,
El Paso and New Orleans.
Rates via Ogden Not
Changed.
Announcement of reductions in second
class rates was made In the offices of the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday af
ternoon, and created quite a stir in rail
road circles, for it is sufficient evidence
that the big corporation has at last de
cided to enter the field against the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad, which has for some
months been getting the major part of the
business to Eastern points. The reduc
tions will not affect first-class rates, and
aro intended to apply only from here to
three definite Eastern points, and will be
in effect on Sunday, June 5. The rates as
announced are: To St. Louis, ?37; Chi
cago, $32 50; New York, $42 55. As at pres
ent the rates are respectively $47 50, %S1 50
and $ii 6 M, the reductions are material
ones.
These rates will not affect the Ogden
gateway, and the routeings will most
probably be by way of El Paso, via the
Texas and Pacific Railroad, to St. .Louis
via the St. Louis and San Francisco Rail
way, New Orleans and the Illinois Cen
tral, and by Mojave and the Santa Fe.
East of Chicago the traffic will be han
dled by the Nickel Plate line.
As the company must file a list of the
contemplated rates with th<; Interstate
Commissioners and other details must be
complied with, they will sell on and after
June 5 tickets at the present rates with
a rebate order on the terminal point, i* or
instance, to Chicago $52 50 "will be collected
here, and $20 will be returned to the pas
senger when he reaches his point of des
tination. Therefore, until further notice,
the rebate plan will be in operation.
Again, the rates are good only from Sac
ramento or San Francisco eastward, the
rebate being $12 less from Los Angeles
thaji from this city. From intermediate
points the rates will be somewhat higher.
From San Jose the rate will be *1 25
over San Francisco; Stockton and Marys
ville $1 70 and $1 60 respectively over Sac
ramento; Fresno $:'> 75, Ilanford $4 05, Tu
lare and Visalia *5 and Bakerslseid $ti 90
over San Francisco; Mojave $11 S5 over
San Francisco and $3 75 over Los Angeles.
WIDBER'S TECHNICALITIES.
They Are About Exhausted, and He
May Plead Next Saturday.
Augustus C. Widber, the defaulting
Treasurer, has about exhausted all legal
t'Thnallties at his command, and It Is
thought that he will plead to the indict
ment against him next Saturday. \Vi<l
b*r was before Judge Cook yesterday
morning, and on taking up the case of
embezzlement the court dismissed the ue
murrer Introduced by the defendai t lust
week alleging that he had not been served
with a copy of the testimony taken at the
Grand Jury investigation of his case.
Attorney I'lexotto then introduced othor
demurrers to the Indictment. He claimed
that it did not clearly describe Widber's
offense. Judge Cook was not prepared to
decide the points raised and in conse
quence the ease went over for a week.
Should the court decide against Widber at
that time it is thought that he will plead
to the indictment.
The case of Charles Grant, a boy burg-
Lir ivho entered and looted houses of the
fashionabLe district, was next taken up.
The prisoner asked to be sent to Whittier
Reform SchooL Hlfl Honor consented
and sentenced him to the southern insti
tution until he shall become of age. As
Grant is now 1G he will remain in custody
for five years.
Nicholas Tends, convicted of arson in
the second degree for having set fire to a
restaurant at 21 Fifth street, was seu-
Ked to serve ten years in San Quentin
on.
Patriotic Park Music To-Day.
The following programme of patriotic
music has been specially arranged for the
open-air concert in Uolden Gate Park to
day:
Overture, "Merry Wtvea of Windsor" Nleolal
"Waltz, "O X" Warren
Seenos from "Emaiil" Verdi
i Descriptive, "A Musician Astray in the
Forest • Herman
! Selection, "The Serenade" Herbert
American overture on national airs
Arranged by Moses
"Hail Columbia," "Home Sweet Home,"
"Maryland, My Maryland." "Red,
White and Blue," "Yajikee Doodle,"
"Marching Through Georgia," "Ameri
ca," "Good Night, Ladles." "Dixie
Land." "Star Spangled Banner," finale.
Trombone solo from the "Bohemian Girl"
and paraphrase on the "Heart Bowed
Down" Baif e
Performed by F. K. Tobln.
"War Memories; or a Day in Camp"
D. W. Reeves
Contents: "Drummer's Call." "Re
veille," "Assembly," "Glory, Glory,
Hallelujah," "Surgeon's Call." "Stable
Call," "Teas on a Trenohfr," "Break
fast fall." "Guard Call." "Cavalry."
"Boots and Saddles," "The White Cock
ade," "Recall Cavalry," "Dinner Call,"
"Retreat," "Sunset Gun, rattoo."
Battle hymn, "Remember the Maine 1 ';••••••
"Atlas" March,"" dedicated to George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R Friedlander
Betail Grocers Picnic.
Next Sunday will be the date of the
twenty-seventh anniversary picnic of the
retail grocers of this city, the old organi
zation "established in 1871, whose outings
have always been recognized by the
friends of the union and the general pub
lic as the real chance for a good time,
both for young and old. This year the
management of the picnic is under the
leadership of Vice-president Henry Hart
je, assisted by President J. T. Hurley,
Treasurer J. B. Mahoney, Secretary L. P.
Dolder, Messrs. George Heinemann, H.
Drewes, Henry Kohn, I* H. Kohn, D. \V .
Frische. Charles Mann, J. Dugan and
other members, whose names appear on
the elaborately constructed souvenir pro
gramme. The committee has done its best
for the entertainment of the guests of
the Retail Grocers' Protective Lnion. The
wholesalers have liberally contributed
nrizes for the occasion. Among them the
firm of Tillmann & Bendel have donated
an elegant silver tea set, and another old
time friend of the union, Ciaus Spreckels.
has again been particularly liberal to the
committee. The tea set mentioned will
form the first gate prize, and will surely
prove a good drawing card for the grand
success of this year's picnic.
The Yosemite Commission.
The Yosemite Valley Commissioner, W.
W. Foote, left yesterday afternoon for
the Yosemite Valley. The other Commis
sioners, with the exception of Governor
Budd, will leave for the same destination
this afternoon, to hold a meeting on Juna
1, when the question of letting the valley
privileges for the ensuing year will be
dealt with.
Alumni of St. Mary's College.
The annual meeting of the Alumni As
sociation of St. Mary's College will be
held at the Sacred Heart College, corner
of Eddy and Larkin streets, at 2 p. m.
to-day. The annual banquet of the asso
ciation will be held at the same place
to-morrow evening at 7 o'clock. A large
gathering of the graduates is expected on
both occasions.
Of 61,000 breweries In the world
25,000 are in Germany.
ACCUSED
OF BEING A
SPANISH SPY
J. D. Beserra Loses a
Wife and Is Se
verely Beaten.
HE THREATENED TO SHOOT
DISARMED BY HIS RIVAL AND
LOCKED UP IN PRISON.
While Seated in the Patrol Wagon
He Is Attacked by a Sailor,
Who Breaks His
Nose.
Beaten by his hated rivals severely
punched by a drunken sailor, and arrested
on a charge of exhibiting a deadly weap
on, were the misfortunes that befell J. D.
Beserra, a Spaniard, last night.
Several months ago Beserra left his wife
and two children and went to Los An
.geles. Learning that his wife had trans
ferred her affections to another man, he
determined to return to this city and
wreak vengeance on the usurper of his
domestic happiness. He arrived here last
evening, and buying a 32-caliber ! Colt's
revolver, he went to his wife's home at
657 Mission street, bent on killing his
hated rival. Meeting the latter in the
hallway he drew his revolver and at
tempted to shoot. His intended victim
seized him by the right arm, and after
a short struggle succeeded in disarming
him.
The screams of Beserra" s wife attract
ed the attention of Policeman T. C.
Murphy, who placed the bloodthirsty
Spaniard under arrest. While on the
way to the City Prison in the patrol
wagon a drunken sailor, who gave his
name as Eugene Fraser, was picked up
and seated alongside of Beserra. After
carefully scrutinizing the latter, the
sailor, after accusing him of being a
Spanish spy, struck him a blow in the
face, fracturing his nose and closing one
of his eyes.
The sailor started to follow up his ad
vantage when Officer Murphy seized him
and held him until the prison was reach
ed. While struggling with the sailor
Murphy's hand was severely injured, and
Fraser was booked for drunkenness and
battery, and Beserra for exhibiting a
deadly weapon.
Beserra was indignant over the treat
ment accorded him. He claimed that he
had always provided for his wife and
could not understand why she refused to
kir"pr live wi*h him.
"This man Rivero, whom I attempted
to shoot," he declared, "I thought was
my friend. I took him to my house when
he was penniless, and fed him. .When I
learned that he had won the affections of
my wife I swore to be avenged. Why this
drunken sailor should accuse me of being
■ ■ spy .s<i-iii> scraiigf. i..> o a\ the it-asi.
When he struck me I was not prepared
for the assault,, hence his easy victory
over me. I have been in this country for
a number of years, and have taken little
interest in the present conflict between
Spain and the United States."
SPEED RING FOR THE PARK.
Races to Be Held Decoration Day to
Raise Funds.
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association held an enthusiastic
: meeting last night, and made final ar
! rangements for the trotting carnival to
be held at Oakland racetrack on Decora
tion day for the benefit of the speed track
in Golden Gate Park. E. H. Aigeltinger
presided, and after all the entries had
been made the classification committee,
composed of Directors James Chesley,
Frank O'Kane, E. Aigeltinger, C. E. Kapp
and Fred J. Vetter, reported the following
programme:
2:20 class— E. Stewart's Flunkett. E. Cerclafs
Golden West and Jim Chesley' s Palermo.
2:30 class— E. Aigeltlnger's Our Joe, B. D.
Schwartz' Bornlce B, F. O'Kanes Cora C. E.
Cerclat's Bishop Hero, F. Gourmet's Pardee
and J. Hutchlngs' Melwar.
2:40 class — D. Misner's Butcher Boy, R. F.
Gallagher's San Jose, J. C. Ohlandt's Haver
land, E. Stewart's Dandy Pat. C K. Kappa
Marguerite K. F. Meads Haverly and J. C.
Koss 1 General I^afayette.
2:50 class— R. F. Gallagher's Admiral Dewey,
W. Johnson's Lucky Dog, W. Dunn's Mamie
Wllkes. A. Schwartz" Ray Tamlrs.
3:m) class — J. Phillip's Annie G, J. Crowley's
Klngraft. L. Richardson's Jim and J. W.
Hanimerton's Alfred H.
Free-for-all — G. Berry's Alex Gregor, J. Wl
son's Hlgo del Diablo and F. O' Kane's Mon
terey.
W. T. Hommerton, P. Farrell and R. F. Gal
lagher were selected to act as judges and Tim
Crowley was unanimously chosen to officiate
as starter.
LABOR BUREAU CONCLUSIONS.
Federal Agents Investigate the Cost
of Manufacturing Various *
Products.
Special agents of the United States
Bureau of Labor are investigating the
cost of manufacturing various articles
of use and ornament throughout the
United States. A corps o£ the most skill
ful of these investigators, under Special
Agent Sheridan, is now engaged in look-
Ing into the cost of manufacturing Cali
fornia products, both by hand and macni
nery. They will not complete their labor
for some weeks, but the results, it is
said, will prove most satisfactory. It will
be shown that the cost of nearly all prod
ucts has been reduced from 20 to 100 per
cent by modern methods.
;j;v;; . ADVERTISEMENTS.
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.), ~
35 Years in the Alaska TTracJ©.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP I
L,E3EILiANA"W,
Rating Al— loo Lloyds,
Will Sail From Howard
Wharf No. 2— •*.;
JUNE 5, 18Q8,
— — DIRECT TO — —liste
ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting With Our River Fleet,
LINDA, ARNOLD, LEON, HERMAN, CUB, BEAR, FOX,
LYNX, SEAL, OTTER, MINK, ;
". . "' — — FOR: "-..■.-■■.,•.
DAWSON CITY
AND POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
Our boats are the most powerful now in Alaska and ready for prompt dis-
patch.
No delays. Quick connections. No towing from San Francisco. Best
service en route. . Comfortable quarters. Courteous treatment. ,
Owning our own wharves, lighters, towboat, warehouses and hotel at St.
Michael. f- '■ ■ '■'-■ /-: ' ■/, ' * : ':'--
Merchandise orders or letters of credit on our various stations on the Yu- ■
kon River. No fee charged to passengers. . . •' • , s- ■ . .
: For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
GENERAL TICKET AND FREIGHT OFFICE,
, ; ; UEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET. ;V:; V: ,
AUCTION SALES,
AUCTION SALE
OF
BANKRUPT STOCK.
THE ST. LOUIS JEWELRY COMPANY" S
entire stock of $SO,OOO worth, of DIAMONDS.
WATCHES. JEWELRY. Cl'T GLASS. STER-
LING SILVER NOVELTIES, ART GOODS.
ETC., will be snld regardless of cost at 1036
Market at. Sale opens FRIDAY at 2 p. m.
"H. L. REED. Auctioneer.
NEVILLS HINTS
AT FORGERY
DECLINES TO IDENTIFY LET-
TERS AS BEING HIS.
Admits That He Is Willing to Com
promise With the Women He
Is Prosecuting.
Quite a crowd gathered in Judge Joach
imsen's courtroom yesterday, in the hope
of listening to some spicy testimony or
the reading of some of the interesting cor
respondence that has been mentioned dur
ing the present hearing. Disappointment
was In store for them, as the testimony
offered was short and dry, and no let
ters were read.
Mrs. Warren Newcombe. who resides at
625 Powell street, was the first witness
called, and under the cross-examination
of Attorney Baker it was elicited that
she had gone to Fresno on the 24th of
February of this year at the suggestion
of Captain Nevills for the purpose of
seeing Mrs. Williams, with a view to
suppressing the scandal that was about
to be made public. She stated that she
met Mr. Azhderian on the train, and they
discussed things. Mr. Baker tried to make
her admit that she learned that Azh
derian was on the same mission, but the
witness said she was unaware of it.
Mrs. Newe-ombe said that Mrs. Williams
was going to bring, a suit against the
captain for betrayal, and she went there
for the purpose of suppressing it. "I
stayed at the Grand Central with Mrs.
Williams the night of my arrival, and
was present when Mr. Nevills signed the
chtck." She said that she remained a
half hour, but heard no conversation be
tween the captain and his accuser. "Mrs.
Williams left the room to cash the check,
and on her return I left. I know that
she stayed in the hotel two or three days
nursing the captain." On imparting the
above information the witness was ex
cused, and Captain Nevills, the relentless
prosecutor of the alleged conspirators,
was tailed. He entered the courtroom
with a heavy tread, glanced at the
woman who charges him with the crime,
and was given a sweet smile of com
passion in return.
On taking the stand. Attorney Baker
handed him three or four spicy letters,
evidently written by the witness, and
asked him to acknowledge their authen
ticity, and also the meaning of certain
paragraphs.
"What was the meaning of that, letter,
Mr. Baker asked, handing the witness a
billet defcx. "The meaning was that the
public knew that Elsie Williams was try
ing to extort money from .me," answered
Nevills.
"You stated you were willing to settle
with her, but you did not like to pay
lawyers." asked his questioner.
Captain Nevills tried to restrain his feel
ings, and said, "Read the letter."
Instead of complying with his request,
and much to the disappointment of those
in court, Mr. Baker handed it to the wit
ness.
He was asked whether he did not mean
by "that it was all out now" that the
matter had been found out by Mrs.
Nt'vills. "I did not mean my wife," an
swered the captain. "I meant that they
had told it to an attorney and sworn to
a complaint..
"You understood that she was going to
expose you to your wife?"
"Yes," said Nevills, "I supposed it wai
all out between us."
The last remark caused the persecuted
ladies to laugh outright, in which all
joined.
On objection by Mr. Dunne the court
ruled that the letters must be identified,
and Mr. Bakor obeyed. He handed the
witness a letter, and as the latter took
some time to examine the epistle, Mr.
Baker peevishly remarked: "Does it take
you as long as that to identify your hand
writing?"
The witness answered: "In this case,
where there has been so many charges
of forgery, it does. It looks like my writ
ing."
The witness was shown a number of
other letters, all of which he declined to
identify, saying that he was not sure it
was his handwriting.
An adjournment was taken until next
Friday at 2 o'clock, when the captain will
be further catechised.
SOCIALISTS IN CONVENTION.
Committees Appointed and Prelim-
inaries Satisfactorily Arranged.
The State Convention of the Socialist
Labor party met in the Turk-street Tem
ple last evening for the arrangement of
preliminaries and the appointment of
committees. There was a good repre
sentation from all parts of the State and
a great deal of enthusiasm was mani
fested.
James Andrew of Berkeley was elected
chairman and Oliver Everett of San
Francisco secretary. The committeemen
elected were as follows: Credentials —
Hecht, King and Kingsley; order of busi
ness—Harriman and Wright; platform
and resolutions— Tug, Harriman, Franz,
Wilker.s and Wright; ways and means —
Grebs. Ogden, Harriman, Kingsley, Me-
Iver, Wright and Speed.
As the roll was called each delegate
gave a brief report of conditions and
progress in his part of the State, which
was very satisfactory. Each section of
the State has had substantial gains in
membership during the past year and the
propaganda committees have in all cases
done a great deal of work for the cause.
, The convention will reconvene at 10
o'clock this morning, when the actual
work of adopting a State platform, laying
out a plan of campaign and making nomi
nations will be taken up.
1516
THE DEMOCRATS
ARE UNABLE
TO HARMONIZE
Major Hartley's Followers Will Not
Abide by the State Committee
Decision.
Governor Budd Publicly Announced That
lie Is Not a Candidate for Governor or
Senator.
The efforts of the Democratic State
Central Committee to restore harmony
In the camp of the local Democracy
have failed. A new county committee
was appointed by the State Committee
rday at the California Hotel on
recommendation of the "harmony"
committee, but the followers of Harney
and Rainey are still sulking in their
tents. After the State Committee
meeting adjourned yesterday afternoon,
several of the membirs of the old Harney
committee declared that they would vote
the Republican ticket at the next general
election rather than submit to the dicta
tion of the men selected to supplant the
old committees of the two warring fac
tions.
Governor Budd, who is a member of the
State Central Committee, attended the
meeting, and in the course of a speech
declared that he ■was not a candidate for
United States Senator or for Governor.
That news was received with pleasure by
the friends of Congressman Maguire. who
feared that Governor Budd might go be
fore the next Democratic State convention
F.--oking a renomination for the office he
now holds. His public withdrawal from
the Senatorial fight also surprised many,
who thought that in the event of there
being a Democratic majority in the next
State Legislature, he might seek to suc
ceed Ser.at.ir White.
From th? standpoint of harmony the
meeting was anything but a success. The
two local factions are in worse position
now than they wen- before. The mem
bers of the ilarney wing believe that they
were unfairly treated, and they will not
submit to the decrees of the Stiite com-
The result will be a merry war
among the Democrats between now and
election
I he meeting was called to order short
fore nooa hour by Chairman Aiford,
innounced that the first business for
considaratioii was the report of the com
mittee of nine appointed to reorganize and
harmonize the local factions.
K. L. Fitzgerald of Alameda, chairman
of the committee, read a lengthy report,
unending that neither of the con.
ai factions be recognized and
that in the stead, of both, the following
committee of 100 be appointed to manage
the affairs of the local Democracy:
Dr. Beverly Cole. John P. Dunn, Dr. C. A.
Clinton. James Denman, M. Greenblatt, A.
Conite Jr.. W. n. Cope, I'harles \V. Kay, John
M. Klein, Jeremiah Deasy, Frank J. Henry,
b Gorman, H. P. Doolan, William T
Hess, Thomas G. Pindar, William M. Hlnton.
H. Jones. J>. C. Murphy. Dr. T. B. Leland.
J. Gutte. A. B. Maguire, R. V. Whiting. P.
J. MeCormack, Howard Park. Q. Howard
Thompson, .)<remiah Coey, Juhn McGilvray,
I'i. Thomas Shumate Dr. F. Morse, M. H
Hernan, Finlay Cook, Frank K. Lane. E. A.
Brlageiord, 'j imothy Lyons, W. H. Vincent.
"William G. Murdock,' Daniel O'Neal, W. H.
Mead. W. Goodwin Williams, Patrick Upland,
J. ('. McKinstry, James N. Block. George F.
Lynch. Frederick IVnlokp, Rudolph Herold. Dr.
Chrtrlr-s E. Jones, Samuel Braunhart, M. C.
Maxsett, Leo ECaufmann, Louis IJartlett, W. J.
Farren, Lawrence J. lirann.m, P. H. McCarthy,
P. J. Tomalty, Joseph N. N<.ugu*-s. John H.
Urady. T. J. Walsh. Timothy O'Brien, John
Fay Jr.. Thomas Murray, Sidney Van Wyck,
Max Popper, Hurry N. Kelly, W. J. McGee,
James Hutler, Edward Ketldy, Edmond ii^ti
ch.mx. E. P. E. Troy, William A. Murison,
James H. Harry, James V. Coleman. Henry
Leichtenstein, Richard G. Curtis, K. ( . Drew,
J. F. Cavagnero, Jnhn H. Hansen, Mathew
Lally. : Kinney, Peter J. Dunne, J.
13. Relnstein, Ongood Putnam, John F. Twigg,
Reedy, Max Magnus, Percy Henderson,
L. I" Byington, P.en Hawcs, Bart Burke, «.'.
M Stultz, '"mus Barbour, l»r. C A. 11.17f.-r,
William i" r air. l'-.i:r> Baldwin, M. .lasp. r Mc
• i>nrto Smith, J. I.
Galla+,-lier, .'• hn F. Buckley, Emll Pohli.
After the reading of the report of tho
committee Byron i tall of Yolo arose to
n q testion of privilege and asked by what
authority the State Central Committee
tuted Itself the guardian of the lo
cal ] "-inocracy ?
Chairman Alford replied that the sub
committee had been appointed at the re
quest of the contending local factions.
Ball thereupon said that the State Com
mittee was invading the rights of the
cities of the State. Tt was his opinion
that the State Committee had no right,
power or authority to interfere in local
factional lights.
W. Brobeck of San Francisco followed
In a brief but pointed speech. He said
that nevi r before in the history of the
party In the State had there been such
an attempt to usurp the rights of Dem
ocrats. He claimed that the committee
was not composed of men rjnversant
with the political feeling of the city Dem
ocrats, and that under the circumstances
they had no right to attempt to dictate
just what should be done.
(Jiivln Mc'.Nali replied in defense of the
committee's report and said that the
State Committee of the Democratic party
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND
CURED OF
I take pleasure in letting you know how
much Cuticura Remedies have done for me,
ray father and two brothers. In tho fall of
'95,1 began to be afflicted with an itchingrash
under my chin. It kept spreading until it
was all over my body. I could not sleep but
was compelled to lie awake and scratch all
the time. My father and two brothers wero
afflicted with the same thing, at the same time.
We all suffered terribly fora year and a half,
trying in the meantime all tho remedies wo
could find, but received no benefit. I hap-
pened to see Coticcra Remedies advertised
and how they had cured others from itching
ekin diseases, and we thought we would try
them. I bought three cakes of Cuticura
Boap and three boxes of Cdticuka (ointment)
and they cured the fimr of us completely.
Any person doubting the truth of this state-
ment can write me. RICHARD ANDERSON,
Feb. 22, '98. Geneva, Box Elder Co., Utah. ■
ECZEMA FOR YEARS CURED BY CUTICURA
I had an attack of Eczema several years ago
and found myself in the clutches of a monster
whose business itivas to torture me and make
life miserable.' Ccticura Remedies were
recommended to me by my druggist, Mr. T.
P. Van Winkle of Hartford City, Ind. I nsetl
altogether three bottles of Cuticura Resol-
vent, with frequent baths with Coticora
Boap, and theuseof the (ointment),
and in four months found myself cured.
Feb. 23, 1898. DAVID COLE, Roll, Ind.
GrBSDTCcus Tbfatmbxt fob TOBTTBIWO. Disrio-
CBimo Hi:mors. — Warm b»tb« with Ccticuka Hoat,
rentla unointlngt with Cutiocka [olntxent], purest of
emolllentakln ourf t, and mild dote> of Citiccia Rb-
•olveit, gretteit of blood purifltn and humor curei. I
Bold throughout th* world. Fottbb Dbvo a Chxu. '
«ir '" JUINo \;otp Tortaxißg BUa DUiuu," (m, -■ .
had on mor« than one occasion been com
pelled to take a hand in settling local dif
ferences.
P. J. Harney, chairman of one of the
i factions, next claimed the floor.
! Chairman Alford said that Harney, who
■ only held a proxy, was not allowed, under
th« committee rules, to speak.
"I move that Major Harney be per
! mitted to speak." said Governor Budd.
The motion, being put, was carried and
Harney entered into a lengthy discussion
concerning the rights of the two local
; factions. He claimed that the committee
of which he is chairman was the only
legal body, and that to not recognize it
■ meant disruption in the party. He dls- i
puted the right of the State Committee ;
: to interfere in local affairs, and in con- .
eluding said that the San Francisco Dem
ocr&ts were able to govern themselves.
"We know our rights." said he, "and I
I earnestly ask the committee to pause and i
: reflect before voting on the report of the >
harmony committee. I believe that if the
report is adopted as read it will only
serve to disintegrate the party in thii
! city."
Governor Budd followed Harney, and
said that he was untrammeled by
, any personal interests. "I am not a can-
I dldate for Governor, nor am I a. c&ndi
: date for Senator," said he, '"and I will
further add that I would not accept
either nomination if it were offered me." ,
He then said that it was a delicate matter
to decide just what should be done under
the circumstances. "Something must be
done," he concluded, "to restore harmony
In San Francisco. To jeopardize this city |
means defeat to the State ticket."
John W. Mitchell ol bos Angeles of- |
fered as a substitute a motion that each
member outside of San Francisco be al- j
1 lowed to name a member of the local
I county committee, making the committee
I consist of 129 instead of 10<> members.
Mitchell's motion was lost by a vote of
S4 noes and 23 ayes.
"I now move that the committee report
be adopted." said Mitchell.
"I object." exclaimed Ball of Yolo, "for
it is a most revolutionary measure. Its |
! adoption means disruption in the ranks j
' of the San Francisco Democracy."
Major Harney again claimed the floor.
"1 object to the committee report," he .
; exclaimed, "for it does not give a fair ;
representation. About thirty of the m^n i
named to serve on the new committee are I
from the Sullivan wing of the Democracy, ■
and I ask the sub-committee to show me •
a man from our side. Is that fair or
honest? In the interest of harmony I ask
! that the committee report be rejected and ;
i that this State committee call a primary
to be held within the next thirty days.
! Let us decide at the polls who is to serve
on the county committee. Give us a pri
raary and I promise you, gentlemen, that
the side I represent will abide by the re
sult."
To choke off debate the previous ques
tion was called for and carried by a vote
of '7 ayes to 42 noes.
The motion to adopt the committee re
i port naming the 100 members who are
! to serve on the new County Committee
! was then taken up, and a call of the roll
i demanded.
When the name of Governor Budd was
j called, some one voted aye.
The Governor wa.s leaving the meeting |
hall just at that moment, and Chairman !
Alford called out: "Did you vote aye, j
t Juv.-rnor?"
"I presume I did," replied the Governor j
sarcastically, "for McNab says so."
The roll call then proceeded and the
committee report was adopted by a vote
uf eighty ayes to twenty noes.
The report of the committee of five ap- ■
pointed to confer with the Populists and j
Silver Republicans relative to putting up j
a fusion ticket wns next read by J. W".
Mitchell, chairman of the committee. The j
report was to the effect that the joint
committee had been unable to do any
thing, as the Populist committee had been
instructed to vote to have the convention !
held at Sacramento on July 12. "While :
union and fusion is desired," said Mitch- i
ell, after reading the report, "we were j
unable to do anything, as the committee !
has not yet fixed on the time and place
for holding the next State convention."
Marion Brooks objected to any delay in 1
fixing the time and moved that the con- j
vention meet on August 25 in this city.
Chairman Alford ruled the motion out i
of order, as it was decided at the last
meeting of the State Central Committee \
that the matu-r of fixing the time and
place for holding the State convention be I
determined at a special mating.
Major Harney then Introduced a set of i
resolutions providing that the newly
named committee to manage tho local
Democracy be Instructed to call a prim
ary for the election of five members from j
each of the eighteen Assembly Districts j
to form a new county committee.
The resolutions were ruled out of or- '
der and the committee adjourned to the '
call of the chair.
The Harney committee will remain in I
existence, notwithstanding the appoint- I
ment of the new committee, as the mem- i
hers do not believe that they have been i
fairly treated. Inasmuch as 'about thirty
ol the Sullivan wing were put on the new
committee and they were entirely ignored
they do not think that they were justly :
treated by the State Committee. '"""*
CHARTER ELECTION EXPENSES.
The Commissioners Discuss Prepara
tions for the General
Election.
The Board of Election Commissioners
held a short session yesterday morning,
at which the. officers who served on the
charter election were allowed $10 each for
their services. The total amounts to
$3760.
An informal discussion was had regard-
Ing registration for the general election
next November.
Next Tuesday. June I. r^i strati on at
the central office in the City Hall will
commence; but it is thought that not
much interest will be paid to registration
before July.
Auditor Broderick. accepting the deci
sion of the people last Thursday- for a
reduction of salaries by adopting the
charter, moved that the clerks in the
Registrar's office bo paid $100 a month in
future instead of $12. r >, as has been the
custom heretofore. Mayor I'lielan and
Registrar Biggy did not favor the motion,
but, nevertheless, it was carried.
One of those little pleasantries that will
become more manliest by and by between
the Auditor and the Registrar cropped
out at the meeting when Biggy notified
the Commissioners that he wanted clerks
Broderick wished to know the number
but Biggy declined to say. adding that
he would only employ what were neces
sary. Broderick reminded him that the
Commissioners were responsible, and not
the Registrar, for tho management of the
office. Mayor Phelan seemed disposed to
yield to the Registrar's views, but the
Auditor stood firm. The matter may be
further discussed at the meeting on
Tuesday.
A Maine Picnic.
The State of Maine Association of Cali
fornia will celebrate the twenty-first an
niversary of its organization by a picnic
at Shell Mound Park next Saturday. The
association, having attained its majority,
promises to this yoar outdo all former
f-fforts to entertain its members and their
friends, and a hearty New England wel
come will be extended to all who attend.
The programme, under the direction of.
the president, W. G. Dinsmore, will be
of special interest, as i! will contain
many patriotic features. E. W. Marston
of Oakland is to be the orator of the day,
and Miss Florence Matheson of San Fran
claco will read *•«» original yoem.
THE SAST FRAISTCISCO CALL, SIHSTPAY, MAY 29, 1898.
SNATCHED
HIS WATCH
AND RAN
Bold Crimes in the
Western Addition.
"GUS" FREYER THE VICTIM
KOBBED OF HIS WATCH WITHIN
A FEW FEET OF HIS HOME.
An Elderly Woman Also Believed of
Her Purse While Visiting
Sddiers at the Pre
sidio.
The police are looking: for two daring
thieves, who have been operating in the
Western Addition.
Several days ago they snatched a purse
from a woman, who was walking along
Van Ness avenue, and notwithstanding
that they were pursued by several citi
zens, who witnessed the act, they man
aged to escape.
Last Thursday night August Freyer, a
saloonkeeper, who lives on Devisadero
street, near Filbert, was on his way home,
when he was accosted by two roughly
clad men, who asked him the time. Freyer
took out his watch and as he opened it,
one of the nien grabbed the timepiece and
ran away, followed by the astonished
saloonkeeper.
After running a short distance Freyer,
realizing he could not overtake them,
gave up the chase. Last night he visited
police headquarters and reported the rob
bery. From his description of the thieves
the police are convinced that they are the
nun who snatched the purse from the
woman on Van Ness avenue.
Henry Heidron, who lives at 973 Harri
son street, mourns the loss of a purse
containing $171 and a gold ring, which
was stolen from him last Wednesday
while he was en route to the butchers'
picnic.
After reaching the Oakland mole Hei
dron, who was In the midst of the crowd,
was suddenly struck a blow in the side.
As he turned around to see who admin
istered the blow he felt a hand inserted
in his pocket. Before he could seize the
hand it was quickly drawn from his
pocket, together with Ills purse and its
valuable contents. Last night Heidron
reported the robbery to Captain Spillane.
lie is convinced that the thief struck him
in the side so as to divert his attention
while he abstracted his pocket-book.
An elderly woman named Mrs. Bur
roughs, who lives on Twentieth street,
was robbed of her purse containing $2 50
while visiting the Presidio yesterday. She
took a basketful of provisions to the sol
diers and was boarding a street car
when some thief deftly picked her pocket
of her purse.
COMPANIONS OF THE
FOREST OF AMERICA
NEXT GRAND CIRCLE SESSION
TO BE HELD IN THIS CITY.
Addition to the List of Grand Offi
cers — Prominent Candidates.
The Order Has Recouped.
The next session of the Grand Circle of
the Companions of the Forest of America
will be held In this city on Wednesday,
the Ist of June, the first session opening
at 10 o'clock In the morning In the Al
cazar building. of the Grand Clrcla of
Companions of the Forest of America
be held In this city on Wednesday,
Ist of June, the first session opening
.0 o'clock in the morning in the Al
ir building,
At the close of the previous session,
when Mrs. Emma Harrington, the incum
bent, was elected grand chief companion,
the order was not in as flourishing a con
dition as It might have been. That of
ficial, during her term, has worked hard
to build it up again, and in the past year
through the enthusiasm she instilled In It
seven new circles were instituted. One was
deprived of its charter for failure to
maintain the laws. A portion of that cir
cle was reorganized under the name of
Phoenix. The losses which the order
sustained in previous years were recouped
and it Is now In better condition than It
has been for some time, prior to last
June.
During the session a number of meas
ures, having for their tendency . the ad
vancement of the order, will be consid
ered. Instead of eleven grand officers,
as In the past, under the amended laws
of the Supreme Circle, fourteen will be i
elected. The change abolishes the offices
of grand guard and grand sentry, sub
stituting grand inner guard and grand
outer guard and adding grand right and ;
grand guard and grand sentry, «üb
uting grand Inner guard and grand
?r guard and adding grand right and
grand left guide.
The present grand officers are: Mrs.
Emma Harrington of San Francisco.
grand chief companion; Ira "W. Coburn of
San Francisco, subchief companion; Miss
Agnes D. Bremer of Alameda, secretary;
Mrs. C. O. Miller of San Francisco, treas
urer; Mrs. Flora Jacobs of San Fran
cisco and Mrs. Theodore Muegge of
Woodland, trustees; Mrs. M. Connell of
San Francisco, marshal: Frank T. Mur
man of Sonora, guard; F. X. Wallace of
San Diego, sentry, and Miss E. Russell of
San Francisco, organist.
The following named are the delegates
to the grand body:
San Francisco circles: Excelsior No. 2— Mrs.
N. B, Bmlth, Mrs. C. Tucker. Bay City No.
11— Mrs. Leah Marks, Mrs. Helene Worms.
Diana No. Miss E. Rappln. Golden Gate
No. Herman Kohn, Max E. Licht. Lorely
No. 2C— Mrs. L. Over. Live Oak No. 29—
Mrs. L. Holland, Mrs. B. Krammer. Robin
Hood Xo 58 — Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Mrs. H.
Ballly. Mrs. L. : Ticoulet. Mizpah No. 100—
Mrs. .L. Baston. ■ Golden Era No. 103— Mrs. R.
Kemp van Ee. Bonita Ko. 104— Dickford.
(This delegate, since his election, enlisted .in
the First California Regiment of Volunteers,
and the alternate. Miss May Bailey, will rep
resent the circle.) Pride of the Forest No. 204—
Mrs. Y. Williams. Inter Nos No. 215— T. F.
Blake, Mrs. K. Haughy. Pride of Columbia
No 259 Edward McCarthy. San Francisco No.
267— Miss Mary Foye. Presidio No. 26S— Mrs.
Annie Morrison.
Alameda— Hamlet No. 64— Miss I. P. Rose.
Golden Gate— University No. 322— Miss A. N.
Neidt. •
Healdeburg— Sotoyome No. 327— Delegates not
yet reported. . • *■
Jamestown— Mother Lode No. 824— Dr. C. E.
Con»tdon. A. P. Sherer.
Kern Juanita No. 325— Mrs. J. W. Shaf
fer.
Los Angeles— Laurel No. 10*— Mrs. J. Krlm
mlnger. ■ .
Marysville— No. 101— Mrs. Amelia Al
drich, Sarah Finnegan.
Merced— Chrysanthemum No. 32G— Mrs. Susie
Robinson. '
Nevada City— Freedom Circle No. 108— Mrs.
Llbby Lanßman.
Oakland-Oakland No. 3— Mrs. A. Davis.
Loyal No. 323— M. E. Harris.
— Orange Blosson No. 266— Mrs. Emma
Jolly Miss Hattie Marks. .-.
yvtaluma— Circle No. 155— 11. Le
zinsky.
San TMeso— Gate-San Diego No. 271—
Miss Josephine Aust. Mrs. Nellie F. Carter.
San — San Jose No. 210— Mrs. Martha Ma
lone. ■
San Rafael—Evening Star No. Delegates
not vet reported.
Santa Ana-Fidelity No. 270— Mrs. M. Zim
merman.
Santa Barbara— Ocean Vle-w No. 263— Miss
Jennie Workurka. - '■
Sonnro— Sonoro No. 269— Miss Jessie L&ugh
rey Mrs. G. B. Sandoval.
Stockton— Stockton No. 130— Mrs. R. M.
Watsonvllle— Pnjaro Valley Rose No. 207— A.
W Martin. ■ ■
Woodland— Surprise of Woodland No. 209—
Mrs. Etta.Barchi. , . .
The most prominent candidate for grand
chief is the present subchief, Ira W. Co
burn and for subchief the one , most
spoken of is Mrs. Flora Jacobs, at pres
ent grand trustee.
Not Alma X uns nusband.
Mrs. Alma E. Keith, who entertained
the boys in blue on Monday night, desires
to correct the statement that her hus
band is not among the living. She says:
"It was my father. E. B. Carter, who
was honored at Omaha by the G. A. R.
at 'his funeral. Mr. Keith is still alive
and well, and he and his wife are both
ready when duty calls to do all in their
power for the honorof 'Old Glory.' "
Enjoy a pleasant day to-morrow at Bt.
Robo'b nlcnic at Shell Mound. •
THE DETAILS
ARE NOW ALL
COMPLETED
Convention of Republican Clubs
Will Prove a Successful Po
litical Gathering.
The Address of Welcome to the Delegates
Will Be Delivered by General
W. H. L. Barnes.
The convention of the California
league of Republican Clubs, to be held
next Tuesday afternoon In Golden Gate
Hall, promises to be one of the most
successful political gatherings ever held
in this State.
The local committees having the
affair in hand have left nothing undone
that might add to the pleasure and
comfort of the delegates from the in
terior. There will be representatives
from every section of the State, and it
is believed that with the local delegates
the convention roll will have fully 700
delegates. The hotels h;ive guaranteed
that the best in the city will be fur
nished delegates and their friends and
that there will not be any raise In
prices. If every visiting member does
not enjoy himself it will not be due to
any oversight on the part of those hav
ing charge of the details.
The convention has been called by
authority of the National Republican
League Convention of 1597, and under
the direction of the California State
League. The convention will be com
posed of delegates from all of tho Re
publican clubs in the State. Each Re
publican club in California is entitled
to one delegate at large and one ad
ditional delegate for every twenty-five
members upon its roll.
The business of the convention will
THE OUTLOOK GRATIFYING
President Kinneu Discusses the Convention,
LOS ANGELES, May 28, 189 S.
To the Call: The interest that is
being manifested In our approach
ing State League convention at t-'an
Francisco is most gratifying to the
officers of the organization. The
low rates made by the railroad and
steamship lines for the occasion
will attract Republicans from all
over the State. „ .
The convention will be called to
order Tuesday. May HI, at 1 o'clo. k.
It will be tli.'- first gathering of its
kind ever held in California. Its
business will Include the election
of thirty-, ight delegates to the Na
tional Republican .League Conven
tion, Which meets at Omaha July
13. the election of State and dis
include reports from the officers of the
league, election of State officers for the
ensuing year, the designation of the
time and place for holding the next
I convention, the adoption of a constitu
tion, and the election of tblrty-eisfct
delegates to the National League Con
vention to be held on July 13, at
Omaha.
The convention will again awaken
the spirit of the Republican party and
its voters will enter with additional en
thusiasm into the approaching cam
paign. The best and ablest speakers
in the State will discuss the political
questions of the day. and each and
every delegate will, when the conven
tion is over, return to his home filled
with a spirit of enthusiasm that will be
shown In the next State battle or bal
lots.
The general reception committee met
at the Union League Club last night to
complete the last of the details per
taining to the reception and entertain
ment of the delegates from the Mster
counties of the State. E. M. Galvin.
chairman of the committee, announced
that the Baldwin Hotel man^ement
had kindly extended to the visiting
delegates the use of the dining rooms
on the second floor of the hotel.
The executive and reception commit
tees will establish headquarters there
to-day and delegates from the country
will find there everything needed in the
shape of writing material. They arc
also invited to make the rooms a gen
eral headquarters where they can meet
their friends.
Chairman Galvin was authorized last
night to appoint a subcommittee of ten
members to meet the visiting delegates
at the ferry landing and furnish them
all necessary information.
The executive committee of the State
League met last night at the Baldwin
Hotel to complete its work. The dele
gates to the convention are requested
to meet there Tuesday afternoon at
12:30 o'clock and march in a body to
the convention hall. A band has been
engaged to head the delegates and also
render music at Intervals during the
convention. W. H. L. Barnes has ac
cepted an Invitation to deliver the ad
dress of welcome.
A mass meeting will be held Tuesday
evening in Golden Gate Hall. Ex-Sena
tor Tirey L. Ford has been chosen ta
act as chairman of the meeting.
A. \V. Kinney, president of the Cali
fornia League of Republican Clubs, ar
rived from Los Angeles yesterday and
when seen at the headquarters of the
organization last night said:
"The time allotted for the convention,
Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday,
seems little enough for the immense
amount of work which must be accom
plished. Even the arranging of the cre
dentials of such a large body is an ex
traordinary task.
"The convention will adopt a consti
tution and elect thirty-four delegates
to the National Republican League
Convention, which meets in Omaha on
July 13. The convention will separate
into district conventions to elect dis
trict league officers.
"One of the important questions to
be settled by the convention will be
whether the convention shall be annual
or biennial.
"The league officers feel gratified at
the splendid accommodations extended
to the committee by the Baldwin Hotel
management. The rooms allotted will
be ample for all the various committee
meetings and meetings of delegations.
"Los Angeles will send up a vigorous
tEict officers for the ensuing year,
the designation of time and place
for holding the next State conven
tion and a general discussion of
plans for a league campaign.
Every Republican club in Califor
nia is entitled to send representa
tives, the basis being one delegate
at-large for each organization and
one delegate additional for every
twenty-five members upon its rolls.
Verified copies of the club roll must
accompany each delegation.
San Francisco may look forward
to a large and enthusiastic con
vention. It will be earnest and pa
triotic in Its deliberations. South
ern California will be well repre
sented. Yours for the cause,
• A. W. KINNEY, President.
delegation and that city will make a
strong pull for the next convention
They will bring propositions from the
Chamber of Commerce, Boaid of Trade,
hants 1 and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation and citizens generally.
"The convention will be governed by
the precedure of national and State
league conventions. The present league
officers will officiate until their succes
sors ~re elected.
"In view of the large amount of work
to be covered by the body a large num
ber of committees must . cessarily be
appointed, and these in tur- will ap
point sub-committees.
"The principal business of the con
vention, according to the call, besides
the election of officers and national
delegates, will be the adoption of a sys
tematic plan for a vigorous league cam
paign during the coming year."
A Mimic Battle To-Day.
Lrc of the most interesting as well as
unique entertainments ever given in this
city was held at the residence of Mrs.
Cesar Bertheau. 2112 Vallejo street,yester
day afternoon from 1 to 5 o'clock, the en
tire proceeds being devoted to the Red
Cross Society. The entertainment con
sisted of the representation in miniature
of a battle. No less than 3500 toy soldiers
one and a half inches in heignt comprised
the opposing forces, which were arranged
with exceeding care.
The battle-field was laid out on an im
mense table and was divided by a river.
Hills, valleys and plains were represent
<<l. over which cavalry and infantry
charged and artillery was brought into
action. Part of the attacking forces had
been thrown across the river and suc
ceeded in turning the left wing of the
enemy, which in turn had flanked the in
vadera on their left. Every detail was
faithfully carried out. and the scene
elicited the warmest praise. Over $100
was realized by the entertainment, which
will be repeated again this afternoon at
the same hours and for the same worthy
purpose. _
Indies' tailor-made suits; latest designs: we
Klve credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 6 & 7.
ADVERTISEMENT".
EIGHT
SPECIAL
BARGAINS !
15,000 yards PRINTED LACE DIMITIES AND(J| ft Vorrl
ORGANDIES U4b ldlUl
4000 yards Best Quality COTTON COVERT lOift VarH
SUITINGS I/2U IdlUl
12,000 yards Extra Quality 36-INCH PRINTED |l)| ft V« rf |
PERCALES IZ2U IdlUl
3000 yards GENUINE SCOTCH TENNIS FLAN- Qflft Yard
NEL, fast colors JUll ldlUl
1500 yards FANCY SAXONY FLANNELS, new J(| A Varrl
colorings 4UG ldf0 '
3 cases Extra Quality WHITE BED- <£ I ftft C ap k
SPREADS dIiUU LdUll
2 cases LACE CURTAINS, white and ecru. . Oi ftJJ D« j,
1 case REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE (O CfJ r ap U
COVERS, 2 yards square OZi JU CdUil
The particular attention of our pa-
trons is directed to above goods.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
YSAYE AS AN
ACCOMPANIST.
COMPLIMENTS GEBARDY BY
APPEARING.
The Audience Listens With Delight
to the Rendition of Bach's
Aria by the Noted
Artists.
Ysaye, the renowned virtuoso who has
enraptured large audiences at the Bald
win during the past wefk by his masterly
bowing, created a furor at the popular
playhouse last evening by artistically ac
companying Gerardy on the piano in the
latter's rendering of Bach's aria.
It Is impossible to say who was the most
surprised— Gerardy or the musio-lovers
who sat before the footlights. The sud
denness of Ysaye's appearance on the
stage, following as he did Gerardy, who
had returned to respond to the enthusias
tic appreciation of his playing of one ol
Locatelli's beautiful sonatas, simply held
the audience spellbound.
Their eyes followed his dignified march
across the stage, and when he took his
seat at the piano they awaited develop
ments. It soon came. Gerardy's graceful
bow was drawn across the bridge of his
noble and soul-stirring violoncello, and the
strains of the beautiful composition tilled
the theater. Softly following could be
heard the warm tones of the piano, in
perfect harmony with the stringed in
strument, touched by a masterly hand
until the edifice was suffused with mel
ody. At the conclusion of the playing, the
ladies almost split their gloves, so earn
est was their applause while the men did
their share in showing appreciation for
the unlocked for treat.
Both musicians were repeatedly re
called, and Gerardy responded with an
other composition.
When Gerardy was released by the
kindly but selfish gathering he hurried to
Ysaye and poured i.orth nis thanks for
the compliment paid him. Ysaye's only
explanation for the act was that a whim
struck him and he followed its bent.
During the past few months Gerardy
has been wont to play the aria without
accompaniment, and when Ysaye unex
pectedly took his position at the piano it
disconcerted him for a moment, but ap
preciating the high honor being paid him,
he played as he never did before. All the
fire and magnetism that he possesses was
poured into the priceless instrument, and
when he had concluded a bright flush of
pleasure covered his countenance.
Lttcliaume, the clever young artist who ;
accompanies Ysaye and Gerardy in al! !
their selections, gazed In wonderment at j
the former and listened with enwrapped
interest to the violinist's interpretation of ;
the composition.
It is said that Ysaye's appearance at
the piano in public last evening was his
first and might have been his last but for j
the fact that admirers want to see him j
repeat it. To-night he will accompany
Gerardy again. Ysaye may have another
surprise in store for his listeners. Some
one whispered that he was imbued with
patriotic ardor, and he may indulge It in
patriotic selections as a fitting finale to a ,
successful engagement.
What School Girls Can Do.
The fourth number of the Students'
Journal, Issued by the Girls' High School,
Is just out, and reflects great credit upon
that educational institution. The neat
shape in which it is got out alone tempts
the casual observer to pick it up and in
vestigate, and a brief glance over any of
the many bright and interesting articles
commands immediate attention. It is safe
to say that few who pick it up will lay
it down without carefully reading all tnat
is contained within the gilded covers.
There are sober articles for the witty,
witty articles for the sober and jokes ror
those who are not inclined to bo 'acetioub.
The editorial columns alone are ProoT
positive that the schoolgirl ha^ more in
her head than ribbons and la c. and m
every line is a refutation of Kipling s
"Vampire."
Target Association.
The California Inanimate Target Asso
ciation held a meeting last night at the
Occidental Hotel to make final arrange
ments for the sixth annual tournament
to be held at Ingleside to-day and to
morrow, May 29 and 30. The programme
has been arranged on a scale of unusual
liberality, there being seven events each
day. Last night Secretary Ed Gunzen
dorfer was kept busy enrolling the com
petitors and arranging them in squads of
yix each. Up to 10 o'clock there wore
twelve entries, making In all seventy-two
participants in the Inanimate target
shoot, and it was expected that the num
ber would be considerably increased be
fore the meeting adjourned. It was an
nounced that the shooting would be com
menced at S a. m. sharp, and all those
who have entered are requested to be on
time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«mJ><s><j><jkj>-^h$ > <$.<j>^»<s»<sk|.<««ms>^«.<s><sh3>^*<
If You Pay;dM
a Druggist 'cpX-
e
*;.To fill a prescription and ho
pays a commission of 50c te
the doctor who wrote it y ou hay
lost just 50c. Because we pay
no commission and
If You Kf|/>
Pay Us *J\J\j
We will put up the same pre-
scription equally well and save
you that other 50c. We make
the same profit the other drug-
gist does.
We ■ compound prescriptions
carefully; carry none but the
freshest, purest and costliest
drugs, and we do It for half
what the commission druggist
charges. Valuable information
given to users of morphine.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO
949-951 MARKET STREET,
B«t. Fifth and Sixth. .
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMS.,
6^3l*^-79 Suppose
|—^j| it's
111 1 jjgjglji Chiffonier
.fglf^gll Needed
Next
You want one that presents a good
appearance and is every bit as good as it
looks. Ours are just that kind; we want
you to see them, and will offer one like
cut as a special next we;k .$9.50
Oak— Bevel-Plate . Mirror.
J. NOON AN
Complete House Furnisher*
1017-1023 MISSION ST.,
Above Sixth. ' "
Phone., South 14. ■ • Open ' evening!.THE CALL Sunday Edition
GOLD MINING IN SAN FRANCISCO
_ H cp P , Nr , VALLEY WATER MAIN THAT THE TWO SECRET MINERS DAMAGED WHILE BLASTING. THE DAMAGES WERE PLACED AT $8000. THEY PAID THIS fIND
CONTINUED THEIR MINING.
FOR over seventeen years a gold mine has been worked right in
the city of San Francisco. How much gold has been taken out
none but the two miners themselves can say; one of them is
supposed to be on his deathbed ?ni the other one disappeared on the
day that his partner had to be tak;n to the hospital, and the secret
their mine became generally known to the community.
Nelson Shoots, the discoverer of the lead, found the mine ovsr
seventeen years ago while trying to locate the fountain of the gold
dust found along the beach. He was a practical miner at the time
and well versed in all secrets of getting all the gold possible out of
refractory ores.
That he succeeded in doing this in his Ingieside mine there is no
question. For not only aid he make a good living during the seven
teen years, but he paid $8000 damages once for injuring the Spring
Valley water main while blasting; he and his partner lost lar°*e
sums of money at the racetracks and they were known as "spenders"
among the resorts in the western side of the city. All the while they
passed as hermits, with barely enough to live on. Some of the neigh
bors believe this was merely a blind to throw curious people off the
track of the mine.
FANCY any one working a gold
mine in San Francisco for over
fifteen years and no one but the
miners knowing anything about
It. Yet that is what has been
done by two men near Insleside.
The mine is on the Sutro property.
What success the miners had, how
much they made, nobody knows but
themselves and one of the men is sup
posed to be on his deathbed, and the
other has disappeared since his partner
fell ill and the fact of the mine became
generally known.
Mooneyville-by-the-Sea and half a
dozen other mining excitements anil
treasure-hunting booms have struck
the ocean beach slope of the city, but
through them all and unknown to all
their promoters these two experienced
miners have been delving sedulously
away on their secret mine. There Is
no question that they found gold,
a man does not stick to a task for over
seventeen years without something to
repay him. And these two miners
paid their living expenses all this while.
Once while blasting they injured a
Spring Valley water main and were as
sessed $8000 damages by the court,
which they promptly paid. Again, it is
well known among their intimate ac
quaintances that they made many big
losings at the race track, and they
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
were known as "spenders" at several
of the resorts in that locality.
Yet all the while to nearby and In
quisitive neighbors these two miners
appeared to be simply hermits. They
assumed the garb of poverty, snarled
like wild beasts at any curious tres
passers and drove off interlopers with
clubs. They would not permit any
one to put a foot on the place under
any circumstances. In the near neigh
borhood they seemed to want the peo
ple to think that they were poor her
mits. When away from home they
seemed indifferent.
This strange life of the two hermit
miners in San Francisco was suddenly
and sharply changed several days ago.
Nelson H. Shoots, the elder man and
the original finder of the mine, was
taken seriously ill. His partner, James
Demott, tried in vain to patch up his
health with the scant medicine supply
in the cupboard. Shoots grew worse
and Demott was obliged to summon
outside assistance to save his sinking
partner, so he sent a message to the
City and County Hospital. Shoots was
taken there at once in the ambulance
and then it was discovered that he was
dangerously ill with heart trouble.
Immediately afterward his partner,
Demott, disappeared, whether tempor
arily or for good is not known at this
writing. With him is the mystery of
the mine that has been worked for over
Beventeen years in San Francisco, for
Shoots tells all sorts of stories about it.
Sometimes he says he worked there
the seventeen years for nothing; at
other times he declares there is plenty
of gold there, and laughs knowingly
and adds, "but you've got to know
whore to find it."
To add to the mystery It Is well
known that Nelson Shoots was a pio
neer miner of this State, and a man of
great experience in secret methods of
handling ores.
That mining operations were exten
sively carried on by Shoots and De
mott there can be no doubt. Their
work shows for itPflf. At least 300
feet of Bbafta have been sunk, one of
them being about 125 feet deep. The
tunnels and drifts will easily aggre
gate over 1400 feet. A good deal of the
work is timbered, but most of it is sim
ply the rock walls. The timber that
is in is battered and worn as if it had
done duty in one shaft and then been
taken out and made to do duty in an
other. No ore has been hauled from
the dumps for milling, at least there
is no sign of such traffic. In what
shape the gold was obtained only the
two miners know.
At the first glance at Shoots on his cot
In the hospital I thought the old man
was dead, so pale and worn did "*« look
as he lay back helplessly. He
has a strong face, but rather indicative
FOR OVER SEVENTEEN YEJIRS
J\ PIONEER .MINER JiflS BEEN
SECRETLY WORKING IJ\ PJIY
INS LEJID IN TUNNELS UN
DER THE INSLESIDE END OF
T.HE CITY.
of firmness than Intelligence. A rather
high forehead, a Roman nose, a droop
ing mouth with a thin gray mustache
partly concealing it, and a head of
white hair made up his physio-rnomy.
One hand lay on top of the cover,
partly closed, as if clutching at some
thing. The other was concealed be
neath the quilt. The face was weather
beaten and freckled, and the visible
hand was scratched and bruised.
"He's not asleep," said the nurse. "If
you want to speak to him go right
ahead."
Hearing these words old man Shoots
opened his eyes and looked about
blankly. Then he motioned for me to
come near.
"Have you anything good in your
pocket?" he almost gasped, as I bent
over him.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Oh, you know well enough," he
snapped, as he turned over on his pil
low and refused to further enlighten
me as to what he meant by something
"good." His action and temper were
much more vigorous than I had ex
pected after seeing his pallid face on
the pillow.
For a long while he remained stub
bornly silent.
"I am going out to the mine to see
your partner," I said, after a number
of efforts.
"Tell him I want to see him," said
Shoots instantly. "Tell him to come to
day." •
"You fellows have a pretty good
mine out there," I ventured.
"Yes," replied the old man. "She's
pretty good."
"You've taken lots of gold out of It,
I suppose."
"Yes, quite a lot. And there's lots
more there. But you have to know how
to find it," the old man replied.
By degrees at last I mana o ed to get
a continuous story out of him. But in
doing so he made several statements
that he afterward modified or denied.
On things pertaining to the mine he
made contradictory statements, appa
rently not willing to have the real facts
known. In the course of his story he
said that he had not made a cent out
of his mine; then he would say that
there was plenty of gold there. .He said
he just worked it so as to have some
thing to do end have a home of his
own.
"It's a nice place to live out there in
the grove, where you can hear the wind
singing through the trees," he said,
wearily, and he looked as if he wished
himself out there again.
Briefly, Shoots' story was to the ef
fect that he was born in Kentucky 71
yean ago. At one time in the course
of his narrative he thought he had
been born in England, but finally con
cluded that it was Kentucky.
At any rate, after having been mar
ried twice he came from his native
State to California during the gold ex
citement and made one or two fortunes,
which he lost.
One day about twenty years ago he
was out hunting along the Cliff House
beach, where he struck a patch of black
sand. He thought it looked as if it
might contain gold, and he had some of
It assayed. The returns showed that
he had stumbled on a pocket of the
precious metal. That solitary pocket
yielded him a fortune. He then began
prospecting along the ocean beach, but
with poor success.
It then struck him that the gold must
come from the hills beyond, and he be
gan prospecting back until he struck
his mine.
Then he built a house and made him
self a home, where he lived until the
other day, when his sickness compelled
his removal to the County Hop- ital.
"But I wish you'd go out and tell my
partner to come and see me. Tell him
to bring me something," the old man
called after.
Out in the vicinity of the mining
camp I found the neighbors greatly
divided in their o-pinion as to whether
any gold was ever taken out of the
mine on the hilltop.
"Yeu bet they made money," said
one. "Haven't I seen 'em spend it."
"They never made a bean," said an
other.
"They're a couple of beggars," said a
third, while a fourth wanted to organ
ize an expedition to go- and dig for
buried treasure, it being his opinion
that they had a "sack hidden some
where."
From all that could be learned it is
only about three years since it became
known that there was a mine on the
hilltop. It was thought that Shoots
and his partner were simply a couple
of cranks who chose that method of
living. And when it became known
that the men were working a gold mine
many of the neighbors thought It a
good Joke and were Inclined to do a lit
tle chaffing.
Of course those who held to the Idea
that both Shoots and his partner had
made money out of the mine by digging
gold and selling it had different opin
ions as to how the precious metal was
obtained. No one entertained for even
a moment the idea that the gold was
extracted by any of the well known
and tried processes. All were of the
opinion that it was a secret held by the
two men.
The belief entertained by most of
Shoots' old neighbors and friends was
that some sort of chemical process was
made use of. These held to the theory
that the two men, being old miners,
had discovered how to select small
pieces of rock that contained a high
percentage of gold. They then "work
ed" these by their secret method and
either extracted the gold entirely or
else reduced it to such small bulk that
it could be taken to a refinery without
attracting the attention that a wagon
load of ore would.
This is. not without the bounds of
possibility. In fact, it is highly proba
ble and fully in accord with the state
ment of old man Shoots: "There is
lots of gold there, but you have to
know how to find.it."
Did he know how to find it, and will
anybody else ever k^>w how to find it,
are questions the neighbors are eagerly
asking.
One of the oldest residents of the vi
cinity, who has known of Shoots ever
since he came to live out near Ingle
side, is fully convinced that the two
men took comfortable sums of gold out
of their mine. "But," said this man,
"they didn't get the gold in the usual
way. It's my opinion that they found
the gold in a certain kind of rock and
in small nuggets. In this way they
could take out quite good sized pilea
and nobody ever be the wiser.
"My reason for believing this," con
tinued the man after a pause, "is be
cause I have known of similar cases.
I used to mine n^yself, a good many
years ago. This was when I was dig
ging along the Sacramento. A young
fellow came into our camp and went to
work in an old shaft and tool: out con
siderable metal. Nobody could ever
tell how he did it. Dozens of us went
into his mine and looked around, and
even prospected there a little when he
was away, but couldn't find any gold.
Nobody ever could but him and he al
ways found plenty."
Shoots and his partner were not a
bit interested in the affairs ol the world.
They had a wholesome fear "that in
some way they would lose their mine,
and a few days aero this was taken ad
vantage of by a car conductor. Seeing
Demott in the re.-ad, he called to him
and said that the United States was at
war with Spain. Demott was horror
stricken and asked for particulars.
••Why," said the conductor, "the
Spanish fleet is Just off the Farallonea
and is going to bombard this part of
the country. They will blow up your
mine sure."
Instantly Demott's face paled and he
ran off through the woods like a fright
ened deer to tell his partner. In con
nection with this it is interesting to
note that Shoots was taken to the
County Hospital a few days later. On©
of the first questions he asked after
being put In bed was whether the Uni
ted States was at war with Spain. He
said he had heard so, but could hardly
believe it.
After learning the exact location of
the mine I climbed the hill, expecting
to interview Demott. I found the cabin
where the men lived, a cozy enough
little place. It was deserted. A couple
of dogs, tied up, barked at me at first
and then whined piteously. Several
chickens came running from the trees
and a brood of young ones chirped
loudly, as if they were hungry.
I walked about in hopes of finding
Demott. I looked down the old mining
shafts and saw the tunnels disappear
ing in the darkness. I examined the
"ore" on the dump. But nowhere could
I find a trace of anybody having been
there for several days.
Going back to the cabin, I examined
the lock of the door and found a spider
had spun his web over it.
Near the Ingleside track I questioned
the neighbors as to when they had last
seen Demott. No one had seen him
since the day that Shoots was taken to
the County Hospital. He had come
back that evening, but had not been
seen since. Inquiry at two of his old
haunts brought no more information.
But the mine, with its machinery,
timbers, etc., is all there.
Can any one find gold there in good
paying quantities as Shoots has dona
for the past seventeen years? Shoots
says there la plenty there, but that
"you've got to know how to find it."18
PENSIONS IN THE PRESENT WAR
THE number of pensioners of the
wax of 1898 will probably be less
in proportion to the number en-
I in the conflict than the
pensioner* of the Civil War. My
opinion is based on a knowledge of the
precautions being taken by the sur
geon general of the army to provide
against fraud in pension claims.
The surgeon general of the army tells
me that not only are the recruits being
examined carefully before being ac
cepted for service but that they will be
examined with the same care before
they are mustered out. In this way the
War Department will make a record
of the condition of each man when his
service is over and will be able to spot
a fraudulent claim for disability.
This system has been used already
with great success in the .case of en
listed men in the regular army. Each
regiment has a surgeon and two as
sistants. Then there are trained hos
pital steward;'. There should be a very
perfect record of all the cases of men
who suffer from disease or wounds in
the army.
Our agent finds there are many
fraudulent cases of disability growing
out of the Civil Wkr. Then the sur
geon general of the army tells me that
they can cure any case of hernia, for
example, by a simple, operation But,
he says, a great many men refuse to
take the treatment because they would
rather draw a pension than be cured.
This refers to enlisted men wn i
now in the service who are pensioned
under the gen iral law.
A special law will not be needed to
pension the men who suffer from
wounds or In th« present war;
The pension of an enlisted man in
jured in a fight with the Spaniards in
Cuba or Manila is from $6 to 5100 a
month for disability contracted in the
Bervice of hie • ■ untry.
A«soldier wh mes back from Cuba
or* Manila with both hands shot off will
draw $100 a month.
A soldier who loses his eyesight en
tirely will be entitled to $100 a month-.
A soldi •!' who loses both legs will get
$72 a month.
If he loses one arm or one leg he will
get $2 I or $45, according to the
where his leg or arm was cut off.
The pensions of naval men are in
creased by the prize money obt :
during the war. That constitutes a
fund, the interest on which gives naval
men an addition to their pensions; but
this sum cannot exceed 50 per cent of
the pension allow cd.
In the case of the men who first lost
their lives— the men on the Winslow—
the Government will probably act as
follows:
The young ensign who died for his
WHAT THE AMERICAN CARTOONISTS THINK OF THE WAR
country was not married, I believe. If
he had a mother dependent on him her
pension would be $16 a month. If no
dependent mother, but a depeadent
father, he would get a pension of $16.
Following in their order, in default of a
father, the pension would go to a de
pendent brother or a dependent sister
or to orphan brothers or sisters not yet
16 years of age.
The pensions increase in amount with
the rank of the officer.
If the officer left a widow she would
be entitled to $16 a month, and if any
children they would get $2 a month un
til the youngest of them was 16. If the
widow should marry or die her pension
would go to the children until the
youngest was 16. This is the pension
rate for the family of a lieutenant.
The widow of an enlisted man would
draw $12 and her minor children $2
each
We have some curious claims coming
to us in connection with the law grant
ing pensions to minor children. I have
an illustration in my desk of the injus
tice which may be done the Govern
ment by a tc-o liberal construction of
the pension laws. Here is the record of
a claim made on behalf of the children
of a soldier of the Civil War. This man
was in the Missouri Home Guards. He
served two months. In the same year<
he died. Thirty years afterward his (
widow filed a claim for herself and
children. <
The youngest of those children was*
born before the war began and was<
therefore more than thirty years old<
when the claim was filed. That child
is nearly forty years old now. The'
mother died before her claim was ad-<
justed. The claims of the children for<
back pensions aggregate $4500. The law<
as it has been construed in some cases (
would give them that amount. But I'
don't believe that was the intent of<
the law. . <
Basing an estimate on the numberj
of pensioners made by the Civil War,,
how great an additional pension list 1
can we expect in the natural course of'
events from the war of IS9S? <
That question depends upon a goodj
many conditions, of course. In the last,
war there were 2,772,000 men enlisted,
according to the official reports. Col- 1
onel Ainsworth estimates that there 1
were 2.10'). 000 men actually in service, i
To-day there are 990,958 pensioners, of (
whom about 745,000 are veterans. There (
are. you see, more than a third of the
who took part in the Civil War 1
■ m the pension roll. i
If 250,000 troops take part in the ope- (
rations in Cuba and the Philippines, in (
the ordinary course, of events it is to be
expected that 85.000 will be on the pen- 1
sion roll thirty-five years hence. Buti
of < ourse the number of veterans of the.
Civil War now drawing pensions does
not measure the list. A great many
i veterans have died. (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
The average pension drawn by the
veterans of the Civil War is $133 a year.
The average pensioH under the general
i law which applies to soldiers of the war
of 1898 is $165 a year. If one-half of the
men who go into the army now are
eventuaHy put on the -pension list, put
ting the number at 250,000, th-e aggre
gate of pensions should not be more
than $20,625,000 at any time.
The pension list of the Civil War will
take $148,000,000 this year.
As I said, an estimate must be taken
.with many allowances, because so
much depjmds on conditions. If Con
gress should follow my recommenda
tion and limit the pensions to widows
to those who were the pensioners' wives
when the pensions were allowed, there
: would be a big saving. We pensioned
: five or six widows of the War of 1812
last year. At that rate we shall be
granting pensions to widows of the
war of 1897 in 1984.
This administration is not granting
fewer pensions than the last. In the
ten months just past we granted 45.000
new pensions. In the twelve months
ending June 30 last, which included
four months of my term, the number
granted was 40.000. But the number of
pensions should see U natural decrease
WAY THE VOLUNTEERS WILL BE EXAMINED
When Mustered In jand Mustered Out of the Army.
3 BY SURGEON-GENERAL STERNBERG, U. S. A. \
1 ~n "T O arrangements have been made
' \ I for the examination of the men
1 \| when they are mustered out, but
► it is the intention that they shall
> be examined so there shall be no
>doubt about their physical condition
Hvhen they leave the army. At present
»we are fully occupied passing on the
ireeruits.
) There is no ground ior the complaint
kthat our examination has been too
kStricl and has shut out some good men.
kThere are plenty of good sound men in
.the country and there is no reason why
we should not have them. Here are the
conditions necessary in a recruit:
* A tolerably just proportion between
'the different parts of the trunk and
'members; a well-shaped head, thick
'hair, a countenance expressive of
>health, with a lively eye; skin not too
> white; lips red; teeth white and in good
voice Btrong; skin firm; ;
chest well formed; belly lank; limbs ]
'muscular; feet arched and of moderate i
>length; hand large. The gait should i
now and the amount appropriated for
pensions should be less and not greater,
as it will be this year.
I had an amusing experience with a
pension fraud not long ago. The son
in-law of a Pennsylvania Congressman
came to me to complain that his house
hold was being disorganized by the
visits of one of my special agents to his
colored cook. The agent was inquiring
into the case of Mary Butler.
Now his cook, he said, knew nothing
about Mary Butler, but my agent had
got her so worked up that she was not
fit for anything about the house. He
described the agent to me and I said
I knew the young man was all right
and suggested that he have his cook
tell all she knew about Mary Butler.
He went away insisting that she didn't
know anything.
' A few days later the woman con
•■ fessed. It was the case of a soldier
i who died nearly thirty years ago. He
had no wife but' an enterprising pen
; sion attorney fitted a widow to him and
she began to draw a pension. After a
time the woman died, but the agent
found another to take her place. Then
the second woman died and the ag-ent
found a third. The third woman was
imy friend's cook. It was not surpris
be sprightly and springy, speech
prompt and clear and manner cheerful.
All lank, slight, puny men, with con
tracted figures, whose development is,
nr- it were, arrested, should be set aside.
The reverse of the characteristics of a
good constitution will indicate infirm
health or a weakly habit of body;
loose flabby, white skin; long cylin
drical neck; long, flat feet; very fair
complexion; fine hair; wan, sallow
countenance, etc.
Before his examination the recruit
must be "washed with sc-ap and wat
er." He must be examined nude, and
the following points must be noted:
That he has the free use of his limbs;
that his chest is ample; that his hear
ing, vision and speech are perfect; that
he has no tumors or ulcerated or ex
tensively cicatrixed legs; no rupture or
chronic cutaneous affection; that he
has not received any contusion or
wound of the head that may impair his
faculties; that he is not a drunkard;
is not subject to convulsions, and has
no infectious or other disorder that may
unlit him for military service. Inquiry
is also made concerning the parentage
ing that the visits of the agent upset
her.
The pension laws are all right. It
is the construction of the pension
laws that has made so much trouble. I
believe that if the pension laws had
been construed correctly from the be
| ginning the Government would be pay-
I ing out about half the amount it mnv
I spends for pensions and the pensioners
would be better satisfied. The soldier
is never allowed to settle down to the
calm enjoyment of his pension.
No sooner does his case go through
the Pension Office than he gets a no
tice from an agent — mind, from an
agent at Washington, the capital of the
country — saying that the agent has ex
amined his case and believes that he is
entitled to more. The pensioner puts in
an application for an increase and
grows impatient because he does not
hear from it. In this way the pension
ers are kept in a continual state of un
rest.
BISMARCK'S STRANGE DUEL.
A duel in which Bismarck was once
■ engaged had a very amusing origin. It
I occurred when he was chief secretary
j of the Prussian Legation at Frankfurt.
of the recruit, as to hereditary diseases
in his family, etc. C
The medical examination on muster-C
ing cut will be final as to a soldier who(
may subsequently ask a pension on ac-
count of disability incurred in the ser
vice. If a soldier contracts the grip^
in Cuba and has a recurrent attackC
■when the war is over, it will be re-(
garded as a new cape of grip, that is,
all. *
There was no examination of the men
mustered out at the end of the CivilC
War. The result of this neglect wasg
that millions have been spent by the-
Government investigating the cases of* 1
men who have claimed that their deaf-C
ness or blindness o-r lameness or chronicfi
disease was due to exposure while theyg
were in the servi.e. No doubt most "f
these claims were made in good faith,
and the men who were, unable to trace'
their physical troubles back to the warC
have felt aggrieved. £
' The precautions which the surs»'nn-£
general's office is planning to tak<* will
provide against this injustice, and at*
the same time protect the Government
from willful or unconscious fraud.
He went much into society, and one
Christmas attended a big ball. During
the height of the festivities Bismarck's
attention was directed to an exceeding
ly pompous individual who strutted
about the room. This was a M. de
Clancy, a noted French duelist. Later
on this important individual took part
in a dance, but, having omitted to leave
his hat at the proper place, had per
THE SPANISH SOLDIER
AS A FIGHTER
By R. SCALLAN, Late Lieut. of Royal Artilery
THE Spanish soldier, as described
by those who have seen him in
his den, is a small, lissom, al- j
most puny being, and presents a
picture the reverse of inspiriting. \
As he slouches along on trie march, un- ■
kempt, unshorn and tatterdemalion, -the ,
sight of him in the ranks would break j
the heart of an English or German j
martinet— than \vh9m there is no great
er stickler for form and appearance on j
the face of this earth, or at least the
writer has never seen a greater.
But to come back to our Spaniard
huge hempen sandals encase his often j
soekless feet, his trousers are frayed
and threadbare, his ill-fitting tunic
hangs limp and loose for want of but
tons here and there and his cap, if he
boasts one, is flung carelessly on the
back of his head. Huge woolen gloves
of a bright green hue, and sadly in need
if darning, endeavor to conceal the
scanty length of the tunic sleeves, but
two or three inches of a brown sinewy
arm insist on peeping forth at the least
exertion. His rifle is carried anyhow —
sometimes at the trail, sometimes at
the slope, and often slung behind his
back, but always in a different position
to that of his neighbor in the ranks.
The order is invariably a straggle and
the formation is more easily gxiessed at
than identified by one accustomed to
the sharp, quick movements and
straight serried ranks of more discip
lined troops. '.
Yet withal the Spanish soldier is a
good fighter when brought to bay, as
many a bloody field has attested. In
guerrilla warfare his fame is pre-emin
ent, and amidst the greatest privations,
he bears his hard lot cheerfully and
uncomplainingly. Notwithstanding his '
force to hold it out almost at arm's
length while he danced. The specta
cle tickled Bismarck immensely, and,
as the Frenchman came sailing majes
tically along, Bismarck . stepped for
ward and dropped a coin into the hat.
A duel was one of the next day's
events. Though it was with pistols,
Bismarck escaped unhurt, while his
adversary was wounded.
shuffling gait he seems never to tire or*
the march, and in brief is In many re
spects a worthy and dangerous foe.
On the field of Igualada, one of the
fiercest fights of the late Carlist war,
a loyal regiment that had no choice be
tween annihilation and surrender un
hesitatingly chose the former and al
lowed itself to be mercilessly butch
ered, though not without rendering a
good account of the enemy, whose vic
tory was purchased at an enormous
sacrifice.
In the matter of food the Peninsular
soldier is easily satisfied and no great
charge on the commissariat. Two
meals a day suffice him, and those are
scanty enough. In some "smart" corps
coffee and soup are allowed early in the
morning, but the average soldier feeds
only at 9 a. m. and again at 5 p. m.
One and a half pounds of bread, and
black at that, is the entire ration al
lowed per day by the Government. Any
additional luxuries (save the mark:)
must be purchased out of his own
pocket at the regimental canteen,
which is kept by a civilian, though the
prices are kept within reasonable
bounds by a regimental committee.
The private eats little or no meat, es
pecially when on active service, and to
this is" attributed the wonderful recu
perative power of Spanish soldiers,
their wounds healing extremely easily
and rapidly. On the march our Don is
satisfied with a chunk of dry black
bread, a little oil and a clove or two of
garlic, the whole washed down by a
modest allowance of water.
Truly a fighting ration that the
American soldier would find it hard to
stomach! No wonder the typical Span
lard is lean and evil smelling and un
wholesome lookine!
If two tuning forks of the samp pitch
are placed faring; each other the one
sounduip, the other silent, in a few sec
onds the silent one will be giving out a
distinctly audible note.WITH THE ROUGH RIDERS IN CAMP AT TAMPA, FLORIDA
THE great city of tents at Tampa
has been growing so rapidly dur
ing the past two weeks that it
is now Impossible to see It all in
a day, if one hopes to devote any
time In the various camps. The
Bleepy little town, which for a cen
tury has sweltered in the sun and sand,
kas experienced such an awakening as
its staid inhabitants never dreamed
possible and has done more business in
the last two months than ever before
in its history.
On all sides of it, and down the long
neck of sand which stretches to the
Gulf, and ends at Port Tampa, the
white tents of the cavalry, Infantry and
artillery dot the landscape, or glimmer
like clouds, amid the dark green fol
iage of the pine trees. The population
of this tented city is more than fifteen
thousand. There are scenes of inter
est in every camp, arid in every "com
pany street" things are seen that
are very much out of the or
dinary to the civilian. The lit
tle homes of the soldiers, each with
Its well ordered row of personal prop
erty placed before it and witiiin its
•walls; the camp kitchens, the picket
HERE IS THE STORY OF THE FIRST REGIMENT THAT
EVER SAILED FROM THE UNITED STATES
TO A FOREIGN LAND.
It Came to California, Then Under Mexican Rule, Around Cape Horn in 1846. The Soldiers Were Six Months on Sailing Vessels,
and They Settled Here After the War
THE Stevenson regiment of vol
unteera that sailed from New
York in 1846, bound for Han
iTrancisco, was the first army
ever sent by the United States
to .subjugate and occupy a foreign ter
ritory, it had never occurred before
in the history of the world that a de
tafiiTiient/of soldiers had been sent so
far to reach th<- country of the enemy.
Then the American Government
reached westerly across the continent
to seize a. province that had been a
Spanish possession.
In 1898, fr.,m the same port that was
entered by the invading troops in 1846,
the second American army sails, as
the first did, to the wc-st to occupy re
mote territory. The span of the two
expeditions will reach half around the
globe in a direct line, but when dis
tance is considered there must be add
ed the circuitous route around Cape
Horn that was traversed by the army
of 1846— a trip of over 1T., 000 miles, oc
cupying six months by the sailing yes-
Bels that were employed as transports.
With fleet and comfortable steam
ships to traverse less tempestuous seas,
•his trip to the Philippines will be an
excursion of pleasure compared with
THREE POSITIONS OF 0 MORSE GOING DOWN.
(From a Photograph Specially Taken for The Call at Tampa, Fla.)
lines for horses, the quartermaster's
quarters, the more elaborate canvas
homes of the officers and regimental
commsfeders — all these have interest for
the sightseer.
nut to the west of the town, however,
where the new cavalry camps have
been established, and even farther In
the Bame direction, toward the encamp
ment of the Cuban volunteers, he who
goes out early in the morning before
the heat of the sun puts an end to
daily drills, will see some things that
will strike him as unique and abso
lutely original. In a beautiful grove
<>f [lines, whose boughs are fancifully
festooned with Spanish moss, screened
from the sight of casual passersby, arc
a body of hardy, rough riders, all of
whom are American or European born,
but who have enlisted to fight for Cuba
Libre.
Their leader is a man with a history.
He has led expeditions into Central Af
rica, has fought against savage tribes
there for years: has explored remote
and hitherto unknown regions in the
most inaccessible portion of the Dark
Continent: has hunted tigers In Tndia
for the fun of the thing, and has done
all sorts of unusual things, simply foi
adventure. He is rich and has equipped
the Journey of the argonautic soldiers
of IX4C.
When the war broke out between the
United States and Mexico, California
w;is an outlying province of the latter
country- Its resources were undevel
oped. The" little that was known of the
fertility of Its soil was within the
knowledge of the padres who con
ducted the missions. If they had
suspicion of its mineral wealth
the secret was carefully guard
ed. Its export commerce was
CoYiflned to hides and tallow that
collected at a frw seaport towns
and bartered to trading vessels owned
by merchants in Boston.
In the cvint of war there was an un
dprstandir.p between Mexico and Eng
land that the province would be seized
by the latter country, and a British
warship, under the command of Ad
miral Seymour, was stationed at Maz
atlan prepared to make the seizure at
the first intimation of hostilities.
But the 'iovernment at Washington
prepared for a checkmate, and the
capture of Monterey by Commodore
Sloat was the beginning of the end of
the American conquest of California.
The country was then held by our na
val forces, supporter in the\ interior by
the few volunteers under Fremont and
later on reinforced by the regular
troops that were .iarched overland by
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, STJKDAY, MAT 29, 1893.
this force of men in order that he may
do a little Cuban campaigning and see
some excitement. His name is William
Ast<>r ( 'hanler.
Mr. Chanler's chief officer Is Grover
Flint, who. through an experience of
several years' campaigning in Cuba
with General Gomez, Is ably fitted to
direct such an expedition as Mr. Chan
!>r has organized.
I visited their camp a few days ago
with my camera and found the trip
well worth the trouble. The detach
ment of men under Mr. Chanler's com
mand are all of herculean build, and
every man is an athlete. Not only
that, but every one of them has seen
service in pome army or another, ir»
various parts of the world, and not ona
of them knows what physical fear
means. The Impedimenta is re
duced to a minimum and Is the exact
counterpart of that used by the Cu
bans on the island.
A hammock of strong canvas, slung
between two trees, forms the bed. Over
this, supported by a lariat, a yard
above the hammock, is spread a
"poncho" or storm blanket of stout
canvas, waterproofed. This forms their
only tent. The ponchos are a pro
tection against both rain and sun, and
way of New Mexico under the com
mand of General Kearny.
It was early in the spring of 1840 that
President Polk directed the organiza
tion of a volunteer regiment in the
State of New York for duty in Cali
fornia — a body to be selected with
great cart* and with the design that
tin- volunteers should be discharged in
this country ut 'ie close of the war
and form the nucleus of its American
colonization.
The regulations provided that all re
cruits should be surgically examined,
and BO strict were the examining sur
geons that out of 800 men who were at
first presented 150 were rejected, but
within two days over 500 applications
were- made for the vacancies. When
completed very few members of the
regiment were over 21 years of age,
and no married men excepting those
whose wives accompanied the regiment
as laundresses were accepted. The au
thority to raise the regiment and its
command was given to Colonel Jona
than D. Stevenson.
Tin' transport fleet consisted of the
ships Thomas H. Perkins. Loo Choo,
Susan Drew, Brutus, Isabella and
Sweden. The regiment contained, offi
cers and ali, P44 men. The fleet was
convoyed by the sloop of war Preble.
Continued on Pace Twenty.
the hammocks, suspended above the
ground, keep them from malarial In
fluences of the wet soil. Another lariat
stretched between two trees near by
and about two feet from the ground
supports all the carbines and rifles of
the command. Another poncho, spread
very close to the ground and kept wei,
covers the cases of provisions and keeps
them fresh and sweet for an indefinite
time.
The same tree upon which the owner
fixes his belongings also serves as a
tether-pin for his horse, which, at
tached to the end of a long lariat,
browses off the leaves of the ground
palmetto or the sweet bunch grass that
prevails here.
Over at one corner of the grove, and
invariably on that side farthest from
the direction of the coast, is the camp
kitchen. Its smoke always blows away
from the camp— a .little trick the Cuban <
campaigners are*expert at perfecting —
and there, gathered about the fire, when
I visited 1 the camp, were half a dozen
bronzed, brawny men preparing food
for the evening meal.
Mr. Chanler and his officers were en
tertaining some ladies who had come
to see the camp, and for their delecta
tion and my own amusement agreed
to assemble his troop and show us
some rough riding. No- bugle Is used In
this command. A sharp command ut
tered in not much more than a natural
tone was instantly taJien up by a
trooper seated against a tree half a
dozen yards away. He passed It along,
and in less than a minute men had
sprung from hammocks, horses were
untied, saddles thrown on and cinched,
and the lithe, active men were mounted
nnd formed.
At the command of "Forward" the
horses leaped out at a gallop and fairly
charged to a point within half a score
of yards from Mr. : Chanler's position,
when the line halted a.s suddenly as if
it had encountered a stone wall. With
a grace that can come only from long
practice, the commander vaulted into
the saddle and with a quiet command,
which was instantly obeyed, the column
swung off at a gallop, forming twos as
they went.
Another command, and with a wheel
as sudden as it was unexpected, the.
line chai'ged fairly at the ladies, who
were seated among the trees at head
quarters. The broad, heavy blades of
the machetes flashed , from their
sheaths and circled the air with a thrill
ing swish that was really dramatic.
The ladies screamed, and were about
to take to flight when the plunging
steeds reined up with a jerk at their
very feet, the rough riders saluted with
their machetes, and gracefully bowing
turned like a flash and were off like the
wind. v?. ; ; '
Through the trees they went, forming
into two squadrons as they rode. One
bore off toward the south and the other
toward the north. They were too far
away to hear the command, but turned
suddenly and dashed at each other,
riding like centaurs. The machetes
leaped out as the lines closed in. and
when they came together there was a
clash of steel that was positively fierce.
It was real, too, for the men wore no
masks or other protection, and one of
them had the end of his nose split as
neatly as a surgeon could have done it.
The wounded member was plastered
up by skilled hands, and the incident
was dropped with Mr. Flint's remark:
•'He should have j remembered his I in
structions about guarding and he
wouldn't have been touched. He won't
be again."
Wheeling, circling, yelling and riding
with a positive' abandon that can be
seen nowhere else, the men showed
how practically impossible it would be
for a foot soldier to defend himself
from a machete charge. No one who
has never seen it can form any idea <'t
its impetuous . dash and irresistible i
fierceness.
The fatal machete blow is delivered
downward, at an angle of about 45 de
grees, and usually lands on the side
and back of the victim's neck. He may
be a superb fencer with rapier or saber,
but he knows no guard that will avail
against this blow.
"It is a remarkable fact," said Mr.
Flint, who has seen many a Spaniard
after the machete has done its work,
"that almost every one struck at all is
struck on } the side and back of the ,
neck. The blow almost severs the head
from the body." .' .
I had little regard for the machete
as a soldier's [ weapon until I saw | it
used by these \ men. Army officers who
have seen it have, to a considerable
number, armed, themselves: privately
with the murderous cornknife of the
Cubans. Strange t6 say, the machete
is not made in Cuba or Spain, but in
Hartford, • Conn. Aside ; from these
weapons, this force is armed with-six
shooters and either 45 caliber carbines,
Winchester 1 30-40 1 rifles t or i the - Mauser
rifle. They are all crack shots and ex- : -]
Derts -with" the pistol. i
GETTING LICKED INTO SHAPE.
The Sixth United States Cavalry is
encamped in a pine woods about a mile
from Chanler's camp. This regiment
includes among its troopers those mar
velous Cossack riders who electrified
New York audiences some months ago
at Madison Square Garden at the mili
tary tournament. A Troop, in com
mand of Captain H. P. Kingsbury,
ably seconded by Lieutenant W. C.
Short, is famous throughout the army
for the daring of its riders. F Troop of
the Third Cavalry, encamped in an ad
joining grove. Captain G. A. Dodd, is
another equally noted troop of cossack
riders; so the rivalry between them is
marked to a degree.
• Lieutenant Short kindly ordered out *
several of his men' to show what could
be ;\; \ done ; in : the way of 'cossack rid
ing In rough ground, where underbrush 1
and palmetto sprouts made it more dif
flriiilt t>ian in o »onharkfid a.ri>na, ■ .
OPENING SUPPLIES WITH fl MACHETE IN THE
CAMP OF THE ROUGH RIDERS.
{From * Photograph Specially Taken for The Call at Tampa, FH.)
UNSOLDIERLIKE CONDUCT IN PICKET LINE.
Such little trifles as picking up blt»
of paper from the ground from a run
ning horse, leaping high obstacles.
mounting and dismounting at a charge.
vaulting entirely over a running horse,
or vaulting from the ground, alighting
on the horse's back and facing to the
rear, wheeling on fore feet.' wheeling on
hind feet, etc., were rapidly executed
by these men, and they appeared to eiw
joy it.
The drill, when completed by a troops
or, gives him entire and absolute com
mand of his mount. The horses are
trained to do everything and the entire
troop will move sidewise at a trot — an
almost improbable thing to imagine,
yet it is true. The entire troop will
charge over fences, ditches or hurdles,
with the men standing upriedH in the
saddles. Every horse will lie down in
stantly at word of command and thus
a force of cavalry in the woods can be
concealed until an enemy approaches
within a few yards.
One of the most difficult feats, one
well worth illustrating, was performed
by one of the men riding at a gallop
over very rough ground. He handled
two horses, both spirited steeds, and
rode bolt upright, standing fairly in
the saddles, one foot on each animal.
Another pretty effect, which shows
the perfect control of the riders over
their mounts, is shown in the picture
presenting the three stages of the horse
roiug down. The intelligent animals
will all go to their knees and remain
there, with the cavalrymen mounted,
until told to lie down.
Another pretty picture was afforded
by a trooper holding the head of his
pet, which reclined comfortably on the
ground while the photograph was
made. Some of the men in A Troop
will vault entirely over three horses
running abreast, from the ground.
Every man in the troop is an athlete,
and every one an expert with saber,
revolver and carbine. Captain Kings
bury certainly has a troop to be proud
of. W. J. ROUSE.
1920
THE AMERICAN SAILOR AS & FIGHTER.
| S~\ APTAIN PHILO NORTON Mc
• GIFFIN made a great name for
/ I himseif in the famous naval bat-
V_>/tle of the Yalu between the Chi
nese and Japanese. He fought on
the Chen Yuen, the flagship of the Chi
nese squadron, and his courage, re
source and steadfastness in that ter
rific conflict of ironclads are matters of
history.
The shock of the engagement com
pletely shattered his health, and he re
turned *n this country. For a time he
tried different physicians and hospi
tals, and at last completely worn out
and despondent, he shot himself with
a pistol in an Eastern hospital.
MiGiffin was about 34 years of age "i
the time of the battle of Yalu. He was
a graduate of Annapolis, but the bill of
1882 reducing the navy "squeezed" him
out. General Grant gave him a very
warm letter of recommendation to Vice
roy Li Hung Chang, and young Mc-
Giffin went to the Orient to seek his
fortune.
My Dear Stahle: I must apologize
for leaving your welcome letter so long
unanswered. I have been ten years
now without leave, save a few months
in Japan and a few weeks in America,
when I was in England to bring out
the cruiser Chen Yuen; so I was very
much run down. However, I could not
■well go, as I am director (superintend
ent a la C. R. P. Rodgers) of the new
naval college, and I did not wish to
leave until my first class was gradu
ated. That was in June, and I had six
months' leave on full pay given me,
•when up came this bad Jap biz. The
Viceroy didn't ask me to stop, but I
thought it mean to go in such a crisis,
co I volunteered to stay and leave the
college for the time to my senior in
structor and go afloat, which was glad-
Jy accepted.
The Chinese don't go in for doctors
much — more's the pity. Both in the
army and navy we need 'em badly -
only one — foreign— to our fleet here of
fifteen and more big ships, besides the
gunboats, torpedo boats, transports,
etc., and that is not enourh. of course.
We won't have much quarter given
or taken in this racket. The wounds
made by steel shells in these quick
firing guns, 4.7 inch., etc, are horrible.
In a sea fight lately they had all cas
ualties killed (34; no wounded); but
coming from Asan-we had 27 poor fel
lows twenty-four hours without a doc
tor. Strange, only one diefl since. All
the rest will recover.
The Chinese put feathers into wounds
to stop the blood, and It was a comical
Bight to see a lot of disconsolate fowls
•walking about the decks perfectly
plucked, picking at clots of brain and
meat, etc., that lay about plentifully.
I trust that if I am hit badly that
'twill be instantly fatal. You know I
always was such a coward about pain.
One who hasn't the feeling cannot un
derstand one who has it, though. Any-
THE BARNACLE-ONE OF THE MOST INSIDIOUS FOES OUR NAVY HAS TO MEET IN TROPIC SEAS
Viceroy Li Hung Chang obtained him (
a position in one of the Chinese naval )
academies as an instructor. McGiffin ;
gradually worked his way up in the j
academy and when the Franco-Ton- ,
quin difficulty broke out he was sent )
into Tonquin waters with a Chinese \
gunboat. McGiffin was the only officer |
on the Chinese side who succeeded in |
capturing a French gunboat and this i
feat gave him great prestige at court, j
When the Chino-Japanese war began
he Avas appointed to a prominent posi
tion in the Chinese naval list.
The accompanying letter was written
at this period to Dr. F. H. Stnhlo of >
this city, a friend and classmate at An
napolis. It furnishes a graphic de
scription of the war at that time and
the horrors of a naval battle. The bat
tle of the Yalu, in which Me Giffin took
such a prominent part, was the second
engagement in history where fleets of
Ironclads have engaged. Historians
and naval experts have assiduously
studied it in order to learn how the new
theories regarding big guns, projectiles
and armor plate have worked out.
how, I am of a very highstrung, ner
vous temperament, and it has been my
fate out here to have several very
painful illnesses, and I can't stand
pain well— so let's change the subject.
I had just had a dispatch sent by the
Viceroy Li Hung Chang to the Em
peror, asking for another decoration,
etc., for me (the third that'll be): first,
the Order of the Double Dragon
Medal, etc.; second, third Mandarin
rank, bluo button and rank of lieuten
ant-colonel in my hat — and then this —
but things are so much upsidedown now
that I can't expect it to be noticed.
I have been commissioned staff-com
mander and hold that rank (command
er) on this ship, one of the biggest —
7500 tons, 320 men, four 30.5 c. m.
Krupps in turrets barbette, and twenty
six Krupps (15 c. m.), bow and stern,
with torpedoes, etc.; eight 6-pdr.
Hitchkiss, six 3-pdr. five-barrel
Hotchkiss. and four 3-pdr. Maxim, Nor
denfeldt, S. F. (automatic), besides ten
or twenty 1-pdr. Hotchkiss and thirty
seven m. m. 1-pdr. Hitchkiss in tops,
etc., and some Gatlings; 14-inch steel
armor, torpedoes, etc., a good ship and
a good crew.
I have a Chinese rear-admiral and a
captain on board. Of course I joined
just for this war and they rank me.
Both speak English and have been ed
ucated abroad at Greenwich Naval Col
lege and spent a few years in the royal
navy.
Don't be fooled about the Chinese by
the poor d d coolies you see in San
Francisco. You seldom see a northern
or Shantung man. They are a good
lot and will go through hell itself with
me.
Don't believe all you hear about the
Japs here, etc. They had their "Yn
shino" nicely put into pie by one of
our worst ships and she is ready for
sea In three days now.
I have lost some very near friends
among the officers killed already.
To give one idea of the horrors of
war — the first lieutenant of one ship
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1893.
Roar of Seattle on the Big Ironclads
was stooping over a voice tube in the
conning tower, when a shell (4.7 inch
Q° F.) came in and blew his head to
pieces-the tower was a , reeking place
and scattered his remains all over the
His captain was standing about five
feet off-just outside the open door on
the other side, on the brldge-and [Mb
whole form was smeared with stuff
five hours, disabling and driving away
his enemy, the Yoshino.
She surrendered, but he could not
take possession-no boats steering gear
jammed and bow guns disabled, only
sixteen stern guns to fight with. And
then having to bring his ship bacK
home-twenty-four hours, no chow gal
leys, all destroyed, etc., and this still
on. and in his face and body.
We let the Japs know nothing of our
damages or anything. We go out to
night for another fight with a strong
squadron of eight at least, excluding
the torpedo-boats.
I have a nice cabin-the one in the
superstructure aft under the 15 c. m.
stern-ehaser-a snug little snloon about
*>5 feet by 15 feet, and a cabin to sleep
In— but I don't; it's 9S degrees there
The Japs have been spying on this
place We are strongly fortified with
heavy Krupp and Armstrong guns,
many of 'em on disappearing carriages.
Besides, the entrances are heavily
mined so that a fish can hardly pass
without being hoisted— also heavy
booms across, and defended by dozens
of quick-firing guns, torpedo-boats, etc.,
cruising in and outside all the time.
We've caught five spies— all they sent,
I think. Four were caught before they
saw anything— they can't see now
The fifth had a plan, of a sort, cf the
guns, etc. His hands and feet were
cut off— then his head!
I hear the Japs have "something lin
gering, with burning oil" in for me
when they catch me. First catch your
hare, etc. Note my address, please.
Be careful of address if you write via
Japan— the Japs are on the Q. V. The
Chinese may be bad— but the Japs..
Oh. Lord!!
• • • ■
TO McGlffin's bravery was due the
fact that the Chinese saved at
least one of their ironclads from
the terribly destructive fire of the
Japanese rapid-firing and heavy guns.
McGiffln, in command of the Chen
Yuen, was in the hr.-ttest part of the
contest. The ship was struck repeat
edly by shells. She caught fire no less
than eight times, but every time the
Europeans on board of her managed to
put the fire out.
Here is the way McGiffin tells of his
thrilling experiences:
In helping to put out one of these
fires I was wounded. The fire was for
ward of the forecastle, and there was
1 such a fierce fire sweeping the deck be
| tween it and the fore-barbette that the
officer whom I ordered to go and put
lit out declared that it was impossible
to get there alive, so I had to go my
; self.
I called for volunteers and got sev
eral splendid fellows— some of our best
! men, unhappily, for nearly all were
; killed, but we got the fire under.
The fire was on the port side, and as
'the starboard fore-barbette gun was
[firing across it I sent orders that it was
only to fire on the starboard side, but
as bad luck would have it the man
who received the order— the Number
One of the gun— had his head shot off
just after I had gone forward and his
successor did not know of it.
As I stooped to pick up the hose a
shell, or a fragment, passed between
my wrists, grazing each. Shortly after
ward I heard a loud explosion, and saw
a brilliant, light behind me, and was
knocked down.
I lay unconscious for a while — how
long, I do not know. I believe it was
the flame from the gun which I had or
dered to- fire only on the starboard side,
but it may have been a shell exploding,
though if so I ought to have been
blown to pieces. Any how, I was pretty
badly burned.
When I came to, I sat up, leaning on
my elbow, and found myself looking
almost down the tube of the great gun.
pointing straight at me. I saw the end
move a little to one side, then to the
other, up a little, then down, and I
waited for years— a fraction of a sec
ond, no doubt— for the gun to fire, for I
knew that the gunner had taken aim.
Then it suddenly occurred to me to
make an effort. I rolled over on my
side and by great good fortune, down
a hatchway, some eight feet or so, on to
a heap of rubbish, which broke my
fall. As I fell I heard the roar of the
big gun. ___________^___
THE EXECUTIONER OF SPAIN.
Rev. Dr. R. Heber Newton, in a re
cent sermon in All-Souls' Protestant
Episcopal Church, in New York, de
clared that this country has l.een ap
pointed the executioner of Spain. A
part of his sermon was as follows:
"Spain's Nemesis is overtaking her.
The long story of Spain's rapacity and
extortion, of her oppression and cruelty,
of her treachery and perfidy, is reach
ing its culmination. The cup of woe is
at last filled to overflowing, and is even
now being pressed to her lips. And the
hand which is ordained to hold that cup
to her lips is the hand of America.
Jts "Described 6y Captain TTJcSiffin and Richard Jfardiny "Davis.
THE NEW YORK, ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S FLAGSHIP, FIRING ITS FIRST GUN,
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN BY A KEY WEST PHOTOGRAPHER.
Exciting Life on the Flagship New York
in Cuban Waters.
WHILE it lasted, life on board
the ilagrship New York during
the blockade was full of the
most novel and picturesque
Incidents, and the change to
the heat and dust and inac
tion of this base of military operations
is painful in comparison. There is all
the difference between the deck of a
warship cleared for action and a hotel
piazza filled with ladies in summer
frocks and officers in straw hats, en
gaged in reading newspapers one day
old.
On the warship there were also all
the comforts of civilization, all the lux
uries of a yachting cruise, but there
was none of its ennui and boredom. For
if something was not happening, there
was always the expectation that it was
about to happen. Every column of
smoke on the horizon suggested a pos
sible Spanish gunboat, or certainly a
blockade runner, and many times each
day and night the bells in the engine
room would sound "full steam ahead"
and every glass on the ship would be
turned to the flying stranger. Some
times the .New York let her escape,
only to run into the jaws of the war
ship on the next station, but almost in
variably the flagship raced after her
throwing shells across her bows, until
she backed her engines and showed
her colors and a boarding officer went
over her Bide.
The discipline of the New York was
rigid, intelligent and unremitting, and
each of the five hundred men on this
floating monastery moved in his little
groove with the perfect mechanism of
one of the 8-inch guns. A modern war
ship is the perfection of organization.
It is the embodiment of the axiom that
"a stitch in time saves nine."
It is the eternal vigilance which ob
tains that keeps her what she is, the
hourly fight agaii.st rust and dust that
makes her always look as though she
had just been made complete that
morning. All the old homely sayings
seem to be the mottoes of her execu
tive. There is "a place for everything
and everything in its place," whether
it is a projectile weighing half a ton
or signal flag No. 22. or a roll of lint for
the surgeon, or the bluejacket in charge
of the searchlight.
A ship of war is like a moving vil
lage. It has to house and feed and give
employment to its inhabitants, and to
place them at certain points at a mo
ment's notice, to face unknown condi
tions and to face them coolly find in
telligently. You can imagine the con
fusion in a villaee of five hundred
people should they be dragged out of
bed at midnigrht by an alarm of fire.
But in the floating villaere <>f the war
ship New York discipline and training
have taught the inhabitants to move
to certain places and to perform cer
tain work when they get there within
the space of two minutes. It is so on
every other war ship in the navy of the
United States. And it does not consist
entirely in manning a gun and pulling
a lanyard. That is the showy work,
the work that tells in the dispatches,
and which U illustrated in the weekiy
papers.
We had several calls to "general
quarters" at night. They were prob
ably the most picturesque moments of
the ten days spent on the flagship. To
the landsman one bugle call was like
another; "general quarters" meant no
more to me than the fact that the mail
was going ashore in ten minutes; it
was three sleeping Japanese stewards
who told me we were going into action.
Whenever I woke to find them in the
wardroom I knew some one was going
to fire off a four-inch gun.
They opened a hatch just beyond my
berth and pulled on a creaking ammu
nition hoist. They did this drowsily
and stiffly, with the clutches of sleep
still on their limb.; and heavy on their
eyelids. Then officers would run hy
buttoning tuni~s over white and pink
pajamas, and buckling on swords and
field glasses. Even below decks you
could hear tl.e great rush of water at
the bows and the thumping of the en
gines, that told the ship was at racing
speed, and when you had stumbled on
deck the wind sweeping past awoke
you to the fact that in two minutes
five hundred men had fallen out of
hammocks and into cutlasses and re
volvers, and that the ship was tearing
through the dark water in pursuit of
a bunch ot ,ights.
And then, shining suddenly from the
flying bridge and rising and reaching
out across *he waves, would shoot the
finger of the searchlierht. It showed
the empty waters, and the tossing
white caps in a p.ith of light. "To the
left!" a voice would cr.ll from the
height of the - rward bridge, and, as
thoi h it were a p rt of the voice the
light shifter. "No, higher!" the voice
would call aerain. and the obedient light
would rise, turning the glare of day
upon a half-mile more of troubled
water and exposing on its horizon a
white, frightened steamer, scudding at
full speed for her life. Sometimes she
backed, sometimes she changed her
course, but the light never loosened its
clasp. It gripped her like a thief held
in the circle of a pol :man's lantern.
It was like a cat playing with a
mouse, or a hound holding a fox by its
scent. In the silence of the great war
ship, where the darkness was so great
that the men crowded shoulder to
shoulder could not see each other's
faces, the blockade runner, exposed and
pointed out, and held up to our deris
ion, seemed the only living thing on the
surface of the waters. She was as con
spicuous as a picture thrown by a
stereopticon on a screen.
And then one of the forward guns
AN insidious ally to Spain is the bar
nacle. The United States warships
now busy in Cuban waters, which
are particularly favorable to the
growth of shellfish, are sure to
have their bottoms fouled by rank sea
growth, and probably the first use to
which they •will put the fine drydock at
Havana will be to clean them .off.
The barnacle loves a ship's bottom. It
attaches itself by means of a peduncle
ending In the barnacle proper, which
consists of five shelly valves inside a
general protective shell. It makes no ef
fort to improve on its first selection of a
home, because immediately it has made
its selection and becomes firmly at
tached, nature robs it of its eyesight.
Swinging backward and forward it ab
sorbs its food caught in several tenta
cles looking like fine feathers protruding
from the head. It spends the days
pleasantly in foreign travel till the dry
dock is reached, when it is unceremo
niously scraped off and sent to the ma
nure heap.
A tramp freighter engaged m the
Southern trade had eleven tons of bar
nacles removed from her sides at one
time exclusive of grass and other
growths. She had been in the v:ater
about one year.
Grass will only grow on the sides of
the ship, not beneath. Shellfish grow
all over. The waters a ship is saijine in
would speak, flashing in the night like
a rocket and lighting up the line of the
deck and the faces of the men, and it
would speak again and again. And
the flying steamer, helpless in the long
reaching clutch of the searchlight, and
hearing the shells whistle across her
br.-ws, would give up the race and come
to a standstill, sullen and silent.
The quarter of an hour during which
the firing lasted at Matanzas was of
interest in giving some knowledge of
how a warship in action acts upon her
self. With land forces the effect of
their fire upon the enemy is the only
thought; on the sea, in one of these
new inventions of warfare, the effect
of the batteries on the ship herself is
an added consideration.
To the civilian the effect was not so
tremendous as he had expected. He
had been told to stick cotton in his
ears, to stand on his toes and kee"p his
mouth open, a somewhat difficult and
ridiculous attitude in which to meet
death. As it happened the call to quar
ters came so unexpectedly that there
was no time to find any cotton, and, as
it turned out, there was no necessity to
stand on one's toes.
I received a cablegram while I was
on the New York, asking me to relate
how her crew behaved in the action at
Matanzas. I did not answer it.Jpecause
I thought there were a few thmgs the
American people were willing to take
for granted, and because the bombard
ment at Matanzas was no test of the
crew's courage but of its marksman
ship. There is a story, however, that
illustrates the spirit of the men on the
New York, and which answers, I think,
any queries any one may make as to
how they might behave in action.
Taylor, a young gunner's mate, was
shot on April 26 by a revolver. It was
an accident, but it is possible he was
more seriously hurt than were any of
the six wounded men who went
through the seven hours' battle at
Manila, for the ball passed through
his arm and into his right side, and
came out nearly a foot away under his
left armpit. Assistant Surgeon Spear
said that if he had tr'ed t" dod«"» the
vital parts in Taylor's body with a
surgical instrument he could not have
done it as skillfully as did the bullet,
which was neither aimed nor guided
by a human hand.
It was this junior surgeon Spear who
performed the operation, while the fleet
surgeon, Dr. Gravatt, watched him and
advised. It was a wonderful operation.
It lasted nearly two hours, and it left
the layman uncertain as to whether he
should admire the human body more
or the way a surgeon masters it. What
they did to Taylor I cannot tell in tech
nical language; but I know that they
cut him open and lifted out his stomach
and put it back again and sewed him
up twice. He could not get wholly un
der the influence of the ether, and he
makes a difference. In the Bermuda trade
ships quickly gather a great deal of
grass and other marine plants, four and
five inches long, causing loss of two to
three knots per hour.
The use of various anti-fouHng compo
sitions to avoid these growths has had
uncertain success. Coasters that have
occasion to enter fresh-water lakes or
rivers foul very slowly. The fresh water
seems to kill off the shellfish and marine
growths. In the absence of drydocks to
dock our ships In the $outh it might be
a good idea to send them for a day or
two into the mouth of a near-by river.
To call a man a barnacle on board
ship is anything but complimentary.
Away back in 1597 the barnacle was sup
posed to be the embryo of a bird, and
there is a bird, the barnacle or bernicle
goose. _______ _— — — .
STEVENSON'S
REGIMENT.
Continued from Page Nineteen.
On the 26th of September, 1846, a por
tion of the regiment sailed from New-
York in the ships Perkins, Drew and
Loo Choo, followed a few months later
by the balance in the Brutus, Isabella
and Sweden.
raved and muttered and struggled, so
that at times two men had to hold him
down. Just before the surgeon began,
to operate the boy gave the chaplain
his mother's address, and reached out
his hand and said, "So long, chaplain."
He was a typical New York boy. He
came from Brooklyn, but nevertheless
he looked and talked and thought aa
you would expect and hope that an ap
prentice from the St. Mary's training
ship would look and talk and think.
His skin was as tough as a shoe which
had remained lons in the salt water,
but it was beautifully white and spot
less, like a girl's, and the contrast it
made with the skin that the sun and
wind had tanned was as sharp as the
stripes on the flag.
When the second part of him was
sown up Taylor was carried to a cot
and lay there so still that I thought he
was dead. They had to inject strych
nine into his veins to keep his heart
beating. But a minute later he opened
his eyes and turned them to the operat
ing table, where, he rememberd in a
half-drunken way, they had placed him
two hours before. His eyes were dazed
with the ether, his lips were blue and
his face was a ghastly gray. He looked
up at the four figures leaning over
him. their bare arms covered with his
blood, and back at the operating table
that dripped with it. What had hap
pened, who had attacked him, and why,
he could not comprehend.
He did not know that parts of him
which had lain covered for many years
had been taken out and held up naked,
palpitating and bleeding to the ruth
less light of the sun, to the gaze of
curious messmates crowded at the end
of the sick bay, that these parts of him
self had been picked over and handled
as a man runs his fingers over the keys
of a piano, and had then been pushed
and wedged back into place and cover
ed over as one would sew a patch on an
old sail, to lie hidden again for many
years more, let us hope.
He only knew that some outrageous
thing had been done to him — that he
had been in a nightmare; in hell— and
to Taylor, still drunk with ether, these
men whose wonderful surgery had
saved his life were only the bloody as
sassins who had attempted it and
failed.
He was pitiably weak from loss of
much blood, from the shock of the
heavy bullet that had dug its way
through his body, from the waves of
nausea that swept over him, but the
boy opened his eyes and regarded the
surgeons scornfully. Then he shook his
head from side to side on the pillow and
smiled up at them.
"Ah, you can't kill me," he whis
pered. "I'm a New Yorker.
That is the spirit of the men who
sunk the Spanish" fleet at Manila.
RICHARD HARDING DAVIS,
Correspondent London Times, on board
the Flagship New York.
The Loo Choo arrived at San Fran
cisco on March 26, 1847, six months to
a day from New York. The Perkins
completed her voyage on March 6 and
the Susan Drew sailed into San Fran
cisco Bay on the 19th. The following
month the Brutus put in an appear
ance, and in February, IS4B, the Isa
bella and Sweden arrived at Monterey.
The average voyage of these vessels
was 165 days, and with the exception
of the Brutus the ships touched at
South American ports, thereby reliev
ing the mono-tony of the long and tedi
ous voyage.
Colonel Stevenson, the commander of
the regiment, was born on the first day
of this century, and died at San Fran
cisco February 14, 1894. The lieuten
ant-colonel was Henry S. Burton, who
was afterward a major-general of vol
unteers in the Civil War. James A.
Hardie was the major. He served as
brigadier-general in the Union army
during the rebellion. Among the staff
officers were William G. Marcy, the son
of the Secretary of War, J. C. Boi.ny
castle, who became an officer in the
regular army, and Joseph L. Folsom,
who was a prominent business man
and Federal officer in San Francisco
until his death in 1855.
WINFIELD J. D^v-tslHERE IS THE FAMOUS "WAR BOARD" THAT PLANS THE OPERATIONS OF OUR NAVY
In tte present crisis this War Board or Strategy Board is often in session all night at its headquarters at the Capitol, Washington, D. C. The member sitting at the left of the picture is Captain Crowninshield; next to him stands Rear Admiral Sicardi &
on his right sits Captain Mahan; at the end of the table is Captain Barker, and Secretary Long sits in the foreground.
Tfieu Sit in Counsef in Washington, Study Maps and Reports and Send
Tfieir Orders to the Commanders of Our Battfe-sfiips by
Cabfe or Swift Ocean Ffyers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May
25.— While the President and
the great majority of the
people of this nation are fast
asleep the War Board is
often in se«sion at the Navy Depart
ment, devising ways and means to ap
prehend the Spanish fleet and put an
end to the war with Spain. Theoret
ically, the War Board never closes Its
eyes. It is on duty twenty-four hours
In the day and seven days in the week.
A visit to the Navy Department at
midnight is not accomplished without
some difficulty, as the entrances are
barricaded and only those who are
armed with official passes from Chief
Engineer George W. Baird, superin
•it of the building, are allowed to
enter after nightfall.
The handsomely finished interior of
the Navy 1 h-partment looks weird and
uncanny at midnight. The rooms,
whi< h in daylight are occupied by well
dressed, intelligent and generally effi
cient employes, are dark and deserted
at midnight- only two electric bulbs
gleam through the darkness of the long
marble tiled corridor. The footfalls of
ti.-> watchmen as they make their fre
quent rounds of the building echo and
re-echo in the stillness of the night.
Away up on the fourth iloor in the
spacious room of the naval library sits
the Naval War Board. The board con
of Rear Admiral Montgomery Si
card, Captain Alfred T. Mahan, Captain
A. S. Barker and Captain A. S. Crown
inphield. Former Assistant Secretary
velt was president of the War
Ji'iard, but since his retirement from
the naval service, to assist in the com
mand of his now famous regiment of
rough riders, Secretary Long frequently
ta with the board.
]'.y a strange coincidence three of the
members of the board are New Yorkers
by birth. Rear Admiral Sicard was
born in New York, and entered the
navy in 1851 as midshipman appointed
from that State. His, first conspicuous
E<-rvioe was rendered with a blockading
squadron in 1N64 and 1865, at the bom
bardment of Fort Fisher, Fort Jackson
and St. Philip, which resulted in the
WHAT THE U.S. SOLDIERS ALREADY MUSTERED IN CONSUME ONE DAY
PARAGRAPH 1250, Army Regula
tions, provides that "A ration is
the allowance for subsistence of one
I person for one day, and consists of
1 the meat, the bread, the vegetable,
■*~ the coffee and sugar, the seasoning,
and the soap and candle components."
THE RATIONS.
Meat Components.
Quantities.
Kind of Article. Per Ration.
' • Ozs. Gills.
Fresh beef........ .......... 20
Or fresh mutton, when
the cost does not exceed '*4r*\'£!g*
that of beef...... 0 ........ 20 -'■•;■•■
v *** »©rlt .................. ..^ >14 ■-»*'_■;
'-r— •--- - ■
capture of New Orleans. Rear Admiral
Si card is an expert in heavy ordnance,
and it was largely due to his efforts
and energy that the ordnance depot
was established at the Washington
Navy Yard. His last command was the
X' nh Atlantic Squadron, previous to
which he had had a long and varied
experience in all parts of the world.
Throughout the navies of the world
Admiral Sicard is recognized as one of
the ablest ordnance officers of the pres
ent generation.
Captain Mahan is also a New Yorker
by birth. He saw distinguished service
on the old frigate Congress in 1861. In
addition to cruising all over the world
he has rendered distinguished service
as president of the War College and the
Torpedo School. He is also an authority
on the subject of sea power and its in
lluence upon history. He has written
a book on the subject which has added
to his fame as an authority on naval
warfare.
Captain Crowninshield, the distin
guished chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, claims New York as his birthplace.
He also rendered gallant and meritori
ous service with the North Atlantic
blockading squadron at the battle of
New Orleans. He participated in the
attack on Fort Fisher. Since the war
of the rebellion he has cruised with the
East India squadron and the European
fleet, and is also an expert on ordnance.
He commanded the 1 Kearsarge and was
also the commanding officer of the ill
fated Maine until he was relieved a
short time ago by Captain Sigsbee.
Captain Barker, the fourth member
of the board, is, like Secretary Long, a
Massachusetts? man. He was a con
spicuous participant in the blockading,
bombardment ;ind capture of New Or
leans during the Civil War. He has al
so had a wide and varied experience
with all the squadrons of the American
navy. Everybody in the navy remem
bers hi? remarkable achievement at the
Newport torpedo stfuion in 1>73, when
he fired shells filled with dynamite
from 24-pound howitzers, using ordi
nary powder cartridges. That was the
first time on this continent that dyna
mite was successfully fired in shells
with ordinary powder cartridges. Cap
tain Barker is also well known in naval
history for having run a line of deep
Or salt beef 22
Or. when meat cannot be
furnished, dried fish. 14
Or pickled fish 18
Or fresh fish 18
Bread Components.
Flour 18
Or soft bread 18
Or hard bread 16
Or cornmeal 20
Baking powder, for troops
In the field, when neces
eary to bake their own
bread 16-25
Vegetable Components.
Beaas 2 2-6 .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
sea soundings around the world while
in command of the Enterprise. The
casts were made at intervals of 100
miles. Captain Barker, whose last com
mand was the battle-ship Oregon, Is
soon to retire from the War Board to
take command of the Newark, which
is being fitted out at the Norfolk Navy
Yard.
It will be seen from this brief out
line o-f the official record of the officers
composing the War Board that they
are peculiarly fitted for the grave re
sponsibilities resting upon them. All
of them have seen service and obtained
knowledge which only experience can
give in the art of conducting a naval
war. Their participation In the block
ading and bombardment of New (>r
leans, 'way back in the sixties, is right
in line with the work they., have in
hand in blockading Havana, prepara
tory to bombardment. It is apparent
that these officers were not selected for
this important duty without due con
sideration of their naval skill and per
sonal experience in the line of duty.
One of the most exciting and inter
esting night sessions of the board pc
curred a few days ago, when news came
that the Cape Verde fleet, which had
mysteriously disappeared from Cape
Vincent, was at the French island of
Martinique. The War Board was un
conscious of the presence of the Span
ish squadron on this side of the Atlan
tic The board had adjourned for the
day, and the members were in their
respective homes, probably dreaming
of meeting and conquering the Spanish
squadron. The news of the arrival of
the Spanish fleet at Martinique was
first conveyed to the President by a
Herald-Call man. It took but a few
minutes to transmit the anxiously
looked for information to Secretary
Long, and no time was lost in assem
bling a midnight session of the War
Board.
There was plenty of life and activity
in the Navy Department that night,
and bright lights gleamed from the
windows of the Secretary's office and
the rooms occupied by the Bureau of
Navigation until the sun came up from
til-- east and flooded the corridors with
natural light.
The War Board has exclusive sources
of information. It is in possession of
Or peas 2 2-5
Or rice 1 3-5
Or hominy 1 3-5
Potatoes 16
Or potatoes, 12 4-5 ozs.,
and onions. 3 1-5 ozs 16
Or potatoes, 11 1-5 ozs.,
ana canned tomatoes or
other fresh vegetables
not canned, 4 4-5 ozs 16
Coffee and Sugar Components.
Coffee, green 13-5
Or roasted coffee 1 7-25
Or tea, gre«n or black.... 8-25
Sugar 2 2-5
Or molasses 16-25
all the Information that comes through
the Bureau of Navigation, the State
Department, the War Department and
the executive mansion — in fact, every
suggestion of information bearing di
rectly or Indirectly upon the pending
conflict is promptly placed at the dis
posal of the War Board for such action
as may be deemed advisable. The prin
cipal source of information, however.
Is the Bureau of Navigation, over
which Captain Crowninshield pre
sides.
The chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion is practically the commanding offi
cer of the navy. He regulates the de
tails of officers and directs the move
ments of vessels; hence he is in a po
sition to knoAV the exact location of
every vessel, great and small, in the
United States navy. He is also Bup
posed to be familiar with the personnel
of all the ships, as all orders of details
are promulgated by him. It is the first
duty of the commander of every ship to
notify the chief of navigation T/t his ar
rival in port, at home or abroad.
In the Bureau of Navigation a record
of the arrival and departure of every
ship is kept and the changes in the
various squadrons are noted on boards
that hang on the wall and are desig
nated as "ship boards." These boards
are arranged according to squadrons,
and the name of each ship in the
squadron and its present location is
noted on little slips of cardboard, which
can be easily altered as the ships move
about from one station to another.
Just now the movements of the ships
of the American navy are not only be
ing watched by the officers of the Bu
reau of Navigation, but their maneu
vers are being observed by all the na
tions of the world. There is not the
same amount of freedom in announc
ing the movements of our ships in time
of war as there would be in time of
peace. Therefore, "an awful circle" has
been thrown around the Bureau of
Mavigation, and only a few trusted and
faithful officers of thr navy are per
mitted to enter within its sacred pre
cincts. It is there that the real news
of the present war is received and dis
seminated.
A great deal goes on in the Bureau of
Navigation of which the outside world
has no knowledge. A great deal of in
Or cane syrup 16-25
Seasoning Components.
Vinegar 8-25
Salt 16-25
Pepper, black 1-25
Soap and Candle Components.
Soap IC-25
Candles 6-25
Paragraph 1256, Army Regulations, pro
vides that:
"When troops travel otherwise than by
marching, or when for short periods they
are separated from cooking facilities' and
do not carry cooked rations, the articles
will be issued in lieu of all components of
the ordinary ration." They constitute:
AN OVERWORKED MEMBER SNATCHING FORTY WINKS DURING A MOMENT'S RESPITE.
formation regarding the movements of
ships and the intentions of the War
Board must necessarily be kept secret
to prevent the enemy from taking ad
vantage of knowledge which does not
properly belong to them.
Day and night the force In the Bu
reau of Navigation is on duty. When
the deprtment closes for the day
and the clerks and employes in
the other divisions of the de
partment retire to their respective
homes, a detachment of the employes
in the Navigation Bureau remains on
duty. I visited the Navy Department a
few nights ago during the mid
watch in the Navigation Bureau. Lieu
tenant H. H. Whlttlesey, the officer on
detail in charge of the cipher code, was
at his post of duty, where he had been
all day.
Since the war commenced Lieutenant
Whittiesey and his staff of assistants
have remained in the department every
night to- receive such information as
might be sent from the warships,
wherever they might be. Cots are pro
vided for the watchers, and between
the intervals of receiving and sending
dispatches Lieutenant Whittiesey and
THE TRAVEL RATIONS.
Per
100 Rations.
Soft bread, pounds 112 3 ,-i
Or hard bread, pounds 1M
Beef, canned, pounds 75
Baked beans, 1 pound cans, number 33
Coffee, roasted, pounds 8
Sugar, pounds 1">
In lieu of the coffee and sugar portion
ofthe ration. 21 cents per day may be al
lowed each man for the purchase of liquid
coffee.
An emergency ration has been provided
by General Order No. 49, series 1896, Head
quarters of the Army, adjutant general's
his men sometimes drift into dream
land, always leaving two or more per
sons on deck prepared to arouse them
shcu ld an emergency require.
Lieutenant Whittlesey is master of
the naval cipher code. He has all the
combinations at his ccrnniand, and he
can express in a few apparently mean
ingless combinations of words a whole
volume of information concerning the
orders to commanding officers of the
warships. His assistants during the
mid-watch are Lieutenant G. W. Lo
gan, Lieutenant William B. Hf.-ggatt
and Ensign R. J. Hartung. These four
officers are entrusted with the myster
ies of the Tiaval code, and they alone
decipher all dispatches received or sent
by the direction of the Secretary and
the War Board. The clerical work at
night is done by E. W. Callahan, F. S.
Hinricks, P. J. Willett and S. C. Hud
nell. stenographers.
Alongabout 1 or 2 o'clock in the morn
ing the eyelids of the watchers in the
cipher room grow heavy. The lights
are lowered and the tired men fling
themselves down for a few moments of
needed repose. Suddenly the clicking of
the telegraphic instruments is heard in
1. The following order has been re
ceived from the War Department:
Under the authority invited in
him by section 1146, Revised Stat
utes, the President hereby estab
lishes an emergency ration for
troops operating for short periods
under circumstances which require
them to depend upon supplies car
ried upon their persons. Its com
ponent parts are as follows: Bacon,
10 ounces; hard bread, lt> ounces;
f)ea meal, 4 ounces, or an equiva
ent in approved material for mak
ing soup; coffee, roasted and
enjund. 2 ounces, or tea. & ounce;
the telegraph office half way down the
corridor. A moment later a messenger
hurries down the dimly lighted hall
way to Lieutenant Whittlesey's room.
In an instant Lieutenant Whittlesey 19
aroused, the lights are turned up and
the sleepy assistants assume their re
spective stations and prepare to de
cipher ■ the dispatch just received.
Should the intelligence be of a startling
nature, such as that of the arrival of
the Spanish fleet at Martinique or
Dewey's victory at Manila or the
changing: of base of any of the ships,
the information is hurriedly sent to
Secretary Long, either by telephone or
special messenger on a bicycle. Tha
President is also notified, and the mem
bers of the War Board are communi
cated with immediately. If speedy ac
tion is required the board quickly as
sembles at the department and Lieu
tenant Whittlesey is directed to frama
a dispatch in accordance with the code.
It sometimes occurs that the infor
mation received is not of such a nature
as to require prompt action. In that
case it is not brought to the attention
of the Secretary or Captain Crownln
shield until the next morning.
; saccharine, : 4 % grains; salt. 64
ounces; pepper, ..t>4 ounce; tobacco,
' '■' \k ounce.. . . ■..-..
2. The Secretary of War : . directs that
this emergency, ratio.n be resorted to only
on occasions arising in active operations,
when the use of the regularly established
ration ,may be impracticable; that, al-
' though its nutritive qualiMes permit Its ,
'use on half-allowance, it will not be so
used except in cases of .overruling neces
sity, t and never for ; a longer period than,
ten days; and that not more 'than five
days emergency rations be carried on. tha '
person at one tlmo. . >\^;
2122
HOW TO MAKE A FORTUNE
C. P.
HUNTINGTON
Says
Jump right In
and work..
THIS is too brand a subject to deal
•with hastily and in a few words*.
There is no general rule which
will fit all cases, for the question
of money-making all depends l
•upon the boy who Is trying to rrmke the
money. Th< re are so many different
characters and bo many different
grades of ability among our youth that
advice which would help one would be
a disadvantage to another.
To my mind a young man who had j
no money at all upon reaching his ma- j
jority would be really better off thtrr
one who had JSOO which he had not
earned himself.
But to the young man who had
the $500 I would say put it out at
interest somewhere and go to work.
Don't wait around for a '-good job,"
or one that is easy and ensures the
wearing of good clothes, but take the
first thing that comes to hand, and j
while you are working at that with
a will, keep watch for anything bet
ter that happens along.
A good boy, with honesty of purpose,
who does his best wherever he is, who
feels enough interest in whatever work
he is doing to do it as well as if he
were working 1 for himself and doesn't
feel it necessary to keep "one eye on the
clock all the time, will lind himself r:ip
idly advanced under a Just employer,
and will have no trouble about getting
along in the world.
One thing should be remembered,
however, and that is that the "sharp"
boys are not always the good boys, and
that the character of ..the man is what
Bhould give him his status in the
world and not his capacity for making
money.
The great trouble at the present
time is that there are not enough
boys vho are willing to do hard
■work. They all want easy, well
dressed situations, or if they do not
their mothers and fathers want such
situations for them.
Hard labor is looked upon as being j
almost, if not quite, disgraceful, and
clerkships in stores and offices', even on j
starvation wages. •■■ fly sought
for, while "rough" work— anything
which hardens the hands or soils the
garments — is looked upon as In every ■
way low-ring and undesirable.
No, 1 do not believe In speculation.
In New York City, among those keen ;
speculators, only about three in every
hundred make great successes of their!
ventures, and the other ninety-seven \
are living lives of feverish uncertainty
all th" time.
When 1 was young I worked hard
and kept whatever money I made out ;
at interest, adding to it a little at a
time as i could, and 1 Boon found that
nothing makes money like money. ',
Now when young men come to me — as j
they do frequently — and a.~k my ad- i
vice as to how to shape their futures,
I tell them of. my youth, and give them
Just these three brief rules:
First— Be honest. Give your employ
er honest service, and show honesty of
purpose in all your dealings.
Second — Be industrious and perse
vering, and permit yourself no idle mo
ments. You can study and read books
when you are not busy, and everything
which you can gain in this way will be
of service to you in your future.
Third — Be frugal. Make it a rule to
deny yourself useless luxuries of every
kind and save a little from your earn
ings — if only a dime — every day. These
rules strictly .followed will help any
boy to make a man of himself and to
make money likewise.
C. P. IIUNTINGTON.
• • *
ANDREW
CARNEGIE
Counsels
Saviog 20
Per Cent of
Earnings.
MY advice to young- men who are
anxious to advance to the front
rank in the struggle in life is
that out of every five dollars
they earn they should save
and put out at interest one dollar of
it.
Money at interest is like a calf of
■which an honest old German once told
me. lie said that the purchase of that
calf was the best thin? he ever did,
for the calf grew just the same whether
her owner was asleep or awake, and
almost before he knew it she had grown
to be a full-sized cow, worth many
times what he had paid for her. Just
bo is it with money at interest.
If a young man just starting: In life
will pursue the course I have advised
and is otherwise capable, he will be
come rich.
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
* • •
WILLIAM
WALDORF
ASTOR
Waros
Ambitious
Youth to
flvoid Rum
and Tobacco.
A YOUNG man just starting in life
must be careful, If he desires to
become rich, to select that voca
tion to which he is best adapted
and in which he will be happiest.
A man seldom, if ever, puts forth his
best efforts in any vocation which is
not thoroughly congenial to him. Then,
having selected the right calling, he
must be particular to select the best
place in which to practice it. He should
be careful to keep himself in good
health, for without that no man can
win fortune, generally speaking.
Bum and tobacco he should entire
ly avoid. No man can make money
unless his brain is clear, and clear it
cannot be when clouded with the
fumes of alcohol and tobacco.
. He must keea $ut p£ &1& Xtarg la .
ADVICE OF TWELVE MILLIONAIRES TO THE YOUNG MEN OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
j nothing which co drags a man down.
j It makes him despise himself, and often
causes him to resort to mean and petty
subterfuges.
Put what money you have and all you
j can save in the future at interest,
! where it will be well secured. Real
! estate is the most safe of all Invest
i merits. Nothing in the world works
like money at interest. It never stops,
■ day or night, Sundays or holidays. It
', just keeps on working away for Its
owner in rain and sunshine alike.
Never try to work at more than
one kind of business at a time.
Persevere in whatever you are en
gaged in until you have succeeded or
until you are satisfied that you never
ran succeed in that line. To make
money dishonestly is the hardest thing
in life. Therefore preserve your integ
rity. John Randolph of Roanoke once
said: "I have found the philosopher's
stone, and it is this rule, 'Pay as you
go.' " Nothing is truer. The road to
wealth lies in paying out less than we
take in.
WILLIAM WALDORF ASTOR.
• • •
J. B. STETSON
Advises
Living Within
Your Income.
YiiT" ask me what I should advise
a young man with $500 to do in
order to make the most of it and
of himself.
In the first place, if the youth
to be advised is addicted to smok
ing, drinking and gambling, ad
vice of any kind is totally unnec
essary. Such a boy has, even in his
boyhood, settled the question of his
future for himself.
If a boy, however, has grown up
with prudent habits I should tell
him to, in the first place, make it an
invariable rule to bring his expenses
within his income at all times, no
matter how small that income may
be.
Then, whether his money is placed at
interest or used in some business en
terprise he will sooner or. later become
i rich man.
I should tell him also not to Invest
In land or city lots and wait for his
neighbor's enterprise to make it valu- j
able, but to watch carefully for some
business opening of a respectable char
acter, where his own efforts, aided by
his Invested capital, would help him
along toward financial success. Even
a. few hundred dollars put into a busi
ness for which one has a natural apti
tude and Into which one puts not only
his money but his own personal work,
may be the foundation of a well-earned
fortune.
I should likewise tell this young man
not to discard the advice of his father
and mother or of some experienced
friend, and to be always prudent and
honest since a good reputation will help
:>ne along in the world even if he have
no capital whatever and depends on the
tvork of his hands for his daily bread.
J. B. STETSON.
WM. ALVORD:
Work, with)
dll your
rrjight
on your own
resources.
IF I were a young man with $500 of
my own I would do as the young
men did forty years and more ago
when they came here to California.
I would start out for some new
country, making up my mind to
stand all manner of hardships and
work with all my might until I made
my own way in the world.
For those who are strong enough to
endure the climat> and the kind of
living that is the rule there the Klon
'■ dike region holds out excellent induce
ments in the way of money making.
j Boys, who have weak constitutions
THE CLEVEREST BABOON IN THE WORLD.
A NSW monkey has come to town — a monkoy of the
same sex as the famous Johanna and possessed of
accomplishments that Johanna never heard of.
For Jessie Is a bareback rider of an ability that
sets even the famous Meers sisters to thinking
and dumps "Mike" Rooney, one of the most dash
ing trick riders In America, in the blues at the
thought of his own deficiencies. She Is at the California
Theater with the Trans-Oceanic Specialty Company.
"She can give 'em all cards and Bpafles," .«ays Mr.
Gardner in proud appreciation of his pet. Forward and
back somersaults are performed through hoops and over
bars with an ease of which no human b'-ir.ir La capable.
She is dressed in the regulation low-cut bodice and tarle
tan skirt of the equestrienne, and careers
around and around the ring on her spir
ited pony. Jessie scorns such effete lux
uries as saddles. Neither will she en
dure the indignity of a leash, and does
her best work when her trainer, Mr. Gard
ner, is out of the ring. Then she is in
THS SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1893.
either through inheiitance or from per
sonal bad habits could not hope to suc
ceed, but temperate, sturdy, non-cigar
ette smoking boys can do well there,
as they can in all new settlements.
A young man with $500 would do far
better outside the city than he could
hope to do where there is such a con
stant crush far employment, and such
constant struggle for business suprem
acy, as there is in all thickly settled
communities.
Too many of our boys, both rich
and poor, are willing to stay around
home and let their parents support
them and look out for them as if they
were still children.
If they had the right feeling they
would strike out for themselves and
make up their minds not only to care
for themselves in manly fashion, but
to so order their lives as to be able to
care for father and mother In their
declining years.
As for opportunities— there are plenty
right here in our own State if a young
man has the capacity to take advan
tage of them. This State has not been
half-worked, and there are fortunes
yet to be taken out of the ground here
by the men who will go at the task of
unearthing them in the right way.
My advice to any young fellow
who was uncertain what to do with
I himself and his small capital would
i be to spend no time looking about
I for investments and not to venture
1 a nickel in speculation, but to use as
much of it as is necessary to take
[ him away into some place where he
' would be thrown completely on his
own resources and be obliged and
have a. fair chance to work his way
I up.
WM. ALVORD.
• *
LOUIS
SLOSS SR.
Urges
Young men
to go to
New Countries.
MY advice in this case would de
pend entirely upon the individ
ual young man.
To say what would be the
best thins fur all young men,
irrespective of natural inclina
tion, business ability and early train
ing, would be an impossibility, since
there is no one avenue of trade or spec
ulation which is .sure to lead straight
to success in money-making. Different
persons are fitted for different avoca
tions; one man will succeed in business
where another, his equal In everything
except special fitness for that certain
line of work, will make a complete fail
ure.
My general advice would be to
young men of grit and stamina to
do what I did when I was young — go
to a new country with their minds
made up to make the very best of
themselves and their opportunities.
In every new country there are
chances innumerable for those who
know enough to taxe advantage of
them.
There will be a wide field for busi
ness enterprise in the Philippines and
the West Indies;, a« there is now In
the Klondike, but the man who goes
to either place must make up his mind
firmly to endure privations and hard
ships of all kinds, to be economical in
every way, and not to allow himself to
become discouraged even if he meet
with many disappointments and dis
couragements.
With a good constitution, good hab
its, perseverance and a brave heart,
there is no reason why our young men
of the present day should not make as
large fortunes under present conditions
as their elders have in the past. There
are as good openings in the Klondike
region now as there were in California
when I came out here in 1849. Five
hundred dollars will get a man there
comfortably, and, once there, it is his
own fault if he does not make money.
Not necessarily in gold digging, though
some will make fortunes at that, but
in some branch of trade or investment
which he will discover once he is
there and has the ability to see how
things are going. A young man going
up there and working for wages would
save up quite a sum very soon, and by
keeping his ears and eyes open and his
mouth shut would find some place
where it would become the nucleus of a
fortune. LOUIS SLOSS SR.
• • •
E. B. POND
Counsels
Putting Away
a
Sroall Nest Egg.
A BOY'S environment in youth us
ually decides the question of his
future for him, though some do
break away from all the tradi-
tions of their forefathers and
carve their lives out for themselves. A
young man will be able to make more
or less of $500 In exact proportion to his
own ability. If the conditions of his
boyish life have been such as to make
him able to understand his own possi
bilities and limitations and the possi
bilities and limitations of certain lines
of procedure in the business world, he
will be able to use his money with pru
dence and foresight and will make a
fortune where one of different educa
tion will make a failure.
My advice to the average young
man would be to put his nestegg
where it will draw steady interest, no
matter if small, and go to work for
the best wages he can get.
So small a sum would be of little use
invested legitimately, and dabbling in
stocks is too exciting for young men.
Above all things, I would warn him to
keep away from the races and every
form of gambling. Where one makes
money in such things, hundreds fire
ruined for life, both financially and
morally. With $500 drawing interest,
and a salary coming in monthly, a
young man may consider himself on the
high road to fortune — that is, if he
makes it a rule to add to his capital
at least a little at every payday. It is
surprising to see how money grows
when you plant it and take care not to
disturb it.
Perhaps there are not the extraordin
arily good chances to make money now
that there were thirty or more years
ago, but a young fellow with the right
kind of a disposition will find chances
anywhere and any time.
He must make the most of whatever
education he has been able to obtain,
abjure cigarettes and liquors, build up
a reputation which will be a recom
mendation to him anywhere, and he
will come to the top without fail.
Business men watch their employes
more closely than the employes sus
pect, and the young- man who is hon
est, clean, industrious, economical ami
perseverin? will he advanced and as
sisted to make the best of hims -If.
where the idle, the careless, the dissi
pated and the untrustworthy are al
tion in their own way.
DANIEL MEYER:
Spend less
tf)an
you maKe
every day.
A YOUNG man who finds him.-elf
possessed of $500 upon attaining
his majority should make up his
mind to keep that $300 intact and
add to It, and not run the risk
Of losing It by investing it in
something- which he does not know
anything about.
It is hard for experienced men of bus
iness, who have made investments the
study of years, to place money satis
factorily — that is where it will be en
tirely safe and at the same time bring
in a really good rate of interest. A
young man would be pretty certain to
lose the entire sum did he attempt to
start out for himself with so small a
capital in the way of money as the
amount mentioned, and so small a cap
ital in the way of practical knowledge
of business affairs as the average
hor glory Indeed. She grimaces at the audience and cracks
jokes lii monkey language with the ringmaster and the
clowns, giving them every bit as good as they send. And
while she and the clown are" poking fun at each other
during the rests in her acts and another turn is being
arranged, she sits Bldewlfle on the pony, her legs crossed
In true traditional style, the most ludicrous burlesque of
the "lady rider."
Jessie is an American by adoption. Her birthplace was
on the banks of the Cpngo River, Africa, and she is the
daughter of a black-faced baboon. She came to this coun
try seven years ago at the tender age or s;x months, and
was broughVup by Frank Gardner, her trainer and owner.
Mr. Gardner reared her as one of his family, and spent
four years on her education. The grmt trouble was In
getting her to work without a cord. To-Cay Jessie can
ride any pony, and understands the Knglish language a
great deal better than many who take orders from em
ployers.
As a pet-off to tlu-se accomplishments she has two
ruling vices. Sho is Inordinately Jealoua and iacks only
the opportunity to become a confirmed drunkard.
Mr. Gardner has a daughter <if whom Jessie is very
fond. Yet the sight of the father petting his child Is
enough to set Jessie in a rage. On the other hand, should
Mr. Gardner find occasion to scold his daughter, Jessie
capers In a fit of unholy glee, jjointlng the tlnger of scorn
at the little girl and crackling and barking like one
possessed. Jessie will drink liquor as long as the supply
holds out. and never extracts a moral lesson from the
consequent headache. However, she gets few chances to
acquire a "jag," her daily tipplo being limited to a bottle
of beer, which she opens and drinks with much gusto at
the close of her act.
young man at the age of 21 has at
tained. |
The savings bank is the best place
for that first few hundred dollars,
and the owner should go to work
where, if he have the ability, he can
learn business methods and lay the
foundation for a successful future.
This war will make better times, and
there will be Employment in plenty for
those who are not needed to do the
fighting, so no industrious man need be
idle. Every one cannot hope to have
a salaried position, but there will be
plenty of room in the ranks of the me
chanics and artisans of all kinds whose
work is necessary to carry on the af
fairs of the world.
(A( A young man of rfValns will, while he
is working for wages at whatever
comes to' hand, find out by observation
what line of business he is best adapted
to and devote his energies to acquiring
sufficient knowledge and funds to go
into it.
Real wealth, hpwevef, consists In
being healthy and industrious and in
spending less than you make every
DANIEL METER.
• • *
day
C. (\. PILLSBURY
Says
I Earn Your
Salary Many
Tirrjes Over.
I THINK a first-class savings bank
as secure a depository for money
as any place. There is not much
use accumulating money if you do
not get interest on it. In reply to
your request for general advice and di
rections to aid a young man just start
ing in life to become rich, I would say
that if such a young man is in the em
ploy of others it should be his aim to
earn his salary many times over, and
not to be contented to earn it but once
and merely give satisfaction to his em
ployers. He should strive to do more.
In my first year in, business, though
neither asked nor expected to do so, I
frequently worked all night.
A young man who thus devotes
himself heart and soul to his employ
er's interest will soon find that his
devotion is appreciated, for even if
his employer should fail to reward it
some one else will surely observe it,
and the way to promotion will soon
open before him.
There are vacant places in the higher
walks of every business and profession
for the young men who follow this
course.
Some men fail because they overrate
their own ability and underestimate
that of their competitors. Such a mis
take should be carefully avoided. Let
a man with ever so great natural abil
ity, but lacking a capacity for hard
wai*C' compete with a duller man. but
one who toils early and late, and the
latter will outrun him on the road to
success every time. Wed natural abil
ity to hard work and you have a com
bination that nothing can defeat.
CHARLES A. PILLSBURY.
• * •
R. P. FLOWER
Advises
Buying Good
City Real
Estate.
WERE I in your position I
would buy some real estate
in this city, New York. You
cannot duplicate real estate.
You can duplicate an-- other
! kind of security. As the country grows
j real estate will increase in value. All
j the improved real estate in New York.
j and in almost any other large city, as a
; rule, has paid its interest and taxes
! and quadrupled in value during the
j past fifty years, while during the same
j period 90 per cent of all the merchants
and traders have failed or gone out of
business, so that their stock has been
j wiped out.
In view of these facts I think it
may be unhesitatingly asserted that
there is no better way to become rich
on small savings that by using them
in the purchase of improved real es
tate.
Nothing is likely to grow in value
more rapidly. "With your $500 you had
better buy a piece of improved real es
tate, however small, that is paying suf
ficient rent to pay the taxes and the in
terest on whatever amount of money
you would have to borrow. Pay in cash
what little money you have and give
your note, secured by a mortgage on
the property, for the balance in small
sums, falling due at short intervals,
and then use all your extra income
from the rent of your property in pay
ing them off. You never incur any risk
in discounting your own notes, and
when your friends find that you are
placing your money where it is perfect
ly secure they will be glad to assist you
if those notes should come due a little
too rapidly. Thus in a short time and
all before you know it, you will have a
considerable and perfectly safe invest
ment.
If you had a rich father who would
furnish the cash to start you in busi
ness you would probably do better in
the long run if you invested it in the
way I have pointed out rather than to
risk it in trade, meanwhile earning
your living by working for a salary.
Fof a young man starting in life,
whose ambition is to become rich, I
would say:
never do a mean thing for money.
I know of no better way for a young
man just starting in life to become rich
than to be always sober, honest, indus
trious and economical; to be true to his
employers and himself: to save all he
can without being parsimonious, and to
invest his savings judiciously in the
way I have indicated.
ROSWELL. P. FLOWER.
• * *
HENRY CLEWS
Says
Choose a
Congenial
Business.
WHEN old Mayer Rothschild of
the famous Rothschild fam
ily was asked the secret of his
great financial success he an
swered. "I buys cheap and sells dear."
Those who fallow that method al
ways succeed. Few things present bet
ter opportunities to buy cheap and sell
dear than stocks and bonds, and such
securities, when gilt-edged, not only
pay interest on the* investment, but
can also be readily turned into money
at any time if desirable.
In order to become rich the young
man just starting in life should
choose that occupation or vocation
for which he has the most decided
preference.
Many a man has his "nose to the I
grindstone," so to speak, throughout |
life simply because he has chosen, or
his relatives and friends have chosen
for him, some business or profession
for which he is not adapted, and which
he finds Is not congenial to him, while i
in a career for which nature and edu- I
cation had fitted him he might not j
only be happy and successful, but |
make his mark as a star of the first
magnitude.
The good book tells us that what
ever our hands find to do we should do
with all our might, but a young man is
When Remenyi Played
the Star Spangled Banner
THE tragic death of Edouard Remen- |
yi, which has just occurred in this
city, recalls a patriotic demonstra
tion, which took place up<sh the oc
casion of his playing in a concert in
Shanghai, China, eleven years ago,
when he was making a tour of the
Orient.
It rivaled in wildness of enthusiasm any
thing that had occurred here, even in these
troublous times; for, war or no war, it
is, i-'rhaps, only when one is separated
from one's native land by thousands of
miles of land and sea that he can realize
or appreciate the thrill, the wave of en
thusiasm that surges over one at the
sight of his i!ag, or the sound of a na
tional anthem.
The last number on the programme that
night was a medley of national aira. The
audience was composed of English,
French and a few Americans.
The "Marseillaise" came first. The
Frenchmen rose in a body, shouting and
waving their handkerchiefs, and many !
a hat was taken home that night, bruised
and battered, the result of having been
pitched high in the air.
"God Save the Queen" came next, when
as with tme accord rose up the English
portion of the audience, who screamed
and shouted until they were hoarse.
And then as the first majestic notes of .
"The Star Spangled Banner" struck the
air America was heard from. There
was but a boxful in the house, and •■:
these three were women, but the noise ,
that they made was quite ci,ual t>> that
which greeted either of the other airs.
One of the ladies pulled from her breast ;
a small American flag, which had lain
there, close to her heart, ever since leav- |
ing her own country. In her excitement,
she had leaned far over the edge of the
box and, there she remained, waving that
flag the tears streaming over her cheeks
until the last strain of the glorious o ( d
hymn had died away.
So great had been the uproar, that little
more than the llrst notes of each hymn
had been beard, but Remenyi stood there,
his body swaying to the music, frantically
sawing the air, while louder and more
furious grew the shouts of the almost j
frenzied audience.
A few days later, the little artist was
Invited to a dinner. His treasured vio
lin, the "Princess," as he lovingly called ■
it. had been sent ahead of him. ana his ;
first question, upon arriving, was "Has ,
she come?"
"Wh»?" Queried, bis host. i
not inclined to do in that way things
that he does not like. But whatever
young men do from choice they as a
rule do well. It is therefore very im
portant for a young: man just starting
in life to be sure that the calling in
which he engages is thoroughly con
genial to him, and one in which he
can put forth his best efforts with the
greatest enthusiasm and delight.
The utility of a collegiate education
for success in business is very often
debated.
As the college curriculum and
training stand at present, the ordi
nary course is not in general calcu
lated to make a good business man.
It is erroneously regarded by some
peoole as a kind of substitute for busi
ness training in the earlier years of a
young man's life. There can be no
greater mistake in the beginning of a
business career. It is in many in
stances not only a hindrance, but ab
solutely fatal to success.
HEXRY CLEWS.
■ • • •
G. W. McNEAR:
Do not Speculate.
IN THE first place a young man
should riot th.in;k of going into
business for himself while he is
still a very young man, unless he
has been brought up in the busi
ness in which he wishes to embark.
Where he has practically served an
apprenticeship and has learned the
real workings of a certain branch of
industry or trade he may hope to make
a success provided he is by nature
sharp and shrewd and able to see and
take advantage of every legitimate
opportunity that comes in his way for
the furtherance of his plans for
worldly prosperity.
If a young man has spent his youth
in gaining an education and has no
trade and no business experience he
should think matters over seriously
and try to discover what he is best fit
ted for. No. one can tell him that as
well as himself, but he must be per
fectly honest in his mental valuation
of his own capabilities. He must not
allow himself to be influenced in his
decision for his future by thoughts of
what he would like to do or be, instead
of determining to take up something
which he knows he is really best adapt-
Ed to.
He may be so constituted as to make
a far better mechanic than a trader.
He may have special qualifications for
a certain occupation which will make
him advance rapidly in that particular
field, while in another he will prove a
flat failure, no matter how hard and
conscientiously he may strive to make
his way along.
Once hav'-- settled the question of
his proper vocation the new beginner
should endeavor to get into an office or
a store or a shop or a factory where
by applying- himself steadily he can
learn the business which he intends to
enter thoroughly and practically.
Meanwhile he should take the advice of
some trustworthy and experienced per
son as to a safe investment for his $500
until such time as he is competent to
handle it for himself.
Above all things he should not at
tempt to speculate with. it. Specula
tion with small sums is almost al
ways disastrous to the speculator
financially and the , excitement and
uncertainty are disastrous to young
and inexperienced minds.
The races should be Strictly avoided,
for where one gains scores lose, and
the hope of making money in such
ways unfits youn" men for real work
in the business world.
GEORGE W. McXEAR.
"Do not toll me she is not yet here or
I shall be desole."
Just then the butler appeared, carrying
the violin. "Oh, give it to me; I could not
live without my precious Princess," cried
Remenyi, as he hugged it closely to him.
After dinner he entertained the com
pany with many interesting and unique
experiences that he had had in riiany
lands. Many curios had he collected and
many presents received from roya! hands.
That which was delighting him at that
time was. a very beautiful gold lacquered
box that had been sent him by the Jap
anese Mikado.
Exceedingly nervous, eccentric to .a
degree, the "wiry little man was never
still a minute. No one dared plead for'
music, but at last the spirit moved him,
and approaching the •'Princess" he lifted
her carefully from her silken wrappings.
It was summer, and the nights in
Shanghai at this season are excessively
hot. Every door and window in the town
was opeja. " Sounds could be plainly heard
from bouse to house, ami in the adjoiriir.i,'
building a farewell dinner was being
given by a lot of bachelors to a compan
ion \s the night grew older the sounds
that Issued from this. house grew louder
and more hilarious. '
Remenyi every little while would put
his lingers in his ears to shut out the
hideous sounds, bu-t at last, things becom
ing quiet next door, he ventured to make
n,,.re phasant sounds. ' . ■
He had but fairly started when the
occupants of the adjoining house brwfce
forth with "Hes a jolly good fellow,"
each o-ie singing in a different key and
seemingly vying with tho other as to
who could sing the loudest. Remenyi's •
Indignation knew no bounds. He strutted
up and down, he played louder . and
louder, he swore to himself,' and at last,
in iiis wrath snapped a siring, and
then gave it up. anathematizing the fel
lows next door as "barbarians."
That broken string is now in the pos
session of a young woman in this city,
who prizes it highly as a memento of the
eccentricity of a genius whose music' la
now stilled forever. • The restless, pas
sionate soul of the great musician has at
last found rest: the wail and sob of his
strings, the laughter, the turmoil and the
pain of them will never more thrill the
sympathetic listener.
There are in the House of Commons
two wooden boxes on which are n-umeroua
indentations made by the rings on Mr.
Gladstone's hand when that statesman,
baeaone more than usually, excited,."THERE SHE BLOWS!"
IN MONTEREY BAY
Scooting Whales W\t\i Bombs at California's
Fashionable Resort.
WHALING to most people la
"one of those things you
read about." They fancy
that it is an occupation in
cident to certain adventur
ers who skirt the frozen brine of the
far north and find there the cetacean
In his native habitat. They picture the
whaler roamlQg those wild wastes, en
compassed by danger, verily "in the
midst of alarms," the scene about him
white with the vast field of enduring
Ice, and that other whaler, the polar
bear, scenting a dead monster for fifty
miles and swimming to the spot to
find him half under the ice sheet be
neath which he died during the closed
season. To a survey of the reality of
euch things few people can hope to be
transported. They are content to per
use the narrative of them and to leave
the rest to their imaginations.
But it has remained for California,
among the States of the temperate
zone, to add to her many other fea
tures that of whaling upon its coast,
and those tourists now In the State
•who wish to witness the novel sight of
capturing and killing a whale need not
now repair to Alaska, but they may
look out of their windows at the Hotel
del Monte at Monterey, and there.
FORTUNATELY for the number
less candidates for forensic hon
ors, no special grift is needed for
the attainment of reasonable
success at the bar. It is true
that a certain minimum of Intelligence
Is required £yen for this, and it would,
no doubt be held actionable to-day,
as it was some centuries ago, to
charge a lawyer with being a fool,
especially with an expletive prefix that
adds intensity to the slur. The reason
given being as true to-day as it was
then, that, however unnecessary it
might be for a parson (a point which
was not directly ruled upon), it cer
tainly was necessary for an attorney
to be endowed with some intellectual
capital.
Herein the lawyer is more fortunate
than the poet. Horace, no mean judge
himself, insists that neither men nor
gods nor booksellers will tolerate medi
ocrity in poets, but he generously dis
tinguishes in the lawyer's favor.
In certain things a' medium is endur"<i
Who tries Jlessala's eloquence in vain,
N >r can a knotty point <if law explain
IV.ke l*arn - d CaseelllUH, yet may Justly claim.
It pleading or advice, uame riKht to fame;
But G'wl ainl man, ami tetterd post denies
That poeta ever are of middling size.
For Messala and Cascellius read Car
ter or Choate or Parsons, and the lines
are as true as when they were written.
Of course, the youthful and ambitious
aspirant feels quite confident that he
will be a Cascellius or a Messala., which
Is all the better; he will not strike high
if he aims low. But he will admit that
the moral applies to the other young
Xnen who are to be his contemporaries
l*f not his rivals.
It Is a common and vulgar error to
suppose that there are special rules of
action for the attainment of success
at the bar— a special drill, as It were,
that fits the student for his chosen
on the broad bay, they can contem
plate the curious performance.
The manager of the hotel is serene.
He no longer yearns for a sea serpent
or a "low rakish craft displaying
something on her mainsail which was
believed to be a skull and crossbones";
he has In the whale fisheries an at
traction which, like Katisha's elbow in
the opera of "The Mikado," people
come miles to see. For whaling has
become an industry at Monterey.
All day long there is a lookout sta
tioned upon the bluffy headland above
the beach spying out over the seaward
horizon for a "there-she-blows." He
sees many of them, too, some driving
north or south far out in the ocean;
and then all hands are called, and a
gang of eight or a dozen men below
stand anxiously watching the course
of the giant mammal. Generally he
passes on, frequently to supplement
the sealions on the Cliff House rocks
In affording entertainment to the vis
itors at that resort. But sometimes,
and to the number of four or five a
month, a spouter will navigate into
the great bight of the ocean which
forms Monterey Bay, and employ him
self while he Is swimming along In
feeding upon the small fish with
which the waters of that place teem.
A few days ago I took a hand In
killing one of the largest whales ever
taken In Monterey Bay. The whalers
HOW TO SUCCED AS A LAWYER
calling. If there be any such, they
i have escaped my observation.
Whatever the dignity of the profes
sion, it does not stand in this respect
uprrn a different plane from other pur
suits. The rules of morals, of arlth
| metic, of common-sense, of expediency
| are the same for the lawyer as for the
less fortunate and distinguished mem
bers of the human family. He cannot
add to or detract from the ten com
mandments nor from the revised stat
utes because of his exalted calling.
Diligence, sobriety, self-denial, char
acter must enter into his stock in trade
or he will be a bankrupt, provided he
has assets to justify the designation.
He must be patient and long-suffering,
he must learn to see others who are,
he Is quite sure, his inferiors, rise
rapidly to honor and preferment, while
he waits, chafing in obscure neglect.
All of us cannot have a bank presi
dent in the ascending line of our genea
logical tree; kindly uncles like those in
the English plays, are not often on
hand to pat the nephew on the back,
to call him a sad dog and give him a
huge leather pocket book filled with
Bank of England notes. In other words
only the very few have the paths
cleared for them by kindly gentlemen
who have a decent regard for the ties
of blood. Most of us must do the clear
ing away for ourselves, and if we are
what we ought to be may rejoice all
the more in the triumph that is our
own. Though the Xgnerabte relative
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
and I had for some hours been sitting
in the warm sunshine, smoking idly
and gazing out on the deep blue wat
ers. The whole crowd of eight of us
had almost fallen asleep under the se
ductive influence of the dreamy sky
and the soothing breeze from the
south that swept over the pine-clad
sandhills of Point Pinos.
Suddenly the lookout yelled: "There
she blows."
Of course the whale in question did
not "blow" at all, because It was not a
blowing kind, but different men took
up the cry, and soon it reached our
cars. And we well understood what
it meant.
The captain of the boat's crew
jumped to his feet and made a dash for
the boat, the silver dollars I had paid
for the privilege of going along merrily
jingling in his pocket. He called to
me to "jump." Of course I jumped,
scarcely realizing which end was up
in the excitement that took possession
of all hands.
Then there was a sudden clatter and
skurry oiy the beach. People seemed
to come up out of the ground and rush
for a point of vantage to see the chase.
While our boat was shoving off another
boat was doing the same and by the
time we were through the tiny line of
breakers the other boat was almost be
side us. Both crews were bending to
their oars with full strength. We cut
BY ATTORNEY FREDERICK COUDERT, of New York
who sends the early retainer and makes
the payment of rent merely a perfunc
tory and easy operation, should not be
mentioned lightly even by those who
know him only through report.
If there is one quality which more
than any other commands respect and
through the water with the greatest
ease and sent the spray flying over us
in a cloud.
When we reached a position where
we could see the whale — about a mile
from shore — the two boats separated
and pulled in opposite directions, each
describing a half circle. By this man
ner we got the whale between us and
the shore.
At a signal from the captain in my
boat both crews began to pull together
again, and we had our whale where we
wanted him. He did not like our ap
pearance, evidently, for he retreated,
but in doing so only got nearer to
shore. This was just what the captain
wanted, and we kept on until he be
came frightened, and In shifting about
to make his escape he began to dive.
But he had unwittingly beei. going in
shore all the time. On the first dive he
bumped his nose and came to the sur
face more flustered than ever. He was
cleverly cornered, and I guess he
knew it.
Now was our chance and the gun in
the bow of the boat was made ready
for firing a bomb into him.
deserves success it Is the faculty of
self-denial, a real and genuine capacity
to stifle inclination in small as well as
great things, especially In small ones.
No other ingredient enters so largely
Into success as this capacity to turn
one's back deliberately on the pleasant
This instrument looked very much
like a short barreled musket of about
an inch and a half bore, much of
a charge of powder was used to fire the
bomb, as the distance was not great.
The bomb is much like a small shell,
such as is used in the army, but loa/led
with fulminate of mercury i.istead of
powder, and having a long tube attach
ed to it.
When the captain was all ready to
fire he signaled to the rowers to cease
pulling. In an instant the boat lay
still and a hush seemed to fall over us.
Then came a report like a small can
non. Instantly the whale realized that
something was wrong. At first he
straightened out and then began to
lash the water into foam, showing
plainly that the shot had struck a vital
spot.
We pulled away from the scene, but
had hardly gone more than a hundred
foet before the time fuse on the bomb
reached the fulminate and there was
another explosion.
This fairly ripped the whale open and
filled the air with fragments of flesh
and reddened the water with blo<,-d. It
was not a pleasant sight and I felt a
sinking feeling come over me. But this
vanished a moment later when with a
shout both boats' crews pulled for our
victim, which by this time had turned
over on his back and lay quiet, with his
giant spatula of a tail falling limply
downward.
It is when this moment comes that
the whalers display the greatest ac
tivity. The great bulk or a carcass,
like a derelLt at pea. lies there floating,
but the men g t 'opes around the fliis
and tail and they tow the monster
toward the lan 1. When he gets close
into the beach he will ground in about
knee-deep water and the* the rope
ends are carried up on the land, where
they are made fast to posts. Thus
moored the work of denudation begins.
The sharp bladed spades a. brought
and long razor-edged knives seam the
black and naked skin with white
streaks as the blubber lips curl upward
things of life and to take up, gravely
and cheerfully, its disagreeable dutifs.
The upward steps are rough-hewn and
hard to the feet. The siren's lay is as
sweet to-day as when wise Ulysses
stuffed the ears of his companions so
that her music would not draw them
to the Incision.
The fat is a foot thick, and as It is
peeled off it looks not unlike fractions
of the flesh of some giant cocoanut.
As the carcass is stripped the blubber
is floated ashore by men who drag it
with hooks on the ends of long poles.
On reaching shore it is quickly cut up
and thrown into a boiling kettle, where
it is reduced to oil. This is sent to San
Francisco to be refined.
This stripping usually requires a
whole day, after which, if the site of
the catch is far distant from the town,
the remains are drawn up on the beach,
where they are left to rot, in order that
the bone of the skeleton may be se
cured. This is a valuable product,
bringing several cents per pound and
weighing sometimes several tons.
But generally the tlesh of the Mon
terey whales is not thrown to the birds
in the literal sense-. Although the meat
is coarse in texture and not over deli
cate in flavor, yet it is meat for the
Chinese fishermen who form a colony
at Monterey. When the whale haul
has been made they anxiously watch
the operations of taking off the blubber,
and when these are completed and the
body abandoned by the Caucasians, the
Mongolians fall upon it and industri
ously ply their knives in cutting away
the flesh.
The. odor of whale steak ascends from
many a Celestial frying-pan while the
carcass Is still fresh. Particular parts,
such as the brains, sweetbreads and
even the kidneys, like those of the por
poise, are esteemed as delicacies, while
cutlets of the muscles are spread out
on racks to dry for some mysterious
purpose, not unconnected, perhaps,
with shipments to China. The Japan
ese fishermen also engage a share of
the whale refuse, but they use theirs
for bait for other fish. And, lastly, the
buzzards of the bay stand a cordon
over the ultimate offal.
Most of the whales that come into
Monterey Bay are of the variety called
sulphur bottoms, a name given them
because of the yellow color of their
from honor and duty and turn them
into swine. Nature abhors and frowns
upon effort; she soothes the path of the
Binggard, the self-indulgent, the vain
ajid the foolish with her sweet melo
dies. It is easier to sleep than to watch,
to glide with the easy current than to
bellies and of their habit of swimming
deep in the sea. These are as large as
any other of the genus, but they are
of the species that is without baleen,
or whale bone, and therefore are val
ued only for their blubber. Still, there
have been instances where the sperm
whale, with their mouths full of bone
slabs that aggregate a tcm each, have
got Into the shoal waters of the bay
and have been captured. Such a whale
is a mighty prize to the captors, for the
bone is by far the most valuable part of
the whale's anatomy, being worth, ac»
cording to quantity and state of mar
ket, sometimes as much as $7000.
The bowheads and right whales do
not venture o-ut of the Arctic seas, but
the humpback and the black fish whale,
the latter the smallest of the order,
both distinguish the bay by their visits.
These whales vary from ten to thirty
tons in weight, and are worth to th-ir
taker? from four hundred to eight hun
dred dollars each. Of their entire bod
ies about two-fifths are (blubber, and a
ton of blubber yields nearly two hun
dred gallons of oil. This brings from
thirty-five to forty cents per gallon.
Whales enter the bay at all seasons,
but are most plentiful In the winter
time. It has only been within the past
two years that the taking of whales
has been regularly prosecuted as an in
dustry at Monterey.
They were very plentiful there three
years ago, and in a desultory way they
were captured from ti.iie to time, the
presence of a baleen whale being suffi
cient to excite a stampede on the part
of the whole fishing populace. L>ut un
til lately no one thought enough of the
toothed whales to bother Avith them
for their blubber. There are now, how
ever, not less than a dozen men at
Monterey who make their living by
catching these whales. As yet only
row boats are employed in the service
but soon small steam vessels will be
used, and then it will be possible to
pursue the cetacean as far as he can.
be sighted. Then it may be expected
that battles royal will occur off the
coast of the bay.
breast the waves and fight the tempest.
Success, like the kingdom of heaven
can only be taken by storm. Easy go
ing disciples of Epicurus think that the
srame is not worth the candle, and that
a result that costs so much is too ex
pensive. They may be right, but they
are not of those who desire to succeed
in an arduous profession and who be
lieve that the honor and greatness of
the reward are worth a hundred fold
more than the cost.
Perhaps this is the place to add that
in the law, as in other callings, hon
esty is the best policy. I have heard
this frequently asserted, but I am not
quite convinced that it is true.
I have known sorry knaves in every
profession or trade to achieve what
they and many others might call suc
cess, and it was success if by that word
is meant the diversion of considerable
sums from the pockets of others into
their own, without any violation of the
penal code.
But perhaps success means some
thing more and implies, of necessity,
the coerced and deserved respect of
good men. Be this as it may, that
honesty will always be frail and open
to suspicion which is fed by the belief
that it pays bettor than its opposite.
If the younger men will look at the
seniors who have achieved real success
they will not need to be told that these
men were loyal and true, whether ft
was policy or not.
end.
If he Is a real man he will succeed
without set rules, if he be not, then,
being only the image of a man, he may
deceive himself and his friends with
the belief that fortune has been a step
mother and frowned on him from his
birth.
Why disturb him and them if they
axe th.ua made happy?
F. R. COUDERT.
2324
Salome Jane`s Kiss
-1 KILLED THE MAN." SAID DART. "THINKING HE WAS HUNTING ME. fIND FORGETTING I ViflS DISGUISED. 11
(Bepun inst Sunday.)
PART 11.
NEVERTHELESS, that night, after h-er father had
gone to bed,; Salomy Jane sat by the open window
of the sitting-room in an apparent attitude of
languid contemplation, but alert and intent of
eye and ear. It was a fine moonlight night. Two
pines near the door— solitary pickets of the serried
ranks of distant forest— cast long shadows like
paths to the cottage, and sighed their spiced breath in the
shadows. For there was no frivolity of vine or flower
round Salomy Jane's bower.
The clearing was too recent, the life too practical for
vanities like these. But the moon added a vague elusive
ness to everything, softened the rigid outlines of the
sheds, gave shadows to the lidless windows, and touched.
with merciful indirectness the hideous debris of refuse
gravel and the gaunt scars of burnt veg-etatlon before
the door. Even Salomy Jane was affected by it, and
exhaled something between a sigh and a yawn with the
breath of the pir.es. Then she suddenly sat upright.
Her quick ear had caught a faint "click, click" in the
direction of the wood; her quicker instinct and rustic
training enabled her to determine that it was the ring
of a horse's shoe on flinty ground; her knowledge of the
locality told her it came from the spot where the trail
passed over an outcrop of flint scarcely a quarter of a
mile from where she sat— and within the clearing. It was
no errant "stock," for the shoe was shod with iron; it
was a mounted trespasser by night, and boded no good
to a man like Clay.
She rose, threw her shawl over her head more for
disguise than shelter, and passed out of the door. A
sudden impulse made her seize her fathers shotgun from
the corner where it stood— not that she .feared any
danger to herself, but that it was an excuse. She made
directly for the wood, keeping in the shadow of the pines
as long as she could. At the fringe she halted; whoever
was there must pass her before reaching the house.
Then there seemed to be a suspense of all nature.
Everything was- deadly still— even the moonbeams ap
peared no longer tremulous; then there was a rustle as
of some, stealthy animal among the ferns— and then a dis
mounted tnan stepped into the moonlight. It waa the
THE MAJOR`S CONVERSION
JI Decoration Day Story
MAJOR BEVERLY MORTIMER was a Tennessean
and proud of it. He took part In the battle of
Bull Run and was with Sherman -when he cap
tured Joe Johnston, and in all the intervening
years there was hardly a day In which there had
not occurred some stirring- incident which it was
•■ his delight .to recall and his pride to describe in
the later days of peace. After the war he returned to
Tennessee and resumed the practice of- the law in the
little town of Bradford. When that noble order, the
Grand Army of the Republic, was founded, he issued the
call for the first meeting of the old soldiers of the vicinity,
and upon the organization of General. Baker Post he was
chosen commander, a position he held for many years.
He prospered in. his profession,, but as time wore on
his heart appeared to become more and more adamantine
toward his late opponents and their survivors. He was an
eloquent and impassioned stump-speaker; and as he had
■waved the bloody flag- through many a harq-rought battle,
Bo now be energetically waved the "bloody shirt" through
many a valorous campaign. Tennessee being a border
State, there were many ex-Confederates in and about
Bradford, and Major Mortimer referred to tnem as "the
enemy" in the seventies and eighties just aa lie had in
the sixties, Time assuages many griefs and softens many
asperities, but time could do nothing with the major.
It was somewhere along in the latter seventies when
Colonel Horace ' Templeton located In Bradford. ." A
Southerner of the old school, the perfection of courtly
politeness, he made his way rapidly into tne good graces
of the community— that is to say, that portion of the
community whose domiciles lay outside the protecting
hedges and gates of the Mortimer homestead. In the
first place, he was a lawyer, and after he nad tried his
Initiatory case in Bradford it was felt, and indeed occa
sionally whispered, that the major had at last met his
legal match. But as if this were not enough to fill the
latter's cup of bitterness, it must needs. soon be noised
about that the colonel had served in the Confederate
army.- There was no open warfare between the two mili
tary gentlemen, for they never met except in the forensic
field, and the divinity which doth hedge a court as well
as a king served to keep them within' legal bounds, but
many were the" argumentative allusions on the part or
the major, on such occasions, to "traitors," "slave drivers '
and the "iniquitous doctrine of States' rights," whether
such remarks were relevant to theissue or not.
Th^n- came the organization of Stonewall Jackson
Camp of Confederate Veterans in Bradford, with- CoJonel
Templeton at the head of the association. The Bradford
Bugle of the following week contained a fiery article under
the caption "Treason Stalks in Our Midst." the author
ship -'of which, was generally ascribed to Major Mortimer,
but the colonel made no response beyond informing a knot
of friends one day that "the camp was organized for much
the same purpose as was General Baker I'ost. namely, to
do honor to the memory of its illustrious dead. The Con
federate veteran who . sleeps beneath th-o sod to-day is a
hero. As the world sees them> his conclusions, perhaps,
were wrong, but he gave his all— his. life — in derense of
what ho thought was right.' More than this can no man
do to gain the approbation of his God and the respect of
his posterity." . , , ,
Months rolled into years, and at each recurring cycle
General Baker Post would strew flowers over its increas
ing graves, while Stonewall Jackson Camp would perform
a similar service of love for the Confederate dead. Else
where in the world the whirligig of time was Drlnging
nbout its changes. Henry W. Grady of Georgia— no, of
the United States— had made his famous speech on the
■'New South" to the business men of New York, and ac?
counts began, to appear in the papers here and there of
the joining of Union and Confederate soldiers on Memo
rial day to decorate the graves of heroes who had fallen
on both sides of-th.e fratricidal conflict.
It was at a meeting of Baker Post held to make ar
rangements for one of these annual ceremonies that a
bomb was thrown which for a time bade fair to destroy
the organization. Captain Bogard, one of the progressive
members of the post and a gallant soldier as well, intro
duced a resolution requesting Stonewall- Jacnson Camp to
loln with the post in observing the approaching holiday.
For a moment there was utter silence and all eyes turned
instinctively toward, Major Mortimer. That worthy was.
for an instant, dumb with astonishment, -then temporarily
resigning the chair, he stepped to the floor and for a
quarter of an hour such a stream of satire, sarcasm,
argument and Invective poured- from his lips as had never
been heard in Bradford before. Trembling with anger he
declared, that he was overcome y&th sorrow. at too. tbduf
horse-thief— the man she had kissed!
For a wild moment a strange fancy seized her usually
sane intellect and stirred her temperate blood. The news
they had told her was not true— he had been hanged, and
this was his ghost! He looked as white and apiritllke in
the moonlight, dressed in the same clothes, as when she
saw him last. He had evidently seen her approaching,
and moved quickly to meet her. But in his haste he
stumbled slightly— she reflected suddenly that ghosts did
not stumble— and a feeling of relief came over her. And
it was no assassin of her father that had been prowling
around— only this unhappy fugitive. A momentary color
came into her cheek; her coolness and hardihood returned;
it was with a tinge of sauciness in her voice that she said:
"I reckoned you were a ghost."
"I must have been," he said, looking at her fixedly;
"but I reckon I'd have come back here all the same."
"It's a little riskier eomin' back alive." she said with
a levity that died on her lips, for a singular nervousness,
half fear and half expectation, was beginning to take
the place of her relief of a moment ago. "Then it was
you who was prowlin" round and makin' tracks in the far
pasture?"
"Yes; I came straight here when I got away."
She felt his eyes were burning her, but did not daro
to raise her own. "Why — " she began— hesitated, and
ended vaguely. "How did you get here?"
"You helped me."
"I?"
"Yes. That kiss you gave me put life Into me— gave
me strength to get away. I swore to myself I'd come back
and thank you— alive or dead."
Every word he said she could have anticipated, so
plain the situation seemed to her now. And every word
he said she knew was the truth. Yet her cool common
sense struggled against It.
"What's the use of your escaping. cT you're comln'
back here to be ketched again?" she said pertly.
He drew a little nearer to her. but seemed to her the
more awkward as she resumed her self-possession. His
voice, too, was broken as if by exhaustion as he said,
catching his breath at intervals:
"I'll tell you. You did more for me than you think.
You made another man o' me. I never had a man, woman
or child do to me what you did. I never had a friend
only a pal like Red Pete, who picked me up 'on the
shares.' I want to quit this yer— what I'm doin . I want
to begin by doin' the square thing to you," he stopped,
breathed hard and then said brokenly: "My hoss is over
thar, staked out. I want to give him to you. Judge
Boompoin'ter will give you $1000 for him. 1 ain't lyin'—
that he had not been stricken down on the field of battle
by a rebel bullet, for in that event he would have been
spared the pain, nay the agony, in this latter day of
hearing a treasonable proposal to extend the hand of
fellowship to men who had endeavored to wreck the proud
ship of state. Captain Bogard bravely essayed to stem
the torrent of the major's eloquence, but such was the
prestige of the doughty commander of the post that the
resolution was voted down by a large majority and the
Union and Confederate veterans went their separate ways
as before.
Among the institutions which gave the little Tennessee
town a fancied feeling of security at home and more or
less renown abroad was the organization known as. the
Bradford Rifles. Duly armed, uniformed and mustered
Into the National Guard of the State, the militia com
pany's claims to social supremacy were only contested by
the Bradford Volunteer Fire Brigade. Every young man
in the town who was anybody belonged to one of both
of these organizations. The Rifles had their annual
parades, encampments and target practices, and it was
always thought that they would make their presence felt
should grim-vieaged war ever again rear his horrid front
as war is reputed to do. It was along about the year —
still, the year cuts no figure in the case— when the Rifles
began to arrange for their annual three days' encamp
ment. It was felt that the company must Co something
out of the ordinary this time, and it was agreed after
much debate to close the proceedings with a grand mimic
battle. Here was where Fairfax Templeton's genius came
into play.
Young Templeton resembled his father, tne colonel, in
that he was tall, military and black-eyed. The colonel's
mustache was white and bristly, while the younger man's
was black and glossy, but otherwise Fairfax was a chip
of the old block in personal appearance. He was not a
resident of Bradford. After his graduation from a semi
military college he had taken a course at Columbia I^aw
School and then settled down to practice in a Tennessee
county town not far from his father's chosen abode. He
was meeting with fair success, but his time was not so
thoroughly occupied but that he could occasionally devote
a few days to a filial visit to Bradford. Being of a genial
disposition and an approachable nature, he made warm
friends easily, and the Rifles soon learned that owing to
his education and a natural bent for military science,, he
know more about tactics and maneuvers than they could
perhaps ever hope to learn.
He had rendered them valuable assistance on moro
than one occasion, and as one of his periodical visits
was made during the time of preparation for the mimic
battle, he was naturally called upon to assist in the ar
rangements of the maneuvers.. He mapprd out the plans
of the engagement, throwing himself heart and soul into
the work, and was soon In charge of all the details. He
secured a number of recruits to swell the ranks for the
occasion, borrowed arms from a number of neighboring
towns and personally drilled each soldier in the work he
was expected to perform.
The preparations were kept as secret as possible, the
drilling was done in retired spots, and when the eventful
day came Bradford and the surrounding country was astir
with excitement. The battle was to b« rought on the
common, a grassy tract of some four or five acres lying
on the edge of the town and sloping gently to a little
creek that skirted it on the south. Rough seats had been,
erected on the side nearest town, and here was g-athered
almost the entire population of Bradford, reinforced by
crowds from the country and neighboring villages. Even
the major was there, occupying a front seat, and by his
side sat a radiant bit of femininity who has not hitherto
been called to the attention of the reader simply because
the time for that pleasing task has only just arrived.
Suffice it to say that Dorothy Mortimer was about the
only being on the face of the earth to whom her father,
the major, bowed in obeisance. If she was the belle of
Bradford, it was because she worthily filled the position,
and that is saying enough.
Along the top of the little slope a line or low breast
works had been thrown up. and the major was just telling
Dorothy that the scene, although on a small scale, re
minded him of a battle field he had performed some ser
vice on during the memorable seven days in/the Wilder
ness, when a half-dozen blue-coats jumped from the
trenches and planted on the works a start bearing the
stars and stripes. At the same Instant a body of. soldiers
could be seen emerging from a little clump of trees near
the creek on the further side of the field. A chorus of
half-suppressed "Ahs" came from the lips of the spec
tators as it was discovered that the new-comers wore the
Confederate uniform. Fairfax- Templeton's dramatic
instinct had been allowed full play, and the battle was to
be a reminiscence of the mighty struggle In which had
been engaged many of the spectators on one side or the
other. Tiie gray-coats marched steadily up the slope until
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
it's God truth! I saw it on a handbill agin a tree.
Take him, and I'll get away afoot. Take n}™-.*} 3*™!
only thing I can do for you, and I know it don t half
pay for what you did. Take it—your father can get a
reward for you—if you can't." . . ... . *.w_*
Such were the ethics of this strange - locality that
neither the man who made the offer nor the girl to whom
it was made were struck by anything that seemed illog
ical or indelicate or at all inconsistent with justice or the
horse-thief's real conversion. Salomy Jane, nevertheless,
dissented, from another and weaker reason.
"I don't want your hoss-though I reckon dad might
—but you're just starvin'. I'll get suthin'. She turned
toward the house. . ,  ' . - *,„_
"Say, you'll take the hoss first," he Bald, grasping her
hand. At the touch she felt herself coloring and strug
gled, expecting perhaps another kiss. But he dropped her
hand. , •'
She turned again with a saucy gesture, said: Hoi
on; I'll come right back," and slipped away—the mere
shadow of a coy and flying nymph in tne moonlight—
until she reached the house. : ■- ■ ... . .
Here she not only procured food and •whisky, but
added, a long dust coat and hat of her father s tpvher
burden. They would serve as a disguise for him and hide
that . herolc\ figure, which she -thought everybody must
now know as she did. Then she rejoined him. breath
lessly. But he put the food and whisky aside.
"Listen," he said; "I've turned the hoss Into your
corral. You'll find him there in the morning and no one
will know but that he got lost and joined the other
hosses."
Then she burst out. "But you—you— will become
of you? You'll be catched!" , , . ,
"I'll manage to get away," he said in a low voice,
"ef—ef—"
"Ef what?" she said tremblingly.
"Ef you'll put the heart in me again— you did! he
gasped.
She tried to laugh— move away. She could do
neither. Suddenly he caught her in his arms and with a
long kiss, which she returned again and again.
Then they stood embraced as they had embraced two
days before, but no longer the same. For the cool, lazy
Salomy Jane had been transformed into another woman—
a passionate, clinging savage. Perhaps something of her
father's blood had surged within her at that supreme
moment. The man stood erect and determined.
"Wot's your name?" she whispered quickly. It was a
woman's quickest way of defining her feelings.
"Dart." "->,::;. v
"Yer first name?"
"Let me go now, Jack. Lie low In the woods till to
morrow sun-up. I'll come agin."
He released her. Yet she lingered a moment. "Put
on those things," she said with a sudden happy flash of
eyes and teeth, "and lie close till I come." And then she
sped away.
But midway up the distance she felt ncr feet going
slower and something at her heartstrings seemed to be
pulling her back. She stopped, turned, and glanced to
where he had been standing. Had she seen him then,
she might have returned. But he had disappeared. She
gave her first sigh, and then ran quickly again. It must
be nearly 10 o'clock! It was not very long to morning!
She was within a few steps of her own door when the
sleeping woods and silent air appeared to suddenly awake
with a sharp "crack."
Sho stopped paralyzed. Another "crack!" followed
that echoed over to the far corral. She recalled herself
instantly and dashed off wildly to the woods again.
As she ran she thought of one thing only. He had
been "dogged" by one of his old pursuers and attacked.
But there were two shots and he was unarmed. Suddenly
she remembered that she had left her father's gun stand
ing against the tree where they were talking. Thank
God! she may a"g-aln have saved him. She ran to the
tree: the gun was gone. She ran thither and thither,
dreading at every step to fall upon his lifeless body. A
new thought struck her; she ran to the corral. The horse
was not there! He must have been able to regain it and
escaped—after the shots had been fired. She drew a long
breath of relief, bui it was caught up in an apprehension
of alarm. Her father, awakened from his sleep by the
shots, was hurriedly approaching her.
"What's up now, Salomy Jane?" he demanded, ex
cited
"NYithln"." said the girl with an effort. "Nothin', at
least, that I can find." She was usually truthful because
fearless, and a lie stuck In her throat—but she was no
longer fearless, thinking of him. "I wasn't abed, so I ran
within fifty yards of the trenches, when suddenly there
leaped from the works a murderous line of fire. When
the smoke had cleared away it was seen that many of the •
attacking party had fallen,butthe line had been re-formed
and was now charging on the enemy at a double-quick.
Once more the hidden guns belched forth their deadly
message. This time the execution was more dire, iand
the gray line wavered.-
Major Mortimer gave a mighty shout of joy, but it was
short-lived. The lirst attack was only a reint to draw the
Union forces from the trenches, for when the victorious
blue-coats were well down the slope the main body of
Confederates, Led by Fairfax Templeton »n person, sud
denly emerged from the willows that fringed the little
stream, and with, the famous "rebel yell" charged directly
up the hill. The carnage now was awful. Guns were pop
ping, men were falling and officers were excitedly shout
ing commands all over the field. The Union troops were
slowly being pressed back to the trenches, and it seemed
as if victory was about to crown the Confederate forces,
when a faint bugle call was heard, and away in the dis
tance could be seen blue-coated reinforcements coming on
the run. In the face of the impending danger the Con
federates faltered, then slowly withdrew to a safe dis
tance across the stream, and the reinforced but exhausted
Union forces again occupied the works and quiet, broken
only by the groans of the wounded, pervaded the scene.
Then came a dramatic exhibition of a cut of sentiment.
Fairfax Templeton hal fallen in the deadly charge and
lay well down the slope a short distance from the specta
tors, while near him lay a Union officer who was moan
ing in great pain. Soon there was heard Issuing from the
parched lips of the Northern soldier the feeble cry:
"Water, water." As his delirious fever increased his cries
became louder, and presently Templeton painfully raised
himself on his elbow and looked in the direction of the
pitiful sound. Then he slowly and laboriously half
crawled and half rolled down the little slope. A number of
shots were fired at him from the works, and once he
fell, but recovering himself he went bravely on until he
reached the creek, where he filled his oilskin cap with
water and turning, slowly crawled back up the hill to his
wounded enemy. After pouring a few drops of tne life
giving fluid down the Union captain's throat he bathed
his face, and then drawing a handkerchief from his pocket
bound up the wounded man's shoulder, falling back in a
dead faint just as his generous task was completed.
The women J among the spectators were In tears, and
even the sterner males felt lumps in their throats. After
a moment a gentle hand-clapping was heard, which soon
broke into thunders of uproarious applause, but loud as
was the tumult it was speedily silenced by the "rebel
yell" which was heard once more from beyond the creek.
The Confederates had rallied, re-formed their lines, and
discovering the loss of their commander were returning
for his body. They leaped the creek, burst tnrough the
bushes and in the face of a withering fire once more
charged up the slope. Beaching the spot where their
beloved captain lay, although their numbers were sadly
decimated, they tenderly gathered the limp form in their
arms and once more retreated across the water, the rear
guard covering the retreat and fighting every inch of the
way.
The battle was over, the soldiers came forth from the
trenches and bushes and fraternized on the common, the
band burst into a medley in which were mingled strains
from "Yankee Doodle" and "Dixie," and the people
cheered and cheered and cheered again. Only the major
was silent. From the first his eyes had been fixed on the
gallant form of Fairfax Templeton, but until now he had
not spoken". ■ •
"Who ia the Confederate captain, Dorothy?" he now
; asked. • '
"Fairfax Templeton, the colonel's son," she responded,
blushing a little as she spoke. "Wasn't he splendid?"
But the major appeared to be deep in thought, and for
a moment vouchsafed no reply.
"The maneuvers were very well conceived," finally
said the major.
"Yes, Fairfax, had full charge and arranged every
thing," responded the girl, as if that were sufficient rea
son for the excellence of the exhibition.
"Do you know him?" asked her father..
"Ye-es, I have met him," hesitatingly answered
Dorothy, and somehow she blushed again. It is. remark
able how girls can blush about nothing.
■ "I am going home now," said the major. "I wish you
would remain long enough to: ask him to call and see
me this evening."
If the skies had'fallen Dorothy would not have been
more surprised. Major Beverly Mortimer actually asking
a Templeton into his house.; But she was a dutiful
daughter, generally, and had no Intention of disobeying
her father, although a casual observer might have
thought there was a lack of alacrity in her present move
ments, for she sat perfectly still after the major . left.
It is possible that there . was 5 method in her action, or
rather lack of it. however, for very soon Fairrax Temple
ton disengaged himself from a knot of admirers and came
directly to her. • ■
; "Oh, Fairfax," "she cried, extending her pretty hand,
"you were perfectly grand."
"If I was." he tenderly responded, "I could hardly be
otherwise with the inspiration of—such an audience."
"Well, never mind that now," said Dorothy. "I have
some wonderful news for you. Papa wants you to come
to see him to-night." '^
"Wants me to come to see him," 'echoed Fairfax, in
amazement. Th£u iio mada aa apparently, irrelevant
BY
BRET
HARTE
out as soon as I heard the shots fired," she answered In
out as soon as I heard the shots fired," she answerea in
return to his curious gaze. ■ .  „_,.,. >.«
"And you've hid my gun somewhere where It can tt>e
found," he said reproachfully. "Ef it was that sneaK
Larrabee, and he fired them • shots to lure me out, ne
might have potted me, without a show, a dozen times in.
the last five minutes." , T) .
She hadn't thought since of her father's enemy! it
might indeed have been he who had attacked Jack. But
she made a quick point of the suggestion.
"Run in, dad, run in and find the gun— you ye got no
show out here without it." She seized him by tne
shoulders from behind, shielding him from the woods, ana
hurried him, half expostulating, half struggling, to tne
house
But there no gun was to be found. It was strange— it
must have been mislaid in some corner! Was he sure he
had not left it in the barn? But no matter now. The dan
ger was over— the Larrabee trick had failed— he must go
to bed now, and in the morning they would make a search
together.
At the same time she had Inwardly resolved to risa
before him and make another search of the wood, ana
perhaps— fearful joy as she recalled her promise!— find
him alive and well awaiting her!
Salomy Jane slept little that night^-nor did her father.
But toward morning he fell into a tired man's slumber
until the sun was well up in the horizon. Far different
was it with his daughter; she lay with her face to the
window, her head half lifted to catch every sound— from
the creaking of the sun-warped shingles above her head
to the far off moan of the rising wind in the pine trees.
Sometimes she fell into a breathless, half ecstatic trance
living over every moment of the stolen interview— feeling
the fugitive's arm still around her, his kisses on her lips,
hearing his whispered voice in her ears— birth of her
new life! This was followed again by a period of agon
izing dread— that he might even then be lying, ebbing his
life away, in the woods with her name on his lips, and
she resting here inactive— until she half started from her
bed to go to his succor. And this went on until a pale,
opal glow came into the sky, followed by a still paler pink
on the summit of the white Sierras, when she arose and
hurriedly began to dre6s. Still so sanguine was her hope
of meeting him that she lingered yet a moment to select
the brown holland skirt and yellow sun-bonnet she had
worn when she first saw him. And she had only seen him
twice! Only twice! It would be. cruel, too cruel— not to
see him again.
■ She crept softly down the stairs, listening to the long
drawn breathing of her father in his bedroom, and then,
by the light of a guttering candle, scrawled a note to him.
begging him not to trust himself out of the house until
she returned from her search, and. leaving the note open
on the table, swiftly ran out into the growing day.. ■
Three hours afterward Mr. Madison Clay awoke to the
sound of loud knocking. At first this forced itself upon
his consciousness as his daughter's regular morning sum
mons, and was responded to by a grunt of recognition
and a nestling closer in the blankets. Then he awoke with
a start and a muttered oath, remembering the events of
last night, and his intention to get up early— and rolled
out of bed.
Becoming aware by this time that the knocking was at
the outer door, and hearing the shout of a familiar voice,
he hastily pulled on his boots, his jean trousers, and, fast
ening a single suspender, over his shoulder as he clattered
down stairs, stood in the lower room. The door was open,
and waiting upon the threshold was his kinsman— an old
ally in many a blood feud— Breckenridge Clay!
"You are a cool one, Mad," said the latter in half ad
miring indignation. - ' •;
"What's up?" said the bewildered Madison.
"You ought to be, and scootin 1 out o' this," said Breck
enridge grimly. "It's all very well to 'know nothln'.' but
here's Phil Larrabee's friends hey just picked him up,
drilled through with slugs and deader nor a crow, and
now they're lettin' loose Larrabee's two half brothers on
you. And you must go like a d d fool and leave these
yer things behind you in the bresh," he went on queru
lously, lifting Madison Clay's dust coat, hat. and shotgun
from* his horse, which stood saddled at the door. "Luckily
I picked them up in the woods comin' here. Ye ain't got
more than time to get over the State line and among your
folks thar afore they'll be down on you. Hustle, oid man!
What are you gawkin' and starin' at?"
Madison Clay had stared amazed and bewildered—hor
ror-stricken. The incidents of the past night for the first
time flashed upon him clearly— hopelessly! The shot, his
finding Salomy Jane alone in the woods, her confusion and
anxiety to rid herself of him, the disappearance of the
shotgun, and now this new discovery of the taking of his
hat and coat for a disguise! She had killed Paul Larra
bee in that disguise, after provoking his first harmless
shot! She, his own child. Salomy Jane, had disgraced
herself by a man's crime— had disgraced him by usurping
his right, and taking a mean advantage, by- deceit, of a
foe!
"Gimme that gun." he said hoarsely.
Breckenridge handed him the gun In wonder and
slowly gathering suspicion. Madison examined nipple and
muzzle; one barrel had been discharged; it was true. The
gun dropped from his hand.
"Look here, old man." said Breckenridge, with a dark
ening face, "there's bin no foul play here. Thar's bin no
hiring of men, no deputy to do this job. You did it fair
and — yourself."
"Yes. by God!" burst out Madison Clay in a hoarse
voice. "Who says I didn't?"
Reassured, yet believing that Madison Clay had nerved
himself for the act by an overdraft of whisky, which bad
remark. "Does he know?"
"Of course he doesn't know, you goose," responded
Dorothy. "If he did. I think he would be sorry you were
not actually killed in that horrid fight. But do not ask
any more questions, for I do not know any more about it
than you do. All I know is that you are to call at our
house this evening, and do not forget to come, for am
as anxious as you are to know what it is all about."
"As if I would forget." he began, but what he con
cluded with is really not pertinent to the case.
After he and the major wore introduced to each other
that evening by the fair Dorothy, the major did not lose
much time in opening the conversation.
"I have been told, Mr. Templeton," he said, '"that you
arranged the details of the mimic battle that we wit
nessed this afternoon."
"Well, yes sir." said Fairfax. "The boys rather in
sisted on my taking charge of the affair. I hope you were
pleased with our efforts."
"The ideas were well worked out and, I should say,
faithfully executed," said the major. "Allow me to con
gratulate you on the military knowledge and dramatic
talent which you undoubtedly possess. I presume you
read somewhere of the little incident which you deftly
wove into the close of the battle."
"Well, no," answered young Templeton. "It was the
representation of an incident which really nappened dur
ing one of the battles in the Wilderness. My father told
me of it."
"And your father — "
"Was the Confederate officer who succored the Union
soldier. He never took much credit to himself for the act,
but I remembered the story and thought the scene would
bear repetition."
The major was silent for a moment, then he excused
himself and left the room. The young rolks were still
unenlightened as to the cause of the invitation to call,
but they apparently had a great many things to say to
each other, for it was really quite late when Fairfax
departed.
The next afternoon the major walked into the music
room where Dorothy was caroling aa blithely as though
such a thing as war had never been heard of.
"Dorothy," he said, "order the carriage brought
around and get yourself ready to make a call with me."
"Where are we going?" she asked sweetly as she
arose from the piano.
"To Colonel Templeton's," he said, and walked out of
the room.
Would wonders never cease? First he had invited
Fairfax to the house, though for what reason she could
not imagine, and now he was actually going to beard the
colonel in his den. But there was no good in speculations
on the subject, and 6he was soon ready for the incom
prehensible visit.
A little later they were in the colonel's parlor, and
presently Colonel Templeton himself stood before them,
as tall and commanding as ever, but with a smile of.wel
come on his face. Fairfax had entered the room- with
him and quietly advanced to Dorothy's side, where he
stood a trifle closer to her than was really necessary.
"Colonel Templeton," said the major, "I have come
to restore to you a little article which I nave recently
learned is your personal property. You loaned it to me
over twenty-five years ago in the State of Virginia, and
during the whole quarter of a century I have never lost
the hope that some day I might be able to return ft to
the hand of the brave man who risked his life when he
bestowed it upon me."
With these words he held out his hand, and in the
outstretched palm lay a. linen handkerchief from which
time had not been able to efface a number of curious
pink stains. The colonel took a step forward and grasped
the major's hand with his own. the blood-stained hand
kerchief being crushed in the forgiving clasp.
"Furthermore." continued the major, "on behalf of
General Baker Post. Grand Army of the Republic I
cordially invite Stonewall Jackson Camp of Confederate
Veterans to participate with us on Memorial day in hon
oring the heroic dead who. however divided their lives,
are sleeping their last long sleep together."
A few weeks later Major Mortimer and Colonel Tem
pleton marched arm-in-arm at the head of a little pro
cession to the cemetery, and there under the weeping
willow and the sighing cypress reverently bared their
heads as the choir softly chanted:
; 'Under the sod and the dew,
Waiting the judgment day;
Love and tears for the Blue,
Tears and love for the Gray."
FRANK CORWIN RADCLIFFE.
TWO CUBANS
IN A PARIS CLUB
IT WAS !n 1888 or 1889, while I was rejoicing in the
proud privileg-es of an "etudiant en philosophic"' at
the Sorbonne in Paris, that I, in common with many
of my fellow students, was a member of the "Cercle
de la belle lune." The club met in a brasserie in the
boulevard St. Michel, and as significantly Implied by
its name, held its meetings exclusively after nightfall.
It was aot a merely social club; its functions wero og
affected his memory. Breckenridge said curtly, "Then
wake ud and lite out ef ye want me to stand by you."
P to the cor?ar'andpick me out a hoss "said Madi
son slowly, yet not without a certain dignity of manner.
"I've suthin' to say to Salomy Jane afore I go. He was
holding her ? scribbled note, which he had just discovered.
ln h St S rS?kby S hfs a Wn S man's manner, and knowing the de
pendent relations of father and daughter, Breckenr dge
nodded and hurried awawy. Left to himself, Madison
C?ay ran his fingers through his hair and straightened out
the paper on which Salomy Jane had scrawled her note,
turned it over and wrote on the back:
You might have told me you did it. and not
. leave your ole father to find it out how you dis
graced yourself and him. too, by a low-down,
underhanded woman's trick! I've ; said I done it,
and took the blame myself, and all thr sneakiness
of It that folks suspect. If I get away aln e-and
I don't much care which-you needn t foil er. The
house and stock are yours; but you am t any longer
the daughter of your dl^ace^ jather^ clay
He had scarcely finished the note when, with a clatter
of hoofs and a led horse, Breckenndge reappeared at th*
door elate and triumphant. "You're in nigger luck. Mad.
I found that stole hoss of Judge Boompointer s had got
away and strayed among your stock in the corral. J&k
him and you're safe— he can't be outrun this side of ths
ta " 6 I a?n ; t no hoss thief," said Madison grimly.
"Nobody sez ye are, but you'd be wuss-a fool-ef ye
didn't take him. I'm testimony that you found him
among your hosses; I'll tell Judge Boompointer youve
got him, and ye kin send him back when you re safe. The
Judge will be mighty glad to get him back, and call it
quits. So— ef you've writ to Salomy Jane— come.
Madison Clay no longer hesitated. Salomy Jane might
return at any moment— it would be part of her fooi wom
anishness"—and he was in.no mood to see her before a
third party. He laid the note on the table, pave a hurried
glance around the house, which he grimly believed he wan
leaving forever, and, striding to the door, leaped on the
stolen horse, and swept away with his kinsman.
But that note lay for a week undisturbed on the table,
ln full view of the open door. The house was invaded by
leaves pine cones, birds and squirrels during the hot.
silent,' empty days, and at jiight by shy, stealthy crea
tures, but never again, day or night, by any of the Clay
fan jt J 'was known in the district that Clay had flown
across the State line, his daughter was believed to have
joined him the next day. and the house was supposed to
be locked up. Tt lay off the main road, and few passed
that way. The starving cattle in the corral at last broke
bounds and spread over the woods. And one night a
stronger blast than usual swept through the hnuse, car
ried the note from the table to the floor, where, whirled
into a crack in the flooring, it slowly rotted.
But though the sting of her father's reproach was
spared her Salomy Jane had nn need of tne letter to
know what had happened. For. as she entered the woods
in the dim light of that morning, she saw the figure of
Dart gliding From the shadow of a pine toward her. The
unaffected cry of joy that rose from her lips died there
as she caught sight of his face in The open light. p
"You are hurt," she said, clutching his arm passion-
"No " he said. "But I wouldn't mind that if—"
"You're thinkin' I was afeard to come back last night,
when I heard the shootin', but I did come." she went on.
feverishly. "I ran back here when I heara tne two shots,
but you were gone. 1 went to the corral, but your hosa
wasn't there, and I thought you'd grot away."
"I did get away." said Dart, gloomily. I killed tne
man thinkin' he was huntin' me. and forgettin" I was dis
guised. He thought I was your father."
"Yes " said the girl, joyfully, "he was after dad. ana
you— you killed him." She again caught his hand adralr
nS But he did not respond. Possibly there were points of
honor which this horsethief felt vaguely with her father.
"Listen," he said grimly. "Others think it was your
father killed him. When I did it— for he fired at me first—
I ran to the corral again and took my hoss, thinkin I
might be follered. I made a clear circuit of the house,
and when I fired he was the only one. and no one was
follerin'— I come back here and took off my disguise."
"Then I heard his friends find Him in the wond, ana I
know they suspected your father. And then another man
came through the woods while I was hidin'. and found the
clothes, and took them away." He stopped and stared at
cr B^it"all Ith'is1 this was unintelligible to the girl. "Dad would
have got the better of him ef you hadn't, she said
eagerly, "so what's the difference?"
"Ail the same," he said gloomily, "I must tak« his
P a< She did not understand, but turned her head to her
master. "Then you'll go back with me and tell him all?
she said obediently.
"Yes," he said.
She put her hand in his. and they cr^pt out of the wood
together She foresaw a thousand difficulties, but,
chiefest of all. that he did not love her as she did. She
would not have taken these risks against their happiness.
But alas! for ethics and heroism. As they were Issu
ing from the wood they heard the sound of galloping
hoofs and had barely time to hide themselves before
Madison Clay, on the stolen horse of Judge Boompointer,
sweDt past them with his kinsman.
Salomy Jane turned to her lover.
• • * • •
And here I might, as a moral romancer, pause, lea% r lng
the guilty passionate girl eloped with her disreputable
lover destined to lifelong shame and misery, misunder
stood' to the last by a criminal, fastidious parent. But I
am confronted with certain facts on which this romance is
A month later a handbill was posted on one of the
sentinel pines announcing that the property would be sold %
by auction to the highest bidder by Mr*. John Dart,
daughter of Madison Clay Esq., and It was sold accord-
Still later— by ten years— the chronicler of these pages
visited a certain "stock." or "breeding farm" In the Bluo
Grass country, famous for the popular racers It had pro
duced. He was told that the owner was tne best judge
of horseflesh in the country.
"Small wonder." added Ms informant, "for they say as
a young man out in California he was a horse-thief, and
only saved himself by eloping with pnm<- rich farmer's
daughter. But h^'p a" straight-out and respectable man
now whose word about horses can't be bought: and ns
for his wife, she's a beauty! To see h«=r at the 'Springs.'
rigged out In the latest fashion, you'd n^ver think she
had ever lived out of New York or wasn't the wife of one
of its millionaires."
(Copyrighted, 1898, by Bret Harte.)
a more serious nature. It fulfilled the purposes of Instruc
tion and amusement simultaneously, and served to foster
all the arts.
Oratory, poetry, music and the drama were repre
sented in the club arid the votaries of each found a sym
pathetic, though critical, audience.
Musical talents received the warmest welcome of all,
and relying on this circumstance. Armand Vielieville, one
of our most popular members, presented himseir one night
in company with two of the blackest looking negroes it
has ever been my fortune to encounter. Armand Intro
duced them with much ceremony as Don Carlos and Don
Hernando Jimenez, pere et flls, two Cufcan gentlemen,
■whose friend he had the felicitous honor of being.
The first thing to impress itself on the mind of an
American, on first beholding these negroes, was the differ
ence in physiognomy between them and the types gen
erally seen in the Southern States. Intelligence fairly
gleamed in the eyes of the Cubans. Dressed in correct
evening attire, their deportment a very model of elegant
courtesy, they gained, rather than lost, in the contrast
with the noisy students by whom they were surrounded.
Brilliant conversationalists they both were, albeit the
elder Jimenez spoke French less fluently than hi 3 son,
who had received his education in New Orleans.
"When the fact was made known that they were pro
fessional violinists, they found it impossible to resist our
somewhat boisterous invitations to play, and instruments
were quickly provided.
That night will never fade from my memory. Sine©
then I have heard- the violin played by men of many
nations, by trained masters and by nature"s born geniuses,
but never as those Cuban refugees played It. The reper
toire on which they drew contained nothing but the melo
dies of their native isle, but with those they swayed us
as they would. We could hear cries of murdered men,
the shouts of the Spanish oppressor and the dying shrieks
of the Cuban slave. •
Throughout that evening we sat and listened en
tranced to the history of Cuba, told in music by masters.
And when we finally allowed our guests to rest from
their labor of love they complemented in burning prose
their passionate song of patriotism.
What a tale they told! There was no room for doubt
In our minds, for truth lay in every inflection of their
softly modulated voices. They spoke dispassionately,
almost coolly, as though they were speaking of things
that were, because they had to be.
The Jimenez themselves had been compelled to flee the
island. They had returned home from a ptrformance one
night, to find the wife and mother dead, tne two daugh
ters and sisters mutilated, one unconscious, the other
dying. The house had been plundered of all worth taking.
After procuring succor for the wounded and burial for
the dead father and son sought vengeance. With the
help of some desperate fellow sufferers they inflicted
severe losses on the .small detachments ana stragglers of
the Spanish military that infested the neighborhood. But
ultimately the attention of the Government was attracted
to the frequency and severity of these reprisals, and the
annihilation of an entire detachment of foragers was
•attended with fatal conseauences for most of the
avengers.
A large force was sent against the latter, and they
w>re lured into an ambush and surrounded. The rebels
made a desperate resistance, but were at last overpowered
by weight of numbers. Two only managed to cut their
way through, and owing to the fleetness of their horses
they made good' their escape. These two were the
Jimenez, father and son. For a week they were closely
pursued, but at last they reached the coast. Fortune
favored them here, for they found an American steamer
about to sail, and on her they were granted a safe asylum.
But exiles they would henceforth remain, if not until
Cuba was free, at least until another effort should ba
made to liberate the unhappy island from the Spanish
incubus.
• • • • •
I read In a Havana dispatch the other day that Her-
Tiando Jimenez, well known as a -violinist, had been cap
tured in a skirmish by the Spanish cavalry and had been
shot as a rebel. I think it more than probable that hia
murdered family was well avenged before he yielded up
his life to the assassins of his nearest and dearest.
The dispatch announcing his execution mentioned that
as the bullets pierced him lie shouted "Viva Cuba Libre."
GIANTS OF PATAGONIA.
The tribes to the east of the Cordilleras, In southern
Patagonia, belong to Araucanian stock, and are a superior
race. The Tehuelches — as they call themselves — of south
ern and eastern Patagonia are the people whose unusual
stature gave rise to the fables of the early days to the
effect that the natives of this region were giants, averag-
Ing nine or ten feet in height. It ia a fact that they aref
the tallest human beings in the world, the men averaging*
but slightly less than six feet, while individuals of four to
six Inches above that mark are not uncommon. They are
In reality by no means savages, but somewhat civilized
barbarians. They are almost unacquainted with the use
of firearms, notwithstanding some contact with the whit**,
but they have jjleaty of lioraes and dogs.PARADISE OF SPORTSMEN- THE WILDS OF MENDOCINO COUNTY
IT IS the middle of May in the
heart of Mendocino County. The
air is balmy and warm and the sun
shines its brightest. No fairer spot
can be found on the face of the
earth.
A large portion of Mendocino County
is comparatively well known to the out-
Bide world, but there is one section that
has never had a "level run over it."
And all lovers of nature hope that it
Will be many years before the surveyor
with a town lot scheme ventures into
the locality. For here is the paradise
of sportsmen. It is a section of won
drous picturesqueness. Mountains cov
ered with timber rise on all sides and
the valleys between are intersected by
a network of lakes, ponds and bab
bling streams.
AN OFFICIAL STUDY OF DEATH
I HAVE been studying a book with a
dark blue cover fresh f- >m the
presses of her Majesty's printer, a
book that cdfctls with one of the
most fascinating of all subjects—
"Death." This book contains no mor
alizing and notheories.it does not teach
you how to die, nor advise you how to
live. It sticks closely to its business of
presenting facts, o-f showing you how
people have been dying in London and
England of recent years — to be more
precise, in the years of 1890, 1891 and
1892.
One of the first tables shows that
men who have some regular occupation
may face death more serenely than
those who have none. This is especi
ally true between the. ages of 20 and 35,
when the death rate for "unoccupied
males" is from three to six times
greater than for those with occupation,
six times greater at 20 and three times
greater at 35.
We next are shown the advantage of
living in agricultural districts away
from large cities. Comparing the death
rate of "occupied males" (whom we
shall consider exclusively from this
point on) we find, that the mortality
In London, taking the period in life
from 25 to 65, is 20 per cent above the
average, while in the agricultural dis
tricts it is 28 per cent below the aver
age. And still less favorable is the lot
of those who live in the industrial re
gions, the gTeat manufacturing centers
like Sheffield and Birmingham, since foi
them the death rate rises to 31 per cent
above the average.
Statistics are given of twenty-four
diseases or causes of death, and five
of these, viz: Phthisis, diseases of the
nervous system, diseases of the circu
latory system, bronchitis and pneumo
nia, cause more than half of the en
tire mortality. Cancer kills more than
Influenza, while suicide is directly re
sponsible for more deaths than alco
holism. : It is, however, expressly
pointed out that alcoholism contributes
to many deaths that are put down to
other causes. In certifying the cause
of death of inebriates it is the habit or
some medical men to state only the
pathological condition of the organ or
organs chiefly affected.
The experience of this office shows
that cirrhosis of the liver, for instance
(the liver is the organ which more than
any other is affected prejudicially by
intemperance), Is frequently returned
j The nearest towns to the locality re
ferred to are Cahto, Covelo, Fort Bragg
| and "Westport. They am scattered
[ around it at about even intervals. A
! journey of not more than twenty miles
brings you into this enchanted land,
and it is a trip well worth the time
even though you are not a sportsman.
Leaving any of the towns mentioned
the way for some distance will be over
fine roads, which will gradually merge
into the wildest kind of mountain
trails. This part of the journey is like
traveling through a fairy forest. For
a distance the trail climbs over rocks
and bowlders and then dives beneath a
redwood forest. Here the ground be
neath your feet is deeply covered with
the aromatic leaves that have fallen
from the trees above. Each footfall is
' as the sole cause of death in such cir
cumstances, the fact that abuse of al
cohol had induced the cirrhosis, or other
morbid condition, being omitted from
I the certificate. There is a special table
: given for alcoholism, showing compara
i tive mortality figures, and social phil
: osophers will shake their heads wisely
, when they see, at the very head of the
list, the keepers of inns and hotels,
their servants and the whole tribe of
brewers and distillers. Men of these
classes, that is, the dispensers of alco
hol, die of its effects from three to ten
times faster than the average of "oc
cupied males," three times faster for
the brewer, ten times faster for the
London hotel servant. On the other
hand the mortality from alcoholism
among agricultural laborers, railway
men, iron and tin and coal miners,
clergymen, fishermen and others is far
below the average, only one-third or
one-fourth of it, while in the case of
soap manufacturers, lead workers, cop
per miners and carpet manufacturers,
no deaths whatever are recorded from
alcoholism. It would be of interest to
know if there is some subtle relation
between soap making and total absti
nence.
At the lower end of the table of phthi
sis, the favorable end, are found clergy
men, who seem to get part of their re
ward for right living in the form of
fortified health. Not only in phthisis
but in pneumonia and other diseases of
the respiratory organs they enjoy a de
gree of immunity shared by no other
class. Next to clerymen in power of
resisting these diseases come farmers
and schoolmasters. Physicians are
better fortified than ordinary men
against diseases of the lungs, and in
this they resemble coal miners, railroad
men and hosiery manufacturers.
On the other hand, phthisis and pneu
monia work nearly twice their average
havoc among general laborers in the
industrial districts and among tin min
ers and copper miners, the susceptibil- i
ity of copper miners here being the j
more remarkable that they have the j
best place in several other lists, notably
those of influenza, diabetes, alcoholism
and diseases of the nervous system. To
be a <ropper miner, then, Is to have an i
excellent chance of long life, unless
something goes wrong with the lungs.
And perhaps this also may be fairly
deduced, that for one born with a ten
dency to lung trouble, the choice of oc- i
cupations should lie between preaching, j
tilling the soil, manufacturing hosiery j
and coal mining. 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY £ 1898.
as noiseless as if it pressed a velvet
carpet. A profound silence reigns and
a green twilight fills the grove of giant
trees. Here and there a faint ray of
sunlight strikes the ground, but it has
so filtered through the mysterious
tangle of branches overhead that it
has lost all its force and looks like a
delicate vapor rising heavenward.
Suddenly, as the road emerges from
the forest and abruptly descends into a
canyon, the sound of running water
strikes your ear. At first it is only a
murmur, but soon it grows louder, until
it is almost a roar. Where does the
sound come from? „ One moment it
seems straight ahead, and the next far
up in the mountain. Now you hear it
on the right and now on the left. Then
the leaves of the trees rustle in the
wind and the splashing sound seems to
Looking over other lists I find that
chimney sweeps have nearly four times
the tendency of ordinary men to con
tract cancer, that general laborers are
the most fortunate in escaping gout;
lead workers and file makers die
about three times oftener than the or
dinary citizen from Bright's disease,
which is almost never contracted by
tallow soap manufacturers (here we
have the mystery of soap making
again); that coal miners and lace mak
ers show only half the general liabil
ity to liver disease; that seven ordi
nary men die from accidents for every
schoolmaster who so dies; that paper
manufacturers are practically free
from rheumatic fever, although book
binders suffer from it cruelly; that coal
heavers, porters and metal workers sel
dom die from diabetes, although that
disease carries off three times as many
glass manufacturers and four times as
many lawyers as the average calls for.
These facts and hundreds like them
come forth serenely from the figures
and statistics, let who will account for
them.
Some conclusions drawn by the sta
tistician as to the diseases which
threaten most in this or that occupa
tion are worthy of attention. "The
clergy," he says, "experience more than
double the average mortality from dia
betes, and one and a half times th»
average from rheumatic fever." It is
true, however, that "in no other occu
pation in the list is the mortality fig
ure of the whole body of men employed
so low as in that of clergymen." But
the g» deners and farmers come clos*
after t..em.
Of the legal profession he says,
"Lawyers suffer exceptionally from in
fluenza, cancer, nervous diseases, dis
eases of the liver, Bright's disease and
diabetes; their mortality from the ma
lady last named being four times the
average." On the other hand, "lawyers
suffer less severely than do occupied
males in the aggregate from phthisis,
heart disease and lung diseases."
Of the medical profession he says
"The records of 1890-92 confirm those of
1873-82 as to the comparative immunity
enjoyed by medical men from phthisis
respiratory diseases and accident. Their
special liability Is to death by gout,
diabetes, urinary diseases and suicide.
• • • The tendency to the commis
sion of suicide has notably increased
among medical men since the earlier
period." There surely is something for
the sociologist to ponder.
Next we find that the mortality figure
go dancing through the forest, like an
army of elves.
While you are looking about, vainly
trying to locate the sound, hearing it on
all sides at once, you will most likely
come right on top of the cause of it.
At your feet will be a dazzling water
fall. And there are dozens of them in
the locality. But as soon as you have
found out it means that you are deep
in the heart of Mendocino County, the
sportsman's paradise.
Do you care to fish? If so. cast your
line into the nearest pool. That deep,
dark one there, with the branches of
the trees hanging down into it. It is
sure to be full of the finest kind of
trout, and no matter whether you bait
'your hook with grasshoppers and bugs
or use the finest kind of artificial fly, it
won't be long before you have a "rise."
Of course, there is no telling what
kind of a trout this will be; there are
so many in these streams. It may be
of school teachers is one-third less than
the average for other occupations. "At
ages under 35 it is bolow even that of
clergymen, but at ages from 35 to 55
years school teachers die more rapidly
than do the clergy. In common with
other professional men schoolmasters
and teachers suffer much more severely
from diseases of the heart than they
do from diseases of the respiratory sys
tem; but, -whereas among the other pro
fessions it is heart disease which is nu
merically the most prevalent cause of
death, among school masters phthisis is
rather more fatal than heart disease."
Of artists, engravers, architects, etc.,
he says: "The comparative mortality
figure in this group is considerably
lower than the average. From alco
holism the mortality figure of artists,
etc., is below the average, although
they suffer more severely than the
average from diseases of the liver.
They die more than twice as fast as
do occupied males (in the aggregate)
from diabetes, but more slowly from
phthisis and also more slowly from dis
eases of the circulatory and respiratory
systems."
Our friend, the statistician, has a poor
idea of musicians, whom he finds "sad
ly addicted to intemperance." They die
more than twice as rapidly as ordinary
men from alcoholism, nearly twice as
rapidly from phthisis, and very much
more rapidly from nervous diseases,
liver diseases and suicide.
Commercial travelers show a high
mortality, considering the large amount
of time they spend in the op-in alr.At
coholism ami liver disease are the chief
causes of this heightened death rate,
which increases as they pass middle
lite. "Commercial travelers die from
diabetes almost as fast again as the
average, and from cancer faster than
the average by 43 per cent; they also
suffer exceptionally from Bright's dis
ease. Their mortality from phthisis and
from diseases of the respiratory system
is, however, below the average."
So the record goes on over many
pages with considerations In detail) of
not less than 100 different occupations.
Of those engaged in agriculture, it may
be said that their death rate is far be
low the others. To all diseases, save
one — influenza— they show less liability
than ordinary men. And there is no
foundation in statistics for the theory
that there is an excess of suicide among
dwellers on farms.
Altogether this blue book, "presented
to both houses of Parliament by com
mand of her Majesty," presents many
curious and important facts which
might doubtless be made the text of
many sermons could one but grasp
their full significance. I am still think
ing of those fortunate soap manufac
turers, who escape so many things, and
of the poor chimney sweep, who seems
fated to die of cancer.
Copyright, 1888, S. 6. McClur© Co.
' the audacious rainbow trout, the strong
silversides, the mountain trout or the
king of them all, the salmon trout, that
frequently weighs as much as thirty
pounds. The cool waters of these Men
docino rivers develop to the utmost the
gamey qualities of the inhabitants of
their depths.
The trout streams in this portion of
the State show no signs of a falling off
of the finny tribe. In fact, in many of
the Eel River tributaries there are
more fish now than there ever were.
This whole section is teeming with
game. The copses are full of grouse
and mountain quail and valley quail.
In the forests can be found deer, hare
and gray squirrel. Birds of all kinds
are numerous.
A few years ago it was feared that
the deer in this section might be ex
terminated, but in spite of the great
slaughter of the animals their numbers
have increased.
ETIQUETTE OF THE U. S. NAVY
THE many little points of etiquette
observed on board an American
man-of-war are distinctly worth
public interest. From the mo-
ment an officer or man steps
aboard until after he has left he must
observe conventional ceremonials of
many kinds.
In the first place in going aboard or
leaving the ship the starboard gang
way is reserved for the use of the com
missioned officers and their visitors
All others must use the port gangway.
Upon stepping aboard the first thing
to be done is to "salute the deck," by
touching or lifting the hat or cap. This
is meant as a mark of respect to the
colors, and is acknowledged by the of
ficer of the deck. The quarter-deck is
sacred to the officers, and the side of it
occupied by the officer of the deck is
generally avoided even by them. No
enlisted men are permitted to go on the
quarter-deck except on duty.
One of the prettiest of naval cere
monies takes place when the colors are
hoisted at 8 a. m., and again when
they are lowered at sunset. These two
functions are accompanied by appro
priate military music, all hands, offi
cers as well as men, who happen to be
on deck at the time, standing up at
"attention," facing aft and uncovered,
until the colors reach the flagstaff
head or are lowered into the arms of
the quartermaster who receives them,
as the case may be.
It is customary for officers always to
salute the captain when passing him,
but not to salute each other on board
ship, when merely passing, except
when, on duty, an official communica
tion is to be made. The junior always
salutes first, the senior returning the
salute. The men always salute an of
ficer when addressing or being ad
dressed by him.
Officers below the grade of comman
der are always addressed as plain
"Mr.," with the exception that the sur
geons are called "doctor." In the fa
miliar unofficial intercourse the chief
engineer is addressed as "chief" and
the paymaster as "pay." Usually the
marine officer is jocularly spoken to as
"major" or "colonel."
Commanders and captains are al
ways called "captuin," and commodores
and admirals are addressed by their
In no part of California can such fine
deer shooting be obtained as here in
the heart of Mendocino County. Nearly
every year hunters come to the vicinity
of the deer cover and go into camp two
or three weeks before the season opens,
which is usually the first of July or
August, The reason for going into
camp so long before the beginning of
the season is to get hardened up so as :
to be in trim to enioy the sport. To
thoroughly enjoy deer shotting a man i
must be in such condition that he will
not get tired out after a few hours in
the hills. He must be able to ride all
day and then be almost as fresh as
when he started.
But what royal sport It is. You wake
up long before daylight, and after dis- l
posing of a hearty camp breakfast at j
once take to the trail on the road to the
deer cover. Horses and dogs seem to i
enter into the spirit of the chase and
the blood tingles with excitement!
titles. But the commanding officer of
a vessel, no matter what his rank, is
always addressed by those under him
as "captain." Many small vessels and
torpedo-boats are commanded by lieu
tenants and even by ensigns, yet they
are called "captain" as long as they re
tain command.
Unlike civil life, the navy regards it
as a compliment to drop the "Mr." in
personal conversation between officers.
The application of that little prefix im
plies wide disparity in rank, and a
junior thus feels flattered by the eleva
tion to equality made by a senior in
dropping it.
The most striking illustration of this
peculiarity is to be found at the Naval
Academy, where the Fourth Classmen,
or "plebs," are ostentatiously termed
"misters," and the "Mr." is always
used in addressing them. "When, at
the end of their plebedom. they enter
the third class, they gleefully welcome
the dropping of th-e prefix in conver
sation with the other upper classmen,
and the worst snub a rirst or second
classman can give to one of the third
class is to make use of the old "Mr."
again in speakinc to him.
There are certain interesting: formali
ties in entering:, leaving and sitting in
the ship's small boats. Entrance goes
according to rank, junior first, in con
formity -with the principle that the cap
tain is alvrays last to abandon his ship.
In sitting in the boat, the senior sits
farthest aft, the others ranging them
selves forward of him according to
gradation of rank. In leaving the boat
the senior goes first, which suggests
the rule that in an attack on shore, or
a boarding party, the senior leads th«
way.
There are three principal ceremonies
attending the official arrival on board,
or the departure from a ship, of per
sons of rank. One is the "piping over
the side," consisting of the attendance
at the gangway of from two to eight
side boys, and the long, shrill piping
of the boatswain as the person honored
comes or goes over the side. For a
commanding officer, admiral or other
high functionary, the marine guard is
paraded on the quarter-deck. present-
Ing arms, with the field music giving
the appropriate number of "ruffles" as
the functionary passes along the deck
to or from the gangway. This is th«
second honor. The third is the firing
of gun salutes, the number of guns de
pending upon the personal rank. The
President of the United States an<J
through your own veins.
If you know the country you will not
have long to wait for a shot here in the
wilds of Mendocino County. Possibly a
small herd will dash across your path,
and if you are lucky you may bring
down one. At any rate it is hardly pos
sible that the day will pass without
your getting at least two. Certainly it
will be your own poor ability as a shot
that is the cause, for the deer are there
if you only know how to kill them.
But it is on the wild slopes of Signal
Peak that the finest big game hunting
can be found. Here is sport worthy of
the nerve of any knight of the g-un.
Here cinnamon and black bear are
plentiful. Panther and lynx can also
be found, and the gray wolf at timea
makes his presence known.
In fact, in the wilds of Mendocino
County can be found sport for any nim
rod and pleasure for the nature lover.
W. F. WADE.
members of royal families receive
twenty-qne guns, the national salute,
which is the highest number officially
recognized. Other officials receive
varying numbers below this, the fol
lowing being examples: Admiral, sev
enteen guns; vice-admiral, fifteen;
rear-admiral, thirteen; commodore*,
eleven. Governors of States, Cabinet
Ministers, diplomatic representatives,
generals of the army and consular of
ficers are all entitled to gun salutes.
The salute is not fired until the ob
ject of them is in his boat and pulla
ahead of the ship, when the first gun ia.
fired and his flag is unfurled from the
masthead, to be pulled down with the
last gun. While the salute is in prog
ress the visitor's boat stops, proceeding:
after the last gun.
It is a marked breach of courtesy to
fire either more or less guns than the
person saluted is entitled to, and when
such is done his representative prompt
ly calls upon the saluting ship for an.
explanation, and if this is not satisfac
tory serious offense is given.
There is ceremony even in marking
the passage of time onboard ship. There
is a clock near the captain's cabin,
which the captain's orderly watches,
and each half hour he goes on deck,
and saluting, reports to the officer of
the deck the number of bells, such aa
"one bell, sir." "three bells, sir," and so
on. The officer returns the orderly's
salute, says "Very good," and then di
rects the messenger boy to strike the
proper number of bells.
But at 8 a. m., noon and Rp. in. there
Is a marked difference. These hours
are reported to the officer of the deck,
not as "eight bells," but as "eig*ht
o'clock," or "twelve o'clock." The offi
cer then tells the orderly to report the
hour to the captain, and the eight bells
are not struck until the captain directs
it, through the mediums of the orderly,
the officer of the deck and the messen
ger. It is not 8 a. m., noon, nor 8 p. m.,
officially, until the captain orders
"Make It so." It not infrequently hap
pens that the captain plays Joshua and
postpones the hour, as he sees fit.
No one on board can see the captain
in his cabin without first sending in his
name by the latter's orderly. An offi
cer cannot see the captain on any offi
cial business, of hip own Initiative,
without stating it to and receiving per
mission from the executive officer. En
listed men must obtain the further per
mission of the officer of the deck befor©
interviewing the executive officer.
2526
SOCIETT is enjoying the spring'
days at the country homes, and
only comes to town to see and j
cheer "our boys in blue" and at j
the same time lend its valuable j
aid to the noble Red Cross.
The musicale for the benefit of this
•worthy organization, held at the home of
Mrs. Eleanor Martin on Broadway, was
the most |r resting and delightful func
tion of the week. A detailed account of
the affair will be found In the local
columns.
The Orpheus Musical Club of San Fran
cisco entertained Messrs. Ysaye, Glrardy
and Lauehaume last Wednesday evening
at their clubrooms.
A very enjoyable time was spent, and
many good wishes were drunk to the
health and future welfare of their hon
ored guests.
E. E. Schmitz acted as toastmaster,
and after some fellcious words called upon I
several members for a few remarks, and j
the following gentlemen responded: j
Messrs. S. Davis, H. Heyman, H. Susman,
L. Marcus, L. Bruck and L. N. Rltzau.
The members of the club listened to
some very witty and jovial remarks by !
Mr. Ysaye, and after singing the National
Anthem the company dispersed
Mr. and Mrs. William J. McCloskey
and their cousin, Frederick Pauiding,
gave a reception and dcamatic recital
Thursday, 19th inst.. in the new studio
arranged for Mr. and Mrs. McCloskey In
the Phelan building. The first selection
of Mr. Paulding was "The Magical Isle,"
followed by request With "The Devil in
Search of a wife," "The Conservative
Buterfly," "McMahon's Ride" and "The
Wives of Brixan." Mrs. McCloskey and
the hosts were assisted in receiving by
Miss Sharon, Miss Ayer, Miss Atkinson,
Mrs. Loosley and Charles Taylor.
Among tho guesu presem were: Mr. |
and Mrs. Thomas Denigan, Mrs. Horace
L. Hill. Miss Denigan. Miss Young, Mrs: !
Francis L. VThitney, Miss Whitney, Mrs.
Frank Sumner, Mrs. s. c. Bigelow, Miss
Bigelow, the Misses Morgan, Miss Rip
ley, Mr. and Mrs. Isadore Burns, Mrs.
Coleman, Miss Coleman, Miss Pollock,
Miss Glestlng, Major Otis W. Pollock. U. !
8. N., Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hasbrouck,
Mrs. John P. Young, Mr. and Mrs. Fisher
Ames. Mrs. Ashburner, Miss Averill, the
Misses Swigert, Miss Lowry, Mrs. Lovell
White, Mrs. Rebecca Jennings, Captain
and Mrs. Charles Goodall, Miss Taylor,
the Misses Atkinson, Mrs. Robert Taylor,
Mrs. William Dennison, Mrs. Edward
Cutter, Mrs. Julius Reis, the Misses Reis, !
Mrs. J. L. Martel, Miss Mart el, Mrs. H.
C. Videau, Dr. A. Goss. Mrs. Charles 1
Miner Goodall, Miss Wainwright, Mrs.
8. I. Van Winkle. Miss Van Winkle, ;
the Misses Conley, Miss Sparhawk. Mr.
and Mr 6. Willi.-im Bunker, Mrs. Edward
Godfrey, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Campbell, i
Mrs. W. Ayer, Mrs. John Scovllle the >
Misses Scoville, Mrs. R. A. Emmons, Mr
and Mrs. John Butler, Mrs. Thomas Tay
lor, Mrs. John Ruggles, Mrs. D. A. Hulse
Mrs. P. Neale. Mrs. Arthur Sharp Mrs
William Cullen, Mrs. Watson, Miss Wat
son, Mrs. J. Gould. Mrs. H. p. Taylor
Mrs. W. D. Fennimore, Mrs. Kate Brown'
Mrs. E. Bowen, Mias Bowen, Miss Con- I
nor, Miss Sexton, Mr. and Mrs N T Mes
ser, Mrs.- Samuel P. Tuggle. Mrs. H P <
Coen Mr. and Mrs. P. Tiffany, Mrs. Jas!
Orr,. Mrs. H. B. Berryman, Mrs. V Kim- 1
ber Mrs. IL , G. -Wilson. Mr. and Mrs.
llliam Morrison, Miss Snook, Mrs N B
Torp. Mrs. Irving Moulton, Miss M t' i
Brown, Miss Fraser, Mr. Kiel, Arthur
Fickinscher. Frank McDonald M I n
grange Edward Rolker - Mr. Wheaton
Grant Laugh Un. •
Mr. and Mrs A. D. Spl'valo gave aj
dinner on Tuesday evening in celebration !
of their wedding anniversary: Those pres- '
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Splivalo. i
Mr. and Mrs. Y. Danglada. Mr. and Mrs.
J. L. Tlorney, Mrs Charles Nougues,
Mrs. M. Robinson, Mrs. Portener, Miss
R<iko Bplivalo MJhs Anna Keane. M..ss
Pauline Dreyfus, Miss Estelle Splivalo
Dr. C. Barsotti, Dr. J. Pescla, G. Malter ;
D. Martin, V. Noe, L. Salomon, S. An
toldi. A. 1). Hphvuio Jr.. Kitwin Spilvnio.
•Rev. and Mrs. George Wallace of San
Mateo entertained their many friends last
Friday evening. A large gathering testi
fied to the esteem in which they held their
genial host and accomplished nostess
After an hour of social greetings in the
reception-rooms, the company adjourned
to the assembly-room, where a brief ran- :
Blcal and literary programme was ren
dered by Misses Myrtle Jennings, Anna
Dickie, Nora Brewer. Amy Brewer and
Masters Bernard; Sidney and Arthur
Ford. F. R. King performed tastefully
on the violin Gabriel Marie's quaint "I a
Clnquantaine." Miss Eleanor Wallace
read aji eßsay on "Women in History " I
Bishop W. F. Nichols gave one of "his
peculiarly happy addresses, taking as his <
theme "Breathing Spells." Dancing |
varied by visits to the fully appointed j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ■ f ■ 1 ■ ■ ■'■■ » ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
CITY OF jj|| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
housekeepinFmpartment !
SPECIAL !
We still continue our sale of LAWNS, ORGANDIES, SCOTCH LAP-
PET AND DIMITIES, at ."ic per yard.
GREA.T REDUCTIONS IN OUR FINE IMPORTED FRENCH ORGAN-
DIES.
TENNIS FLANNELS,
Choice goods reduced to fie per yard.
DRESSMAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY.
Don't fail to visit our ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARIS^DRYGOODS^COIVIPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
SOCIETY
supper-room, occupied the latter haif of
the evening.
Mrs. Henry W. Spalding gave a military
luncheon at her residence at Millwood,
Marln County, on Wednesday, the 25th In
stant, in honor of Miss Elmira Panno.
Decorations were in red, white and blue,
the American fla.g being predominant.
Those invited to meet Miss Panno were:
Miss Atkins, Mips Ruthrauff, Miss Liillle.
Miss Young, Miss Wallace, Miss Daly,
Miss Norrls and Miss Williams.
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Tillle Lobe and Julius Goldsmith. The
wedding will take place June 1 and will
be strictly private.
The engagement of Miss Lillian Roths
child and Edward Laventhal of Los An
geles Is announced.
Miss Fannie Frank and Meyer Gold
smith will receive this Sunday, May 29,
and Friday, June 3. at the home of Mrs.
Etta Frank, 1023 Vallejo street.
The engagement Is announced of Simon
B. Hamburger (who has recently taken
up his residence In San Francisco) and
Miss Clare Scblndler of Boston, Mass.
Miss Schindler is a daughter of the well
known Solomon Schindler of that city.
Mr. Hamburger is a son of D. J. Ham
burger of Albany, N. Y.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Mllltken an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Hattie to George S. Evans, who has been
for a number of years connected with the
Southern Pacific Company. The wedding
will take place in June.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Louisa Riegelhuth of Alameda and Emil
Hlldebrand of San Francisco.
Charles B. Gould announces the engage
ment of his daughter. Mary Louise, to
Delevan B. Bowley. The wedding is set
for Wednesday evening, June 8, at the
residence of Mrs. John. M. Williamson,
SOI Devlsadoro street. The ceremony will
be witnessed by relatives and a few in
timate friends. The young couple have
planned to spend their honeymoon In
making a tour of Chicago, Washington,
New York and other points of interest in
the East.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Martha Petsch and William H. McNulty.
The wedding will take place during the
latter part of June.
Home Qatherirvgs.
A very enjoyable party took place at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. James
Gorevan last Thursday afternoon, the oc
casion being a surprise In honor of their
grandson, James. Fine music was in at
tendance during the afternoon, and vari
ous selections were rendered A bounti
ful repast was served, after which music
and games were resumed.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Keppler gave a very
pleasant reception to tJielr many friends
last Saturday, to eeletVnte their crystal
wedding. The parlors .were beautifully !
decorated with greens and choice Mowers.
The host and hostess were the recipients ]
of many beautiful gifts.
Miss Dottie Stamer was the recipient of ,
an enjoyable surprise party, tendered to j
her by her many friends, at her residence,
418 Folsom street. Thursday evening. May
lf<. . The guests were entertained dufing
the evening by several operatic selections, i
Miss Maria Leonard ami Miss Rosette i
Schmidt performed several fancy dances.
Vocal solos were rendered by Miss Dottie ]
Stamer, and recitations by Miss R. j
Schmidt. Professor de Luei gave several
piano solos. After the games and danc
ing an elaborate supper was served. ''
Club Parties.
The eleventh musicale and hop given by !
the McKenzle Musical Society was held !
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Thursday even
ing.
It was a Jolly party that assembled in
Judson's Hal) in Noe Valley on Friday
evening lant, the occasion being the cele
bration of the first of a scries of social
gatherings to take place monthly. The
ball was beautifully draped In the nation
al colors, and flags and bunting were dis
played everywhere. Patriotic songs were
rendered by the entire party with much
spirit. Music, recitations, games and
dancing were followed by refreshments,
after which the fun was continued Into
the wee sma' hours. The affair was voted
a great success. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. A. P. Davles, Mr. and Mrs. C.W.
Goodwin, Mr. anil Mrs. C. E. Goodfriend,
Mr and Mrs. S. Seiler, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Nounnan. Mrs. J. Keogh, Mrs. Hicks.
Mrs Tillie Perrlns, the Misses Lydla
Perrins, Carrie Howe. Minnie J. Judson,
Sadie MrLaughlan, Emily Lewis, Nettie
A JudFon, Marie Bellocq. Mary Cooney.
Miss Paulson, May O'Brien, Edna Hicks,
Mary Hicks, and Messrs. Almon G. Hinck
THE SAX FRAISTCISCO CALL, STTNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
ley, Frank W. Judson, Arthur O. John
son, Frank E. Short, Charles A. Waring,
Clarence E. Judson, P. Bellocq, Thomas
L. Lewis and Byron McDonald.
A number of talented musical people
accompanied by the Castro Heights Mu
sical Club made a trip out to the Alms
house Thursday evening. May 19, to en
tertain the Inmates of the home. Among
those who composed the party were Miss
M. Smith. Miss A. Smith, Miss B. Barker,
Miss I. Bentfeldt. L. SJoval. Mrs. G. H.
Alden. Mrs. W. Margo, Mrs. W. O. Bar
ker. Messrs. E. Smith, G. H. Alden. J. S.
Egan. C. Le Long, L. Klein, W. Wise, F.
Glanlnl, W. Wilson, C Kernhard, A. Ma
honey, W. Raisch, and Mrs. Wade.
Tav>err\ of Jamalpais.
Among the late arrivals at the Tavern
of Tamalpais are George A. Batchelder
and wife, Doris Batchelder, Richard N.
Batchelder. E. F. Alexrold. J. P. Amos,
Miss E. Wilson, W. C. Wilson, Mrs. N.
J. Kitt ridge, Mrs. J. W. Drew, Roy T.
Kimball, B. H. Taylor, James Gillon, Mrs.
L. A. Phelps, C. W. Fox and wife, Nellie
Fox, Julius Gutte, Minnie Rlcker, Mr. and
Mrs. C. N. Jones, B. R. Fraser, Beatrice
Cook, Miss F. J. Sutherland, Mrs. S. B.
Clark, W. P. Sutton, Mrs. W. D. Sperl,
Jacob Tyson, Thomas Young, L. B. Ed
wards, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Harris, Helen
W. Pendleton, Charles M. Dv Bois, Mrs.
C. L. Hunter, Miss B. M. Fowler. Mrs. I.
N. Fowler, Mrs. A. J. Adams, Mrs. Elmer
Washburn, Dr. and Mrs. Alexander, J.
P. Stockwell. Charles F. Lumis, W. C.
Hutchinson, Mrs. Hutchinson, Miss Laura
Ilutchinson, Miss M. A. Owens, Miss L.
D. Owens, T. W. Hill. R. A. Parker. R.
B. Parker, Mr. and Mrs. F. Howard See
ley, J. R. Foster, Mr. and Mrs. J. Tracy,
A. L. Landsburger, Miss Cella Prager,
Miss Ray Prager, Mr. and Mrs. A. Hey
nomann," Miss Lottie ColHnson, Mr. and
Mrs. 11. W. Spalding, Mr. and Mrs. C. W.
Spaldlng. Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Clark,
Miss Hanbens, C. Thompson, J. L.
Peirce. Scott McDonald, Loris Dickman,
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar H. Curtaz, James W.
Kirk wood, Miss Daisy Simpson. J. 11.
Medau, Miss Mclrvin, Mr. and Mrs. A. M.
Taylor. Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Norton and
wife, Mrs. H. Hume. W. O. H. Martin.
Mrs. W. O. H. Martin, Dr. H. T. V,lse
and many others.
Springs.
I.ate arrivals at Aetna Springs Include:
William Weil and wife. Prescott H. Saw
yer, Mrs. W. Hlnkle, San Francisco; Miss
j. Patton, Alameda; William Woon, Hon
olulu- George P. Thomas. San Francisco;
L R Case, Peconlc, N. V.; Count Boc
nueraz Paris; Mrs. B. M. Chabot. Miss
Josephine ChaDOt, Miss Claire Chabot.
Miss Catherine Chabot, Oakland; Mr.
Barnard, St. Helena; E. P. Taylor, F. S.
Osgood. Oakland; William Kirk. Mrs.
* arrie S. Boothe, Miss Florence Boothe,
Miss Virginia Dallashlde, Napa; George
B Crandall. Alameda; Mrs. Jessie E.
Couch. Chicago; Mrs. J. W. Sink. Rock
ford- Mrs J. Caplis. San Francisco: Miss
Madge Sink, Rockford; Walter Sink and
wife St. Helena; E. W. Williams, San
Francisco; Charles E. Snook, Alameda;
W W Wade, wife and child. Frederick
Vail Owen, P. A. Murphy, San Francisco.
JVlount VieW.
The season at the Mount View, Ross
Station, was opened on the 14th inst. The
guests have inaugurated a series of en
tertainments for the next three months
which promise to eclipse that of last sea
son and make this an enjoyable success.
The young people's cakewalk, given on
the 21st, was a very Jolly affair. Among
those registered for the st;uson are: J. T.
Gaynor and family, Mr. Buckingham and
LET US "REMEMBER THE MAINE"
SOME of the good people of Massachusetts have
thought best to petition Secretary of the Navy-
John D. Long:
As the ostensible and only Justifiable motive for
entering upon the war with Spain was the deliver
ance of a neighboring people and ourselves from
relations to them that had become intolerable, we
wish to express our abhorrence of the spirit of ven
geance manifested in such a war cry as •■Remember
the Maine," and beg you to refuse to purchase
goods of any kind carrying this motto, and in all
ways to discourage and discountenace the use or
this motto or any other calculated to foster the
spirit of savagery against which we are contending.
How our good people view such a movement can
be Judged by the following, selected at random from
hundreds of opinions:
John Harrison Macomber, Post Chaplain, TJ. S. A.
While I believe that the Spanish are responsible"
for the destruction of the Maine I still think that the
chief object of this war is to establish the principles
of humanity and Justice rather than to revenge our
selves for that most tragic breach of national faith.
Personally I cannot say that I approve of the use of
"Remember the Maine" as a war cry or a motto, since
It tends to make the present conflict seem revengeful
rather than purely patriotic.
E. W. Marston, Oakland.
If there is anything in the world that true Ameri
cans ought to remember and be continually reminded
of it is the tragedy of the Maine. We cannot say nor
hear too much about it either on the battlefields or
here at home. Let us hear those three words In war
cries and see them on badges and buttons until this
war ends in victory for the Stars and Stripes, which
we all love and honor.
Attorney Eugene F. Bert.
My idea is that it is the Maine incident which is
the prime cause of the intense war feeling which pre
vails throughout the United States; in the minds of
the great mass of the people the Cuban matter is quite
secondary. It is right and just that Cuba should be
freed from oppression and tyranny, but to the rank
and file of our brave soldiers and marines the thought
of their brothers murdered in cold blood in a pre
sumably friendly harbor means more than anything
else. "Remember the Maine" should be our war cry,
for with those words ringing in their ears our soldiers
will fight as men only fight for those near and dear
to them, and war means fighting, and the harder our
men fight the quicker the war will be over with honor
to our country. We owe it to ourselves and the men
of the Maine not only to remember but to avenge
them.
C. 0. Burton, Grand Secretary American Legior. of
Honor.
In every war there has always been a battle cry,
and as this, for reasons the justice of which no one
can doubt, has become ours, we might as well keep it.
The men who are doing the fighting think it appro
priate and expressive and we for whom they are fight
ing ought not to try to interfere with them in this
regard. Perhaps it does sound a bit revengeful, but
we are only human, and our hearts have been mightily,
wife, H. B. Smith and family, Charles
Rosenbaum and wife, Frank KlnkerlJne
and wife, J. C. Nolan and wife, Mr. Kolm
and wife, Mrs. Brown, Mr. Fricker, Miss
Charlotte Fricker, Miss Florence Lussy,
Miss Minnie Schwabacker, Miss Edith
Brown, Miss Mollle Riggs, Miss Hilda
Sachs, F. J. Harper, E. J. Vogel. E. W.
Schluetter, Sanford Sachs, A. J. Buckley,
Charles Hogne, Clarence King, J. M c-
Bride and E. Wallace.
Bartlett Springs.
The following guests are registered at
the Bartlett Springs Hotel: W. Scheld
and wife, George E. Brewer, F. Lazzarini,
C. L. Phillips, E. H. Green, Miss Cox,
Sacramento; Miss L. Fay, Samuel Mc-
Fadden, W. Schroeder, F. Spreen, F. B.
Hatch, John McCarthy, Rev. P. F. Casey,
Rev. P. R. Lynch, Henry Hayes, R. Me-
Murray, W. F. Britt, Mrs. John Witch
man, A. Montgomery and wife, A. Rad
dich, E. C. Auld and wife, John Son?. A.
F. Baumgartner, S. H. Hamlin, J. A. Fill
more, J. Mlrkowitch, San Francisco; F.
Salz, Decoto; Henry Frickinger, Redding;
S. S. Russell, Lakeport; G. W. Mcrritt
and wife, Woodland; Frank Phillips, Miss
Ida May Jaeger, Chicago; G. R- Eck
hardt and wife. Marysville; A. J. Lan
drum, Santa Clara; W. H. Preston, An
nette R. Lohry, Colusa; B. J. Turner,
Hanford; H. I. Conklin, Weavervllle.
Paso ptables.
Among the late arrivals at Paso Roblea
are: Mrs. E. S. Garrett, Mrs. J. T. Gibbs,
Mr. and Mrs. James Hogge, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. D. E. Martin, Oakland; Mrs.
Folger and maid, Mrs. George W. Cook,
P. Goodman, Mrs. E. JL. Mcßryd<>. Alex
ander Mcßryde and T. H. B. Mcßryde,
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. J. O'Brien
and boy, Kings City; J. D. McCarthy, San
Francisco; A. L. Seammon Lee, Hollister;
R. D. McQuiddy, J. W. Shaw and Master
Finn, W. T. Bogen. Mr. and Mrs. H.
Sehussler and Miss L. Schussler, A. Lipp
man, San Francisco; Georere Brown. Hol
lister; H. P. O'Reilly, FatTler P. Scanlan,
J. D. Purnelly and family. Clarence Epp
steln. San Francisco; Mrs. B. Ailsworth,
Chicago; H. Eppinger Jr.. Mrs. Kimbell,
Mrs. Laura Cousins and daughter, B.
Lower and wife and Miss Phillip, San
Francisco.
Laurel Dell.
During the past week the following
persons have registered at Laurel Dell:
J. W. Higglns, Stockton; James T. O'Cpn
nor, Frank E. Sawyer, T. F. Kennedy,
I,eo K. Kennedy. Miss Hirsrhey, J. \V.
Armath and wife, A. M. Sussman and
wife, Fred Glass, Edward Pearson and
wife, San Francisco; F. W. Taylor and
wife and child. Miss H. Huggins, Eliza
FOLLOWED HER HURBAND
TO EXILE AND DEATH
I DIE standing or I fall with honor."
It was no stern military man who
took those words for life-blazon. My
first recollections of the speaker
bring before me a picture which
Rubens would have loved to paint; a
queenly beauty in a rich, artistic
frame, a woman whose Juno-like throat
rose, white and seductive amid her dra
peries of yellow satin and black lace,
whose prematurely white hair was
worn as a crown of glory, and who
swept across her salon with welcoming
white hands and the air of the aid
French regime. For the moment I for
got the whispered tales of heroism I
had heard and only thought of my
hostess as one who would have graced
a throne. In after days, when our lives
were knit in one of the closest intima
cies that can befall two of the same
sex, I learned that beneath those grace
fully worn draperies beat not only the
heart of a tender woman but the heart
of a soldier.
Tears before-, when France was pass
ing through her great throes of an
guish, Juliette RastouPs beautiful face
had gladdened the terror-stricken, the
wounded and the dying. Through the
appalling days of the Invasion, the
siege of Paris and the Commune, she
was to be seen by the side of her hus
band, the eminent surgeon, wherever a
woman's deft touch, a woman's cheer
ing smile and a woman's keen sym
pathy could relieve suffering. A first
union— the union of a child-wife, or
dered from the convent to the altar
had taught her that wealth and luxury
do not necessarily bring heart's ease,
and now, hand in hand with a man she
adored, she labored in the oause of pa
triotism at a time when most women
seek seclusion and persona! comfort.
At length the crucial moment came
and the hour of mortal agony rang out
for Paris and for Juliette Rastoul; she
faced the perils of childbirth alone^
while the husband whom she had*
helped to save others was struggling
, V
(
stirred during this past quarter of a year, bo we are
excusable if .we show a little human feeling in this ,
matter. For my part I say keep the Maine's memory p
green, and don't let our soldiers or marines or our *
civilians forget it even if they would. -;i(
Attorney General W. F. Fitzgerald. ; C
I have neither the time nor the patience to discuss C
such euper-senlimentalism. That citizen is no patriot d
who does not desire to avenge the wanton destruction (.
of our gallant battleship and her brave crew. There s
is no place under the Stars and Stripes for that sol- ,
dier or sailor to whom "Remember the Maine" is not ■;
a spontaneous battle cry. S
A. W. Barrett, Adjutant General California.
Every shot that this country whirls into the army
and navy of Spain will make them "remember the Q
j. F. Burgin, Lieutenant Colonel and Aid de Camp. (j
This is a war for humanity and a revenge for (j
treachery. "Remember the Maine." » - ,
Colonel J. J. Lyon, G. A. R.; C. J. Handley, P. <;
C, Lincoln Post; J. Karminsky, ; T(i
P. P. C, Garfield Post. «
Again we hear in our streets the sounds of war, ('
the beat of drum, the tread oX martial columns, and (j
from far off seas have echoed the boom of cannon (-,
victoriously avenging national insult and criminal (i
treachery in a distant harbor. The fate of the Maine ->
has fired the hearts of our countrymen and in every V
battle where one blow is struck to free Cuba another (i
will be struck in memory of the men who were not ('
privileged to die fighting. "Remember the Maine" is Q
a war cry that will live in history and true patriots *
will echo it all over the land until victory is ours. . b
Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
It Is not my business to fight nor my place to direct q
our fighters, but most certainly if I were a soldier or q
a marine I should cry "Remember the Maine." .
. J. B. Stetson. *j
Such a petition ought to have and assuredly will ,
have no weight whatever. "Remember the Maine" .
should be shouted from one end of our land to the *
other, and none of us should ever forget the destruc- <5
tion of that gallant ship and her brave crew. (<
Rev. W. E. Dugan, Stewart Memorial Presbyterian C 1C 1
i Church. * ' d
"While I do not take issue with the United States, 0
yet I think it would have been better for us to have (<
fought Spain upon the issue of the Maine rather than ,<;
the freedom of Cuba. ; In my mind the Maine was q
deliberately blown up, and this war ought to be to,,
teach Spain that she cannot trifle with America —
Old Glory stands for, liberty and union now and for- G
ever, one and inseparable, and that those \ stars will 0
i burn with glory when the name of Spain is a by-word ;(
of contempt. 'itri£ _ . B1 (
The Boys in Blue. ■ ,
We will fight for Cuba with all our might, but we (
will carry with us in our hearts all through this war /
(■ the memory of the Maine.
beth Huggins. Berkeley; Charles Smith
Jr., Sam E. Blodes, Uklah.
Highland Springs.
The past week's arrivals at Highland
Springs are: W. Brewster Valentin© and
wife, San Jose; Percy E. Haslett and
wife, Alam'eda; G, H. Armes, Oakland; J.
S Craig, Woodland; R. H. Davis, Oak
land- C. H. Watt and wife, Albert A.
Grunenger and wife, Arthur Gunn Jr., F.
C Hotaling, H. W. Woodward, Mrs. 8.
M. Ware, W. R. Lett, S. Berwin, R. Ber
wln, Mrs. Anne Harsey. San Francisco.
Personals.
Mrs. James Howard is the guest of Mrs.
Joseph Austin.
Mr. and Mrs. Pelham Ames and family
leave on Monday to go camping at Ross
Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Dwyer are in Port
land, Or., guests at the Hotel Oregon.
Harry Mendelson of Santa Rosa has
gone to Nevada for his health.
Mrs. Henry Flnnegass returned home
last Tuesday after a delightful visit of
two months spent In Washington, D. C.
Mrs. D. Wolf (nee Bearwald) will re
ceive at her mother's residence Monday
afternoon from 2 to 5 previous to leaving
for the south.
Mrs. Sol Getz. accompanied by her
daughter Maybelle and son Harold, have
gone to Lake County for a few weeks.
Mrs. B. I. Barnett of 1325 Octavia street
will discontinue her day at home during
the summer months.
Mrs. Charles E. Blake and daughters.
Miss Blako and Miss Jessica Blake, have
just returned from an eight months' tour
of the Eastern cities.
Miss Lida L. Talcott is spending a few
days in Sebastopol, the guest of Mrs. M.
W. Parr.
Mrs. 1,. E. Wilson returned to Lafayette
yesterday. During her stay here she was
the guest of Mrs. Holt.
Miss Kate Splivalo left Saturday for a
visit to Philadelphia and New York, to
be gone several months.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Harerl will leave for
New York on Tuesday next, and sail for
Europe in a few weeks.
General Thomas M. Anderson and Mrs.
Anderson were recently the guests of Mrs.
I. S. Van Winkle at her home, 2319 Scott
street. General Anderson left on the Aus
tralia Tuesday for Manila.
Mrs. E. M. Flint is visiting her mother
on California, street.
Mrs. Frank Howe and her little niece,
Genevieve A. Ames, have gone to Santa
Cruz for the summer.
Mrs. M. A. Rogers and son, George
May Rogers, are in New York. In the
near future they expect to go abroad, vis
iting the principal cities of England,
France and Ireland.
for his country amid the wails of the
dying Commune. To her this seemed
but a little sacrifice; France, at such a
time, was more important than the
wife and mother; but when, four days
later, news came of Dr. Rastoul's ar
rest the supremacy of the wife asserted
itself. Defying ordinary prudence, she
rose from her sickbed, wrapped her
babe to her bosom, bid her children by
the first marriage cling to her, and sal
lied forth, in the strength of her weak
ness and her love, to seek her husband
in the Jaws of death.
By what persuasive power, by what
pathetic courage she won her way past
all obstacles perhaps she alone could
have told. There is something in the
eight of a young mother pleading for
her babe's father which appeals to
ever}' mother's son, and beauty is a
precious gift when bestowed on a wise
woman. Before sunset Mme. Rastoul
found herself outside Paris gazing
wild-eyed at a sinister group — a victim
bound to a tree while soldiers stood,
ready to fire at the word of command.
Suddenly a passionate cry rang
through the air: "Stop! That man is
my husband, and you shall not kill
him."
The startled soldiers turned angTily
to confront a madonna group; a wo
man, pale from illness, glorified by love,
her nursling at her breast and two
scared children clinging to her skirts.
"Back," they protested, sulkily, "this
Is no place for you."
"My place is by his side; he has only
lived to save others, he shall be saved
in turn; take me to your captain!"
"Back woman!" And half a dozen
bayonets pressed on her soft bosom.
Her arms only tightened round the
babe.
"Kill me If you please; I am a French
woman; I die standing, not fleeing!
But while you leave life in me I protest
against that murder. Take me to your
captain."
After all she was a French woman,
with her love for sole offense. They
took her to the captain.
And Dr. RastouPs reprieve was won.
Then came week after week of weary
watching and wandering, of attending
trials, struggling with hopes and fears,
and following from afar the fortunes
.. . i
ADVEBTISEMENTS^ ■
I-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+BH
BY PEREMPTORY ORDER OF
THE TRUSTEES!
LIQUIDATION
THE TRUSTEES HAVING DECIDED TO
AT ONCE PAY OFF
The Entire Balance of Our
Indebtedness
IA/E ARE COMPELLED
TO TURN INTO READY CASH
OUR MAMMOTH STOCK OF
SPRING and SUMMER
DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS!
EVERYTHING MARKED DOWN TO
PRICES TO FORCE HEAVY SALES !
REMEMBER THE DATE.
DON'T MISS THE OPENING BARGAINS.
S^- STORE CLOSED MONDAY, MAY 30th— DECORATION DAY.
[Flf Murphy Bulldlnar. ■» [rlf Murphy Building, Jr
Mariet ani Jones Streets. Mariet anil Jones Streets.
of a beloved prisoner. At length the
doctor was lodged in the grim fortress
of the Isle de Re, amid the rough wat
ers of the Bay of Biscay. As a patriot.
his position was scarcely enviable, yet
he had that to cheer him which falls
to the lot of few prisoners— the sup
porting consciousness of perpetual,
brooding love. For to that dreary isl
and Juliette Rastoul had followed him
with her babe and little daughter.
Lodged in a poor fisherman's hut, par
taking of the fisherman's meager fare,
her daily life was spent in tramping
aro-und the fort, in rain, wind or sun
shine, for the sake of catching an occa
sional glimpse of the beloved face, of
letting a father's eyes rest now and
again on his little one. The baby
eventually died of undue exposure, and
the mother never forgave herself; but
by her indefatigable love she had re
newed the life of a man who had lost
hope for his country and for himself.
At length the final fiat went forth.
Dr. Rastoul was exiled to New Cale
donia. From that moment his wife
had but one object in life— to follow him
into exile. Possibly she may have
sometimes missed the wealth which in
early years she had valued so lightly,
for money would have smoothed many
difficulties. But her indomitable will
sufficed. Selling everything she poss
essed, she realized enough for her many
expenses, and stood one day with her
children in Havre harbor the only free
woman on board a ship of female con
victs, bound for New Caledonia. But
at the last moment an unlooked-for
Impediment arose. The relatives of
her first husband asserted legal guar
dianship of the children, as Portu
guese subjects, and refused to sanction
their removal from France.
Leave her children behind? Juliette
Rastoul would* not entertain the pro
posal fr.-r a second. Stay away from
her banished husband? The mere sug
gestion was monstrous! For three
days this extraordinary woman con
trived to delay a Government ship
while her lawyers wore out the tele
graph wires fighting for her right of
motherhood; and the female prisoners
prayed and wept in sympathy. "I
don't know what the secret of the
wonderful power was," said her son
once, referring to that vividly remem
bered time, "but I honestly believe
there wasn't a woman on board who
wouldn't have given her life for my
mother's happiness."
Love prevailed once more, and after
six months of lonely exile Dr. Rastoul
welcomed a comrade wife such as few
men can boast of and two children who
were dear to him as his own.
His political offenses had been very
trivial and he was allowed the inde
pendence of a medical man, practicing
his profession. Their modest little
house in Noumea became an active cen
ter of kindly benevolence and an ideal
life seemed dawning for the banished
pair. Do you know Noumea, with its
sensuous, tropical atmosphere, its low,
white-washed homes, set about with
aromatic blossoms, its picturesque na
tives, violet-blue lagoon and back
ground of many tinted hills? At a
first glance it seems the spot par ex
cellence for a lover's retreat. But, alas,
it has a background other than that
of the peaceful, purple-pink hills; its
calm life has a hideous undercurrent
made evident by processions of misera
ble men in clanking chain and fetter,
and happy thoughts are dashed by the
remembrance of scenes dally enacted
behind stone walls. Dr. Rastoul and
his wife were not people to enjoy life
recklessly while their countrymen lan
guished in captivity, and soon It be
came notorious that unwonted small
comforts were finding their way to
weary, half-starved prisoners; myster
ious pipes were smoked surreptitiously,
mysterious delicacies revived appetites
upon which a diet of rice palled; books
or papers suddenly cheered eyes whose
intellectual light seemed to have set.
Worst of all. letters that had not seen
prison supervision were said to have
reached their destination. Officials be
gan to say, hesitatingly, that they
must make a stand for authority; of
ficials' wives, not beautiful, themselves,
protested earnestly that a woman's
good looks were no evidence in her
favor. At length, one morning, the
storm broke and with much display of
uniform and flourish of revolver. Dr.
Rastoul wets arrested in his own house.
"What have I done?" he queried, In
astonishment.
"Well, ah hum, not exactly anything;
fact is, we're afraid of that wife of
yours; she's plotting some mischief— so
Just you march off."
"They think they will starve us, I
suppose," quoth Juliette Rastoul, con
Continued on Pasre 32.
-_- ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦
♦ Mrs. Nettle Harrison's 4-day Hair ♦
♦ Restorer restores the natural color to +
i ► gray or faded hair quickly, perman-
i > ently and without inconvenience or dis- +
i> agreeable aftereffects. Not a dye; no A
< ► stickiness, and no sediment. All 4k
0 druggists, $1.00
< >»♦♦»»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»»»{ I
|| Gray Hair
i Gone I
< >♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦♦»♦♦»<
< J Superfluous Hair <>
J Permanently removed by the Electric 1 [
X Needle as operated by me. T
Z MRS. NETTIE HARRISON <►
4 • DERMATOLOGIST J
♦ 40-42 Geary St. San Francisco ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦»{
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
k&jjMP^IW FREE. FREE.
H^^^aPHßls permanently removed by th»
Kx>3SAllfiß Philadelphia Electrolysis Com-
l^'T'm J pany, Donohoe I^uiliilng, 1170
K3|O^MMark«t street, cor. Taylor, rooms
Hagy -^S* - s ' 29 - wlth the Electric Needle.
tUEJ .. —"^Mwlthout pain or Bcur. $1 60 a half
MDBttfgff^Hliour thin month; flm sitting
i VHMHHi FREE. Hours. 1 to 4 p. m.BICYCLE GIRLS AND THEIR SUMMER ROAD GOWNS
NEW YORK, May 27.— The bicycle
girl of '9S will be a beauteous
creature. ' •.•:'*'
Last year she was new; the
year before she was newer; and
. the year before she was newest.
This year she is settled and she knows
how to dress herself.
Bicycle dresses were bizarre two years
ago and last season they were not much
better. But the bicycle styles this year
are all that can be desired. They are
really beautiful creations,, such as one
would not hesitate to wear anywhere.
In traveling: through New England last
fall I was surprised to notice how many
women wore bicycle dresses. On the
cars, on the boat and journeying by stage
and over land, the bicycle dress was the
rule and the long skirt the exception. It
was really refreshing to note how these
New England ladies stepped on and off
the railroad trains without getting entan
gled in a long skirt. It was delightful to
see how easily they handled their bag
gage without cumbersome folds to
bother them. After a little practice with
the . iort skirt one becomes really grace
ful, and it is safe to say that the long
traveling skirt has been banished from
New England forever.
Would that this might be the rule in
other parts .if the country. In August on
a Lining hot day what is more refresh
ing than the Bight of a young woman in
trim bicycle skirt with natty low shoes
and comfortable blouse waist? And what
is more enjoyable to the young woman
herself than such a. traveling garb?
I noticed last week on a train going to
Lenox, that fashionable Mecca for
wealthy New Yorkers, a young woman in
a traveling suit which caught my eye at
once. It was so "fit." The skirt was made
of a very light weight wool goods with a
fine dot .scattered over it and through it.'
The waist was of the same material with
straps and belt of thin white patent
Wther. The hat was a Tarn of leather
and cloth with plumes stuck in one side.
But the neatest thing was the adjust
ment of the skirt. This consisted of a row
of large smoked pearl buttons set at In
tervals of three inches ■ around- the hips.
Connecting the buttons and the belt was
a little silver chain. This chain on being
pulled atone side would lift the skirt un
til it was of convenient bicycle length.
I saw another, later, which had links in-
Ftead of buttons, the silver chain running
through the links. This struck me as be
ing more reliable, as the chain could not
slip off the rings as easily as it could off
the buttons. \
The bloomer bicycle gir! is almost gone;
but not quite. You still see her. She
wears very large bloomers which are so
arranged that when she stands you would
scarcely notice that they were not skirts.
Indeed, you would hardly" notice that fact
even when she rides.' The bloomers are
each two yards around and are brought
up and hooked around the leg in Turkish
trous.;r fashion. They are gathered
around the belt with gcdet in the back so
t.iat really you would not be conscious of
the bloomer. The divided skirt and
bloomer tfifter from each other only in
tn , a .t T - L e b mer hooks around the knee
while the divided skirt falls open.
The suk shirt waist will be worn largely
V ,£ Whee V, \° 1J can get a quality of
silk that really does wash. It is a china
si:k. such as is used in men's neckties It
launders perfectly. The shirt waist is
:::ade with large sleeves and rather close
£»£$ n°C\ Se - Avold makln a shirt waist
with full blouse for the wheel. The wind
inflates the blouse and produces a most
ludicrous effect, similar to that of a bal
loon on a bicycle.
Have the waist as blouse as you please,
i«Sm?m« c '° se at < the sides and back and
JetUt blouse only In the front.
There is a very trim skirt for the cen
tury rider or for those who like to spend
a grrat deal of time upon the wheel It
buttons at the side, concealing a volumin
pus.pocket. This skirt is very Bhon and
is of a dust color. Quartz gray is an ex
cellent shade for a bicycle skirt, sis it pos-'
Itlyely does not show mud or dust This
fckirt is lined with a bright scarlet which
?w™~ very rnumental on the wheel.
uidaN T tJ Scarl<lt show as the bicyclist
pedals, her way along the roads.
*•'': tV\ say what you will about the
'oth^-PkotT o^-. but after all. there is
notWng hke the shirt waist. A little jack
bars lk*hl ™lll l Ca:i be tied on th e handle
bars to be put on in case of shower or if
a cool breeze springs up. But for regular
cycling nothing will do except the shirt
wafst. fciuri
The newest things in bicycle suits are
the dresses fn which more attention is
tSa'-RTh? UninS than , t0 the dress?^
terial. liis is positively true of all the
imported suits, and all those that are
row attracting attention in Central Park.
These dresses are the very acme of style
and are so chic in effect that you could
not help (topping to admire them. Their
length i.s about to the calf of the log- and
their color is a dull shade of brown or
gray or blue. Nothing very brilliant Is
worn. But when it cornea to the lining
it is a BCerent mati • ■
One of these dresses seen that sun-
Bhiny Sunday a week ago was of new'
leaf green goods, lined with violiene near
tilk. A .irt waist of violiene China siik
was worn, and over it set a little jacket
with a very short ripple around the waist
The ripple was lined with violiene taf
feta.
The hat was of green, with a scarlet
bird with purple tall-feathers. The gloves
were white.
This tume, while not at all startling
in effect, was very becoming, and was one
of the prettiest seen that Sunday in a
long array of fashionable riders.
Tt is quite the thing to have your stock
ings match your dress skirt. This, if the
match be good, is a very excellent idea,
fis it gives the appearance of leggings
without the cumbersomeness of the same.
With a steel gray skirt and steel gray
stockings the young woman can cycle in
black tics without attracting half the at
tention which she would if she wore black
chocs and stockings, as the contrast be
twern stockings and skirt is very great.
Taffeta linings in bicycle skirts are a
plague. They tear so soon and hang in
long fringes around the feet. And here a
COMPLEXIONS FOR
THE SUMMER GIRL
SUMMER is coming, girls, and with
it some fine, beautiful coats of tan
\\ and any number of freckles for
<2i == >7 the girl upon whom Old Sol casts
his loving beams at the seashore
I and in the mountains. And now is the
time— right now— for the summer girr to
lay in a supply of cold cream and harm
less lotiona, with which to down these
abominations, that cause so much un
happiness to the feminine heart.
\v<- all of us adore beauty, and seek as
siduously ways and means of acquiring
It. We always have and we always will.
We may to.s.s our heads in a superior,
toploftical sort of way and say that if we
had our choice we would rather have- in
tellect than beauty, but we don't mean it,
and, bless your heart! every one knows
we don't. Why, even Mme. de Stael com
plained that "the ancients evinced no
preference for women except for thoir
beauty," and confessed that she would
give half her knowledge for personal
charms; and Mohammed, that shrewd
observer of human nature, held out as a
chief inducement to the faithful that in
his paradise would be found only the most
perfect beauties. ,
And so, girls, it behooves you all to be
as beautiful as you may, and to be beau
tiful you must in the first place be
healthy The blood must be kept, in a
perfect condition of purity, which can be j
done by paying strict attention to the
diet, exercising as much as possible in
the open air and keeping the skin abso
lutely clean. But I could write a column
lion each one of these subjects.
" However, to return to the summer girl.
In the first place, let mo warn her against
all patent devices for- the improvement of
the skin or hair. Nearly all hair dy.es are
poisonous and dangerous, and most face
powders contain bismuth or lead. _ Every
fvoman should have upon her dressing ta
il* a. jax at KQpa^ £ux« oelA cream* X «&qJ
word of caution must be spoken. Should
these silk iinirigs ever show a tendency
to catch in the pedals or in the wheels,
push hard and you will find the silk will
{rive, and so you can save yours- If a fall.
It is much better, however, to take the
ounce of prevention than, the pound of
cure, and before you start examine your
facings to be sure that they are firm.
It would be pleasant to say that the
sailor and the Alpine were as fashionable
as the Tarn, because the sailor is so natty
"and the Alpine is so comfortable; but,
when all is told, you must admit that the
Tarn is seen fully three times as much
as the others put together.
The secret of the Tarn's popularity can
be traced to its economy. Anybody with
a grain of ingenuity con make- a Tarn out
of a "wheel" of cloth and an old brim.
It requires no trimmiti- exc< !>t a nuill at
one side, which can be stuck smartly
forward. A dozen Tarns are not too many
to carry a girl through the bicycle season,
onf> to match every shirt waist. It is de
lightful that those hats can be so easily
and cheaply made, for a hat certainly
sets off a "face and figure better if it
harmonizes with the waist in some way.
* * •
(^ TAXDIXG all day on her feet
N where her work must be done Is
C^-J) one of the hardest tasks a working
woman encounters. Unless she is
dressed properly this position may cause
rioua trouble. Lame, acning ankles
and feet are oftener the fault of a tight
corset than of tight shoes. The corset
dislocates the organs in the pelvis, caus
ing them to press upon the great nerves
and blood vessels which go to the feet,
making them most painful.
There Is a shoe which can be bought
for $4. with very low heel and broad,
square toes, which is called the "nurse's
shoe" and is much worn by nurses in the
hospitals. It is not a "thing of beauty,"
but it is a "Joy forever" in its proper
place. The heels and soles of this shoe
are made to stand upon, and the body
Is balanced with this in view. When the
wearer cramps the. foot or raises the
heel till all the weight rests on the ball
of the foot, the entire body is out of
balance and must be kept upright by
using up the muscular and nervous force
intended to be usf-<l for such work, hence
the consequent fatigue.
The round-toed shoe has not come to
stay; the new shoes from the East grow
more pointed. There is a brown patent
leather shoe having brown cloth top,
which is rather expensive, but which has
good style.
If you cannot live without a corset, the
very short French ones are less harmful
and give a better figure than the long
ones.
There Is a girdle which worn with
shirt waist and skirt is quite as satis
factory. The waist ends in a stout band
with buttonholes for the tapes, which
button on to the girdle both back and
front. The skirt has corresponding
buttonholes. Euttoned neatly under a
belt there is no -danger of showing safety
pins and slipping skirt.
A lady recently from Japan brought
home some most delightful shirt waists
give you a recipe for one than which there
is none better. It was given me by a wo
man in whose family it has been used for
years. Here it is:
Pure white wax •....■ >& ounce
Spermaceti I*4 ounces
Oil of sweet almonds I*4 ounces
Rose water...: % ounce
Go to work, girls, and make it your
selves. It's a bit troublesome, but with
care there is no reason why it shouldn't
come out all right, and it's" lots of fun
fussing over these things.
Take what housekeepers call a farina
boiler— that is, one kettle- within another.
Take the inside one out and into it break
the white wax and spermaceti. Add your
oil of almonds and set- the kettle back
inside the other, which should contain
boiling water. Don't let them get too
hot, and stir with a silver spoon ' until
the three ingredients are thoroughly . in
corporated.
Remove from the fire and add the rose
water drop by drop, while the mixture is
hot, as the rose water will not mix after
the oils begin to cool. Boat briskly un
til it fluffs up like tne white of an egg.
Then put it into small porcelain jars,
which nave been warmed, and put it away
to cool.
This is both a skin food and cleanser
and will keep it soft and smooth.
For sunburn there is nothing better
than sweet cream. Bathe the face with
it several times and the' redness will soon
die out and the soreness disappear.
Powder the face well with fine starch
or pure powder before going out. This
will prevent sunburn.
Be careful not to bathe the face In cold
water immediately upon coming in.
For the removal of tan- as good a meth
od as any other is to bathe the face in a
wash made of glycerine diluted with lem
on juice. Be careful while using to avoid
exposure to the sun, as the skin is made
more sensitive by its use.
Next week I will give you another recipe
for tan, also one for freckles.
Jliia. JIXOEI A* j
THE SASi FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
of the Japanese silk. The* waists were
laundered and starched, cuffs, collar and
all, just the same as a cotton waist, but
they have a gloss and beauty no cotton
or linen will take. The silk can be
bought in Chinatown here for from 20
to 50 cents. It is 23 inches wide and in
almost any color, check or striped and
plain.
A blue one to be worn with a white
pique skirt had a box plait with two
inch ruffles down the front of the same
silk in white, with a stock and belt also
of the white. One yard of silk will make
the ruffles, stock and belt. The stock
should be made double and lined with
double-faced cotton flannel.
Pass it twice about the neck and tie in
a four-in-hand knot in front. The belt
is also double with the joining in the
middle of- the under side and not at the
edge. Make it long enough to go twice
about the waist and end in a large bow,
■which should be sewed to the end of the
belt.
Pin the free end of the belt under the
arm, covering the pins as you pans the
belt over the end. The bow may lie
pinned in the front, back, at the side or
brought up t<"> where the top of the first
dart would be.
When wearing a white pique skirt, and
they are quite as much in demand this
year as last, the waist should be rather
dark. The belt should be the same in
color as the tie and the band on the
sailor hat.
The organdies with white background
and large natural flower patterns can be
made into very pretty, inexpensive
bureau covers and sofa pillows. Cover
the top of the bureau with white felting
or cotton flannel. Let the organdie be the
exact size and finish all round with a
four-inch ruffle. Fancy stitch the hem of
the ruffle with heavy silk of the
principal brightest shade in the
flowers of the organdie. It must be care
fully washed by rubbing between the
hands, as the threads easily slip out of
place. Dip it In milk to stiffen and iron
wet on the wrong side on a well-padded
ironing board.
• * •
HOW that spring is fully upon us
and the lovers of outdoor sports
are beginning to realize that pro
crastination at this time of the
year is doubly the thief of time, cyclists
are securing their wheels from the dim
recesses of the garret or cellar and are
oiling and polishing them for immediate
use.
The mind of the bicyclienne is occupied
these days with the eternal conflict be
tween the short skirt and the long skirt
and she is trying hard to make up her
mind whether 'twere better to wear leg
gings or gaudy golf stockings.
In the East last season the leggings
and bicycle shoes were almost entirely
discarded. ■ In place of these the golf
stocking and laced shoe was used. It is
claimed that the stocking does not wrin
kle over the dainty ankle of the rider as
do the leggings. Besides, they are very
much cooler and give a prettier shape to
the leg than the wrinkling legging gives.
Golf stockings conducing to a more grace
ful effect will, therefore, probably have
the call.
The popular materials for bicycle cos
tumes this season are Scotch tweeds,
tailor cloth Jn gray and black checks and
tan, navy blue. serge, and for use In the
heat of summer denims and other cotton
materials will be In favor. Skirts will
be worn shorter than last season. The
bloomer will not be worn thjß season.
The, koJckfirbQckqrfl will xepiftCKk It op, tiie
common sense ground that they are more
comrortable and cooler.
A becoming bicycle dress for a slender
woman is made of tan tailor cloth, the
divided skirt, short, circular and very
j full.
The jacket Is made With the blouse ef
fect in both back and front. A blue
shirtwaist and an ascot tie are worn with
this neat costume. A sailor hat with
several quills will "go" best with the cos
tume.
Golf stockings of tan and blue plaid
and tan lace shoes compose the footwear.
The reign of the Norfolk Jacket is not
yet over. It has been worn for several
years, but is still as popular as ever.
The skirt to be worn with the Norfolk
jacket is a short kilt.
This costume is most effective made of
gray tweed or gray and black tailor cloth.
The most fashionable material for both
men and women's bicycle costumes is
navy blue serge with a fine hair stripe of
white. This cloth is best for the cool
spring days. The full divided skirt is
made very short. The jacket is short,
with a tight-fitting back and a fly from.
A white shirtwaist is to be worn with a
white collar, and a tie of white silk com
pletes the natty costume.
For warm spring days and summer cos
tumes of denim and cotton goods will be
in great demand. A dainty way for
these to be made is shown in the pic
ture. . ■
The skirt Is wide and divided. The
jacket is made with a tight-ntting back
and a loose blouse front. It is trimmed
with several rows of white buttons. A
white linen collar is worn with this ana
a belt of white leather.
Oolf stockings of a shade to match the
dress should be worn, and shoes loose and
comfortable.
The hat is a white sailor with a band
of black velvet around the crown and &
large loop of velvet on the left side.
The style of the boulevards of Paris
may ba adopted at the fashionable sum
mer resorts this season, the knickerboc
ker to the knee and the leg bare from
the knee to the top of the dainty half
hose. It is not probable that the cyclist
in fashionable society in the Unitr-d
States will copy it away from the sea
ehore.
Sweaters are no longer worn by either
men or women. They are negligee ana
wretched form.
Male riders will this year be seen in
negligee ehirts with low turn-down col
lars and soft ties. They will wear tho
orthodox bicycle cap or the new style of
felt deerstalker. Otherwise their costume
will be unchanged.
WHEN a woman must spend six
days a week at work in the city,
it is a duty she owes to herself
to get out into the country on the
seventh.
It is a matter of small expense, and the
change of air and scene ; and thoughts
will give an added zest to the work a
day a week to make up for the cost. Be
sides it is better; to spend a little money
in recreation than to give It to a ; doctor
or spend it for tonics.
kuj. Xa Eesx iv Uia CQmitry, i& a .yea-
Important question If one would have any
real pleasure in a single day's outing-.
Whatever is best adapted for rough
wear is most appropriate, for though you
may look very nice indeed before you
Mart out you will not be properly dressed
for the jaunt unless you look quite as
well when you return home.
For general wear a suit consisting of
skirt, coat, skirt waist and sailor hat is
always presentable, and never more so
than for a one day trip. These dresses
need not be expensive.,, but must be well
made and neat and plain. For from $20
to $25 they can be bought ready made in
blue serge, which for wearing and com
fort have no equal and i.s becoming to
any woman from 15 to 50.
In such a dresa you can w;ilk in the
dust or fog or Bit on the ground and not
feel your trimness disappearing. Noth
ing can be more absurd than the costume
one so very often sees — a woman walking
along a dusty country road, and most
California country roads are dusty, wear
in? a "Sunday dress" shoes and hat,
which have cost her many an hour of
hard work and many a sacrifice of good
food to purchase. One such day's wear
will destroy most of the beauty of such
attire, make the wearer cross f and un
comfortable to her friends, and she must
spend all her time taking care of her
clothes, and have no thoughts for tue
beauties around her.
An almost indispensable article for one
who goes much to the country is a small
handbag. It will hold the lunch and book,
a comb and some hairpins and a small
mirror, and afterwards the flowers and
ferns to brighten the city room and keep
the remembrance of a happy day. Such
a handbag can be bought for from 50
cents to a dollar, and with care will last
a long time.
' For vacation wear a pretty change can
be had in the ginghams, which are with
in reach of very slender purses. If the
bodice is merely a skirt waist it will be
doubly useful, and can be worn much
oftener than \he skirt. A very -pretty
wash dress can made from the 15-cent
chambray, and ten yards will be all that
is required beyond a clever hand almost
any one can own one.
Make the skirt quite plain- with gored
front, and ' for a belt satin folded and
sewed in place to a firm lining. Make the
bodice a skirt waist with adjustable
cuffs. "When worn with the cotton skirt
a stock with a bow tied at the back of the
neck and cuffs with small bows at the top
made of : the same satin or ribbon as the
belt aro very pretty. A bow of the same
may be worn in the hair. ;
Fancy - hand ; stitching in white or col
jaxai Uaeu floss makes .very. Jprettc trim-.
ming on plain cotton dressed and while
It requires more time and patience Is
much less expansive Rufnes can be used,
too, on cotton dresses.
A very pretty one has ten-Inch ruffles
from the belt to the hem. The founda
tion skirt must of course be made very
narrow.
NOW that the season for bicycle
riding is well under way a great
many people are reviving with
deep personal interest the old
question of the effect of wheeling upon,
the health.
Dr. John H. Girdner, who is one of the
best known medical authorities in Amer
ica on matters having 1 to do with the ther
apeutics of exercise, says on this subject:
"Bicycle riding is certainly not harmful
when indulged in to moderation. In every
case bicycle riding transforms the mus
cles of the body into kidneys— that is to
say, it causes all of the muscles of the
body to perform exactly the same func
tions as the kidneys, namely, the work of
eliminating poisonous and other waste
material from the tissues of the body.
"None of the muscles of the legs are In
jured in any way by bicycle riding in i
moderation. All are strengthened to some ;
extent, but particularly. the muscles of the J
thigh, and it is the enlargement of these j
muscles on each thigh that gives that odd |
appearance of unusual fullness to the legs
of athletes just above the knees.
"The muscles of the lower part of the i
leg which are chiefly developed by pedal- ;
ing are those called the tibialis anticus, j
the externus longeus. If you will, look up ,
your school text book on anatomy and
turn to the- diagram showing the location
of the muscles s of the legs you will per
ceive just how the development of these
muscles gives that rounded appearance to
the fore part of the leg of the bicycle
rider to the side of the central bone.
"None of the muscles of the rear of the
thigh are particularly well developed by
bicycle riding, as none of these muscles
perform any other office than merely con- i
tracting and expanding with the move- ■
ment or the leg.
■ "In the hind part of the leg the muscle !
that receives the greatest development is \
the calf muscle. This muscle is developed j
more than any other in. the;legs, with the
exception of the'vastus internus and the j
rectus. The other leg muscle that devel- I
ops so much as to give a rounded appear- I
ance is the soleus, which Is responsible for
the bumpy part of tho leg about the ankle !
of a wheelman. . - "
"And while it is chiefly the muscles of i
the leg that are developed in so marked a j
mnTinp^ by. tlia ridioK c£ a wiieoL jxavar- i
theless there is not a single muscle In the
whole body that it is not brought into
healthy action for some purpose by the
person who rides a wheel."
ALL SORTS OF HINTS.
Bites of insects, auch as fleas or mos
quitoes or bees, will be relieved by rub
bing with a menthol pencil.
Ten minutes' callsthenlc exercise, fol
lowed by a glass of hot (not boiled) milk,
to which has been added a teaspoon of
lime water, will relieve sleeplessness
caused by fatigue of worry. Both must
be taken directly before going to bed.
A liberal use of salt in the food will
destroy the odor of perspiration. In
Australia, where the "blackfellows" are
employed as house servants, they are
required to eat a certain amount of salt
in their food every day.
Before exposure to poison oak, or imme
diately after, poisoning may be avoided
by a hot bath in which has been dissolved
two tablets of bichloride of mercury.
Relief may be obtained after poisoninr
has occurred by washing tho infiamp?
part frequently with a strong solution of
green soap. After bathing • dust with
formaline.
A cross baby Is cross for some good rea
son. Let it lie or play as many hours a
day as possible in the warm, dry sand
or on the earth. The effect will be im
mediate and better than medicine.
Indian babies wear few clothes, live on
the ground and never cry.
Long skirts collect disease germs along:
with the dust and expectorations of tLe
street.
During sleep the entire system is re
laxed and much more liable to receive
the germs of disease than during the
waking hours.
A. diet composed as nearly as possible
of strawberries, cherries or grapes is the
rage in Europe at present as a cure for
dyspepsia. The diet is effective for the
same reason as semi-starvation, usually
prescribed, namely, the noxious germs in
the bowels do not thrive on fruit juices.
A celebratedhjienlth expert, after many
expc-riments, advises the use of .blanched
almonds regularly for brain workers in
place of moat more than once a day.
He also says apples, when they can be
dig* sted by the eater, rest the brain.
Prunes and juicy fruits feed the nerves.
THE ORIGINAL
STAR
SPANGLED BANNER
PRESIDENT McKINLEY has ac
cepted an invitation to deliver
ah oration when the monument
erected to Francis Scott Key at
Frederick, Md., is unveiled.
Almost every one knows the words of
the "Star Spangled Banner," and many
are well acquainted with the history of
the author, but comparatively few
kno# anything concerning the where
abouts of this famous flag, which is
now owned by the grandson of Colonel
George Armistead, historically known
as the "Defender of Baltimore." He
was in command of Fort McHenry in
1814 and owned the star-spangled ban
ner that floated over it and the sight of
which inspired Key to write his im
mortal lines. During the bombardment
Key was a prisoner on one of the at
tacking British vessels.
The bombardment began on Tuesday,
September 12, ISI4, at 7 a. m. and lasted
twenty-five hours with but two brief
intermissions.
Colonel Armistead, although but 35
years of age, had so great an influence
over the men that they bore the attack
with great patience, but at length a
bombshell dismounted one of the twen
ty-four pounders in the southwest bas
tion. This killed Lieutenant Claggett
and several soldiers. The confusion
caused by the work of the bomb was
promptly noted Ly the commander of
the British fleet, who immediately or
dered three of his bomb vessels to
move nearer the fort.
Colonel Armistead was well pleased
at this move of the enemy as his guns
had thus far been useless owing to the
fact that they did not carry far enough.
He waited patiently for the vessels to
come within r. nee and then ordered a
general cannonade and bombardment
from every part of the fort.
So successful were his tactics that
all the ships were injured and the Ere
bus so severel ■ t'..z~ it required quite
a fleet of small boats to tow her be
yond the reach o f Armisteads guns.
It was estimated that between 1500
and 1800 shells fell during the engage
ment around the fort, and yet. strange
to relate, but four men were killed and
the twenty-four who were wounded all
recovered. .
During the first part of the assault
a shell fell into the magazine but did
not explode. The fact that the maga
zine was not bomb-proof was known
only by Colonel Armistead. Had the
soldiers been aware of this they might
have refused to have remained in the
fort.
The citizens of Baltimore were enthu
siastic in expressing their admiration
and appreciation of the bravery of the
young colonel whom they styled "the
defender of Baltimore." They present
ed him with a great punch bowl, with
cups, ladle and salver, all of massive
silver. This gift is now owned by one
iof Colonel Armistead's grandchildren.
The bowl is as large as the largest ball
that fell inside the fort.
It was a glorious victory, but the
young hero paid for it with his life, for
; with numerous chance 3 against him he
faithfully sustained the siege and won a
I victory and a name. But the fearful
sense of responsibility during those
long hours left him with a fatal dis
! ease of the heart, from which he suf
| fered for three and a half years. He
was buried with all possible military
and civil honors, the procession that
followed him to the grave being the
largest ever seen in Baltimore, and all
mourned the "defender of Baltimore."
The people of Baltimore erected a
monument, on which is inscribed:
Coftmel George Armistead, in hon
or of whom this monument is erect
ed, was the gallant defender of
Fort McHenry during the bombard
ment of the British fleet, Septem
ber 13, 1811. He died universally
esteemed and regretted on April 25,
ISIS, aged 39 years.
So great was James Lick's admiration
for this hero that he erected to hia
memory a fine equestrian statue in Eu
! taw Square, Baltimore.
After his death Virginia presented to
; his son, Christopher Hughes Armistead,
■ a sword, on which was inscribed these
words: "The. State of Virginia to Col
onel George Armistead. Honor the
I brave. Presented to the son of Col
| onel George Armistead (late of the
i army of the U. S. A.), as an evidence
I of the high esteem and admiration en
tertained by his native State for the
courage and soldier-like conduct of
Colonel Armistead at Niagara, and In
| the gallant defense of Fort McHenry
I September 14. 1814."
The flag that floated over the fort
during the engagement and now so
famous as "the Star Spangled Ban
ner," was the private property of Col
onel Armistead, having been presented
to him by several ladies in Baltimore.
After his death it was given to his
daughter, Georgiana Armistead, who
was born in the fort. She married a
Dr. Appleton from Boston, Mass., and
five years ago the banner was placed
in a safe deposit vault in New York
City by her son, the present owner, Mr,
Ebenezer Appleton.
2728
WHAT IS NEW
ON
THE BOOKSHELVES
THE Rise of the Empire," by Walter
Besant, is the first of a series of
small books to be devoted to the
glorification of Britain as a whole.
Parts to follow are "The Story of
India." that of Australasia, of
South Africa, and of Canada.
Modern history made palatable, and ad
ministered in small doses, this book of
Besant's Is. There are probably 35,000
words in it. It is told in an unpretentious
Btyle, does full justice to the greatness of
England, and though not anxious to see
fault? In the British system, does not h§B-
Itate to point them out and mildly to con
demn them.
ant's pen picture of the average
Englishman is a very good one. "He is..
to begin with, more readily attracted by
things practical than by things theoreti
cal; he prefers a feat of arms to any in
tellectual achievement; he would rather
hear of things done than of things at
tempted; he worships success in every
thing, because success means battle and
victory; he is combative and aggressive;
he likes lighting as much as his ancestors.
• • • He is subject to restlessness, he
cannot be always sitting still; he will
throw up his situation and ■ go roaming
about the world; he likes trade, espe
cially trade across the seas, because it de
mands enterprise and courage— it ia a
great mistake t<' suppose that the love of
trade denotes a mean and money grub
pirit. He is profoundly religious,
but he will not endure the-domlnation of
priests: he is tender and chivalrous to
ward women. He demands' freedom of
!., freedom of thought, freedom of
faith. He insists on self-government as
. he enters Into combina-
I md associations with readiness, and
Is what is meaat by give and
take. He is not the most courteous per
son in the civilised world; he is well satis
fied with himself; * * * he is a strong,
I In arty animal."
What this strong, big and healthy ani
mal has done In th-.^ world Besant dwells
Upon with pride. His picture of the early
inhabitant of Britain and the circum
stances that led to his becoming the
strong, big and healthy animal Englisn
authors delight in is a good piece of work.
I I admits that England's dealings
with Ireland have not been entirely satis
"Have we absorbed the Irish
race? <;>>. ask the millions of Irishmen in
America what sort of extension of empire
is that where, after 600 years, the p
are so anxious t<> shake off the English
yoke as they were at the outset. • ♦ •
It is not my business to explain, or to de
fend, or to accuse in the matter of Ire
land. I would only remind you that, after
all these years, though the whole of the
empire, with all its countless offices, dis
tinctions, honors, chances of wealth, be
••■< the Irish as much as to ourselves.
though Irishmen are found in the highest
: though by their services 'and their
they know how to climb, and do
the country must still be
down by a garrison, anil the Irlsn in
America never cease abusing us, conspir
■ inst us. embittering. the Americans
• us."
It is not upon such .extensions as this
that England should pride herself.
The book is an excellent mental birds
eye view of the great English empire, and
• s with a strong plea for united fed
eration of the English-speaking states.
••I can see no boundary or limit to the
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
The district meeting last Tuesday night
in the hall of Ivy Chapter was a very
pleasant one, and- it was attended not
only by almost the entire membership but
by a great number from all the local
chapters and many from across the bay.
Mrs. Dell C. Savage, D. D., found herself
ushered into one of the most beautifully
decorated chapter halls she ever entered,'
for there was a profusion of the choicest
of flowers, and the patriotism of the
membership was made manifest in the
liberal display o* the American colors. As
an earnest of the desire to advance the
chapter and to show how well the of
ficers could perform the work of initia
tion, the membership presented for Initia
tion Mrs. W. J. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. S.
C Wallis, Mr. and Mrs. Donald McKay,
Mrs. Emma Hendry. Marion. Hill. Alma
yon Tillow. Otto Hall, and Edwin Reiser,
and the work of conferring the degree
\vu- performed in the perfect manner for
which this chapter, is noted, and It was
highly commended by the grand officers
and visitors, .'.mong the visitors were
Grand Patron Rowe. Past Grand Matron
Mrs Mary A. Flint. Grand Secretary Mrs
Wlllats. Worthy Matrons Mrs lllats of
Gate, Mrs. Wetjen of Harmony.
SrSwn O f Beulah. Mrs. Schnv dt of
Kine Solomon, Patrons Heichei ot n,ik
££l and Greenwood of Beulah •»>««>£
bast officers. During the evening the sub
-hall, where covers were
SSysHff&SS Soffit
£ort^l*tto? Charles L. Patton re-
II the assemblage »to ■■tag rtg *tar
makfrig'^abdominal 111 bandages and com-
Deputy Mrs. Dell C. Savage
was a dream of patriotic display and
flowers particularly in the east, where
therlwaS an Immense canopy formed of
two very large American flags falling
in graceful folds over the chairs of the
worthy matron and patron. The effect
-ivac, extremely pretty. The worK was
Exemplified after which there was a flow
of or', orv. and it was half-past 11 o'clock
before the meeting closed, and all pres
ent were Invited into the main hall,
where there was a repetition of the pa
triotic display of American colors only
a little more so. There was set a table
for the grand officers and officers of the
chapters, live tables in the form of a
star and then additional tables to ac
commodate the large number who attend
ed the meeting. Nearly two hundred oc
cupied seats to enjoy a fine collation that
.had been spread in the midst of flowers,
ferns and daintily arranged covers.
Among the visitors there were the worthy
Brand patron, Past Grand Matron Mrs.
Flint Grand Secretary Mrs. Wlllats,
Grand Esther Mrs. Helen May Patterson,
the matrons of all the local chapters;
Mrs Roberts, past matron of the Ban
Jo<*e Chapter; Past Grand Treasurer Mrs.
S I. Hubbard, and a great number of tbe
members of the local chapters and of
those in Oakland and Alameda.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
A new Rebekah lodge was instituted at
Covena on the 20th inst. by Past Grand
President Miss Fannie Benjamin with ten
charter members. Thirty-two were ad
mitted by initiation. The instituting offl
cer was assisted in the work by members
of Heliotrope Rebekah Lodge of Po
mona.
A new subordinate lodge will be insti
tuted within the next two weeks at
Loreta.
A remarkable fact is that during the
past three months there have been but
very few suspensions in the order in this
jurisdiction. The various reports received
show that there is much activity in the
membership.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge will meet
In Boston. Mass., on the third Tuesday In
September.
Templar Lodge, which has been doing
remarkably well In the matter of taking.
power that will be possessed by such a
federation. • • ♦ It Is possible to hope
that the time Is nigh when the orator (in
the United* States) will cease to misrepre
sent us: when' the school books will cease
to teach the children perversions of our
history; when the greatness and glory of
the United States of America will not re-
"He leaned a little way to one
side and swore softly to the sea.
"Riding a lame sheep is bliss to
it."
quire, even on Independence day, to be In
flated with froth and gas about the wick
edness of Rrltain; when it will be under
stood that it is beneath the dignity of a
great power to rail at one equally great
• • when at last the great reconcilia
tion shall take place, and we may be
proud of each other, as we ought to be
and as we deserve to be."
The last sentence in the book Is one
that in itself is testimony of the kind of
history Besant aims to write: "The six
Anglo-Saxon nations are already, and will
always remain, republics."
IT doesn't make any difference what
Stephen Crane writes or how he
writes it. There'll be readers for his
books as long as they are marked by
that unique Cranelike quality of sur
prise. In Craneland It is. always the
unexpected that happens. When the au
thor begins a simile it's pure Joy to shut
your eyes and fancy what the end will be.
"The long revolvers in his hands were
as easy as—"
As what? Guess.
" — as straws."
•'The men rowed like — "
Like what?
"—seamstresses," of course.
In new members of late, will have an
other Initiation at its next mee.ng.
Tuesday. June 14, will be memorial day
in the order.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The following district deputies for San
Francisco have been named by Deputy
Grand Master Workman Danforth: Dis
trict 1-Bernal, Excelsior, Alta and Lib
erty lodges, William Hansen of Excelsior
Lodge; District 2-Bay View. Fairmount,
Eureka Valley and Crocker Lodges, J.
Van Alen of Croker Lodge; District 3-
Burns Memorial, Friendship and Tri
umph lodges, F. J. Maguire of Friend
ship Lodge; District 4-San Francisco.
Unity Spartan and Magnolia lodges • J.
Bowman of Magnolia Lodge; District 5-
Golden Gate Valley, Golden est ana
Prosperity lodges. M. J. Blackman of \ ai
lev Lodge; District 6-Harmony. Yerba
Buena Myrtle and Noe Valley lodges. A.
Wiemore of Yerba Buena Lodge. LMa
t ri« 7-Appolntment not yet announced;
District 8-Hercules, Washington. Rlcn
mond and Park lodges, R. Q. Nunan of
PGP G r rand O< Master Workman Bahrs attend
ed a large meeting of Santa Cruz Lodge
'^U^w^Varge attendance at the
meeting of Oak Leaf Lx.o-ge last week on
brate Its anniversary in the early part of
"rhe^odges of Sonoma County will plc
be instituted at that place June 1.
Gold Ridge Lodge gave an entertain
ment and bail at Sebastopol last Friday.
The grand master workman delivered an
el T?e e nexf iSn of the Supreme Lodge
will be held at Asbury Park N J.. June
•>1 Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes
will leave next Wednesday to attend, the
qes«lon of the Supreme Lodge. On the
wav there he will address a meeting in
Chicago to be held under the auspices of
the Fraternal Union, and-one at Milwau
kee to be held under the auspices of the
D past e Suifr| ( me r Master Workman J. G.
Past SurjUnie Master Workman J. G.
Tate has gone to the front with the regi
ment of the National Guard of which he
was for five years the chaplain.
Valley and Spartan Lodges have re
solved 'to pay the dues and assessments
of their members who have volunteered or
shall volunteer for the war.
THE NATIVE SONS.
It Is the intention of Grand President
Conley to increase the number of city
deputies from seven to eleven, and to
have them visit the parlors of the bay
counties and to make the bay county
deputies visit the local parlors.
Arrangements are being made for the
organisation of a new parlor in the Rlch-
m The annual picnic of the Sequoia Club,
composed of members of Sequoia Parlor,
has been postponed until the 12th of June.
The following additional donations to
the Red Cross fund have been announced:
Golden Gate Parlor, $25 from the general
fund and $35 from individual members;
library and reading room, $10, and Yerba
Buena Parlor, $25.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On the evening of the 21st inst. the mem
bers of La Estrella Parlor gave an "at
home" In Sierra Hall, Native Sons' build
ing, to their friends, who responded In
large numbers to the invitations extend
ed, for all know that when they attend
these gatherings they are assured of a
pleasant evening's entertainment. There
was presented a short programme that
included "Remember the Maine," an
original song, to the air of "Then You 11
Remember Me," by Mrs. Lillian A. Car
lie- "The "Veteran," a recitation. Miss G.
Bello; "When the Snow Begins to Fall,"
vocal solo. Mrs. Margo; specialties by the
children artists, -. •aire PYx and Jack Rob
inson- "Come Back, My Love," vocal
solo, Miss l.andell; fancy dance in Japan
ese costume. Miss Turpin, and then a cake
walk by four members of the parlor, who
each concealed her identity behind a
black mask. So excellent was the action
of each that the judges divided the cake
among ther-. ahare and share alike. This
was followed by the serving of icecream
and cakes, and then a dance. Previous
to the "at home" the parlor was enter
tained with remarks by Mis? Kervan and
Miss Eliza D. Keith on behalf of the Red
doss Society received four applications
and elected Mrs. A. Aigeltinger and Emma
Thiorbaeh as delegates to the Grand
Parlor.
BUENA VISTA'S PATRIOTISM.
The entertainment that Is to be riven on
THE SA:N T FRANCISCO CAH, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
THE RISE OF THE EMPIRE.
FOUR DOGS.
MEIR EZOFOVICH.
ALWEWSKA.
THE OPEN BOAT.
"The ship swashed through the seas
as genially as—"
—"an old wooden clock.'
"He was aa astonished as—"
(This is a craniacal gem. fj ' — as if his
hat had turned into a dog." .„_. ,
You can appreciate the possibilities of
this last. It may be changed to read:
"She was as amazed as thougn her bonnet
had turned Into a cat; as though her skirt
had become an elephant"; in fact, all
through the Infinite combinations and
permutations of all articles of clothing :
and all species of .animals.
Successful writers are of three kinds—
Those who are bound by the ordinary
laws of literary civilization; those who
avail themselves of poetic license (and
pay for it in a higher degree of capacity);
and— Crane. He's in a class by himself.
And he stands first in it, unapproachable,
peerless. You may search through all
the flood of books that pour In a deluge
from the publishing houses, and nowhere
will you meet expressions like these.
"Riding a lame sheep is bliss to it.
—"and his knees turned to bread.
"From a dark corner of the room there
came the sound of two or three snores
twining together."
"He leaned a little way to one side and
swore softly into the sea.."
"They have no friends or other cred
ulous furniture."
"Was I brought here merely to have my
nose dragged away as 1 was about to mo- ;
ble the sacred cheese of life?" |
"Canton flannel gulls flew far and near.
"He yelled some sudden language at tne i
•■ . the ant of desire to-see-what-lt's- ,
like "
"A man could beat carpet with a voice ;
like that." . ,
Then there are the "blip and the |
"plop" constructions.
"A shot," Mr. Crane tells us, "whined
"Was I brought here merely to
have my nose dragged away as I
was about to nibble the sacred
cheese of life?"
softly into the air and blipped into the
sea." And later, "The Foundling plopped
and foundered." Here's an extract from
the new Crane grammar: Infinitive, to
blip. Present, blip; past, blipped or blop;
the evening of the Ist of June in Native
Sons 1 Hall in aid of the Red Cross fund
of the Native Daughters will be a very
patriotic one. There will be an address
by Mrs. Genevievf Baker, one of the most
eloquent and patriotic speakers in the or
der; a Hag drill by twenty ladies of the
parlor, patriotic songs, recitations and pa
triotic tableaux. As the entertainment is
in behalf of a cause that appeals to all
who are imbued with the spirit of patriot
ism and humanity, it will no doubt be well
patronized.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Golden Gate Council at Its meeting last
Tuesday night received two applications.
There was read a circular from W. M.
Bayne, president of the senate, calling
particular attention to the fact that there
is nothing in the laws of the order, the
constitution or contracts of th* National
Union which might In any manner in
validate the beneficiary certificates of the
members who might die in the military
service of the United States. The council
will have several candidates to initiate
at its next meeting. After the routine
business there were short talks ami the
singing of patriotic songs by the member
ship.
FORESTERS OF* AMERICA.
Court Golden West was the first of the
local courts to give substantial aid to the
Red Cross Society. At its meeting last
week it donated to that organization the
sum of $10, and the hope was expressed
that each court would do at least as well
in aid of the good cause. At the same
meeting the court presented to Captain
Rethers of the corps of surgeons or the
First California Volunteers, who for some
time was the court's physician, a set of
engrossed resolutions in pamphlet form,
expressive of the court's high opinion of
him.
On Saturday, the 21st inst., Court Inter
Nos gave a social In the Social Hall of
the Alcazar, and there was present a
large number of the members of the
court, their friends and members of Inter
Nos Circle of the Companions of the For
est. There was a good programme of
dances and during the evening there was
introduced the midget reciter, Baby Lil
ian Doiliver, who, under the direction of
Miss M. F. Dreyfuss, her teacher, re
cited a selection in line style and then
danced a fancy dance. After that J. W.
Sparrow, past chief ranger, was pre
sented a certificate and beautiful em
blematic badge, and L. H. Wiggins, also
a past chief, was presented a certificate.
AH present were treated to a tine colla
tion in the banquet hall.
On the evening of th<? ]Oth inst. Court
Golden West gave a banquet to Jacob
Samuels, the grand chief ranger. There
were a number of the members present.
and during the evening the members of
the court presented their guest with a
beautiful set of diamond studs. Those
who responded to the toasts of the even
ing were the guest of honor, J. J. Cordy,
Hugo K. Asher, J. C. Heenan, F. Conk
lin, E. W. Levy, Sol Pelser, D. Cohan,
J. Caiman, Dr. M. Regensburger, D. A.
Sullivan, S. Waller. P. Gray, E. Behm. E.
S. Isaacs, G. W. Alexander, C. W. Stern
and J. H. Newbauer.
COURT SUTRO HEIGHTS.
The entertainment that was given last
Thursday night in Odd Fellows' Hall by
Court 6utro Heights of the Foresters of
America, the third by this court, was one
of the most pleasing of the kind that has
been offered by any of the fraternal or
ganizations of this city. All of the talent
was of the best, and the several numbers
were presented in a manner that elicited
well-deserved applause. Under the direc
tion of Leo Cooper there was presented a
farce entitled "A Pair of Lunatics," the
parts being taken by Reginald Travera
and Miss Vorg-ie Goodsell. Miss Cordle
Wetjen entertained with whistling solos
In birdlike notes that were most artistic
performances; Thomas Hickey gave a
recitation; .J- EL bunpson as n swell col
ored dude gave coon songs; Miss Moille
Brown gave a monologue, "The Window
Curtain," an admirable piece of acting;
Miss E. Ruth Cohen sang ballads; Miss
Pearl Noble gave a cornet solo, and for
nn encore played the bugle palls ana the
"Star-spangled Banner." "Henrietta," a
short comedy, In which Miss Etta Butler
and Louis Butler took part, closed the
programme. Miss Butler's rendition of
the part proved that she is a natural
born actress, and the audience did not
fail to recognize her merit. A grand ball
followed, and the choice programme was
greatly enjoyed by all. The committee
that got up the fine entertainment was:
I. Gross, L. N. Boukofsky, E. S. Harding,
E. N. Boukofsky and George K. Small.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
The entertainment or picnic social given
by the convention of 198, Companions of
the Forest of America, in Alcazar Social
Hall on the evening of the 23d inst. was a
very pleasant affair, and all who attended
spent an enjoyable evening. There were
games, dancing and a cake walk, which
nrove.d one of the most amusing features
participle, blippeh or blap. The principal
parts of "plop" are the same.
Only once does Mr. Crane apologize for
his licentious use of words, and then,
strangely enough, it Is for a compara
"The Foundling steamed toward Cuba
with its crew in a sling, if one may be al
lowed to speak In that way.
Surely "one may be allowed ' a trifle
like this after he has blipped and plopped.
Nevertheless, axid in spite of It all,
whether the picture It paints be true or
not. "The Open Boat" is well worth read-
Ing. By degrees that—
" 'Billie:— Billie, will you spell me?
" 'Sure,' paid the oiler."
becomes fixed upon one's mental retina
till he can feel the utter exhaustion, the
horrible sense of exertion that pervades
this epic of effort. The book leaves you
with a sort of impressionist skelcn, drawn
with bold, quick strokes, of the peril of
the ? ea, and, however you may condemn
the means, you'll acknowledge the force
of the end and agree that when the wind
brought the sound of the great sea s voice
to the men on shore, they felt that they
could then be interpreters."
*•* • •
EVERY story written about the Jews
is bound to remind one of Zang
will. According to the degree in
which this re-semblance is marked
may be measured the ability of the
author. Not that it is necessary
to imitate the artist whose strength lies
In his treatment of Jewish history and
fiction to attain success; but that the field
has been so covered by the author of
"Dreamers of the Ghetto" as to almost
preclude the possibility of finding new
material.
"Heir Ezofovltch" Is not a new story.-
It is merely another phase of the Mes
siah movement Zangwill has shown us in
so many phases. An earthly Messiah la
Meir Ezofovltch. who dreams of leading
his people only to earthly peace and happi
ness and freedom of thought and of ac
tion. It's an old story, but- every orig
inal mind has power to renew the world s
interest In the old. This Polish author,
whose book Is translated by Iza » 0U J?»?'
has written a very interesting story. Ihe
characters are well drawn, and some
of them glow with life. The Rabbi Todros
might pose for intolerance and bigotry
and asceticism and unselfishness personi
fied of siuh contradictory yet thoroughly
human materials is he made. The great
family of the Ezofovitches is a fine pic
ture of the patriarchal old Israelite sur
rounded by all his descendants. There s
a pathetically artistic touch in the old
grandmother— despite the species of mi
racle in the last speech of the centena
rian when she reveals the hid
ing place of the writings of
Meir's great ancestor— in the beautiful
reverence paid to her and in her silence
broken only to murmur lovingly to her
favorite great-grandchild, the intellectual
heir of her husband and also of her ances
tor, the original great iconoclast. Excel
lent dramatic Incidents there are In this"
book, and capital situations, which would
fit it for the stage. The lovf story of Meir
and Golda Is a truly tragic idyl.
It depends upon how you read "Wa
lewska." If it is to be Judged a.-; grown
up literature, you're apt to smile at its
path. is and sigh at the funny picture Na
poleon presents as the villain still pursu
ing the Polish heroine. But if you know
that the author is a girl of eighteen
whose youthful chivalry has been stirred
by ths accounts of the beautiful Polish
woman whom Napoleon loved and who
desires to re-estublisn the fair fame of
the Countess YVaiewska. it may make you
look upon the book as the author herself
is likely to, in time to come— should she
develop the capacity she shows and over
come her delight In descriptions of per
sonal beauty, among other things— as a
crude but not unpromising beginning.
Llna Bartlett Ditson is a relative of that
Washington Bartlett who was once
Mayor of San Francisco. The book is
dedicated to Henry Clay Barnabee of the
Bostonians.
• • *
There's something sane and simple and
quietly old-fashioned about Tourgee"s
short stories, of which the first and long
est gives title to hiß latest book; a good,
of the- evening. J. W. Sparrow. H. Rup
ple, George Morrison and Jacob Label,
who were the Judges, were so undecided
as to the performance of two of the lady
walkers that it was a lons time before
they could reach a conclusion, and when
It was reached it was that each should
have < ne-nalf of the cake, which was do
nated by Mrs. L. Atwood, the president >>r
the convention. In one half there was
concealed a line «old ring, the gift or
Mrs. J. Wisbinan, and that was secured
by Miss Lulu Laederich, one of the win
ners. The other was Miss Annie Wold.
A number of gate prizes were distributed
and the affair reflected credit on the
committee, of which Dr. A. W. Atwood
was the chairman.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
J. EL Grove of Watsonville Chapter
died in Miitiposa on the 21st inst. and his
remains were taken to Watsonville for
interment.
The chapters at Watsonville, Mill \ al
ley, Tomales and other places are re
ported as doing well.
San Francisco Chapter at Its meeting
last Wednesday night Initiated several
candidates, and there are several more
to go through the ceremony at the next
meeting.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Aurora Lodge will tender a reception
to the grand offioen) on the evening of the
6th of June, to which ail members of the
order will be welcome.
Golden Rule Lodge has arranged for a
complimentary social to be given on the
evening of the 9th of June.
Last Tuesday Empire Lodge consol
idated with Pacific Lodge, and in the fu
ture the two will be known by the name
of the latter. This was done in the. pres
ence of a number of nvmbors of the or
<l ■ r and of the grand officers. Grand Pro
tector Mrs. i.. J. Wbeelock commended
the consolidation as a move in tne light
direction, and she said there was no
doubi in her mind that the increaseu
membership of the Faeiiic would instill
new life into the lodge and arouse the
members t<, reneweS activity. Grand Sec
ret;* ry H. VV. Quitzow followed in a very
interesting address and expressed the
opinion that the consolidation, which il
lustrated that in union there is strength,
would result in the upbuilding of tne
lodge-, which is part of, as ho said, "one
of the best i' all fraternal orders." Mrs.
Francis Clodi, the retiring protector of
Empire Lodge, was, by the grand pro
tector, on behalf of the members of Em
pire Council, presented a line jewel ex
pressive- of their admiration of her. At
the close of the meeting all present were
treated to a fine luncheon at the Zink.md.
GARFIELD RELIEF CORPS.
There was a large attendance last Tues
day night in Seven Pines Hall, in the Al
cazar building, on the occasion of the
entertainment given by James A. GarM-ild
Relief Corps, under the direction of Mrs.
May J. Sowders president of the corjra,
Mrs. M. Van Horn. Mrs. Dora Wwklns,
Mrs. Caroline Dibloe, Mrs. Cathrine Gil
bert, Mrs. Blargaret Jones and Mrs. Eh'?.
The hall was tastefully decorated with p.i
trlOtic emblems, and the tire of patrio;.:.-m
that was kindled thirty-seven years ago
burned with us much brightness as it d.d
then. The programme included a vocal
solo by Miss Minnie Powell; recitation,
Mitton Long; mandolin selections. Miss
Minnie Hoffman; "The American Flag,"
recited by Miss Ada Gilbert; vocal solo,
Miss Addie Ehle; recitation. Dr. Craw
ford; Kong, Miss Hazel MacKenzie; piano
selections, Miss Louise Ehle, and vocal
solo. Miss M. Oakes. There were present
a number of the veterans of the Civil War
and also a number of the young volun
teers for the present war. The old gave
the young a hearty handshake and wished
them success in the defense of the flag
and the country's honor. After the pro
gramme there was a dance in the social
hall, and tae party, as it broke up, sang
a patriotic song.
GOLDEN GATE HIVE, L. O. T. M.
There was a large gathering of the
members and friends of Golden Gate Hive
of the Ladles of the Maccabees in St.
George's Hall last Thursday night, on the
occasion of the social and dance given by
that organization. Under the direction
of Lady Commander Mary E. B&lmond,
Past Commander Gertie Wastlor. Libby
Diel, Frankie Harris and Florence Avery
there was offered for the entertainment of
all a programme, the features of which
were piano .selections, Mrs. Jennings;
vocal solo, rendered with tine artistic ef
fect, by Mrs. George Leroi; violin solo,
Phoebe Gibson; cornet solo, I. M. Cog
gins; selections by the Mandolin Club, and
a patriotic address by Deputy Supreme
Lady Commander Mrs. Eudorla Moffit,
who has a son on the Baltimore. At the
close of the programme there was danc
ing and a collation was served.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
At the meeting of Golden Camp No. 64
last Monday night twenty applications
were presented and referred to commit
attractive title, too. There's nothing ,
startling In the stories Tourgee has to i
tell, but they're wholesome and. though
not exciting, are interesting and well told.
"The Man Who Outlived Himself" is the
man who disappears from the world after
an unsuccessful business operation. His ,
own account of his awakening to his
identity years later in an insane asylum
and of the gradual growing back to men
tal health makes a good story
* * *
The peculiar thing about Laurence Hut
ton'e "Four Dogs" is that it's charming
to both the man who leads "a dog-less
lif." and to him whose days are over
flowingly dog-ful. Your anti-dog preju
dices melt away— at least for the time
while you listen to this easy, merry talk
about Whiskie. "w.io was so honest, so
ingenious and so square, who had the
sense of shame and the sense of honor,
and who came back from his encounter
with the cat "with a muttered curse" and
the sense of having made himself ridic
ulous. About Punch, whose love for the
world was so all embracing that "he was
as cordial to a bepgar as he would have
been to a King; and if thieves had come
to break through and steal. Punch, in his
unfailing hospitable amiability, would
have escorted them through the house
and shown them where the treasures
were kept." About Mop, who had the
same long, lithe body as his predecessor,
"the same, short legs (the forelegs shaped
like a capital S), th<> same short tail, the
sumo hair dragging the ground, the same
beautiful head, the same wistful, expres
sive eye, the same cool, insinuating nose"
and who soothed the feelings of the dog
bereft boy by "the longed-for touch of a
vanished "paw, the lick of a tongue that
was still/ And then about Roy. who
looks like Thomas Carlyle and "Profes
sor John Weir declares that his body is
all out of drawing."
There isn't a cleverer word picture, a
better acquaintance and a purer philoso
phy shown in the biographies of four of
the world's greatest men than In the story
of these dogs. Isn't it well that there
aren't old letters, old friends, and old
frumps, to rise up and contradict their
biographer?
Hutton's own childhood's biography of
a boy, who was "not a very good boy, or
a very bad boy, or a very bright boy. or
an unusual boy in any way— but just a
boy," is one of those boy stories like Tom
Sawyer and Sentimental Tommy— bound
to be read and loved and cherished by
boys of all ages and both sexes.
*****
The Scribners are about to round out
their series of "Stories by American
Authors" and "Stories by English Au
thors" with a similar set of ten volumes
devoted to continental writers. "Stories
by Foreign Authors" will consist of ten
"Rlding a lame sheep is a bliss to
it. 11
volumes devoted to the masterpieces of
short-Ftory writing from modern Euro
pean authors. They will be divided, as
follows: Thn" 1 French volumes, two Ger
man, one Spanish, one Russian, one Scan
dinavian, one Italian and one miscellane
' tees. There were nominations for camp
officers and thirty-two candlidates were
j named for the office of representatives to
: the district convention to be held June
(5. At 9 o'clock the committee on enter
tainment took charge and an enjoyable
programme was presented to the members
: and 150 visitor? from the several ramps in
'• this city and Alarm-da County. There was
j orchestral music by Prof. Charles Welsel's
' band; "The Dandy Fifth." recited by W.
I.. Currier; tenor solo, J. H. Desmond,
; and selections by J. C. Flood. J. C. O'Dnn
' nell, F. A. Griffins; and S. J. Daly, corn-
I posing the Columbia quartet. An hour
! later all present, numbering about 500, left
; the hall in the upper part of the Native
Sons' building and went to th<' banquet
hall in the basement, where a fine colla-
Uon was served. During the evening
the orchestra played patriotic air* and
i there were thrcr—siinute speeches by I.
I. Bnak, head manager; Lieutenant Dal
' tenberg, Colorado Regiment of Volun
teers; Dr. G. W. Daywalt, John W. Lewis,
W. L. Schell. W. N. Browni, W. W. Brack
ett. .T. L. Geary Jr., M. B. De Roco, James
Petty, M. B. Estes and D. Oliver Jr.,
clerk of the camp. There was manifested
, a greal deal of enthusiasm and much pa
triotism was displayed. There were pres
! ent twelve members of the order who
wore the uniform of Uncle Sam. and at
one time, during the singing of the "Red,
White and Blue," one of the guests arose
and waved a small silk American flag,
keeping time with the music. As he did
so' the twelve soldiers arose and tainted
the flag, showing that they do not forget
the colors when displayed. The commit
tee on entertainment wns highly com
mended for what It presented.
« — -
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
On the evening of the 21st inst. Sher
wood Circle had a social, at which there
was a large attendance and a very pleas
ant time was had by all participants.
Last Monday the supreme chief com
panion, the grand right and left guide
and the grand inside guardian paid a fra
ternal visit to Pride of the Forest Circle
in Oakland and were well pleased with
the reception they received.
On Tuesday night Mrs. F. N, Morrow,
supreme grand secretary, and the grand
left guide and inside sentinel paid a visit
to Washington Circle, of which Mrs. Min
nie Asher, P. G. C. C. is a member. It
being- the silver anniversary of the wed
ding of Mrs. Ashor the visitors and the
members of the circle were made her
guests after the close of the meeting.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Beverson and Mrs. Morrow, S. G. S., vis
ited Liberty Circle on last Wednesday
and were delighted with the manner in
which the circle transacted its business.
The Past Chiefs' Association has in
creased its membership since the ad
journment of the Grand Circle.
A list of official visitations is being pre
pared.
THE DRI'IDS.
Grand Secretary Graves returned last
Tuesday, after a two weeks 1 visit in the
southern part of the State filling ap
pointments which J. H. Goller, N. G. A.,
was unable to keep on account of illness.'
He visited Salinas Grove and installed
the officers, after which there was a ban
quet, at which thore were a number of
ladies. He then visited Mission Grove at
San Luis Obispo, in company with mem
bera from Cayucos and Guadaloupe
Groves, and the visitors wore well enter
tained. He then visited Guadaloupe Grove
and installed its officers and then re
turned to San Luis Obispo, and from
there drove twenty-five miles to Cayueos
to visit the grove there to initiate a can
didate and make th«> official visit He
then visited Morton, Mazzlnl and Los An
geles Groves in joint session; then he vis
ited Sumner Grove and performed the
work of initiation. On the 19th inst he
was joined by the noble grand arch at
Merced and the grove there was visited
There was a good meeting and the third
degree was conferred on four candidates
At all places the grand secretary was cor
dially welcomed and shown every cour-
Reports from all parts of the State show
an increase in the order.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
A new tribe was recently instituted at
St. Helena by Great Chief of Records
Burgman, Great Junior Sagamore Col
lins and a team from Otonka Tribe.
It is called Mayacamaa Tribe No. <)7
There were thirty-eight charter members,
of which twenty-seven were adopted on
the night of institution. Dr. Samuel Mc-
Curdy is the sachem and Frank Mixon
chief of records.
Deputy Herbert H. Cole has presented
a box of fine tomahawks as a prize to
be competed for by the several councils
of the degree of Pocahontas.
A number of members of the order who
come from the Northwest are in the regi
ment iii.ni thai section <>t the county,
and there are also a number who are at
tached to the Eleventh United States
regulars who have gone to the front.
Many of the Fourteenth Infantry reg
ulars are members of Kumtux Tribe.
A great deal of interest is felt in the
ous — Polish, Greek, Belgian and Hun
garian. The contents of the first and sec
ond volumes are "The Siege of Berlin,"
One of the most interesting restaurants
of London is the Cafe Paganini. It holds
about the same position in the art and
letters of the British metropolis that the
Chat .Nolr held in Paris. The walls of
the place are decorated with the auto
graphs of the famous artists and others
who have dined there. Paderewski, Sara
sate, Mascagni, Mile. Chaminade and
MHba. Among the habitues are Henry
James, Val Prinsep, Daumier and Phil
May, the English Caron d'Ache. The
place is noted for its spaghetti and Ital
ian wines and good music.
"When first this piece of news is read,
Which Literature diffuses,
The reader his remark thereon
With difficulty chooses;
Ought he to 'Happy Standard!' cry^
Or moan 'Alas! poor Muses?' "
by Alphonse Daudet: "The Juggler of
Notre Dame," by Anatole France; "Uncle
and Nephew," by Edmond About; "An-
"A man could beat a carpet with
a voice like that."
other Gambli-r," by Paul Bourget; The
Necklace" b/ Guy de Maupassant; me
Black Pearl," by Victorien Sardou; "The
Substitute." by Francois Coppee; "The
Attack on th* Mill," by Emile Zola; "The
Virgin's Godchild." by Emile Souvestre;
"The Sempstress' Story." by Gustave
Droz; "The Venus of Ille," by Prosper
Merimee.
"Let him who is not Interested In brawl
and battle," says the author of "Four for
a Fortune," "In the smell of the sea, in
treasure hunting and the staking of hu
man life for gold; in treachery and hate;
in perseverance ami daring— let him, I
say put this book aside."
Which is good advice, for this is a good,
strong story of its kind: the kind that one
swallows at a single reading, and forgets
pleasantly forever after.
Fifteen works on Cuba have b^en issued
recently. Among them are Richard Hard
ing Davis' "A Year From a Reporter's
Is'ut"' Book," "Marching With Gomez," by
Grover Flint, and "Facts and Fakes
About Cuba," by George Bronson Rea.
Two popular weeklies of Scotland in
stituted a literary competition in which
the competitors were asked to name the
greatest six living authors. Those who
know Scotch loyalty will not be sur
celebration by the order on next Fourth
of July In this city. The great chief of
records has asked for 100 volunteers for
mounted service for that day. These will
bo furnished with appropriate costumes.
The committee of arrangements has de
cided on three floats — one to represent
t hi Northern Indians, another the South
ern and the third the hunter's period.
B'NE B'RITH.
The committee on entertainment of the
Constitution Grand Ixidge, that is to meet
in this city in June, 1900, held a special
meeting last Monday and increased itself
by adding five ex-presidents. It appeared
that while the lodges have responded to
the call for a fund to entertain the high
est body of the order, there is still — out
side of what there is in sight—consider
able needed, and to the end of securing
the necessary amount the committee will
arrange a series of first-class entertain
A
HOW TO MAKE WHIST MORE POPULAR.
When a whist club or association of whist
clubs make up their minds to hold a whist
tournament or contest, the first thing that
should be done is to study how to make the
meeting the most enjoyable and satisfactory
to those who take part in the play. Try to
please find do justice to every one; how can
this best be done? It is very simple. First,
you should have a detailed plan of whist play
arranged from start to finish for each and j
every contest you intend to hold. To avoid j
an endless amount of trouble and delay, it is
necessary for the one in charge to have at his
finger ends or in his vest pocket what we
call elastic schedules for both pair and teams
of four play, to accommodate any number of
entries under all methods or systems of match
play that you have on your programme; then
state to the players how it is to be con
ducted—the number of deals you intend to play,
and how It is to be finished, if on a different
plun from the beginning; also how the scoring
is to be done, and who is going to do It — how
the winners are to be decided, and carry out
your plans to the end, never changing them
unless you are obliged to, and then only with
the consent of tl>.^ players. Have everything
SO simple and plain that every one taking part
in the games will thoroughly understand it.
The- umpire selected to lake charge of a
match should never undertake to conduct one
on any new system that he Is not entirely fa
miliar with and of r.U things he should never
phiy in a contest that he is conducting, nor
should be allow post-morteming of deals after
they are played at one table, and have to b*
moved for play to another. Absolute silence
should be preserved during play. No com
parison of seres with players at another table
should be allowed under penalty of immediate
expulsion from the match. The score slips
should be taken up as the game progresses,
after each round, and tabulated. There is no
system or method Of play that we know of that
will not permit of this being done.
The result of each sitting, match or frac
tion of a match, should be announced as quick
ly as pof&lble. It only requires a few min
utes alter the contest is over-half an hour
is plenty of time for the largest kind of a
match. The score is not properly kept if tt
cannot be proven; like a trial balance, it must
come out right, and this proving the score.
should always be done before announcing the
result.
The tabulated scores, as well as the score
slips for each deal, are the property of the
players who take part in the contests, and
should be treated as such; they belong to no
one else, that is. they should newr be put out
of sight for a moment: they should be a»
free to he examine any time after a match
by all the participants, as the deals Just played
are. A bulletin board should always bf
provided, and this board is the proper
place for the official scores to be post
ed, and when once posted there, the scores
should remain until th» tournament ends, bar
ring the time that might be used in *a.klng a
copy. It is an excellent idea to take carbon
copies when tabulating.
Every lady <<r gentleman who enters a whist
contest should have his or her rights fully pro
tected by tlit umpire or person In charge. By
doing this, and there is no reason why it should
not be done in every Instance, many of the
whist contests that we have seen, to.ken part
in and heard of. would have b.e.i mv.l. more
popular, sort of family reunions. Instead of
scrapping matches.
A. W. L. SYSTEM OF WHIST PLAY.
The American Whist League at its next an
nual meeting will, no doubt, agitate the ques
tion of formulating a system of play to be
known as the standard game or the league sys
tem. While that groat exponent of the noble
game, Mr. Milton C. Work, was here a few
;igo, we asked him this question:
'•Do you think the American Whist League
should recommend a system uf play to guide Its
VhlSi chi!i!n u'."' . . „ .'
Answer— Most emphatically, ye». I believe
that such action on the part of the league
would simplify matters to a very great extent.
For example, there are to-day a large number
of recognized system?, all of which have some
advantages and some disadvantages. When
' prised to learn that a fair percentage of
i the six claim Scotland as their country.
First, James Barrie; next, Miss Annie
' M Swan. Then come Hall Came, Conan
'■ Doyle, Walter Besant and lan MacLaren.
The following lists contain the best
i selling books of the day. in the order of
the selling qualities, as noted in the lead
: ing bonk stores in the cities named:
Philadelphia:
"Quo Vadis," by Henryk Sienkiewicz.
"Hugh Wynne." by S. Weir Mitchell.
"Alfred Lord Tennyson," by his son.
"The Story of an Untold Love," by
Paul Leicester Ford.
"The Jessamy Bride," by F. Frankfort
Moore.
"Corleone," by F. Marion Crawford,
"The Gadfly," by E. L. Voynich.
"Captains Courageous," Dy Rudyard
Kipling.
New York:
"Quo Vadis," by Henryk Sienkiewicz.
"The Choir Invisible," by James Lane
Allen.
"Hugh "Wynne," by S. Weir Mitchell.
"Captains Courageous," by Rudyard
i Kipling.
"The Gadfly," by E. L. Vqynich.
"The Honorable Peter Sterling," by
Paul Leicester Ford.
"Corleone," by. F. Marion Crawford.
Boston-:
"Quo Vadis." by Henrvk Sienkiewicz.
"St. Iv-es." by Robert Louis .Stevenson.
"Farthest North," by Fridtipf Xansen.
"Hugh Wynne," by S. Weir Mitchell.
"Andronike," by Stephanos T. Xenos.
"Gondola Days," by F. Hopklnson
Smith.
It is worthy of note that "Quo Vadis"
continues the best selling book on the
market, and that Hall Calne's "The
Christian," which had a large sale when
published last year, is not in the lists.
C. D. Gibson is making for Scribner's
Magaaine a series of drawings under the
general title of "A New York. Day." He
■will undertake to represent therein the
typical scenes of a typical twenty-four
hours in that city. The June number will
contain his ob3ervations of the life of the
worker and of the leisure person during
the morning hours. They include scenes
on the ferries, on the elevated roads and
In clubs and homes.
The announcement made last week that
Mr. W. D. Howells will contribute a se
ries of letters to literature will be taken
as an Indication that the management has
decided to consult the tastes of readers
on this side of the Atlantic, in devoting
more space thaan formerly to American
books and American literary topics.
At a late reception at tha French
Academy the speech of the day was de
livered by the Comte d'Haussonvile. It
contained an unfriendly reference to
Zola's "Debacle," which was tumultuous
ly applauded.
BOOKS RECEIVED.
"The Open Boat and Other Stories" — Stephen
Crane. Doubleday & MeClure, publishers
Price, $L
"A Boy I Knew and Four Dogs" — Laurence
Hutton. Harper & Brothers.
"Four for a Fortune"— Albert Lee, J. S
Ogrilvie. Price, Jl 26.
"The Man Who Outlived Himself— Albion
W. Tourgee. Fords, Howard & Hurlbert, pub
lishers. Price, 75 cents.
"Walewska, a Tale of the First Empire" —
Lina Hartlett Ditson. F. Tennyson N'ealy,
put. Usher.
"The Rise of the Empire"— Walter Besant.
M. F. Mansfield, publisher. New York. Price.
50 cents.
"Melr Ezofovitch"— From the Polish of Eliza
Orzeszko. For sale by William Doxey. Price,
$1 60.
"Hassan, a Fellah"— Henry Gillman. Little.
Brown & Co., Boston.
"Aunt Elvira Abroad"— William Burt Har
low. J. P. Ogilvie, publisher.
"Christ In the Daily Meal"— Norman Fox.
Fords, Howard & Hurlbert, publishers.
"Advanced Rules"— Henrietta Shattuck. Lea
& Shepard. Price, 50 cents.
"Brockenbourne"— Virginia Frazer Boyle. Kir
sale by Poxey. Price, $1 60.
"Ppcline and Fall of the Roman Empire" —
Gibbon. For sale by William Doxey. Price,
$2 a volume.
"Two Prisoners" — Thomas Nelson Page. R.
H. Russel. publisher.
"Coal Catechism"— William Jasper Nicolls.
J. B. Llpplncott Company. Price, $1 50.
"The Earnest Communicant"— Most Rev.
Ashton Oxenden. For sale by Doxey. Price,
35 cents.
! ments, at which only the best talent ob
; tamable will participate.
The grand president paid an official vis
it to < >phir Lodep last Wednesday, and the
large membership and visitors greeted
him cordially. There were a numb, r of
short talks, and the evening passed off in
a pleasant manner.
Encouraging reports from all parts nf
the jurisdiction are being: received at the
office of the grand secretary.
K NIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Unity Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
had a very pleasant social In Crystal
Hall, Pythian Castle, last Thursday night,
which was attended by a large number of
the members and their lady relatives and
friends, and there were also a good num
ber of the friends of the membership. A
well selected programme of dances was
presented by S. W. Gates, W. T. Lansfield
and J. L. Brown, the committee of ar
rangements.
two league teams meet they are both anxious
thru the other should understand Its system of
play, but it sometimes takes considerable time
to enter into an explanation, and there are also
occasions when either by reason of the fact
thnt It la presumed the adversary knows all
about it. or ("mm Inadvertence, the fullest and
most satisfactory explanation may not be
given If the league recognized a system to be
called either the league system or the Ameri
can system it would be very simple when two
teams met for each to explain to the other in
what respects, if any. the system that it fol
lowed differed from the standard adopted by the
league. This would not in any way curtail
originality, which should be encouraged rather
than frowned upon, but It would make it much
more easy for strangers meeting to understand
each other's systems and ldeaa.
A LAUGHABLE WHIST SITUATION.
One evening when Washington Irving. Kver
ett and Bancroft were chatting over dlplomatio
reminiscences. Everett told Mow he and ths
Neapolitan ambassador had been presented to
hfr Majesty Queen Victoria. Lord Melbourne
'intimated that they would be expected to Jr>lo
in a game of whist with the Duchess of Kent.
"I play but a very poor game myself," said
Melbourne; "in fact. I scarcely understand it."
"And I," said the Neapolitan to Everett, "am
a very bad player, and should I happen to ba
your partner, I invoke your forbearance In ad
vance," to which the American envoy replied
that he knew very little of the game himself.
"Here." said Everett, in relating it. "were
i three dignified persons, clad in gorgeous attire,
solemnly going to play a gam.^ they Imperfectly
! understood, and for which none of them cared
a straw." Upon reaching the duchess' apart
ments the ambassador* were formally pre
sented, and then at her Invitation sat down to
play. As soon as the cards were dealt a lady
in-waiting placed herself at the back of the
duchess and the latter said: "Tour excellencies
will excuse me If I rely on the advice of my
friend here, for I must confess that I am really
a very poor player." This was too much for
Everett's gravity, and it was only with tha
greatest effort • that he could refrain from,
laughing aloud at the ludicrous formality of the
; situation. — Detroit Free Press.
THE AMERICAN WHIST PLAYER.
This is the name of a new monthly magazine
that will soon be issued from Boston, with
Lander M. FSouve. the well-known whist au
thority and expert, as editor. The series if
whist articles that have appeared weekly in
the Boston Transcript were fiom his pen, and
are second to none in this country-
The whist players of California and the en
tire Pacific Coast have known Vr. Bouve in
the whist world for several years, and will be
glad to welcome him to his new whist home.
WHISTLETS.
Whist for -May comes a little late this
month, but it is full of interesting whist top
ics. The front page has a beautiful portrait
of Mrs. Joseph K. Hawley, wife of Senator
Hawley of Washington, D. C, the newly
elected president of the Woman's Whist
League. John T. Mitchell, father of duplicato
whist, writes a very interesting: article on
••A I>-ague System of Whist Play" that every
lover of the game should read. E. C. • Howell
tli-- -short suit" champion, furnishes his solu-
Uon of the Howell method problem of com
puting the Kom In pair matches. Hon
George L. Bonn gives some good whist t»<»
sons in bin "Whist Catechism." In fact Whist
for. May is a special number devoted' to tha
Woman's Whist Congress. Among, other good
thln.es It has performed a wonderful cmount of
labor Mn tabulating the scores for the entire
Mrs. Margaretta WetherPll Wallace whist
editor of th« New York Post. vi JS Mrs Hw- '
ley. the new teacw pn*ident, is a woman of k
exceptional executive ability, and under her I
Won^L C l!e r P X a!CtS a bappy future for the
\> oman s I^ea^'ie.
Ceorge E. Bates, ex-president of the San
Francisco Whist. Club, says the Rldeout tro
phy is getting dusty, -and it 1b quite, time that
come ■of the whist clubs challenged for It.
Whafa.the matter with Sacramento'fHE POSTER ARTIST AND hj'S FOUR CREATIONS
IN the land of Ought-to-be— which
is an altogether different place
from the realm of Might-have-been
—the first night of a theatrical per
formance will take place after the
play itself has run for a couple of
■weeks or more.
If "The Poster" could be put on at
the Tivoli all fresh to the public, all fa
miliar to the performers, a week from
to-morrow night, with the experience
the company and the authors have now
of its few deficiencies and its many
good qualities, what an interesting first
night it would be. Unfortunately, two
weeks more of rehearsals could not do
what two weeks of public performances
would. But in this "The Poster" is
only in line with the disappointments
of the rest of the world, and is handi
capped just as we all are by the ab
surd provision which makes experi
ence, sound judgment and wisdom — ar
tistic and otherwise — come at the
wrong end of one's life.
In the land of Ought-to-be the mu
sic of "The Poster" would not have
had all the sparkle and go taken out
of it by having been sung in a key two
notes lower than it was written. In
that same delightful place the boast
you hear at the Tivoli that "The Pos
ter" is over nowadays by 11 o'clock
could have been made the nrst night;
instead we were all afflicted with a
shuddering consciousness that after 11
last Monday the curtain was just
coming down on that effective finale of
the second act. In that same Utopian
country the exuberance of the com
pany would have been chastened. Its
members would not have been so Tivoli,
60 to speak.
San Francisco has yet to chronicle
a failure at the Tivoli. The author and
the composer whose first effort is pro
duced at this house has the absolute
certainty of that first, best gift to tal
ent—a good hearing. The Tivoli's rep
utation is such that no matter how
novel, no matter how untried an ex
ent it make In the way of enter
tainment, it may count upon the confi
dence and the dollars of the public. All
of this it deserves, for there isn't a
theater in town that has done more to
and to keep a reputation. But
If the new author is to be congratulat
ed in reaping the benefit of this well
established reputation, he is also to be
ded with. A good hearing his play
shall have, a good setting, too. It shall
be presented by a company that aver-
Idering the scale of prices at
this house — very well. But his music
fhall be sung, his words shall be spo
ken, his play shall be acted — not as he,
their creator, wills, but as they, the in
terpreters, decree. And the decree of
the Tivoli company, with very few ex
ceptions, is that "The Poster," or what
ever it may be so fortunate and so un
fortunate to be, shall be presented in
precisely the same way that any other
comic opera or operatic comedy or mv-
Fical burlesque that has the good luck
and the perverse fate to fall into their
musical clutches would be. There is
but one way, is their creed, and that
way is the Tivoli way.
Thf» result of this comic opera pater
nalism is that of all beneficent despot
isms, political or artistic. It works
very well with the ordinary subject. It
Is fun for the average, but death to the
exception. Any production at the Tiv
oli will have the benefit of the Tivoli
company's good nature — not a small
thing this — and its good will. For the
Usual run of comic operas this is suf
ficient to insure the Tivoli's usual well
to-do success. But when it comes to
the odd member of the musical family,
when something that is not exactly a
farce nor an old fashioned tune-y opera
nor an Eastern success nor an oper
atic revival is given to them — they
rheerfully pretend it is ona or the other
t>r all of these things, and with sweet
complacency and unwearied good in
tention act and sing it exactly as its
maker would not have it sung and
».cted.
Of course, this very natural fault Is
not peculiar to the Tivoli, but is com
mon to the stock companies of all sorts.
'The Poster" is not a marvel of wit m»r
i dream of melody, but merely a novel
satirical composition, far too good in
(hese days of dearth of originality to
oe allowed to pass unregretted into
the limbo of plays which have been
produced and are not failures. Be
sides, it holds some one's opportunity.
tts novelty, its unusualness, have sig
aiflcance for the talented actor who has
individuality and energy enough to see
»nd to take advantage of it. The suc
;fss of the "First Born" and of the
players who produced it at the Alcazar
jny'in the fact of its newness, of its be
ng utterly unlike anything else these
Lcton and actresses had seen or played.
They lacked models. There was noth
ng to copy from. And so these peo
jle. who had done no remarkable work
s<^fore this, fell back upon their own
Drains, upon their own imaginations.
Instead of wooing success in some one
»lse's old garments, instead of trying to
leceive fortune by assuming a copy of
tome one else's old methods, they
lound the tide of success swelling at
iheir feet. Simply because they h*id
vorked the mine that lay within them,
lot the abandoned old claim of some
predecessor. Of course, this refers
nerely to the success of the
Mayers themselves. "The Poster"
jannot be compared to the "First
Born," even as things utterly
lissimilar may be measured according
o rank in each class. But it gave the
Tivoli people the opportunity— a rare
me — of original effort, unhampered by
irecedents. And the Tivoli people gay
>• disregarded the chance, and, all un
tonscious of wasted opportunity, gave
ts the Tivoli version of "The Paster."
•Jot a bad version; good of its kind —
he Tivoli kind, which is quite one's
noney's worth, but which presents such
antalizing possibilities that one can't
telp wishing it were better.
The thing is that success in a stock
nmpany, so well established, so justly
ir.pular as is the Tivoli's, is so easy
hat original thinking becomes un
necessary, antiquated, unheard and un
thought of. Witness Raffael, the ex
treme type, whose words were quite
inaudible and who played the Impres
sionist as he'd play a bandit or a shep
herd or a pierrot or a Romeo — with no
pretense of interest In or assumption of
the qualities of the character whose
role he takes. Rut if Edith Hall, who
has ability; if Stevens, whose bearing
in unmusical, self-respecting comedy is
that of the disinherited knight look
ing longingly back upon his ancestral
hi?me, would think it worth while, they
might be valuable and needed recruits
to the stage. Surely. San Francisco's
small dramatic militia, just now, is on
the most beggarly peace footings.
The Baldwin.
Ysaye, Gerardy and Lachaume will
give a special request concert at the
Baldwin Theater this evening. It will
be the farewell of these three great
musicians, who have completely cap
tured local music lovers by their play
ing at the concerts during the past
week. The programme for to-night's
concert will contain a number of pop
ular features and among them will be
the most brilliant work from the rep
ertoires of both Ysaye and Gerardy.
The latter has come here most highly
recommended and to say that he has
more than fulfilled expectations would
not be an exaggeration.
Jhe Golumbla.
Clay Clement, who is brave enough
to play Matthias in "The Bells" after
Irving's presentation of it in this coun
try, opens at the Columbia to-morrow
night in "The New Dominion." His
role, the Baron Hohenstauffen, Is an
excellent one, and Mr. Clement has re
ceived many notices upon his rendition
of it. The comedy is wholesome and
bracing and its conception of manhood
and womanhood is the highest. Ger
trude O'Malley is Clement's leading
lady.
Jhe. California.
There will be a matinee performance
to-day and one to-morrow at the Cali
fornia, where the Hopkins Trans-
Oceanic Star Specialty Company I>e
gins another week.
The performance of Frank Gardner's
riding baboon shows a vast amount of
training on the part of Mr. Gardner
and in the drinking scene the animil
appears almost human. Juno Salmo,
the contortionist, is seen in an act that
has not been equaled in this city for
difficulty. This man twists himself
up Into a knot ar.d with equal ease and
grace unties himself. Little Lulu gives
a dashing and graceful trapeze act,
closing with a performance on the
swinging rope. The Sidmans win fa
vor in their comedy sketch, as do aleo
Morton Revelle. Morton is decidedly
clever and rattles off his ragtime songs
in a catching manner. The banjo
team, Polk and Kollins, has made one
of the hits of the performance.
Morosco's Qrand Opzra House.
There will be a holiday matinee at
Morosco's to-morrow afternoon, when
a new star, George P. Webster, will
open in the marine spectacular drama,
"Bottom of the Sea." This play had its
first production in the Grand Opera
House, and was again played there by
the Webster and Brady company in
1893. The play is strong in situations
and mechanical and scenic effects.
There are two especially notable
scenes: The one shows the deck of
the French steamer Invincible, with
the machinery at work in laying a
submarine cable. A great storm oc
curs, and the cable parts. The next
scene shows the depths of the ocean.
A diver is engaged at the bottom of
the sea in a terrific combat with a
devil fish. Divers at work splicing the
cable, as well as the denizens of the
mighty deep are also shown. In the
first act there is a wreck in mid-ocean
and other exciting episodes, tend to ex
cite interest in the production. Web
ster is a clever actor, well known in
this city, where he last appeared in the
original Trilby company at the Colum
bia Theater. Max yon Mitzel, a new
member of the stock, will be In the
cast. He comes from the Girard ..ve
nue Theater of Philadelphia.
Jhe TiVoli.
"The Poster" is on for another week
at the Tivoli. It is full of novelties,
of funny bill posters, of well-known
advertising pictures that come to life,
of furniture that becomes animate, of
gorgeous and weird costuming, of
clever hits of all kinds. The topical
scng, "It's All In the Point of View,"
the quintet at the end of the first act,
and the duet, "Cupid, Cupid, You're So
Stupid," are among the hits of the
play. The. scene b«tween the artist
and his four creatior c 'n which some
of his minor efforts curaJ to lif", car
ries out the satirical Idea of the play.
All the Tivoli's clever people are woll
placed and the performance through
out is a most enjoyable one. An Amer
ican nautical opera, entitled "An Amer
ican Hero," founded upon the adven
tures of Paul Jones, will follow.
The
Lewis Morrison will present a play
new to San Franciscans to-morrow,
"The Master of Ceremonies," which is
a dramatization of George Manviile
Fenn's novel. The play is supposed
to occur in the time of George 111, and
pictures the troubles of a proud
Englishman, harassed by poverty and
accused of a crime, of which he is In
nocent. There's a thrilling court scene,
two pretty love romances and a strong
climax. Mr. Morrison plays the role of
the accused father, and Miss Roberts
is Claire, the daughter.
To-morrow afternoon, Decoration
day, a special matinee will be given.
Jhe Orpheum.
The novelty on the bill at the Orphe
um for next week i* Professor Leon- I
TtLK SAJN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1898.
idas ■with his troupe of ten cats and.
twenty (Jogs, -which is recognized every
where as the greatest act c>f its kind
ever seen at a vaudeville house. Other
new features are Musical Johnstons,
who excel as soloists and duetists on
the xylophone, and who obtain some
surprising results from this much-used
instrument. The La Mont family have
been brought ■ direct from Europe by
the Walter Orpheum Company. They
are an acrobatic trio capable of per
forming f^ats that are new and original
even to the Orpheum stage. It would
seem as though the limit of possibil
ities had about been- exhausted in the
acrobatic line, but the La Mimts prom
ise something entirely now. The hold
overs include Ezra Kendall, the humor
ist, who will select entirely new sub
jects for his funny talks this week;
Carroll Johnson, blackface comedian;
Al Leech and the Three Rosebuds; Han.
ry McAllister, the impersonator and
mimic; Colby and Way, the ventrilo
quist and dancing doll, and the Man
hattan Comedy Four, in an entire
change of repertoire. Special matinee
will be given on Monday (Decoration
day), with the regular matinees on
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Jhe Olvjmpia.
The blograph, the greatest of pro
jectoscope machines, with new war
scenes, is on the bill at the Olympia
Music Hall. A number of new scenes
are promised, including Captain Sigs
bee and staff, a skirmish fight, the Am
phitrite and others, including review
of troops and camp life scenes. The
variety olio will Include ten or more
specialty acts, making altogether a
most complete bill. Matinee to-day.
The Chutes.
At the Chutes Free Theater a great
variety of entertainment will be pro
vided for the coming week. William
de Boe, the "upside down man," is a
unique trapeze performer. He does all
of his work while standing on his head.
The animatoscope shows a number of
stirring war scenes, notably the de
parture of the Peking with the boys in
blue manning the yardarms, and the
First Regiment marching down Mar
ket street. Two matinees will be given
this afternoon, and there will be a
number of special features on Decora
tion day.
SJ/\QZ QOSSIP.
The following is a complete list of
the new Frawley company as it will
appear at the Columbia Theater, begin
ning June 13: Miss Madeline Bouton,
Miss Cora Tlnnle, Miss Eleanor Carey,
Miss Fanchon Campbell, Miss Maud
Winter, Edward Bell, Theodore Rob
erts, Fred Williams, Samuel Edwards,
Alf Hlckman, Robert Q. Wilson, Alf
IN THE DRAMATIC LAND OF OUGHT-TO-BE
Hampton, John T. Burke and David
Conger.
Pilar-Morin, the charming French
pantomimist. Is to appear in a Japa
ne?'/ part especially written for her.
with May Irwin's company, next sea
son. Mile. Pilar-Morin speaks English
very prettily, and a greater contrast
than her heautiful small self and
bouncing May Irwin it would be hard
to imagine.
The Baldwin closes for the summer
to-night.
Irving's last great success is In "The
Medicine Man."
Carrie Roma, who so conscientiously
plays the thankless role of the fln de
AMUSEMENTS.
WEES OOMMENCINS BDNDAT, MAT 29th.
A New Bill of King-Pin Vaudeville
Artists and Novelties!.
—SPECIAL—
Grand Matinee Monday. Decoration Day, May 38th.
PROFESSOR
And His Troupe of Wonderfully
TRAINED CATS AND DOGS.
The Mark Tw»in of the Vaudeville Stage.
CARROLL JOHNSON
The Bean Brnmmel of Blaok-FaM Comedy. .
The Lamont Family
Europe's Greatest Aorobati.
... THE - - -
Musical Johnstons
Masters of the Xylophone.
ALTEECH and lthel ROSEBUDS
' The Funny Entertainers.
nha tta n
COMEDY four
America's Best Comedy Quartette.
COLBY <fe lA//\Y
Ventriloquist and Dancing Doll.
HARRY^-S_ISTER
The OnltiTated Mimic. / . .
MATINEE TO^DAyTsUNOAY, May 29
Paro.net, any leat, 250; Balcony lOo;
Children, any part, 10«. i
MIRIAM MICHELSON, Dramatic Editor.
siecle maiden in "The Poster," goes
East to-night.
It is now definitely arranged for the
I new Frawley company to open at th.?
Columbia Theater 071 June 13, in Daly's
"No. 9." Madeline Bouton will be soen
i in the leading role.
Mounet-Sully is producing Jean
j Richepin's "La Martyre" at the Com-
I edie Franeaise.
The latest addition to the Frawley
company is Miss Fanchon Campbell,
j who last season appeared as the Prin
i cess FJavia in "The Prisoner of Zenda."
1 Miss Campbell is raid to be a particu
1 larly pretty woman.
AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS.
I-TmST- COLUMBIA I MATINEE I
Coraraencing theater; SATURDAY, 1
MAY 30. Jno.H. Martin ppescnts 3 1
I Read what , MR. LAY THE EXQUISITE I
Col, R.B. Ingersoll ntn t . pharm nF |
Wrote to Mr. I B/V f^* S\ f| T U " Hnl " U » I
The Cl H^henVtauften Lj i f-B 080 Lj Mil TUC PLAYi B3
"The Ho.henstauffen JLJ ELjQI U L 1 i IML rLMIi M
of your creation has ■■• Mmm. -^F MM. W .  H
the culture of the unl- . ■ ■ ■ , Together with g
varsity, the 1-iif^li breeii ■BHHHBHBBBBBHBBBBB - H
inp of the court, the • MR. S
courage of the army ...IN THE... . «*«%• |
and the courtesy and /->i fJ»/lF:i\l'T D
tenderness of the per- IHBiBll VrfL»l-iTIEm ■ O P
feet Rentleman. - In no g SBL H S nil 4 . " ..." M
instance did you over- >{X Hi I- |||| *> Unique. ffi
Sffi^'ft^Sft ?o ; II rII CharacteHzat«on. |
IT^SS*. ll^^ __".-, ' -As well as the ex- i
too much nor too lit- Wk'MtM*SSg3 . cellcnce or the H
%Jr\2£S*Z&& nr% 1 1 1 il Ift M comp-ny- serves
proportion. You are a P ' 3 I i|fl |S ml g| E E&i make this engagement
I poetic and pathetic in- Ull ill 1111 LI 111 emOrab ' __ " {3
—the Touch of Nature ■# %0 11111 l ■%#■ ■■ Dramatic
poetic and pathetic In- _.._..— .-
tuition that cannot hn IBMI rBWfIIHBBIWIMI FurNT fir ' ■ B
acquired. I congratu- : oiiiCF*?— «l OO 7.1- snd 2Sc LfLlll Ul 'Eg
-^Sil:l!!ij^^ ; " ' THE season. I
_ . , _ — _ _, . __________ _
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
i And a Select Company t'nder the Management
of M. W. Hanley, Presenting
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
| Monday Evenlng-CLAY CLEMENT.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NTOHT (SUNDAY),
GRAND POPULAR FAREWELL.
GERARDY, the Phenomenal Cellist,
YSAYE, the Great Violinist,
And LACHAUME, the Distinguished Pianist.
Request Numbers. A Brilliant Programme. • ■
Popular Prices.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the eeoson.
Music, Danclnp. Bowling. Boating. Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshment* at city prices. Fare, round
trip? Be; Children. 15c; Including admisalosj
j .o ground.^ STEAMER UKIAH _
: Will leava Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. ra.. U:l»,
'■ t and 4 pm. Returning, leav« El Campo at
i 11J5 a. m., \. » and 5 p. m.
Eleanor Duse is to play a second
Paris engagement, beginning ntxt
month. She is the only foreign dra
matic artist in many years who has
succeeded in winning the Parisians'
favors
During the forthcoming engagement
Duse will play Hedda Gabler, which irr
the latest addition to her repertoire.
When she performed Ibsen's grim
play in Lisbon recently the Portuguese
public acclaimed her impersonat : .wn.
Queen Amelie, who saw it, presented
the Italian after the performance with
a bracelet she wore, In token of ncr ad
miration.
Sothern will open next season at the
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
■ Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
TO-MORROW, DECORATION '". DAT.
GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE.
This Afternoon and • To-j»ight. Last Two Per-
., .formances ■of :
THE ELLE FORDS.
In Their Magical' Laughing 1 Success,
"MRS. PARTINGTON AND HER SON 1KB."
To-morrow, Matinee » and -. Evening. | First Ap-
pearance of the Well-known Eastern Star,
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a Magnificent Production of the Great
Spectacular Marine Drama.
THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA!
Noted for its Gorgeous Realistic Fcnic Effects.
Powerful Plot and Thrilling Situations.
A Strong Stock Cast Will Suppoi tnc autr.
SUJRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, May 29, at 2:30 p. m.
SOLDIERS' DAT.
—-AQUATIC EXHIBITION !—
'•; ■ by the .
; VOLUNTEER CORPS
Of Kansas, Colorado. Utah, Minne»ot» and
: Wyoming. ■-.-:. .
—j'- AX>*USSIO.V. lut:; CiUTOUIEN. »o. "
Xew York Lyceum in Anthony Hope's
"The Adventures of Lady Ursula."
"All of my sympathies," says Yvette
Guilbert, "are with Spain. For tha
sake of Spain and hnr cause I am will
ing to assist In having a Te Deum
sung at Notre Dame Cathedral, to Im
plore the pood (Jed to assist this so un
happy country. I had nothing but feel
ings of contempt for Americans. Tbeir
only use in the world is for one to ex
tract dollars from them."
Otero has offered to sell her gems for
the Spanish cause.
"The First Born" will be revived at
the Alcazar after the close of the
Lewis Morrison engagement. Mny
Buckley and nearly all of the origrVtuHJ
company will be it- the cast.
Sothern and Virginia Harned *»>•
playing "The Lady of Lyons" in Phila
delphia.
Beatrice Harraden has decided to
write a play. She has sketched out her
plot and created her characters -with a
sj# cial view to the requirements of El
len Terry, with whom she has been in
consultation on the subject.
Francis Wilson, Pauline Hall. Henry
Dixey and Lulu Glaser take part fn
the revival of "Ermlnie" at the New
York Casino.
Julia Marlowe opened her engagement
Jn Cleveland In a new play, "For 1-Jonnlo
Prince Charley." Tabers place wns taken
by Alfred Kendrlck.
"Mme. Sans Gene" la to be transformed
Into an opera by Augustin Daly.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARTH EATER
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
"YORICK'S LOVEt"
Beginning With
MATINEE TO-MORROW,
DECORATION DAY.
Flr«t Time in This City of the Powerful
DRAMA.
The Master of
Ceremonies!
MR. LEWIS
MORRISON,
In His Original Creation. "*"!
°Er' 1 15 c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
SeaU by Phone— Main 254.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING.
The Brilliant Bucee«»,
The Musical Travesty.
"THE POSTER"
' "IT. MOVES— IT BREATHES."
,VpH/ SCENERY. COSTUMES.
INtW BALLETS. EFFECTS.
Lookout for
"AN AMERICAN HERO."
A New Comic Opera. " _
Popular Prices 25« » a(1 ■•
No Telephone.
THE DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING
AS TAKEN BY THE ANIMATOSCOPB \
IS A GREAT SENSATION. SHOWN
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
FREE THEATER.
SOLDIERS AT. THE CHUTES DAT AND
EVENING.
TWO MATINEES . TO-DAY at 2:15 and 4:IB.
• RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
10c to All, Including Zo j. etc.; Children, Sun-
. days and Holidays. 10c.
r»T VMD! I- Corner o f Mtton and
ULYIVIfIA |, Edd/ Strott.
More soul-inspiring war. scenes. -new life pic-
tures by the Blograph. Captain Sigsbee and
Staff United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships torpedo boats and thrilling Havana
scenes, ami a strong olio of ten Great Special-
ties. Matinee to-d&y. Admission free.
BASE BALL— RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAHT BASEBALL LEAGUHL -
CHAMPIONSHIP OF PACIFIC COAST.
■■ TO-DAY ■ AT-2:16' P. M. " «K«?a«_B
SAN FRANCISCO VS. OAKLAND.
Admlasion 25c. . Children 10c. Indies fra*
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMM ■ ' V OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a :r m firmer.
Wheat anr. ley dull.
Oats weak ■ ■in inactive.
Hay and Peedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds doll.
P. tames weak and Onions steady.
Erps stendy. Cheese easy ar.d Putter weak.
Poultry nominal.
Fruit market well supplied.
Dried Fruit llrm.
Provisions active and stiff.
Wool and Hops dead.
Hides very firni.
Another advance in Hogs.
Bank clearing? gain ns usual.
Shipment of {372,963 to Cliina.
To-morrow a holiday.
TO-MORROW A HOLIDAY.
To-morrow being Decoration Day ar.d a lesal
holiday, business will be suspended through
out the United States.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings laM week were $13.
03.886, against $11,518,896 for the same week
last year.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Doric took out a treasure list of {372.969.
consisting of J'4.3(aj in Mexican dollars. {102,
030 in go!d coin. {2400 in silver soles, $190,234
In silver bullion and $25,000 in American dol
lars.
IMPORT 9 OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur
ing the first four months of the year were as
follows, compared with the same time in 1597:
Sugar. 50.550.000 pounds, against 12r>.472..". r 0:
Coffee, 10,.'04,600 pounds, against 1>, 56i,600; Rice.
25,340,000 pounds, against l&,S98,000.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following flg-ures taken from the bulle
tin Issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department show the value of the
principal articles of merchandise exported
from the United States for the ten months
ended April 30: Breadstuff?. $257. 32". 333; cot
ton. {210,234, 351; mineral oils, $4.".,02>;,533; ca.ttie
ar.d hogs. $2'.>,G82.7n:i; provisions. 128,535,155;
total {60S. 402, 494. The values for the ten
months ended April ;; J,O.J ,0. 1897. were t565.424.A48.
The value of the exports of breadstuffs from
6an Francisco during April was $1,494,385, and
for the ten months then ended {20,895,426.
OUR CANNED GOODS.
The demand for Calif^rnian fruits continues
very strong, says the London Grocers" Gazette,
and with supplies in first hands almost clear
ed, business is almost entirely confined to re
sales at firmer and advancing prices. Re
ports of the growinK fruit crops in California
continue to be bad, and although these re
ports are, to a certain extent, discounted be
cause of their repetition year by year, the fact
remains that packers refuse to contract at
anything like last season's prices. This mar
ket for salmon keeps steady, with a fairly
good demand. The consumptive demand is
reported to be very goiid for so early in the
■eason. and In many quarters it is believed
that the growing dearness of foodstuffs gener
ally will tend to stiffen up prices of salmon.
As' yet we do not hfar of any contracts hav
ing been made for the 1898 pack of either
Alaska or Fraser River salmon. Good flats
are getting into small compass and are want
ed, while 't-Ib flats are practically cleared.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
tires at station indicate minimum temperature
tor the days; those underru-ath it, if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted Enow in Inches
and liundrtdth* during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or rolid lines, connect points of e^'.ial
air presfurt; isothermß, or dotted lines, equal
tempera. The word "high", means lii^h
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair WLCth^r; "low" refers to m*v pres
sure and is usually preceded and ftcoomrianied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coa^t. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and -the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, wanner weather may ho expected
Jn nimmer and i older weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce •an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, May 28. 1898, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported t^-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 58; Fresno, 78; Los Angeles, 72; Red
Bluff. 70; Independence. 78; San I>iegn, 66; Sec
ramonto. 70: San Luis Obispo, 70; Yuma, 90.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 61;
minimum. 50; mean, ,'6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure is rising rapidly in Washington
and Orogrn. which la causing the pky to clear
In California. Showers have occurred during
the past twenty-four hours in- r)ortion3 of
Northern Caltforna and in the region to the
northward. Fair weather is expected Sunday
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 29, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; warmer
In the Sacramento Valley; fresh northwest
■wind.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada, T'tah and Arizona— Fair Sunday
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
brisk westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalp'ais. tak»n
at E p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, 24 miles per
hour; temperature, 50; maximum 54
W. 11. TIAMMON,
Forecast Official
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NE-W -YORK, May 2S.— The fact that to-day
was a holiday in London and that Monday
would be a holiday both in New York and
London had the effect of curtailing speculative
oprratirns < r . stocks. There were two conflict- '
Ing reports In circulation, both coming by dif
ferent routes from the same point in the West
Indies. One alleged that the United States
fleet had been .sunk and that Admiral Samp
eon had been killed, and another that Com
modore Schley had penetrated the harbor of I
Santiago and sunk the Spanish fleet. The mar
ket sold off or. the first and recovered on the
second, but the dealings weft small. Rock {
Island and People's Gas were pushed up again, j
after a preliminary reaction, apparently t.i
shake off some weak following. Their price
was sustained with some difficulty at the close '
and was manipulated by the evident purpose I
of making the last prices the best. The same j
thing was manifest in other stocks. Great ;
Northern continued Its upward course and j
added nearly :" points to its recent remarkable '
advance. Illinois Steel rose 4 points addi
tional, but rear-ted 2 points.' There was a re
action after thf recovery coincident with the
publication of the bank statement, which was
on its face favorable. The market tor stocks
closed near top prices under manipulation late
in the session an.] generally a fraction above
la6t night's closing price.
Prices of stocks show substantial gains over
those of a week ago, though In the latter part
of the week there was a falling off in activity
fend a somewhat settled tendency. The advance
early In the week was largely based on the
unfounded report that the Spanish fleet in
Went Indian waters had already been annihi
lated. The later resistance to decline has been |
fnoournglnjc to the bull' element and the be
lief Is general In Wall street that the power
*«<in»M»i of Cervera'n fleet to do mischief hoe
keen demonstrated and its ultimate defeat by
the United States forces Is confidently ex- ;
j pected. The money marke£ may now fairly be :
j described as plethoric. Although the volume ,
i of bank clearings all over the country indi
cates a' larger use of money than even in 1592,
i funds continue to flow to New York from other
i domestic centers. The United States Treasury
continues to feed out money in the market.
I New York, banks gained over $3,000,000 from
that source ti'is week. '
The country? net gold imports for the fiscal
year will exceed $100,000,000, which has nev»r , i
; Ix-en approached, except in 1881. when it was j
over f97.T00.000. There has ber-n at the same!
! t m« a largely Increased output of gold by the j
I honie mines', liie product for the present year I
[being estimated at $60,000,000. The idea that
the Qovernmmi requirements for carrying on
| the war would! result in any stringency in
money rates has been entirely discarded by
■ financial authorities.
I The bond mnrk-t has broadened during the
■•■■!•: nnd Ims iriv^n e^-'dence of investment
buying at home points. Prices are considerably
. higher a!! around, V'.nitf-a States old s's have !
i advanced '-.. per ■• •■; and the new s'a '.'. r"»r I
j cent in the bid i-r : r — Others fire un^hnrinrod.
I Totnl sales of stockn to-day were 126.400 j
j Bhareß, Including? Atchlson preferred, $980; j
i Burlington, r.SM: Manhattan. G3ou; Rock Island, I
I 10.100: St. Pawl. -11,000; Union Pacific preferred, I
I 3700; People's Gas. 34,700; Sugar, 10,700. -i
j CLOSING STOCKS. • j
i Atchlson i2U|St P & Om 78
Do prefd 31% Do prefd 149 j
i Baltimore & Ohio 17* St P M & M 142 ]
; Canada i'aciflc .. 81% So Pacific 17
I Canada Southern. 62V* |So Railway 8% j
I Central Pacific .. 14 1 Do prefd 30% i
I Ches & Ohio Texas & Pacific 11% <
i Chi & Alton l. r .'> Union Pacific 55% j
1 Chi B & Q 102% U P D & G...... 7% I
: Chi & B 111 54% Wabash 7ft
CCC &St L,,., 347s Do prefd 19%
'Do prefd 75 Wheel & L E 2ft
Del & Hudson 109 Do prefd 1114
I Del L & XV 152 Express Companies-
Den & R G 11% Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 47% American Ex 128
Erie (new) 13 United States 40
Do Ist i<refd.... 35% Wells Fargo 116
Fort Wayne 168 Miscellaneous
Gt Nor prefd..:.. 177 A Cot Oil 21%
! Hocmng Valley .. 5% Do prefd 73%
Illinois Central . .lOSHiAmn Spirits 12%
Lake Erie & \V.. 14% Do prefd 33
Do prefd 72 Am Tobacco 10S%
Lake Shore 190 Do prefd 117
Louis & Nash 5374 People's Gas 101
I Manhattan L 106% Cons Gas 191
| Met St Ry ir,ft% Com Cable C 0.... 160
: Mich Central 105 V. Col F & Iron 22
! Minn St L 25% 'Do prefd ...' 90
Do Ist nrefd 87ft Gen Electric 3>>V
; Mo Pacific 3.->i Illinois Steel 57
, Mobile & 0hi0.... 28 Laclede Gas 47%
Mo X & T 11', Lead S3
Do prefJ ....;... 35Vi Do prefd IC6 ■
Chi Ind & L.... 9% NafLih Oil 20%
Do prefd 30% Or Imp Co 30
N J Central 93ft Pacific Mail 27%
! N V Central 117 Puilman Pal IS9
N V Chi & S L... 13 Silver Certificates 68
Do Ist prefd.... CO Stand R& T 6% .
Do 2d prefd 32 Sugar  137% .
! Nor West 13% Do prefd 113%
j No- Amer C 0...... '<% TC & Iron 25%
; No Pacific 25% U S Leather 8
Do prefd :.. 66*4 Do prefd 6S
i Ontario <t- W..... 15% D.S Rubber 19%
Or R & Nay...:.. 51% Do prefd 78
! Or Short Line..... 30 West Union 91%
Pittnburg 168 C & N W 128% ,
i Reading 18% Do prefd 171
Do Ist prefd.... 45 St L& B W 4% '
Rock Island 105% Do prefd 10%
•St Louis & S F.. VA R G W 25 ■
Do Ist prefd.... 61U Do prefd G3% j •
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Chi G W 14%
' Et Paul 9S"s Haw Com Co 21T« i •
Do r rew 14S
CLOSING BONDS.
I' S new 4s reg.:i22.%|N Carolina Cs 124 j
Do coup 122% Do 4s 105 '
IT S 4s :... 10!)% No Pac lsts 118
Do coup 112 Do 3s 60%
Do 2ds- 92 Do 48 5»5% i
U S 5a reg 111". N V C & S L 45.. 103 . I
Do 5s coup 111% Nor & W.ts 120
District 3.65s 114 Northwstrn cons. 137
Ala class A 109 Do deb 5s :. 114*;
Do B 105 O Nay lsts 113 I
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 96 |
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr 124
Atchlson 4s 90H O S Line 5s tr.... 103%.
Do adj 4s 64^g O Imp Jsts tr.... 109 V.
Can So 2ds 108% .Do 5s tr GO
Chi Term 4s , SSV. Pacific 6s of 95... 103%
C & Ohio 5s 112% Reading: 4s 834 i
C H & D .4%5.... 104% ROW lsts 85%
D & R G Ists 106% St L & I Jit C ss. 94% !
D & R G 4s 93 ■* =t L * S F G 6s. 118% I
! East Term .lsts.. 107 St P Con 145 •
Erie Gen 4s 73 St PC & P lsts.. 117
I>o con Cs 104- Do 5s 115%
F W & D lsts tr. 73V, So Ry 6s ... . 93
Gen Eiec 5s 103U stand R & T 65.. 70 I
G H & S A 65.... 105% Term new set 3s. 87%
Do 2ds .-. 105% T & P I, G lsts.. 105 "
H& T C 55....... 110% Do R? 2ds 35
Do con 6s 104 T" pD&- G lsts... 37% j
lowa C lsts 102 Wab Ist 5s 108
La new cons 45.. 100 Do 2ds 52% '
L" & N Unl 45.... 90 i\\- Shore 45... 108
Missouri 6s 100 ,Va Centuries .. 67V» !
M X & T 2d5.... 61Vj Do deferred .... 5"
Do 4s S9»i f T T p prefd ........ 58%
N V Central lsts. 117% P 4s '.. S4'4 :
N J C 5s 112%' . ' j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 I Ontario 2 75
Crown Point 10 Ophlr ..' 30
Con Cal & Va..:.. • 40 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 5^ I Quicksilver ... 100
Gould & Curry ■15 : Do prefd '. ... 200 '
Hale & Norcross. "90 Sierra Nevada ... 42
Homestake 40 001 Standard 150
Iron Silver 461 Union -Con 10 '
Mexican ISi Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May Atchison, 12%; Bell Tele- !
phone. 268; Burlington. 102%; Mexican Central,
j t%; Oregon Short Line, 25.
•LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 28.— The Evening Post'B
London financial cablegram says: The. only j
feature to-day was the revival of the demand' '<
of (fold for Russia In the London market. '
Notwithstanding this money ruled at 2\% p«r ■
cent and the FTench exchange was higher.
CLOSE.
Money, 2^2V per cent; bar silver, firm at '■
2C"»d per ounce; bar gold Is quoted at 77b 9Vid.
LONDON, May. 28.— A1l Liverpool and Lon- i '
don exchanges are closed to-day.
PARIS, May 28.— Spanish 4s "closed at 32% c,. ;
a net gaJn of 7-16 c.
j MADRID, May 2S.^Spanish 4's closed to-day
i -at 59.80. Gold was quoted at 82.50.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK,. May 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
151.722 barrels; exports, 11,566 barrels. Weak
and lower with Wheat; Winter patents, $6 40®
6 «." ; winter straits, $C 10<£6 25; Minnesota
patents, $•'• 60^7 10; winter extras, $5 4D; winter
low grades. $2 t»o(g3.
• WHEAT— Receipts, 394.800 .bushels; exports,
. none. Spot weak; No. 2 red, $1 33V4 t. o. b.
afloat. Options were somewhat demoralized to
day, opening weak under bearish crop news,
they rallied bris<*iy on July covering and' then
collapsed under heavy foreign selling and gen
eral liquidation, closed lie off on Hay 4Vfec
lower on July and lVt<s'2*<c lower on distant
months. Sales included -No. 2 red May closed
$1 35; July, $1 OSV'I 13%, closed $1 O.tV4; Sep
tember, closed 66% c; December, &3V,'aS4=v
closed 83% c. w .■*-.
■ HOPS— Quiet; -State common to choice 1595
crop, 3@4c; 1596 crop. 6<g'7c; 1897 crop, 12@14c;
Pacific Coast. 1895 cr.op, 3@>4c; 1896 crop, 6(fi)7c
1597 crop, 12&14 C. .T '
WOOL— fleece, 16@22c; Texas, 12@14c.
• PETOLEUM— DuII. . .
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet; Southern. $9 75(3
■11 25: Northern, $IC®ll 76. 
COPPER— lake brokers', ll%c. '
LEAD— Steady; brokers', $3 65: ' '
TlN— Plates quiet.
COFFEE— Options - closed steady at un
! changed prices to 15 points net higher. Sales,
! 14,250 bags, including June, $5 S5. Spot Coffee—
J Rio, steady; No. -7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
I 7c; Mild— Steady; Cordova, BVi<filsV4c.
■SUGAR- Riw, firm: fair re.ilnlng. 3V*c; cen
j trifuenl. 96 test. 4 3-16 c. Refined— Firm; mold
A. -5%c; standard A, 5%c; confectioners' A.
sV*e; cut loaf, 5%c; crushed, 5%c ; .powdered.
5%c; granulated, 5%c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6000 packages. Western
creameries, 13>.$.'S!6c; Elgins, 16^c; factory, 11
@12% c. • • - . S
Receipts, 84S8 packages. Western, .12
@12^c; Southern, HM@ll^c. •
• . ■•• , ■
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 28.— California Dried
Fruits — Apples, firm; other fruits, steady.
■• EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6<g:Sc;
prime wire tray, 9@9>£c;.wood dried prime, h%c;
choice. .S'^fjlOo; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4f7B»..;c.
APRICOTS— RoyaJ. S'ainc; Moorpark, 10*5>12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 5&»c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 28— At the start In wheat
there was more or less covering by shorts. In
view of the holiday on- Monday, and the
nervous condition for trade seemed to be dis
posed to, even up. The demand from that in
terest was respotuHble for the early strength,
I but when buyers were satisfied and withdrew
trade became sluggish. £ The bear news multi
plying and. the .bull interest getting no support,
i tli.; celling rush became afttnvsiiive ana vig-
I orous and was rushed with' such energy' that
; everything was swept before it. Liquidation
! soon became as urgent as the .short selling
I the market - getting demoralized. ; The I impres
sion became general that Leiter had lost con
trol and was no longer, able to resist the nat
ural course of prices. There "was no Liver
pool cables, bat the crop news continued -to
gr.ow more bearish. St. Louis reported new
wheat already in that market. , There was con
siderable reaction during the last half hour *
as the shorts showed - a strong disposition to
even up. July closed ; 2%©3% c lower and Set>
tember lost l%c. May closed, ct $175 ■
The weather was . too wet for the g-ood of
corn and there was snme activity on the Dart
of the bull crowd. When '. wheat : broke : corn
went with it, but there was a complete re
covery la t«r. July closed Vie higher. , ■
The fluctuations in corn controlled oats July
opened unchanged and closed at 24Vi<&2-i>,4e a
loss -of : &C. . •: . ■■, .-.•. -. ■■ ' .;. ; . - , ? x... *.»'—..
There was some selling of ribs ' and pork
through commission houses. Pork was weak
for a while, but rallied near the / close. Ribs
are 6c lower. ; Pork s declined •. 7%c and lard is
about unchanged . from yesterday. ■ :
.Holiday on. the Board of Trade Monday.
The leading /mures ranged as follows: "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MAT 29, 1898.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3— . , _
May.... 172 175 170 175
July 105 ft 106 101 ft 104%
! September ......... 85 85 82% 83%
: December ......... "80% 81 ■ -79% 79? i
I Corn No. 2— 33 33 32% 32T4
May 33 33 32ft 32%
July 33% 33% 32% 33
September 34% 34% 33%. 33%
Oats No. —
May : 27 27% 26% 26%
July ..:... 24% 24% 23% 24%
September 21% 22% 21% 21%
Mess -Pork, per bbl—
July .1155 1162% 1133. 1147%
September 1170 1172% 11 £.0 1160
! Lard, per. 100 lbs—.
i July .....6 10 , 6 12% 6 07% 6 12%
! September .' 6 17% 6 22ft 615 620
I Short Ribs, per 100 li>s—
I July ..■ 5 82% 585 680 585
September 5 92% 595 C 87ft 595
.Cash quotations were as follows: ■
Flour, steady; winter patents, {6 50@6 70;
i straits, $G«fS 20: hard spring .patents, $7 20'a'7 40;
bakers', $4 90f?5 15: No. 2 spring Wheat. $1 15®
1 20: No. 3 spring Wheat. $1 10(&l 30; No. 2 red,
{1 G7: No. 2 Corn. 32% c; No. 2 Oats, 26(§2G%c;
| No. 2 white, 3»<&30%c; No. 3 white, 2S@2B%c;
, No. 2 Rye, 48@S0c: No. 2 Barley, 375'45c; No. 1
Flaxseed, $130; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 85®
2 90; Mess Pork, per barrel, $11 45^11 50; Lard,
j per 100 pounds. $6 10®-6 12%: Short Rib Sld«e. i
I loose, $5 755?6 10: Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed.
5«>5%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed. $6 25@6 35;
| Sugars, cut loaf, 5.88 c; granulated, 5.25 c. •
I Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
' Flour, barrels .: 9.100 12.100
Wheat, bu.-hels 187.100 . 381.400
! Corn, bushels 554.000 645.000
Oats, bushels 7,400 ■ .'.< /-" ; 600
; Rye, bushela < ' — ■■•
'; Barley, bushels 14,600 11.P00
! On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
i market was firm; creameries, 12@16c; dairies,
I ll@l3c. Eggs, orcn; fresh, 10c. . Cheese, un
changed. !
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 184.260 56.160
Duluth 170,651 '■ 227.292
Milwaukee ...., 27,320 3.825 !
Chicago 157.173 33.146
Toledo 170.740 . 138,000
St. Louis 31.000 54,000
Detroit 12,182 3,531
Kansas City ....'. 92,000 44,000
Totals 875,306 • 905.269
Tidewater —
Boston -. .101.095 104,000
New York 354.500
Philadelphia :.. 8,384 13.7C1
Baltimore ;
New Orleans 112,000
Totals I
' PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— • May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 64 25 52 33 j
Closing
Flour-
Opening 23 35 23 40
'Closing . . .' ■. .....'
LIVERPOOL- WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Holiday. ■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 28.— CATTLE— The' receipts
of cattle this week foot up 50.550 head. Prices
are 10<g20c lower than a week ago. Choice to
good steers, $4 6.i<iTs 20; mediums, {4 43@4 65; '
stockers and feeders, $4@5; cows and heifers, !
$3 40<§"4; Western steers, $4@4 75.
— Were s<J?loc lower than yesterday v%<\
204125 c lower than a week ago. Lights, .{3 703 I
4 15; mixed and butchers, $3 95@4_30; heavy,
$3 98®4 35; pigs, $2 70@3 90.
5 SHEEP — Were steady at the recent advance.
Common to choice sheep, $35?4'60; exports, %i 40;
fancy yearlings, $4 70; clipped lambe, $4'f?s 25;
wooled lambs', {5 70®6 10; spring lambs. {6ig7.
Receipts— 300; Hogs, 11,000; Sheep.
2000. . ' ■
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1900.
Market steady. Native beef steers. $4-t?4 85;
Western steers, $3 60ifri 10; Texas steers,' $3 50<a>
4 2S; cows and heifers, $3 50<@4 25; stockers and
feeders, $3 8B@5; bulls, stags.' etc., $2 Tyai
HOGS— Receipts. 7000. Market 10c lower.
Hmvy, ?4 o:,'@4 15; mixed. $4 05(g4 10; light, $4®
4 10: bulk of sales. $2 r.OfM'lo.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3500. Market strong. Fair,
to choice natives. $3 75^4 25; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60!?T4 3",; common and stock sheep.
$3@4; lambs, $4 25©5 75.
X- ■■:■?■ KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. May 28.— CATTLE— Receipts.
100. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 5500. Market weak to oc
lower. Bulk of sales, $4@4 25; heavies, *4 13<3>
4 30; packers, $3 95(8-4 20; mixed. *i 90®4 22%:
lights, $3 75@4 10; yorkers. $4 of><&s 10; pigs, $3
<g3 £0. " - ->; -
SHEEP—
DENVER.
DENVER, May CATTLE— Receipts, 2600.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 50@4 65: cows,
$3@4 50; feeders, freight paid to river, $4^4 60;
stockers. freight paid, $4@4 CO; bulls, stags,
etc.. $2 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market 10c lower: firm.
Light packers. $4 10<g>4 15; mixed, *4 05@4 10;
heavy, $4@4 10. : ■-■-.'•
SHEEP — Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
ASSOCIATED BAJS'K STATEMENT.
NF.W YORK, May 23.— The Financier says:
The statement of the accumulation of the Asso
ciated Banks of N"w York for the week ending
May 2S, reflects a continued actton of Idle funds
at this center, although the expansion of 15,202,
4WI In the loan account is a certain Indication
that business Is Improving.
The banks gained $6,744,000 in ca*h which,
added to the loan Increase, accounted for the
unusually heavy growth of $15,018,600 In de
posits within the last seven' days.
The Interior banks are Increasing their bal
ances here, three millions of imported gold
came Into New York last week and the
disbursements, due to war expenses, show no
signs of diminution. Against this the only
losses have heen in the shape of remittances
to Southern banks, and these, are not nearly as
large as receipts. The movement from the in
terior Is only normal at this season. Perhaps
some of the loan expansion represents pur
< ha^e? of sterling exchange- not included In the
previous statement; but now that money rates
abroad have fallen. • this form of Investment
will not be as conspicuous &s In the early part
of the j-ear. The month - ' May has been
marked by some noteworthy changes In the
bank totals. Loans have Increased over $19,
000,006; deposits. $?.7.000.nri0; cash, $18,557,000, and
surplus reserves, $9,200,000.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. May 28.— Exports oi silver
from this port for the week ending to-day ag
gregated $733,723. . ...
The Imports of specie at New York for the
wwk endins 10-day were $1,836,355 In gold and
<1 .2 4 in silver. • .
The exports of dry goods and general mer
chandise for the week were valued at $7,827,
210. .
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES"
NEW YORK, May 2S._ The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California .Cherries at open .auction
to-day, realizing prices as follows: Royal
Anne" $2 60; Centennial. $170; Black Tartar
ian, 65ciJ?$l 70; Governor Wood. f>f>f?Boc.
CHICAGO, May 28.— Black • Tartarian, 60c<g!.
$110; Bigereau, $1: Centennial, 80c@$l..
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET:
PORTLAND, Or. May 28— WHEAT— Dull:
quotations nominal; Walla Walla, 82c; valley
and blue stem, SSo.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., May 28.— N0 Wheat mar
ket; quotations widely ranged; 83c to 88c for
clul> and 86c to 91c for blue stem.
CASH- IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON! May 2S.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $200,751,000; gold reserve,
$172,796,391.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 23.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling, 6Hc
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 28.— Exchanges, $113,
107; balances, $20,188.
LOCAL MARKBTa
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. •
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, GO days — • • 4 87
Sterling Cables ..... ...... — 4 87%
New York Exchange, 5ight.;...... — 12^
"New York Exchange; telegraphic. — . 15
Fine Silver,- per 0unce........ — ."67%
Mexican D011ar5,..........".......... 48 46V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. ■ -
WHEAT— There- will no market Monday, as
the day. ls a holiday."
, Futures were lower, again, but the spot market
was dull and unchanged. I Crop . prospects have
been greatly Improved by the late rains.
Spot wheat: Shipping, $1 50@l 52%;" milling,
$1 60@l 65 per ctl. ; - : t :C; : i -V ■: ■
CALL BOAHD SALES.
. Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 45: BCOO,' $1 46; 4000, $1 46%; 20,000 V
»1 46>4; 16,000, $1 46%; 10,000. $1 46%. ■ -
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 46;
2000. $1 ■ 46»i ; 6000, $1 . 46Vi. , : .- ,
■ Retrular morning session December— ctle
$1 46%; 12,000. $1 46Vi; 6000, $1 46%. : .
BARLEY— The . market continues dull and
! Feed, $1 22%(??1 27" ■ Brewing, II 35@1 45.
CALL : BOARD SALES.
' Informal session— :ls> o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls, |1 17%; 36,000, *1 18. :.
Second session — No sales. • -.:. . ,
-Regular morning ■. . session December— 12,000
ctls, $1 18V4. ,•_ ': \." - ... ' ' ■ ■:■.■ . ■■■■;■■ -.- ..•■;■
OATS— Are weak and quiet at the decline.
■' Fancy Feed, I $1 -40 per ctl; good ,to choice,
Jl 32%@1 37>'- v common. $1 30@l 32% : | Surprise.
$1 ; 40«fl 45; gray, $1 32U@;i 35; : milling, -$1 35®
140 per ctl. " .: . "; : / .;
CORN— The market Is very quiet at the mo
ment. Offerings are not heavy.
Small round yellow $1 25 per ctl: large yel
low, $1 07^4^1 10. white $1 07V4@1 10 per ctl.
RYE-$1 36@1 38\ per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—*! 75<g-l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND_MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Famiiy extrs, $5 75@5 85; Bakers'
Extras, $5 50fi5 GO per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100:
Rice Flour. $C; Cornmeal $' ?0; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmefil $4- Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2.''53 50- Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat $3 ";■ Farina $-1 ".': Whol»
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oata fbarrels). $5 SO
*?6 20; in sacks. IS 6006: Pea rf Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 5C ;>er 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEED6TUFFB.
There was no change in anything yesterday.
There is a Hay corner In British Columbia
which may attract some of the northern Hay
which has recently been coming here, but no
effect Is visible- so far. The feeling Is steady.
BRAN— <lfi sC#l6 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $27<ff28 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill $3iiS3l ''0; Jobbing,
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cak«, $24&"25; Cottonseed
Meal. $^'530 per ton; Cornmoal. $24 50; Cracked
Corn. $25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lotsO— Wheat. $20<j?
24 60; Whent and Oat $ 9 0fa2:;: Oat, $17(ft 1 19;
Barley, $16^18; compressed Wheat. $21«24:
compressed Oat. iV.'nV.i; Alfalfa. ■$12'tf13 50;
Clover, nomlnnl: Tlmotliv. $ 1 4Tj 1 7 r.O.
NEW HAY— Wheat wire-bound, $17 50<? 20; vol
unteer wild Oat $1.Wi16 Cl.ver and Oat. $12 50
@13 CO; Barley, $16; "Island Barley, $13@15; Al
falfa. $12^13 50.
STRAW-70c@$l per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans and Seeds are dull at the old prices.
BEANS— $2 90@3 05; Small Whites,
$1 95<g-2 10; Large Whites. $1 90@2 05; Pinks,
$2 65<g>2 75; Reds, $3; Blackeye,- $3 75; Butters,
$1 78@2; Llmas, $3@3 10; Pea, $2(g > 2 15; Red Kid
neys, $2 65@2 85 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@2 50 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $3 15<{?3 2">; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%@'2%c per lb; Alfalfa. s®6c; Rape, 2»4@
2?ic; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. s®sV4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75®2; Green, $1 90@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND " VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, }2%0tf0 per lb; Green
Peppers, 15<§-20c; Tomatoes, $1 »o<g>2 25 per box.
The Potato market continues weak, owing to
the free receipts from the river, 2700 boxes
coming In yesterday. There *1 no change In
Onions. Vegetables show no particular change,
supplies being ample. .
POTATOES— River Reds, 40@r.0c: River Bur
l.anks. Co@7sc per- s^ck; Oregon liurbanks, SSO
75c; Petaluma Burbanks, 55<f?0.">c per Back: new
Potatoes, -\@Hic per lt> In sacks and 65cig'$l 25
in boxes.
ONIONS— Australian Jobbing at $4 50©5; new,
Eo(fi7sc_per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 542 boxes As
paragus, 96 boxes Rhubarb, 284 sacks Peas
and 69 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2T/2 25 for extra large; $1 50@l 7.".
per box for No. 1, 50c@$l 25 for small Rhubarb,
35@65c per box for small to good' and 75c
for extra choice; • Green Peas, $I@l 50 per
sack; Garden Peas. 2<&"2 I per lb; String Beans,
fi'nlOc; Wax Beans, S@loc; Horse Beans, 40@
50c per sack: Summer Squash. Jl<j?l 25 per box;
Pried Peppers. 6@7c per It>; Dried Okra. 12^c;
Cabbage,. 65«?T75c per ctl: Carrots, 30<i?30c per
sack; Cucumbers, i2'^<gsOc per dozen; Marys
ville Cucumbers, 75c(?i$l 25 per box; Mexican
Tomatoes, per box; new Garlic, s@Cc
per Tb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes F.llce<l. raw, 12c per lb in lots, of 25
Tb; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. ISc;
CnJ)bRKe. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
23c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern will arrive this week.
Quotations were nominal as usual on Saturday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@llc for Gob
: blers and Bigilc for Hens; Geese, per pair.
75c@$l: Goslings. $lffl r>o; Duck.s. $3@3 SO for
old and $3 50@5 for young; Hens, ' $3@4;
| Roosters, young-, $7@9; R<Mist°rs. old, S3<{£4;
i Fryers, $5@6 50; Broilers, $4@5 for large,
; $2 oO@3 f.O for small; Pigeons, $1 25<#1 75 p«r
j dozen for young; and $l@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal. ■
BUTTER, ' CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is very weak, and 20c is an extreme
quotation. Cheese Is also weak and quiet.
There Is no change In Eggs. ;. ''■
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 19@20c; sec
| onds. is@is^e. ;<-:'•■
Dairy — to fancy, 17@lSc; common
I grades, 15@16%c per Ib.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16$
16% c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per tb; Elgin. 17M:
@lSc.
CHEESE— mild new. 9c: old. 7H@BHc:
Cream Cheddar, lOifllo; Young America, 10@
llo; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS — Ranch Ebe-r. 14J?lfie per dozen: store
Eggs, 134«j»Uc; Eastern. UM@lso: Duck Eggs,
16c. _____
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries came In late and their sale was
accordingly affected. Apricots, were firm, and.
In fact, they bid fair to remain so throughout
the season, as the crop is shy. Plums do not
sell readily, being too green.
Strawberries are arriving In better condition
arid are firm. The other berries show little
change.
Stocks of Oranges are steadily getting
smaller.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were {50 chests of Strawberries and
2509 boxes of Cherries and 360 boxes Apricots.
Strawberries, %2 Rfirrf-4 per chest for large and
$4(gß 50 for small berries In basketß, and — for j
I loose.
White Cherries, 20fg>40c per box: black, 35®
| 65c; Royal Annes, 50@76c; loose Cherries, IV4@ j
2%e for whit* and B<ff4c per lb for black
Currants, 35@S0c per box. • I
Blackberries. $1 25 per crate.
Plums, 73e<5$l per crate and 50c@$l per box;
Cherry Plums, 40@60e per drawer.
Apricots, 35@S5c per box and ■ 60c@$l per ;
crate for Prlngles, 75c@$l 60 per box for Royals I
and seedlings.
Gooseberries, l@2c per "lb for common and j
4<ST5c for- English.'
Newcastle Raspberries, $I@l 50 per crate: >
Nearby Raspberries, 40@50c per drawer.
Apples, 50c@$l 50 per box; new Apples, 30@50c S
per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50@3 23.; !
Seedlings. 75c®tl 25;. Lemons, BOciJTII for com
mon .and $1 26491 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50@l; California Limes, ■ in small
boxes, 4i><iiT,oc; Hananns, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, J3(g'4 per dozen. .x .*'*■-,
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The fair demnnd continues and the feellnc- Ik
firm.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4?i@
6c for 40-50" s. iV t &CAc for RO-60's. Z%r§ic for
60-70's. 3\i<g3%c for 70-80's, 2%<f»:ic for SO-Wi'r. 2Vi
@2%c for 90-100' Peaches, sc: farcy, s&fg)
6c; peeled, 10@12V4c; Apricots.' s@GVfcc for Hoy
als anil TfiSc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated' Apples, 7 1 ifl 1 8c; sun-dried, 4H<ssc;
Black Figs in sacks, 2@2%c: Plums, 4V6'!?4%e
for iiltteu and l<4®l'/4c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@sVie: Nectarines. 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@4^c for quarters and 3@5«4e
for halves, according to color, etc. '
• RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, .3c for three
crown. S%C for four-crown, 4"% c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless -Muscatels and $1®
1 10. for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V6c.
NUTS— <'h-stnuts are quotable at 8c per lb; j
Walnuts. 3(iJ4c for hardshell and 4i^6c for soft- i
Bhell; Almonds, 3(g'4c for hardshell, 6@7c for J
softshell, BM>@9c fur paper-shell; Peanuts, 4<ft>
5%c for Kastern and 4V.C for • California; Pe
cans, 6%<?rßc; Filberts, 9V4®loc; Bra2ll Nuts,
S@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 E«o> per 100. .
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower gTades; water- white «xtracted, 6%@
6c; light amber extracted. 4»4@5%c per lb. •
BEESWAX— per lb. ;
PROVISIONS.
Trade Is good and prices rule firm. Dealers
are trying to get an advance for Bacon. .;:- ,,;^
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10c for light, i
lie for extra light and 12@12%c for sngar cured;
Eastern BUgar cured Hams, 10fe@llc; -Cali
fornia Hams. SViWlOc; Mess Beef, $10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra- prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef. 12@12V2C per
lb. '--. - ■: r-v  ■ ... - ■ ■ .. .. ... .
LARD — Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb j
for compound and B^c for pure; pails. 9%c: :
California tierces, 6V>c per • lb for compound
and 7%c for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-Ib
tins, BVic; 5-lb tins, B%c. : '■■■'« * . '- . ~
:-- COTTOLENE— Tiorces. 6%@7%c; packages,"
less than 300 lbs— pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
S-lb pails. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, BHc; 10-lb palls, 6 In, a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a' case. 7%c:'wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, R%c: fnncy'tulw. R0 lh<= . t. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?* c per lb.
: . HIDES. TALLOW, • WOOL AND HOPS. /
Hides are firm at the advance. Wool and
'Hops are motionless. -.. '
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about : ; lc ;, under the \ quotations. Heavy . salted •
steers, 10@l0^c; medium. 9!§>9i4c; light. 9c; "j
Cowhides. 9@9%c; Stags, ' 6c; salted • Kip, 9'^c;
Calf. 10c; dry Hides, . 16Hc; culls a-nd brands.
13<i2l3Vj;c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@l«c; dry Calf,.
18@20c;. culls, 16«i17c; Goatskins, 20@37^4c each;
Kids."- s@loc ; ■' Deerskins, . good summer, : 'S,ui. : ,<ic
perlb: medium. '• 20c: winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c ■ ■ each ; '. short ■', wool, 40<§7Oc
each; medium. 70©90e;; lon« wool, 90^*1 30
each; Horsehldes,. s;ilt. %I'n2 &0 for. large, $! 5c
@2 for medium and 60c(?iE$l for small; Colts:
25<g50c; Horsehides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and
$1(H1 50 for small'; Colts,,, 2s<ffSGc. : ?
■ TALLOW— No. " 1 - rendered. 3<5i3%c per ' Ib; ,
No. 2. 2@2 I £c: refined. ' 4V4@-*?ic; Grease, 2c
'WOOL— Fall clip. San Joaquln, defective, , 7@
9c; Southern Mountain,- 9©llc; free Northern,
17<f/18c. -■■■: ..■■•. ■-.;.■ ■.■■- ■=,■■ -r-,
1 HOPS— crop, 9@12%c per lb. . '
' SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
' Hogs have again advanced,? though "receoipts ;
are '; fair. The other • descriptions J are ": un- !
changed: i ;
Wholepale rates for drewed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First qualit--, 6c; choice, 6%c; second
quality, 6>£c; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
v EAL— Large, 4(?fsc: small, 6<g7c per lb.
ML TTON— Wethers. 7%#Bc; Ewes. 7@7M>c per
LAMB-Sprlng, B@B^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4V*c for large. 4%@4M.c
for medium and B%©4c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, r>V4@6%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June- July, 5W@
I 5%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85..
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Southfield Wellington. ?7 50; Seat
tle. $6, Bryant. : Coos Ba- $5; Wallsend.
$7 SO; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
; sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
: nel. $10 per ton: Hock Springs and Castle Gate.
; $7 60; Coke, $12 -,er ton in bulk and $14 in
: sacks.
| COFFEE— C. E. Hiokford's circular says:
The market is stagnant, and the business
; accomplished from first hands is hardly worth
| reporting. Second hands are, generally speak
ing, liberally sui .plied with all grades other
than 'inferior' to 'common.' Arrivals of these
have been unusually lißht so far, and they are
■ In demand and scarce at r.wTr.
! "Former Quotations are practically renewed,
j but with the foregoing exception the tone of
the market is soft for all kinds.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 78fi7
I Costa Rica, 1156 Nicaragua MSI Salvador, 14.
410 Guatemala and IMG Mexican; in all 34.M8
bags, as against 32.553 bags same time last
: year.
"The steamer San Bias Is due about the 31st
■ with 5150 bags."
We quote: Costa Rica— l6-ffl7c for prime
| washed; 14<r<15c for good washed; 16ftl6Vs>c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 14'g'luc for
good peaberry; l2V*@l4*4c for good to prime:
llfHZc for good current mixed with black
beans; 10H@12c for fair; 6<§9c for common to
l ordinary. Salvador— l3@l&Hc for good to prime
I washed; ll@l2Vic for fair washed; 14'?15c for
j good to prime washed peaberry; 9^4@lo«ic for
superior unwashed: B%@9c for good green un
washed; 12@12>-3C for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— B : >i@loc for good to su
perior unwashed; llin2c for good, to prime un
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
n-f/USHc for prime fancy washed; 14@16c for
good to strictly good washed; ll<f?l3'4;c for fair
washed; SV^io^c for medium; 4^fi)Sc for in
ferior to ordinary; ißWßtnbe for good to prime
I washed peaberry: llVi'S^Uc for good unwashed
I pe.iberry; SSlc'.^c for good to superior un-
I washed.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
: and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6Vfcc; Dry
! Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5"« c; Mag
| nolla A. 5Hc: Extra C. 5»(,c; Golden C. sVic;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, s<ftc per
lb; half-barrels Xc more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. May 2<*.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,0721 Hay, tons 221
Wheat, ctls 733 Straw, tons 40
Barley, ctls 63.1 Wool, bales 3i>6
Chpepe, utls 72 .Pelts, bdls 60
ButtPr, ctls 3d? Hides, no 76.)
Tnllow. ctls 241 Eggs, doz 13.020
Beans, sks 2.020 Quicksilver, flsk. 3
Potatoes, sks ... 1.7P9 Leather, rolls ... 36
Bran, sks G3'l Wine, gals 49.70
Onions; ska <:U Lime, bhls 201
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 4.45S Oats, ctls 1,445
Wheat, ctls 1,030 Wool, bales 508
Barley, ctls 300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 8. 7:i3 •■ Barley, ctls 2,48.'
Wheat, ctls 4.4So'Oats, ctls 30
Hay. tons 20 1 Bran, sks 3,920
Shorts, sks 2. 6oo, Potatoes, sks ... 5.337
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400|
■m ■ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
. Trading on the Bond Exchange was . brisk
In two or three stocks, notably Giant Powder, !
which advanced to $46 25, and Oceanic Steam- j
ship, which declined to $59 SS& There was the !
usual good business In the sugar stocks.
Mining stocks were dull and not materially
changed.
All the boards will remain closed to-morrow
— Decoration day.
The Challenge assessment falls delinquent in !
office on Tuesday '"and the Silver Hill delin
quent sale will be held on the sorry? day.
The Modoc Mining Company of Colorado has
declared a dividend of 2c per share, amount-
Ing to $10,000 and payable June 1. •
The Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company ha« declnred a dividend of 50c per
share, payable May 31.
The returns from crushing of 320 tons of '
ore from the Alta mine recently worked at the !
company's mill were as follows: One bar of
bullion realized $1339 31 gold, and the sale of
the concentrates to the Selby Smelting Com
pany $3410 41, making a total of $4749 72, .after
payment of express charges and the co6t of
reduction and refining at the Selby Smelting |
Works. The concentrates weighed 6752 pounds,
and the assay of the same per ton was silver
170.04 ounces, gold 29.66 ounces, or nearly JIOOO
per ton gold value for the concentrates.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE!
SATURDAY, May 10:30 a." m.
Bid.Ask. | Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 4S 50 |
• uar coup.-HOHlll Pac Gas Imp.: 86 —
Is quar reg. . .lO.x^loiVs Pac L Co 50 51
4s quar new...121%122v. S.F G& E S6'i S7 l
' Miscellaneous — San Kran .... lL 3:.
Cal-st Cab 55.114% — Stock Gas 12 .— '
Cal El 6s 125 — .Insurance —
C C Wat 55... a» 100 FirenVs Fund. lßs — .
Dup-st ex c... — 95,4 Bank* Stocks—
E L& P 65..127H — An*!o-Cal ....-- 65
F&CI Ry 65. 107^4 — Bank of Cal.. — 244V4
Geary-st 1-t ss. — 98 Cal SD & T.. 9VA —
HC & S 6H5..100 105 First Xat ....205 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 I,on P & A... 125 —
Do gntd 83.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — ViC Nev Nat 8....i:.2%160
.Do Is M 55. .113 li:i\ Savings Banks— •
Nat Yin 6s Ist — ■ 97Va Ger S &L..1400 1600 i
NC NG Rv75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .107% — 1 Mutual Say. — 42!4
NRy Cal os.. 100% — S F Say U.. — 500
N\P CR R 65.10S — S&L. So . . — ■ 100
NPC R R 55.1C0% — Security S B 250 — i
Oak Gas r5...300r 5...300 — Union T Co. 950 — • 1
Do 2d Is 65..1f15%110 1 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 65.....123',i — i California ..10S% — .
P & O 65.:.. ..110 — Geary ...>.... 40 — ' '
P& Cl n.v Cs.lOS ■ — Mnrket-st .... 51% SI 3
Powell-st C 3...118 — Presidio .7 914 '
Reno T VL&L..IOO — Powder.— ' .
Sac Elecßyss.ioo — California .■..115 150
■3 F& N P 53.107 107H E Dynamite .. 85 . — !
SierraßCal Cs.'— in2y, ,innt Con Co. 46 46^
S P of Ar 65.104'i!105 Vigorit 3^ .3%
3 P Cal 65... — 113 Miscellaneous — ' i
3PC Is eg 55.. 93 — Al Pac Assn.. 9314 94^
P Br 6s 11l 114 Ger Ld \Vks..llO —
3 V "\.Rt 65...U6%117 I liana P C 0.... 12 15 1
3 V Wat 45...101%102Vi l H C& S Co.. 19H 19 5 ;
Hock Gns 65.. — 103 Hutch S P C0."49H 43% j
Water Storks — • Mor Ex Assn. 90 —
-ontra Costa.. 53 5SV 4 Nat Yin C 0... — 7•■ i
vinrln Co 50 — | Oceanic S Co. 5>H4 60>i
3prlng Valley. loo 100)4 Pac A F L,.. li 2V* \
Gas <fc Electric— Pac 3ot C 0...101 —
>nt OaslUht.lo3 — Per Paint Co. .7 —
dutual El Co. — 12
Morning Session.
50 Giant Powder C0n...:.............'. 45 00 '
5 do do '. .'...45 25 •
15 do . do ". :.... .-:.. 45 50.
25 do . ' >do 45 75
90 do do 4(> 00
80 do do 46 25
300 Hawaiian Commercial .& Sugar :. 19 50
50 do do . .:..... 19 62t£
360 Hutchjnson S P Co ....'49 25
25 Market-street Railway .....;.-.... 5175
5 Oceanic Steamship Co .-.. 60 00
■ 25 <io do 59 -:>
20 do' do .' .... 59 62>4
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds -....102 00
$1000 Spring Valley 8s Bonds 117 00
12000 S P of A Bonds.. .-..106 00
Vlgorit Powder 3 37^
INVESTMENT BOAR.D.
: ;"'. . "'.W . "- - ■■ . . . .
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder , 44 87%
25 do do .....: ............... 45 00
100 Vlgorit. Powder '. 3 50-
MINING STOCKS. '
Following were the sales in the. San Fran
cisco' Stock Board yesterday: ■■ V
Morning Session. . " . '
50 Challenge ....... 20 j600j 600 Sierra Nevada.. 60
Following were the sales In the Taclflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morniner Popslon. ■
1200 Alpha' 03 300 Justice .00
200 Alta ' 11 5W Rphtuck 01
100 Best & Belcher. 27 200 Mexican 19'
300 Caledonia 22 200 Ophir 34
800 Challenge Con...- 21 1000 Overman 08
300 22 200 Potosi ..-.' 19
300 23 300 Sierra Nevada.-. 50
400 Con Cal & Va.. 46 :tOO 5!
200 confidence 42 j 100 Union Con 10
50i) Crown Point ... 11 1 500 v
200 Gould & Curry.. 2Oj;no Utah ...;... Qg
400 Hale & Norcrs. 1 fuhoo Yellow Jacket... 23
200 »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. SATURDAY. May 2S— l2 m. v
- Bid. Ask. Bid Ask '
Alpha. 02 0-1 Justice .....OS 09
Alta ............ 09 11 Kentuck .....-...— <il
Andes .......... 07 :OS Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 09 n Mexican .... 19 20
Best & Belcher 25 26 Occidental ..... 70' 73
Bullion .........' 05 06 Dphir ...V... 34 37
Caledonia 23 25 Dverjnan OS 09
Choilar ......... lfi 17 Potosl ..;.!..... 19 20
Challenge Con. 22 .23 savag« ..;. 10 ll
Con Cal & Va. 46 4S Seg Belcher ... 03 " 0G
Confidence .'.... 41 4. r 5c0rpi0n. ....'.....- 0°
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada ' 49 sii
Crown Point... 12 13 Silver. Hill .... 05" 06
Con New York.' — 01 Syndicate ......" '01
Eureka Con ... . — . 20 Standard .......1 •
Exchequer:..... — 03 tTnion Con-.;.*.. :10 11
Sould & Curry. 19 20 Utah ;..........., 04 . or,
Hale & Norcrs. 99 1 00 Yellow Jacket. 23- 24
Julia .....:..... 01 02 . "
Highest prices of stocks for the week:
Name of Stock.
T.
W. I T. j F. I S.
x
s ;
ler
& Belcher
>n
onla
enee
1
2
it.
g
8
25
5
71
2
10
I
26
v.6
ir.
s
•2
11
9
-S
"s
16
Si
:-4 ;2
11 io
5 8
11 -9
,30 26
S 6| : 5
25 34
281 23
-■'. -.
V.>A
vnoiiar
Con. Cal. & Va.........
Confluence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry '■■
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican .'.
Ophir
Overman
Occidental
Potosi ;
Savagre
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union :..
Utah
Yellow Jacket I
14 16 1"
46 46 50
8 S 35
S 8 8
18 19 20
77 82 So
9 9$
19 19 IS
35 38 38
80 ...'. 50
19 IS 21
10 10 11
50 52 56
9 10' 10
5 4 4
2if 2i n\
-21
. "I
\l 50
::;;
1 50
11
23' 2
Builders' Contracts.
J. L. Flood and J. W. Mackay, by attorney
(oivners) with Cushing Wetmore' Company
(contractors), architects Percy & Hamilton.
Excavating, concrete work and twisted rods,
etc., fcr a two-story factory building on- W
corner of Seventh and Townsend streets, N\V
275 by SW" 275; $;.<;;,:..
Same with F. H. Masow (contractor), archi
tects same. Carpenter work, roofing, painting,
etc., fcr same on same; J25.574.
Same with , Miller & B<?ck (contractors),
architects same. Brick and iron work for
same, on same; $12,825.
Same with William F. Wilson (contractor),
architects same. Plumbing, drains, gas pipes,
etc., fcr same on same; 52420.
David Cohen (owner) with Val Franz Ccah
tractor), architect Phllipp Schwerdt. All work
except plumbing, painting/mantels and shades
for a thn?e-str>ry frnme building with base
ment on N line of Ellis street. 137:6 W of
Franklin, W 27:6 by N 137:6, Western Addition.
132; JGCSO. "
Fmma School (owner) with Henry Munster
(contractor), architects Kenitzer & Barth. All
work except plumbing, gasflttlng, painting,
attic on W line of Pierce street, 137:6 S of
Haight. S 30 by W 112:<>. Western Addition 440;
tinting, mantels, gas fixtures, shades, etc., for
a one-story frame cottage with partly finished
attic, on W line of Pierce street, 137:6 S of
Halght. S 2" by W 112:6, Western Addition
block 44": $2045.
Alexander William McDonald (owner) with
William Horstmeyer & Co. (contractors), archi
tect, none. Carpenter, mill and hardware work,
glazing, iron work, lincrusta, etc., for a one
story and basement cottage on E line .of Sixth
avenue, 125 from Clement. 25x120: $1342. .
Dennis Collins (owner) with John Wiren and
W. O. Peterson (contractors), architect, W. O.
Peterson. All work except concrete and arti
ficial stone work for a two-story and basement
with attic frame building on X line Union,
20 W of Hyde. W 20 by N 60; $3000.
THE CAIAj CALENDAR.
i>
Mo
2
%
16
23
3U
[
Tu. I We
3 I
10 v
IT IS
IT 25
31
|Th. Fr.
13 13
T
II
IT
.33
©•fcull Moox
May o.
€L:iHt yuarier.
|vi May 12.
1 xr»v New Moon.
\i/ May 20.
BPirßt Qu;iriar.
39 Mnv 2.-.
Moon's Phase* !
15
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
. A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights,- dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon paper 9
and by the morning papers the following day.
Z. P. F.ngign, U. S. N.. in Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burvey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur nt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY- K'S
Sunday, May 2a.
Pnn rl«»«» 4:
Sun eets 7:
Moon sets 0:33 a. i
j? j Tlme| Fee t |Tlme| Feet |Tlnie j T i^' By«:
k L W . H W L W; iH W
I. ii 1 1
8" I- 1 l<s
31 1 ofi
1 2:42
2 3 :«)
2 4:1
:.:>) 5:44
1.9 7:12
1..' B:2S|
05| 933
— 1 W:4<l
-0.7 1 ]1:»3
I
5.51 11:81
Bfi| 12: 0
«.T| 1:14
8 8 2:03
4.0 2:61
4 2 3:40
l.oi o:ji
l.ni T:(6
2.: d 7:4-.'i
2.7 B:?0
2.fi 902
M 9:48
NOTE.— In the. above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to ttm». The
second tlrr><? column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide.
Bnd the last or right hand rolumn gives the
last tide of the day, except when th"re ar» but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th* heights
given are additions to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slim <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the. depth given by the charts. The plane of
rr-fererrp Is the rnenn of the lower low watern.
STIC \MKII> Til AItKIV'S.
iiiiun
Cmplr-.. .
illceßlanchard
•omona .......
Velllnston
Faohtenaw...
lty of Topeka
irostn ;
r«»9c(?nt City..
oQtla
fortn PorK
iriz.iba ..
STlHamette....
•ntonnlal
J Portland
Crvos Jl.iv
Yaquina 8ay..... -.-..
San Dtepo
Deparmre Bay
Tacoma.-
Seattle ,
I Co"o» Bay
Crfiscont Citr....
Humboldt ".
MumDoiit
HrnnDoMt
So.-ittie *
Seattle
Portland
Newport „
Comox. .'
<?d ney .'.
Victoria & Puaret 3na. ....
Panama.
c an Dlp'Ci -i.-r..
EMI River '
Xarwiimo
Porti.Taa-. ........
| Comox '....::....
{ Ne^pori ;...
j Portland ..:.... .. I
I Victoria A Pncret Soinnd . .
May 29
May 2!'
May 29
May 23
May 2«
May 2«
May 2H
Mn.v Mi
May
M»y 30
May 30
May 30
May 3" 1
May SO
M;iv 81
May 81
May 31
i no 1
.Tne 1
Jne 1
Jne 2
'.Tne 2
|jne 2
.mo 3
JllC 3
Jno 4
| Jne 6
Jhe ti
're^-on'
lomor
flrjeola.:
[0an.i.... .
'matilia . .. .
an Bias..'..
anta Icosa. .-..
hilkru
urmft
omn-itn.t I
ristol i
oos Bar .....
tatnor C-h.... I
lty Puebia.. . I
STKAMURS TO SAIL.
STEAMER.
ioo-» K;iv . .
htikat
t.ito of Cal
i Newport ..... | May. 2y. » am|
Humboldt...: May-'Zv. 'Jam
Portland May 30. 10 a»i
SaD Dieiro May. 3L 11 a-*
Vie & Pet SncJ Miy in am
Alaska May 31.3pm
I Alaska Jnnc 1.
Oroerbn Ports Juno 1, 10 am
•Alask.a. Juno 1. U : m
•Coos H.it .... Jnno 1. 10 A>t|
Hnmboldt. ... June 1.19 am
Humbol'it .... June 1.10 am I
Portlana .' June 2.10 am
Newport June 2. jay
St Michael.... Juno 2, ...
Humool'U ... June 3. 9am
San i>K'«ro June *. U aji
Alaska June 4, ......
Portlann .... June ,s. I'D am
Vie & P?t Sna .Tune 5. 10 am
St. Michael. .. June H , !
Destination- ■
ri.s
I PtHH.
j Pier 11
I Pier LA
Pie? U
pier U
Pier ;i
Pier 3
'0m0n.i.. ..
Valla Wlla
alliance.....
■■orate.. i
'niton
fat. City...
ircita. . . .
;Pier 2
Pier U
I Pier 7
I Pier »
Pier 12
Pter 11
cotia
mzaba.. ..
•repon ....
10tn0r.. . . ■
hs'Nolfon
form Korli
ant.i Ros.i
•.■cp Dollar
olunibi.i .
imattlla.
[organ Cy.
PKr'j
Pier 11
Pi'er'iJ
fle'r V
i :
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 3. N.. iler
chcntii' Exchange. San Francisco. Maj
28. 1898. •
The time, ball on Telegraph Hill vest* dropped
•xactly at noon to-day— l. c., .at aoon of tha
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. .m.. Or«'<nwicl)
time. C. P. WELCH
Enslfm.U.S.N-. in charge.
SUIPPIi <i INTISLJLiUUJVCK.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 2S.
Stmr George Loomls Brldgrett, 33 hours frorr
Ventura.
Stmr Cleone. Higgins. 16 hours from Albion.
Srmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 12 hours frorr
Greenwood.
Nor ,stmr Titania, Egenes. 3 days IS hours
from Nanaimo.
Br ship Wayfarer, , 119 days- from Cal
cutta.
• Schr Viking, Peterson, 20 hours from Moss
Lending.
Sehr Ocean Spray, Ostlin, 48 hours from Iver
sens Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, May 2S.
• Stmr Bertha, Koehler; Unaiaska; Alaska
Commercial Co. •
fitmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
3©odall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Whitglft. Bowling, Portland; Meyer,
SVilson & Co.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Starbuck, Blaekman, Panama; Pacific
Wail B S Co.
Br stmr -Doric. Smith, Hongkong and yoko
lama, via Honolulu: O & O S -S Co:
Haw stmr £an Mateo. Fletcher, Comox; Pa
:lfic Imp Co.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu; Wil
iams, Dimniul & Co.
Hktn W H DltßOßd, Nilson, -Honolulu: J D
?preckel!" & Bros '*"o.
Bktn George C Terkins. Maas, Kahuliii; Al
■xaniler & Baldwin.
Pchr Lyman I) Fpster, Killman, Sf Michael;
Maska Commercial Co.
SAILED. • :
Saturday, May 28.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
iama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Bertha, Koehler, T'nalaska.
Stmr Senator. Peterson.
Stror Starbuck. Blackiban. Panam»
Whal schr Bonanza, Smith, -whaling.
Schr J Epplnger. Colstrup.
TELEGRAPHIC.
•POINT LOBOS, May 28—10 p. m.— "Weather,
cloudy; wind. W: velocity. 14 miles.
•;}J>:> " -- CHARTERS. . •
The Levi G Burgess loads mdse f° r _ Hll °v ,_
The Kate Davenport loads coal at Departure
Bay lor Honolulu. :
DOMESTIC PORTS. -•;
HARDY CREEK— Arrived May 28— Schr Bar
bara Hernster, hence May 26. .
.FISKS MILL— May 23— Schr Bender
Brothers;, hence May 2.".. '_ ':*'• -ij' '-. _
TIMBER COVE— Arrived May Schr Re
liance, hence May 5.
TATOQBH- Passed May 2S— Stmr . W illametta
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 27— Schr Gotoma,
hence Map 13. - il -'..
FORT R-OSS— Arrived May 28— Schr Nettia
Sundherg. Innce May 26.
EUREKA— .May Schr Fortuna,
hence May 21.
Sailed May 2S— Schr Mabel Gray, for New
port; schr Claud ina, for Honolulu.
PORT LUDLOW— May 2S— Schr Queen
for nolulu.
CASPAR— Arrived May "2S-Schr Maxim, hnca
May 24.
TATOOSH— Passed May 2S— Stmr City of Pue
bln. hence May 26, for Victoria and Port
Townsend.
TATOOSH— May 28— Chil bark Guine
yeer, from Port Blakeley, for Valparaiso; Br
ship Lyderhorn. from Port "Gamble, for Cal
lao; stmr William II Harrison, from , for
Puget Sound.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 27— pchr Chas
R Wilson, for San Francisco; schr Roy Somers
•for San Francisco; schr Enterprise, for San
Francisco.
Arrived May Schr C A Thayer, from
Gunymas.
TATOOSH — Passed May 27— Austrian etmr
Burma, hence May 24. for Nanaimo. May 2S —
Bark Haydn Brown, from Seattle, for Kotzebua
Sound; ship r.enjamln F Packard, from Ta
coma. for Taku.
PORT ANGELES— port May Ger bark
Antueo. from Santa Rosalia.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 2S-^Jap Etmr Rlojun
Maru. from Yokohama.
EUREKA— Arrived May 27— Stmr Fulton, fm
Coos Bay.
Sailed May 27— Bktn Uncle John, for Hllo;
Btmr Fulton, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May Stmr Wllametto.
for San Francisco.
NEHALEM — Arrived May 2S— Schr Volant,
hence May 18.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May Stmr West
port, for . •
POINT ARENA— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Al
cazar, hence Ma 27.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 27— Schr Ida
McKay, -for San Francisco; schr Eliza Miller,
for San Francisco: Fchr Maid of Orlveans, for
SRn Francisco: schr Fr^d E Sander, for Guay
mas; schr Repeat, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived May Schr Abbie. hence
May 2».
ALBlON— Sailed M" 28— Stm Cleone, for San
Francisco.
Arrived May 27— Schr S Danielson, henca
May 10.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 23— Stmr Xavarro.
from Dyea; ship Snartan. dmvh« May 15.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Passed May :.'7— Br bark Dun
dee, from Oregon.
HAVRE— Arrived May 27— Br ship Omaru. fm
Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 2<i— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
HAVRE— Arrived prior to May 2S— Br bark
Gnlgorm Castle, from Oregon.
OCEA2J T3AV£L
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L. Steamers leave Broadway
¥m&*"»^ wharf, San Fij.ncisco.
tcP&'SS^. For Alaskan* ports, 10 a. m..
t&^Si»*n!»H May 1. 6> 11, 16. 21. 26. 31. Juns
E-rk B'Sa^"^ 6 transfer at Seattle.
I BHs3H Nfta F<-r Alaskan ports (from
I fs&ISi&SBSM Folsom-btret-t wharf), 10 a. m .
1 t^iSl^lSl', May • IS. June o, 26. July 17.
August 4. 25. transfer at Port-
Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes an.i
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1. 6.
11, 16. 21, 25. 31. June 5, and every filth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2, S. 14. 20. . 26, June 1. and every slxta
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monter-y, San Simeon.
Cavucros Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
6an Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1, 5, 9. 13. 17, 21, 25. 2».
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
•'For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Sar. Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and R*»dnndo (Los Angeles). U
a. m.. May 3, 7. 11. . 15. 19. 23, 27, 31. June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos«e a>l
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mei.), 10 a. m., May 11,
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves tha right to chants
without previous notice steamers, sailing datea
and hours nf salline-.
TICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
atreet (Palace Hotel). .• . . -.:
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
" ■ 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R.&N, GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DC f l2 First Class Including BertH
tHIIL $8 .Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF FAILINGS:
Oregon « May 6, 15. 24
Columbia May 9, 18, 27
State of California May 12. 21. *1
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 01
Kansas City 26 00 ! Chicago 27 50
Omaha .; 26 00 New York 31 00
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
- C3O Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
. ' Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON. * *
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington June 8 Noordland June 13
Berlin '. .June 11 FriesTand June 22
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
• . POOL.
Stfamers sail.under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4ißliynland '. June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO. ALASKA AND THE GOLOFIELOS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantia
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany njid specially refitted f»r this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 15.
'■ S. 8. Indiana. 3. r >oo tons, from Seattle, June 23.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3000 tons, from Seattle.
June 29. .
Connecting with th» company's own fleet of
IS ne.w nnd modern steamers and barges on tho
Yukon River, through !to Dawson City and
intermediate points.
For pass.age and freight 'aTply to
riNTERNATIONAI. FNAVfGATION CO..
30 Mont^omei'y St.
Or any of Us Agencies.
P* f^T»£ J M^l2»' or Honolulu canceled.
■B^otTlm >^. Tna s - s - MOANA
@3?saa&BE* 6ails via Honolulu Ist
• i* Jsa4Hlr or Honolulu canceled.
y™_^ Thß S. S. MOANA
n^^ i'\ snils via Honolulu and
K^ii^i^ s.^(r,Sh!nu) Auckland for Sydney
0li*l!.!JII! r ' Wednesday. June 15.
"Szgr^ (6!Tiic>(lßW- at 2p - m -
Llneto COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agent.",
114 Montgomery street.
; Freight offlca— Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnlß Oenerale Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North _^<e-^S»
River foot of Morton st. . Travelers <C2lfkTi>
by this line avoid both transit by **•»*'*■»»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in' a small boat. New -York to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class, «160;
second-claps. $llfi.
LA BOURGOGNE June 4,10 a.m.
Ta TOURAINE....: .June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GABCOGNE June IS. 10 a. m.
r A BRETACNE .:..-... ....June 25, I 1 a. m.
I A 80URG0GNE........ July 2,10 a.m.
For -further Pa GENERALE Vr°ANSATLAN-
COMTAGNIE OENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TTOUE - Agent. Bowling Green. New York. ,
• " Xo S Bowling Green, New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San- Francisco. ,
ST^AR LINE
•To St. Michnel. Dowson City nnd Inter-
• • • mediate River Points.
New steamship -"Charles Nelson" will be dls- -
patched* June :2. connecting with company's
•own .Yukon River Meet, conslstlns of four large
moflern equipped steamers, built" by Moran. '
Itros. of - Seattle, and now en route for St. '
Michael.
SPECIAL ATTENTION called to the fact
that coal will he used exclusively on river
boats, insuring most rapid paa( possible, . -
Company's . responsibility guarantees con-
tracts.. For passage nnd freight apply to BLUE
STAR LINE. IS California St., or its agencies.
References, CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON.
6 Cnlifornla St. :: Telephone Drum 22. .-
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. 4
. Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. - and 5at. .....
9:45 a. m., 3:15 i. m. (s:3O p. m. ex. Thurs >
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. in.
Bundaya ...........: .10:30 a. m. : and 8 p tn.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier «T"
Teleohone. Red t241.BOY`S AND GIRL`S PAGE
JOSEFA AND HER DOLLY.
JOSEFA JIMENEZ was fright years
old, when her father, a Cuban pat
riot, was taken away from his
humble home by Spanish BOldlers.
Three, four, fiv^ days passed and
h^ did not return. Little Josefa saw
the pitying eyes and noticed the soften
ed manners the neighbors, who at
■•ted her as their own.
"Wl :>a?" she asked one day
of Benorita Morali s.
"How should T know':" answered the
rlta, turning: her face away.
"I know." said the child after a pause,
"he is dead, and has to heaven.
He often told me that mamma was
there waiting for him."
-But you, Josefa?" asked the Senor
ita
"I will b- a good piii. and a brave girl,
and a Cuban patriot, 'and, by and by, I
will '- ' * them."
Benorita Morales did not contradict
t she weep. The dread
of a worse to-morrow always overshad
owed the sorrow of th<> day among the
Cubans. Fur it was known that General
. r was about to burn the homes of
Cubans, and to drive them, men,
>n and children, into the "reeon
c.^ntrado" camps, t.. die of starvation.
\ few days later the Spanish troopers
I rimy, with cruel swords,
cruel hearts, cruel spurs. The villagers
were speedily huddled torvther, and a
dreary march toward the reconcentrado
camp began. Their homes were burn
ed- their crops destroyed, even their
church.? v I by the torch. Be
fore them was only suffering; behind,
as they turned to look back, only ruin.
But their eyes rested lovingly upon the
hills that -hut in their native valley -as
they passed "it of it never to return.
\nd at the very head of the line of
captives walked little Josefa Jiminez.
Tn hr-r arms she carried a little doll,
which her mother had given her.
'when " ;is she naively said it. "T was
a little, girl, only six years old." It was
two years since her mother went to
heaven.
Josefa's head was bare. I'pon it was
a wealth of shining black curls, which
crept down and seemed to caress her
plump little olive checks. Around her
neck was her mother's gold chain, from
which hung the symbol of the cruci
fixion. Her little brown feet were bare,
but she trod the dusty and flinty road
without complaint; and her chief sor
row was over a sickly little girl who
walked beside her. and who was suf
fering from the heat of the burning
sun. When her '.ittle comrade in dis
tress faltered Josefa, to cheer her up,
let her carry her dolly, dressed in its
best white dress and having bright rib
bons of blue arounl its neck and
wrists.
When Josefa reached the reconcen
trado camp and viewed the starving
men and women and little children
there, and noticed the birds <>f prey
greedily hovering overhead, her heart
overflowed with pity; but when she
caw a Spanish officer strike one of the
suffering women with a sword her nat
ural courage r
Pbe walked without a sign of fear di
rectly toward the officer and told him
that he was a bad, wicked man.
Several women tried to stop her flow
of words, but she would not stop.
"You will never be haimy if you are
not good," she said. "My mamma told
me that; and she is an .angel now."
"Ah," said the cruel officer, brutally,
"I suppose that your mother was a
Cuban and a rebel: 1
"She was so good that she would
have prayed for even you; and so
will I."
The officer rode away and left her
kneeling on the ground. The sunlight
caused tears that sprung from her
eyes to glitter lik«» stars of the purest
radiance. She knelt until she had fin
ished her prayer that the "dear Lord
would make the cruel soldier good."
Then she arose and kissed the dolly,
which she held tightly in her arms.
"I hope, dolly dear," the sweet little
maiden said, "that he will be good, and
so be happy."
A Spanish colonel passed near and
saw little Josefa and heard her loving
words.
"Bring the child to my tent," he or
dered. Somewhere in far off Spain the
colonel had left a little daughter who
THE BUMPKINS FIND WHAT THEY SUPPOSED TO BE THE "SPANISH. SPX'_'. WHO DISTURBED THE PEACE Of CAMP HARDTACK.
looked so like Josefa that, as he saw
the little Cuban maid he could almost
:"..! y that he heard his own little girl
say, "Come back as socm as you can
CHIQUITA, THE SPANISH COLONELS LITTLE GIRL, PLAYING IN HER GARDEN AMONG THE FLOWERS.
to your Chiquita,"
Yes, he even fancied that he smelled
the odors of the flowers that bloomed
in his garden in Spain where Chiquita
played hide and go seek with the but
terflies among the hollyhocks, and
where her beautiful young mother sang
gay songs or danced to the merry sound
of the guitar and the castinets.
"How old are you, little girl?"
The colonel's voice was gentle and
Josefa looked up timidly.
"I am eight years old last May," she
said.
"Where are your parents?"
Josefa told about her mamma and
then became a questioner.
"Have you seen my papa?"
"Who was he?"
"Rubio Jimenez."
"The Cuban rebel?"
"No, the Cuban patriot."
"He was — " The officer paused, for
something stuck in his throat. Before
his eyes came once more the vision of
his own little daughter, and he was
thankful that she was far over the sea.
"He was killed?" asked Josefa.
"Yes," answered the colonel; "exe
cuted."
"I am glad that you knew him, for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, Igarg.
he was a good man, and I know that
you were kind to him. Here, take my
dolly. She is my best friend now. Take
her for being' good to my papa."
The colonel's eyes were fixed. He
saw before him a dusty plain and a
fortress, as he had seen them only a
few nays before. Then there had stood
upright, fearless and proud, a Cuban
whose features were like Josefa's.
"Cuba libre; Cuba libre forever," this
Cuban had said Just before, a cruel line
of fire leaped from the muzzles of guns.
This was Josefa's father, and he was
shot by the order of this colonel as s.
rebel.
"So," thought the colonel, "I have
made this little girl, so like my own
child, an orphan. Strange and hard
are the chances of war. But I will save
the child." He handed her dolly, which
she had placed in his hands, back to
her.
"What, not want my beautiful
dolly?" asked Josefa in astonishment.
"You would be lonely without her,
Josefa, and I cannot take her away."
Day after day the number of Cubans
in the reconcentrado camp Increased.
Day after day cruelties were enacted
that chilled and frightened little Josefa.
The colonel gave her food from his own
table, although he had none too much.
She freely divided with the <'übans and
they looked upon her us an angel of
mercy. They colonel told her of Chi
quita and promised to take Josefa
home to Spain to play with her "when
the war is over."
Early one morning Josefa was
awakened by hearing rifle shots. That
was no new sound to her for she was
used to the noises of war. But now she
started up and ran from the colonel's
tent with her dolly in her arms. Some
blind fate led her directly to where
there stood a grim line of Spanish
soldiers. Before them, at a distance of
some yards, were Cuban young men,
two were lads, one an acquaintance of
Josefa. Forward darted the little girl,
understanding the meaning of the scene
at once.
"Einanuel, EuK»irael!" she cried, "I
will save you."
But the sword of a Spanish officer
u-on horseback had fallen. At the sig
nal the rifles hart volleyed once more.
Prone u^on the ground was th form
of a little girl. Forgetting dignity, mil
itary rar.k, discipline, the officer was
beside the child in an instant.
••Jurefa, Jos-- 'a," he said, brokenly.
"Dear friend," she said, "second dear
papa, I am glad you have come. Here
is my dolly. I shall not ..ant it a?y
more. Be good to it and gi eit to your
dear Ohiquita and toll her to keep it
always and always for me. Good-by.
Here is a kiss for Chiquita."
More than c- er the child looked like
his own Chiquita. The colonel took the
dolly vrp with a strange sensation.
There was a red streak upon the white
and blue of the dress. D. H. W.
THE YOUNG
STORY-TELLERS
f*^ HTLPREX In the San Bernardino
' public schools, so writes Mrs.
U Margaret M. Mogeau, superin
tendent for San Bernardino Coun
ty "to whom I have read the best
stories on the boys' page and the girls'
page, without telling whether they
were written by boys or girls, have
expressed a preference, in seven out of
ten schools, for the boys' stories. That
has been the voice of the majority.
Where honors were given to girls the
masculine element was not so much in
evidence. This experiment proves to
me that literary merit is often lost
sight of where the subject is a live
one, such as war, Indians, wrecked
trains, daring balloon ascensions, etc.
"The girls touch most tenderly a
sympathetic chord in the human heart
when they write about 'dear little
baby boys,' 'beautiful fairies,' 'the
aerial form,' love and marriage. In
choice of subject, logical treatment,
variety of phraseology, taste, style and
correctness as to technicalities, the
girls have, in my opinion, beaten their
brothers. Paradoxical as it may seem,
I think the boys' stories are more in
teresting, but a greater amount of abil
ity is shown on the girls' page.
Thomas J. Kirk, Superintendent for
Fresno County, writes: "I have read
the boys' and girls' pages carefully,
though somewhat hurriedly. The girls'
page seems to me better than the boys',
both in invention and in delicacy of ex
pression. I am reminded of Dr. Hol
land's statement, that "the false is
fairer than the true," and in these
Btories the rational idealism of the
girls surpasses the rough realism of
the boys.
"And yet I am skeptical and hesitate
to- draw a conclusion regarding the
literary superiority of either sex, even
on the assumption that conditions, en
vironment and heredity in these young
writers are the Bame or equivalent. It
is no easy matter to determine the rel
ative eminence as literators of Harriet
Beecher Stowe and her brother. Henry
Ward Beecher. Had the compositor
omitted the names and pied the stt.-ries
of the young authors, how many critics
of differentiation of style could distin
guish whether the writers were girls or
boys?
"Why not have a sort of masquerade
ball for the little novelists and let the
literati guess boy or guess girl?"
A visitor who was trotting 4-year-old
Freddie upon his knee remarked to the
little fellow's mother: "Do you know,
there is something: in this young man
I like?" "Say," exclaimed the preco
cious youngster, "who told you that I
swallowed a penny?"
A NIGHT WITH A GRIZZLY.
IT was a winter afternoon up in the
Sierras," paid Uncle Ben,"when I left
my log cabin in search of fresh meat.
I had been snowed in for a fortnight,
but the snow had melted enough for
me to open the door. With my gun in
my grasp, I felt ready for any sort
of game. Judge of my astonishment
when, not 100 yards from the door, I
saw a large grizzly bear sitting upon
his haunches.
"When I started I did not expect to
find a bear, and with my life seem
ingly at stake I realized that I never
before had felt what a poor shc-t I
might be. But, being in for it, I took
careful aim at Mr. Grizzly and pulled
the trigger. The gun did not go off.
Neither did the bear stir. He seemed
to be willing to give me another shot.
I threw open the lock of the gun.
There was no cartridge in the gun!
Here I was, face to face with a fierce
grizzly, and without any effective
weapon.
Mr. Bear now lost his patience; or
perhaps he smelled the food in my
cabin. At any rate, he started in my
direction, and a lively race for the
cabin door took place. We went
through the door neck and neck. I
threw myself upon the bed, under the
pillow of which were my cartridges.
Mr. Boar did not know what to make
of this, but as he growled every time
that I moved I had to give up reaching
for the cartridges? The bear was not
hungry. After he had watched me
curiously for awhile he lay down upon
a rug in front of the bed and went
to sleep.
"Then I once more thought to get
the cartridges, to take a shot at the
brute at short range. But he knew too
much for me. His eyes opened and he
growled whenever I moved. There was
nothing left for it but to remain quiet.
After a while darkness came and with
it a driving snowstorm. The door of
the cabin was open. The wind whirled
the snow in through the door. Mr.
Bear crawled cut of the wind, up in
one corner of the cabin, and possibly
went to sleep again. But I was afraid
to move, for the breathing of my un
welcome neighbor was light. He .was
not sleeping very soundly at the best.
"I have never passed through a night
like that. The chili of the air and the
nervous state I was in, owing to the
knowledge that, soc-ner or later, the
bear would eat me unless some one
should come to the rescue, made my
teeth chatter. The bear did not know
What to think of the noise. He walked
to the bed softly, but I could hear him
coming. His cold nose touched my
face, and then he licked my hands. I
PRUE AND THE WINTER BIRD.
BY EDITH LAWSON, SAN FRANCISCO.
Prue couldn't go out because it was
snowing. She sat in a rocking chair close
to the window, her nose pressing against
the window-pane.
But pretty soon she saw a pretty white
bird fly up to the window, and it said:
"Good "afternoon, Prue.".- Prue started up,
because she had never heard a bird talk
before. Then she said: "Good afternoon,
white bird. Are you not cold this snowy
afternoon?"
"Oh, no." said the bird. "This is the
happiest time in my life, for I am a win
ter bird."
"Is that so? But pray, where did you
come from?" said Prue.
"Fmrn my Majesty, the Fairy Queen,"
replied the bird.
"How very queer! But why did you
come?" • ,
"I came, for the Queen is going to take
a trip to Summer Land, and told me to
come here into your People World to see
if any little girl would like to take her
place while she is away. And I thought
you might like to; would you?"
"Oh, yes." said Prue, "I would truly
very much."
"All right, then. Come along; Just take
a seat on my back."
"But am I not just a little too heavy?"
"Of course not," said the bird. "I am
twice as strong as you, although I am
small."
"How is that?" said Prue.
"Why, don't you see? Fairies and
fairy birds are always twice as strong as
people up here in People World."
"All right," said Prue, "I will if I can
get through this glass."
"That's easy enough," said the bird,
and he lifted his white wing, and the first
thing Prue knew the window had melted
away and she was sitting safely on the
bird's back.
A CHANCE TO GUESS.
it/ HO has the best little boy or
llf girl? Every mother answers
111 at once, "I have." The answer
is correct. They are all good;
so much more generous, truth-
ful, sunshiny, democratic ana loving
than any similar number of their eld
thought it best to pretend to be dead,
and ' therefore played possum to the
best of my ability, and to my success
in that direction I probably owe my
life.
"The night was not so dark but that
I could see the open doorway. Once
Mr. .Bear's .huge bulk /as outlined
against that space and he cec.neO. to be
about to go out for fresh air. But the
wind blew in a perfect cloud of snow
and he turned back and crouched in a
dark corner and I could not see him.
All the time he could watch and un
doubtedly did watch me. Every hour
seemed an age long and I felt that day
would never come.
"It was nearing 3 o'clock when I
heard a noise outside of the cabin;
voices and the trampling of a horse.
Some foolish persons had lost their way
in the mountains and had kept in mo
tion during the night, fearing that if
they should lie down they would
freeze. Mr. Bear heard the noise and
went out. I jumped up and seized my
cartridge belt, and, with fingers
numbed and trembling with the cold,
loaded my gun and ran to the cabin
door.
"There sat the bear, near the door,
upon his hind legs, waiting for the
strangers to come up the grade.
" 'Stand back.' I shouted, as I took
aim. 'Stand back, strangers, for I am
about to shoot a bear.'
"The strangers, lost and half-frozen
as they were, laughed at this strange
remark coming out of the darkness,
and evidently wondered what it could
mean. But they heard the rifle go off,
and, as good luck would have it. the
bear was so badly hurt that his only
thought was to get away. He dragged
himself down the trail as the strangers
fame up, nearly crowding them over a
precipice and astonishing them greatly.
"The strangers were old acquain
tances, Tom Nelson of San Francisco
and Edward Martin of Santa Barbara.
I made the cabin comfortable for them
and we all slept until daylight, with a
securely barred door between us and
the bear. . We found Mr. Bear in an
ugly. mood and ready to show fight, and
it took four shots to finish him. By the
time we had him skinned and indoors
the heaviest snowstorm I have ever
seen, in the Sierras set in.
"We were close prisoners for a full
fortnight. During that period we did
very well finA were jolly, having
enough to eat smd drink, and the wood
pile in one corner of the cabin proved
to be sufficient to carry us through the
storm. My newly found friends had
passed through many adventures, of
which I must tell you later."
As they flew along Frue saw lovely
things. The bird said they were taking
the fairy snow path which led to the
Queen's palare. Indeed. Prue thought it
w;is. for flowers were all made of snow,
and houses, trees and grass the same.
Then she wanted to know where they
were going, and the bird said "To Snowy
Fairy Land."
"It must be very grand," said Prue. "Is
everything made of snow? Excuse me for
asking so many questions, but it is very
puzzling."
"I will excuse you," said the bird, "but
things are not puzzling when you get
used to them. I can't explain now,
though, for here we are."
Prue looked up and saw little ice houses
where fairies as small as your finger were
sitting down on very small chairs to their
tea. And in the middle of the tiny ice
houses was one larger than the rest,
which was the Fairy Queen's palace.
The bird, flew to the ground and told
Prue to walk into the palace.
But Prue said: "I am too large; I
can't get in."
The bird said, as he brought from under
his wing a small snow candy, "Eat this
and you will be small enough."
And sure enough after Prue had eaten
the candy she was as small as the bird
himself.
So the bird lea Prue into the castle,
where Prue saw a tiny ice throne glitter
ing with diamonds.
Then the little Queen said, "Oh, this is
a beautiful person. She shall be Queen
always."
Prue got very excited, but»just then she
heard a well-known voice saying "Prue,
wake up and come to dinner."
She opened her eyes and ran down to
dinner. And so it was all a dream.
ers that it Is no wonder that each dis
cerning mother and father believe that
their children are the best.
The purpose of this is not to bring
about a discussion as to where the best
little one lives or what is its name and
who are its parents, but to see how
many will correctly guess who is rep
resented by the picture which is pub
lished with this. Two persons have the
real answer already — the father and
mother— and very likely there are lit
tle children who can make a shrewd
guess.
It would be worth a journey to Oak
land this morning to see their faces
THE MEN WHO BOW.
BY CHARLES A. KEELER.
Of all polite p.eople, what ones, can you
guess. . ;
Excel all their fellows in spite of. their
dress?
Not a Chinese " mogul nor a prince' of
Bombay v ' ■
Knows better the arts of politeness than
they. ;• . • -' : :
For morning and evening they stand raca
to face, . . • '.-*■■
In two little rows, and without changing
placa : - ■■, - - , .
They bow and aey bow, and they never
. get through—
This very considerate handcar crew! .:
A little girl of four had learned the
Bible text, "Love one another," at Sun
day school. She repeated It after re
turning home, and* her mother asked
her if she knew what It meant. "Why,
of course I do," she replied. "It means
that I must love you and you must love
me; I'm one and you're another."
3132
YUKON TRADE
LOOKING UP
Steamers Ready and
Getting Ready to Go.
A BIG RUSH EXPECTED.
HARD LUCK ATTENDING THE
STEAM SCHOONER RUTH.
The Chinese Crew on the Troopship
China Sent Home and Their
Places Taken by White
Sailors.
Two Bteamera intended for the Klondike
trade had their trial trips on the bay
yesterday. The Alaska Commercial Com
pany's new steamer St. Paul had her
engineer's trkU, while the AJaska- Yukon
Transportation Company's river steamer
James Eva went out on her official test.
The St. Paul was in command of Cap
tain George Harvey of the Ship Owners'
and Merchants' Towboat Company. He
is one of the most capable masters on the
bay, and took out the St. Paul by the
special invitation of the Commercial Com
pany. The machinery worked to perfec
tion, and when the vessel was going at
full speed she averaged fourteen knots
an hour. When everything is down to its
bearings it is expected that th-e new
steamer will do better even than on her
trial.
The James Eva took out a large party
on her trial trip. They were all friends
of the directors of the company, and had
a most enjoyable outing on the bay. The
Bteamer is intended for the Yukon River
trade, and will leave this week for St.
Michael in tow of the company's steamer
National City. The James Eva is lux
uriously fitted out and has all the accom
modations necessary for the comfort of
the passengers who wilLMravel by her.
The Harbor police hacr^o be called upon
yesterday to preserve order at the sailing
of the steamer Bertha. She was taking
away 163 waiters, cooks, stewards and
deckhands to man the Alaska Cummer
cial Company's new steamers at St. Ali
chael. Every one of this crowd was more
or less under the influence of liquor, and
as the hour of sailing approached there
were several tree tights. Sergeant Tom
Mahoney and a squad from the Harbor
police station went down to the wharf
and soon had the men under control. Had
they delayed putting in an appearance for
ten minutes longer there would have been
a small-sized riot in progress when they
reached Mission-street wharf.
The new steam schooner Kuth has not
life auspiciously. She was built at
Harbor View, t>ut when the launching
came she refused to leave the ways.
Several attempts were made to get her
on. but each (alled.sotwo of the rev sta< k
tugs were sent down, and they pulled har
off. When the tide went out she settled
on a couple of piles, and two holes were
stove in her. She had to be put on the
again and new planks put in; and
this time she slid into the water without
any trouble. She had only been anchored
a short time, however, when a stern
wheeli :• ran into her and stove In another
plank. When these repairs had been made
the v.-sstl was got away from Harbor
View and Is now having her machinery
put in The Ruth is a sister ship to the
Samoa, now running on the coast, and
when completed she will be put in the
Klondike trade. .
The chief oiticers of the steamers Colon
and Starbuck have changed Places. Mate
Mainwaring of the Colon did not relish
the idea of going to Manila so he has
been transferred to the fatarbuck. which
leaves In a few days for Panama, ami
Mate Doris of the Starbuck goes to the
There was a great hubbub on the Mail
dock yesterday about noon time. lne
Doric "was getting n-ady t<> sail for the
Orient and the China was getting rid .if
her Chinese crew. As the Cnina has been
chartered as a transport the coolies had
to be got rid of and their places tilled oy
white men. Many of the Chinese were
shipped in Hongkong and much to their
disgust they were transferred from the
China to the Doric and sent back home.
Those who were shipped here were trans
ferred to the Starbuck to await the de
cision of the Collector of the Port In re
gard to their landing. The work of dis
charging the China Is being rushed and if
all g"es well she should get away to
morrow week for Manila.
There was a big crowd of people down
to sec the Doric off and hundreds of them
had letters which they were eager tw pvt
away to the soldiers who left a few days
ago on the Peking, Sydney and Australia
for Manila via Honolulu. As the troop
ships will probably replenish their bunk
ers at Honolulu the chances are that the
Doric will get there at least twenty-four
hours before they continue their journey.
All the letters presented were gladly tak
en charge of by the purser and wllj be
put on board the troopships when the
steamer reu-ches Honolulu.
The l>ig British ship Tradewind is to
have a new master. Captain Ritchie, the
popular and able commander who brought
her here, has resigned and with his wife
will start for England early this week.
Captain Jones is now on his way here
from England and on his arrival win take
charge of the Tradewind. The ship Is
now taking in ballast and will start for
Tacoma in a few days to load wheat for
Europe.
The California-Alaska Navigation Com
pany's new steamer Dirigo will be ab^ut
the first of the Beet to get away for St.
Michael. She has nearly all her berths
engaged and is exported to sail on Wed
nesday. At St. Michael she will connect
with the company's new steamer Queen
of the Yukon, a fine n**w vessel 124 feet
long, 28 feet broad and G feet deep. She
has accommodations for 200 passengers
and 200 tons of freight, and is fitted
throughout with electric lights and every
thing necessary for the comfort of the
passengers. The company's other steam
er. Alice Rix, is now being fitted out at
the Folsom-street wharf. She is 120 feet
long, 28 feet broad, 6 feet deep and has
accommodation for 150 passengers and 150
tons of freight. She will be used on the
Yukon river in connection with the steam
er Queen of the Yukon.
FOLLOWED HER HUSBAND
TO EXILE UNO DEATH
Continued From Pap<» 26.
temptuously, as she wiped her flashing
eyes. "I^et them wait; I'll have him
out of prison and earn my bread, too."
But for once she was balked. No
sooner had she spent her little all on
the necessary expenditure for a small
store than she received a free pass on
the next mail boat bound for Sydney,
with orders to quit New Caledonia on
pain of Imprisonment. Alone she would
undoubtedly have faced the horrors of
a New Caledonia prison, but her chil
dren were unprotected. With one
clinging to each hand she found her
self, on a drizzling morning, in the
streets of Sydney, a stranger, not
speaking a word of the language, and
with a few dollars in her pocket. Nay,
worse than a stranger, for she had an
evil reputation to live down; the Nou
mean government, ashamed to own
that it feared a woman, had sent word
that she was expelled from New Cale
donia on the score of immorality. Hap
pily there are lies that defeat their
purpose; people would have been ready
enough to regard Mme. Rastoul as a
dangerous political agitator; no honest
person, looking at her grand counte
nance, could believe in her Immoral
tendencies. The beginning was cruelly
hard; she and her children more than
once stared starvation in the face: but
little by little it became known that a
French teacher of exceptional ch-arm
and individuality had come to Sydney,
and before many years Mme. Rastoul
stood at the head of her chosen profes
sion; to be her favored pupil was to
claim ltnguiatla distinction. Her bare.
rooms were exchanged for a luxurious
home, society sought one who was so
obviously "to the manner born," and
society, not taken into her confidence,
marveled sometimes why the beautiful
eyes held dark shadows and the sweet
face seemed lined with care. ■
Her daughter could have told them.
The daughter who used to wake up
night after night and, seeing a white
robed figure pacing restlessly up and
down, cry Imploringly, "Mamma, mam
ma, are you never going to sleep?" A
few months after her arrival in Sydney
ilme. Rastoul heard that the doctor,
with eighteen others, had escaped from
Noumea in a small boat. For five year*
her wistful eyes watched, night and
day, for the arrival of that doomed
crew. Then one day she heard an au
thentic tale of shipwreck; her step lost
some of Its elasticity, her beautiful hair
silvered and her poor neighbors saw
more of her than ever.
For there was one side of Juliette
Rastoul's life which society took no
note of. In drawing-rooms she was
only known as a brilliant social orna
ment. But the woman in garret or cel
lar, whose pain of travail had come
upon her, the woman bending over her
sick child's couch, the woman stand
ing by her husband's corpse with no
burial fee in hand, these knew that
"madame's" bell might be rung at any
hour of the night and that she would
answer as a ministering angel.
At length, mysteriously, into ma
dame's sorrowing life stole the glow of
an Indian summer; genius knelt at her
feet, offering loving homage and the
tender heart was snared unawares. "I
thought all my heart was buried in the
sea," she would say, smiling wistfully.
"I never suspected there was any left
to give away, but there was, and he
took it."
For years she had no cause to regret;
she was the joy and pride of an ex
ceptionally artistic home, the center of
an intellectual Bohemian circle.
Then, suddenly, the evil days fell
upon her. I need not dwell on a tale
of treachery and hishonor now buried
in the grave. Enough that "Madame"
onoe more found herself oast upon the
world, bearing for the first time a be
smirched name, and obliged to battle
for herself and the young grandchild
she had adopted. This new experience
well-nigh killed her, nay there are some
who know full well that it proved her
deathblow, but she carried her mortal
wound bravely. "I die standing," she
paid once more, "and before I die dis
honor must be removed from that
name; my life must honor it."
She kept her word. First in the
pretty little town of Hobart, Tasmania,
then in her well loved Sydney, she built
up for herself a reputation that will
not soon be effaced. Opposition, ca
lumny, misrepresentation were active
ly at work; to her wounded spirit the
task was harder than of yore, yet she
gallantly fought on. Many a time her
courage well-nigh failed, but the daunt
less cry was always wrung from her:
"I will not give in. I die standing,
or I fall with honor."
She died standing. Last January
intellectual Sydney was startled by the
news that its brilliant lecturess and au
thority on French literature, the found
ress of its only French Cercle Litteraire
and School of Dramatic Elocution, had
died after a few days' illness. Flowers
were massed over her still form,
wealth and fashion flocked to the fu
neral, her country's official representa
tive stood at her grave, the newspapers
view with one another in laudatory arti
cles, and adoring pupils erected a mon
ument. Only the few guess that the
heart under that monument was long
since crushed and broken; that it was
not life's blood, but honor, that kept it
pulsating so long.
ROSE DE BOftEME.
RECORDS THAT SHOW
Spain Is Used
TO "MANILA DEFEATS."
OF late Spanish statesmen, ad- j
mirals and generals have been
doing a great deal of boasting in
regard to the past glories won by |
their seamen. The impression i
gained from reading their state
ments is that Spain's career at sea has
been one grand series of successes. In- j
stead, the fact is, it has been one grand
series of disasters. And particularly i
so, when her fleets met the men-of-war
of the Anglo-Saxon.
In Spain's early history there is lit- j
tie of a maritime nature. Most of her ''
fighting was done on land and with
well equipped armies she won enough
money to enable her to employ the best
soldierly talent of the day. By a stroke J
of luck Spain found herself the ruling
power over vast areas of land and with
money enough on hand to employ men
to explore the furthest ends of the j
earth for her. At one time Spain was
really the first naval power.
But even when circumstances made
her the first of naval powers Spain was
never equal to the task she undertook,
says the London Speaker. A great j
Italian sailor secured for her the em- I
pire of the "West. The fighting prowess j
of two great military captains won for I
her Mexico and Peru. Her splendid I
armies conquered Portugal and brought \
her the widest colonial dominion of the
age. ;
But it was not by sea that Spain
won her supremacy, and not by naval
victories that she laid her grip on every
quarter of the globe. Even when her
power and wealth seemed irresistible,
when her military reputation was at its
height, wfien the world was strewn j
with her territories and the ocean laden |
with her argosies and fleets, her real
naval power was utterly incommensur
ate with the astonishing pretensions ]
which it made!
As soon as England and Holland laid !
a iinger on it, her maritime empire
crumbled into dust. The Armada only
revealed a fact which English sailors
had long suspected, and the conscious
ness of which explains Drake's sublime
contempt for the menaces of Spain— |
the fact that, even at the zenith of their j
fame, the Spaniards had no mastery of j
the arts by which the sea is held.
Is there on record a battle which j
shows that Drake and Blake and Jervis
and Nelson were mistaken in their low
estimate of Spanish seamen? Can any
of us recall the name. of a Spanish ad- j
miral of genius, or of any great Span- i
ish naval victory since Lepanto, which
was won largely by Venetian crews?
If we look at the history of Spain
since the Armada, we find only a kuc- '■
cession of naval disasters, a succession
of triumphs for any state which has j
ventured to grapple with the Spaniards i
on the seas.
Take the history of the seventeenth
century and follow the career of the
Dutch admirals and of the greatest of !
Nelson's predecessors, P.lakf>. Take |
the eighteenth century and notice how !
even Alberoni and Patino failed, with
all their efforts, to resuscitate the fleets
of Spain.
Take the modern war in Chile, and '
mark how few antagonists Cochrane
could find there worthy of his steel.
Even in the days of her greatest power
at sea, Spain was notoriously deficient
in the capacity of her sailors, and since
those days she has steadily declined.
To-day Spanish gunners and Spanish j
engineers are confessedly among the
worst in Europe. It would be little
short of a miracle If it should turn out
that Spain, within the last two de
cades, bad bred, a race of seamen ca
THE SAX FBAltf CISCO CAM,, STWDAIf, MAY 29, 1898.
6 HALES.
PATRIA J
ifo *n^t<^i<*cf>><>p e fu*"***y c|p
ft./tf J«4< <**>>«? o*ot*u <frtaW* <fo&, : .^jjfl
YIP 7S«fc3 Afi*c6**e l *n Ohc ye */<& J<i^T^
■ w A Of*. Kerri* 6ji~q »v~ Mcj&Z
-.A.4 * <%tKcm«j£ t/m/ncUCtx tfa, 6te&/*~f<*> W
, (fa^rtexi iwmdex, kKio an tax* /a<O ±.A
A*i*. A*cA,~>ou ******* ***'
In Our Bazaar.
(Aisle No. 4, Upstairs).
CDFF A 62-page book entitled "Twen-
riVL.L.« tieth Century Toilet Hints," In-
troducing the celebrated Rich-
ard Hudnut Perfumes and Toilet Specialties
of New York City.
fludnut Perfnmery.
Quadruple Strength.
Sweet Orchid— Napoleon Violet— Iris-
Wood Violet, Opponax, White Rose
45c ounce
flndnut Toilet Waters.
Sweet Orchid, White Heliotrope, Extreme
Violet, Sweet Lavender, popular size 800
Hudnut Florida Water, sprinkle top sOc
Hudnut 925 Cologne, half pint .91.00
Hudnut's Celebrated Skin Preparations
In Glass Jars.
Cerate, Violet, Almond. Meal, Camphor Ice,
1 Mutton Tallow, Cocoa Butter, Cucumber and
! Orris, Tincture Benzoin, Talcum, Toilet Pow-
j ders, Beauty Cream, Liquid Rouge. All sold at
Perfumery Counter.
Hudnut's Tooth Preparations.
Paste '. 50c|Waah BOc
Hudnut's Manicure Preparations.
! Eyebrow Pencils 15c
The genuine Richard Hudnut Perfum-s and
Specialties have the trademark "Huduutlnj."
Look for It— Protect yourself and ue.
In the Bazaar.
Main Basement.
Enameled Steel Ware.
Great Sale.
COFFEE OR TEA POTS.
1U 2 3 - ; 4- .'. 5 quarts
200 25c 3Oc 350 40c Each
LIPPED SAUCEPANS.
1H42 8 4 5 6 7 quarts
8c 10c 13c 15c 2Oc 22c 25c 3Oc Each
SEAMLESS STRAIGHT SAUCE ' POT.
3 4 *6 8 quarts
280 2Sc 85c 40c Each
COFFEE BIGGEN.
1 2 3 .4 quarts
3Bc 4Oe . 45c sOc Each
Money Back on Anything If Tou Wish It.
SEAM COVERED BUCKET.
1 2 3 4 6 quarts
120 15c 18c 2Oc 25c Each
DISH PAN WITH HANDLE.
8 10 14 17 quarts
300 3Bc 4Oc 4Bc Each
DEEP PUDDING PANS.
:12 ; 4 5 6-8 quarts
80 10c 14e 10c 18e 20c Each
ENAMELED STEEL.
Drinking Cup 5c I
Cake Turner ' 5c
Dust Pan l(>c
Cuspidore I Op
Soap Dish lOc
Skimmer '..5c
Basting Spoon Be
Housekeepers should give this special atten-
tion — We cannot duplicate these goods or these
prices. ■•■ V_ ■''■:
A ■word of — Come before the line is i
pickeQ over. . - '
pable of reversing: the unvarying mis
fortunes of the past.
For proof of the foregoing It Is only
necessary to turn back a few pages of
history to show just how incapable the
Spanish seamen are. Not only are
they weak in science and discipline, but
they have not shown the bravery of the
Anglo-Saxon sailors. A study of the
records of the British navy, of even re
cent years, will show that for bravery
and valor the Spaniards can give no
points to the Anglo-Saxon. Spain can
show not a single engagement in which
her men displayed the bravery the
English have on many occasions.
Every student of British history
knows of the defeat of the Spanish Ar
mada, But that is too long ago. To
come to a more recent date, 1770, is far
enough back to show what is intended.
At this time the Dons had built up
quite a formidable navy and became
very insolent again. Piracy was en
couraged to such an extent that Eng
land had to interfere to teach a les
son.
For a number of years there was con
tinual fighting and engagements were
very frequent. The most important of
these engagements are as follows:
March 17, 1794— The British brig Ze
bra, of sixteen guns, stormed and cap
tured Fort Royal, Martinique. This
was a hot fight of many hours and th^
Spanish numbered their adversaries al
most 4 to 1.
March It, 1796— British frigßte Dia
mond and the Liberty, an eighteen-gwn
brig, destroyed the batteries of Port
Sporgui and nine warships. The Dia
mond was in command of Sir Sydney
Smith and the Liberty In command of
George McKinley, an ancestor of our
illustrious President. •
February 12, 1797— Admiral Sir John
Jervis in the old Victory, famed after
ward as Lord Nelson's flagship, had an
action with the Spanish fleet and de
stroyed nearly all of them and cap
tured four ships of the line.
May 5, 1798— Two brigs, the Badger of
10 guns and the Sandfly of 8 guns, had
an engagement with four Spanish frig
ates. It was a fierce battle, but one
that did not last long, owing to the ac
curacy of the British gunners. Three
of the Spanish vessels were sunk and
the fourth, the Santa Dorotea. was
captured, and afterward did good serv
ice fighting for England.
November 6, 1799— The Speedy, a
small brigantine carrying eight 4
poundors. engaged twelve Spanish gun
boats and successfully defended a con
voy of merchantmen at the same time.
May 6, 1801— Lord Cochrane, In the
Speedy, ranged up alongside of the
Spanish frigate Gamo, and after a hard
fight. In which the Gamo was nearly
wrecked, captured her. The crew of
the Gamo was 455 all told. The crew of
the little Speedy was but 38.
July 12, 1301 — The Cocar, an English
line-of-battle ship, and seven small
gunboats met a large French and Span
ish squadron in the f.traits of Gibraltar
and after a fierce fight destroyed all but
one frigate, the San Antonio, of 74 guns,
which was captured and put under the
British colors. The English loss was
trifling.
February 3, 1805 — The Arrow and the
Acheron, both 16-gun brigs, protected
a convoy of twenty-eight merchant
vessels against two powerful Spanish
frigates, and thrashed them off..
August 23, 1806— Captain C. Bris
bane, in the Arethusa, a small corvette,
captured the Spanish frigate Pomone.
January 1, 1807 — Captain Brisbane, in
the Arethusa, assisted by four other
vessels, captured the port of Curacoa.
November 24, 1807— Lieutenant Mc-
Kenzie. in a small cutter, captured ten
gunboats and a privateer. He de
stoyed them all.
April 24, 1808— Captain Searle, in a lit
tle gun brig, the Grasshopper, and a
cutter under command of Lieutenant
Baugh, engaged all the. Spanish gun
I 6 HALES. I 6 HADE'S. I______JL5 ALE S |
YeSterdaY Oursixtn afternoon concert was To-Day, The day of rest. A fitting prelude To^Morrow, Decora on Da We mourn
c , , ■'.' a ereat success. We closed as c ,Vto a solemn celebration to-mor- M y ' our nation's dead and close our
Saturday, usual at 6 o'clock ! SUnday, row ! Monday, stores all day !
SO £reat is our floor space to-day— That we wish we could take a page of this paper to tell
so many are our new departments- you al| we would , wish to teli you; but these figures
ovs iiieiii.y bib "« i- , speak for themselves. . They are for "Good Goods " Come
. so dainty are the summer novelties- in T uesday and see them / You re our guests any time
This adveptisement includes such attractions as these:
I Dimities 4*c yard Mnslin ...»4c yam nit Towels, 20144 8c eacn 5000 yds. Dress Goods.soc yard First SHow Hndnnt's Permmery
Organdies :..6c yard GingHams 5c yard Embroideries 2c yard Lawn Aprons sceacn and Toilet Articles
Dotted Swiss.... 7c yard snirt Prints 3^c yard sample Handkerchiefs, Ladies' Hose lOcpair 7-Gored BiacJc serge s£irts.s4.oo
WASH GOODS AS SWEET AS NEW-MOWN HAY-COOL AND FRESH AS THE MORNING BREEZE !
• 12,650 Yards Embroidery.
EAVrV Our Eastern buyers secured
rARLI a very choice lot of new Edg-
nFPAPTMFWT in* 8 nil insertion to match—
l/ElAlllitiCll 1 manufacturers season is
Aisle No. 2. about ovpr, ours about to
commence. The patterns in
this offering are particularly choice, and at the
price we offer them will insure a great sale
on Tuesday:
2000 yards, 1 to 1% Inches wide "c per yard
2250 yards, IV* to 2 Inches wide *c per yard
3000 yards, 1 to 2 inches wide (white and col-
ored) f»c P*r yard
3400 yards, 2U to 5 inches wide (great va-
riety) 7 l-2o per yard
1500 yards, 3 to 9 Inches wide (see the
show) »*• Per yard
500 yards (only), I^, to 3 inches wide (col-
ored) ; *>c per yard
See the Window Display.
200 Doz. Sample Handkerchiefs 124 c.
After the traveler's return to the hole-
saler or jobber, the samples are sold to the
largest retailers in the trade, and big houses
I like Hale's watch for such occurrences.
j Here's an importer's line of Embroidered,
j Scolloped and Hemstitched Handkerchiefs,
Swiss manufacture, each one on original
paper, worth In the regular way 25c: we
bought the entire lot, and Tuesday to 2400
lucky buyers they go for 1— l-2c Each
5000 Yards New Dress Goods 50c.
DRESS GOODS Nothing moves the femi-
lmC33 UIIUI/J n |ne heart quicker than
HCDADTIItWT a ribbon or a dress goods
IICI AKI lllLn 1 surprise. Here* one we
Aisle No .1. show Tuesday. New
Fancy Mohairs, Fancy
Epinglines, Broches and Reps. Fancy Jac-
quards. Navy Stonii Serges, in all the popu-
lar color combinations; goods that only by
means of a vast capital can he bought by
us and sold to you at such a price as
j '. COc per yard I
1 1200 YARDS NAVY STORM SERGE, full
60-inch wide, extra heavy quality, guar-
anteed all wool «> c yard
1 CASE LOYALA SUITING in a fancy
basket weave. 50 inches ,wide, colors such
as navy, marine, seal, gclden . brown, ;-v i
myrtle, olive and heliotrope, all wool —
$1.00 yard
j 1700 YARDS HEAVY DIAGONAL SERGE,
probably one of the most stylish and
economical outing materials this season,
full 50 Inches wide, in all staple colors,
Btrictly all wool— such goods as build up
a reputation: Tuesday 75c yard
Mil I INPDV Tnp success of this depart-
irllLLlnLlll ment has proved that our
DTM^'MT millinery has been of the
l/CIAIII ill I highest artistic beauty, and
Aisle No. 4. sold at a very reasonable
profit. There is originality,
beauty and excluniveness. Airy Leghorns,
Panamas and Chips, Dainty Neapolitans, Lace
and other Straws, with a wealth of Flowers.
i Plumes, Laces, Ribbons and Ornaments de-
i llKhtful to the eye. and in strictest dictates of
Fashion.
Our display In window Is a panorama of
' beauty.
OUR MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT ships orders the same day a« received. If not let us know and we will
know the reason why. There's no reason why (with care) our out-of-town patrons should not buy by mail
just as well as if at our counters.
SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST PROGRESSIVE DRY-GOODS HOUSE.
937-939-941-943-945-947 Isfleirlsiet St.
boats at Faro. The engagement was a
hot imp, but, as usual, the Anglo-Saxon
triumphed. Not a ship was left to fly
the Spanish flag. The English loss was
very small.
The list could be lengthened consid
erably, always with the same result.
Such victories as the Spaniards may
have gained over the English was al
ways done by vastly superior num
bers.
The same may be said of their "vic
tories" in the new world. It was always
a case of the rude implements of the
savage against the armor and guns of
Europe. When there has been any
thing like equality on both sides the
Spaniards have Invariably been de
feated. And so It must always be for
the reason that the Anglo-Saxons are
the most resourceful race that ever
lived.
CODES UP TO
MODERN TIMES
Changes of Twenty-Five
Years Are Inserted.
THE FULL REPORT WILL BE
IN FIVE VOLUMES.
Hon. Robert Nelson Bulla, of the Code
Commission, was in the city yesterday on
legal business. He has recently returned
from a session of the commission, which
has been very busy for some months get
ting the revision in shape. Speaking of
the progress made already, and of the
future work of the commission, he said:
"It is a vast undertaking that is under
way by the Commissioners, and we shall
not be able to have it completed until the
meeting of the Legislature. When you
take into consideration the fact that there
are thousands of sections to carefully re
vise, the extent of the work will at once
appear. Our work will appear in four
regular volumes, and another which will
be largely supplementary.
"There will he two regular reports, one
of which will be somewhat conservative
and of a churacter that all will almost
certainly agree with. There will he an
other report far more radical in its feat
ures, and this will recommend serious
changes, new bills and innovations. In
the main report we have omitted the sec
tions that have boon declared unconsti
tutional, but in every instance we have
made the proper annotations. We have
always made full notes on the changes,
referring to the decisions of the Supreme
Court modifying or otherwise affecting
the main points. Wherever the statutes
have made omissions that the Supreme
Court has. In a manner, supplied, we
have inserted them as sections of the
code. An instance In point is the case
of general elections, which have never
been defined In the codes. We found a
definition in the decisions of the Supreme
Court, and at once supplied It wfth due
credit.
"We have already completed our revi
sions of the civil code and will soon be
well along with our work on the political
code. It is all slow and tedious work.
Our plan is to assign a few hundred sec
tions to each member of the commission.
after which all of us have to read it by
sections and agree. The commission will
recommend a number of new bills, and
we hope many of them will pass. When
you take into consideration the fact that
the codes have not been revised for
twenty-five years, and that in that time
there have benn a great many changes In
the laws and affairs of the commonwealth
you will understand the extent of our
undertaking. "
Advances mads on furniture and ptanoi, with
<?r without removal. J. Noopap, 1017-4023 Mission.
3000 Yards Dimity, 4£c a Yard.
nfIMCCTir On sale Tuesday, the re-:
ISUifILO IIV BU it of a specially strong
TIFPARTMFNT P urch 3000 yards Dim-
UIA ARIinUM ity; 27 Inches wide ; in
Aisle No. 3. light and dark colors: In
various 2-tone plaids,
overplalds, checks and crisscross patterns
4^c yard
I ORGANDIES; one of the season's liveliest
washgoods sellers; 2S inches wide; small
dainty figures on a white ground. <Je yanl
Better grade;' 31 inches wide; plaids and
small floral patterns on white and tinted
grounds 12' ; c and 15c yard
WHITE DOTTED SWISS: 24 inches wide;
small and medium dots; extremely good
value 7c yard
EOO PIECES PERCALES; 36 Inches wide; In
over 100 patterns and colorings; light and
dark; this season's goods, which ■■ we .
bought close and sell closely 12^c yard
10 bales unbleached MUSLIN; 36 Inches
wide: quality the best that can be offered I |
for the price 4c yard |
6 CASES WAMSUTTA MUSLIN, bleached;
36 Inches wide; fine close-woven fabric...
He yard ,
2000 yards SHIRTING PRINTS; % width; ; Ht [
standard quality; In light colors 3%c yard ,
2000 YARDS NEW DRESS GINGHAMS; 27
Inches wide; in plaids and stripes, dark
colors; suitable for dresses; an Ideal fab-
ric for country wear during vaca -on. sc yard .
60 doz. WASH CLOTHS: 12 Inches square; ?
bleached; good for hotels, camps, cot-
tages Uc each
47 doz. TURKISH TOWELS; 20x44, fringed,
fast selvage, unbleached; one of the items
of . Hale's stock which always attracts a
crowd 8c each
ROLLER .TOWELLING; 17 Inches wide; all
pure linen, extra heavy, absorbent ..9c yard .
MOSQUITO NETTING (8 yards In a piece) .
45c piece
An Item put on sale Tuesday, as the va-
cation time Is now on us; warm weather
will emphasize its necessity. ,
New McCall Dress Patterns.
Aisle No. 1, Rear. ■"
Our latest acquisition is the famous Mc-
Call Paper Patterns, the creations of Paris,
Berlin, Vienna and New York. . If you wish |
a 42-page monthly magazine of fashions,
cookery, fancy work, popular fiction, we
will, if you live in the city, for only 30c,
give you a 15c pattern and every month
for 12 months a magazine free. If you ■
live out of the city send us 50 cents and
you will get any 15c pattern you wish and ;
the magazine by mail free for one year.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
Year's Record Shows
Copper Booming To
ward Second Place.
Coal Will Have Its First Inning
This Year— The Doings
of Big Mines.
The figures giving the total mineral
record of the State for 1597 as compiled
by Statistician Charles G. Yale of the
Mining Bureau present but one marked
increase, and that is hi the production of
copper. In 1596 but 1,992,844 pounds, val
ued at $199,518, was credited to California's
copper mines. In 1897 the production rose
to 13,638,C2t> pounds, valued at $1,540,666.
This increase is wholly due to the great
and growing operations of tho Mountain
Copper Company in Shasta- County. There
is every prospect that the phenomenal
demand for copper and copper properties
will continue for some rears, and that it
will bring to this State as to other cop
per-producing regions as rapid and con
tinuous an increase as that- which lias
marked the past year. The old copper
mini's at Copperopolls are about to be
rehabilitated; in Shasta County are bodies
of copper ore as vast and valuable as that
being developed by tho Mountain Copper
Company; and these and other properties
elsewhere are now the subject of active
explottatlon/"%hich promises an early de
velopment. Copper has risen to third
place in the list of the State's mineral
products, and will likely In another year
outstep petroleum, which has recently
displacetl quicksilver as the product of
second importance.
The petroleum product increased in
value during the year from $1,180,793 to
$1,91H,269, and this is surely but a fraction
of the value which the annual product
will reach in the near future. Coal cut
small figure last year, but the recent
opening for operations on a large scale
of the Corral Hollow mines will in IS9B
place coal high in the list for the first,
time. The building of the new Postofßce
will boom the product of building stone
this year and may result in the develop
ment of great marble quarries. The total
increase of $sr>i»,ooo in the value of .the
State's mineral product In spite of the
dry year, which so greatly curtailed the
gold product, is evidence of the generally
healthy Condition of the mining industry,
which has in this State a future far
greater than its past.
The editor of the Georgetown Gazette
of Xl Dorado County preaches this edi
torial sermon after a visit to the boom
ing neighboring county of Tuolumne:
"During our few months' sojourn in
Tuolumno County last winter, one import
ant feature was observed, and we often
spoke about it, remarking what a con
trast there was between the mining spirit
of that and El Dorado County. That
cotinty ranks in population and wealth
a little under El Dorado. Two years- ago
her gold product was rated only a little
above that of El Dorado; now she ,runs
Nevada a close rub for the banner coun
ty, standing second. In Tuolumne we
found no business men talking about the
mines being played out and not being
worth taking hold of. On every hajid
people manifest the utmost confidence in
their mines. It is this spirit which is
bringing the famous old county to the
front. We need more of that spirit in
El Dorado. That is what encourages
miners and capital to come among us and
take hold. The success of our mining in
dustry is our only hope for prosperity.
Disrourage prospecting and mine devel
opment and the county goes backward.
We have a county certainly as rich in
gold aa any in the State, and what we
■want Is moro confidence and energy
shown by our leading and prominent cttl
zena .wjio are more or less in contact with
DRAPFRY ThlB department . has been
1/ it i Lin 1 enlarged and every curtain
DFPARTMFVT can now be hun & UBt aa v
VH /tniiJCill will appear at your' home.
Aisle .No. 3. After you purchase draperies
here we will hang them,
free; no charge for our time or our experi-
ence. • :•■.
250 PAIR LACE CURTAINS— yards
long. ln floral, novelty and fishnet designs
In ecru and white 91.75 Pair
ECRU LACE STRIPE SCRIM — Good,
6trong, serviceable material for sash and
full-length curtains; specially suitable
for your summer cottage; 40 Inches wide
7 1-iic a Yard
80 DOZEN BRASS DRAPERY CHAINS—
For draping curtains and- portieres back.
To close out the entire lot ln a few days
we say 6c Pair
C\ OA With our new annex came
vHM!\ much more room; a chance
nFPARTMFNT for larger stock, • better store
VH HA I.flCll 1 service and better satisfac-
Aisle No. 3, Rear, tlon in our Cloak Depart-
ment. Anything bought here
will b« fitted and altered free of charge.
TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKET— '
' throughout with pretty shades of change-
able taffeta silk; sizes 34 to 40 $7.50
BLACK REP SILK CAPE— IB Inches long.-
handsome Vandyke pattern; trimmings
of chenille and silk; chiffon ruche around'
neck; sizes 34 to 40 95.00
BLACK VELVETEEN CAPE— IB Inches
long; trimmed with ribbon, lace and Jet;
empire back; lined with taffeta; sizes .34
to 40 95.00
■
BLACK SERGE SKIRT— wool; full fin-
ished and lined with percallne, bound,
seven-gored and In the latest cut; perfect
ln hang, cut and finish 94.00
TAN COVERT CLOTH SUIT— FIy-front
jaoket, lined with' colored silk serge; skirt
full finished and bound; sizes 34 to 40
„ 912.50
riMPIVfi Ou r business hat< grown so, dur-
VAiTiriHU ing the past year especially, that
4KTII new departments surprise even
Anl/ our oldest patrons. For instance
Vif*4TTAV ln nur bazar to-day we show
VAvAHUN White Mexican Sisal Hammocks,
13-foot for 75c. 14-foot, '91.00,
and closely woven fancy cotton, Sox4o inches,
fI.OO, including spreader. There's Camp
toves. Grips. Valises. Trunks. Straps, Agate
and Tin Ware and all those necessary adjuncts
to a life of ease in camp, whether It be on the
shores of Monterey or on Shasta's heights.
capitalists and men who come to look at
our mines and prospects."
The Amador Record says that the Cen
tral Eureka mine is looking finely. Splen
did ore has been encountered in the shaft
and it is how a foregone conclusion, that
this property is going to make one of the
great mines on the lode. The owners have
stood by the proposition faithfully and it '
has cost them a big sum of money to car
ry on the work, but they now have the ;
eatisfacton of knowing that success will I
crown their efforts. As matters now
stand it ought not to be many months be- i
fore a big mill will be pounding away and !
the Central Eureka counted among the j
steady bullion producers.
The Argonaut mine ,-i:d a dividend of I
10 cents per share for the month of April. ■
A syndicate of New Brunswick capital- i
ists is negotiating for the purchase of the j
Mountain mine, near Sierra City, Sierra I
County. The property is owned by Pat j
Keddy, Judge Garber and other San ;
Francisco parties. The mine is situated i
on the mountain side, 6000 feet above sea
level. The ore body is fifteen feet In ,
I width and carries low-grade free-gold ore, j
says the Redding Free Press. An aerial
tramway is used to carry the ore from i
the mine to the mill, which is situated on j
the river 4000 feet below the mine. The ;
mill has- forty stamps and is run by water
power. It is estimated that there are i
15,00 tons of ore in sight. If the ore will j
yield $4 per ton the company will purchase j
the property and put in sixty more i
stamps. The ore can be mined and milled !
for $2 ncr ton.
The National Mining Company of Rich
Gulch shipped by rail from this city on ;
Tuesday to the smelter at Vallejo June- j
tion a carload of sulphurets'. The ship- j
ment consisted of 265 sacks, of d. total i
weight of 25,000 pounds. The company has ,
the finest mill in this county. It is a late
improved ten-stamp battery mill with a •
full concentrator plant, and a canvas :
plant behind the concentrators to Rave
the sulphurets, which carry large j
values. — Redding Free Press.
A twenty-stamp mill is being erected by
Captain McMurtrie. A. Cornwall and
others at the Providence mine, on the
north fork of the Tuolumne River, about
fifteen miles from Sonora. Part of the j
machinery has been received, and the re- j
mainder will be delivered there this week, j
Large quantities of ore are being taken :
out of the mine at present.— Stockton In- j
dependent.
We w.ere on Wednesday shown some of !
the richest sulphurets we have ever seen. j
They were taken from, the Koltz mine at
Weal Point, at a depth of 650 feet. An j
assay of the sulphurets wont $SOO per ton.
The lead in the Keltz is about twenty j
inches wide and the rock assays $50 per
ton. The work of shipping the ore to ;
Selby's reduction works will be com
menced next week.— Calaveras Chronicle.
An immense gallows frame is being
erected over the shaft of the l.ightner
mine. We used to think that those of
tho Dtlca company were high, but this
one towers twenty-five feet above any
of them, it being 100 feet in height. The
Lightner mine joins the Utica on the
north. About its premises all is bustle
and activity, and that this property will
be a second Utica in the production of
the yellow metal there is no reason tor
question.— Calaveras Prospect.
A report reached San Andreas this week
to the effect that a rich strike had been
made at the old Thorn crevice at San
Antone Camp. The party who brought |
the news to town stated that the crevice
yields an average of $50 to the bucket,
which is, indeed, rich gravel. This crev- ,
ice was worked by Sheriff Thorn and a ;
partner in 1864-57. During the two sum
mers they extracted in the neighborhood j
of $27,000. James Lee", Frank Cuneo and
others are now working the claim.
Thomas Fullen of the old Demarest mine
was in San Andreas this week solicfting
subscribers to the capital stock of that j
young gold producer. It is intended to
incorporate the Demarest for $100,000.—
Calaveras Citizen.
The Nourso property has been bonded
for a good round sum. The formation is !
a massive outcrop of diabase and quartz, ,
which Bhows up well In free gold.—Tuol
umne Independent.
The shaft at the Amador Queen Is
down- ao close, to the 1000-ioot mark that. ,
• 6 HALES.
■ *&S '*»« '
**> cXZ&fMefcA* tcuttcjoecu,: V W
'iffjp cJhrvtM/* hu> Keuidma^Jtnrt^. \fllf 1 '
&n4Alo JajTvei cAoAft. &>*/£*. . vQA
J^ *«y»<7 rru^O Aom, JK> r A W?
every item in this column a
practical lesson in
ff Economy.
WHITE LAWN APRONS. 8 row» of
imitation drawn work, 33 inchea long, £?>•
30 inches wide ". UW
WHITE LAWN APRONS with lao«
insertion and deep hem on bottom,
long fulL 'strings, 33 Inches long, 30|Ol / -»
inches' wide l^SaV*
WHITE LAWN APRONS, 11 rows of
imitation hemstitch, 8 rows of -;, \i,
sateen stripes and deep hem on bot-
tom, large full strings, 37 inches J fi3/>
long, 62. inches wide lU3W
INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S CAPS
of corded silk in red. blue and ",
brown, 'full ruche in front, rosette on
top also white India silk with silk QBfy-> :
embroidered crown, poke shape , .*m%3\J .
Or of fine India silk, pok« shape,
silk cord, .trimmed crown, silk ruf- ET f\c
fle round front with flossed .edge.... 01/ v
Or bonnets of fine India Bilk, pokft
shape, silk embroidered orown, silk
ruffle round front, lace trimmed
edge .■..•..••••••••••••••••••••••»••••••» iOC
Look H^«Jl<=k»»m7 Weai»>
kvdi. nosiei*y« wen.
BLACK COTTON HOSE (for chil-
dren), fine Maco cotton, spliced
heels, double, knee, heels and toe9,|Ql/«
seamless, sizes 5 to 9% 14sv
• " ♦
BLACK COTTON HOSE (for boy»),
extra heavy quality, narrow ribbed,
double knee, heels and toes, very let-.
elastio and seamless; sizes 6 to 10.. lUv
COTTON HOSE (for children) of fln»
Maco yarn,, fast black and all new
shades of tan. high spliced heels, QCf/-»
double knee, sole and toes, 4 to 9.. -*stJw
COTTON HOSE, black, for ladies,
good heavy quality, fast color, IA/«
spliced heels, doubla sola and toes.. lUv
Better grade of fine Maco cotton,
Richelieu and Rembrandt ribbed,
in black and tan, spliced heels andOC/v
• toes 4DO
Another line — Hermsdorf dye, all
black, .and black with white split
foot and black with all white foot,
high spliced heels, double sole and OKs*
toes •■ ZOt i
Notion Department Inducements.
I'latinum Corset Steels, grey, white and
black C pr
Best quality' Horn Bone, 8 and 9 Inch 7o doa
Best quality Horn Bone. 10 inch 8c doz
Furniture Gimp, all shades 2o yd
Vel-vet. Grip Hose Supporters for ladies... l!>e
Corduroy Skirt Binding, .'fl-Scyd
Stewart's Linen Thread, black, unbleached,
and white : 5c spool
Imitation Seal Leather Belt (see It) 400
Calf Leather Belts, beautifully tinted In
bayadere stripes, lined and etltched, gilt
and silver harness buckles sOc each
at present they are cutting the station.
A drift is being run from the 500-foot
level in ore, and General Manager Dye
will put the product through the mill aa
a test. — Amador Ledger.
MEMORIAL DAY.
How League of the Cross Cadets Will
Observe It.
The League of the Cross annually ob
serves Memorial day with solemn high
mass in the morning and with the cere
mony of decorating the graves of de
! ceased cadets in the afternoon. The mass
*im ii" ceifin a te<i iii st. 'Mary's Cathe
dral on Monday morning at P:."0 o'clock.
The First Regiment, League of the cross
I Cadets, will attend, in command of Col
j onel W. P. Sullivan. Members of the
I League of the Cross Auxiliary and friends
j will also be present.
After the mass the cadets will parade
lon Van Ness avenue, headed by the
i League of the Cross band. The various
j companies will visit the cemeteries in tho
I afternoon to decorate the graves of their
j deceased members.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•+♦♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦l
. "THE CREDIT HOUSE." v]
Z_ Six Btories High.
: WjM j-^v^ :
♦ Parlor Armchairs — Uphol- H
stered seat and back; rich - H
♦ colored tapestry; a good li- -<
+ brary chair $2.50 "J
"*" Furnish up that.extra bedroom now ; H
"^" three-piece Bedroom Set, Bureau, Bed H
■♦" and ' Wash Stand .$7.00 H
"*" A good Stove that will cook and bake 'i
"*" set up in your kitchen $7.00 H
"*" Triumph Folding Bed, comfortable 4
"*■ as an ordinary bed ; saves two-thirds H
"♦" the space. .$7.25 H
"♦" " — ! H
♦ Carpet Department, n
+ Our Carpet Department suits 1
4- every pocket-book ; we've every- i
•♦- thing! from Ingrains to the finest -<
•¥■ $3-a-yard Axminsters. -i
+-. Rugs are an important feature 4
4*- of this department. 4
Reversible Smyrna Rugs, 18x36 inch-
"*■ es; many designs and colors .65c ~*
"^ v Moquette Rugs, 27x54 inches; col-
■*" . ors that harmoni" with your car-
■♦■ pet:.......... .. ....^^ $1.50 H
Free delivery In WAland, Alameda
■f- and Berkeley. . -^
I M. FRIEDMAN & CO. h
I 233-235-237 Post Street. J
Neap Stockton. Open Eveninfts.
• A <k ±. * * * aft. * £ * 4 ; •*. * * * 1