VOLUME LXXXV.-XO. 27.
FORCES ON
THEIR WAY
TO ILOILO
Military and Naval Expe
ditions fJre Sent Out
prom Manila.
Proper Steps Promptly Ta^en to
Safeguard flmericat} Inter
ests on Panay Island.
EseclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec 26.— The
Administration has taken
steps to safeguard American
interests in the city of Iloilo,
on the island of Panay, one
of the Philippine archipelago, and a
military and naval expedition Is now
on its way there from Manila.
Cable advices were received here to
day from General Oti6, commanding the
military forces In the Philippines, and
Admiral Dewey. commanding the naval
forces there, showing that they are
acting In concert in the matter.
General Otis reported that he had dis
patched two regiments and a battery
of artillery to Iloilo on army transports
and Admiral Dewey notified the Navy
Department that the cruiser Baltimore
had sailed from Manila for the same
place to-day. He explained that these
officers are acting upon th*ir discre
tion in the matter, and that no official
advices have been received here to in
dicate that there is any unusual law
lessness in Iloilo.
Several days ago it was reported hy
way of Madrid that the Spanish forces
in Iloilo had been attacked by the in
surgents and had driven them back
with heavy loss, but this report lacks
official confirmation. The United States
expedition is more in the nature of a
precaution, but will take active meas
ures for the suppression of lawlessness
In case the condition of affairs re-
Quire it.
AdmiraJ Dewey is anxious for the ar
rival of the Buffalo, which fs now near
Malta, en rout" Co Manila, in order
that he may send home a number of
m°n whose terms of enlistment have
expired.
DISPLAYING OLD GLORY
IN CHINESt WATERS
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Pap
tain C. L, Hooper of the revenue cut
ter McCulloch, in a letter to Captain
C. F. Shoemaker, chief of the revenue
cutter Bet vice, dated Hongkong, No
vember 21, indicates that Rear Admiral
Dewey desires to have the stars and
Ftripes known as well as possible in
Chinese waters. Captain Hooper says:
"The McCulloch sailed for Manila
November 16. and arrived at Hongkong
on the evening of the l^th, dropping
anchor In the lower bay until the follow-
In? morning. After cleaning ship we
came up and anchored in the upper har
bor, made official calls on our Consul
General, the Governor and British ad
miral. We coal to-morrow or next day
and go on.
"At the request of Admiral Dewey we
will stop in several Chinese ports. In
cluding Amoy and Shanghai. I intend
going up to Canton, but am not quire
sure of the water. The admiral asks
that we show the flag in as many ports
as possible.
"They gave us a erreat send off from
Manila. The admiral said many nice
things about the vessel, and was on
the quarter deck with his officers when
we came away. The entire crew was
lined up in each ship, and all the officers
on the Quarterdeck. After answering
each cheer our men gave three more for
the admiral, and we sailed away."
Captain Hooper, after discussing offi
cial matters with Chief Shoemaker,
proceeds :
"It will not be necessary to draw
sight drafts. The admiral, who never
does things by small parts, sent en
board $25,000 to pay up what Is due the
DEATHS AMONG THE
TROOPS AT MANILA
General Otis Reports Tfyat Disease
aod flccideots Are Yet Thin
ning tl^e Ran^s.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— The following cable message was re
ceived at the War Department to-day from General Otis, dated to-day
a. Manila:
Following deaths since last report:
.December 15— Frank N. Nouse, private. Company C. First Ne
braska, drowned in Paslg river; accident.
December 18 — Marvin W. Carleton, sergeant, Company E, Thir
teerth Minnesota, gunshot wound; accident.
December IS— Fred Taylor, private, Company L, First Nebraska,
typh»id fever.
I^cember 20— Frank C. Hayden, private. Company D. Fourteenth
Infartry. ulcer of stomach: Joe D. Wilson, private. Company L, Twen
ty-thA'l Infantry, smallpox; David I. Saunders, private, Company I,
First t'olorado, smallpox.
Nctember 29— 01e G. Hagberg, sergeant, Company D, First Idaho,
exhauiiion following typhoid fever, not previously reported.
The San Francisco Call
officers and crew from the navy for
November and December; also for coal
and incidentals."
Captain Hooper closes his letter with
suggestions relative to necessary re
pairs to his ship, and adds that he is
proud of the part taken by the revenue
cutter service in the war.
HOW CHRISTMAS WAS
OBSERVED AT MANILA
MANILA. Dec. 26— Christmas was
generally observed among the Ameri
cans here with special religious services
by the Protestants and Catholics alike.
The services for the Colorado and
Pennsylvania regiments were conduct
ed by Chaplain Harris of the former.
Father McKinnon preached a sermon to
the California regiment, though the
usual midnight mass was not held, as
the archbishop of Manila refused his
sanction. The city was crowded with
Filipinos, holiday-making.
RUSHING REGULARS
TO THE PHILIPPINES
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Dec. 2«.—Prepara
' tions for the departure of the Seven
teenth United States Infantry for the
l Philippines are being rushed forward
at Columbus post. An estimate sent to
the chief quartermaster shows that the
regiment will carry 300,000 pounds of
baggage. Lieutenant Clay has be«»n at>
s-ign^d to the reehment as captain.
Lieutenant French of the Twenty-fifth
Regiment. Fort Logan, will join the
Seventeenth here and other vacancies
in the roster of officers will be filled by
Lieutenant Hasbrough of the Four
teenth and Lieutenant Morse of the
Twenty-third Regiments, both of whom
are at Manila.
AGONCILLO LEAVES
FOR WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— Agoncillo,
special representative of Aguinaldo.
leader of the Philippine patriots, left
this city to-night f<->r Washington. In
Washington Agoncilln will wait the ar
rival of the three Filipinos who are en
route with additional Instructions from
Aguinaldo.
Since his arrival from Paris on Sat
urday evening Agoncillo has been al
most constantly in conference with visi
tors. Agoncillo said to-day that there
was no change in the situation and
probably would be none until after the
arrival of his fellow countrymen.
REV. CRANE CRITICIZES
THAT ATLANTA SPEECH
A Boston Preacher Who Has Unkind
Things to Say of the
Confederate Dead.
BOSTON. T>ec. 26— Rev. Charles A.
<~rane. pastor of the Saratoga-street M. E.
'"hurch, in a sermon this evening read
that part of President McKinley's At
lanta speech relative to the rare of the
craves of the Confederate soldiers. Mr.
Crane «aid:
"Th.- President grows sentimental to
the la?t degree concerning the rebel dead.
We have beheld the vision of reunited
■rhood, of buried hate. Cursed be
thr- hand that shall aid its resurrection.
But we are not yet to forget that the war
was fought for a righteous purpose. Both
may have be«»n equally sincere. But
one was eternally right and the other was
ally wrong. Th^ expiation was ter
rible. The crime was worse."
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
WILL THE LEGISLATURE BIND THE BARGAIN?
MME. PAULMIER GETS
OFF WITH A FINE
'■:- '"■.'. - >> ■ '-' .1
Acquitted on the Criminal Charge of
Having Wounded" M.
Olivier. -' ' [
Special Cable to The Call and th* New .York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett. ■ -.-■,.,-
PARIS, Dec. 26.— everybody expected,
Mme. Paulmier has , been - acquitted on
the criminal charge ; of having wounded
M. Olivier, Secretaire de Redaction of La
Lanterns, but condemned- to pay 15,000
francs damages on the civil charge of ma
terial injury sustained' by M. Olivier. !•
Mme. Paulmler touched the audience
deeply by her impassioned references to
her daughter, for whose sake she- had
taken the law into her own hands when
the abominable article appeared in La
Lanterne reflecting' on her honor.
As for the author, Henri Turot, he took
all the responsibility for the consequences
of his defamatory article upon himself,
and said he was going to try to seek to
forget his remorse by means of a long
exploring voyage.- . ■ •■
Maltress Jeanneney: for Olivier, Lom
bard, advocate-general, for ,the Govern
ment, and Danet for Mme. Paulmier. pre
sented their cases in a measured way, all
equally reproving M. Turot. as well as
Mme. Paulmier, but at the same time find
ing a sort of moral excuse for the latter.
The question . really was one of what
AGUINALDO'S CABINET QUITS
AND HIS CONGRESS ADJOURNS
And Now the Chief of the Filipino Insurgents Is
Trying to Overcome the Policy of Factions
Hostile to t\)e United States.
MANILA, Dec. 26. — The so-called congress of the revolutionary government of the Filipinos, which has
been in session for some time at Malolos, has been unexpectedly adjourned owing to the difficulty of forming
a constitution.
A cabinet of President Aguinaldo, appointed at Bacoor on July 15 last and named in the Bacoor procla
mation issuer! on that date, has resigned.
General Aguinaldo, who had been at Malolos, came from there to Malate, a suburb of Manila. Then he
visited Paterno, and now, it is reported, he has gone to Cavite Viejo. the old town of Cavite. Reliable- advices
say that while he was at Paterno he was indefatigable in his efforts to overcome the policy of the militant fac
tions, which is hostile to the Americans. It is probable that his influence will avail to avert trouble.
The Filipino Cabinet proclaimed at Bacoor on July 15 in conformity with a decree issued by the revolution
ary government on June 14 was made up of the following personnel: President of the Council of Ministers,
with the ad interim portfolio of Foreign Affairs. Marine and Commerce, General Emilio Aguinaldo y Famy;
Secretary of War and of Public Works, Senor Don Baldanoro Aguinaldo, nephew of General Aguinaldo; Secre
tary of the Interior, Senor Don Leandero Ibarra; Secretary of Agriculture, Senor Don^-Marianao Trias.
amount of damages ought to be imposed,
as in France a woman is sure of acquit
tal under such circumstances as tneee.
So nobody is surprised at the verdict.
IMPLICATED IN THE
CHILE ARSENAL FRAUDS
Enrique Willishaw, Head of a Val
paraiso Commercial House, Sent
to Prison.
VALPARAISO, Chile. Dec. 26.— Enrique
Willishaw, head of the commercial house
of Willishaw y Hermanos. who have been
purveyors to the navy for a score of
years," has been sent to prison in connec
tion with the arsenal frauds.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— A special cable
dispatch to the Herald from Valparaiso
announced on October 14 that great frauds
had been discovered in connection with
the naval arsenal and that the director
of the commissariat #f the Chilean navy
had committed suicide in consequence of
the discovery.
Churcn Damaged by Fire.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— The Episcopal
<"'hurch of the Ascension has be^n dam
aged to the extent of $20,000 by fire. The
edifice is widely known as Father Lara
hee's church. No other church in the
West has a more advanced ritual in the
services and furnishings. The fire started
from an overheated furnace.
PLOT EXPOSED BY
SEIZURE OF LETTERS
Military Conspiracy Said to Have
Been Uncovered by Paris
Police.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Chronicle says: It i 3 as
serted that the French police have seized
several bundles of letters, whose con
tents prove that a military plot is in
thorough working order.
The Paris correspondent of the Weekly
Sun of London telegraphed to his paper
on Sunday that he had knowledge of a
military coup planned for Wednesday,
though he gave no details of the plot.
The Paris correspondent of the Sunday
Special of London hinted at similar
knowledge, adding- that the Court of Cas
sation would give judgment against Drey
fus on Thursday, yielding to the Govern
ment's plea of state necessity.
SAFE-CRACKERS FOILED.
Bungling Work Prevents Two ilob-
beries at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 26.— Last night
two safes were attacked by burglars.
That in the Pioneer Box Factory, on the
river front, was partially blown open,
but so much powder was used that the in
ner doors were strained and bent, and
the operator could get no farther. He
then tried the safe in the club room of
Ros.s & Carroll, over the Bank Exchange
saloon, but did not use enough powder
and abandoned the safe, which contained
about $3500.
GOES TO PORTO RICO.
Bishop McLaren Accepts Important
Episcopal Church Work.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Bishop William E.
McLaren of the diocese of Chicago will
accept the mission ,to Porto Rico to inves
tigate the field there for the • promotion
of the Episcopal church interests, as del
egated to him by the Episcopal Confer
ence in Washington. He will start for
the new island possession some time be
fore the winter is over. He will not take
an auxiliary force with him, but when
he has thoroughly Investigated the condi
tions in Porto Rico he will probably re
turn to the United States immediately
and make a report upon his trip.
The new mission is? of importance to
the Episcopal churches, as the future pol
icy to be pursued in the Island will be
based upon the Bishop's report.
Opium Seized on a Train-
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.— Deputy Reve
nue Collectors R. A. Grpen and C. T. La
Grave captured $150 worth of contraband
opium to-day on a train just arrived from
Folsom. It "had been shipped to a China
man in San Francisco.
PECULIAR ROBBERY
OF AN OHIO BANK
Gold aod Currency Disappear in
Such) a Manner as to Cause
Officials to Be Suspected.
LIMA, Ohio. Dec. 28.— The American National Bank of this city
was robbed last night of $18,162. The money was taken from the big
vault. The robbery was perpetrated in a skillful manner, no damage
being done to the vault. The bank is located on the corner of Main
and High streets. The money stolen was in currency and gold. No
silver was taken. The robbery was discovered this morning by the
banks Janitor, who found the door of the vault open. A deposit of
$16,000, made on Saturday, was gone. The directors of the bank held
a meeting at once, at which an assessment was made to meet the
deficiency and other banks in the city offered assistance.
The manner of entrance to the bank by the robbers is a mystery,
as all windows are protected with heavy iron screens. The front
door was found locked this morning as usual. There was not the
slightest clew for detectives to work on.
There are many peculiar circumstances, and It Is hinted that of
ficials of the bank may be implicated In the robbery.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COLONEL BURNS
SUPPORTED BY
THE EXAMINER
Rumors of a "Secret
Agreement.
DEMOCRATS ARE ALL AT SEA
BAIT THAT IS BETCTG tTHED TO
CATCH VOTES.
Th« Republican Central Committee's
Booms Used as a Ih-agnet by the
Bailroad's Candidate for
Senator.
The coming election of a United
States Senator is still the engrossing
topic of conversation among politicians
of high and low degree, and the cam
paign of the several candidates for th«
position will be the feature of the holi
day week.
Now that the Examiner has espoused
the cause of Colonel Dan Burns and
the Lob Angeles Times has announced
itself in favor of U. S. Grant Jr., there
seems to be some small hope that the
decent people of the State will be per
mitted to have a voice in the matter,
and the chances of other and less mal
odorous candidates are brightening vis
ibly. The Times opposed the candidacy
of Henry T. Gage, with the result that
he was elected by a majority of 20,000
votes. The Examiner sought to secure
the election of James G. Maguire, with
the result that he wa.<* defeated.
The action of the Examiner in lend
ing Its support to D. M. Burns, whose
record as a citizen and an officeholder
is of the worst, and whose candidacy
is being promoted by all the power at
the command of the Southern Pacific
Company, is causing much comment
among Democrats as well as Republi
cans. Of the thirty-three Democrats
who are members of the coming- Leg
islature a number have expressed them
selves as being of the opinion that the
Examiner Is seeking to secure the elec
tion of the railroad's candidate for Sen
ator out of a spirit of revenge, engen
dered by the failure of the majority of
the people to comply with its demands
during the campaign. Others who are
not so charitable refer to the stories
that are going the rounds concerning
) ;V* nrvmtl of the -."secret" 'agreement**
between the paper and the railroad
company, by the terms of which the
corporation is to enjoy immunity from
the attacks by the paper during a per
iod covering two sessions of the Legis
lature and one general election. It is
said that the $8000 still due and payable
to the Examiner on account of its
former "secret agreement" with the
railroad company is to be paid up
without prejudice.
There is no means of knowing at the
present moment just how much truth
there is in these rumors of a secret
agreement, but there seems to be no
other way of making a plausible ex
planation of the Examiner's attitude.
Prior to the election the paper posed as
the enemy of the railroad corporation.
Scarcely a day passed that its columns
were not filled with attacks on the cor
poration and the men who were sup
posed to represent it politically. As
soon, however, as "W. F. Herrin, head
of the Southern Pacific Company's po
litical bureau, announced that Dan
Burns would receive the support of the
corporation which he represents in his
Senatorial candidacy, the Examiner
threw its oft repeated pledge to its
readers to the winds and lent its sup
port to Colonel Burns. The paper is
now looked upon as Colonel Burns'
mouthpiece. Such as it is, it is about
the only one that he has, for almost
the entire Republican press of Cali
fornia has denounced his candidacy as
a disgrace to the State and a menace
to the welfare of the people. The atti
tude of the Examiner in this respect is
in strong contrast to the position taken
by all of the other Democratic papers
of the State, for almost without ex
ception th«y join with the Republican
press in denouncing Burns' candidacy
and demanding that legislators of
whatever party or politics decline to
vote for him.
For the benefit of the people of the
State who are not in touch with the
kind of work that is being done in
Burns' behalf it may be well to state2
all of the claims that are being made
by his political touts. These men claim
that Burns has already sufficient votes
pledged to him to insure his election.
They say that he is sufficiently power
ful politically to get all of the "Repub
lican voto.« ho wants or needs when the
time comes for the taking of the vote
for United States Senator. In making
this assertion they say that Burns is
prepared to spend $175,000 to influence
voters in his behalf. A part of this
money, they say, has already been "put
out" where it will do the most good,
and that the balance will be forthcom
ing when it is needed.
There are scores of men, many of
them legislators, to whom Burns has,
through his lieutenants, promised po
litical jobs under the State in return
for their support of his candidacy. All
of these men have been made to be
lieve that Burns is in a position to "de
liver the goods," or, in other words,
that he has the power to dictate ap
pointments to the Governor-elect. To
carry out the illusion Burns has estab
lished his headquarters in the rooms of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee at the Palace Hotel, and because of
t his fact members of the Legislature
from the country are led to believe that
his candidacy has the moral and pos
sibly the active support of the State
organization. He uses the committee
rooms as a dragnet and every mem
ber of the Legislature who ventures to
enter is at once pounced upon by his
army of touts, whose business it ie to
■•" the unsuspecting one into the
presence of "The Man from Mexico."
ANONYMOUS LETTER
EPIDEMIC REVIVED
Prominent Citizens of San Anselruo
the Kecipients of Abusive
Missives.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 26.— The anonymous
letter epidemic, which led to the collision
between ex-Sheriff James Tunsted and E.
J. Mulverill of San Anselmo, has again
broken out In virulent form, and there
are several prominent citizens who are
after the author's scalp. Many schemes
have been laid to detect the man who Is
responsible for these cowardly attacks
on the reputation of leading citizens, but
fo far none have been productive of any
clew leading to his identity. Should he be
caught he will bo given short shrift. All
the letters bear date of December 23, and
were postmarked at 7 a. m., showing that
they must have heen dropped in the letter
box <>n the night preceding. The envelopes
are plain, as well as the paper, and there
is nothing to show from the missives
themselves where they originated,
One of these communications was sent
to a- leading attorney of the community.
In it a maiicious canard regarding his
connection with the late war, started by
political enemies, is revived. He Is ac
cused of sympathizing with ex-Sheriff
Tunsted, and is told that Mulverill him
self is a brave soldier, who has four bullet
wounds in one arm. A newspaper man
who gave the clash between Mulverill and
Tunsu-d publicity is accused of sordid
motives and informed that the reason the
story was not afterward denied waa that
a largo enough sum of money was not
forthcoming. Tn letters to others Tun-
Bted is referred to as a "coward" and a
"brute."
So virulent are these anonymous com
munications and bo many ugly stories are
revived that considerable excitement and
anger have been aroused. For certain rea
sons it is believed that at least one well
known citizen of this city is concerned in
their formulation. It is expected that
trouble of a serious nature may follow if I
the author be discovered. In fact, talk!
of tar'and feathers is common on the part
of the recipients.
INDIANS WANT GOLD
AS WELL AS LAND
Government Experiencing Difficulty
in Allotting Colville
Tracts.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Dec. 26.— The Gov
eminent has "run against a snag" in al- |
lotting lands in Beveralty on the Col- j
Villa Indian Reservation, peopled by 900 !
Indians. Indian Agent Anderson and Al- '
lotting Agent Harry Humphrey have been |
trying for some time to allot the lands,
but have met resistance, the Indians
- opposed to surveys and allot- ;
mentfi unless the Government pays tnem
for the land, as the Nez Perces and Cover
d'Alene3 were paid for theirs.
There are about 1.500,000 acres on the res
ervation. Thi- contention of the Govern
ment is that the Indians have no title to
It. The Government proposed to allot '
eighty acres to each Indian in severalty
and give thorn nothing more. The In- i
dians, led by Chief Aura Paghuin and i
Chief Bernard, demand that they be paid !
■ $I,D<X).QOQ. claiming this under the I
report or a commission wTileh examined
into the matter some time after the res
ervatlon was Bet apart by President
(Grant's proclamation in July, 1872.
A truce has been obtained on a promise I
that the two chiefs will be taken to Wash
ington this winter by Agent Anderson to
see the President. Under the truce sur
veys are proceeding. The Colville Reser
vation contains a number of thriving
mining towns, among them Republic,
where is located the famous Republic
mine. The north half of the reservation
was thrown open to mineral location In
July. 1896, and the south half in July of
this year.
SHOOTS TWO GIRLS TO
AVENGE HIS DEATH
Dying Youth Kills One and Wounds
a Second Daughter of
His Slayer.
KANSAS CITY. Mn.. Dec. 26.— A dis
patch to the Times from Texarkana,
Tex., says: Two persons were killed and
another seriously Injured to-day in a
ting affray near Youk, Ark., a town
■en mile? from here on the Texar
kana and Shreveport Railroad. Two men
iiaitifl McKnlght and Firquin quarreled
and fought over a wagon trade. fttcKnight
drew a revolver and fired at Fircjuin, but
shot wildly and fatally wounded White
Kastley, a young man who stood near.
Eaßtley died within a few minutes, hut
while he lasted ho drew a revolver and
shot into MeKniprht's house, killing an
18-year-old daughter of McKnlght and
seriously wounding a younger daughter.
McKniffht is under arrest.
Elegant
Austrian China
Green and gold border with
flower decoration. Attractive
shapes
Bread and Butter, Tea
and Cake Plates. Salad
Bowls, Fruit Saucers,
and everything that's new
Effective prices
Great America nimporfgTea Co.
66 1 Market, o?.?«well 703 Larlcin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 Third .«>t. 1819 Devlsadero St.
506KearnySt. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay,
2510 Mission St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashingtonSt. 131 San Pablo Aye.
•17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I333 Park St.
BAN Rafael— 3 St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue*
CARNIVAL OF
CRIME AT THE
CUBAN CAPITAL
Rioting Continues Un
checked.
DAY'S RECORD OF BLOODSHED
ONE MAN KILLED AND TWELVE
WOUNDED.
Colored Cubans Murderously Assault
a Spanish Merchant Who Be
fused to Shout "Viva
Cuba Libre."
HAVANA, Dec. 26.— Francisco Quintero,
a Spanish guerrilla, while walking along
Genios street to-day, was fired at from
the roof (if a house and seriously wound
ed. During the laat' twenty-four hours
one man has been killed and twelve have
been wounded in different parts of the
city, and eleven burglaries have been
committed. The city is in a state of un
rest. Three more wards of Havana were
evacuated to-day.
La Lucha says it can see no disloyalty
on the part of Spanish residents in Cuba
if they choose to hoist American and
Cuban flags, because Spain renounced the
Island without consulting the Spaniards.
Captain General Castellanos, after for
mally turning over the island to the
Americans on January 1, will leave for
Matanzas, where he will remain a fort
night, going thence to Cienfuegos.
A party of colored Cubans this morn
ing entered the wholesale grocery estab
lishment at 111 San J"ose street, owned
by the Spanish firm of Mestro & Mata,
and ordered Senor Mestro to kiss the
Cuban flag and to cry "Viva Cuba Libre."
He refused to obey, whereupon one of
the Cubans cut his head badly with a
machette.
CHRISTMAS DAY AT
SANTIAGO DE CUBA
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Dec. 26.—
Most of the Americans in Santiago cel
ebrated Christmas to-day, though hard
ly able to realize that this is Chfist
mastide season, in the midst of dis
comforts of summer weather. The pal
ace clerks presented General Wood
with a magnificent gold mounted tor
toise shell walking stick in a mahog
any case. The various regiments en
deavored to enjoy the season in Amer
ican fashion, while the Hist and the
hospital ship Bay State were gayly dec
orated.
As the result of the charges brought
by Lieutenant Colonel Henry Ray,
commanding at Guantanamo, against
chief of Gendarmes Valiente, General
Wood will appoint a commission to in
vestigate affairs in that district.
GREENE REPORTS ON
CUBAN CONDITIONS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Major Gen
eral Francis E. Greene, U. S. A., ac
companied by his aid, Lieutenant
Sohuyler Schiefferlin, Forty-seventh
New York Infantry, passed through
this city to-day on his way
from Havana to New York city. Gen
eral Greene paid a flying visit to the
War Department and spent about an
hour in consultation with Adjutant
MURDERER ROSSER'S FATHER DIES.
BRIDGEPORT, Ala., Dec. 26. — Walter Rosser Sr., father of the Tennes
see soldier who was recently acquitted for killing Henry Hildebrßnd at San
Francisco, is dead at his home in Stevenson, Ala. He had arrived with his
son the day before his death, which is said to have been caused by prlef
and exposure. He was division superintendent of the Nashville, Chatta
nooga and St. Louis Railroad.
W. If. r.osser was a native of England, where he was horn in 1523. Wh^n quite
a young man he came to America and noon became engaged in engineering. He
took part in many important constructive enterprises, both before and after the
Hexlcan War, for which he enlisted at New Orleans immediately after it broke'
out. When the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad was first projected hip ser- •
vices were sought, and he remained with the company in one capacity and etn
other until his death with the exception of the period between 1890 and 1894. His
services were of the highest value when the facilities and resources of the road
were taxed to their utmost by the demands of the military operations during the
Civil War. His energy and attention to his duties always commended him to the
rsteem of his superiors in the company, as his gentle nature and lovable disposi
tion and unswerving integrity won for him the respect and affection of all with
whom he came In contact.
Mr. Rosser was not a man of large means, as has been so frequently stated
and generally believed in this city. On the contrary, his worldly possessions con
sisted of a small farm near Stevenson, Alabama, where his family resided. His
only relatives in America besides his immediate family, which consisted of his
wife, son Walter and a daughter, are the children and grandchildren of his
brother, who came out to California many years ago and now reside in Sacra
mento and the adjoining counties, and of whose existence he was not aware until
the notice In the papers of his presence here attracted their attention to the
name and resulted in meeting and recognition of kinship.
In 1800 Mr. Rosser, who was then getting to be an old man, thought to retire
to the small farm which he had purchased with his savings and spend the rest
of his days in a more quiet pursuit than railroading. The enterprise was not a
success, however. He did not make as good a farmer as a railroad man, and
after four years' trial in which he expended his surplus savings he went back
to the old position of roadmaster, not expecting to give it up again until death
or old age forced him to do so.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
ACTORS IN AN ATROCIOUS
KANSAS MURDER CASE
The Youth Who filled H»s Father at Tope^a ir>
Order to Gain Insuraoce Money, and the
Young Woman Who Aided His
CoQViction.
WICHITA, Kan., Dec. 26.—Governor
elect Stanley states he will not sign
a warrant for the death of John H.
Collins, convicted Saturday evening of
the murder of his father. He does not
believe in capital punishment is the
reason given.
John Henry Collins, the convicted
man, was a student in the Kansas State
University and a licensed lay reader of
the leading Protestant Episcopal
Church of Topeka, The motive of the
crime was found in the youth's greed
for money which would come to him
upon the death of his father. The elder
Collins carried $26,000 life Insurance,
General Corbin in regard to the condi
tion of affairs in the Cuban capital. He
said that there would undoubtedly be
trouble in the maintenance of order
pending the transfer of control of af
farvE from the Spanish Government to
tho tJniied States military authorities,
but he did not anticipate that it would
reach proportions beyond the control
of the American forces.
According to his representations, th^
feeling between the Spaniards and
Cubans is intensely bitter, a serious
rupture between the two factions now
being averted only by the presence of
American troops and the knowledge
that the American military authorities
are determined to preserve order by
the prompt exercise of force in case of
necessity.
General Greene has large private In
terests in New York State, and to-day
gave notice to the adjutant general of
his desire to be relieved of further mil
itary service, in view of the practical
conclusion of peace between Spain ami
the United States. He expected to re
turn here Wednesday for further con
sultation with the authorities in regard
to the conditions and military necessi
ties in Cuba. If perfectly agreeable to
the President, he will tender his resig
nation from the army.
CRUISER CINCINNATI
NOT BADLY DAMAGED
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— 1t was an
nounced at the Navy Department to
day that the cruiser Cincinnati would
remain at Havana until after January
1 and take part In the ceremonies at
tending the Spanish evacuation of Cu
ban territory, at the conclusion of
which the vessel will go to New York.
Latest reports indicate that the Cin
cinnati sustained no material damage
by running aground in the harbor of
Santiago several days ago.
A telegram was received saying that
the collier Vigilant had arrived at Ma
nila with her cargo on fire, but giving
no details.
Commodore Cromwell, commander of
the new naval station at Havana, has
notified the Navy Department that he
has hoisted his flag on the auxiliary
cruiser Resolute, which has Just ar
rived at that port. That vessel will
remain at Havana as a station ship.
Other naval movements were report
ed as follows: The tank steamer
Arethus has arrived at Havana with a
full supply of fresh water. The col
lier Sterling arrived at Montevideo yes
terday, and the Sptmish prizes Sando
val and Alvarado have arrived at Nor
folk.
Word was received at the War De
partment that the hospital ship Bay
fitate, which arrived yesterday at San
tiago de Cuba, has proceeded to Kings
ton. There is a board of medical offi
cers on the ship, who are to inspect
the methods adopted by the British
army for the care and subsistence of
troops in the tropics.
BODIES OF SOLDIERS
TO BE DISINTERRED
Dead of Camp Wikoff Will Be Re-
moved to a Military
Cemetery.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2fi.— Arrangements
were completed to-day for disinterring the
bodies of the soldiers who were burled
In the improvised cemetery at Camp
WikoTf, Long IsLand. Lieutenant William
F. Chase of the Sixth Artillery will super
vise the work. Forty coffins were shipped
to-day to Montauk. It was at first
thought the bodies would be removed to
the National Cemetery at Washington,
but they will be buried in the military
grounds In Cypress Hill, in East New
York.
At the head of .each grave at Montauk
Point was placed a bottle in which was
sealed a piece of paper, with the name
rank, company, regiment and all partic
ulars concerning the dead. By this means
there will be no trouble in identifying the
bodies.
Death of a Veteran Editor.
WHEELING, W. Va., Dec. 26.— Colonel
Philip Henry Moore died to-day of paraly
sis. He was the edttor and owner of the
Ohio Valley Manufacturer. When the
Civil War opened he cast his fortunes with i
the Confodemt army and rose to the rank \
of lieutenant-rulonel in the engineer corps, i
In isr.9 he established the Wheeling Daily I
Union.
To Cur« a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drug-plat* refund the money If It falls to cure.
Isc. The genuine baa I* B. Q. on each tablet.
and it was provided that of this amount
$6500 should go to the son.
The young student was enamored of
Miss Frances Babcock of Lawrence,
whose family is considered wealthy,
and the trial developed the fact that
Collins had lived beyond his allowance
at Lawrence; that he had contracted
numerous bills at the university town
which he could not pay, and that he
had planned to Join the Babcocks when
they went to spend the summer at an
Atlantic coast resort. Miss Babcock
was among the witnesses for the State,
and told of the wild stories which Col
lins had related to her about the threat
ened assassination of his father.
GIVE THE TAGALLO
HIS INDEPENDENCE
This Is the Advice of
Merritt.
FAVORS A NATIVE REPUBLIC
MILITARY GOVERNMENT BEST
FOR THE PRESENT.
Captor of Manila Pleased at the In
crease of the Standing Army to
One Hundred Thousand
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Major General
Wesley Merritt, retiring Military Gov
ernor of the Philippines, accompanied
by his bride, formerly Miss Laura Wil
liams, and his chief aid, Major Strother,
has arrived in this city from New York.
General and Mrs. Merritt will remain
at the residence of Norman Williams.
Mtb. Merritt's father, until after the
holidays, when they will return to New
York City, where the general will again
resume his position as commander of
the Department of the East, which he
left to go to Manila. In regard to the
inhabitants of the Philippine Islands.
General Merritt said:
"The best we can do is to give them
a good military government, give them
what civilians are necessary to admin
ister the civil functions of government,
and when they are ready to form a gov
ernment of their own give them our
blessing and let them do so."
When asked what he thought of the
proposed increase of the starring army
to .100,000 men the general declared he
had always believed such Increase was
necessary.
"We need a standing army of at least
73,000 men here in the United States," he
declared. "Now that we have acauired
these new territories we shall need a
few more. But, in my belief, 25,000
men are ample and sufficient for all
possible emergencies in Cuba. Porto
Rico and the Philippines together. The
rest are needed in the United States for
garrison duty. If a larger force is
wanted in the Philippines it can easily
be had from among the natives."
General Merritt continued: "By offi
cering the native soldiers with Ameri
cans a most effective army for duty in
the islands can be quickly formed. In
time, perhaps, it would come to resem
ble the British army in India, where
the greater part of the men are natives.
The Filipinos are anxious to enlist in
such service, and they could be made
into effective soldiers."
General Merrltt was careful not to
vouchsafe any opinion as to what Con
gress might do or as to what he had
learned of its action during his short
stay in Washington. He declared, how
ever, that he would assume his former
post as commanding general of the De
partment of the East.
Proposed Duel Abandoned.
BUDAPEST, Dec. 26.— Owing to the
failure of the seconds to agree upon con
ditions it has been decided to abandon
the proposed duel between Baron Banff y,
the Hungarian Premier, and Deputy He
ransky of the opposition In the Lower
House of the Hungarian Parliament, who,
in the course of last Friday's debate upon
the Government's policy, called the Pre
mier an impostor, cheat and traitor.
CHRISTIAN
BROTHERS ARE
DISCIPLINED
Crisis in Affairs of
Teaching Order.
AN APPEAL TO THE POPE
THIS AROUSES THE WRATH OF
CHIEFS IN PARIS.
Heads of Colleges Called to Paris for
Punishment, While Members of
the Order in This Country-
Are Not Overlooked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— A ffrave crisis
has arisen here in the affairs of the
teaching order known as the Christian
Brothers. members of -which have
charg-e of many of the parochial schools
of the Catholic churches throughout
this country.
The difficulty arose over a funda
mental rule of the order set down by its
founder, John Baptist de la Salle, that
brothers should confine themselves to
teaching elementary subjects to chil
dren of the poor. They were forbidden
to include classics in the curriculum for
fear that they should be so doing
wander away from the object he had in
establishing: the order.
The heads of colleges and the order
here did not think that this French
idea was for the best interests of the
Brothers in the United States, and they
drew up an appeal to the Pope. This
document will be presented for them
by Bishop Thomas S. Byrne of Nash
ville, Term., who sailed last week to
pay an official visit to the Vatican.
The movement of the Brothers in the
United States greatly incensed the gen
eral of the order and his counsellors in
Paris, especially the appeal over their
heads to Rome. Four of -the Brother
visitors and several heads of colleges
here were summoned to Paris, where a !
consultation was held. It is now learned !
that they have been severely discip
lined. The director of a house in Balti
more was ordered to a house in the
interior of France. Brother Felix, head
of the college in St. Louis, Mo., was
sent to an obscure school at Birming
ham, England. Brother Paulian of St.
Louis was kept in retreat in Paris.
Others of the American branch of the
order are expecting similar punishment.
As may be supposed the bishops of
the United States do not intend to
tamely submit to the interference of
Paris officials with the educational
problems of this country. They seri
ously resent the contention that the>
have no jurisdiction to direct and con
trol the teaching orders in the schools
here. Their course at Rome will con
sequently be watched with special in
terest for the very important bearing it
will have on the future of many of the
successful Catholic colleges in large
cities.
If the decision is against the Ameri
can Brothers, and the old rule of the
order hs enforced, it is expected that
many of them will leave its ra^nks and
enter seminaries to study for the priest
hood.
Archbishop Ireland during 1 his coming
trip to Europe will spend some time in i
France, where he is engaged to deliver
one of the chief addresses at the Joan
of Arc celebration. His good offices
may be asked to straighten out the
tangle. ____________
RUSSIA TO SUBMIT A
PLAN FOR DISARMAMENT
Convention Suggested by the Czar
Will Be Held in St. Petersburg
in May.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says: The con
ference based upon the disarmament pro
posal of Emperor Nicholas has been fixed
for St. Petersburg 1 about the beginning of
May next, prior to which the Russian
Government will submit officially to the
powers a definite plan of disarmament, in
order to enable them to formulate modi
fications or counter-suggestions.
Will Embark for Cuba.
MACON, Ga.. Dec. 26.— General Bates,
In command of the First Division, First
Army Corps, arrived last night from
Washington, and with his staff and some
forty men of the Second Ohio Regiment
and the Second Engineers left to-day for
Charleston, where they will embark on
the transport Minnewaska for Cuba.
MANDOLINS
...AND...
GUITARS
$2.sQup
SOLE AGENTS CELEBRATED MARTIN INBT'B.
CLARK WISE & CO.
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
SPECIAL SALE PIANOS THIS WEEK,
/gettSL CHRONIC
M^Wi Nasal Catarrh
, VSv'feJrtf Kh'JIJ P° lB ° na every breath drawn
JtoifTiir* Wki?«? i '# •' lnto tne lungs. Don't nes- 1
t \*ct CHRONIC
Nasal Catarrh
poisons every breath drawn
Into the lungs. Don't neg-
lect it. There is a remedy
* «N^# for this trouble. It ie
Vj^c<*^f Ely's Cream Balm.-.
' Jkrolw^V It relieves immediately
W>\ the painful ; inflammation,
ttaaaßßmammßtMrn cleanses, heals and cures.
Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and' is absorbed. -Relief is
immediate and 'a cure follows. It >is not drying
—does not. produce sneezing. Large, 50c; Trial
Size, 10c; at Druggists or by. mail. '■■"■'
ELY BROTHERS, 56 "Warren St., New York.
YOUR NERVES
ARE ALL OVER YOUR BODY,
'When you have a nervous twitching , of th«
mouth' and of the nasal passages it is these
nerves which you see here represented that are
disordered. These nerves originate in the
brain and are distributed to the tongue, nose
and lips. Sometimes they are the very nerves
that tell a tale of decay. These are the nerves
that begin to twitch before the other nerves
show any sign of loss of power. Sooner or
later, however, those who exhaust the vital
forces of life by overwork, over-exertion or
abuse will discover the inroads created by
these exhausting debilitated . losses, and will
i note the nerves of the face, of the mouth and
of the eye to twitch. When you begin to note
these disorders It is time to use. the grand
remedy treatment of the old Hudsonian doc-
tors. "lIUDYAN" is the name of the remark-
able discovery- It ha.« been used by men In
every little town, every little village, every lit-
tle hamlet on the Pacitic Coast. It has "been
used by married meti and single mert. and it
has been praised by all alike. "HTJDTAN"
cures spermatorrhoea, failing strength, disor-
ders and disabilities of man. If you want to
be cured consult the Hudson doctors or writs
for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS. -
TAINTED BLOOD First, secondary or
tertiary form of Blood
TAINTED BLOOD Poison cured with the
■ - -. 30-Day Cure.
30-DAY CURE Consult the Hudson
Doctors free or write for
30-DAY CURE — 30-Day Core Circulars.
Consult the .Hudson' Doctors Free. Write
for Circulars -and' 1 - Testimonials Free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
junction Stockton, Market ana Ellis streets,
!•. San Francisco, Col.
Q <J> <£ 4K -*> ■ .*> ■«■ ••■ ■•■ £ 9 4- * <«> <*■ <$> <$> ■$> ©
f * IT IS WATERPROOF. ' ®
\T fHE WELCOME RAIN IS BRING- *
&■ ■ I ing joy to thousands of families, <>
6, but yet it li.ay prove very serious to a.
' any lady who attempts to shop or go v
**" out with broken shoes or thin soles. <£
a We have a specially made shoe for wet a,
weather. Ladies" finest quality box
*& calf, lace, new coin toes and tips, "3>
<»> double soles and extension, edges. Very a
neat and tidy. -Strictly up ■ to date.
<*" Special price $2. All widths and sizes. ♦
<$> ,Very easy on the feet.
<$> CROCHET SLIPPERS, Red, Blue, Ptuk, &
*. Black or Brown: • " ;
** ■ Children's sizes. 8 to 10% hi* TBc **
<^ .Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 000 A.
, Ladies' sizes, t% to 7 fI.OO I
w . "Men's. sizes, 6to 11. 1.25 ♦
WzLj*^^ t
'■ Men's Embroidered Slippers, '
either Opera or Everett styles, > <J>
a from 750 upward A
Gentlemen's Black or Brown Vlci "
<** Kid Romeo?, turned soles, re- ■ <$>
<*, duced t0..:...... ;...-. .SI.SO A
Jf Ladles' Stylish Fur-trimmed Felt ■
*«* Juliets, flannel-lined, coin. Toes, . • <$>
<s> colors red, brown or black 91.00 A
X .Same as above, quilted .... 1.50
"$ Ladies' Dongola Kid. Fur- <>
<«,. ■• trimmed Juliets, Coin Toes .. 1.50 a
_; Ladles' Fancy Plaid or Quilted T
<«> Fur-trimmed Juliets 1.50 <*
<*, Our new illustrated catalogue just out a
jT Send for one. ■ ...... . -i™
<5> Country orders solicited. Address A
J B. KATCHINSKI, f
Z. Philadelphia Shoe Co.. %
■? 1O Third St.. San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE .^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL SWITZERLAND, ON THH
81st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 30
Cash in company's office i 41 63
Cash in banks ......*: ..■;. 117,616 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 3,516 65
Premiums in due course of collection 73,133 80
Total assets $843,677 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid...:....... $5,733 51
Losses in process of adjustment or >-'i:'--
in suspense 17,007 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,303 95
Gross I premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $305,750 28;- '■
reinsurance 50 per cent :...; 152,87114
Gross premiums on fire i risks run-
ning more than one year, $50,761 13;
reinsurance pro rata 30,663 74
Due and accrued for salaries, rents, •
etc . IS 81
All other demands against the com-
pany • ' 89,037 8*
Total liabilities... $251,580 81
INCOME.
Net cash . actually received for . flr«
premiums :.. $348,941 »•
Received for Interest and dividends
- on bonds, stocks, loans and from
"air other sources ti.Tii 81
Total Income $368,783 79
; EXPENDITURES. ••
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- *
eluding $15,702 64, losses of previous
years) -•••• •-•••• . $99,62] a
Paid or anowed for commission or
brokerage 82,39719
Paid for salaries, fees and - other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 2.625 0)
Paid for State, national and local .
taxes •••; •• 4,9-S 15
All other payments and expendi-
tures 14, 04 28
Total expenditures $203564 11
. Fre. "
Losses incurred during the year...... $12.2 63 77
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Pretiium».
Net amount of risks writ- ■ . i
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $-56,581 IS
Net amount of risks ex- ■
pired during the year.. $1,500,088 . 418,371 1»
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897 36,055.649 856,51140
V ' ELIJAH R. KENNI
; Of Weed & Remedy, V.
United States 4«.nager«.
Subscribed and sworn to before n« this 234
day of February, 1898. -■'-• - " I '
.' ':. .';:?'. F. FISHBF.CK, Nota* Public
SYZ Sc CO.,
.•; General Agents, . ;.
■ 301 California Street. >
BAN FRANCISCO. |SANTA ROSA'S
GATES OPEN TO
THE TEACHERS
Notable Gathering of
Educators.
STATE INSTITUTE MEETS.
CITIZEN'S PROVIDE SPLENDID
ENTERTAINMENT.
Babbi Jacob Voorsanger Delivers
Lecture Upon "Educational
Cranks, Past and Present, ' to
a Large Audience,
SreciaJ Dispatch to Th« Call.
PANTA ROSA, Dec. 26.— The City of
Roses has thrown its hospitable doors
•wide open to the teachers of the county
and of the State, almost a thousand of
Men Who Participated in the Reception to and the Delib
erations of the Teachers at Santa Rosa.
whom have gathered for the two an
nual conventions for which the present
week has been set aside.
The programme for the week is an
elaborate one. The session of the State
Teachers' Association ■will be held in
the mornings from 9 to 12 o'clock in the
Athenaeum, the city's largest auditor
ium. Each afternoon "round table"
Fusions will be held in the several
churches and meeting places of the
city. At the same time the annual in
stitute of the teachers of Sonoma Coun
ty v ill be held daily in the Fifth-street
Methodist Episcopal Church South.
Many events of a social nature have
been arranged for the entertainment of
the visitors.
This afternoon the convention of the
California Council of Education was
called to order in the Athenaeum by
the Hon. Charles T. Meredith, State Su
perintendent of Public Instruction, in
the presence of a large concourse of
people. The report of the general com
mittee on "A Uniform Course of Study"
■was received and discussed at length,
the better part of the afternoon being
taken up by the discussion.
The Council of Education is composed
of the following prominent educators
of the State: Hon. Charles T. Meredith,
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, chairman: Superintendent J. W.
McClymonds, Oakland, secretary; Pro
fessor George H. Howison, Berkeley;
Professor Fernando Sanford, Palo Alto;
P. M. Fisher, Oakland; J. W. Linscott,
Santa Cruz; Professor Irving String
ham, Berkeley; Miss Lucy M. Wash
burn, San Jose; James A. Barr, Stock
ton; Washington Wilson, Berkeley;
James A. Foshay, Los Angeles; Pro
fessor O. P. Jenkins, Palo Alto; T. L.
DUEL TO THE DEATH
WITH POCKET-KNIVES
Seventy-Year-Old Combatant Killed and the
Man With Whom He Fought
Seriously Wounded.
OROVILLE, Dec. 26.— A fatal duel with pocket knives took place
yefcerday at Mooretown, twenty-two miles from Oroville, between
Th/imas J. Grubbs and Harry Roberts. Roberts was nearly 70 years
old Grubbs about 40. They had been enemies for some time, and on
election day they came near having trouble.
Yesterday at the home of William Anks the two came together,
and ifter a few words both drew po-ket knives and a fatal fight fol
lowel Grubbs was stabbed in the neck and in the face, and bled cop
iouslA while Roberts was stabbed in several places and was dead
when\he two men were pulled apart.
FREIGHT AND PASSENGER TRAINS IN A HEAD-ON COLLISION NEAR SACRAMENTO.
Heaton, Berkeley; Dr. E. E. Brown,
Berkeley; Robert Furlong, San Rafael;
R. H. Webster, San Francisco.
This morning at 11 o'clock at the
Fifth-street M. E. Church South the
Sonoma County Teachers' Institute was
called to order by County Superinten
dent Carl H. Nielsen, who, after de
livering his annual address, proceeded
with the roll call and the organization
of the session. AH the teachers of the
county were in attendance.
The principal feature of the educa
tional council this afternoon was the
report of the committee on "Uniform
Course of Study." The formal report
was read by Dr. Elmer Brown, profes
sor of pedagogy- of the University of
California. It recommended that the
State adopt a uniform course for all
schools in the State and suggested the
lines along which the work" be under
taken. Papers as follows were read
upon the subject, outlining the work
more in detail: "Some Principles of
Selection Underlying a Course of Study
in Literature for Public Schools," Miss
Agnes Crary,, Los Angeles State Nor
mal, read by Miss Beck; " Mathematics,"
Irving M. Stringham, University of
California; "History." Mrs. R. V. Win
terburn, secretary of the California
Association of History Teachers;
"Manual Training," James A. Addicott,
San Jose State Normal, read by Miss
Washburn.
To-night at the Athenaeum an au
dience of 200 people heard the address
of Rev. Dr. Voorsanger of Temple
Emanu-El, San Francisco, upon "Edu
cational Cranks, Past and Present."
The lecture was a masterly effort and
was given close attention.
The headquarters of the State ex
ecutive committee has been established
at the Occidental Hotel, corner of
Fourth and B streets, where secre
taries will be in constant attendance
during the week. The local executive
committee has established headquar
ters at the Grand Hotel, corner of Third
and Main streets, where all teachers
upon arriving will be taken to be as
signed accommodations.
On Tuesday evening the citizens of
Santa Rosa will tender the visiting
teachers an elaborate reception at the
new High School building on Humboldt
street. The affair will be under the aus
pices of the city ministerial union. On
Thursday evening the reception of the
Alumni Association of the State normal
schools will be held. Society Hall, in
the Athenaeum, has been elaborately
decorated for U6e as the headquarters
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAXL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27« 1898.
of the visitors and instuctors present
from a distance.
The officers of the State association
are: C. W. Childs, president, San Jose;
Mrs. Mary Prag. vice president, San
Francisco; H. C. Petray, vice president,
Livermore: Mrs. ML M. Fitzgerald, sec
retary, 1627 Fnlsom street, San Fran
cisco; F. K. Barthel. assistant secre
tary, San Jose; Frank F. Bunker, rail
road secretary. Santa Rosa; C. W.
Mark, treasurer, 3722 Twentieth street,
San Francisco.
The local arrangements have been In
the hands of the following committee:
Superintendent Carl H. Nielsen, chair-
man; Frank F. Bunker, secretary; Miss
Jessie R. Smith, Miss Carrie Hood, Miss
Juanita Conley, E. M. Cox, W. C. Rob
erts. D. E. Martin.
BIG FERRY-BOAT SOLANO
GETS LOST IN A FOG
EEXICIA, Dec. 26.— The ferry-fcoat Solano, -with train 11 aboard, due here at 8:55, started out hla morning from
Port Costa in a very heavy fog to make the slip on the Benicia side. The captain lost his bearings and the boat
was one hour in the straits, finally finding her way back to Port Costa. Another start was made and the boat
finally reached this side. During the time the boat was on the bay she in some manner turned around, and
the train was taken off the boat with the engine in the rear. After considerable switching the train started for ,
Sacramento at 10:25. - - ,
TRAINS COLLIDE
IN A DENSE FOG
Meeting of Freight and
Passenger.
DISASTER NEAR SACRAMENTO
CONDUCTOR - NAT IBWIN'S FOOT
CRUSHED.
Engineers and Firemen Leap for
Their Lives and the Passengers
Escape With a
Shaking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.— 1n the
dense fog -which hung over the valley
this morning there was a head-en col
lision between two trains at Webster,
a point between Davisville and Sacra
mento. Had it not been that one of the
trains was moving along slowly there
would have been great loss of life, but
as it was only the conductor of one of
the trains received injuries, although
the engineers and firemen of both trains
were obliged to leap for their lives.
The Oroville local train, due here at
8 o'clock, was scheduled to meet a west
bound freight train at Webster switch
at 7:35 o'clock. The passenger train
kept the main track, while the freight
was expected to take the siding. The
fog was so dense, however, that the
engineer could not see a dozen feet
ahead of the pilot. He was moving his
train along at the rate of twenty miles
an hour when he passed the switch
without knowing it. After he had
safely passed it, however, he realized
his blunder, and he immediately re
versed his engine and threw on the
brakes. The fog had deposited a thick
mist on the rails, and the train refused
to come to a standstill, even with the
reversal of the engine and the applica
tion of the airbrakes. While seeking
to stop his locomotive the engineer was
horrified at the sudden appearance of
a locomotive headlight directly in front
of him and bearing down upon him.
He could not make out the outlines of
the approaching locomotive, but he
knew that a frightful death awaited
him and his fireman if they remained at
their posts, and both jumped from the
box into the Jungle of tules that bor
ders the track. The same instinct
moved the engineer and fireman of the
passenger train to do likewise.
The locomotives came together with
tremendous force, wrecking them and
throwing the passengers violently from
their seats. A door of one of the pas
senger coaches was torn from its
hinges. Conductor Nat Irwln of the
SHOT BY A MAN HE
SOUGHT TO ARREST
Montague Constable Is Mortally Wounded
While Serving a Warrant Upon
an Editor.
YREKA, Dec. 26.— E. H. Ellsworth, formerly editor
of the Siskiyou News, shot E. E. Dixon, the constable of
Montague, and fatally wounded him to-day. Dixon was
reading a warrant for Ellsworth's arrest on a charge of
criminal libel preferred by Justice of the Peace E. W.
Howell because of an article which appeared in the Sis
kiyou News two weeks ago. Ellsworth was arrested by
Sheriff Hobbs and is now in jail. Dixon cannot live.
INHABITANTS
OF CUBA TO BE
DULY WARNED
Proclamation From the American
Commissioners as to
Evacuation.
Enedal Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Dec. 26.— The American
evacuation commissioners will to-mor
row issue the following proclamation to
the inhabitants of the island of Cuba:
The undersigned. Commissioners on the
part of the United States, having been
invested with power by the President to
arrange for and execute the evacuation
of Cuba and adjacent islands, also taking
over the public property of Spain, have
entered into an agreement with the Com
missioners on the part of Spain for the
final ceremonies and regulations to be
observed and carried out on the Ist
day of January and thereafter until all
Spanish troops have embarked for re
patriation, and thft same is published for
the guidance of the inhabitants outside
of the Santiago district.
The undersigned desire in this public
manner to press and enjoin upon all the
le of the island the necessity tot
strict compliance with the terms of this
agreement to the end that public order
and due respect for the gravity of the oc
casion may prevail, and especially to ad
monish all classes of people to exercise
self-restraint and moderation and to re
frain from giving cause of offense or ir
ritation and from the exhibition of ex
citement or undue manifestations of feel
ing or from doing any act calculated to
produce irritation or bad feeling.
passenger train suffered a severe in-
Jury, his foot being crushed. There
were no other casualties, and the
wreck was cleared after a few hours.
MIDNIGHT COMBAT
WITH THREE ROBBERS
Tacoma Policeman Wounded and One
of the Desperadoes Fatally-
Shot.
TACOMA, Dec. 26.— Policeman Brown
was wounded and an unknown robber
probably fatally shot in a desperate af
fray between three masked robbers, a
policeman and saloon-keeper at mid
night last night. The three desperadoes
burst open Peter Pepe's saloon door at
South Twelfth and X streets.calling to him
to throw up his hands. Without further
warning they began firing at him. Pepe
seized his revolver from a shelf and re-
Patrolman Brown heard the shooting
and rushed to the scene. About a dozen
shots were exchanged before an unknown
robber was dropped with a bullet through
his chest and Patrolman Brown was
wounded in the chin. The other two men
ran out and disappeared. Pepe declares
that as one of them left the door he fired
at him and the man cried out as though
he had been shot.
It is generally believed the men are a
part of the gang that has been partici
pating in the frequent hold-ups which
have occurred recently. The wounded
highwayman is at the hospital In a dy
ing condition and unable to talk. He is
known, however, to be James Garretty
of San Francisco. He has been in Ta
coma about three weeks.
Cargo of Lime Afire.
ASTORIA, Dec. 26.— The steamer Lack
me for Puget Sound, put into Astoria this
morning with her cargo of lime afire. An
attempt Is being made to smother the fire
with steam.
The Sixth Will Not Parade.
STOCKTON, Dec. 26.— Inquiry was re-
For nearly four months this commis
sion and other officials of the United
States have been under the protection of
the Spanish authority. The representa
tives of Spain have extended to us the
most scrupulous courtesy and considera
tion, and not one unpleasant incident has
marred our sojourn in their midst, and
now that our positions are soon to be
reversed and they are to become our
guests and entitled to our protection, we
must see to it that they enjoy the same
immunity and consideration. Apart from
the general propriety of such a course,
the interests of all classes — Cubans. Span
iards and Americans — will be thereby sub
served.
Acting under a sense of duty to the peo
ple and to our Government, we give no
tice that any violation of the terms and
provisions of this agreement will be re
sented and offenders brought promptly
to justice. Representing all classes and
Interests, we shall be governed by the
strictest impartiality with the sole pur
pose of promoting the rehabiliation and
pacification of Cuba. The preservation of
peace, the security to persons and prop
erty, and the establishment and mainte
nance of government with just laws im
partially administered are indispensable
to the welfare and happiness of the peo
ple. We, therefore, confidently invoke the
aid and co-operation of the inhabitants in
accomplishing these ends.
cdved here from Sacramento to-day as
to whether the old SixtM Regiment would
accept an Invitation to parade at the
capital city on the occasion of the inaug
uration of Governor-elect Gage. Colonel
Johnson says the men are in no condition
to go. Comparatively few of them reside
in Stockton. When they were discharged
they took with them the uniforms they
had on, but these uniforms are their own
property. The State has no uniforms
here.
CHRISTMAS BRAWL
ENDS IN A KILLING
One Man Shot to Death and Another
Seriously Wounded Near An
gels Camp.
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 26.— The Barlcilo
mine, three miles from Sheep Ranch, was
the scene of a lively gun fight last night.
As a result a jnan named Nelson Is dead,
and Thomas Martin is seriously wound
ed and in a precarious condition.
The Baricilo mine is not at present in
operation, and Nelson a cook at the
boarding house, has been in charge. He
had invited several friends to partake of
his Christmas dinner, among- them being
Tom Martin and William Fair. As the
dinner progressed the party grew more
and more hilarious, and the more con
servative ones quietly left the scene of
festivities, one at a time, until Fair and
Martin were alone in the boarding house
with Nelson. Nothing more is known of
the progress of .he brawl, which cul
minated in the death of Nelson and the
wounding of Martin.
At an early hour this morning Martin
was found in a semi-conscious condition,
with bullet wounds in his left groin, right
thigh and left ankle. After a brief search
the body of Nelson was found in a chair
in the boarding house, cold in death, with
a loaded revolver lying on the floor by his
side.
KILLED BY A BULLET
FROM A PARLOR RIFLE
Stray Bullet Ends the Life of a Six-
Year-Old Sacramento
Child.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.— Grover Buck
man, a six-year-old boy. was killed by a
bullet from a parlor rifle this afternoon.
A number of boys, who were playing in
the neighborhood of the Buckman home
at 1731 Third street, had taken the parlor
rifle out to shoot birds. About an hour
previous, by way of diversion, the boys
cad shot a Chinaman through the leg.
It was while the boys were shooting In
that neighborhood that Grover Buckman
fell deadupon the porch of his home. No
■hot was heard at the moment of hl3 fall,
but when his mother came in response to
a cry from the little fellow's brother
she round that her boy was dead, the
bullet having passed in at one eye and
out at the base of the brain.
The police have arrested two boys, who
acknowledge the shooting of the Chinese,
but deny all knowledge of Buckman'a
death.
SAGASTA'S CONDITION
IS MORE SERIOUS
Members of the Spanish Cabinet
Fear the Premier Will Not
Recover.
MADRID, Dec. 26.— The condition of
Prime Minister Sagasta, who is suffering
from bronchial pneumonia, is announced
this morning to be more serious.
Although the latest bulletin regarding
Senor Sagasta's condition, whicn was is
sued this evening, says that he passed a
quiet day and that the fever has dimin
ished, it is feared by some members of
the Cabinet tnat he will not recover. A
rumor Is in circulation to-night that his
respiration Is much more difficult.
m
Attempts to Commit Murder.
SUISUN, Dec. 26.— A man named Po-
morado was arrested here to-day charged
with assault to commit murder. Last
night Pomorado had some words with
James French, an old resident of Sulsun.
Pomcrado drew a pistol and flred at
French.
Suicide of an Old Soldier.
SANTA MONICA. Dee. 26.— John Hogan,
an Inmate of the Soldiers' Home, cut his
throat from \ ear to ear last night and
died shortly after. The Coroner is hold
ing an Inquest. -: ; LI tU» ii known of him
here* ... " - "- - - . --_ i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lES£M|Th|| II Of all the
K?j£|jff| I ill II bereaveir.enta
H •j.^JSajlj II which are possi-
I sgjJJHi *Li.Y?=-- a^' c to a hocie. the
I 111 ?iil//«^^7l los 5. of a child is
111 |I|l.LJ^ fljt|P er . ha P s the most
I disappointing,
K^§ ? if*^ : r^^* a and tfa e hardest
rßrjtt&iLrF^H* to beaT. During
iP^'^^N^nJ fj t he heated <*pell
• &^^( s/?^*}*--. in the summer in
ißi^l / '^5-A II New York City as
i-Jl\-£j/ /kr^-2/ 1 man as a thou-
wafr \^if sSSS Q ?and babies have
j/, I V» iK^ n died in a week.
(//I I \VJ(iI Of course, in a
\7J J ■ ijYll crowded city,
lrfef_/i 87 If I with its nnsani-
VSgi lll ar'll districts,
JE>Srfl' f I / many of these .
C&>^l3*' s^ ** deaths would
~~ ""* ~ have occurred
any way. The
fact remains that this tremendous mortality
was to a great extent due to the lack of
inherent resisting: power in the victims.
These babies when bom had in their bodies
the seeds of disease. The deadly heated
term only shortened the period of their
Buffering.
If a woman wishes her babies to be
healthy and strong and able to resist the
usual ailments of childhood, she must take
proper care of herself in a womanly way
during the period of gestation. A woman
who suffers from weakness and disease of
the organs distinctly feminine is unfitted
forwifehood and motherhood. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is a wonderful med-
icine for ailing women. It acts directly on
the delicate and important organs con-
cerned. It makes them well and strong.
It allays inflammation, heals ulceration,
soothes pain, stops exhausting drains and
gives rest and tone to the tortured nerves.
Thousands of women have testified to its
almost miraculous merits. Many of them
have permitted their names, addresses,
experiences and photographs to be repro-
duced in Dr. Pierce s Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser. This great book used to sell
for $1.50, now it is absolutely free. It tells
all about the home-treatment of ordinary
diseases. It contains 100S pages, and over
300 illustrations. Several chapters are de-
. voted to the diseases of women. For a pa-
per-covered copy send 21 one-cent stamps,
to cover cost of mailing only, to the
I World's Dispensary Medical Association,
; Buffalo, N. Y. ; Cloth binding, 10 cents
I extra. "Favorite Prescription" can be
obtained in any good medicine store.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Ink Habit, Xenrousneaa and Melancholy caused
by strong drlnli.
WE UFARAXTEE FOFK BOXES
to care any case with a positive wrlttrn gnar-
ant«»«' or refund tne money, and to destroy tii»
appetite for Intraicatlnc liquor;.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTQniIC nE3|Ui/ ran »«'«s*!«iprv. Poverty
OlilUnD UnlnK and Death. Upon receipt
of JIO.CO tre wii: mall you four [4] bo?es and posl- >
Ove written ennr»ntri< *<> cure or refund I
S GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole A«ta..
214 Kearcy it., San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Scottish Union ana National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON THB
31st day o£ December. A. D. 1537. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $191,587 Si
Loans on bonds and mortgages MS2.6SO &
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,730,375 61
Amount of Iran, secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral S.BOO 04
Cash in company's office 1.366 St
Cash in banks 414.583 57
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 13,749 61
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 23,133 83
Premiums in due course of collection 271.237 93
— — — — —
Total assets $4.066, 45T 46
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $&.Ss4 23
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 229.332 48
Losses resisted, including: expenses.. 17,641 67
Gross premiums on flre risks run- - : >,■■,■-
ning one year or less, $1.5.51.671 S6;
reinsurance 50 per cent 900,535 91
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,735.-
1 420 08: reinsurance pro rata 938,233 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 23,433 tH
Total liabilities J2.145,363 2*
'■■: /; KfCOME.
Net cash actually received for fir«
premiums $2,334,554 81
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages : 76.714 84
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 57,493 84
Received for rents 5,053 0»
Total Income $2,493,515 51
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $291,545 03, losses of pre-
vious years) - $1,241,188 83
Paid or allowed for commission or *
brokerage 511,087 93
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, eto 107.198 29
Paid for State, national and local i
taxes ••• 67,792 3*
All other payments and expendl- :
ture B • 131.042 S3-
Total expenditures $2,048,510 27*
. Flre. .-.-.■■';
Losses Incurred during the year $1,197.946 95
Risks and Premiums. .Fire Risks. Premiums,:
Net amount of risks writ- 1
ten during the year.... $336,538,923 $3, 201. 41
Net amount of risks ex- '
pired during the year.. l 161.257 { 2.893.850 8$
Net amount in force De- ;
cember 31. 1537.. ........ 1 406.060.811 8,557.091 81
~ ~~Z MARTIN BENNETT.
United States Manager.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of January, 1898. •
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public ;.
R. C. MEDCRAFT,
GENERAL AGENT,
319 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL. :
JoTzaniiid.
A Table Water of exceptional purity
and excellence.— London Lancet. ; !
q vwt DR. JORDAN'S <*•»«
Ji Museum of Anatomy
IHBi 106Il£ABXI?ST.Hteta*7tk > S.rCtii
iti'B T&s l»rf««t«»ltf tie World. j
I %a.l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Iffw CoiuolutUa tnt. Writ* fcr !>«*
V t I t Philosophy of Marrlagt.
if •&■ Mama run,
34
TUESDAY DECEMBER 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
AMUStMbNT*
California— "Magda."
Columbia— Minstrel Jubilee.
Alcazar— "A Midnight Bell.**
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco'i— "The White Squadron.**
• -urn— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Romance of Coon Hollow."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — Corner Mason and Eddy street*. Specialties,
Oakland Race Track— Races.
Metropolitan Hall— Rosenthal Piano Recital, Tuesday even-
ing, January 3. _^___^___^_
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Wednesday, December S3, at 11
o'clock. Horses, Buggies, etc., at 327 Sixth street.
EXPRESS COMPANY EXTORTION.
BY reports that come to us from the East it is
made evident that the campaign of the Mer
chants' Association of New York against the
extortions of the express companies is going vigor
ously on. A large array of statistics has been pub
lished showing the extent to which the people of that
city are robbed by the combined companies, who, in
defiance of the law, have organized something like a
trust, though it is called by another name.
A recent statement gives an interesting demonstra
tion of the way the express companies make their
charges appear small white being really very large.
From this it appears that about 40 per cent of the ex
press rates goes to the railroads and the balance is
kept by the express companies for terminal charges —
that is, for the collection and delivery of parcels. On
jmall packages for short distances the rates are seem
ingly low, but for long distances the charges are in
creased to such an extent as to make extraordinary
profits for the extortioners. The following table
of rates on packages of 100 pounds from New York
City to various points illustrates the working of the
icheme:
Railroad Express Co.
gets for gets for
transportation, two cartages.
To Tonkers $ 20 $ 30
To Albany 24 36
To Utlca 40 60
To Buffalo 50 75
To Cleveland 70 1 05
To Fort Wayne 90 1 35
To Danville, 111 1 10 1 65
To Jacksonville, 111.. 130 195
To Galesburg 1 40 2 10
To Quincy, 111 2 25
To St. Joseph, M 0.... 180 270
To Lincoln, Neb 2 00 3 00
To Denver, Colo 3 40 5 10
To Salt Lake, Utah.. 420 630
To Sacramento, Cal. 580 870
To San Francisco... 5 80 8 70
While these figures were collected primarily to show
the extortion in New York, they are interesting to the
whole country, for other cities are as badly cinched as
the metropolis. It is of course no more expensive to
collect a package in New York for delivery in San
Francisco than one for delivery in Yonkers, and yet
the charge in the one case is only 30 cents, while for
delivery in this city the charge is $8 70 above the
amount paid to the railroads for transportation.
It must be borne in mind that these extortionate
companies, after forming a league for the purpose of
fleecing the public, have had the meanness to shirk
their share of the war tax and shift it upon the mer
chants and other shippers. It was this last act that
roused the Merchants' Association in New York to
indignation and started the campaign which promises
to end in the overthrow of the league.
The campaign thus energetically undertaken and
supported with such abundant evidence of extortion
is one that should be cordially supported throughout
the Union. San Francisco has more reason than New
York to make a fight against the wrong, for no ex
press company has been more rapacious or more dis
loyal and dishonest in shifting its taxes than that
which operates in this city under the direction of the
holy sniveler who makes such an ostentatious parade
of piety.
POSTAL SAVINGS BANKS.
NO feature of the report of the Ha.vaiian Com
missioners has given rise to more discussion
than the proposed abolition of the savings bank
system in the islands and the closing up of the institu
tion by making repayments of deposits as soon as
practicable.
Postal savings banks have been in operation in
Hawaii ever since 18S6, and, as in every other
country where fairly tried, they have proven
successful and greatly beneficial to the peo
ple. It is stated that the deposits in
these banks at the present time amount to some
thing over $1,000,000, which is about $10 per capita to
the population. The working classes in the islands
have profited by the existence of the banks, and
through them considerable sums of money, which
would otherwise have been hoarded, have been placed
at the disposal of trade and industry.
The proposal to abolish them is due to the fact that
we have no postal bank system in this country, and
the Commissioners deem it advisable to make the
postal system of Hawaii harmonize with our own.
Commenting upon this argument the St. Paul
Pioneer-Pre^s says:
"What necessity there is for enforcing harmony or
uniformity in the case is not strikingly evident.
There are a great many points of administration yet
to be discovered, as our governmental relations with
our new dependencies shall take form, which cannot
and ought not yet awhile to be made uniform with
what we are accustomed to in the States. Further
more, if uniformity in the conduct of postal matters
is desired, Hawaii is in this instance distinctly in
advance of the United States, and it would be far
better to at once devise a postal savings bank system
for the nation, and all its dependencies, than to set
Hawaii back in the scale of progress in order to bring
her postal system down to the present lower level of
our own."
With the view taken by the Pioneer-Press most
sti dents of the subject will agree. There has long
been an agitation in this country in favor of estab
lishing postal savings banks, and several Postmasters-
General have recommended them. In fact, a bill to
provide for their establishment was before Congress
at its last session, and the subject may be taken up as
soon as "the new Congress assembles.
Under the circumstances it would seem to be hardly
worth while to close out the banks in Hawaii. The
system is serving a good purpose there, and even if
we do not adopt a similar system of our own within
the next few years it would still be no more than right
to leave the Hawaiians in the enjoyment of the bene
fits to which they have been accustomed for the last
twelve years.
THE NEED OF A CURRENCY SESSION.
IT is believed that unless an extra session of the
Fifty-sixth Congress is held next spring for cur
rency legislation there will be no such legislation
at the regular session, nor a possibility of it there
after.
In this situation it is necessary to examine the con
ditions which exist and judge whether it is wise that
the Republican party omit and avoid the first oppor
tunity it has had to affirm and accentuate its position
as a sound money party. The opposition to an extra
session declares, broadly, that there is no need of
financial reform, that a protective tariff only is re
quired to protect the treasury against depletion by
redemption of greenbacks, and that as long as we
have such a tariff specie payments will not be im
periled.
This view is not in accord with an experience so
recent that all men should remember it.
President Harrison was inaugurated March 4, 1889. j
That day there was a balance in the treasury of I
$330,348,916. Of this there was in free gold, exclusive
of the $100,000,000 reserve and redemption fund, $196,
689,614. A protective tariff was passed in 1890 — the
McKinley bill, which has been justly regarded as a j
model measure. That tariff afforded all the protec- j
tiun to the treasury that can be expected of the exist
ing Dingley bill, and equally safeguarded specie pay- j
ments. But, at the close of the Harrison administra- !
tion the cash balance in the treasury had fallen to
$162,450,577, including the gold reserve for greenback
redemption. In the last three months of that ad
ministration $36,500,000 in gold was withdrawn from :
the treasury by the presentation of greenbacks for re- j
demption. It is history that during those three \
months preparations had been made by Mr. Foster, J
Secretary of the Treasury, to issue bonds to replenish
the gold reserve and safeguard specie payments, as it
is history that his successor was compelled to carry !
out this policy during the administration that fol- j
lowed.
The last report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows a deficit for the last fiscal year of $38,047,247,
and for the present fiscal year of $112,000,000, making
a total deficit for the first half of this administration i
of $150,047,247.
The same report estimates a deficit for the fiscal
year of 1900 of $30,048,378, or a total deficit for three
years of $180,095,625.
Last June the free gold in the treasury had fallen
to $163,474,057, or $33,215,557 less than at the begin
ning of the Harrison administration. Thereafter the
free gold was replenished, not by the protective tariff,
but by the sale of war bonds, and reached its highest
point October, 1898, when it stood at $245,063,795, but
that exceeded the balance left by the first Cleveland
administration by only $48,374,181, and that balance
was the proceeds of revenue, and not of bond sales.
We think that a study of these figures will convince
any reasonable man that the treasury stands as naked
to a financial storm as ever, and that it is not pro
tected at all by the existing tariff, as it was not by
the McKinley bill. In fact,, neither the troubles of
the treasury nor their cures originate in the tariff.
Those troubles ebb and flow regardless of a tariff.
Their efficient cure is to be sought in financial and
currency legislation which will take off the treasury
I forever its burden as a redemption agency, and by
1 cutting the endless chain which can empty it at any
I time, as it did during the Harrison and the last Cleve
land administrations.
THE JURISPRUDENCE OF FRANCE.
IN the Dreyfus affair the point which has elicited
the greatest surprise in this country has been the
readiness with which a portion at least of the
French public have accepted the condemnation of the
young officer as justifiable, even though there may
be doubt of his guilt To Americans who are accus
tomed to regard with horror the mere suggestion that
an innocent person may be in danger of punishment,
and the whole theory of whose jurisprudence is
founded upon the maxim, "Better that ten guilty men
should escape than that a single innocent one should
suffer," this condition of the French public mind is
little less than marvelous.
Yet it is not a difficult matter to understand when
one studies the French character. Justice is not the
basis of French law, for the reason that a high sense
of justice does not prevail among the people. Con
victions are in France usually the result of opinions
or prejudices entertained by the Judges of the guilt
of accused persons. Rules of evidence for ascertain
ing the truth, and laws forbidding the condemnation
of men of whose guilt there is doubt, as we under
stand them, are practically unknown in France. Dur
ing the Dreyfus excitement, it will be remembered,
the officials who prosecuted the alleged culprit fre
quently assured the public that in their opinion he
was guilty. An absence of proof was acknowledged,
but there were certain "secret" documents upon which
the Government had predicated its opinion, but
which it could not publish.
The idea thus put forward was that the people
should be satisfied when given solemn assurance of
somebody's implicit belief in the guilt of Dreyfus. The
absurdity of convicting a man by this method may be
illustrated by supposing an American case. Imagine
tor a moment that the War Investigating Board, re
cently in session at Washington should have brought
in a report that General Miles was responsible for
the blunders of the Cuban campaign, and without any
other than a secret inquiry should have condemned
him to banishment for life. Of course the country
would have been convulsed. But suppose, while the
people were expressing their indignation and the
newspapers roaring their disapproval, President Mc-
Kinley had written a card solemnly assuring the pub
lic of his belief in Miles' guilt! How would that have
affected his reputation for sanity?
Things like the Dreyfus affair are possible only
in countries where there is an absence of the stern
sense of justice which makes the law%io respecter of
persons in Anglo-Saxon nations. Dreyfus was made
a scapegoat for what his persecutors considered jus
tifiable reasons. His Judges thought him guilty, and
that was enough. It was Voltaire who said that the
courts of France were unfit to administer justice be
cause they were governed by prejudice and were with
out responsibility. The Dreyfus affair proves that
the condition which existed in France in his time
still exists. The greatest necessity of France is an
entire reform in its jurisprudence, the stripping of its
Judges of much of their authority, and the abolition of
military trials except in time of war, and then only
for strictly military offenses.
Doubtless the death of the senior Rosscr was di
rectly due to the career of the son. There is a possi
bility that the young man may yet receive a measure
of the punishment the court refused to inflict.
Whether or not Hobson was kissed from the At
lantic to the Pacific, there will be thousands of women
who will claim in after years to know by personal ex
perience that he was.
Germany will vainly seek the friendship of this
country while she continues to heap contumely upon
the American hog.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
EXPANSION AND TY\E CONSTITUTION.
THE Examiner of yesterday contained a signed
editorial in favor of expansion, the black lines
and raised letters of which stretched across a
page. These eccentrical splurges of a young man
who seems to have lost whatever brains he ever pos
sessed are nothing but solidified noise. Of course
every American of ordinary intelligence and reading
knows that neither Thomas Jefferson nor any other
great American statesman ever wrote or uttered a
word that could be even projected into the toleration
of the extension of our institutions over Asiatic terri
tory or Asiatic populations or outside of this conti-
I nent and immediately adjacent islands. Mr.
Jefferson was quite conscious that the ac
quisition of Louisiana, including the indis
pensable outlet of the Mississippi, was not
warranted by the constitution, and so averse was he
to a departure from the fundamental law that he sug-
I gested an amendment to cover that exceptional case.
| Though Texas was a most desirable part of this con
tinent, and in every respect eligible to statehood, its
annexation by joint resolution has been condemned
|by all our great constitutional expounders, who re-
I membered how the English Revolution originated in
, John Hampden's refusal to pay a small illegal tax,
and that our independence resulted from resistance to
v. preamble. When the Northwestern Territory was
ceded to the United States the cession was on con
ditions, having the legal force of a solemn compact,
that it should be held under and not without the con
stitution, and that all the rights enumerated in the
Declaration of Independence should be inviolably
maintained, and that it should be carved into States,
on the exact footing of the original thirteen.
These conditions were subsequently inserted in
every ratified treaty under which territory was incor
porated into the Union. In Abraham Lincoln's first
Inaugural Address he dwelt on the proposition that
"all members of Congress swear their support to the
whole constitution." In July, 1861, Congress declared
that the object of the Civil War was "to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the constitution of the
United States." February 19, 1862, President Lin
coln recommended the reading of Washington's Fare
well Address at all places throughout the Union.
Under concurrent resolutions passed by Congress
about the same date, extracts from that Address were
read at every military post and at the head of every
regiment and corps of the army. These extracts de
clared the immutability of the constitution, except as
it might be amended in conformity with its own
terms. July 15, 1863, Mr. Lincoln again declared the
preservation of the constitution to be the central
point in the mighty conflict then raging. On De
cember 5, 1865, President Johnson in his Annual
Message said: "The constitution is the work of the
people of the United States, and it should be as in
destructible as the people." No President has deliv
ered a message which was not based on the necessity
of keeping strictly within the express and implied !
powers granted by the people to the Federal Gov
ernment, and in all the official business of the nation
and of the various States, and in the decisions of the
courts, from Justices of the Peace up to the Supreme
Court of the United States, the limitations of the con
stitution are observed and enforced day by day. In
fact, without the constitutions, State and Federal, the j
United States would cease to exist.
Every naturalized citizen of the United States is
compelled to swear that "he will support the consti
tution." The general form of oath to be taken by per
sons in the civil, military or naval sen-ice is "to sup
port and defend the constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic," and to
"bear true faith and allegiance to the same." Fifty
six articles of the Revised Statutes of the United
States are "provisions common to all of the Terri
tories." Fourteen articles, applicable to "all per
sons" in every State and Territory, secure to them ab
solute equality of rights, which are specifically enum
erated, and expressly abolish peonage and all con
tract service of that character. These laws were
framed in pursuance of and under the constitution.
It is this constitution, absolutely binding, expressly
and inferentially, upon every citizen of the United
States, which, in the interest of dishonest and
treasonable speculators, it is deliberately proposed to
violate in the acquisition and government of the Phil
ippines. It is this constitution, framed, interpreted
and applied for more than a century and constituting
the Government itself, against which the young man
of the Examiner lifts his puny arm, and to escape
from which he prints falsehoods and fake suggestions
in relation to Thomas Jefferson. It is this constitu
tion that General Merritt declares we have "out
grown." It is this constitution that Julian Hawthorne
derides when he asserts: "It is time to cut loose from
the apron-strings of Jefferson, Washington and the
rest of that giant conclave." Hearst has called men
like Hoar '"old grannies." We now learn that the
Fathers of the Republic wore aprons, to which their
masculine successors can no longer be tied.
It would seem that these treasonable utterances are
in themselves convincing evidences of the liberality
of the institutions under which they are tolerated.
Fortunately, they do not represent the people, who,
as Mr. Cleveland has observed, are ultimately gov
erned by their sober second thought." The time has
not yet arrived for the transplantation of Caesarism to
American soil. The American Eagle will not flour
ish in the torrid region of the Philippines. The
American flag will only be permanently hoisted
where the constitution blazes through its stars and
traitors writhe under its stripes. •
There is to be a new Grand Jury, and it ought to
devote itself to patient study of some of the juries
which have preceded. Unless these, now fading as
they are into oblivion, can be snatched back long
enough to serve as horrible examples, then does their
existence represent absolute waste.
A court-martial to decide whether Miles knows
what he is talking about, and, if so, why Eagan is
permitted to hold a job, could do no harm and would
afford one of the gentlemen concerned a satisfaction
so great that the country could freely share it.
Mrs. Botkin's plans for spending New Year' 3 at
Healdsburg show her at least to be a person whose
serenity is of a brand hard to ruffle. Still, stranger
things than the carrying out of the project happen
right along.
Many inmates of local jails fared better Christmas
than many who never so conducted themselves as to
know what the interior of a jail looks like. The
moral of this is deliberately suppressed.
With Don Carlos threatening to assail Spain and
Weyler threatening to save it, that country is in a
worse way than could have been brought about by a
mere foreign war.
Lillian Russell announces that her heart has turned
to stone, which is probably an intimation that the
next suitor for it is going to get a marble article.
It would seem that by selecting detached excerpts
from the writings of Jefferson almost any theory of
government can be sustained. But it can't
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. L. Kellogg of Lincoln Is at the Grand.
C. C. Van Linn of Los Angeles is at the
Lick.
William S. Pond of Portland is at the
Grand.
E. H. Warner of Colfax is at the Oc
cidental.
Lorin Farr, ex-Mayor of Ogden, is at
the Lick.
J. D. Carr of Salinas is a guest at the
Occidental.
F. H. Kennedy of Stockton is at the
Occidental.
J. C. Pierson of Dayton is registered at
the Palace.
George H. Lamb is among the guests at
the Palace.
D. Mugdan of Hamburg, Germany, is at
the Palace.
J. A. Plummer of Stockton is registered
at the Lick.
L. E. Doon of Los Angeles is registered
at the Grand.
J. B. Peakes of Santa Cruz is registered
at the Palace.
A. E. Nash and wife of Boston are stay
ing at the Palace.
Ivan de Mal
chin of St. Pe
tersburg, who
claims the mount
e d broadsword
championship of
the world, Is in
the city. He is
IVAN DE MALCHIN
TO TIGHT
LOUIB TEONCHET.
staying at the Russ. Malchin is here for
the purpose of metting Louis Tronchet of
the Olympic Club in a boardsword con
test. Tronchet has at last agreed to meet
the doughty Russian, and the two men
will fight in about three weks. Just as
soon as certain details of the contest are
arranged.
Malchln said yesterday In speaking of
the coming fight: "I have been here
three different times for the purpose of
fighting Tronchet, but wo never could
agree on terms. At last, however, the
Frenchman has consented to meet me
and we will fight. I claim the champion
ship of the world by the right of my vic
tory over Captain Jennings at Seattle,
April 20, 1898. I have never been defeat
ed, but several times the referee has de
cided against me for some unintentional
foul on my part. I shall go to work im
mediately and train my horse. This I
can do by the time of the fight."
Machlin is one of the most expert
broadsword fighters in the world and
Tronchet is also a master of the science,
so that a hotly contested argument may
be looked fcr.
Judge John E. Davis of Jackson Is stay
ing at the Palace.
R. J. Northam and -wife of Los Angeles
are at the Palace.
Mrs. C. B. Smith of Honolulu Is a guest
at the Occidental.
Charles F. Price, from Kentucky, Is a
guest at the Palce.
B. A Ogden, a miner from Sonora. Is
staying at the Grand.
F. Christianer, who is In advance of
Sousa, is at the Palace.
Attorney Carl E. Lindsay of Santa
Cruz is a guest at the Grand.
E. Rich and S. Dixon of Sydney, Aus
tralia, are guests at the Palace.
A. H. Birrell of Portland and John Bir
rell of Dundee, Scotland, are at the Occi
dental.
Alexander Brown of Milton, the recent
ly elected member of the State Board of
Equalization, is staying at the Lick.
Attorney George A. Sturtevant, who is
one of the assistants in the office of At
torney General Ford, is at the Lick.
EXIT THE CANNIBAL.
Oh, the blithe and eager cannibal has seen
his brightest days;
They are fading out forever in Old Glory's
coming rays.
And the happy missionary will not dread
the fatal broth,
As lie drops that ragout feeling which
was common to the cloth.
Oh, no more the paunchy savage will set
up his steaming pot,
Out of which the fragrant parson will be
forked or ladled not;
And no more will grinning henchmen
squat beside the chief while he
With nice discrimination hands around
the late D. D.
For the Yankee's swep the ocean, and the
polishers of bones
In the Philippines and Sandwiches and
far away Ladrones,
Must resign their meatly diet and come
down to plainer things,
For there'll be no more man eating 'neath
the eagle's sheltering wings.
—Cleveland Plaindealer.
A QUAINT CORNER IN BOSTON.
Nothing but sheer modesty prevents
Trinity Court from being- one of the show
places of Boston. It ts as far from the
usual commonplace habitat as this side
of the Atlantic knows anything about,
and the wonder is its construction is not
imitated in other cities where "apart
ment" houses abound, for it is both quaint
and convenient. One must enjoy the pic
turesque corners in European cities to
appreciate this little court, surrounded by
halls that might have stepped over from
some Tudor mansion, so English is their
architecture, but which, be it said, is
adapted to ease-loving American ideas.
The Tudors would simply be the wonders
if they could see what comfort we mod
erns demand for our every-day living.
Hut there is nothing like combining the
past with the present styles. It makes a
charming association of ideas. In the
afternoon, when the western sun is shin
ing under that arch and the early English
iron ornaments and gateway are silhouet
ted ngainst the light, it must be a very
indifferent observer who does not admire
the effect or have it recall some foreign
neighborhood 3000 miles at least from
Dartmouth street. And it should be added
that Trinltyt Court has the advantage in
point of cleanliness to any place, however
historic or picturesque, abroad. It is so
swept and garnished, and the little Iron
balconies, with their gardening vines and
potted plants, are so unlike story book
decorations that there can be no mistake
that this is really typical American order.
The clocks vis-a-vis on the towers are
purely Bostonese. It Is fancied they think
themselves the Gog and Magog of this
city, and while they are voiceless they
keep up a devil of a thinking about what
goes on around them. The flight of time
is a serious matter with these two big
dials; but watch them as you may, one
never gets ahead of the other. They are
twins with but one single thought and
hands that beat as one.— Boston Herald.
SALE OF HORSEFLESH IN PARIS.
The annual statistics published by the
French Ministry of Agriculture indicate
that the consumption of the flesh of
horses, mules and uonkeys is steadily in
creasing in Paris. The number of stalls
at which it is offered for sale now reaches
193. The number of horses brought to the
shambles for slaughter was 21,667, of
mules 52 and of donkeys 310, but 734
horses, a mule and 7 donkeys were con
demned as unfit for human food, so that
the total killed and consumed was 20,933
horses, 51 mules and 303 donkeys. The
prime cuts fetches about a franc a pound
some of the inferior parts making little
more than 10 cents per pound. — London
Times.
.■m ■ .
PENNY BATE PROPOSED FOB
CABLEGRAMS.
Henniker Heaton, who Is now visiting
his constituents at Canterbury, states
that his next effort will be to establish
perfect electrical communication between
every part of the empire. "At present,"
he says, "it costs half a guinea a word to
telegraph to some parts of the world, but
I think that people who are in constant
communication with each other are less
likely to quarrel than those kept in sav
age isolation. You would hardly believe
that out of every 110 messages received
from Australia by telegraph only one is
of a social or family character, while
from India there is only one out of 300.
I believe th.it a penny-a-word electrical
telegraph system would be so utilized
that it would draw the peoples of the
British empire still closer together. Im
perial communication never will be per
fect until we can telegraph to the an
tipodes as cheaply aa we can telegraph
between London and Kent. Bear In mind
this great fact, that during the last fif
teen years a quarter of a million of peo
ple have annually left this country for
various parts of the empire and "America,
and it is of the highest possible impor
tance to make communication between
these people and their friends In the old
country as easy as speech, and as free
as air, and thus retain their loyalty to
the country of their birth."— London
Standard.
SCISSORED FUN.
Green— The teams used to drive on our
golf grounds and nearly ruined them, so
we put up that sign, "No driving on these
links."
Redd— But, dear boy, I thought driving
was part of the game!— Yonkers States
man.
"When my wife starts in to give me a
lecture, I just tell her to keep quiet, I do."
"And does she?"
"Say, look here, you are getting alto
gether too inquisitive!"— lndianapolis
Journal.
"Didn't you miss your horse?" asked the
"Oh, yes, replied the Rough Rider, "but
then we had five Western Mayors in our
troop."— Philadelphia North American.
"I feel a little dull to-day," said the
carving knife. , . ,
"And I'm tired of this perpetual grind
myself," remarked the whetstone.' —Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
"What's that you're reading so hard,
Mr. Cashier?" , ,
"Oh, merely improving myself, sir; it s
Smile's 'Self Help.' " .. , ,
"H'm. You can draw your month s sal
ary and leave at once, Mr. Cashier. \Ne
want no one in charge of the cash who
has corrupted his mind with such perni
cious literature. 'Self Help, indeed. —
Pick Me Up.
"Is your husband a man with much
imagination?" . . .
"I didn't think so before he married me,
but since I have heard the reasons he
gives for not coming home to supper and
for staying at the club until nearly day
light I've changed my mind. —Chicago
Post.
Annoyed Father— Late to breakfast
again! I'm going to have Solomon s prov
erb about the ant and the sluggard
framed and hung up at the foot of your
Educated Son— lndeed, sir, I think If
that presuming fossil had had a trans
parent insight into his own multitudinous
shortcomings and glaring discrepancies
he would have been more wary in trans
mitting his savage advice to a cultivated
posterity like us.— Life.
"I'm ready," shouted the speaker, "to
meet calmly any emergency that may
arise." „ .
At this moment the platform collapsed
and the speaker exhibited great pertur
bation. , ...
"How about that one?" they asked him
a "That one did not arise."— lndianapolis
Journal.
"Bixbv is the most rabid antl-annexa
tionlst I ever met"
"How is that?" " _, ..
"His wife had 'floating Islands' the
other night for dessert and he wouldn t
touch 'em."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mudge— l was Just reading about how
the hoVse was passing.
Yabsley— Well? *„.-,.
Mudge— l wish some or the horses I bet
on would pass something.— lndianapolis
Journal.
. — .
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY AT SEA.
Obviously, the chief ihterest to us at
taching to Signor Marconi's invention is
the question of its applicablity to vessels
at sea. Can they be enabled to tele
graph to other vessels or to the shore;
and if so, can they do so under circum
stances of certainty and utility? It goes
without saying that Signor Marconi him
self, together with his board of directors
—principally sanguine Irishmen— has ev
ery faith in the applicability of the in
vention to all sorts and conditions of
things. Mr. Freece. the Government tel
egraphic expert, has pronounced upon its
feasibility under certain conditions. Still,
sensational as have been the results ef
fected, we prefer to keep an open mind
as to the fitness of the system to meet
the requirements of shipping.
The first noteworthy practical test of
the invention in matters nautical was at
the Kingstown regatta, in July last, when j
the details of a yacht race were sue- ;
cessfully wired as they transpired. Since
then experiments have also been made at
Bournemouth and at Alum Bay in the
Isle of Wight. These two stations are
eighteen miles apart, and the electrical :
communication between them is said to
be perfect. Lord Kelvin visited the Alum
Bay station and sent messages—w e pre
sume to Bournemouth, whence they were
transmitted by ordinary land wires. A\ c
believe, too, that the Cansbrooke Castle, j
on her first voyage, was signaled by the i
new system from Bournemouth. Exper- |
Imenta made in the Bristol Channel were i
successful, as were others in which a |
transmitting apparatus was fitted on a
tug Further, an installation put up for
"Lloyd's " between Rathlin Island and
Bully Castle, is said to work satisfac-
Thus it would appear that the Invention
Is applicable in the case of outlying sta
tions, from which passing vessels may
be signaled. We understand that the elec
trical pulsations or vibrations can pass
through any condition of atmosphere—
i c., their transmission is altogether in
dependent of wind, hail, rain, snow or
fog From this it has been suggested that
the system will enable vessels overtaken
by thick weather in a crowded waterway
to signal their course and helm move
ments to craft in their vicinity. But
against this contention there are very
obvious objections. In the' first place, as
we understand the matter, the receipt of
a message— that is, supposing, of course,
that the two vessels concerned were duly
fitted with transmitting and receiving ap
paratus—would afford no evidence what
ever as to the point from which it had
been dispatched. The waves or impulse
travel, we take it, through space, and like
all other forces emanating from a point,
will diminish in intensity with distance
from that center. Thus, their radiation
would of necessity prevent the receiving
vessel from forming a conclusion as to
the exact location of the producing
source.
So far we think that wireless telegraphy
has demonstrated that its chief possibility
of utility lies in the direction of its adapt
ability to outlying lightships and light
houses, enabling them to signal to a re
ceiving station on shore the passing of
vessels and other messages. Thus, the
system may solve the vexed question of
electrical communication between light
ship and shore. If it does this it will con
fer an undoubted boon on the maritime
community.— Syren and Shipping.
Are We a Military Nation?
A military nation, strictly speaking, Is
one that fosters, encourages and main
tains at all hazards a strong and ever
ready military force to which every
peaceful interest of the citizen is sub
ordinated. Of course we are not that. On
the contrary, so far as the State itself
is concerned, it has manifested little, if
any, tendency in the direction of military
purpose or ambition. Therefore, it goes
without saying that we are not a mili
tary nation in the general accepted inter
pretation of that term. But a military
people we are, always have been, and bid
fair always to be. As a nation, except in
the emergency of war, less has been done
to stimulate the military tendencies of
our people, and still less to formulate any
uniform plan for military organization,
than in almost any other Government In
the world.
On the contrary, we have had preached
to us since the days of the Declaration of
Independence doctrines most emphatically
opposed to a standing military establish
ment, and, despite the obligations im
posed by the constitution, the Govern
ment has persistently negleced the or
ganization by law of the military bodies
within the States. Indeed, this apparent
aversion to a military establishment
based as it was upon early experiences
in our history, seems to have furnished
some ready leaders of a narrow political
school opportunity and pretext for the
fallacious doctrine that the theory and
principles of our Government were from
the beginning opposed to a military es
tablishment of any kind. Despite this
doctrine, however, it must be admitted by
those who read the constitution of the
United States that Congress was vested
with fullest powers "to raise and support
armies" and to provide for organizing,
arming and disciplining militia to an ex
tent not limited. That same instrument
made the President the Commander in
Chief of the army and navy of the United
States and of the militia of the States
when called into the service of the
United States, all of which provisions
clearly show that even the makers of our
constitution*] laws foresaw necessities '
: to which their successors have already i
| been largely blind.— Military Journal I
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DAT IN 1884— Prudence. Oakdale, Cal.
The 19th of June, 1884, fell on a Thursday.
WORTH FIVE CENTS— G. H. S., Point
Arena. Cal. A 5-cent piece of 1832 is not a
premium coin.
HIGHEST MOUNTAIN— P. L. M., South
San Francisco, Cal. It Is believed that
the Deodhunga, one of the Himalayas, is
the highest mountain in the world. Its
height is given as 20,002 feet.
OLD COINS— A. S.. City. Half-dollars
of 1832 and quarters of IS3B are not of the
class of coins for which dealers pay pre
miums. The selling price of half-dollars
of 1532 with small letters in the legend
is 75 cents and those with large letttrs in
the legend is from $2 50 to $3 50. Quarters
of 183S sell for 50 cents.
VOLUNTEERS— N. N., City. The ques
tion, "What are the United States volun
teers allowed by the Government?" is
rather an indefinite one. If the writer
will make himself a little more explicit
an answer will be given. The volunteers
in a general way are allowed pay, cloth
ing, rations and transportation.
SOME BACK DATES-C. G. H.. Point
Arena, Cal. The Ist of March, 1880, fell
on Monday; July 4, 1881, on Monday; July
27,- 1883, on Friday, January 1, 1885, on
Thursday; May 19, 18SS, on Saturday;
February 5, 1888, on Wednesday; January
16, 1892, on Friday; November 26. 1893, on
Sunday, and October 24, 1895, on Thursday.
ENLISTMENT— An Anxious Subscrib
er, City. If a man enlisted during the war
in a battery of the regular army of the
United States for a period of three years
he will have to serve his full term unless
the authorities should so decide that those
men who enlisted during the war to fill
up the quota of the regiments of regu
lars should be classed as those volunteers
who enlisted for a specific time or for
the war.
CRIMINA- TRIALS— H. 8., City. In
the State of California a person accused
of a crime committed within the State
must be tried in the county in which the
crime was committed; but if it should
appear upon competent evidence that the
accused could not obtain a fair trial, say,
for instance, by reason of strong preju
dice against him. he vould be entitled to
a change of venue.
MRS. A, HERRMANN— R., Oakland,
Cal. Mrs. A. Kerrmann, widow of the
well-known magician, was born In Eng
land. Her name before marriage was Ad
die Sarcy. She started on her professional
career about twenty-five years ago. In
the early days of her career she ap
peared with the Brown troupe of Lady
Bicycle Riders, She went to Australia
and, it is said, there met and formed the
acquaintance of Mr. Herrmann.
ADOPTION OF A CHILD—A. S., City,
If a child Is abandoned on a doorstep the
person taking In such child can, by ap
plication to the Superior Court, adopt the
same, if upon a hearing it appears that
the party applying is able to bring up the
child. If there is no application for
adoption papers the mother of the child
could at any time of the child's minority
claim it, but she would be liable to the
party who brought it up In the amount
of money expended on the child and a rea
sonable sum for the care thereof.
Whether the child would be awarded to
the mother under the circumstances is
something that would depend on the facts
of the case and condition of the mother
as to being a proper person to have its
care and custody. Ir the party who
brought up the child had secured adop
tion papers the mother would have no
claim on It. If the mother was known
within a year after deserting the child
and could be arrested, she could be pun
ished for a misdemeanor, namely,
cruelty.
CHANGE IN THE CALENDAR— Sub-
I scriber, City. The Roman calendar was
i introduced by Romulus, who divided the
j year into ten months, comprising 304
j days, 738, B. C. That year was of fifty
I days less duration than the lunar year
I and of sixty-one less than the solar year,
I and its commencement did not correspond
} with any fixed season. Numa Pompilius.
713 B. C, added two months, and Julius
Caesar, 45 B. C, to make it more correct,
fixed the solar year at 365 days and 6
hours, every fourth year being bissextile
or leap year. That calendar was defec
tive, as the solar year consists of 365 days
5 hours and 45 minutes, and not 365 days 6
hours. That difference In the sixteenth
century amounted to ten entire days, the
vernal equinox falling on the 11th instead
of the 21st of March. To obviate mat
error Pope Gregory XIII ordained In 1552
that that year should consist of 356 days
omy (Octooer 5 became October 15); and
to prevent further irregularity It was de
termined that a year beginning a century
should not be bessextlle, with the excep
tion of that beginning each fourth cen
tury; thus 1700 and ISOO have not been
bissextile nor will 1900 be so, but the year
2000 will be a leap year. In this manner
three days are retrenched In 400 years,
because the lapse of eleven miuutes
makes three days in about that period.
Upon the change from old style to new
style In 1582 the last date was Thursday,
October 4, and the following day, Friday,
was the loth of October.
Cal. g-lace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"I like that young Hicks," said Ethel's
father. "He's the kind of man that
doesn't know more than I do."
"Yes," returned Ethel's mother; "but
do you think a young man who knows as
little as that will ever get on In the
world?"— Exchange.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A d*>
lightful herb drink. Removes ail eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion or
money refunded. At Owl Drug Co.
No New Years table Is complete without %
bottle of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten, th*
gTeat South American tonic of exquisite flavor.
Tired Treadwell— l'd hate to b» a hero
over in England.
Sockless Sim— Why?
Tired Treadwell — 'Cause as soon as ever
a feller ever does anyt'lnp worth mention
in' over there they go and put him In de
Bath.— Cleveland Leader.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUNG 1899
is with us. and we are prepared for
him with new kinks and ideas to aid
to our superior methods of fine laun-
dry work. You will always find us
up-to-date in the lead with all the new
improvements in this line. Mate a
good resolution and bring us 'our
shirts, collars , and cuffs to reno/ate,
and we will do them in a manner that
is unapproachable anywhere. "No saw-
edges."
The United States Laundry, o fica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
Use f^%, fltf
Facial Soap E^'/ Facia! Cream.
... _ ' $'
The Grandest Toilet Comoinatlor Known for
the skin, complexion and teeth la Woodbury 1 *
Facial Soap, Facial Cream and. Facial and
Tooth Powder. I The dally use of oese article*
will protect a lair complexion an' cur* • b*4
akin. fCONVINCED THAT
HE PAWNED
THE TIMEPIECE
Solution of a Mysteri
ous Burglary.
CRIME OF A YOUNG MAN
ACCUSED OF HAVING ROBBED
HIS FATHER.
Steals His Watch in Order to Raise
.utoney to Play the Ponies.
He Vigorously Denies
the Charge.
Tlie police are satisfied that the resl
of Charles Lederer was not entered
by burglars as was reported, but that
the articles which were said to have been
Etolen wire taken by one of the family.
Baturday afternoon one of Lederer's sons
d police headquarters and reported
that his father's residence at 21U2 Bush
Btreet had been broken into and a val
uable gold watch and chain, a diamond
locket and a pair of opera glasses stolen.
Detective Crockett was detailed to make
an investigation, and after getting a de
scription of the stotlen property he visited
the scene of the alleged burglary. After
a careful examination he failed to dis
cover how the burglars had gained an
entrance.
Suspecting something wrong, he closely
questioned the members of the family,
tut was unable to obtain a satisfactory
solution of the alleged crime.
Late in the afternoon Leo Lederer In
formed his father that he had found a
rawn ticket for the stolen watch under
the door, he claiming that the burglar, be-
coming conscience stricken had placed it
there. He asked his father for $34, the
amount which was loaned on the watch,
and ta: '. he would visit the pawnshop
It had been sold and redeem It.
Mr. Lederer gave him the amount, and
a short time afterward the young man
appeared with the stolen timepiece. This
.is not reported to the police.
Yesterday Detective Crockett again
visited the house, intending to make an
other examination of the premises. To
his surprise he was told that the watch
had been returned. Crockett subsenuent
.t to the pawnbroking establishment
where young Lederer said he had recov
ered the watch. Before leaving he had
r write a description of the stolen
rty and also obtained his signature.
(siting the pawnshop he compared
the signature with that of the man who
.wned the watch and was convinced
' hat . they were written by the same in
dividual. The pawnbroker described young
Lederer so that there could be no mis
\p his identity. He claimed that he
■ of business Saturday af
ternoon and producing the wattfi said
he was anxious to pawn it, as he wanted
to play the races.
Detective Crockett is convinced that
young Lederer pawned the watch and
placed the ticket under the door of his
home so that it could conveniently be
found \\hen Crockett told Lederer Sr.
what he had discovered the latter declared
that his boy was innocent, but ordered
the detective not to make any further in
vestigation.^
WILL LAUGH AT FATE.
Thirteen Allegorical Figures to Pre
side at a Friday Dinner of the
Press Club.
The San Francisco Press Club intends
to lauph at superstition and give old
N'uml.er Thirteen a fright from which it
will never recover, just to show that des
tiny and thirteen are far apart.
A unique dinner has been planned. It
will be held on the evening of Friday, Jan
::;, at 8:13 o'clock. Thirteen allegoric
al figures win sit at a table and preside
jinks rooms. Cheerful dissertations
are promised on "graves, worms and epi
taphs" by the allegorical thirteen. Mor
too, of infinite wit and melodious
tongue will be called upon to indulge the
genial hour after the Sultan Jamshyd,
j.ahram the hunter and others have had
their day.
Altogether, a pleasing and romantic
.'•le is promised. There will be food
for reflection in the grewsome discourse
vf the figures from the past and food for
the inner man will be bountifully provided
for the mortals of the present whose
thoughts turn more toward Epicurus
than Jamshyd or any other old Sultan
and who think that "graves, worms and
epitaphs" come only too soon without
their being induced by an ominous "13."
MRS. BOTKIN'S TRIAL.
To Be Resumed This Morning Before
Judge Carroll Cook — Will
Close Soon.
The trial of Mra. Cordelia Botkin will
be resumed this morning before Judge
Carroll CooL. and, with no delays, will
be in the hands of the jury some time
on Thursday. The evidence of the pros
ecution In rebuttal will be offered this
mnrnlng. The chief point to be brought
out will be that Mrs. Botkin could have
) ■ -n in Kureka in July. 1897, and could
liave mailed a letter postmarked in this
city. It will be shown that every steamer
l< avlng ihf Humtooldt sea coast brings
packages of letters that are not post
'i until they are deposited by the
■if the steamer at the Postorace In
this city.
arguments in the case wll be made
1 v Attorney General White and District
Attorney HosmoT for the State and by
Knight and Senator Frank Mo
ri for the defense. It is not expect
ed that the arguments on either side will
occupy a great length of time. The is-
. c ues, it is thought, have been clearly
drawn, and it will not take long to dispose
of them.
SUFFERERS FROM THE ±IRE.
A Benefit at the Alcazar for Walters
Who Lost All at the Baldwin.
The Pacific Coast Waiters' Association
has conceived a plan to materially assist
ssome of Its metnben who lost all their
belongings In the late Baldwin Hotel fire.
These unfortunates cannot take other
positions owing to a want of necessary
clothing. The association is poor, so of
Itself it can render little or no •financial
aid, but through the courtesy of Mana
ger Thall the Alcazar Theater will be
placed at the disposal of the association
for one night, and the popular comedy,
•A Midnight Bell," will be rendered for
the benefit of the waiters. Mayor Phelan
has contributed liberally and will preside
at the performance. All donations from
those who do not care to purchase tickets
will be formally a> knowledged. Tickets
may be procured at the following places;
lanton Hotel, Palace Hotel, Occl-
Hotel, Hotel Mlramar. Lick House,
Bt. Nicholas Hotel, Golden West, The
Herkslur*-. Langham Hotel, Hotel Fair
mount. Cliff House, Emporium, Chroni
cle cigar stand, Russ House and the Ex
aminer business office.
When dpMrini ■ '■■; '■" bottle Holiday
Wine from Mohtu & Kaltenbach, 29 Market.
Officers Elected.
The following are the officers choßen to
*erve Evan* Council, Order of the Chosen
Friends, for the ensuing term: Mrs. P. Stev
enson, councilor; Frank C. Bangs, vice-coun
cilor; Watt* H. lirunt. Instructor; Airs. C.
n. Sain, secretary; Walter N. Brunt, treasurer;
W B. Duniap. prelate; K. E. Chessman, mar
shal: Miss .fottie Sweeney, warden; Mrs.
Kmma Packer. K'lard; Mrs. KIWII .Murray,
eentlnp;: Mis;- Kn.i'.a Bryan, organist; Walter
N. Brunt and 1 > M True, representatives to
the Grand CoUfCll; E. E Chessman and John
F. Sweeney, alternates. Mrs. Minnie F. Wallis
becomes past i-ouncllor.
Conrad Parlorlof Volcano. N. D. O. W., has
\
elected: Mrs. Emma Cook, P.; Julia Grasso,
Anna McLaughlln and Minerva Mitchell, V.
P.'b; Vanne Mi-Laughlin. R. S. ; Marie Grlllo.
F. S.: Mary GUlick. T. ; Delia Gilllck. 15..;
Minnie (ioMman, Alblna Gullllanl and Mary
Lvi "t, trustees.
Las««n Parlor of Shasta, N. D. G W., has
plecteil: Pauline Leschinsky, P.; Anna I^ew-
In, Ida Gent and Clara Blunt, V. P.'s; Addle
Davis. M.. Martha E. Blair. R. S.; Melissa
Sutherland, F. B.; Loulw Lltseh. Cynthia
Crum and Carrie King, trustees.
Unity Ix>dge No. 131, I. 0. O. F., has elected
the i.. l!. .wing named: C. It. Tatcher. noble
erand: Will J. French, vice grand; George P.
Fretehel, recording secretary; S. G. Cheever,
financial secretary; George W. Lemont. treas
urer.
Dined and Danced.
The annual Christmas dinner and dance
given by the Occidental to its guests and
their friends last evening was a most
gratifying success to both the man
agement of the hotel and those who par
ticipated. The decorations were In keep
ing with the season. The Third Artillery
band furnished the music. During the
dinner it played "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner" and afterward "Dixie," "Yankee
Doodle" and "God Save thf Queen." the
last being In honor of the English guests.
There were about svO at the dinner. The
dancing way kept up until a late hour,
and fully 20t people participated.
« y» '
Danish Christmas Festivities.
A Christmas tree festival and ball was
Riven last night by the Denmark Branch
No. 2. of the Danish Society Dania at
Saratoga Hall. The juvenile portion of
the entertainment consisted of vocal and
instrumental music and the giving of
presents from a large Christmas tree in
the center of the hall.
Swedish New Year's Celebration.
The Swedish Singing Society will give
a New Year's celebration at Turn Verein
Hall, 323 Turk street, .on next Saturday
evening. A ball will follow the concert.
A pleasant evening's amusement is as
sured. The concert programme is: Selec
BROKE DOWN ON CHRISTMAS DAY.
The steam schooner Alcatraz left here on Saturday morning for southern ports. Shortly after getting
under way her shaft broke, and Captain Carlson had to run under sail before a northwester. Christmas after
noon the Alcatraz was spoken off Santa Barbara by the collier San Mateo. The steamer Alcazar has gone to the
assistance of the disabled vessel.
tion from "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe), or
chestra; "Angdatssang," song on board
steamer (Linblad), Swedish Singing So
ciety; selection, Edward Boyse; selec
tions, members of the Columbian Zither
Club; comical songs in costume, C. Hild-
Ing; "Sangfoglarne," "The Song Bird,"
(Linblad), Swedish Singing Society; ster
eopticon views, representing beautiful
scenes from tho old and new world.
• ♦ ■
Festival and Installation.
A festival and public installation
of officers will be held, in Social Hall
Alcazar building, to-night. The proceeds
will be devoted to the widows and or
phans' fund of Hannibal Lodge No. 1.
PETE THE SNORER.
An Attendant at a Lodge Who Has
Never Been Initiated — Pays Neither
Dues Nor Assessments*
JF. LOWELL of this city, well
known in several of the frater
t nal societies, is the owner of a
dog, a cross between a bull and
a pointer, not a very handsome spec
imen of the canine race, but re-
markable from the fact that he i 3
generally as white as snow, having
but two black marks on his body,
one a small black circle around the
right eye, and the other his snout.
The animal has another peculi
arity, and that Is his desire o fol
low his master to one of the orders
tp which he belongs and of which he
Is one of the officers. The particular
body Is a lodge of the Ancient Or
der of Workmen. Ev« ry "Wednes
day night at about half-past 7 i
the dog, who is named "Pete."
makes his way to his master and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 189b.
THE ALCATRAZ
BREAKS DOWN
IN MIDOCEAN
Rapidly Carried South
by a Northwester.
DIED IN A PRISON CELL
HARRY POND PASSES AWAY ON
CHRISTMAS DAY.
| Ferry Steamer Bay City Being Turned
Into a Modern Boat — Whalers
Getting Beady for the
Spring Opening.
A Sunday calm prevailed on the water
front yesterday. From Melgga wharf to
the Mall dock the only vessel at anchor
In the bay was the Government steamer
Hrtssler, while the steamers and sailing
vessels tied up at the wharves were idle.
I the officers and crews being scattered over
I the city enjoying & run ashore and Christ
! mas cheer.
Outside, however. It was different, and
off the coast the indications are that It
is blowing a northwester.
The steam schooner Alcatraz had the
full benefit of the storm, for she literally
flew down the coast. Leaving here on
Saturday morning she was spoken at 2:15
p. m. on Christmas day thirteen miles
! west-southwest one-quarter west of San
!ta Barbara, with her shaft broken. The
I dispatch received by the Merchants' Ex
! change telling of the mishap is as follows:
| Port Los Angeles, December 26 — Arrived —
commences to bark, as If to remind
him that it is time to go to lodge.
When the master leaves Pete fol
lows, and when the lodgeroom Is
rpached the master gives the usual
rap and the password which entitles
him to admission. Pete remains out
side, but no sooner is the door
closed than he scratches with his
paw at the door and when the
wicket is opened by the watchman
Pete looks up and gives one short
bark. The animal has evidently be
come aware that a knock and a
password is necessary to gain ad
mittance, and he does, as near as
he can, what his master does.
When the door is opened he passes
In and makes a circuit of the lodge
room, and if he finds a chair behind
one of the stations vacant, he Jumps
on the cushioned seat and remains
there until put out by the officer
who is entitled to occupy It; but
should the official remain absent dur
ing the session Pete retains his po
sition, and as a rule sits on nis
haunches with hla fore paws rest
ing on the station.
There is one thing that Pete does
not admire, viz.: long speeches.
"When a member of the lodge speaks
Pete watches htm. and when he
thinks the speaker has spoken about
long enough he drops his head be
tween his paws and in a very sig
nificant manner commences to snore.
One or two snores generally call
down the long-winded speaker, and
as he takes his seat Pete looks at
him with a queer expression in his
right eye, which by reason of the
black circle around it gives the
dog the appearance of having been
out all night and run against some
thing that discolored his optic, and
he waits for the next speaker, or un
til the presiding officer uses the
gavel to announce the close of the
s'-pslon.
Pete has one advantage over the
other attendants on t"he lodge; he
has never been initiated and does
not have to pay any assessments or
dues.
Steamer San Mateo and reports that on I
December 25 at 2:15 p. m., in latitude 34
deg. 15 mm. north, longitude 120 deg. 04
mm. west, passed steamer Alcatraz with
broken shuft. Steamer Alcazar left here
at 1 o'clock this a. m. to tow the Alcatraz
to Newport. Weather moderate when
the Alcatraz was spoken by the San
Mateo.
From San Franciscp to where the Al
catraz was spoken is about 300 miles, and
as the steamer Is only a good eight-knot
boat Bhe must have had a gale of wind be
hind her to reach the spot where she was
spoken in the time given. When she broke
her shaft is not known, but the chances
are that it snapped soon after she left
port and got into the nor'wester. In that
event Captain Carlson must have spread
sail and have run before it.
Neither at Point Reyes nor at Point
Lobos was there any indication of a
storm, outside of an unusually high ba
rometer. In the morning the wind was
blowing seven miles an hour from the
northwest, while at Point Lobos it blew
about seventeen miles an hour from the
northeast. It was strong enough to bring
the Glory of the Seas in from Nanaimo,
B. C, the Andrada in from Antwerp, the
Francisco Ciampa from Swansea, while
at dusk two or three more square-riggers
had put in an appearance.
The Francisco Ciampa made the record
run of the year coming here from Swan
sea in the fine time of 127 days. The Eaton
Hall, now out 177 days from the same
port, had to put into Rio de Janeiro on
September 3 with her decks damaged and
her boats swept away; the Routenburn,
174 days out, put into Rio the day before
the Eaton Hall with her cargo shifted and
the Drumcralg, 155 days out, put into
Yokohama on the 17th inst. The Andrada
came from Antwerp in 147 days and she
beats the ship Wallacetown, now out 183
days. On October 19 the Wallacetown put
into Coquimbo damaged.
Sergeant Flanders of the Harbor Police
was treated to a very disagreeable sur
prise yesterday morning. When he went
to wake up the prisoners in order to send
them to the Central station he discovered
that one of them was dead. Harry Pond
was an Englishman, who came to this
country to make a fortune many years
ago. Instead of graining wealth he lost
what little he had and gradually went
from bad to worse, until he was a common
drunk doing odds and ends along the
front for a living. On Christmas nlgl\t he
was found dead drunk on East street by
Officers Callahan and C. H. Hall and with
much difficulty they took him to the po
lice station. Officer Maher, who was on
the desk, could not get his name, but Of
ficer Manning, who took the next watch,
succeeded in awakening Pond sufficient
ly to get his name and age — 12 years.
Manning also supplied him with a blan
ket, and rolling himself In it Pond went
to sleep on a bench. When Sergeant Flan
ders arrived the unfortunate was dead,
having paseed away without a struggle.
A doctor was called in from the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, but It was useless
trouble.
Passengers by the narrow-gauge route
will not know the steamer Bay City when
she goes Into commission again She is
now on the ways at Oakland Point, and
will be practically rebuilt. An electric
plant is to replace the oil lamps, the cab
ins are to be remodeled, while downstairs
the restaurant and barroom are to be
made models of their kind. While the
new walking beam is being put in the
engines will be thoroughly overhauled,
and Captains Leale and Bradley say that
when the Bay City goes on the run again
she will be second to nothing on the bay
It will be March next before she goes
Into commission again.
The whalers are all getting ready for
the spring opening in the far north The
Pacific Steam Whaling Company's fleet
are all being overhauled at the Arctic
Oil Works, while Roth, Blum & Co 's are
being got ready In Oakland Creek The
Gay head is being fitted out at Howard -
Btreet wharf, and Captain Foley will
again take her out. The Andrew Hicks
Captain Shorey, will follow the Gayhead'
The Mermaid, that went to Kotzebue
Sound with gold hunters last spring is
going whaling, and Captain Gifford will
command her. Captain James McKenna's
friends are rallying around him, and the
chances are that he will go out again in
command of tho Fearless.
Captain B. Cogan's many friends will be
glad to hear that he will be out and about
again in a short time. A very difficult
operation was performed on him by Dr
G. Childs Macdonald at St. Mary's Hos
pital, and he is now on the road to re
covery. He will fit the bark Alaska out
for another trip to Kotzebue Sound after
which he will go whaling. A private let
ter from John D. Tallant, the banker
says that good prospects have been dis
covered since last reports on tho Buck
land and Kubuck rivers.
John Curtin and Thomas Ryder were
arrested by Officers McGrath and Shaw
yesterday afternoon and locked up in the
Harbor police station pn a charge of bat
tery. They went into J. H. Millar's stable
on Spear street, and when the proprietor
refused them a team they gave him an
unmerciful beating.
The sailing of the steamer Alarneda for
Honolulu and Australia has been post
poned from Wednesday, December 28 un
til Thursday, December 29. at 2 p m
owing to the late arrival of the British-
Australia mail in New York.
Crowding Street Cars.
The first reported demonstration of some
members of an Anti-Crowding of Street
Cars' Association, just formed in Omaha
was, when the car was comfortably full'
to order the conductor to go ahead and"
the order was given in such an earnest
not to say threatening manner, that the
conductor went ahead, much to the sat
isfaction of his passengers. But he left
behind him, dissatisfied, an equal or prob
ably a greater number of would-be pas
sengers, and though this first success of
the association was received with general
favor, it is just these would-be passengers
who will finally bring any such attempt
in this country, at least—to nothing. Of
course, the man who is on the car is an
anti-crowder to the point of bitter par
tisanship, but the man who Is not on but
wants to be, forgets or repudiates in an
instant all he has ever said on the sub
ject. If any of the frequently proposed
laws for not crowding the street cars w»re
passed in any city of the United States
they would be violated and made of no
effect by the patrons of the cars them
selves, and without any trouble to the
company. The only possible solution of
this problem, now geographically univer
sal, is the running of more cars. If there
were a simple law prohibiting the col
lection of more than half fare from peo
ple who do not get seats, it would be so
easily enforced that the companies would
speedily put on enough cars to get every
one of the half fares that was escaping
them.— Philadelphia Times.
Only seventy years have elapsed since
the first railway in the world was finished.
During that comparatively brief period
400,000 miles have been constructed, the
British empire accounting for about a
sixth.
THE MINSTRELS
ARE GAUDY, BUT
THEY ARE GOOD
The Best That West
Ever Banded.
CARROLL JOHNSON'S NEW RAG
THE BIG FAREWELL PRODUC-
TION AT MOROSCO'S.
"A Midnight Bell" at the Alcazar.
"Coon liollow" at the Comedy.
Vaudeville at the
Orpheum.
It has been the fashion lately to run
down the modern minstrel show with
its silks and • satins and sumptuous
scenery and hark back longingly to the
old days when a few old clothes and
burnt corks and a camp-meeting song
or two and a bunch of spontaneous
jests made the greatest darktown en
tertainment on earth. Particularly in
San Francisco comparison of this sort
has been popularly odious. Where else
but in San Francisco— with its memo
ries of Billy Emerson. Charlie Reed,
Carroll Johnson and a host of valuable
others— is the minstrel show so well
known? We have watched it from the
cradle to the grave; seen it thrive in
the early days of genius unadorned and
languish in the rich vestments of mod
ernity. Rich dry goods are the last es
sential of good minstrels. In minstrels
as in vaudeville It is seldom that
precious scenery and clothes are wedded
with good entertainment. So it is
doubly gratifying to find that under
all the gaudy paraphernalia of W. H.
West's Big Minstrel Jubilee, which
opened at the Columbia yesterday,
there is a show full of first rate tune,
motion and color. Certainly we have
never heard better minstrel singing in
all its variety than that which makes
up nearly all of the first part of this
show. It is, in my experience at least,
the best on record. The second part is
by no means bad, but with the Orpheum
in town the second part of any min
strels would be unsensational. We have
been overfed on good vaudeville. But
the first part of Mr. West's opulent en
tertainment is the very limit — especially
in the matter of singing. The arrange
ment of the' songs, orchestral and
choral, is nothing short of art and the
songsters — well, if you don't like these
you won't like "any, for they are the
best in the business.
On the tambo end of the rainbow is
our old friend Carroll Johnson, as hap
py, handsome and graceful as of yore,
and with a brand new song that will
have the town by the ears long before
the week is over. This gong, which is
called "I'm Sorry, Mr. Jackson, but I've
Got to -nrow You Down," is the real
fancy coon article, a seductive rag
with an Insinuating refrain and a slow
syncopated stride, and when Mr. John
son turns himself loose on it it is simply
irresistible. After this one he sings
his last season's masterpieces, "My
Honolulu Lady," and "Take Your Pres
ents Back," with apologies to the audi
ence. But the apologies are not neces
sary. Mr. Johnson can still lure the
real essence from the old hits and he
hasn't half enough verses to fit the ap
plause.
Then there is Richard J. Jose, incon
testably the champion heavyweight
counter tenor, who warbles a brace of
sentimental lyrics and leads a nicely
balanced octet in a shapely choral ar
rangement of Mascagni's "Intermezzo,"
and Clement Stuart, a tenor of English
export, who sings In a sweet, easy voice
"That Grand Old Song," an ingeniously
constructed ballad, in which the "Sua
nee River" is effectively employed as a
counter melody. Also there is a sturdy
barytone of a romantic disposition who
tells why he loves her still. And on the
bones extreme of the rainbow is Tom
Lewis, an end man altogether out of
the usual, broadly and grotesquely
comical and shining especially in paro
dies on well-known songs. Usually it
is the humorous gentleman of the press
who makes parody and satire at the ex
pense of the sentimental ballad, but
Mr. Lewis saves him the trouble and
does the Job twice as effectively.
Mr. West thrones it in the middle and
is still the most Chesterfleldian inter
locutor in the profession. He still revels
in his old hobby, the drill, and the per
formance is closed by a "Remember the
Maine" scene in which that ill-fated
vessel is the background for a marine
corps drill which Mr. West leads in the
uniform and features of Captain Sigs
bee. The rest of the second part is
made up of fairly good vaudeville turns
xMr. Lewis and Charles M. Ernest in a
travesty contributing the best, but the
life and melody of the show are in the
first part. In fact never since Mr. West
first brought his spectacular genius to
bear on the business has minstrelsy
been as amiable a diversion as It is
this week. ASHTON STEVENS.
Morosco's.
Next Sunday night the curtain in Mo
rosco's Grand Opera-house that has been
raised for the pleasure of San Francis
co's most enthusiastic audiences for years
will fall for the last time on the old stock
company and the Joyful days of the mel
odrama will have past. Last night mark
ed the beginning of the end— the opening
night of "The White Squadron," but the
various dramatic Incidents in this most
melodramatic piece served to brighten
those saddened by the thought that old
Morosco's will soon be a memory The
scene of the play is laid in Brazil, the time
being when tho naval fleets of the great
powers assembled in the harbor of Rio
Janeiro to protest against the usurpation
of authority on the part of the Brazilian
authorities. The audacious "authorities
were quickly subdued by the naval pa
rade, and as far as this trouble is con
cerned It is quieted forever. The wreck
ing of a silver train by bandits was an
other thrilling incident, as was the pro-
I c«ssion of spectral monks in a ruined mon
astery and the Moorish slave "yoked to
an ox until freed by America's soldiers,"
Fully 3000 people crowded into the vast
theater to witness the opening and none
were disappointed. James M. Brophy as
Victor Staunton, U. S. S. Chicago, and in
cidentally the hero, carried his part as the
hearts of the audience desired, while on
the other hand Landers Stevens as Colo
nel Romaclo of the Brazilian army, by
his malevolent impersonation of a villain
without conscience, had not a friend
when the curtain fell on the last act.
Lorena Atwood as Therese Romaeio, the
daughter of General Romaeio of the Bra
zilian army, a man full of years and
crime, and Pearl Landers as Hope Staun
ton, won the unstinted applause of the
great house. Great crowds are expeqted
during the rest of the week, and then
good-by to the melodrama that has been
a Joy to thousands for Just 5635 consecu
tive performances, a record which Mr.
Morosco proudly points to as the greatest
In the world.
Alcazar.
The holiday attraction at the Alcazar
Ist Hoyt's New England character play
"Tlie Midnight Bell." It was first pro
duced at the Alcazar in June, 1887, and
last night L. R. Stockwell and George
Osbourne were seen In the characters of
the Deacon and the Bank President, re
spectlvely, which they created then. When
Stockwell made his reappearance he was
greeted with applause. His portrayal of
the character of the local Pooh Bah has
lost none of its quaint humor and effect
iveness, and he proved a whole host in
himself. George Osbourne had not much
to do as the bank president, but he did it
well. Daniel Halifax, as the representa
tive American country boy, made quite
a hit, and Francis Tale as Ned Olcott
was excellent. Mrs. F. M. Bates was a
genuine spiteful old maid, and Laura
Crews was charming as the impulsive
young miss. Gertrude Foster made her
reappearance as the school ma'am and
met with a cordial reception. Ernest
Hastings had to look pleasant and make
love and he succeeded admirably-. The
other parts were well sustained. The
play is a mixture of pathos and genuine
humor, and the scenes lifelike and inter
esting. The school children sang "Listen
to the Cricket's Song" so well that the^
were encored and sang "Don't You Hear
Dem Bells.".
California.
Miss Nance O' Neil's performance of
"Magda," which was reviewed in yester
day's Call, attracted an immense audi
ence at the California last night. "Map
da" is the bill for to-night and to-morrow
night. On Thursday, Friday and Satur
day nights "Guy Mannerlng" will be given
with Miss O'Neil as Meg Merrilies. "In
gomar" is for Saturday matinee, and the
engagement closes with the Sunday night
performance of "Oliver Twist."
New Comedy.
The new piece at the Comedy Theater
Is "The Romance of Coon Hollow," de
scribed In the playbills as "an .dyl of
Tennessee." The plot abounds in sensa- j
tional scenes and fixtures, most notaDiv
the cotton press in action and the steam- !
boat race. Buck and wing dancers and a
Pickaninny band and an enthusiastic gen
eral company appear In the play.
Orpheum.
The Christmas bill at the Orpheum
served to draw packed houses at matinee
and evening performances. The star at
traction among the new people is by
far Mons. and Mme. Roflx, who do one
of the greatest "strong" acts ever seen
in this city. The way Mons. Roflx jug
gles with a 250 pound cannon, a piano at
which a woman is seated, and like trifles,
is enough to make the average athlete
turn green with envy. His particular
forte is balancing these heavy-weights on
his chin. Riley and Hughes have been
seen here before, but their black-face
comedy is clever enough to be seen again,
and then they have some new material.
Pilar Morin, Rose Eytinge and Clement
Bainbridge appeared with only fair suc
cess In a farce by Augustas Thomas en
titled "That Overcoat." George Fuller
Golden is as great a favorite as ever, and
Julius P. Witmark has new songs, and
the Rappo slaters have a new dance.
The Tivoli.
At the Tivoli the big holiday spectacle
"The Yellow Dwarf" has done a tremen
dous business during the holidays. A sec
ond edition is announced, and the piece
promises to pack the house for several
weeks to come.
The Chute*.
Both performances at the Chutes Free
Theater were packed yesterday, and the
new programme went with a snap and
dash from beginning to end. Forman and
Howlett, excellent banjo players, gave
the overture to "William Tell" and
Souza's "Stars and Stripes Forever."
Freada, the extraordinary whirlwind
dancer, gyrated in one direction for nearly
a quarter of an hour, and Travelle, a
shadowgrapher and illusionist, gave a
clever entertainment. Harry Constantine,
a female impersonator, and formerly a
shining light with Haverly, gave some
good toe dances, and Merritt and Carlisle
introduced the inevitable cake walk. A.
L. Rohrer's new songs, with moving pic
tures, were hits.
Olympia
The Olympia has a good holiday bill in
Laura Ashby, contortionist; Kelly and
Violette in "coon" songs; Conchita, t->e
singing soubrette, and the dancing Healy
sisters.
Thursday's Symphony.
The next of the symphony concerts
takes place Thursday at 3:15 o'clock in
the Orpbeum.
The first part of the programme com
prises Beethoven's "Leonora" overture
No. 3 and Mendelssohn's "Scotch" sym
phony. Of all Mendelssohn's works for
orchestra this is probably the most pop
ular. The first thought of this symphony
seems to have occurred to the composer
in 1829, during a visit to Scotland, where
he heard a competition of Highland
pipers. The work was planned and part
ly written at Rome in 1831, but it was not
completed until 1542, when the composer
was residing at Berlin. It consists of
four movements, which are directed to
be played without the customary pause
between then, making, therefore, one con
tinuous work.
The Wagnerian selections, which will
form the second part of the programme,
are as follows: "Waldweben," from
"Siegfried; "Albumblatt"; "Dreams,"
from the five tone-pictures; Wotan's
"Abschied yon Bruenhllde" and the
"Magic Fire" music from "Die Walkure."
The Rosenthal Recitals.
The sale of seats for the Rosenthal
recitals at Metropolitan Hall next week
will begin at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s this
morning at 9 o'clock. There promises to
be a lively demand.
The Fighting Maoris.
Some 300 Maoris were shut up in ln
trenchments at a place called Orakaw.
Without food, except a few raw potatoes,
without water, pounded at by artillery
and under a hail of rifle bullets and hand
grenades, unsuccessfully assaulted no less
than five times, they held out for three
days, completely surrounded. -eneral
Cameron humanely sent a flag of truce,
inviting them to surrender honorably. To
this they made the ever famous reply:
"Enough! "We fight right on, forever!"
Then the general offered to let the women
come out, and the answer was: "The
women will fight as we!" At length, on
the afternoon of the third day, the garri
son in a body charged at quick march
right through the English lines, fairly
jumping over the heads of the men of the
Fortieth Regiment as they lay behind a
bank. Half of them fell; the remainder
got clear away. The earthworks and the
victory remained with us, but the glory
was theirs.— From 'The Long White
Cloud," W. P. Reeves.
Releasing the Sermons.
He was Intently watching a gang of
men breaking stone to make a new
road.
"What are you looking for?" inquired
some men who were passing.
"The sermons that I have heard are
to be found In stones," he replied. —
Chicago Post.
Italian high schools have been open for
years to women as well as to men. Every
year a prize is offered to students in the
teachers' seminaries for an essay. This
year fifty women competed and only five
men. The women got the prize and all
the medals.
The Enormous Gold Product of 1898.
This will be the greatest gold year In his
tory. From South Africa, the Klondike and
Australia the precious metal Is being shipped
in large quantities. It is believed that this
year's output will be nearly double that of any
previous twelve months. The sales of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters are also Increasing very
fast, and this year that famous remedy will
cure more people of dyspepsia, indigestion, con
stipation, nervousness and weakness than ever
before.
• AMUSEMENTS.
AT rA7AD Main 254.
ALLAZ/AK Main 254.
■ ', ■ ■ . .. ■ . i - .»..-
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELLI—
JLJ I—dVmd JLW i
L. R. Stock well as the Deaoon.
SOc, PRICES 2 SScT
35c, ~*viv-'l-'O . ISO.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;|
jHcARTEKS'
SIOK HEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER
THIS
THE st, WEEK!
BIGGEST I >VULa*
l?VE L ,EST, I WILLIAM H.
THE
WARMEST I WES |' S
THE TTLJIJ
o.eatest m MINSTREL
THE, A,,, | JUBILEE!
NEXT MONDAY
WILLIE COLLIER
In "THE MAN FROM MEXICO." \
California ™ eater
THIS WEEK ONLY,
The Young American Tragedienne.
NANCE O'NEIL,
And an Augmented Company.
To-night and Wednesday— Last Timps,
MAC DA
Thursday, Friday anil Saturday Evenings,
"GUY MANNERING."
First Appearance Here of Miss O'Neil as Meg
M.'iTiUes.
Saturday Matinee ''IN'GOMAR."
Sunday Evening "OLIVER TWIST."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENINGJ
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE
THE YELLOW DWARR
A Delight for Young and Old!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. IC
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
Monday, January 2d, 1899.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and sOc
N. B.— A reserved eeat for the Matinee 25c.
Our Telephone, Bush B. Secure your seats in
advance.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY— MONDAY.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
MOINS. AND MME. ROFIX,
World's Greatest Chin Balancer.
PILAR MORIN, ROSE EYTINGE AND
CLEMENT BAINBRIDC.i:.
In the Roaring Farce, "THAT OVERCOAT."
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN. "Casey'i
Friend," with New Stories.
RILEY AND HUGHES. Blackface Artista.
JULIUS P. WITMARK. Vocalist.
RAPPO SISTETiS, Russian Dancers.
HORACE GOLniN. Illusionist.
THE THREE LUKINB, Acrobats.
MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
MOROSCO'S GRAND S
V axtkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee aad ilanageii
Week of Dec. 26, 1898.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. If.
Farewell Performances of
THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY
IN
The While Squadron
Next Week— Engagement Extraordinary— the
HI HENRY MINSTRELS
At the Regular Prices,
100, 25c and 500.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
The Beautiful Comedy Drama,
A ROMANCE OF
COON HOLLOIA/!
PT^'p The Magnificent Scenic Effects.
VL L The Great Steamboat Race.
. 11, I i Tne Cotton Press in Operation.
\JIJXJ The -\vhlrlwlng Buck Dancers.
The Same Splendid Production and Excellent
Cast as given at the Fourteenth-street
Theater, New York.
NOTE— This is not a colored organization,
but an "Idyll of the Tennessee Hills."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices lSe, 25c. 35c. sOc
Matinees 15c and 25c
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MONDAY MATINEE. JANUARY 2.
OTT BROTHERS in "ALL ABOARD."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning TUESDAY,
Dec. 27, to SATURDAY, Jan. 7, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 8 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:1?
and 445 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
CONCERTS AND BESCBTtf.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TUESDAY and THURSDAY EVENINGS.
January 3 and 6. and SATURDAY MATINEE.
January 7, at 2:30.
SPECIAL!
THE WORLD'S MOST EMINENT PIANIST.
ROSENTHAL!
Will Appear In Three Grarnd Performances
under the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Prices, $1, $2 and f3. Saie of Beats for ths>
three performances will begin THIS MORN-
ING at 9, at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Muslo
Store. STEINWAY PIANO USED,
56
ADMIRERS OF
RACING WERE
OUT IN FORCE
Thousands Gathered
at Ingleside Track.
TENNY WAS THE BRIGHT STAR
WAS FIRST IN THE CHRISTMAS
HANDICAP.
Mr. Skinner's Great Ride on Collins
One of the Features of the
Sport— Favorites Were
Out of Luck.
Pfldnm has Ingleside track presented
a pay^r appearance than yesterday.
Wealth and fashion were represented in
the spacious grand stand and on the ver
FINISH OF THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP.
nndas of the clubhouse, and the betting
ring swarmed with people from every
walk in life, all busily engaged in the
battle to separate the bookie from his
ruin. It was an old-fashioned holiday
pathering. and all of 0000 people passed
through the clicking turnstiles. When
Walter Hobart, astride Una Colorado, the
Fizzling hot choice for the gentlemen rid
ers' race, was beaten by Mr. Skinner on
crippled and infirm Collins, society paled,
and thereafter the racing bored the mem
bers of upper swelldom. It really was
too bad; but, then, the sport always was
awfully uncertain.
The fields bettors had to contend with
were numerically small, but they proved
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Monday, Dec. 26, 1898.— Twenty-fifth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
EDWIX F. SMITH. Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
4jrr FIRST RACE— FIV» furlongs; selling;
; purse,
Index. Horse.
Weight St.
Urn.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
355 Good Hope 100
■112 Ann Pit«e 103 j
334 Casdale 109
■)■.' Stamina 103
331 The Fritter 103
' i Nora Ives 106
•■ • Florence Fink 100
: 4
1 3
8
!
1 1
2 h
4 1
6 1
6 Mi
3 %
1 1
3 1
2 h
6 2
4 -a
G 1
1 %
2 1
3 1
4 Ml
52
6 2
7
In J. Ward
2 1 1. Po\v»:ll
8 1 H. Martin....
4 :2: 2 J. Keiff
B 4 McNlrhols ...
6 2 RuttT
7 \V. U. Martin
&-2 13-5
20 30
3-5 7-10
30 «ii
« V.-2
40 CO
Time .. -- . %, :SB%; 4. 1:01%. Winner. B. Schreiber's eh. f. by Col. Clark-Grati-
tude, Oood start. Won Brat three driving.
■; i Hup- was possibly best. The ride Casdale received was not one of Martin's
stirring successes. The Fretter was nervous and McNlchols had betting ring fright. Flor-
ence Fink can do better than that.
Scratched— Abano luo, Dunpraise 109.
Aid. BJEOOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap;
tID« over five hurdles; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
m. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Cranger a 160(6 lh 35 22 2 1 1 4 12 12 Kerrin 3-2 2
4>5 Tortonl, a 140:7 5 1 4 2>4 4 4 4 6 3h 2> 2 Shepard t 15
p v 4 liii 6 3 '-4 2h 12 1 11,4l 1 ,4 2 1 350 Tanner 3 6-3
ZSI. .! <i C, c 155 47 657 625 6 42 1 :apps 4 10
an I'arl.is. 3 127 14 '4 52 62 7 5 Tuberville ... •• ••
40S Viking. 4 1&8! 3 60 7 56 68 Cl • Mattler 6 12
Durward, 4 Vix 2 2 ',4 1 % 3 4 3 4 4 4 » |Evans 4 4
•F.-11. -». ■ ni.K-.i with P F.
Time— 2:lVi. \\inner. W. P. Fine's eh. g. by Oregon-Superba. Oood start. Won easily.
nd an.l third driving.
Granger is very mui'h of a Jumper and a resolute flnish»r. The distance was too far
for 1' 1" .1 OC ran for \.h<- end book.
Scratched— Reddlngton 16J. L'ulverslty 127, Kaiser I.udwig 135, Rossmore- 130, Dlablita
m.
8
4
\
1 h
6 1
3 hi
7
4 ,4
6 6
2 «4
-35 2 2
424 4 4
2 h 12
6 S 7
52 6 2
7 5 6
1% 3 4
2 I>4 12
46 3 h
1 I>4 2 1
6 25 6
B8 C 1
34 4 4
1 2
2 '2
3 50
4 2
5
•
Kerrln
ivernn
Shepard
Tanner
Capps
3-2 2
8 15
3 6-3
4 10
•• M
6 12
4 4
Tubervllle ...
Mattier
Evans
AIT THIF'.D liACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; gentlemen riders; purse,
T- 1 C • $500.
I
Index Horse. Age. Weight. l St.
374 Collins. 6 170 1
401 Vna Colorado, 6.... 170 5
411 Hazard. 6 170 2
360 Anaba.«ls. 4 170 3
364 Kal Moi. 5 170' 4
3. r <6 Filou. 4 ITOJ 6
%m.
1 l 4
2H .
4 h
C h
3 4
6
%m.
1 n
2 3
4 2
6 '4
33
6
%m.
%m.
2 6
1 2
3 2
E 4
4 1
6
%m.
Str.
1 4
1 h
3 V 4
6
4 h
6
Str.
Fin.
1 2
2 10
3 2
4 20
B 10
6
Fin.
Jockeys.
Mr. Skinner..
Mr. Hobart...
Mr. Forsland.
Mr. Sink
Mr. Dunphy. .
Mr. Hume.. „
I
2-5
8
8
20
10
9-2
8-5
19
15
60
10
Time— M, . R4; %, 1:21; mile. 1:47^4. Winner. J. Weber's br. g. by Inspector B-
Plazr.a. Oood start. Won first three driving.
Mr. Skinner outrode his associates. Collins tried hard to sulk. Mr. Hobart was smil-
ing a quarter of a mile from the finish.
AI O FOURTH RACE— Two miles; three- year-olds and upward; Christmas handlcaD-
*TlO« purse. $1500. • , •■ ■
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
3SI David Tenny, 4....105J 1
410 Lady Hurst. 4 101 2
3*7 Dr. Bernays, 3
, B. M'.rrls, »....W7] 3
410 Prince Blazes. 3... ;tr,| 4
&
1 S
3 1
4 3
2H
Hm. Std. l%m. l%m.
. Std. l%m.
6 3 1
15 18
3h 4 6
i-r\ r-n
4% 6 ■ ■
l%m.
3 1
1 1
4 15
r*
Str.
Str.
2H
1 1
3 1_
8*"
Fin.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 1 H. Martin....
2 li J. Woods
?L vln
B~* iMcXlchois"'!!
3-2 2
8 15
8 »-2
S-5~l
20 40
Time— lm.. 1:47^; mm.,. 2:13V4; H4ib.. 2:40; l»im.. 3:06^: 2m., 3:31V4. Winner P
I>unne's b. h. by Tennv-Marule B. Good start. Won first three driving.
The paddock crowd did nut fancy the favorite. Tenny probably had the most class
Lady Hurst ran a nice race. •--
Scratched— Scarborough 124. Buckwa 121. Morelllto 117, Our Johnny 103.
41ft FIFTH RACE-Slx furlongs; handicap; three-;
; puree, $500.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
*4m.
Btr.
Jockeys.
(389) Bendoran, 3 119 1
413 Ed Gartland 11. 3.. !)2 3
(406) Paul Griggs, 4 115 0
40S Novia. 3 90 4
(341) May W, 4 119J 2
(3SS) Rendoran, i ....... .llj l ... n n n n Spencer 5-2 13-5
413 Ed Gartland 11. 3.. 1)2 3 ... 2n n» 2 1 *8 McNlchols ... 7-2 4
(406) Paul Griggs, 4 US S ... 6 6 8h 31% H. Martin.... 4 7-2
40« Novia. 3 90 4 ... 4 4 8 2 4 1 4h Devin « 3
1341) May W, 4 1191 2 ... 8^ 41 5 6 Thorpe ■.... „_ 5-2 8
Time— %, :24£; %, :49; %. 1:14 Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. c. by~7mp~~i?r
Modred-lmp. Oran. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving
liendoran Is Just as good a honse as he looks. Paul Griggs was notional about getting
In motion. Novia belongs In a cheaper division. May W failed to show a particle of speed
Scratched— Mainstay 107. Bonnie lone 87, Valenclenne 97 ■
1 1
2 h
6
4 4
3 V,
1 1
2 IV4
I
8 2
4 1
1 1
2 8
8 h
4 1
5
1 1
2-8
3 1%
4 h
6
ucer
Nichols ...
Martin
in
II
rpe
AOfi SIXTH RACE-^»ne and a sixteenth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and up-
ward; purae, $600. X
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Km. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(410) Daisy F, 3
414 Rey del Tierra, 4..:
SSB Bardonlc, 3
tm Imp. Mistral 11. 4..]
21?. Our Climate, 6 1
S
3
4
2
1
' . 4 H
1 V»
6
2 h
3 h
8 h
1 1
I
-46
8 lVj
4 10
1 2
6
- 3 h
2 %
2 2
1 2
5
3 3
4 4
1 h
2 6
4 4
34
6
1 1
2 10
8 1
4 10
6
Devin
H. Martin....
8-5 6-2
3-5 9-10
6 9
4 ' 8
4 ' 15
Tlme-1-16, :06%; 6-16, :81; 9-l«. :56; 13-16. 1:21%; mile, i-.uk; 1 i-is m ., i:47>4. Winner,
J. Carroll'* eh. t. by RUey-Modesty. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Daisy was introduced to the select set and showed them something. TUe stable fan-
cied the chances or Tierra, Sardonic did not run so well.
difneult guessing propositions, while the
much-looked-for 500 to 1 shot failed to ma
terialize, Granger and Bendoran were the
only successful favorites. The different
events broke nicely for the ring, nearly
■very book getting "well ahead of the day's
gambling.
The Christmas handicap, at two miles,
furnished one surprise. Ed Corrigan's
gelding, G. B. Morris, with 107 pounds in
the saddle, ruled an even money favorite,
and with bellows to mend early in t'\a
season failed to get a mark. After Lady
Hurst had made all the running and was
beginning to tire Martin came with a rush
on David Tenny., beating the mare out
a length in 3:31%. Dr. Bernays took the
small end of the purse.
The mile dash for horses ridden by
gentlemen riders looked such a good thing
for Una Colorado, the mount of Walter
Hobart, that 1 to 2 was about the best
procurable in the ring. Mr. Skinner hus
tled old Collins away in the lead, but
when the brown gelding began showing
Ills sulky proclivities three furlongs from
home it looked dreary and dismal for
him. Mr. Hobart, on the easy traveling
favorite, made a wide turn into the
stretch, just about which time Collins
grew wise and started to try again. It
was now "oil from the can" for Mr.
Skinner, for he outrode Mr. Hobart, get
ting Collins in a fashionable winner by
two lengths. The successful rider was the
recipient of a well-merited ovation from
the stand. •
William Murry started Casdale In the
opening scramble for two-year-olds, and
starting a 7 to 10 chance, the - averdale
youngster finished third. Good Hope found
no difficulty in winning by a neck from
the 30 to 1 outsider, Ann Page.
The hurdle handicap at one mile and a
quarter fell to the favorite, Granger, rid
den by Kerrin. P P led to the stretch,
where the favorite soon showed In front,
winning cleverly from Tortoni. A few
yards from the wire Durward, while run
ning in third position, fell, also bringing
down Viking. The rider of neither animal
suffered injury.
The entry of Walter Jennings, Bend-
oran, outfooted the other four starters In
the Bix-furlong handicap. The big chest
nut colt was a 13 to a favorite in the bet
ting, and made a runaway race of it. Ed
(Jartland took the place quite as handily
from the gray horse. Paul Griggs.
Graduating from the selling-plater divi
sion, Daisy F showed her real worth in
the mile and a sixteenth handicap. Rey
del Tierra had a strong call in the betting
that was done, but when called on by
Devin the daughter of Riley and Modesty
made Purser's horse look common, win
ning cleverly by a length. Sardonic was
a distant third.
Track Notes.
Oakland track will reopen this after
noon. The card presented is a very at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
tractive one, with tho Oakland Prize
stake for two-year-olds as the feature.
Charles F. Price, president of the board
of stewards at Oakland track, returned
from Memphis yesterday morning. He was
accompanied by E. C Hopper, secretary
of the Western Turf Congress, who will
take the place in the stand at Oakland
made vacant by the death of the la
mented John J. Carter. Mr. Hopper was
warmly greeted by his many friends.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; Belling; thre«-year
olds and upward:
329 Gracias 99 392 Hohenlohe 102
290 Howard 104 223 La Maroma ....99
317 Oak Leaf 104 2;>« Coda 1M
273 Midas 107 303 Fig Leaf 109
327 CVFleta 104 386 Aluminum 99
185 Miss Dividend.. 99 412 Karasln 104
27!t Don Gara 107 ... The Waif 107
Second Race— Two-year-olds; Futurity course:
397 Strongoil 112 319 Tlburon 103
402 Banewor lOti 403 Rosebeau 106
331 Gilt Edge 106 160 Fiero U5
404 Martello 103 402 Re y Hooker 106
Third Race— One and a alxteenth miles;
three-ypar-olds and upward:
409 McFarlane !'2 410 First Call 101
824 Losette 83 362 Tenrlca 83
359 W. <j( Fortune. 95 400 Elldad 89
410 Frank Jaubert.. 92
Fourth Race — One mile; two-year-olds; Oak
land prize stakes; purse, $1250:
408 Baby King 100 391 Jingle Jingle.. .loß
(394)Flrst Tenor ....115 <343)Ailyar 115
... La Penltente . ..US 333 Llmewater 11l
340 Humidity 112 t4oß)Ollnthus 115
69 Saintly 11l 394 Sam MeKeever.lls
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; all ages:
407 Joe Ullman ....114 365 Rosormonda ....109
401 Highland 8a11. .112 392 Prinre Tyrant.. .los
CU.-.)Rainter S6 412 Guilder 102
(332)Recreatlon 109
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward:
32 Nonchalance ...112j 407 Myth 109
... Mldlan 107 1 354 Mamie O 109
(142) Lady Ashley.... 104 1 339 Don Luis 104
SIS Shasta "Water. ..lo9 41S Mainstay 112
327 Manzanillo 104 32S Homestake 101
3L'7 Sly 104 3% Kicardo 109
Selections for To-Day.
First Race—Fig Leaf, La M aroma, Oalc
Leaf.
Second Race— Hooker, Banewor, Rose
beau. *S
Third Race— of Fortune, First Call,
McFarlane.
Fourth Race—First Tenor, Allyar, Bam Mo-
Keever.
Fifth Race—Joe Ullman, Recreation, Rainier.
Sixth Race—Midlan. Mainstay, Mamie O.
>
Old Elmer S Wins a Race.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 26.—Weather
clear; track fast. Brakeman, Belle of
Memphis and Eight Bells were the win-
ning favorites. Results:
First race, selling, one mile, Stanhope
won. Flop second, Rushflelds third. Time,
1:44%.
Second race, five furlongs, Elmer S won,
Myosotta second, Sldtilla third. Time,
l:03-V
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles,
over hurdles, Brakeman won, Voyageur
second, Laura May third. Time, 2:us 1 ,*.
Fourth race, handicap, six and a half
furlongs. Belle of Memphis won, Elkin
second, Sim W third. Time, 1:22.
Fifth ' race, selling, mine and twenty
yards. Eight Bells won, sec
ond, Dalgrettl third. Time, 1:45.
PROMINENT RUSSIAN
ON THE CHINA
THE GRAND DUKE CYRIL AR
RIVED LAST NIGHT.
Lord Charles Beresford Was Ex
pected on the Same Vessel, but
Did Not Come.
The Pacific Mail steamer China arrived
in port late last night and anchored in
the stream. Prominent among her pas
sengers is the Grand Duke Cyril and his
two aids, Lieutenants Couzan and Couze.
Grand Duke Cyril is the eldest son of
Grand Duke Vladimir, an uncle of Nich
olaa JI, Czar of all the Russlas. Cyril
was born on September 30, 1576, and has
two brothers— Boris, 21 years of age, and
Andreas, 19 — and a sister, Helena, about
16 years old. He has been visiting the
Russian fleet in Chinese waters and is on
his way to St. Petersburg.
Other passengers on the China were
Captain Biddle, commander of marines
on the Olvmpia, and L. J. Kuhlwein, chief
gunner of the Olympia, who are on their
way to Washington for orders; Mr. Kin
ney, chairman of the Chamber of Com
merce of Honolulu, en route to Washing
ton; Professor Bell and daughters, who
have been traveling in Japan: Mrs. L. L.
Dellaplain and daughter of Wheeling, W.
Va.. and seventeen discharged soldiers.
The China left Hongkong on November
30, Yokohama on December 10, and is five
days twenty-three hours from Honolulu.
It was expected that I^ord Charles Beres
ford and Sanford B. Dole would be among
the passengers, but both were detained
and will probably arrive on the next ves
sel.
■ ♦ ■
BATTLED WITH A SOLDIiiR.
Police Officer Dunn's Narrow Escape
From Peath at the Hands of a
Drunken Tennesseean.
Policeman Lawrence Dunn had a hot
battle with A. M. Barrett, a soldier of the
Tennessee Regiment last night, and had
it not been for the prompt assistance pf
a saloonkeeper he might have lost his
life.
Barrett was discharged from the hos
pital a few days ago, where he had been
suffering with rheumatism. Last night
he started out td round up the town. He
became involved In a row in the saloon at
the corner of Grant avenue and Morton
street, and the proprietor called for the
police to quiet him.
Dunn responded, and had hardly entered
the door when Barrett foiled him to the
floor, at the same time drawing a re
volver and pointing it at the officer's
breast. The weapon was dashed from
his hands, and Dunn placed him under
arrest. On the way to the patrol box
Barrett escaped and rushed Into a house,
where he hid In a closet. Dunn found
him. and was obliged to club him Into
submission with his handcuffs. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
his injuries— two scalp wounds from the
handcuffs— were dressed. He will be
charged with disturbing the peace and
carrying concealed weapons.
Alamedas Won.
Th« Alameda High ; School football
•leven defeated the heavyweight Reliance
team yesterday on the Alameda grounds
?y a score of 6 to. 0,
SLOGGERS WILL
SLOG, BUT FOR
HARD COIN ONLY
Matches Made by the
National Club.
THE GREEN-CREEDON FIGHT
A HOT TWENTY ROUNDS EX
PECTED AT WOODWARD'S.
Neil and McConnell and Cocker
Tweedie and the Winner of
Friday's Mill Will
Meet.
The National Athletic Club has its book
of fistic entertainments full until Febru
ary next. The much-talked-of twenty
round contest between Dan Creedon and
George Green will be decided under its
auspices next Friday evening at Wood
ward's Pavilion, and it should be a hot
one. Creedon 1b certainly In fine form,
and If any idea can be formed from the
present appearance of the pugilist as to
what his chances of bucccss are, he cer
tainly should be well up at the finish of
the game, especially as this will be the
first time In years that Creedon will meet
an opponent who Is near his equal in
height, weight and reach of arms.
The Nationals have booked Al Neill,
the champion welter-weight of the Prince
ton Athletic Club, and Frank McConnell
of the San Francisco Athletic Club to
fight twenty rounds on tfie evening of
January 17. On the same evening the
Australian lightweight pugilist "Cocker"
Tweedie will meet the winner of the Tye
and La Fontise ten-round figrht. which
event will be decided next Friday even
ing. It will be one of the preliminaries
to the Creedon-Green contest. A third
attraction arranged by the National Club
will be a ten-round bout between Fred
Maynard and Willie Cole, the clever
pugilist of the Manhattan Athletic Club.
Unless something now unforseen should
happen within the next month Jim Jef
fries will be matched against Denver Ed
Smith, who is at present in Victoria, B.
C. Smith recently returned from Dawson
City in a financially crippled state, and
as a matter of fact he is anxioua to catch
on to any old scheme that will bring him
a return of a few dollars. Smith may
still be a fairly good man, but the greater
number of sporting people of this city
are- of the opinion that a match between
Smith and Jeffries would be but a nice
little plek-up for the Los Angeles heavy
weight.
Sam Fitzpatrick, the manager of Jack
Daly., has written to a friend in this city
that if George Lavlrne Is looking for a
good thing he can at any time get a
"go" with Daly. Lavigne refused to meet
Daly when he was in the East, but Fitz
patrick is of the opinion that the Sag
inaw "Kid" may have changed his mind
since he won a decision over Tracey, and
that a twenty-round meeting may be
brought about.
GOLFERS AT PRESIDIO
AND ACROSS THE BAY
THREE MEN ARE NOW LEFT IN
FOR THE GOLD MEDAL.
At Oakland the First Seven Repre
sentatives of the Club Defeat
the Second Seven.
Testerday was a Bplendid day for golf,
and there were many players both on
the Presidio and the Oakland links. On
the links of the San Francisco Golf Club
the annual competition for the champion
ship gold medal, which was begun on
Saturday, was continued, but time did not
permit it to be brought to a conclusion.
At the close of Saturday afternoon's play
five men were left in for the seml-iirml
rounds, but on Sunday Lieutenant T.
Games Roberts and T. Blnney played ten
rounds. Mr. Blnney beating Lieutenant
Roberts 2 upon the first round, and Lieu
tenant Roberts beating Mr. Binney 3
upon the second round. Lieutenant Rob
erts was thus 1 up on the 18 holes, and
entitled to play in the gold medal con
test. This made the couples in the final
round. Tho scores made are given in the
table below:
eisi
Playea. o S Player*
3 Pi
IBg
H. B. Goodwin., 14 A. B. Watson
11. Babcook 0 41 S. 1.,. Abbott Jr...
T. G. Roberts.... • 111 J. AS. 8yrne......:
I 1
1 O
o c
C 3
3 a
c ■
0
it
0
As shown by the score H. B. Goodwin
beat A. B. Watson- 5 up. H. Babcock beat
S. L. Abbott Jr. 2 up, and T. G. Roberts
beat J. W. Byrne 1 up. In the semi-final
heat T. G. Roberts drew the bye, 11. Bab
cock beat 11. B. Goodwin 5 holes on the
first round, and H. B. Goodwin beat H.
Babcock 5 holes up on the second round.
The score was thus all even on 18 holes.
One more hole was played to decide the
tie, and was won by H. Babcock, who
will contest the championship with Lieu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
580520820 JJO?JO!JO2SO?3 o S2 o 88 o 88 o 580 SBo JSo;8oS8oSSo82oS8oSS o8So88oS8o?SOg.
1 WEAK WOMEN, WEAK MEN. I
§ 'i^M^kt Yon Can ' Be Strong lf Yofl m §
0 ')m^'^^m^ There Is a Way to Get Back 8
§ S^^W All of Nature's Vigor. ; 8
S w% *"^ MpWk ■ — : ©
O f^>.-T^'*^' "'v^J^i'i)' How well you know the hopelessness S3
•* l' S^'^w^'' »K(KfiP'^£\ of dril s! They give no strength, and o
P, VV^s«bF /^aßSaaSSv nothing will cure you unless it gives J*
» .-♦Jfe- 1^ '^^B|fc§tt'rCvL strength. That is done by Dr. Sanden's c.
i» , ( <?''v^®T Electric Belt. Thirty years of study and t)
a \'i< 1^ ynify success have taught Dr. Sanden how S*
iS w"i':tr to use electricity. He gives you the O
° n\}:s-^ \V^T benefit of his knowledge in 8?
I®% \ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. *[
*• "Electricity Is Life," and life is what you need. You need the vim, °
o the nerve and ambition which come only from Electricity. Will you •$
•? try it? It costs little, is worth all : that life is, . for it makes life worth »
o living. Read Dr. Sanden's book for either sex free. Consultation . free, o
*J Call or address S3
§ DR. A.T.SANDEN, * — -~ -* §
i* ( 702 Market Street, Corner Ketrny, San Francisco. ROT IN DRUG STORES, O
?, Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 .. _ . T~~^- ,_i „ 88
*5 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 232 West Dr. Banden a Electric Belt O
O Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington . » never sold in drug stores g.
28 street; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; v nor by traveling agents; only M
O Dallas, Tex.. 255 Main street; Butte. Mont., at our office. .. O
S3 HO North Main street. ' v • * " ~ ■ : * S8
o ■ ■• , . ■„-'.-'.•■ - ■ ■ -' o
88O88O88O88OSO 52o?SoKoS8oS8oS2o?8o82o«8 o ?8O?8 OS? o S8O88OS2O?8OS2O88O88OS8 :
Wright's Indian VegetaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have Übed them for over forty years to curs
EICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimplea
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to buslneaa. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. A»k your druggist for it.
Foe* 11 a bottle.
tenant T. G. Roberts. The winner will
receive the gold medal, 'and the second
man will receive a silver one. The date
for playing off the final is not yet fixed.
A large number of players, including
some ladlos.were out on the Oakland linka
yesterday, and many friends of mem
bers visited the club house and grounds.
An interesting match had been arranged
between the team that represented the
Oakland Club against the San Francisco
Club on December 17, and the second best
eight players of Oakland. Only seven of
the Oakland eight being on hand, through
the absence of George D. Gow, the first
seven played the next seven, and (to
lapse into the vernacular) "put It all over
them." As the score given below shows,
the first seven beat the second seven by
15 up on the first round, and by 12 up on
the second round, making a total of 27
up on the two rounds. In the second
seven were C. P. Hubbard and J. C. Mc-
Kee, who were included In the eight that
represented the home club against the
San Francisco men on December 10 on
the Oakland links.
OAKLAND GOLF CLUB.
First S«ven.
Second Seven.
I
Qi
n. M. Fit-.<&erald
E. K. Foiger
P. E. 80w1e5....
J. A. FolgtT....
F. S. Stratton..
F. G. Greenwood
W. P. Jchnson.
:
: -cm\
i •■:
[R. Belden
C. X Hubhard...
IJ. J. Knowles....
G. Wheaton
S. McNear
IJ. C. McKee
G. McNear Jr
0| 0
01 •
01 0
o! o
0! •
0! 0
0! 0
Totals i
Totals
The details of the final round between
Miss Alice Moffltt and Miss Duff for the
ladies' cup are now at hand. In the play
at 9 holes Miss Duff and Miss A. Moffltt
halved 3, and tied with 3 each. To de
cide the tie a tenth hole was played,
which Miss Duff made in nine strokes,
while Mi.ss Moffltt took twelve to make
it. Mis? D'iff n"c r«*«r«r»y won. The
score at the close stood thus:
PLATERS.
c!
p
"3
Ex
o ■»
f
Duff
A. Moffltt
70
n
9
12
COURSING AT UNION PARK.
Senorita Wins the Consolation Stake.
The Open Stake Is Divided.
The results of the coursing matches at
Union Park yesterday are as- follows:
Consolation stake, second round— Pembroke
Kennels' Magic beat James Byrnes' Mohawk;
T. J. Cronlns Maid of Bail beat A. L. Aus
tin's Trlnki.-t; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
beat J. Shea's Kathbone; T. Uaffney's Sir John
Arnot beat J. Shea's Kathbone; T. Gaffnpy's
Sir John Arnot beat A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; It. B. (Ie B. Lopez' Green Valley Maid
beat Pembroke Kennels' Joy Bells.
Third round— Magic beat Maid of Ball; Sen
orita beat Morning Glory; Green Valley Maid
beat Sir John Arnot.
Fourth round— Senorita beat Magic; Green
Valley Mali a bye.
Final— Senorita beat Green Valley Maid.
Open stake, second round— E7 R. Scott's Lord
Byron beat I* Herbst's Revolver; l'ueemite
Kennels' Brauty Spot beat Pembroke Kennels'
Sylvanus; Alllo Kennels' Rock Island Boy beat
Lowe & Thompson's Patrla; F. Moran's Golden
Russet beat Eucher Kennels' Rosebud; Handy
& Smith's Victor beat Pembroke Kennels"'
Mona; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat
1). Ford's Bonita; Larkey & Rock's Emerald
beat Lowe & Thompson's Qulckstltch; T. J.
Cronln's Thornhill beat R. E. de B. Lopez'
Minneapolis; Penelope Kennels' Las Palmas
beat J. Dennis' Interesting; Pasha Kennels'
Las Palma.i beat J. Shea's Young America; F.
Moran's False Flatterer beat A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan; F. Moran's Snapshot beat Milo Ken
nels' Victor King.
Third round— Lord Byron beat Beauty Spot:
Golden Runset beat Rock Island Boy: Prince
Hal beat Victor; Th— nhill beat Emerald:
False Flatterer beat Las Palmas; Firm Friend
beat Snapshot.
Fourth round — Golden Ruseet beat Lord
Byron; Prince Hal beat Thornhill; False Flat
terer beat Firm Friend.
F. Moran's Golden Russet and Falsa Flat
terer get a divosion of the stake. Prince Hal
withdrawn.
Available Testimony.
A story toiu by Major Menzles is being
circulated through the offices In the State
House of a Vine nnes lawyer who ap
peared for the defendant in a trial by jury
and put on the witness stand a boy from
whose testimony he expected to gain a
great deal. To the confusion of the attor
ney, the story told by the boy was greatly
to the detriment of the defendant, and
the attorney set to work to show that the
boy was worthless."
"What is jour occupation?" ho asked
the boy.
"I work on my father's farm." the wit
ness replied.
"You don't do much but sit around?" do
you."
"Well, I help my father."
"But you're worthless, aren't you?"
was the attorney's decisive question.
"I don't know whether I am or not,"
retorted the witness, warmly.
Then the attorney took another tack.
"Your father's a worthless man, isn't
he?"
"Well, he works about thft farm."
The attorney here fastened an eye which
gleamed with triumph on the jury and
nailed the boy with a glance from the
other, and said: "Isn't it true that your
father doesn't do enough to prevent his
being calli-d worthless?"
The boy had chafed under these un
pleasant questions, and summoning: his
courage, he said loudly: "If you want to
know so Lad whether my father's worth
less, ask him; there he is, on the jury!" —
Indianapolis Journal.
HOW SHE FIXED HER HUSBAND.
When a Hastings (Neb.) husband re
turned home at nlgnt and knocked for ad
mittance his wife opened the door just a
little and whispered. "Is that you, Will,
dear?" The husband's name is Tom, and
he now doesn't care to wander from his
own fireside at night, and the cunning lit
tle wife is telling ncr neighbor wives that
her little ruse worked first rate.— Denver
Post.
The Consuls in France report that In
dian corn as an article of diet among
the French peasants Is being replaced
by the chestnut.
ODOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
%*•» PALACE wj
IGRAND HQTBiMi
q BAIt PHAHCIBCO. 9
'% . Connected by a covered passageway. J
V MOO Rootns-900 With Bath Attached. Q
*'■: An Under On* ; Management. (9
}^ ; FOTS THE PaiOSS: f%
£ Bnropoaii PUn.f 1.00 per day and upward !3
** ABMrlcau Plan $8.00 p«r day and upward Q
9 Corrtepondenc* Bolloltod. a
5 jynr 0. KUOAWOX, Ituagtr. 3
ALL THE POINTS
WERE SCORED BY
COMPANY H
League of the Cross
Football.
EASY VICTORY BY 26 TO 0
H AND 0 BATTLE FOR THE CHAM
PIONSHIP.
A Few Scraps, Long Delays and
Primitive Work Marked the
Gan*e That Was
Played.
For three years Company II of
the I>eague of the Cross Cadets
has shouted defiance at Company
C, the so - called "Golden Gates,"
and yesterday they met on the lime-lined
gridiron of the Presidio Athletic grounds
to settle their little difficulties. Company
C received a football interment, mighty
H scorin- 26 points without allowing C on
the board.
It was the best kind of football weath
er, cold, shar-' and crispy. The people
who filled the grand stand engaged in all
sorts of actions in order to arouse chilled
circulation and prevent untimely death
by freezing. Out on the field the players
were at it hr.mmer and tongs, Bcrapning
a bit to keep the people awake in the
stands. Long delays were the feature- of
the game, which was so one-sided that
all interest in it as an athletic event
was dissipated after the first rive min
utes of play.
■a' he game began by Company C kicking
oft to n'a thirty yard 1 tie. ,-vfUr an in
terchange of kicks H began to smash the
line of their opponents and the gains that
followed wrought a touch down not many
minutes after the signal to begin action.
Atkinson scored the live points by his
splendid line bucking and running, which
he continued through the game. The sec
ond touch down was effected by two
splendid end runs of Ahem brothers, who,
in combination, gained fifty yards of ter
ritory.
The second half opened with a kick-off
by Company H. Atkinson was again
called Into play and a touch down result- |
ed, the score standing lti — 0. Two more j
touch downs followed with persistent reg
ularity, the score standing 26 — 0 at the
end of the game.
The officials were Rooney and Ferrari,
timekeepers; referee, Wilson; umpire,
Symmes. The teams lined up as follows:
Company H. Position. Company C.
D. Ahem L. E. R Lamey
Leavy U T. R Smith
Atkinson L. O. R O'Brien
Noel or
Keenan Center Daley
Wlers R. G. L Mulinlx
Whelan R. T. L llußhes
T. Ahem R. E. L O'Brien
Marlsch Quarter Regan
Erlenheim L. H. R McN'evin
Cal Ewing R. H. L Mahoney
Moreno Full Hansen
Theorizing.
"Now," said the professor, "supposing
that by some convulsion of nature por
tions of the earth now under water would
become dry land, what would be the most
prominent characteristic of the land
scape?"
And the summer girl, who was trying
to suppress a yawn, replied:
"Spanish warships."— Washington Star.
Of the whole population of the globe
about !to,ooo die pvc-ry day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HBMw/ 'MBS 'IjKv uia&' t®
— -
Our ability to brew a beer
of unusual high quality
gives us an extraordinary
ability to please consumers.
Val.Blatz Brewing Go.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4 6-4 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
One of the New York institutions which deservea well of the
public and is receiving the appreciation that it merits, is The Horn«
Bureau Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out its sign at 15
West 43d Street for several years. " This Bureau does not dispense
medicines," said the manager recently, "but we do hear frequent
discussions concerning the merits of remedies, and it seems to bo
conceded that Ripans Tabnles are a reliable auxiliary to the physician.
Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and prysicianj
tssura us that the formula ia e*cel.tem»*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
aam ' mmm
Are the only physi-
cians who do not
require payment un-
til their patients are
cured.
■
Specialists for Men.
Established Since 1881
Largest and best
equipped medical
institute, and the
most extensive prac-
tice in America.
mm v m m m
■■' '
I !
731 Market Street.
A Motor Burned Out
or a wire broken, puts a atop for the time being
to the work of the electric system. All must b*
repaired ami the wire again charged before •
wheel «ill turn. It is so with THE HUMAN
MACHINE. Its «erre> system Is as a'notwork
of delicate wires and if these are shattered oi
enfeebled every function Is retarded. To keep
life at its best, both for action and enjoyment,
you must Sustain the Nerve Fower.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
are a true eustalner of the nerve power and ol
the greatest efficacy. They repair and build up
the broken-down nerve system; they feed it;
they charge It with vitality; they give sleep to
the sleepless, backbone to the faltering; they
avert insanity and consumption, revive falling
memory, bring rosy cheeks and lustrous eyes.
They ars harmless, yet potent; can be carried in
th^pock°t. yet restore vipor to all. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents ♦> KoxeA at 53. 50, a
Ho* Renews Ouaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed en receipt of price by
THE PERFFCTO CO. Caxton BvMtfino. Chicago, Ilk
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKHS.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEAJLB BTS.
DR.MCNULTY.
T^HrS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls-
eases o; Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to .. daily ; 6.30 to 8:30 c v'gs. Su ndars, 10 to 12. Consul.
: free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. KOSCOE HoMI.TY, M.D.
26% Seamy St., San Francisco. Cal,
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
XABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular. >
HALL'S REIN YIGQRATQ2
B|Jw*",S Five hundred reward for any caet
MW HE we cannot cure. This secret remedy
aDR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOB
Five hundred reward for any cast
ive cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
Htefa R£zS Emissions, Impotency, Varicocel*.
BJt*l sjj Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
akki «rA> fiSt Manhood and all wasting ef-
S§S_ ® fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sen!
U£SE3aa^ sealed, s2 bottle: 3 bottles. ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Alsa
for sale at 1073U Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.SEATTLE HAS
A RIVAL TO
"FAT" BLODES
Short-Stop Klaiber's
Dimensions.
VISITORS BADLY CRIPPLED
TJNABLE TO MAKE ANY
SHOW AGAINST ATHLETICS.
An Uneventful Game at Recreation
Park for the Coast Championship
Gathered In by the
Locals.
Mr. Doyle of Seattle turned loose an
aggregation of cripples against the Ath
letics at Recreation Park yesterday after
noon, and -when the 3000 spectators filed
out of the gates at the conclusion of nine
full Innings the lopsided score of 14 to 8
■was posted on the blackboard, the. locals
being on the long end.
Some Jeering remarks were mad» about
the ability of the Northwest champions
to distinguish the difference between the
scientific baseball of the present day and
the juvenile game of "one-old-cat" of the
days of our forefathers, but these re
marks were entirely uncalled for. The
fact is, the Northwest League- season
closed In September, and none of the
Seattle men has done any playing since
then. They arrived here last week en
tirely out of condition, and Sunday's game
with Oakland put them out of it com
pletely for the time being.
"Tacks" Parrott, who tore the cover off
the ball the day before, went into yes
terday's game with a hand swollen to the
size of a boxing glove. He played first
for six innings, and in the seventh went
Into the box to finish out the string, when
he ought to have had his arm in the hos
pital. Babbitt, Clarke. Anderson and. in
fact, nearly all the others were suffering
from sprains, bruises or stiffened muscles,
bo it is not to be wondered that they were
unable to hold their own against the Ath
letics.
However, the visitors, having found
*'>n;e better teams here than they had
any Idea of meeting, will devote the pres
ent week to good, hard practice, and by
next Sunday will be in something like their
normal condition.
Iberg was a mystery to the visitors
from first to last, live widely scattered
hits, two of them of the scratch order,
being all they. could make, while Babbitt
and Parrott divided sixteen safe shots
between them. Klaiber made his Initial
bow to the San Francisco shouters— that
is. he would have made his initial bow
■w-f-re it r.ot that his frontispiece precludes
any such form of gymnastics. Klaiber
is built on the "Fatty" Blodes plan, with
a few modifications. "Fatty's" breadth
of beam is greater than his depth of hold,
"whereas Klaiber is more spherical In his
formation. Then, again, Blodes is tongue
tied in his feet— has a sort of lisping walk,
as it were— while the Seattleite is able to
cover lots of ground and can play an
infield position with any of them.
Aside from Klaiber, who, not having
participated in the game of the previous
day, was comparatively frolicsome, and
Bcored two of the three runs made by the
team, there is little to be said of Seattle's
work.
The Athletics, on the other hand,
spanked the ball unmercifully, ran bases
as they pleased and fielded nicely. They
started: right off In the first inning with
four runs, three hits, including two
doubles, two passes and a passed ball,
doing the trick, and then drew four
blanks.
In the sixth two more on two singles, a
double and a bad error by Rand. By
that time Babbitt had outlived his useful
ness as a pitcher, but he went in again
in the seventh, passing them up until four
hits and three runs had been scored, when
he gave way to Parrott. Hits and runs
Kept coming right along, though, and
"Tacks" wanted to retire also, but could
find nobody to take his place. When the
trouble finally terminated the Athletics
had marked up eight runs for the inning.
That ended the run-getting, and the score
closed as follows:
ATHLETICS.
■ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
J. McCarthy, L t .... 5 0 10 2 0 0
Meaney. c. f 6-2 2 1 1 0 0
Mclaughlin, es 5 112 2 0 1
Hildebrand. r. f.... 4 2 1 2 2 0 0
Johnston, lb 3 3 2 0 11 0 0
Etuis, 3b 5 3 3 0 0 4 1
Han ley. 2b 5 14 0 2 6 1
Lohman, c 5 12 0 7 2 0
Iberg, p 3 10 3 0 2 0
l-'itzpatrtck, 1. 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total! 42 14 16 3 27 13 *3
SEATTLE.
Babbitt, p-lb 4 0 1 I 7 3 0
Parrott, lb-p 4 0 0 0 7 2 0
Klaiber. es 3 2 112 4 0
Clark, c. f 3 0 0 13 0 0
Anderson, 2b 4 0 2 10 2 2
ODea, 3b 4 000001
Hartman, c 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
Hopkins, r. I 3 10 0 110
Rand, 1. 1 4 0 10 10 2
Totals .., 33 3 5 5 27 11 ? 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletic* 400002 80 o—l4
Base hits 30020370 I—l 6
Seattle 0 00101100—3
Base hits 10010200 I—s
MART.
Runs responsible for— Iberg 2, Babbitt 3, Par
rott 1. Two-base Me&ney, Hanley (2), An
derson, Lohman (2), Klaiber, Johnston. First
base on errors— Athletics 1, Seattle 3. First
base on called balls— Athletics 5, Seattle 4.
Left on bases— Athletics 6. Seattle 7. Struck
out— By Iberg 7, by Babbitt 1, by Parrott 1.
Double plays*— Anderson. Klaiber and Babbitt
Wild pitches— Babbitt 1, Parrott 1. Time of
game— Umpire— McDonald. Official
— Stapleton.
How Bankruptcy Seems to a Savag-e.
A correspondent at Wanpanui, New
Zealand, sends us this amusing extract
from a local newspaper: A Maori chief
who lost £4 through a white storekeeper
going through the Bankruptcy Court has
given the following lucid exposition of
this particular branch of British juris
prudence: "The pakeha (white man) who
wants to become pakarapu (Insolvent)
goes into business and gets lots of goods,
and does not pay for them. He then gets
all the money he can together, say £2000,
and puts all of it. except £5, where no
one can find it. With the £5 he goes to
a Judge of the court and tells him he
wants to become pakarapu. The Judge
then calls all the lawyers together, like
wise all the men to whom the paseha
owes money, and he says: 'This man is
pakarapu, but he wishes to give you all
he has got. and so he asked me to divide
this £5 among you all.' The Judge there
upon gives tne lawyers £4, and the re
maining £1 to the other men. Then the
pakeha goes honv."— London Times.
Where Lightning Gets LMzzy.
A Western lightning rod agent recently
put all rivals to shame by the following
clincher on the merits of his goods:
"You Bee, sir, our rods are twisted from
end to end. Well, the lightning makes
a dive for the top anfi goes whirling
around down the rod, and before It gets
to the bottom it's so dizzy it couldn't
hurt a fly."— Roswell (N. M.) Record.
HUMAN NATURE.
"You know," paid the collector, rather
plaintively, 'you said that you would pay
me if I came to-day.
"Well," said Mr. Bildew, "you must
V-ear in mind that human nature is hu
iaa nature. The best of us sometimes
f-ay things that we are sorry.
ington Star.
Will Be Getting New Names Soon.
An Atchisor: man does not know the
names of his two daughters. When they
■vvvre young his wife gave them fancy
names, but ever since they have been
called "Sis" and "Babe."— Atchison
Globe.
Ladles' tallnr-mride pvit«. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. BothectlliJi 211 Sutter Bt., r. 6 and 7.
FORGED PRESCRIPTIONS
TO SECURE COCAINE
Edward M. Norton Driven to Crime by His Crav
ing for the Drug.
EM. NORTON, a young man 24 years of age, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday afternoon by Sergeant Campbell on a charge of ob
taining goods by false pretenses. Norton has been victimizing a large
'number pf druggists by sending them bogus prescriptions for cocaine
under the signature of "E. A. Blake, M. D.," who is a myth. Altogether
104 druggists in various parts of the city have within the past three months
been supplying Norton with cocaine free of charge on these bogus prescrip
tions. He was methodical in his way, as he kept a typewritten list of the
drug stores from which he had procured cocaine and the amount due
each. His object, he said, was to repay the amounts when he was able.
Sunday night E. J. McGlvern, druggist, Seventeenth and Guerrero
streets, was handed a "Dr. Blake" prescription for five ounces of cocaine
by a boy. The prescription was accompanied by the following note: "Will
you kindly favor me by filling the enclosed prescription, and as soon as we
perform this operation myself and Dr. P. de Vecchi will be able to see
you. Please sterilize and oblige. Respectfully, E. A. Blake, M. D." Mc-
Givern had been victimized before and he telephoned to the Seventeenth
street station. He was told to hold the boy and Sergeant Campbell hurried
to the store. On the advice of the sergeant McGivern filled up the pre
scription and handed it to the boy. It called for five ounces of solution of
cocaine. The sergeant followed the boy to the corner of Nineteenth and
Guerrero streets and saw him hand the bottle to Norton, who walked
away. After he had gone a block the sergeant went up to him and
placed him under arrest. When searched the lists were found in his pock
ets and he admitted his offense.
Norton is a bright yo^ung fellow and is a bookkeeper and stenographer
by occupation. He explains his position as a cocaine "fiend" from the fact
that for years he has suffered greatly from catarrh. Two years ago Dr.
J. Dennis Arnold treated him for catarrh and performed an operation on
his nose. To ease the pain the doctor had given him a prescription
for cocaine, which he was to snuff up his nose by means of a medicine
tube. He has continued to do so ever since. He was employed in his fa
ther's office, who is the manager for the Mercantile Reporting Company,
on Pine street, but had to give up his position a few months ago, as his
father refused to give him money to spend on cocaine. Since then he had
been driven to get the drug by trickery to satisfy his craving. He hon
estly intended to repay the amounts to the druggists, arid that was why he
kept a list of the stores and the amount due each. Within the past three
months he must have used over 800 ounces of the drug through his nose.
He declares that if he gets out of this trouble ha will not übq the drug
again.
INTERCOLLEGIATE CHESS.
Columbia, Harvard, Yale and Prince
ton Represented.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— The seventh in
ter-collegiate chess tournament between
students from the universities of Colum
bia. Harvard, Yale and Princeton began
in this city this afternoon.
K. G. Fall (C.) and C. F. C. Arensberg
(H.) discussed a Petroff defense, in tne
course of which game the former got the
superior position. After thirty-two moves
the players agreed to draw.
L. A. Cook (Y.) and J. A. Ely (P.) con
tested a very fine game. Ely, however,
had a strong attack at one time. lhis
would scarcely have won the game but
for a blunder on the part of the Yale
man who lost his queen and the game
after thirty-six moves.
The game between A. S. Mever (C.) and
A S. Weston (P.), king's gambit declined,
was of very short duration. Meyer won
after sixteen moves.
F. F. Southard (H.) had an easy vic
tory over A. M. T\ ebb (Y.). The Yale
man relieved on the queen's pawn opening
which his adversary transferred into a
Dutch game. The latter won a pawn
early in the game, and after twenty-eigat
moves Webb had to resign.
The second round will be played in the
(C.) vs. Cook <V.)
Second table— Ely (P.) vs. Arenaberg
(I Third table-Meyer (C.) vb. Southard
(T Fourth table— Webb (Y.) vs. Weston
MAGNET GETS THE COIN.
Wins the Final of the Forty-Dog
Stake at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Dec. 26.— The second and
last day of the big coursing meet began
with the second ties from the rundown
of yesterday's forty-dog stake. Results:
Second ties-Maiden beat Seldom; Marietta
beat False Alarm; Magnet beat Port Costa
Lass; Magnesia beat Rosle B; Mission lip
beat Hellsarlus. „
ThIM ti.-s- Magnet beat Maiden; Marietta
beat Magnesia; Mission Tip a bye.
Fourth ties— Magnet beat Mission Tip; Mari
etta a
Final— Magnet beat Marietta.
Magnet, first monoy; Marietta second; Mis
sion Tip, third; Magnesia, fourth; Maiden,
fifth: Bellsarlus, «lxth; Rosle B, seventh;
Port Costa Lass, eighth; False Alarm, ninth;
Seldom, tenth. .
Consolation stake— Duke of Oakgrove beat
Calnux: Arnn beat Etta A; Tom Cy beat Hap
py Girl; Tip beat So Are We; Salvator beat
Robin A; Don Jose beat Cascadel; Lady beat
Margorie M: Maud S beat Searchlight.
First ties— Lady beat Maud S; Arno beat
Duke; Salvator beat Tom Cy; Tip beat Don
Second ties— Salvator beat Arno; Lady beat
Tip.
Final— Salvator beat Lady.
Salvator, first money: Lady, second; Tip,
third; Arno, fourth; Maud S, fifth; Don Joee,
sixth: Tom Cy, seventh; Duke of Oakgrove,
eighth.
TIE GAME AT MARYSVILLE.
Home Team and the Woodland
Seniors Tie on Six Points Each.
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 26.— The game of
football played here to-day between the
Senior team of Woodland and the Marys
ville Athletic Club's eleven resulted in a
tie, the score being 6 to 6. The visitors
made their points in the first half. The
Becond half was hotly contested. Ray
Wright, left end for Woodland, was hurt
on the stomach and head, requiring the
services of a physician. Hudson, for
Marys ville, suffered a scalp wound and
Learmont of the same team had to retire
on account of injuries to his back. The
game was witnessed by 1000 people, quite
a number having come from Woodland.
"Black Griffo" Defeated.
TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 26.— "Black
Griffo" was defeated this afternoon at
the Trenton Athletic Club in the four
teenth round by "Jack" Waldron. The
men fought at catch weights. The early
part of, the contest was very scientific,
THE SAN FKAJSTCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
and Waldron showed the most skill. In
the ninth round Griffo began to force the
fighting, and apparently tired himself out.
\\ aldron had Griffo at his mercy in the
thirteenth and fourteenth rounds, and
punched him at will. At the end of the
fourteenth round Griffo staggered to his
corner, and at the call of time for the
fifteenth round he failed to respond. The
decision was given to Waldron. About
low persons witnessed the contest.
Poultry and Bench Show.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.-The entries to
the exhibition of the State Poultry and
Bench Show Association, which opens
at Armory Hall in this city on January
4, number upward of 100 dogs and innu
merable fowls. There are four Great
Danes, seven St. Bernards, five pointers,
ten English setters, flve Irish setters, one
Gordon setter, fifteen cocker spaniels one
mastiff, one Irish water spaniel, twenty
five collies, two bull terriers, six fox ter
riers, one dachshund and one Italian grey
hound. The poultry exhibits come from
various parts of the State,
Kitty Scott the Winner.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26.-The ties and
finals of yesterday's coursing were run
off to-day at Agricultural Park, with a
large crowd in attendance. The local tal
ent did fine work against the northern
dogs and showed its training to good ad
vantage. The finals were won by the lit
tle favorite Kitty Scott, with Rest As
sured second, Doncaster third and Lady
Herschel fourth.
Rides a Fast Half-Mile.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— At Madison
square Garden to-night Harry Gibson of
Cincinnati, a lad of 16 years, rode an ex
hibition half-mile, paced by a tandem,
in 59 3-5 seconds. This performance
stamps the young man a crackajack, aa
the time made beats that of Tom Cooper
over the same track by one-fifth of a
second.
Football at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 26.— 1n the football
game between the Santa Barbara Athlat
ic Club and the Pasadena Athletic Club
the Santa Barbara eleven won by a acor©
of 6 to 0.
Football at Napa.
NAPA, Dec. 26.— The football game- be
tween the Alohas of San Francisco and
the Napas was won by the Napas by a
score of 12 to 0.
The Language for Sweethearts.
Members and friends of the London
Manx Society, which, as its name
indicates, is composed of residents
in London of Manx birth or descent
dined together at the Guidhall Tavern on
Saturday evening under the presidency of
Mr. S. S. Stevenson Moore, barrister-at
law, himself a member of the Manx fam
ily of Lhergy-dhoo. The night was that
of Halloween, a great Manx festival
used to a great extent and still In a great
measure prevail. It was paid in the course
of the evening that the Isle of Man had
in its time borne over a dozen names, of
which six or seven were given to it by
the Greeks, and that the people of the isl
and, In proportion to their numbers, were
next to the inhabitants of Newfoundland
the greatest seafaring people in the world
Of the Manx language it was said it was
the best of all tongues for "coorting" in,
there were in it no fewer than ninety
seven ways of saying "my dear." The
musical programme, of course, comprised
the national air of "Mylecharaine" and
the "Evening Song" of the Manx fisher
men.—London Telegraph.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Buab and Larkln st». Swimming:, Russian, hot
and oold tub Laths. Salt-water direct from ocean.
Judging Others by Ourselves.
We. are generally inclined to suspect
the bright things other people Bay are
not original. —Truth.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
CALIFORNIANS
CONQUER THE
MULTNOMAHS
Fast Football Played
at Portland.
WEBFOOTS ARE SHUT OUT
TWENTY-SEVEN TO NOTHING
THE SCORE.
Battalion of Golden State Volunteers
Comes From Vancouver to
Cheer the Blue and
Gold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 26.—Mult
nomah put up her best game of foot
ball to-day and scored 0 to the Univer
sity of California's 27. This waa rather
more than the majority of the 5000 peo
ple who crowded Multnomah field came
to see, but they saw the best football,
ever played in Portland, so they got
their moneys worth.
The Oregonians played under their
own melancholy sky, and in their own
soggy, sticky mud. The former
dropped an occasional tear of sym
pathy on their brawny backs, and the
latter followed them about the field
and clung in confidence to their gar
ments. But such touching marks of
interest availed them nothing. They
were playing away out of their class,
and at no stage of the game did they
stand a chance to score.
A battalion of California volunteers —
sympathizers, of course, with the vis
iting team — came from Vancouver Bar
racks to "root" and remained to
scream. Multnomah's partisans were
in good voice, but their opportunities
were limited, and they were not much
heard from. The crowd covered every
available point of vantage inside the
field, packing the grandstand, standing
ten deep on the side lines and swarm
ing like flies on the east slope of the
field. Hundreds collected on the high
ground outside the field to enjoy the
sport as best they could without the
inconvenience of paying for it.
The uniforms of the nation's gallant
defenders on the side lines and the rib
bons of red and white and blue and
gold that fluttered from the feminine
devotees of the game, made the field
the gayest picture to be seen in all
Portland.
Forgive and Forget Win.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 26.— The semi-fir.als and
finals of the sixty-four-dog stake, which
were run off at Agricultural Park to-day,
attracted a large crowd. Forgive and
Forget, both owned by J. P. Thrift of San,
Francisco, won first and second money,
respectively.
Chico Loses at FootbalL
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.— The Sacra
mento High School football team won
from the Chico Hi^h School team here
to-day by a score of 16 to 5. It was a well
played and hard-fought game.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Melville and Nelly Hermann to Francis Tor
a 1a 1 ! 121 25 n by E?oo? f ,£ Btreet - m s of
Estate of , Edward B. Carr (insolvent), by D
W. Philbrlck. referee, to Charles L. Nlderost.
lot on a line of Frederick street, 82:3 W of
Stanyan. W 25 by S 100; also lot on W Una
25 by^w'llof , avenue . 32 S of Point Lobos. s
25 by W 120; $10.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Margaret
Busch. lot on E line of Cole street, 233:9 S of
Waller, S 25 by E 125; $10. '
Jeremiah T. O'Neil. Annie M. Regan and
Emellne A. Sweeney to Mary O'Neil, lot on SE
line of/ Mission street, 893:4 NE of Thirteenth
NE 69:6, SE 138:3. SW 68:3%, NW 139:10; also
lot on S corner of Howard and Harriet streets
SW 75 by SE 80; also lot on SE line of Tehama
street, 275 SW of Fourth, SW 75 by SE SO; also
lot on W corner of Crooks and Townsend
streets, SW 44, NW 60, SW 11:3, NW 17:6, NE
55:3, SE 77:6; also lot on W line of Arkansas
street, 50 N of Sierra, NW 100, W 100, S 100 E
100; also lot on W line of Arkansas street, ' 175
N of Sierra, N 75 by W 100; gift.
Mary O'Nell to J. T. O'Nell, Annie M. Regan
and Emellne A. Sweeney, same (8 descriptions);
gift. v
J. T. O'Nell, Annie M. Regan and Emellne
A. Sweeney to Mary O'Nell (widow), same (6
descriptions), life estate; gift.
Anna M. Qulnn to Henrietta Stubenrauch
(wife of V.), lot on S line of Liberty street,
152:6 W of Guerrero. W 30 by S 114; $10.
Ella Flee to Delia Flee, lot on W line of
Noe street, 22 N of Sixteenth, N 24 by W 85;
$10.
Payne Bolt Works to Noah Payne, lot on N
line of Twenty-sixth street, 53:4 E of Capp, E
£6:8 by N 65; $10.
George L. and Barbara M. Payne to same,
same; $10.
Charles S. Wleland to A. O. Wieland, lot on
N line of Eighteenth street, 45 W of Douglass,
W 46 by N 100; also lot on SW corner of Da
cotah and Am ado streets, SE 200; thence at
right angles 200. to E line of Wyoming, N 200,
E 200, lots 7 to 14. block 535, Salt Marsh and
Tide Lands; also lot on S line of Clementina
street, 250 SW of First, also 450 NW of ■ Fol
som, SW 25 by SE SO; also lot on SW corner of
Marquesas and Glla streets, 25 by 100; also
lot on SE corner of Potrero avenue and Chan
nel streets, S 38:5, W 100, N 68:6, NE, to be
ginning, lot 79, Silver Terrace Homestead; also
lot on E corner of Nebraska and 8 streets, NE
13, SE 96, W 31; thence 75, to beginning, lot
387, same; also property In Santa Clara Coun
ty; $10.
Thomas and Mary L. Brown (by E. B. Pond
and H. C. Campbell, trustees) to Alice Brown
1621 d 78, lot on S line of Bush street, 132:6 E
of Leaven worth, E 60:10 by S 137:6, trustees'
deed; $22,100.
George Fischer to Jacob Schoenfeld, lots 1239
to 1243, Gift Map 4; $125.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Louis Llt
slns, lot 1, block 6; lots 12, 13, block 12; lot 8,
block 25, Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
Ann Towns to W. R. Pease, lot on NW line
of Mission street, 50 NE of Tingley, NE 64, W
101:6. to SE line of ■ lot 154. Academy Tract;
thence along said line 9:6, E 75, lot 154, Acad
emy Tract; $10. . ;
Alameda County.
Maurice C. and Minnie Sieabuttel to George
Robinson, lot on S line of Nineteenth street, 2SS
W of Adeline, W 30 by S 111, being lot 52, sub
division Surryhne Tract, Oakland; $5.
James and Katie O'Reilly to Henrietta Stu
benrauch (wife of V.), lot on NE line of East
Ninth street, 100 8E of Third avenue, SE 60
by NE 100, block 7, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
James and Margaret A. Curley to Frank G.
Thompson, lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue,
S2 NE of East Sixteenth street, NE 40 SE
102:4. SW 17:6. NW 41:8, SW 22:6, NW 60:8, to
beginning, block 88, Clinton, to correct 667 d
315. East Oakland; $10.
Frank G. Thompson to George C. Mather,
same, subject to two mortgages; first for $1000
and second for $500, East Oakland; $10.
George C. Mather to Levingston Jenka, same.
East Oakland; $40.
Ann Moran to Henrietta Stubenrauch (wife
of V.). lot on E line of Fifth street. 146:2 N
of Delaware, N 100 by E 141, being lots 22 and
23. block 66, Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
Valentine and Henrietta Stuboarauch to C.
W. McAfee, lot on E line of Fifth street, 146:2
N of Delaware, N 60 by E 141. being lot 22
block 66, Tract of Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
Ola T. and Marie Olsen to W. H. Loomis
lot on SE line of Twenty-third avenue, 85 21
SW of East Twenty-third street, SW 25 by
SE 125. being lot 4, block C, subdivision Heald
Twenty-third Avenue Tract, quitclaim deed-
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Charles N. and Bertha A. Nelson to Ole T
Olsen, lot on SE line of Twenty-third avenue
60 21 SW of East Twenty-third street, SW 50
by SE 125, being lots 3 and 4. block C, same
quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township; $50.
A. Winberg to Charles N. Nelson and Ola T
Olsen, undivided H interest same, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Stewart and Sarah Henderson and the Bank
of California to San Francisco and Fresno
Land Company, lot on W line of Louisa street
237:6 S of Twenty-sixth, S 26 by W H5. being
6 H lot 16, block X, Northern Addition to Oak
land; $100; also lot SE corner of Kirkham and
Twenty-sixth streets S 29:6 by E 115, block X
same; $100; lot on w line of Union street, 210 6
N of Twenty-sixth, N 62 by W 230. being lots
5 and 15 block S, same, Oakland; $600.
F. Walter to Safety Mutual Building and
Loan Association, lot on S line of Railroad
avenue. 100 E of Verdi street, E 32 by S 125
being the W 32 feet of lot 42, Enclnal Park
Tract, Alaineda; fcilOO.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 26, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 9.57 15.48
Red Bluff 0.00 3. 51 6.08
Sacramento 0.00 3.72 4.38
San Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.52 1.89
San Luis Obispo 0.00 1.34 1.5S
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
San Diego 0.00 1.09 1.41
Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
52; minimum, 41; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure still continues cen
tral in Northern I'tah and Nevada, although
it has been falling siowly in that section, and
in fact throughout the entire region west of
the Rocky Mountains, during the past two or
three days. But the changes have been very
slight.
Fair weather continues throughout the
greater portion of California, while the, sky is
cloudy In the States to the northward." Light
rain has fallen during the pact twelve hours
in Washington and Northern Oregon.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather in Northern California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 27, IS9S:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
light northeasterly wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Tuesday; light variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamal pals— Clou fly: ■wind
northwest, U miles; temperature, 62; maxi
mum, 56. W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN LJVE STOCK MARKET.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 26.— CATTLE—
3220. Market 10c higher. Medium steers, $4 40
@5 10; light weights, U 25@5; Btockers and
feeders. $3 25@4 25 butcher cows and heifers,
$2 65® 4 25: Western steers, ?3 25@4 60; Texas
steers, $3 60®4 60; Texas- butchers' cows, ?2 70(g>
8 25; canning stock, $2@2 65.
HOGS— Receipts 4210. Strong demand from lo
cal packers advanced prices 5c again to-day.
Heavies, $3 4S@4 «0; mixed, $3 35@8 50; lights,
$3 15(^3 50.
SHEEP— official, 775. The supply
was too light to Interest all the buyers, but
trading was fairly active at steady prices.
Lambs, Js@s 50: muttons. $3 05@4 60: feeding
lambs. $3 So@4 20; feeding sheep, $3 25@3 75;
stockers and feeders. J2 25@3 50.
SPANISH BONDS QUOTATIONS.
PARIS, Dec. 28.— Spanish 4's closed at 45.97 H.
MADRID, Dec. L' 6. — Spanish 4" s closed to-day
at 59.75.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
Washington.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 26.— Wheat: Club, E9o;
blue stem, 62@63c.
TUX CALLS CALENDAR.
December. 1828.
Tu.
Mom'<i Phases.
,rzrL:vti Quarter,
y»L December 6.
3
■
7
"IT
w
9 I
jj-Hv New Moon.
vp December 18.
-j^ First Quartor,
.y December 19.
©Full Moon, i
December 71.
l'J
n
24
81
37
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can alwayß be obtained regarijlng
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
T,leuti»nant. U. S. N.. in eharsre.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlesion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY". DECEMBER 27.
Sun rises .7:24
Sun sets 4:58
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
Ft.
27 ...
2S ...
29 ...
30 ...
31 ...
0:18
4.i
4.
4:13 3.3
4:56 3.3
t:3B 3.2
fc:24 3.1
7:12, 3.1
H W
' 10:17
| 10:53
! 11:32
12:13
8.1
5:341 — O.S
6:07] — 0.7
6:401—0.5
7:11-0.2
7:41| 0.2
l:SO !
2:01'
1:81 1
4.6
I 4.7
5.1
4.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order oi' occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slfrn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1b thf m^an of the lower low waters.
STEAMKKS TO ARRIVE.
.lllance
lllance :Oregon Ports
ate California! Portland
'yefleld iXanalmo
'ashtenaw iTacoma
el Norte (TUlamook
inta Rosa San Diego
ulna China and Japan
rcata Coos Bay
?ntennlal Seattle
omona Humboldt
matllla Victoria & Puget Sound
'eeott Yaquina Bay
loha Point Arena
3os Bay Newport ,
ackinaw Taeoma
olnt Arena.... Point Arena
orth Fork Humboldt
capulco Panama
">rona 'San Diego
ilumbia (Portland
nas. Nelson... jPuget Sound
ueen |Vlc-toria & Puget Sound
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Deo. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 28
fDec. 28
Dec. 2S
Dec. 23
Dec. 29
Dec. 29
Dec. 29
Dec. 30
Dec. SO
Dec. 81
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Jan. 2
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
rizaba Newport [Dec. 27, 9 am Pier '.
/alia Wall! Vic & Pfrt Sd.lDec. 27, 10 am Pier
hllkat ....|Humboldt ....|Dec. 27. 2 pm|Pler :
lty Para.. i Panama Dec. 28, 12 miPMSS
lameda ...[Sydney [Dec. 28, 10 pmiPier
lliance ...[Oregon Ports. |Dec. 28, 10 amlPler i
tate of Cal|Portland Dec. 29, 10 am Pier :
anta RosaiSan Dleso Dec. 29, 11 amjPier ',
rcata (Cons Bay Dec. 29, 10 am Pier '.
i'eeott Yaquinaßay. Dec. 29, 10 amlPler :
loha Point Arena.. Dec. 29, 3 pm Pier
lgnal Grays Harbor' Dee. 30
oos Bay... (Newport Dec. 31, 9 am Pier !
t. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 31, 3 pm'Pler
matllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 1, 10 ami Pier
nlumhla ..'Portland Jan. 3, 10 am Pier :
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 26.
Etmr China, Seabury, 26 days 9 hours fram
Hongkong via Yokohama 15 days 19 hours and
Honolulu 5 days 23 hours.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, 80 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Chllkat, . Anderson. 26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 86 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqulst, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 18 days
from Comox.
Ship Louis Waleh, Gammons, 16 days from
Tacoma.
British ship Andrada, Adams, 148 days from
Antwerp.
Ita! ship Francesco Ctampa, Caflero, 126 days
from Swansea.
Schr Five Bros.. Jensen, S days from Phelps
Landing.
Schr Vega, Rarmussen, 12 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson. IS days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen, 12 days from Port
Schr Rio Rey, Snipper, 40 hours from Fisks
Mill.
Schr Bender Bros., Wetzel, 60 hours from
Roweni Landing.
SAILED.
Monday, December 26.
Stmr Wolcot, Crocket,
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund,
Stmr Progreso, Oilboy, Seattle.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, 22 houra from Eureka.
Stmr Mineola, David, Tacoma.
Br ship Madagascar, Slade, Queenstown.
Bark Gatherer, Stokkobye, Tacoma.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 26. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northeast; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. " "
Dec. , 22— Latitude 35 16 north, ; longitude 124
55 west, achr Ethel Zane, from Olypia for San
Pedro. •■; ; '-, , :■;.■■ . -C-;>
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec. 26—Ha
waiian stmr San Mateo, from Comox. and re
ports at 2:14 p. m., Dec. 25, latitude 34.15 north,
I with broken shaft. Weather moderate at that
i time. Stmr Alcazar left here at 1 a. m. this
! morning to tow • stmr Alcatraz to Newport. • -
Stmr Lakme, from Tacoma for San Pedro,
put into Astoria Dec. 26, with cargo of lime
on fire; attempt being made to smother fire
with b-team.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec. 22-Stmr Al Kl. for
Dyea.
PORT LOS ANGLES— Arrived Dec. Ha
waiian- stmr San Mateo, from Comox.
Sailed Dec. 26— Stmr Alcazar, for Newport.
! SAN PEDRO— Dec. Schr Chal
; lenge, from Clakeley; stmr Brunswick, from
Eureka; stmr Sequoia, from Fort Bragg; schr
Corona, from Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Dec. 25— Fr -bark
Colbert, from Tacoma for Queenstown.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Dec. Ship
Hecla, from Vancouver for Sydney.
SAN PEDRO— Dec. 22— Schr Louis*.
for Umpqua.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dec. 26— Ship Spartan, for
San Francisco. --;,-.
YAQUINA BAY— Dec. 25— Stmr Weeott.
I for Coos Bay.
EUREKA— Arrived Dee. ri— ~a,r ~."r.»t,
I hence Dec. 22. Sailed Dec. 25 at 4 p. m., for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec. * 26— Stmr City of
Topeka, from Dyea. -
NEWPORT— Dec. Stmr Westport,
from Eureka.
Sailed Dec. Stmr Westport, for
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec. 26— Schr Roy Som
ers. for Port Townsend.
. Arrived Dec. Schr Twilight, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Dec. 26-Ship
Eclipse, from Port Gamble for Algoa Bay.
ASTORIA— i Dec. 26— Stmr Columbia,
hence Dec. 24. Stmr Lakme, from Tacoma for
San Pedro. "
FOREIGN PORTS.
HOXOLtXU— Arrived Dec. 15— Stmr City of
Columbia, from Hile.
Sailed Dec. 15— Ship Occidental, for Port
Angeles.
Fanning Island.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo. 26— Stmr Manltou.
from London: stmr Patria, from Marseilles;
stmr Anchoria, from Glasgow; etmr Georarlo,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Den. 2?— Stmr Cuflc, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN-Anrived Dec. 2&-Stmr Ceph
alonta, frnm Boston.
PHILADELPHIA-Arrlved Dec. 2«-Stmr
Rnsnland, from Queenstown
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec. J6-Stmr I'm
bria. from New York.
Sailed Dec. 26— Stmr Nomadic, for New York.
y^^^ Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
/^S^t^ KEAKSf Y ST. Established
BW*Jf*^Sij| in 1854 for the treatment of
i^OKEARNYKT. Establlsbed
►ft in 1854 for the treatment of Private
*2L4lfclsiSr IMseusi's, Lost Manhood. Debility or
6sra»»«s\« disease wearing on body and Mind
"wswUh Skin D!l « ' > I'hedoclorcuresvvheii
■Bothers fall. Try him. Charges low
4»SaiasiiaE3ii J'urpacuarantcfd. Callorwrlta
Pr. J. L*. «IBI!O.\, Box 1937. 5 an Fianciaca
J^__ OCEAN TRAVEL. V
PSJ Hi - The S. S. ALAMKDA
!! '' lUs vla Honolulu and
IT 16 Auckland for Sydney
3 -^T^ Thursday. December
St^rnSflinc) " J ' S&^- Australia
/«SmL sall! for Honolulu
(O[|lßfllCH* i e ? n ? sday ', January
V 2 puiwq 11, 1899. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. - *-■?■■ -. -- ■ ■■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
. ■ 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
bk. Steamers leave Broadway
, IvW^ wharf, San Francisco:
tSffvrtsg^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
BKTI^ Dec. 2, 7. 12. 17. 21. 27. Jan. 1.
i IK nEIXEIk change at Seattle.
HBK.'aPi \%% For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
B0B£a«;^m1 O. Port Townsend. Seattla.
Tecoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
t 10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7, 12. 17, 21,
*7 Jan L and every fifth day thereafter.
charge at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.. at Tacomm to N. P.
p. -» Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I. p. m.. Dec
6 10, 15. 20. 25. »0, Jan. *• and ever fifth day
1 For* Santa Cms. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara Ventura, Hueneme
Pan, Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport aT m.. Dec. 8. 7 11. 15. 19 28. 27, 31.
Jan. 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, (stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. -Fort
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
in Dec. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25, 29, Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter. ;
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 17, Jan.
11.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
Without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar * v iit-Q n f Fa'llnsr
ffICKKT OrnOE-4 New Montgomery
street iFalacc Hotel).
■ GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *12 F rst * las« IncluJi-g Berths
lAnt S8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA P.-ills Dec. 14, J4
STATE OF CAL. sails Dec. 9. 19 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS -—._
(FRANCE).. Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North JmHM»
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Dec 31
LA GASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan 21
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 28
First-class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 8 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. Ppn Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs')'
Fridaye 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and t p. o.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1508.
BAILBOAJJ TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Co'ruYactihg Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angelas at i'<
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
■ ■ • •.-■.- . _____ '■
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tho
following: Thursday, Saturda '
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — KB MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 16SL
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street
Sib Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, IMS, trains will run as followi:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday: ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. jExc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmj 5:50 pm
10:10 am, 1 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:3o am 2:32pm
12:3Spm i 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:2opm'l2:3nam Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:58 pm; S :sopm Visalia 6:4oam| 1:13 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
"'. SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£* AT £*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
: . 327 Sixth Street,
;. TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY, DEC. 28. AT 11 A. M.
By order of Mayor Phelan
We will sell a lot of Fire Department horses,
also a lot of Buggies. Wagons. Harness, etc
BULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
BAILSCAD TRAVEL.
SOUTJIKIIN l>«4 IFir t'OJIPANT.
(rAciric STKTJUtO
Trnlttn leitvtt >«■■<! iui> <lv« In nrrlie a»
NAN t'U.iXCIMO.
(Main Line,- Foot of Market Street)
tKATS — Fro* Deo. 18, 1398. — aekivb
•S:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *S:4sa
7:00 a Beuicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 3:43p
. 7:00 a MarysYille, OrotlUeand Redding ?ia
Woodland 3:43p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville and Rum soy 8:45p
, 7:8Oa Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
liall«tog*i>n<ljSr>r" t»— .. ***?Z*
rrri_ A r»..TTT ".TijircM, «»j!'ieii ana HastV. H:i.">p
B>t'JOA San June, Liveruiore, Htocktoti,
lone, Sacramento, Plac-rviile.
MaryiTllle, C'hioo, Iteti Itintf 4il»p
8:30 a 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown ... 4:13p
•:00a. Martinez, Trtcy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced end fc'retmo 12<13i
•:00a Fresiio, UakersHelil. Santa lUrbara.
Los Angeles, Oeruing, El Paso,
New Orleans and East... 6:4.1?
10:00 a VaUejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7:45i>
. 1X:00k Ktlt-B, Li»ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, vlsalla,
Pcrterrille .-: 4:13p
, *l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Stemners ..... *S:OOp
' 4 ■ OOp Martinez, Sail Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Santa K05a...... 0:11)*
4:00p Benida, Vaoa»Ule, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysville, Oro»llle 10:45 a
4 :30p Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
3:oopSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakerstield. Los
Angelas 0:43 1
5:30f Stockton. Merced, Fresno l*il»»
5:8 op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa Barbara and Los
Angles »:«!»A
I[3i3op Pnciflc Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, • Little Rook, Bt.
Louis, Chicago and East ffl:43p
6iSop Santa K. Itonle Atlantic l".ipre»«
•.. . for Mojktk ami Kast 6:43p
! 6:00p ICuropeuu Mall, iigilen aud Rust 0:45 ■
0:00p Hayirards, Xttvt and San Jose ; 7:43 a
•«:00i- Va11ej0.............. l*tl(lp
♦7:00 Vallejo, Port Costa and War Sta.
ti'.ns }»«<»»
. SiOUp Oregon H«|irKiui,H»priii»ieiirii. Marys-
»lll«i. ItvMtiiC rortlautl, I'nget
S,. lail.l Kant 8:13*
alO:01p Sumet Limited. Fresno. I.os
An^;ole^.Kl Paso, New Orleans
ati't Emit • M:43r
SAN I.KA.MUU) A> n IV ll»YWUtl»s MH'AIj.
' •":-' (Koot of Market Street.)
1 ilelro<t«, Nrmliiiirj l';irk, f
. ■1:00 a UlrlihurK, Klniliurnf, , . 6:15*
. iU:OOa San.lifmntro, Sniilh San (*»:4»a
lO.OOa l.pan.lrn. K«tmliilo, 10:45 a
tll:OOA •  - l,orfn*o, Cherry \ 12:45p
, »><Op H ,|,| • tl:4.tp
SiOOp ■ HarirnnU 13:43p
■7ti»»r i Buu. through t^ Rita. *»
. : ••' J t From Nlles. . ' I
•COAST l»l VISION (Narrow (unite).
•-', (Foot of Market Street.i ■ '
8:13 a Newark, Ont.-rvlUf. San
:-Vi Boulder Creek. HautaOruzatid Way ' .
Stations S:SO»
•2xl Newark, Conterriile, San Jose, New
' Alnuden, Filton, HouMer Oreek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations '10:50*
4:l»p Newark. Han Jose and Los Hatoa... S O:2Oa
fllt43p Hti' ters' Excursion, San Jose and
_; Way BtaMons..... !?:20>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSIN FRMCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:0ua.m. Jl:flO '2:30 {3:00
' •1:03 " tB:OO *6:SOp.«.
frsmOilUKD— Fool of Broad wij.— -(1:00 8:00 10:O0a.H.
112:00 *1:00 J2:00 *3:CO $1:00 *3:00r.H.
COAST HI VISION ltnia<M«nngo).
(Third iti.J Townseml St .) _
7:OOa San .)••.-.■ ami Way Stni-i..ii.s (New "
Aliuadsti Wednesdays only) I:30r.
9:00 a Kan Jonu. Tim llum. Si.iit.i Una,
Parilic <<rc)ve, Paw Rubles, Him ' •
1.. M Ol.i»iiii. Guadalutie, Surf and
Vrinciiial Way Stations 4»I»r
lO:4Aa 81111 .lohb ami Way Stations »«:O0»
I1:3Oa San Jose ami Way station* 8:33 a
•ai-15rSiiii Hateu, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San . I use,
Hilroy, Hollister, Santa Cm/.,
Salinas, Mumeiry and I'acilic
flroTo..: . . ... «l<l:38»
•:»:rt«|. Han and Way Stations «»:OOa
MtlSr San.Tosean.l Principal Way Rtatlom tf:4^A
•."i:«Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0::15 a
Kaii.TiMeainl Principal Way Stations 3:3<»l»
O::t«i> San Jo»«au4 WaySUtions 7tf»r
tll;4i.lp San Jose and Way Stations ...: <;»Or
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
• Sundays eiceiifeil. J Sundays only. ' Satuplaynonly
HMondaysaml Thursday*. nTn^adays and Saturdays.
|Ssturdny<ajidW.-.l.)^»day«. bThurndays and Sundays
The r'ACiiii'Tie.tMitriviccourANir
■7n call for ami check baggage from hotels and resi-
dences. Enquire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
otl<-r M- r».«M«n
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RL CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. •
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, s:ip, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. *
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Game schedule as above.
Leave Arrive '
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.'
October 16, :: — —
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- I Week :
Days. [ days. Destination. days. | Days. i
7:30 ami 8:00 am( Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 an-/ Petaluma, ■ 6:lopm 10:85 am,
6.lopmi s:oopn»| Santa Rosa, 7:Sspm| 6:22pm
j Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:3opm S:ooam Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am] Uklah. 7:35pm 6:22 pnv
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm . ■ ■ -
S:3opmj - j 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam'
. . ■ -'i ■■. and • ■
*6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. | 6:lopm 6:22pm,
7:3o am| 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3opm s:Copm, . | 7:35 pm 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.-
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport .and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, -
John ■ Day's. - Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville Orr'a
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, ,'Wlllltts. Laytonville. Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced "rates. -
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. ■ . ■ . Gen. : Pass. Agent.
lIORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FKA.NtIteLU TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, »S:3O, 11:00 a. m. ; •1:45,
1:45, 5:16, "6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays, '
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •SjOO, 10:00, »ll:30 a. m. ; '1:15,
8:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:2;, '6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m. :
•12:20. 2:20, *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«: 20. *8:00, »10:00, •11:55 a. m.j
•1:15, »3:10, 4:40. '6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • Mart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45. 7:56, 9:40 a. m. :
12:85. 2:45, 3.50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:06. 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and w«iy
stations.
8:80 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mill* and way sta'i.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B :oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco. i8
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NEVER WAS
MORE TRADE
IN OAKLAND
Merchants See a New
Era at Hand.
BEST CHRISTMAS IN YEARS
STREETCAR EMPLOYES SOME
WHAT ANXIOUS.
Enough Poor People Could Not Be
Found to Eat Up the Sump
tuous Salvation Army
Dinner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 26.
A canvass of the opinions of the lead-
Ing local merchants shows that so far as
Oakland Js concerned times are prosper
ous—that is to say, the people who repre
ss it the bone and sinew of the commun
ity have spent money liberally, which
they could not have done had they not
an opportunity to earn it. Nearly all are
agreed that more trade has been done
during the past month than during any
mber in the commercial history of
the city. For years the local merchants
have been attempting to keep In Oakland
tli" immense volume of trade that has
gone to San Francisco, especially at holi
day times. They now claim to have sue
■!. and assert that this has been the
best Christmas they have ever known.
To-day wae really the Christmas fes
tival rather than yesterday. .Most of the
Btores were open till noon, and so great
■was the demand lor holiday goods that
many large, places of business were act
ually short of stuck.
i >!!•■ (if the prominent features of the
day was the free dinner given by the
Salvation Army at its barracks in the old
People's Theater. Here again was evi
that times are a lohr way from
being hard, for a sufficient number of i • -
.Id not be found to eat up the boun
tiful supply spread on the long tables.
Hundreds after hundreds were seated and
filled, but when the last hungry person
that could be reached In Oakland had
a a hearty Christmas dinner there
waa still sum. left. Adjutant and Mrs.
Fynn were in charge, and over a score of
the cadets and sisters waited at the
tables. It was a very practical manner
in which to celebrate the occasion, and if
those who made the banquet possible had
•lie supreme satisfaction with which
their generosity was accepted they would
have felt fully repaid.
Every person in the employ of the
"Wills- i\iif_''i Company received a present
turkey, with all the necessary vege
tables and. fruit to complete the dinner,
in accordance with a custom started years
ago.
H"ine anxiety is being expressed among
the electric car employes on the Berkeley
branch of the syndicate's system. For
some years all the employes of the Berke
ley road— the largest of any— have re
ceived a present of a day's pay on New
Year's day. This was started while Re
r-elect <;rim, whom the carmen re
cently elected, was superintendent <",f the
road. The Berkeley line is now part of
the syndicate, and the employes of that
line are wondering whether the gift will
be continued. As there cannot be any
mlnation, the present will have to be
given to the entire 700 employes of the
syndicate or to none, and hence the curi
osity.
Death of an Alameda Pioneer.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 26.— Mrs. Jane Barlow,
relict of the late H. S. Barlow, died lust
night at her home in the Loyal Oak Ho
tel. Dec< tsed was a pioneer resident of
this city. Shf> came here with her hus
band in IS.-,!', when Alameda was nothing
but a wilderness. The couple engaged in
farming in West Alameda for a number
irs. Later they built the Loyal Oak
Hotel, one of the finest hostelries in this
city. Mrs. Barlow was a woman of char
itable instincts, and many a hungry and
penniless man has testified to her good
ness. It is said that during the thirty odd
years she was in the hotel business she
never refused a man a meal or a place
to sleep because he was without funds.
Deceased loaves four eh. uren— Albert
Barlow, manager of the People's Express
Company; David Barlow of Sacramento,
Mrs. Mary Wallace and Mrs. E. C.
Krauth.
Reliance Football Team Defeated.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 26.-The Alameda
High School tram defeated the heavy
weight Reliance aggregation this after
noon in a rattling good game of football.
The score was 6 to 0. Extremely rough
work characterized the play from the
start, and before the finish three of the
Reliance men had been retired on ac
count of injuries. In point of weight the
Alameda players were not in it with the
Reliance men, but what the home team
lacked in weight it made up in agility
The feature of the game was the work
of Goldsworthy of the Alamedas. Pugh
of the Reliance was severely injured dur
ing the first half of the game, and had
to be carried home.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Dec. 26.— Detective Denny
Holland received an appropriate Christ
man present in the way of a silver star,
presented at a banquet, over which
Colonel Thomas Garrity presided. Among
the jovial spirits present were Sheriff
elect Rogers, Louis Schoenan. Charles
Butler, James Landregan, Robert Boyer
Detective W. B. Qutgley, Robert Mitchell
Henry Boyer. John Marcovich and Sen
ator-elect Frank Leavitt.
Jacob Qoodsell died at his home, 52G
T. i.praph avenue last night, after a pro
tracted illnes*. He was 63 years old, a
native of Germany, and leaves a widow
find two daughters— Dorothy Goodsell, the
■lnger, and Virginia Goodsell, the actress
There are now eighteen stained glass
windows In the Church of the Advent,
East Oakland, the last two being put in
by J. J. Valentine and Mr. Langley of San
Francisco. The completion of the work
wa? celebrated In conjunction with the
Christmas services.
Merchants on San Pablo avenue
between Fourteenth and Seventeenth
streets, have filed a vigorous protest
against the ordinance requiring all
wooden awnings to b»> removed, as passed
by the City Council last week.
The first consignment of liquor through
the custom house of this city has just
been received, and Thomas Gier, the con
signee, is gratified over the fact that Oak
land is now a port of entry.
A farewell testimonial concert to Alfred
TMikle. the well-known tenor, will be
given at the First Presbyterian Church
on Friday evening, January II
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 26. — The musical
Hubs of the University of California con
gating of the Glee, Mandolin. Hanjo and"
Guitar clubs, left Berkeley to-day for
their vacation tour through "the southern
part of the State.
The Board. of Repents of th*> T'niversitv
of California will bold their lust meeting
for this year in th.- Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art. San Francisco, to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The list of stu
dents recommenced fur graduation at the
<lose of the present term will be voted
upon md their degrees ordered con
ferred.
A successful Christmas tree for the
children of the West End was
given this afternoon at the res
idence of Mrs. James Bunnell on
Dwight way. The little ones were brought
from West Berkeley in buses, and each
wiis made nappy with some little Christ
mas gift. The affair was given by ladies
of the Berkeley Town and Gown Club.
The physical laboratory in the base
ment of South Hall, on the university
campus. Is btlng remodeled and equipped
for advanced work in physics. It will be
used hereafter by students in the higher
branches of the subject. The freshman
laboratory has been been moved to East
Hall. \
A MATRON IN
THE CLUTCHES
OF A MANIAC
Hattie McDonald Has
a Narrow Escape.
ATTACKED BY MRS. A. HOLTON
DESPERATE STRUGGLE WITH AN
INSANE WOMAN.
A Christmas Murder Very Narrowly
Averted at the Receiving
Hospital in Oak
land.
Oakland Offloe San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 26.
Mrs. Ada Holton, the insane woman
who fears that she will be poisoned, made
a murderous attack upon Miss Hattie
McDonald, matron of the Receiving Hos
pital, last night, and though every ef
fort was made to keep the affair quiet,
it leaked out this morning.
That Miss McDonald was not murdered
is due to the quick perception of Mrs.
"William Moran, who is attending her dy
ing husband, and the prompt action of
Steward J. D. Tobin.
Miss McDonald had served the Insane
woman with her supper, and it was when
she returned to remove the dishes that
Mrs. Holton made the murderous attack,
the particulars of which are perhaps .
best related by Miss McDonald herself.
She says:
"I had no more than entered Mrs. Hol
ton's room, in the Insane ward, when she
pushed shut the door. You cannot open
the door from the inside. Then she
grabbed a piece of crockery and struck
me over tho head with it. I screamed
and fell to the floor, and was trying to
reach the door to kick it and in that
way summon help; but Mrs. Holton had
one hand on my throat and the other on
my leg. Presently I was exhausted, but
I could see her listening to my breath.
Then I made a last effort suddenly and
threw her off, but I was soon in her
grasp again. 1 gave up. I knew no more
until I regained consciousness in my
room."
Fortunately Mrs. Moran heard a groan, I
and hastened to Steward Tobin, whose
attentions were occupied with Patrick
Donovan, who was lying on the operating
table. Tobin, in company with William
Mackay. a visitor, went to Mrs. Holton's
room. They broke open the door and
found both women on the floor, their
clothes torn in shreds, handfuls of hair
strewn about, and Mrs. Holton amusing
herself by beating the matron's face I
against the floor. Mrs. Holton was soon
overpowered, and her unconscious victim
was carried to tier room. As they car
ried Miss McDonald out Mrs. "Holton
tried* to steal the keys out of the stew
ard's pocket.
The injured matron did not regain con
sciousness until nearly an hour later. Her
fair complexion had been changed to one
of dark blue hue. her eyes were swollen
shut, her body was badly bruised, her
throat scratched, and huge patches of her
formerly abundant hair were missing. She
was able to be up this afternoon.
"I asked Mrs. Holton why she had I
A CHRISTAMS TREE
WITH LAMPS OF SKULLS
T^e Vision That Appeared to a Demonstrator
of Anatomy at .Midnight.
IT was 12 o'clock last Saturday night
when Dr. W. O. Wllcox climbed the
stairs of 21 Powell street to go to
his room. It was just the time -vhen
graveyards yawn and give forth their
dead; but the doctor had no reason to
fjuppcse the spirits of the air would
1 aunt him in the privacy of his own
chamber, so h« opened the door with
out hesitation and stepped inside.
There was no need of striking a
light. The room was illuminated by a
score of prim and ghastly lamps, that
clung to the green bangles of a Christ
mas tree standing upon a table. They
wore skulls, and the eyeless sockets
flashed fire from within as they nodded
their grisly heads to the swaying of
the branches.
On the table under the bone-fruited
tree were some of the doctor's dissect
ing knives, gleaming balefully in the
eye light from the skulls. There were
crossed shinbones lying on the black
tablecloth, white as the symbol of
death on a pirate's ensign, and more
skulls— evidently windfalls from the
boughs above. Between the jaws of one
of these was a half-smoked cigarette,
which the grinning head seemed to be
thoroughly enjoying.
There were skeletons of hands, feet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, IS9B.
committed this rash act," said Steward
Tobin. "and she told me that she thought
Miss McDonald wanted to kill her."
By way of spiritually alleviating the
badly beaten matron. Keeper of Insane
William Keating stated that he had fre
quently warned Miss McDonald not to
enter the room of insane wards alone. It
happened to be Mr. Keating's day off,
and he was enjoying his Christmas at the
Cliff House, while Steward Tobin had
all he could attend to, and therefore the
matron, not wishing to disturb the stew
ard, went to the ward alone to her sor
row; for aside from her personal injuries
a fine dress, her jewelry and a pair of
$10 gold spectacles cut a figure in the
damage.
Mrs. Holton will be examined by the
Lunacy Commissioners to-morrow, and
there is little question but that she will
be committed to an insane asylum, for it
is said that on one occasion she also at
tempted to murder her husband with a
flatiron.
« — . —
Sues to Avoid a Contract.
OAKLAND. Dec. 26.— F. W. Byrod has
brought suit against Attorney Darwin de
Golia to have set aside a contract whereby
plaintiff conveyed to defendant his in
terest in the estate of Sarah B. Byrod,
who died here nearly two months ago.
The. conveyance, was made so that De
Golia could have full power to act in the
probate of the estate and recover several
thousand dollars bequeathed by will to
the Home of Truth and members of that
institution. It appears that the bequests
were illegal, since under the law Mrs.
Byrod could not bequeath more than a
third of her estate to the Home of Iruth,
leaving F. "W. Bvrod, the only heir, enti
tled to two-third's without contest. Now
Byrod is dissatisfied with his agreement
with Attorney de Golia and sues to have
the contract annulled.
DONOVAN'S DEATH IS
TO BE INVESTIGATED
HIS CHRISTMAS CELEBRATION
PROVED FATAL.
Sustained Paralysis of the Brain by
a Fall, Though Some Believe
Otherwise.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 26.
Patrick Donovan, who fell and str .<.
his head against a beer barrel at Con
Mahoney's saloon on lower Broadway last
Saturday night, sustaining complete pa
ralysis of the brain, died at the Receiv
ing Hospital shortly after 2 o'clock this
morning. The police are inclined to look
upon the case with some suspicion, and
regard it as mysterious, and the death
Is being Investigated by detectives. Mon -
over, an autopsy on the man's remains,
now at the morgue, will be conducted to
morrow morning by Drs. Buteau and
Kane, and to-morrow night the Inquest
will be held.
It Is the opinion of the doctors that
death was caused by a blow upon the
head. However, Mahoney states that
Donovan had been drinking considerably
in his saloon Saturday night, that he went
to sleep in a chair, and when he awoke
and tried to rise he fell against the beer
barrel. Donovan's nose bled, and Maho
ney helped him back to the chair, and
when midnight, closing time, arrived, Ma
honey helped the injured man through the
door. After putting out the lights and
locking up the saloon-keeper found Dono
van lying just outside the door, where the
police afterward picked him up and car
ried him to the City Prison. Sunday
morning the police became alarmed at
finding the man still unconscious and re
moved him to the Receiving Hospital.
The dead man was 65 years of age and
a bachelor. He lived near the Hermitage,
and has a sister residing .it Fruitvale.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA,, Dec. 26.— Mrs. Emeline
Richardson died this morning at the home
of her daughter. Mrs. H. Kruger. corner
(Jranfl street and Railroad avenue. De
ed was a native of New l ork. aged
M years. The remains will be shipped to
Roseburg, Or., the former home of the
deceased.
and other parts of the human bony
building, mingled with the steel im
plements of surgical craft, and to
many of these objects of cub-medico
humor were attached cards bearing
inscriptions as appropriate as witty
By means of one of these inscrip
tions one skull complained bitterly of
the unusually long time between
drinks. Another, whose way in this
world had probably strayed from the
straight and narrow path, demanded
POINTS THAT
PERPLEX THE
POLITICIANS
Each Faction Waiting
for Its Neighbor.
DOW'S ELECTION CERTAIN
MILLER MAY RUN FOR CITY EN
GINEER.
M. J. Keller May Be the Republican
Candidate to Head the Ticket
Useless Council Am
bitions
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec 26.
This Is a period of marked temporizing
and uncertainty among those who would
make the city politics in the spring cam
paign. All seem anxious to go ahead and
make an active Initial effort to carry the
works, but each is waiting for the other,
consequently no faction Is making much
headway. There are some new factors
io be considered In the political puzzle
of this campaign. In addition to the
water rate business, which Is a stand-by,
there are other things that must certain
ly figure in one way or another In the va
rious platforms.
Foremost in current questions Is that of
acquiring parks for the city. This matter
alone could be. made the weapon to de
stroy any ticket nominated" on a platform
providing for parks should the idea go
out that the desired improvement is
merely a real estate deal. The Municipal
League has already taken a very definite
stand on this subject, but In a general
manner, although it is known to favor
the acquisition of Adams Point by the
city. Should it be seen that this move is
unpopular some other faction would make
capital by taking an opposite view. Parks
may, therefore, be considered as one of
the issues of the campaign.
The sale of the City Hall site may also
become a campaign matter. As it
is freely admitted that Oakland
needs a decent City Hall, and
there is no necessity to submit
the matter to the people, it Is but natural
that the voter should want to know how
the candidates for the Council stand in
regard to that $600,000 transaction.
Permanent street improvements is an
other subject that will have to be squarely
met by the platforms. The improvement
of East Twelfth street at a cost of $75,
000 has aroused interest in the permanent
improvement of San Pablo and Tele
graph avenues and also in the extension
of one solid concrete street to West Oak
land. No doubt all the platforms will de
clare for improvements in general terms,
but as in the matter of parks details are
expected. As soon as details are touched
upon sectional feeling arises and the poli
ticians' troubles increase.
It is tolerably certain that City Attor
ney Dow wil succeeed himself. He will
be nominated by the Municipal League
and also the Republicans, and this will
Insure his election. M. K. Miller. whose re
cord as Superintendent of Streets has been
generally commended by the Merchants'
Exchange, is anxious to be City Engineer.
The place is now held by a Democrat,
and although Mr. Miller will have oppo
sition for the nomination he will proba
bly win out.
Alayor Thomas will not succeed him
self, and there is little probability of the
Ice and steam beer, while the head of
a child declared it had been the victim
of a mother's neglect.
Dr. "Wllcox is a demonstrator of
anatomy in one of the colleges, and al
though the students of his class de
clare they never would do such a thing
as desecrate a Christmas tree with
the products of the grave, still the
doctor is looking among them for the
one who planned his pleasant Christ
mas surprise.
Municipal League and the Republicans
agreeing on the same man. The League
will probably nominate John W. Towle
or Auditor Snow. The Republicans are
anxious to put up a man who is not a
chronic office-seeker and who is not stale
in the public mind. A business man who
hass done something legitimate to advance
the best interests of the city is preferable
to a politician. Interest at present cen
ters about M. J. Keller, ex-president of
the Board of Trade. He has been promi
nently identified in all kinds of improve
ments; has toiilt up the largest individ
ual establishment on this side of the bay,
and has made a fortune attending to his
business. Mr. Keller has already been
approached on the proposition, but al
though not very positive he conveys the
idea that he would like the honor, if he
did not have to stultify himself in obtain
ing it.
Nearly all of the Councilmen are can
didates for re-election, but it is not at
all likely that there will be a "solid six"
for the next two years.
Leavitt's Water Front Bill.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26. — Senator-elect
Frank Leavitt's water front bill, just
completed, provides for the appointment
by the Governor of three Harbor Com
missioners at a salary of $125 per month,
a secretary at $70 per month, a chief
wharfinger, chief engineer, collector, etc.
The duties of the commission will be to
build wharves, docks and warehouses,
collect tolls, revenues and dockage, and
the entire water front from Berkeley to
Sessions' Basin will be in their hands.
The bill is to take effect immediately
upon Its passage; and another measure,
appropriating $250,000 for the Oakland
harbor fund, is to be introduced.
Major Pico's Claim.
OAKLAND Dec. 26.— A bill has again
been prepared for presentation to the next
State Legislature authorizing the pay
merit of $slll 15 to Major Jose Ramon Pico
for that amount laid out and expended by
him during the spring of 1563 in or
ganizing four companies of the First Bat
talion, California Native Volunteers, for
service in the Union army during the civil
war. Major Pico is now 72 years old, and
his claim has been passed by three suc
cessive Legislatures.
Killed at Stege.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— An unknown man
was run over and killed -by a train near
Stege Station some time during last night,
and the case was not reported here until
to-night. Deceased wore CTue overalls, a
calico shirt and a dark coat and vest. In
his pocket a large brass key was found.
He had blue eyes, a gray mustache, and
was partly bald. An inquest will be held
at Martinez to-morrow afternoon.
OLD GINGER FINGERS.
By That Name Did an Artilleryman
Address Meade at Gettysburg.
"The artillery fire at Gettysburg,"
said a gunner of the old war, "was
simply magnificent. I was in an Ohio
battery, posted on Cemetery Hill. We
were running short of ammunition,
when General Meade, dismissing his
staff below, rode with a single orderly
to our exposed position. The boys were
all at white heat and in a state of
frenzy because the ammunition called
for had not come. They heard the
quiet man on horseback say repeatedly
to the captain that the hill must be
held at all hazards, ammunition or no
ammunition. This vexed them, but they
knew that the officer, whoever he was,
spoke the truth, and they began to col
lect the unexploded shells that had
been fired at them from the Confeder
ate batteries.
"There were a great many of these
scattered over our part of the hill, and
when Meade comprehended what the
boya were doing he was greatly pleased.
He dismounted, and in a quiet sort of
way proceeded to supervise the collec
tion of shells. He was in fatigue dress
and wore no shoulder straps, and none
of the men recognized him. They
thought he was some ordnance officer,
and finally, when he turned his horse
over to his orderly and proceeded to
carry shells himself, they did not resent
his supervision. As a rule the shells
wen; heavier than the general expected
and he did not compare in efficiency
with the stalwart artillerymen rushing
about with the recklessness and energy
of madmen.
"John Snicker was one of the best
men in the battery, but was rough in
speech and action. Seeing, as he sup
posed, a lieutenant or captain from the
outside stooping to pick up a shell, he
pushed the officer aside with the re
mark: 'Get out of this, old Ginger Fin
gers! Your mind's willin', but your
body's weak, and you are in the way.'
Meade, surprised and amused, stoc-d
aside. A few minutes later General
Warren and staff rode up for a confer
ence with Meade and the cat was out
of the bag.
"Snlokers was so overwhelmed with
confusion that he almost had a fit. The
sergeant tried to comfort him with the
assurance that General Meade would
excuse informality under such circum
stances, but John insisted that what
scared him was that he never came so
near kicking a man in his life without
doing it as he did General Meade when
he stooped to pick up the shell. He was
grieved to think he hadn't recognized
Meade, and was in a panic whenever
he thought about what might have
happened had he acted on the impulse
and kicked the general commanding the
army." — Pittsburg Commercial Gazette.
A PLAGUE OF MONKEYS.
Their Massacre a Serious Question in
India.
The monkey slaughter question has,
it appears, assumed a serious aspect
just now. It has caused considerable
exciiemeiit among orthodox Hindus not
only in Orissa and Bengal, but as far
as the news has traveled. We seriously
warn th? authorities against this inju
dicious proposal of the Puri city fathers
lest the question should leau to some
serious consequences. The religious
feelings of orthodox Hindus, who form
the majority in India, cannot be trifled
with in this manner, and the lessons
of the Benares riots should not be
thrown away. We are against this
slaughter more for the maintenance of
peace and order than for anything else.
The massacre of the quadrumana itself
is a far uglier nuisance than all the
mischief committed by monkeys put to
gether. It may be, however, that these
so-called ancestors of humanity arc
giving a good deal of trouble at Puri;
but where do they not? Most of the
principal seats of Hindu pilgrimage art
literally colonized by these restless
brutes, but are they not tolerated from
time immemorial and has there ever
been such a crusade against them? If
it is so difficult to put up with them any
longer at Puri, cannot they be ban
ished from the town rather than killed?
There are villages in Bengal where
these wicked creatures sometimes do
considerable harm to villagers, who, b>
the way, instead of having them swept
out of existence, catch the leader of trie
party, with a process known to every
child of Bengal, and, painting his face
hideously, hold a mirror before his eye»
— the village chaps making a scaring
noise with accompaniments of dhole
and cymbals — with the result that, fol
lowed precipitately by the whole pari>,
the heroic captain beats a hasty re
treat never to return to the village
again in his life. It would be far better
to have these mischief-makers deported
to some distant parts than endangering
public peace by shocking the religious
feelings of the pilgrims by such an, in
their view, inhuman action. As many
as fifteen out of the twenty-one Pundits
consulted at Puri are averse to
slaughter, and the remaining six
dwindle down to a microscopic minor
ity against the mass of Pundit opinion
supporting orthodoxy in this country.
On the other hand, almost all the Eng
lish and vernacular newspapers in Ben
gal, Behar and Orissa are strongly pro
testing. As to the Puri Commlssienera
and their "airs of absolutism" the In
dian Mirror, In a leading article, in
vites the immediate interference of
Government. "It is," says our con
temporary, "the orthodox Hindus that
have made Puri, and as they have made
it so can they mar it. • • * The time
may have come for the intervention of
Sir John Woodburn in settlement of
this question of monkey slaughter at
Puri." And surely the time has come. —
Lahore Tribune.
WHITTIER BOARD
IS UNDER FIRE
Los Angeles Grand Jury
Investigating.
SOME SENSATIONAL TALES
HIGH LIFE AT THE STATE'S
EXPENSE.
Chapel Converted Into an Opera-
House and Sumptuous Living
Apartments Main
tained.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26.— The Grand
Jury of Los Angeles County is investi
gating the State school at Whittier.
The inquiry is not a formal affair, such
as have always permitted extensive
preliminary preparations. The object
is to obtain practical results and to
find out just what really has been ac
complished by the present management
of the school. With this end in view
members of the jury have recently
been in the habit of dropping into the
institution singly and in pairs. There
fore when the report of the jury Is
filed it will contain several chapters of
more than ordinarily interesting read
ing.
Several of the former inmates of the
school have recently been before the
jury and others have been summoned.
The testimony that they have given
under oath so far is stated to have
been of a sensational character.
The managers of the school are
charged with incompetency. To sup
port these allegations the riots art. one
male pupils eighteen months ago are
recalled. The trouble at that time was
due to a determination of the man
agement to do away with the annual
outing of the inmates of the school at
Catalina. Major Harry W. Patton was
at that time a member of the board of
trustees and advised the board to order
the larger boys, who were the ring
leaders in the rebellion against the
school management, sent to one of the
State penitentiaries, either at Folsom
or San Quentin. Major Patton's advice
was not followed, although the laws
give the trustees the power to do what
had been recommended.
Although it is openly charged that
thousands of dollars have been spent
for what are said to have been frivo
lous purposes proof has been forth
coming that the food has been both in
sufficient and of poor quality.
Attention is called to the fact that
large sums of money have been spent
for the conversion of the former school
chapel into a regular opera-house with
private boxes and a drop curtain of the
most approved pattern. This drop cur
tain is said to be a work of art. which
cost the State nearly $1500. Painted on i
the curtain, as its chief charm, is a
picture of the handsome home of Mr
and Mrs. John W. Mitchell, which is
located in Cahuenga Valley. Mrs
Mitchell, who was appointed by Gover
nor Budd, is president of the Whittier
board of trustees.
The theater was not erected with the
assistance of school labor. Outsiders
did all the work under special con
tracts. A high-priced Italian artist is
alleged to have done the painting and
decorating.
Several entertainments have been
given in the theater. President Mitchell
was usually the life of the festivities
"There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old
Town To-night" on more than one oc
casion is said to have been the feature
of the programme, with Mrs. Mitchell
as the vocalist. Special artists, paid
by the State, have been employed at
these concerts. President Mitchell firm
ly believes that soothing effects of
music tend to reform the degenerate
youth of both sexes. "Pinafore," Gil
bert and Sullivan's opera, is at pres
ent in rehearsal at the school and will
be produced some time in January.
The charge has been made before the
Grand Jury that the best specialists in
the school have left the institution in
disgust. Among those who have re
signed are Miss Florence Simpkins, li
brarian, who was a member of the
school staff for years; Professor Hether
ington, the school statistician and his
torian; Miss Basyl Ford; Miss Anna
Graham, a teacher; W. J. Carlisle, a
nephew of Trustee William Rowland,
who is stated to have been one of the
best captains the school ever had, and
W. R. Mclntosh and Thomas Donahue,
who were captains of the company.
Their places are said to have been
filled by "pets" of the present man
agement. Among the newest appointees
is Louis Tappiner, who was formerly
the private secretary of John W. Mitch
ell, and one Arfaredson, an English
man who has never been naturalized.
The Grand Jury has been told that
President Mitchell of the board of trus
tees has, for weeks at a time, been
living in the school at the expense of
the State, frequently with friends and
servants, and sometimes alone. The
president of the board has her own pri
vate apartments in the school, which
are sumptuously fitted for her use
whenever she desires to occupy them.
It Is alleged that since the resigna
tion of Mrs. Edward R. Threlkeld as
the head of the girls' department of
the school the female end of the Insti
tution has been in chaos. Escapes, it
is said, are more or less frequent, the
girls at times leaving the school in the
company of boys and being sometimes
found a few days later hungry and
footsore in the outbuildings of some of
the farmers a few miles from the
school. Mrs. Threlkeld was dismissed
from the school without notice on the
alleged ground of economy. At the
trustees' meeting which brought about
the change the salaries of several other
attaches of the school were raised.
The charge against Superintendent
Van Alstyne is that he is insincere, that
he has a bad temper, and that as far
as his present position is concerned he
is entirely irresponsible. The inmates
and officers of the school refer to Su
perintendent Van Alstyne as "Gumpy."
Members of the Grand Jury have
been informed that the escapes from
the school under its present manage
ment have exceeded in number the to
tal escapes in the history of the insti
tution from the day of its opening, and
will probably equal the present total
membership of the boys' department.
Many of these escapes are returned, the
expense to the State being from $10 to
$200 for each inmate brought back.
Some are caught in Arizona and New-
Mexico and the State is compelled to
pay their railroad fares and the ex
penses of the peace officers bringing
them to Los Angeles.
A particular phase of the school man
agement that is being investigated is
the alleged awful immorality which ex
ists In the male department.
Alliance England Wants — and Has.
Two banquets have been held this week
In America at which the race feeling was
prominently expressed. The first was a
banquet given In honor of General Miles
at which half of the notable men of Amer
lea were present. General Miles, in re
sponding to the toast of his health, used
words which in their moderation and per-i
feet "gentlemanliness" and good breeding*
will give pleasure to millions of English-!
men: "The war has given us reason andP
opportunity to appreciate our obligation*
to the mother country for the dignified
and powerful influence of the British Em
pire in the maintenance of our principles
and rights." Captain Paget, the gallant
British sailor who accompanied the Amer
ican force in the field at Santiago and
won the good opinion of all his companion ft
in arms, later received a magnificent re- r
ception. The other banquet was one given
Lord Herschell at New York on Wednes
day, and here the tone of the speeches
and the sentiments expressed were equal
ly strong. General "Woodford, who was
in effect the President's representative,
made an excellent speech, and Lord Her
schell's reply was very happy. Nothing
could be better than these expressions of
good will, which are as sincereand spon
taneous as they are generous. We trust,
however, that the American public will
clearly understand that we are not seek
ing a hard and fast political alliance, nor
are we anxious to combine with them to
prosecute our and their selfish ends. That
is not the sort of alliance we want. We
have no desire to go beyond the acknowl
adgment of the fact, for fact it is, that
if either we or the States ever get our
backs to the wall the other Anglo-Saxon
will be at his side.— London Spectator.
Blank Kisses While Cars Waited.
It happened at Fifth and walnut streets
at an hour when the streets were crowd
ed. The flagman had signalled an ap
proaching northeast electric railway car
to stop and give the right of way to a
southbound Westport car. Standing In
the center of the network of tracks were
two women. It was evident that they had
met by chance after a long separation.
They rushed into each other's arms and
were smothering each other's faces with
kisses.
"Look out, ahead!" shouted the grip
man on the cable car at the top of hia
voice. The flagman waved his club fran
tically about his head and elevated hia
voice in an effort to attract the atten
tion of the two women. But they stood
as if glued to the spot, and were deaf to
the cries of danger. One more embrace,
one more kiss, and then one of the
women happened to glance over h>r
shoulder and beheld the grtpman yanking
away at the brakes in an effort to brine:
his car to a standstill. The air at
was perfectly blue.
•'Oh, dear me, here comes a car. Is all
she said. Taking her friend by the arm.
They strolled leisurely toward the side
walk.
"I'd be willing to wager my last cent.'
said the gripman to the conductor, as tha
lntter came forward to ascertain what
■was wrong, "that two women would stop
to kiss each other if they were falling out
of a balloon."— Kansas City Journal.
Land of the White Elephant.
The Burmese will sacrifice any pros
pect of money making to go to a feast.
These are called pives. and often tha
entertainment is elaborate. I remem
ber going to one in Upper Burma.
There was a good deal of dancing, but
neither the host nor his guests danced:
that would have been undignified. Tha
dancers were paid, ana they twirled
lazily or jumped excitedly aa occasion
required. Most of the time, however,
was spent in chatter and smokine.
Smoking Is the only thing at which tha
Burmese are industrious. They start
smoking at the early age of 3. and they
smoke themselves into the next world.
Girls smoke quite as assiduously as tha
men, and, as the cigars are very big.
many a pretty mouth is strained to ac
commodate a giant cheroot. — Pall Mall
Gazette.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RRAND HOTEL.
C Champion. Sacto IJ H Batcher. Sacto
L Washburn. S Jos« W Schaw, Sacto
W Savery, Cal S Foreman, Sacto
J Frlsz. Cal L A Irwin. Irwln
F A Smith, Portland L E Doane. L Ang
H N Shead. Sacto |M V Brown, L Ang
S N Price. S Ro?a B A Ogden, Sonera
P Roberts, Berkeley J D Whitney, Phila
E Michael. S Jose T B Gibson, Woodland
J Gardner. Cal W Peterson & w. Sao
S F Rose, U S N F Harjes. Sacto
C Feht Sacto J Faris Jr. Sacto
C C Pratt. Cal E G White & w. Saeto
C Clark. Cal Mrs N M King, Sacto
H Smith. Oakland kliss M Woods. Sacto
F W Halley, Cal J Scribner & w. Oakld
C Schneider, Cal F J Devine. Sacto
J L Basham. Red Bluff C Moltzen. Pt Reyes
E Green & w, Chicago A H Randalls, S Jo»«
E Varhooen & w. Chgo C Hutchinson, S P Co
Mrs E M Wilson. Chico
D X Trask, L Ang C E Lindsay, 8 Crua
A H Eisen. Fresno J L Kellog!*, Neb
M Neuberger&w, Chgo J O Jellison, Cal
G L McCandless, Sacto I
PALACE HOTEL.
A O Locke, Chicago 'R J Northam A w, Cnl
C A Jones & w, Oakld C E Burg, Burlington
Miss B Taylor. Va W E Keller, Los Ang
H Wilkinson, Pa G A Lamb. New York
W M Parker. Pa J Powning, Belvedere
H F Ellis. Pa W A Powning, Belvedr
D Mugdan. Hamburg: J B Peakes. Sta Cruz
A Mannhelmer, NY PA Newmark. Ls Ant
A Cohen, i" vv York A Conn, Red Bluff
A E Na6h & w. Boston J C Pierson, Dayton
C F Price, Kentucky IJ F Davis, Jackson
S Jacksome & w, Cal |E W Dunn &w, S Jo««
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Nygard, Benicja iH T Greenough, 8 Cm
G L Parker, Portland jl Honch, Los Ang
C B Voigt, Stockton 'M A Lindsay, L.;s Xng
G Palmer. Seattle J F Stewart, Sutsran
J Burgess. Seattle iB Mathews, San Diego
H Traynor, Los Ang 'J L Joyce, Truckee
J Young, Denver !M Lawrence. N V
C Murray, Chicago *T O"Brien. St Louis
E de Valle, Sacto ,M B Foster. Sta Rosa
J C Jones, San Jose |J B Schneider, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Saa S"rmnel«e«
Call, corner of Market and Third street*. ope»
until 12 o" clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery ■tr*K a
corner Clay; open until 9:SO o'clock.
187 Hayes street; open until 9:10 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; t>pen until 9:30 o'clock.
(15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; ope*
until 9 o'clock.
10* Eleventh street; open until t o'clock.
:Li6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; oren until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. '
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and JT~
A.M., will meet THIS (TUESDAY) ~J\_
EVENING, December 27, at 7:30 jKJf
o'clock. Installation of office™. 87/V1
order of the Master.
■ FRANKLIN H. DAT, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St., will meet THIS EVEN- _J^ ._■
ING, 7:20 o'clock. 2 D. jC3T
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary. /^r 1
ORIENTAL Lodge No. I*4, F. : and A. m
M.— lnstallation of officers THIS _J% ■
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 V^Xf
o'clock. A. S. HUBBARD, Sec /\rS
MARINE Engineers' Association > No. 35— Th« .
annual election of officers will be held at th»
rooms TUESDAY, December 27.
JOHN E. O'BRIEN, President.
J. J. SEAREY, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco Molinari in the Humbug
Gulch Mine, near Volcano, Amador Co.. to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; from J. B.
Meek, in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano, Amador Co., to deposit tailings in Mis-!
cry Creek; from Lewis Emery. Jr., In th»'
Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch,
Calaveras Co., to deposit tailings in Murray
. Creek, and from Archie Newell, in th* Newell
Claim, near Oleta, Amaaor Co., to deposit
tailings in Deadman Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal.. on January 9.
1899, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold- '
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Company l
will be held at the office of the company, i
room 3, Hobart building. 532 Market Ft.. San
Francisco, Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, 1899, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as majr
come reform the meeting.
H. G. STEVENSON. Secretary. ;
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re- 1
moval, or we will buy It. UNCLE HARRIS.)
IB Grant aye., near Market st.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— annual meet-
Ing of »he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California 1 street, Saa
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9. 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for tie purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for th*
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such.
' other business as may pro perl/ come befotV
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 24 f ISBS.
THE annual meeting of th« stockholder* of j ;
. THE NEVADA NATIONAL SANK OFSA?*
• FRANCISCO. Cal., will be held at its bal-
ing house. No. SOl Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 189». ;
•t 8:16 o'clock p. m.. for tl* election of dl- (
rectcrs to serve for the ensilng year and th«
transaction of - such other business as ma/ |
come before the meeting. '
:D. B. DAVirSON. Secretary. ,
£an Francisco, December 9. 1898.DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Bulld-
I- ing and I. an Association, No. 221 Sansome
Mreet: For the year endli . December 31,
IS9S, a dividend has been declared at the rate
. : of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits,
I .7 per cent on term deposits, . 10 per cent per
1 annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes. WILL! MI CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT • Savings and Loan Society, IS
l Geary st.— The dlrertora have aeclarcd the fol-
■ lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. ISC*.
. : ERNEST BRAND, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— fh^ German Savings
nnd Loan Society, 5S< California st.— For the
half year ending December 31, ISM a dlvi-
. fiend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, rree of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday. January 3 1889
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dividend No. 63 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
. . Company, will be payable at the of!: 527
Market st.. on and after Tuesday, January
Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
December 2S. rs»B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRAN . 11 ailfor-
n:a i-t.. corner Webb. Dividend notlo
the half ■ g with the 31st ot De-
cemi dividend has boen declared
at the rate per annum of four (1) per cent
en • • third
<3 J posits free of
taxes, payable on hml after Tuesday, Janu-
ary 3. 1839. LOVELL WHUfE, Cashier.
DrVIDENI
Fan Francisco, J3 Post streot. For the half
year ending December SI, ISM, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three ar
I per cent per annum on all de-
ts, fn-e of tax.s. payable on and after
Tuesday. January ?,. -
GF.QIU-.E A. STORY '"•ashler.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
'• ■ "•' ■ -es«nts: hai
- neckwear, susp<
• s, underwear, etc: cheap at Plon.
Stoi lOC Fifth st
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that It
has admitted into the orphanage from July
1, 1W to December 31. ISMi. ~the following
named orphans and half orphans boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothenstein, aged 7" years;
Hyman Rothenstein, aged 5 years- Henry
Barron. aged S years: Edwin Abrams. aged
6 years 2 month* : Harry Benjamin, aged 6
years 9 months; Sadie Kohn. aged 10 years;
Irene Well, aged 5 years; Helen Weil, aged
4 years; Abraham Danzieer, aged 11 years
and Leo Rosenthal. aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery- st . rooms .g-10: tel. 5550.
(SITUATIONS WANTED-
REFINED German second girl and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. Ml.- CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl wants place where she can
sleep home; references. MISS CULLEN 3"5
Sutler Ft.
LADIES desiring first-class help of ail nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
boarding house; pastry and meat cooking;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Butter st.
A NO 1 cook, also Swedish second girl, desires
situation; best of references. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter at.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin; tel. Sutter 52.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; good cutter and
fitter; wants work by the day; 75c and car
' fare. SO Seventh St., near Market.
SITUATION by middle-aged German lady for
liKht housework; is good to children. Apply
GERMAN girl wishes position as cook or will
homework. Box 521, Call office.
KKsriCCTABLE young woman with a child
I like position as working housekeeper-
re an object than wages; no triflurs.
St.; cail 12 to 2. 7 to S.
•TION wanted by elderly working house-
•■ country, a. 8..
SITUATION wanted by a respectabTeTwoman a»
nurse; would assist with sewing or upstairs
good reference. 557 O'Farrell st.
RESPECTABLE German girl would like gen-
eral housework in small family. Inquire
HE. 2<7 lowa st., Potrero.
practical Catholic^ family";
■ -'worker and seamstress; reliable
young woman of Catholic American parents.
Ires* 200 Noe st.
DRESSMAKER, perfect fitter, neat worker. !
will go out by day; $1 25; dresses made over. 1
• ieary st.
:■'■■'•' French lady wishes a position as !
keeper. Call at 154 Golden Gate aye.
. woman wants light housework or ''
hild. ELLA, 737 Howard jet., room 65.
■-T woman as first-class cook in ail
•■»! or boardlng-h
t• at of references. 570 Minna St.,
- -,•.:. ai I Seventh.
-»nch and German cook de-
situation in private family; .
■ • ■ : ■ Bos 844, 1 'all office.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba: -assed at
■: ARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
MAXAGING housekeeper in a family of re- 1
flnement by a widow from the East: refer- '
Address til! Jan. 3. Housekeeper. 1375 j
r.-.h a\o.. East Oakland.
SITUATIONS WA.WEO-MALU.
y; all kinds ]
■ AOKL SO Geary: tel. Grant SS.
.-c Employment I
help. 414U i»Farrf;!l St.; tel. East 436.
:-isltlon as watchman; am sober,
-. fairly intelligent an'l expect to give
: irM in work tor salary. Boat C4R, Call.
;. with some experience in butcher
wants steady work; any part of the
julred. Box 646, Call.
•'» man wishes work in a florists; inex-
nced: small wages. Box 645, Call office.
r/ED— A traveling man of 15 years' expe-
U Mrous of handling a few esta'r .
- in the brokerage business in Los An-
cau furnish best of references. Ad-
-.uiklln St., Los Angelee, Cal.
GARDENER, German, wishes a situation in
private family; very efficient: experienced;
Meady; references. Box 652, Call office. -
WANTED— Position by good all-around car-
penter and general worker around buildings
:-m: private place or estate pn
will go any place for steady position; single;
\ 6"1, 1 "all office.
JAPANESE couple want situations: man first-
class, cook.; wife general housework or sew-
ce. Address box 649, Call.
ALL • ho intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.. near Market st. J
FRENCH boy. 18 years old. speaks English,
wants to learn a trade or doing any kind
of work. Address 113 Fourth st.
SIDE line wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 699, Call.
SINGLE Englishman wants situation as milker
and 1 utt'rmaker; understands the care of
fine stock and rearing calves and pigs. Ad-
dress C. HEWITT. 508 Second St.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st:. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $160 night; $150 to $1
week: convenient and respectable; fre» "bus
. ami baggage to and from ferry.
i. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
J ECOND~_lris?'us and $20. 'lin^'cULLEN^
525 -utter st. .
FRENCH second girl, $25. • MISS CULLEN.
325 Suiter st.
NURSEQIR-L. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT Second girl. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Gutter St. ■ '
NURSEGIRU sleep home. $10. MISS CUL-
LKN. : • 26 Gutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, . boarding-
house. $20. MISS CULLEN, 225 Butter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. MISS
I.EN. 325 Sutter st. • ■
HOUSEWORK girl. Modesto, $20; San Rafael,
$23 and other towns; 12 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
LARGE number of girls for all kinds of work
In city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
31<i Sutter St.. ■
NURSE, $25; chambermaid and sew. $25. MISS
CULLeN. 325 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES, country hotel, $25; 2 wait"
reuses, same country hotel, $25; arm and check
.waitress, country, $20, fare advanced; 2 cham-
bermaids. $15 and $17 50: 2 chambermaids to
wait, country. $20. c. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.; phone Grant 183.
COOK. 2. 1n family, $30; cook, Alameda, $25, see
' party here this morning; 10 Swedish girls, $20
$25; 25 housegirls. city and country. $15 to $23;
■working housekeeper, . small family, $1;. c.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.; phone
Grant 185..
8 WAITRESSES, different .places l. $20 ' and
found: fare paid. MURRAY & READY, 634-
". 831 CIW KUyir. :
HELP Continued.
WOMAN for day's work. *1 50; girl for house-
work, two In family. $25; nursegirl, $15; cook,
$26; and others. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin.
GOOD restaurant waitress. 313 O'Farrell at.
GERMAN or Danish girl to do light house-
! work, washing; big children; $15. 202 Town-
| ■ send St., restaurant. •
WANTED— Apprentice on vests. 956 Mission
street.
YOUNG girl, general housework small family,
Sl5. Call '.• to 12. 1612 Scott st.
WANTED— YounE girl to assist light house-
work; wages moderate. Call at 404 Capp st.,
near Nineteenth.
-First-class waitress for dining-
room. 513 Jones st.
, WANTED— Young lady for office work; call
- bet. 10 and 11 a. m. Tuesday. :. N. WOOD
6 CO., 718 Market st. ' t ■
WANTED Girl to wait on table in restaurant;
wages $13. S3O Howard.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS' 1 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
GOVERNESS wanted for three children. In-
quire Occidental Hotel, December. 28 and 2J,
between 2 and 0 p. m.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary,
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. _ c up. McDowell's. 103 Fust.
HELP WANTED— SIALkJ.
i MURRAY _ READY Phone Main SS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1 Want To-day
■ 5 laborers, city job $175 a day
i 05 woodchoppers $1 cord
54 tiemakers Be, 9c and 12c each
7 farm hands ....s_, $20 and $25 and found
2 milkers, $30 and 26
Butter maker and run separator, $25 to $30;
driver, city milk wagon, references, $25 and
found
Granite block cutter* Slate splitters
3 choremeo, different places, $10 and found;
metal spinner, country
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay at.
COOKS WAITERS ....DISHWASHERS
S cooks, $50. $40, $3n and found.
5 waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
3 dishwashers $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GARDENER, private family, $25 and found.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
WE ship this morning to Skaguay: railroad
fare $12 50. C. R. HAN'S"" & CO., 104 Geary.
WE hip to-night to the mountain railroad, la-
borers, $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
TEASISTERS for the coast road; call early;
ship this morning. C. K. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
i HEAD cook, restaurant, $75. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Farmer' and wife, 135; quartz miner,
$2 50 a day; mine foreman, $3 a day: laborers,
$1 75 a day; harness-maker and repairer for
country grading camp; office boy for this of- |
flee, $2 50 a wee— Apply to J. F. CROSETT ,
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— First -class steward for restaurant;
cook, •try. $35; baker, country. $40; cook
and wife, country- hotel, $40. Apply to J. F.
SETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A first-class man aa solicitor for
city business; salary to be agreed upon. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62$ Sacramento.
: WANTED— man and wife to take
! charge of property and oversee others; duties
j are numerous and varied: part applying
I must have best of references us to honesty,
j character, etc.: salary $75 and found. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 828 Sacramento et.
BOY who has good recommendations to learn
the drug trade. 1207 Market st.
YOUNG man with experience to work in
bakery. 127 Fifth st.
YOUNG man wanted In butcher shop. 2512
Bush st. ■
STRONG German boy for grocery; well recom-
mended. Call at 7 a. m. at 148 Seventh st.
GOOD waiter wanted for restaurant. 104
Seventh st.
j WANTED— Steady, light, genteel work; must
be satisfied with $15 per week; small capital
required. Apply at 236 Kearny St., .room 7.
TWO good painters this a. m. Southwest cor.
! • of Twenty-fourth and York sts.
i WANTED— Barber to buy good 2-chair shop; '
I bargain. PECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
' TEN men to take clean rooms; 2 nights for
25c; 75c week. 105 New Montgomery st.
! JOHNNY EGGERS— CaII at Fischer's restau-
rant, 134 Third st.
I
' WANTED — A good vegetable man. 134 Third.
i RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
i rine Corps, United' States navy; able-bodied,
j unmarried men between the ages -of 21 and 30
! years, who are citizens of the United States,' I
1 or 1 those who have legally declared their in- :
' tention to become such; must be of good char-
; . acter and habits and able to speak, read and !
' write English, and be between 5 feet 5 laches
i and 6 feet in height. For further Information
' apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco, Cal.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, 'stock, real estate,
goods in warehouse and In bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St.. UNCLE HARRIS. . ■
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute- samples
and advertise. California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. CmL
: TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 50c to SI; new
shoes, slightly damaged. M- price. 562 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
' WANTED— and mechanics to know
I that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third et.: 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
GREEN hands, seamen, carpenters, black-
smiths for ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
st., upstairs.
! FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL-ROLLINS
CO., bookbinders^
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House. 7644 Mission
I si men to take rooms; inc. 15c and 25c per
I night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
i MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138V4 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Bee. 325 Grant aye. \
i TRY Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 mis.; 15c, 25c night.
! SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night; ISC, $1
to $2 50 per wk Elcho House. S63M> Market st.
! WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
, SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at'
LANE'S, 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine. lance, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
' TRY Acme House. '■"■ Market St.. below Sixth. |
for a room: 25c a night; «l a week.
"WINCHESTER House. 41 third *t.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 23c night; reading-room;- free
'bin nnri baggage to and fro— th«» ferry.
HOUSES WANTED.
' HOUSE. Tat of " or 4 rooms or unfurnished
rooms: cheap: sunny yard; give particulars.
p,r. x r--,n. ran o'ftrp,
' "WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— second-hand kodak; state price.
Box "J. ''ail offlcp.
LOST.
SMALL black leather bag conlalnlngrspectaclet,
etc.: suitable reward. 60S Castro.
LOST— Lady's watch; Van Ness and O'Farrell;
reward. Return to Fletcher's, Geary and
Van Ness.
FOX terrier; black head and black spot on
back. 314% Clementina st. ; liberal reward.
GOLD watch No. 552.054. Return 1103 Oak St.;
' reward. [■■>■-. Vt;
LOST— Gordon setter dog, 1 year old; rather
thin. A reward of $16 will be paid If re-
turned to 2016 Pacific aye. or for information
which will lead to recovery.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS*. 15 Grant aye., near Market St., the
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
- will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms. .'-..;
LOST— A gold heart-shaped locket, with small
diamond In center. Finder return to this
office and receive suitable reward. ■
HORSES. ™ ~
GENTLE black mare, top buggy. harness, etc.:
cheap; suitable for lady. 1031 McAllister st.
(0 HORSES of ever." description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 -Valencia St.. bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
M HORSES for »ale; also wagons, buggies,
csrts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. f27 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
- day Sri.T.IVAN' ft P'~*TT.F, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
! ALL knlds of wagons, carts, buggies, harness;
cheap. A. PHILLIPS, Fifteenth and Valencia.
EXPRESS wagon and two horses for sale.
N. W. cor. Preclta aye. and Alabama st.
--■.'•■•■.■. ■ i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-$500; ! SALOON; established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $56; close to Call building; aver-
age daily receipts $20; owner bought hotel in
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market St.
A— s2so; SALOON on Third St., 1 block from
Call building; club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $25; across the bay;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-;
ing tor a first-class druggist. Particulars
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $„
WILKJB & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$700— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis st.; 5 -living rooms: rent $25; doing a good
paying business: owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65; partners
■ can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— $1000; MILK route and boarding stable; 24
cans dally: 4 good horses, 2 wagons; 6 steady
boarders; easily worth $2000; sickness cause of
sale. KREDO & CO., 22>4 Geary Bt.
A— slsoo: FRUIT, vegetables and poultry; i
wholesale and retail; $500 to $1000 daily; best
in city. KREDO & CO., 22>4 Geary st.
KREDO * CO., 2214 Geary St.
$4500— Drug store; $40 dally; nothing better.
J2oo— Florist^ big funeral trade.'
$200— Branch bakery; $10 dally.
For particulars of above call on KREDO.
A— s22s: CORNER grocery and bar, worth $600;
must sell at once. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
$325— GROCERY; bar and furniture.
$Uoo— Hotel: water front; splendid bargain.
.Branch bakery and coffee parlor.
$100— Branch bakery and delicatessen.
$150— Saloon ; worth $300: to-day.
JONES. 865 Market st.
GREAT bargain; branch bakery; vege-
table, fruit; fine business. BASILE. 873*4
Market st.
WELL established laundry office on principal
street; nil drop work and cash. Address box
23. Branch ' Call office, 101 Eleventh st.
$2CO— PARTNER wanted In. successful growing
business. Call 211 Examiner bldg.', bet. 11 & 12.
SALOON for sale. 23 East St., near Clay.
WITH $500 you can easily get rich manu-
facturing. Address box: 695, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
sickness. Inquire 1212^4 Polk st.
WANTED— A good restaurant man to take
charge of first-class restaurant In connection
with a hotel: good-paying business: French-
man preferred. Address box 607, Call office.
PARTNER with some means by : expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 518. Call office.
A— SALOON; 1 block from The Call; with 8
rooms; sell cheap on account of sickness.
Call at 677**; Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St.
. COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarter*;
tupplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10* '
! Beale st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
110-room corner house J6300
10-room house; worth $1000 500
32 rooms; fine corner ISSO
14-room house; only 600
26-room house: rent $50 750
6-room flat: rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from 15000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 4.'0
10-room house: only.. 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 'SO
4fi-room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22'/i Geary Street
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; elegant: clears $50 $323
12 rooms; Ellis st.: always full 500
14 rooms; near City Hall: cheap rent.... 800
38 rooms; fine business corner 1,100
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
$320: 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor St.,
nr. Geary; rent only $33. KREDO & CO.,
22*4 Geary st.
$4000; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
per month; Investigation and trial given.
KREDO & CO.
A— slso; .".-ROOM flat, south of Market; free
rent and light. KREDO & CO.. 22 Geary.
$3500; 100 ROOMS, cor., with elevator; great
bargain. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
LADIES, If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
1 NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
j cheap for cash. 323 Taylor st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD. ■ v
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright : $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chlckerlng upright 233 00
Sohmer upright 11." 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
j gate and approve this method; prices are the
i same as if purchased ' for all cash; bargain*
; In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
. payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
BtF.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
A FINE List of Bargains In Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber $ 50
; Eteinway : 150
Fisher (Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap.
Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the ' oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
I and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
i A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Royal piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
i $6 per month: guaranteed 6 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Fan -ell st.
1 THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
1 the stock in their elegant new rooms.
i WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent
1 for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 80S Post st.
! ELEGANT upright, cost $425. for sale on
$6 Installments. 1115 Post st.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
■A FINE Steinway and new Chlckering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019. Van Ness aye.
j $150— FINE Steinway: great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank. » -"
; A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. SOS Post st ■
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
1 NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister. |
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE.. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR a holiday present a solitaire diamond
ring for $23. cost originally $50. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. ■ ■ .
FINE St. Bernard Newfoundland; 2 years;
best watchdog on the coast. ' Address box 647,
Call office. ' • ■
LADY going has sewing machine and some
canary birds she .would like to sell. 231 11th.
$90— FINE clEar stand, news agency and laun-
j dry office; cheap rent. 304 Fourth st.
A 6 H. P. gasoline marine engine: almost new;
!  cheap. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
I YACHT Rattler Jr., 21 feet 6 Inches over all:
sloop, with cabin: fast sailer: nearly new.
Call or address 341 Bush St.. San Francisco,
or S.. Call office. Oakland.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged: send postal. 648. Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. ■J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 . Mission | St..
above Sixth. " '
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ' . . ■ ■" '
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second -hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. : South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. .
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 619 Mission; tel. Br. 331. -:..-, \? ■ '
'ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HTTFBCHUnDT. 622 Golden Gate aye. j
..... - - ■ --'. ■■.■-■ .-.--■ -
HOUSES TO LET.
A— lo ROOMS; Post, near Franklin $50
A— lo rooms; Pacific aye., near Franklin.. 60
A— lo rooms; Bush, near Van Ness. 40
300 others; cheap. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 212 Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. 11.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Bt. . -
OWNER modern furnished house will accept
board for rent. Address box 651. Call office.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS', IS Grant ava.,
near Market st.
SUNNY detached house. Western Addition; 8
rooms (5 bedrooms); yard and basement; for
I or 2 years. Address box 694. Call office.
$10— HOUSE of 4 rooms; large barn; big yard.
Cor. Seventh aye. and Lake st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
6t., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$32 50 — ROOMS, new house; laid out for rent-
lng rooms. 3506 Twentieth St.. nr. Mission.
FLATS TO LET.
A^-100 FLATS, cottages. $7 to $11; 10 to 30 days
free. At A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
A— SI6— FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth— bay-
window flat; 5 light rooms; bath; gas; tubs.
CASTRO, 641. near 19th— $17 50: 6 rooms and
porcelain bath; sunny upper flat.
FLAT. 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna St., near
Tenth. •
GEARY. 805— An elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent
$15. '-;
OLIVE aye., Upper flat of 4 rooms; $12; no
children.
RENT reduced $12; 536 A Sixth St.; nice flat: 4
rooms; hall; folding doors; mantel; large
yard; rear entrance. ,
UPPER Hat; 3 rooms; 245 Harriet St.; rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole! BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. 4 .
$16 AND $1S; modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 7 rooms; 15 Henry st., between Sanchez
and Noe. $12: bay-window flat, 4 rooms, 3795
Seventeenth . St. .
LOWER flat; 5 rooms and bath: furnished.
Apply immediately at 2032 Stelner st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st. ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELEVENTH, 120—3 front rooms for light house-
keeping; single or en suite; no children.
FIFTH, Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen ;grate; sink: water; bath; private; $11.
FIFTH, 353—2 clean furnished sunny parlors,
kitchen, bath, $20; 2 $12; also single. $5.
GROVE, 131— Furnished room suitable for light
housekeeping. .__
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— of i
eunry unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
JESSIE, 439, bet. sth and 6th— 3 sunny con-
necting rooms; complete for housekeeping;
modern: $14; also large bay window front
r .ms for housekeeping; $8. --
LARKIN. 613—3 or 4 beautiful sunny house-
j keeping rooms; reasonable. _ ; ___
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call after 6 p. m.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms, complete;
suites of roams wi;h grates in.
MINNA, Large furnished housekeeping
room with cookstove; $6; front room.
N.E. CORNER Tenth and Bryant — Sunny fur-
nished or unfurnished rms.; gas In each rm.
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms; stove; water; gas; $11.
NINTH, 77—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing with separate yard; $2 25 a week.
O'FARRELL, 529, near Van Ness— Nice front
room and large kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; gas, gas stove; $18 month.
ATA' A, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
Is. loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near
Market st. '
POST. 922 — Unfurnished sunny rooms, single or
in suits, with all conveniences.
RUSS. 116, off Howard, near Sixth—
parlor and kitchen unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 259 — 4 housekeeping rooms, $6; fur-
nished, $8: no children; no dogs.
TURK, 20—2 nicely furnished, light rooms,
complete for housekeeping.
HOOJIS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
tunny rooms: en suite or tingle; f.rst-class
In every respect: terms reasonably,
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
II 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, llS— Sunny pleasant, furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
I ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing.. $1 50. $6 wk.; 50c. $1 day: tel. 81. 1364.
FIFTH, Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
GEARY. 14A — Sunny front bay-window suite;
other rooms; $6 to $10 per month.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladies,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., nr. Market St.
GEARY, 428, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and dold water; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms* en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 •er week. • ' ■
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient. ■
! MECHANICS' HOUSE,' 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms.. single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
cient; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch. prop.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly • furnished'
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient,
O'FARRELL.' 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week. or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
PINE, 614 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
! SEVENTH. 179— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; {6 to $20. mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,;,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. Newly furnished suite; also
single rooms; bath, telephone; reasonable;
i central.
THIRD, — Two rooms complete for j house-
keeping; rent $7. > ■ .■
TURK. Single furnished rooms for man
and wife; also single room for gent.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■• . . „...
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas: gents preferred.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $"4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class la 'every', respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. . $50 a month up.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st. ■
HOWARD, £606— Large ■ sunny! room, grate,
large closet, with board .for ' 2. -$35. •■ .■■ - ;
O'FARRKLL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: special rates for 2or more. •
EUTTER, — Elegant room and board; loca-
. tion unsurpassed; reasonable. ; , '_• .:
VAN NESS 'ave., Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class ' table board. ■
OFFICES TO LET.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 , Market, corner Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, lanltor and telephone: rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates.' 205 Fourth st.
T IIITERB.
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., HO Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Caltgraph. 115; Yost, $»:
■ get samnU work. SCOTT. SB3 Montaromerv at
PERSONALS.
PHYSICIAN (wide *•£"««• years oTdf~irTniee
position would like to marry a lady with a
fortune of at least $60,000. Address L. R.,
6039 Aberdeen st., Chicago, 111.
LEDERER'S Quinonia Is the only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp; 35c per
bottle; try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the hading hairdresser, charges
but 25c for dressing the* hair, any style; up-
to-date; switches $1 up; open Sunday and
Monday. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches, 10c; 10x12. 15c: 12x16,
20c: 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c;
22x28, €0c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, • studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES, 647 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
THE .Gastronome Restaurant, formerly ! the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs in the city.
A. GAUDARD, Prop., cor. Bush and Grant.
JOSEPH GREVE.N, instructor oT many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being Impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2, ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present: stamps ■
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st. i
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester ■
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms; ]
25c to $150 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
' free 'bus and baggage to and from, the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 813 Sutler.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases • of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 3416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN ffressmaklng, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
C011ege.. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
a¥tENTION! ZTT' "-—~~- -•——
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees It all, tells you all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
Interested in: business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY •
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly /confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and ppychometrlst, ' box 113. Oakland, Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from !
mines read, $2 50; life readings by mail, $2 50;
send for testimonials. ■
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance j
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult :
when others fail: sittings ft 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
■ night. 10c. 605 McAllister st.; come, skeptics.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' only materializing
Tuesday evening, 50c. 304 Stockton st. i
MOTHER SADlE— Materializing *eance to-
day at 12 o'clock: 50c. 409 Leavenworth.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. KATE HOPKINS, trance medium; read-
Ings dally, $1. 322 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frt., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8: 2.V: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco.
At 1023V4 Market Street. ; -.....^j^
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases: will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, - etc. •
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% Market st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; lie; ladles only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh. -
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
BLANCHE de Chapelle, card reading. 417
Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. '1169 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU, the . best medium' and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fesslon, has removed, to 21S Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
. advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
, band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. S. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
• teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Th« Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. •
~~' ; PALMISTRY. ■ ■ ;>• -
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR^'
.143 Phelan building,, third .floor. .; "
r DENTISTS. .; \<\'J.
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $6; cro\ ns, $3; fill-
. ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;'
written guarantee for ten years given: on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
, when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Ma*. in st. • . ;.
A FULL set of teeth, t $5; see new flexible
■ plates; light and thin.; guaranteed -10 years;
teeth without plates, crown -and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
; work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
- tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St. ; telephone Jessie 1132.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
■ ful secret 'method: crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received 8 first prizes:
,no students; guarantee 12 years. , ; ■■ • - . ;
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings
997 Market , St.. < corner Sixth. - - * ■ .
FULL set of teeth, -M; fillings. 250: 22k. gold
crowns, $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969. Mission st. ■■.■-.; . . ; 
DR. LUDLUM . HILL. 1443 ilarket St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, . bridge work und fillings a
specialty : all work ' reasonable; : gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of. teeth.
■ $4; filling, gold, 60c: silver. , 25c ;■> crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $8; est. 15 yrs.
BET of teeth • without a plate.- DR. H. O.
; young. IS4I Polk st. ;j ,- ■. . " . .■;,
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
-W. KEY. 1820 Market st. , - v; : . : . -*' V,=?
A WEEK'S ." news for 5 . cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing." : ' ':.
. ■_ ' ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ; . }
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. Q. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. ■B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, i rm.
- 607, Emma . Spreckels bldg.. 27. Market st. -
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. "W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; openevgs.Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. 8. CLARK— Spreckels bids."; 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fee« in advanc«.
PHYSICIANS. V
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C, O'Donnell, offlc«
and residence, 1021% Market. bat. 6th and 7th,
:.'...._. .... ....^IMEDICAL,;^...:^^-^
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
tafe cure for all- female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
" every comfort ; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkln. |
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and" confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 203 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL oX Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
! absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively cafe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 CO per box, sent free by mall
en receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
' aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1: cure $5.
1 By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
i years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 31S Kearny st. •
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
'. cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly: hours
5 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; sen'! 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. Vi- Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt..bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DON'NELL. world-reno\rned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all eases relieved lmmedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALL married ladles know "Segtiro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 C1ay at.;
Jl 50. Send 2i*. stamp for circulars to SEGU-
■ RO MFG. CO., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care an'! attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland CaL
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue r.vc. Loo Angele
~ EDUCATIONAL^
A SIN«B» G and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5; term, 6 mo.,
J. 75; languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course J3O; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition. 1900. Rooms
6 and 20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate ay.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, . languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sun-
veylng, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
u ates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st.; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, • English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, M); low rates
per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
60c hour ; -excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm.-
. ing, mcch. -survey; assay, archlt.; day & eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 913 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc: THE MISSES LANE. 3341 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1235 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. £72 Parrott bldg.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
_ C CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning WorUs — Cleans,
! moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
S3 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Camet-cleanlng Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works. 333 . Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ■
ADVANCE CarpeNdeaning Co.. .02 flutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~. STORAGE. ~'
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage^and~3iovTng~Cor
Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell: tel. Main S7ll
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
done: will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder. £21 X St., Sunset District. ■
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
' COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ,
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Beautiful country home. Just completed:
large grounds and acreage adjoining If de-
sired: San Mateo Co. Address box 593, Call.
WANTED— for 6, 10 and 500 acre ranch
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
HONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14. .
HIGHLY respectable- and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 844-846 Market St.; tel. Main 1634.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
.. private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V4' per. cent on real estate. 2d
' and 3d- mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. ■ R.i McCOLGAN; 24 -Montgomery, rm. 3.
$5000 IN sums' to suit; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
1 St., room 4, until ' Jan. ■1. ■■: >j\ .
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
vFICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and. undivided interests In
; estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
I tCO'TO $50,000; lbwest rates: Ist and Id mortg.:
nnv proposition. . Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
i '
FINANCIAL.
NOTES - discounted ;. loans negotiated. SYL-
, VAIN .. SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ' FURNITURE * FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. • H. BCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408. Eleventh St. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the. 'dollar; one 6. one
■ 6 and one 7 room cottage: also for investment,
' two 2-story cottages; pay 'net 10 per cent;
• best location. • Apply .to A. B. DENKE SR.,
'« Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge. •
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park St. t
BERKLnV REAL ESTATE. '-
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS Investment; house of IS
• • rooms; near the university; ; thoroughly well
: built;' all the -latest • improvements; street
.- work all . done; leased for $50 net monthly.
Apply to JOS. J. . MASON, Real Estate,
• Berkeley. ' ■ ...--..-
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In 'at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BARTON— In this city, December 25, 1898, to
the wife of Robert P. Barton, a eon. • ,
HERON— In this ■ city, - December I 25, > 1898, to
\ the wife of William M. Heron, a son,
SULLIVAN— this ■ city, - December ; 28, IS3B,
to the wife of J. P.. Sullivan, a daughter. ■
' MAERIED.
CONVERSE— EZEKIEL— In this city, Decem-
ber 26, 1698. by the Rev. W. S. Urmy Newton
B. Converse of Fresno, Cal., and Lillian
Ezeklel of San Francisco. . -
MARSHALL— In this city, Decem-
ber X, 1898, by the Rev. W. P. Urmy, James
Marshall and Albertean Francis, both of San
Francisco. - t . .
DIED.
Adler. Leopold Harris. Adolph
Bailey. John Hynes, John
Butler, Julia . Julian, Mrs. Fanny
Brekke. Nells P. Leavy, John
Colman, Esther Moren. . Augusta C.
Carlson, Edwin O'Connell. Margaret
Eckley. John L. Pearce, Henry M.
•Fail grieve, Julia E. Ray. John F.
Gaughran, John Riley, George F.
Glidden. Ada M. Sherman. O. H.
- Hutchlnson.: Joseph C I Sweeney. Ida
Heron, infant son I Street, Katie
Hall, Frederic | Schenkel. Peter
ADLER— In this city, December 25, 1898. Leo-
pold, beloved father of Henry, Felix and
Morris .V Her, a native of Germany, aged .80
•.years and 9 months. - -• - - - * . *
ICTFrienda are respectfully Invited to 'at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2:45
o'clock, from the parlors of Halsted & Co..
546 Mission street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
BAILEY— In this city, December 26. IS9B. at
the residence of his sister. Mrs. J. D. Wise-
man, John, beloved son of the late Hannah
Bailey, and brother of James and the late
• Edward Bailey and Mrs. J. D. Wiseman, a
native of Boston, Mass.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
._ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. J. D. Wiseman, 1635
Howard street, thence to the Church of St.
Joseph, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment EL. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
BUTLER— In this city, December 26. 1898, Julia,
relict of William Butler, and mother of Wil-
liam and sister of Mary Gabriel Butler, a
native of Ireland,' aged. 70 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son. 1177 Shotwell street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9' o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BREKKE— In this city. December 23. 1898.
. Neils Pederson Brekke, a native of Stavan-
ger, Norway, aged 35 years. .
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COLMAN— Iri this ! city, December 25, IS9S,
Esther, beloved wife of Abraham Colmah,
and dearly, beloved mother of Charles and
. Daisy Colman and Mrs. A. Abrahams, and
sister of Mrs. S. Wltkowskl and Jacob Lowen-
berg of New York, a native of Germany,
aged ES years and ■ 8 months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:13 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1257 Eddy s -e*t. between Laguna
and Buchanan, and thence by 11:30 o'clock
train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for In-
terment.
CARLSON— this city. December 28, 1898,
■ Edwin, beloved son of 8. P. and Jennie Carl-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
9 months and 27 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from, the family
residence, 1213 Folsom street. Interment
' Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ECKLEY— In this city, December 26. 1898, John
• Lorrell Eckley. a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 71 years 9 months and 9 days. (Massa-
chusetts . papers please copy.) ;'•>'*'
Funeral and Interment private.
FAIRGRIEVE— In this city, December 25, 18»S,
• Julia E., beloved wife of William B. Fair-
! grieve, and mother of Mrs. G. F. Wood of
this city and Mrs. C. L. McCracken of Pea-
cadero, a native of Maine, aged 64 years. . .
(TTFrlends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh. Interment' Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
GAUGHRAN— this city, December 25, 1898.
John, dearly beloved son of James and Mary
Gaughran, ■ and brother of Jennie, James,
Teresa, Robert, Joseph and Frances Gaugh-
ran, Mrs. T. F. Bannon and. Mrs. T. W.
Kelly of Santa Cruz, and the late Maggie
Gaughran, a native of San Francisco. '.
E?Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 2437 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter' Church,' where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' '.
GLIDDEN— In this city, December 25, 1898,
Ada M., beloved mother of Stanley ' and W.
. B. Glidden. and daughter of Matilda J. Rob-
ertson, a native of Oswego, N. .Y., aged 64
years 6 months and 25 days. '
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. W. B. Glidden, 2712 Webster
street, near Green. Interment private at Los
. Angeles, Cal. . •
HUTCHINSON— this city. December 26, 1898,
at his residence. 806 Valencia street, . Joseph
C. , beloved husband of Anna M. Hutchlnson,
and father of Mrs. Florence Hutchinson
Bourne, a native of Massachusetts, aged 61
years. '
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HERON— In this city, December 26. 1898, Robert
William, infant son of William M. and Adah
L. - Heron.
HALL— In this city. December 26. -1898, at hl€
residence, 626 Eddy street. Frederic Hall,, a
native of Vermont, aged 73 years. ' .. ;.
HARRIS— In this city, December 26, 1898.
Adolph, beloved son of Lawrence and Sarah
Harris, a native of San Francisco, , aged 6
weeks. . , ; •
HYNES— this city. December 26, 1898, John,
beloved son of James and the late Bridget
Hynes, and brother of Mamie, and Stephen
' Hynes, a native of San Francisco, aged .27
years 10 months and 2S daj
JULIAN— Oakland, - December 24, 1898, Mrs.
Fanny Julian, widow of the late H. Julian,
.and mother of G. B. Houghton, Miss 11.
Julian and Mrs. G. A. Soyer, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 69 years. . ..'. '.*/:.
!E7*Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
LEAVY— In Oakland, December 26, 1898, John
Leavy, a native of ' Tinney Cross, Kings
County, Ireland, aged 60 years. (Sacramento
papers please copy.) ' -
tfc?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Thurs-
■ day, December 29, ■ 1898, at 2 o'clock, from
his late residence, 309 Seventh street, thence
to the Church of Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn requiem mass, will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. j Interment
• St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. .'
MOREN— In this city, December. 25, 1598, Au-
gusta Cecilia, beloved wife of George G.
' Moren, and mother of George R. and Hazel
" M. Moren. a native of Sweden, aged 36 years
'7 months and 19 days. ■ . .
B^^'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 109 Falcon avenue (continuation of
-Eighteenth street). Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric funeral car.
O'CONNELL— In Oakland, December 26, 1898.
Margaret, beloved wife of P. J. O'Connell, a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
' (C?-The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock. Interment private.
! PEARCE— In ' this city, December 26, 1898,
Henry M., dearly beloved husband of. Mary
Pearce, and father of Mrs. Joseph Mells, Mrs.
' S \ D. Jones and Nellie G. Pearce, a na- :
tive of England, aged 63 years 10 months and
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
RAY— this city, December 25, 1898. John
Frederick beloved husband of Annie Ray,
and father of Albert Ray, a. native of . Nor-
way aged 38 years 5 months and 14 days. •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from, the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 633 Washington street.
Interment . Laurel Hill Cemetery. , . .-
RILEY— In this city, December 25, 1893, Geor*«
F., beloved son of James H. and Nellie Rlley,
and brother of Sadie. .Eddie, Walter, Arthur,
Josle and Maudle Rlley, • Mrs. T. Manning
and Mrs. Chris O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 2 ; months and 14 days. '
(Boston. Mass.. 'papers please copy.) ;'..,■
(DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
v fully Invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents," 768 Bryant street. Interment
Calvary Cemetery. ...
SHERMAN— In this city, December 24, 1898, O.
II , beloved husband of ' Amelia E. Sherman,
and father of Mrs. H. S. 'Dana, a native. of
Portsmouth, R. 1., aged. 76 years 1 month and
1 day. . ' • '
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited !to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock." from the First Uni-
tarian Church, corner of Geary and Franklin
streets. . Interment private.
STREET— In this city, December 26, 1898.
Katie, beloved wife of John Street, and
mother of Ada, Lorretta and Alice Street, a.
native of San Jose, Cal.. aged 41 years 7
months and 21 days.
|£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 419 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James' Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9. o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ...
SWEENEY— . this city, . December 25. 1898,
Ida. dearly beloved " mother of John. Mamie
and : Ida ' Sweeney and Mrs. Lulu Sarrallle,
and sister of John Coolidge, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 42 years.
SCHENKEL— In this city, December 26, 1898.
; Peter, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Schenkel. and stepfather, of Edward F. and
Henry -A. . Jansing, and brother of , Julius
and Charles Schenkel and Mrs. Philip Hahn
■ of Philadelphia, a native of Baden. Germany,
aged 58 years 10 months and 4 days. ...
: HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
1 . ; ■: (Successors to Flanagan A ■ Gallagher),
: FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAX^rffiß*,
'."'•. SO Fifth St., ccdoblU Lincoln ftohool. .
> Telephone South M. ".: - • , •
910
SMILED WHEN
SURPRISED BY
HER VICTIM
The Police Searching for a
Woman Burglar With a
"Sweet Face."
Enters a House in the Mission and Gets
Away With a Purse and Several
Articles of Jewelry.
fT^HE police are searching for a woman
I burglar who invaded the residence of
I Mrs. Tlscher at 218 Valencia street
■*■ and stole a purse containing $4 and
eerveral articles of jewelry. She is de
scribed. a 8 being fashionably dressed and
has a "sweet face."
Approaching the house, the woman rang
the doorbell, but meeting with no response
ehe entered and softly walked along the
Hallway. The rustle of her skirts at
tracted the attention of an elderly woman
•who rooms in the house, v and emerging
from her apartments she encountered the
female burglar. After profusely apolo
tf zing for entering the house without be
ing asked Bhe Informed the startled
woman that she was in search of a "dear
friend" who, she Uiought. lived under the
same roof with Miv Tischer. She feigned
surprise when told that her "dear friend"
did not live in the house, and again apolo
gizing for her intrusion, she started to
leave.
As she reached the door the guest of
Mrs. Tlscher re-entered her apartments,
thinking that the woman would not re
turn. A few minutes later Mrs. Tlscher,
who was in the rear of the house, saw
the female burglar emerging from her
room. Approaching her she demanded to
know what she was doing in her house.
With a sweet smile and many apologies
A RIVAL FOR RICHMOND.
Sunset Bids to Surpass the Older Set
tlement North of the Park.
What in pioneer days was known as the
"Richmond and Sweeny" surveys com
prises two sections, one on each siae of
Golden Gate Park, and was so called in
honor of the first settlers. The one on
the south side was known as the
"Sweeny" survey and was so designated
by reason of Thomas U. Sweeny, the
donor of Sweeny"s Observatory, on the
summit of Strawberry Hill in Golden
Gate Park, who was the first settler
In what is now known as "Sunset Val
ley." where he purchased sixty acfW of
Band dunes in IR«3 and built a little home
for himself. That house stands as a mon
ument of pioneer foresight and faith in
the future of San Francisco on the cor
ner of Seventh avenue and X street, on
the roadway leading: from the park to the
Almshouse.
This old Sweeny survey retained its vir
fln appearance until very recently, when
weeny and others disposed of portions
of their holdings to heads of families
seeking moderately priced realty upon
which to build Jinnies for themselves and
their familk-s. With the advent of theoe
Seekers of outside property Sunset Valley
pecame a portion of the tax-paying prop
erty of the city, and "Sweeny's survey"
was blotted off the official map and "Sun-
Bet Valley" took its place in the same way
that Richmond assumed a new dig
nity on the north side of the park.
It is within the past four years that
Sunset commenced to loom up as a
progressive settlement. At present there
are over 500 people living in the place.
Within this period a fine public school
has been built for the use of the chil
dren, as also several churches.
In addition to these improv -ients a
eystem of sewerage has been c .Wished
which makes the place one of ; ... most
healthy of the outside districts. As a pro
tection against fire a contract has been
let for the erection of an engine house
On Tenth avenue, in which will be housed
? chemical engine and a hose cart. The
mprovement Club has been very active,
end, in fact, it was through its* persist
ent agitation and influence that so much
progress has been made within the past
year in advancing the value of taxable
property and turning a revenue into the
city treasury out of what was outside
waste and unproductive land. The pres
ent Board of Supervisors redeemed its
promise to extend electric lights into this
Bection.
In addition to all of these good things
the Market-street Railroad Company has
favored Sunset Valley with a line of elec
tric cars, running through H street di
rect to the ocean and to the city front.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wild"
With Eczema
Hands and Limbs Covered with
Blisters and Great
Red Blotches.
Scratched Until Almost Wild.
Burned Like Fire. Sleep
Impossible.
Cutioura Brings Speedy Relief,
and a Permanent Cure
at a Cost of $2.
I was a sufferer for eight years from that
most distressing of all diseases. Eczema. I
tried some of the best physicians in the
country, but they did me little good. The
palms of my hands were covered, and would
Become inflamed ; little white blisters at lirst
would appear, then tLey would peel off, lear-
f njr, a red, smooth surface which would burn
like fire and itch; well, there is no name for
It. On the inside of the upper part of both my
limbs, great red blotches, not unlike hives,
would appear, and as soon as I became warm,
the burning and itching would begin. Night
after night I would lie awake all night and
scratch and almost go wild. I heard of Ccti-
cuba Remedies, got a box of Ccticciia (oint-
ment) a bottle of Cuticviul Resolvent and
gave them a thorough trial, and after a few
applications I noticed the rednesss and inflam-
mation disappear; before I had used one box
there was not a. sign of -Eczema left.. 1 can
truthfully assert that 2.00 worth of Cmncciu,
Remedies cured me.
J. D. PORTE, 1115 Carson St., Pitteburg, Pa.
Itohing humorf, torturing, dliflguring eczemas, and
MTery •peciet of itching, burning, acaly, crusted, and
simply akin sod scalp diieatei, with dry, thin, and fall-
ing hsfr.biatutlr reUeTed by a tingle application. and
apeedlly «nd economically cured by Cdticc«a Remb-
bibs, when all el»e falla.
IWiTAITT BlLlir AX» SriEDT CITBI TbI ATMBVT MB
ETi«y Hcilo«.-V<rarro bath, with Cutici «a fco A r.
gYn" anoint ten with CcTtcißA (ointment), purett of
fmoll'ent .kin car«, and mild doaea of Ci'ticob* *"
•oi r.iir, of blood purifier, and humor cure..
Sold throughout th« world. Pottbb Dbco Cnrn.
] 2&W& B BAvw***pr*«Ktm.
for causing "so much trouble." she bade
the astonished woman farewell and at
once left the house.
A short time afterward Mrs. Tisher had
occasion to visit her sleeping apartments,
and was surprised to find her purse and.
several articles of jewelry gone. Con
vinced that her unbidden visitor had
taken them, she summoned the policeman
on the beat and told him of her loss.
Yesterday she visited police headquarters
and gave a description of the woman to
Captain Bohen. She describes her as
being about 35 years of age and a clever
conversationalist.
Mrs. Tischer had read in the newspapers
of the arrest of Clara Duvall for shop
lifting, and from the description given of
her she was inclined to believe that she
was the woman who had entered her
house and stolen her money and jewelry.
As the Duvall woman was out on bond's,
pending her examination in the Police
Court, she did not have a chance to see
her. To-day, when the examination of
the alleged shoplifter 1b called, Mrs.
Tischer will be taken into court for the
purpose of seeing whether or not she can
identify her.
During the past few weeks several
houses in the Mission have been entered
by the same woman and various articles
of jewelry taken.
In one place she used a skeleton key In
opening the front door. The police be
lieve that she Is accompanied by a man
who assists her in breaking into houses
Another branch line of the same company
to n& te n( e( M! origr Sta ny*n street
to the Affiliated Colleges.
With these incentives buildings are go
ing up at the rate of three new houses
every month. Streets and avenues are
being graded, sewered and macadam
ized over places that were not many years
since the homes of gophers and rabbits
£rom the strides now being made by the
Sunset alley people Richmond, on the
north, will have a rival of no mean di
mensions ere long.
1 ENTERTAINED BY LITTLE ONES.
A Large Audience Appreciated the
Efforts of the Children's Pro
gressive Lyceum.
Little children, dressed In white, glit
tering with tinsel and bespangled with
pretty ornaments, presented a Christmas
operetta and a pretty tableau in Pythian
Castle last evening, and their efforts were
greatly appreciated by a large audience of
friends and members of the Children's
Progressive Lyceum.
The occasion was the twenty-seventh
annual Christmas entertainment of the
organization, which has for its object tHe
teaching of spiritualism. The society has
over fifty adult members, and the Chil- '
dren Progressive Lyceum has nearly 100
■ members. The latter branch is in the
nature of a Sunday-school, wherein the
little ones are taught the principles of
their elders.
A large Christmas tree, laden with
candy and toys, stood in front of a plat
form erected for the occasion, and at the
conclusion of the juvenile programme
banta Claus rewarded the participants
with, gifts and candy.
An interesting programme, consisting
of the following numbers, was also ren
red U Piano sol °. S. E. Cook; recitation
Miss Frances Buckland; vocal solo, Mrs
Bailey; selections by Professor Graeber's
| mandolin and banjo class; vocal solo, Mr.
Lillie; instrumental duet, violin and piano
Professors Young and Bothwell; fancy
dance. Miss F. Buckland. Dancing fol
lowed until a late hour.
The committee in charge consisted of
S - E^ })■ Bjtegs, Mrs. M. C. Richard
son and Mrs. S. E. Cooke
FOR ADJUTANT GENERAL.
Choice of the State Central Commit
tee Not Wholly Acceptable to
Governor Gage.
The fifld swms to be wide open for all
candidates for the position of adjutant
general of California under the incoming
administration. It is whispered in the cor
ridors of the Palace Hotel that leading
members of the Republican State Central
Committee, who presented to Governor
elect Gage the name of a candidate ac
ceptable to them, have received a hint
that the Governor is not quite satisfied
with the committee's nomination.
The impression Is gaining strength that I
Mr. Gage Intends to follow his own mcli- |
nation in making certain appointments. •
In the appointment of adjutant general
and secretary of the State Board of Ex
amlnera the Governor-elect has obviously
decided to select men satisfactory to him
self, without regard to the wishes of the
patronage bureau of the State Central
Committee.
Those places were promised by the com
mittee, or certain members thereof, before
Mr. Gage was advised of his election.
Some surprise was manifested when it
was ascertained that he did not intend to
ratify the selection of the committeemen.
DR. STEBBINS BETTER.
The Aged Pastor Slowly Recovering
From His Sickness — His Phy
sicians Hopeful.
Rpv. Horatio Stebhins, the aged pastor
of the First Unitarian Church, still lies
at his home, 1609 Larkln street, in a pre
carious condition. While not out of dan
ger, his physicians still have hopes for
his ultimate recovery.
Dr. C. N. Ellinwood, who has been con
stantly in attendance on the venerable
preacher, stated that his patient rested
easier yesterday than during the past
week. A few days ago it was deemed ad
visable to call in other physicians for pur
poses of consultation, and Dr. nenry
Gibbons and Dr. W. S. Cheney were sent
for. It is definitely announced that the
three doctors are hopeful of the sick
man's ultimate recovery.
Butcher Schenkel Fell Dead.
Peter Schenkel fell dead yesterday af
ternoon at the corner of Fifth avenue and
X street in South San Francisco. He had
been separating two dogs that were fight
ing and the^exertlon, coupled with the ex
citement, was too much for him and he
sank to the sidewalk, expiring almost im
mediately. Schenkel was 60 years old and
a native of Germany. He was a wholesale
butcher and leaves a widow and two step
sons.
Railroad Trainmen.
Next Thursday evening Western Shore
Lodge No. 71 of the Brotherhood of Rail
road Trainmen will give its thirteenth
anniversary ball in Reed's Hall, Oakland
and the committee In charge of the func
tion have the hope that this will equal if
not surpass any previously given. The
grand inarch is announced for 9 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAT, DECEMBER 27, 1898.
FREDERICK HALL, A PIONEER
ATTORNEY, HAS PASSED AWAY
Came to This Coast in J849 and During; His Life Devoted Much
Time to a Study cf the Laws of Mexico — Was
RetAined by Maximilian.
FREDERICK
HALL, a n
eminent at
torney, who
came to this
coast in 1849,
died suddenly
at his home, 626
Eddy street,
yesterday
morning. The
cause of his
unexpected de
mise is sup
posed to have
been heart dis
ease. He retired
on Sunday night
1 n apparently
the best o i
health. When
he did not ap
pear at his cus
tomary hour
yesterday
morning hi s
■wife went to
his room and
found him
dead.
Decedent was
a native of
Rutland, Vt.,
and was the
only son of the
late Judge Wil
liam Hall. For
many years he
■was a resident
of San Jose,
owning a large
tract of land in Santa Clara County. In 1858, having accumulated a fortune
at his profession, he made an extended tour of Europe, remaining abroad a
year and a half. In 1868 he went to the City of Mexico as attorney for the late
Benjamin Holladay Sr. While there Emperor Maximilian was held a prisoner
by the Liberal party, then in conflict with the Monarchial party. The Em
peror summoned Mr. Hall and engaged him as counsel in the trial then pend
ing. A warim friendship sprang up between the two men. After the Em
peror's death Judge Hall wrote a book of his life.
In 1875 he was the Democratic nominee for .Judge of the Probate Court
and was defeated by Judge Myrick. In 1880 he was one of the attorneys for
the Mexican Central Railroad. During a two years' residence in the City of
Mexico he compiled an extensive legal work entitled "Hall's Mexican Law"
At the time of his death he was employed as the keeper of Mexican archives
He leaves a widow and two children— Norman W. Hall and Miss Evelin
|
GAMES GO ON
WHILE CHIEF
LEES DREAMS
No Attempt Made to
Close Them.
MORE STUDPOKER FOUND
ONE ESTABLISHMENT LOCATED
IN THE HEART OF THE CITY.
Some of the Favored Slot Machines
Escape the Sudden Onslaught
of the Police Depart
ment.
The attention of Chief of Police
Lees Is respectfully called to the fact
that beyond raiding a few nickel-in-the
slot machines he has made no move to
ward suppressing gambling in this city.
Lees' persistent inaction goes far toward
nullifying his feeble attempt to shift the
responsibility upon his subordinates after
The Call had shown the utter unworthi
ness of his assertion that no gambling
was going on, and it strengthens belief
in the repeated statements of Joe Har
vey's touts that the Palace Hotel faro
game at least was under police protection.
The Call has given Chief Lees the loca
tion of faro, crap and stud poker games In
all parts of the city, but there has been
no sign of any move on his part to sup
press them. To be sure, some of the gam
blers, taking alarm at The Call's expose,
have suspended operations, but they have
by no means closed their games perma
nently, and are only waiting for matters
to quiet down before resuming operations
as openly as they were running before
attention was directed to them.
There is no desire to do Chief L«es an
injustice. He is very old, and must of
necessity place some dependence on his
subordinates; consequently it would be
manifestly unfair to criticize his lack of
knowledge of the stud poker games at
Inglesido. Nobody could expect the vet
eran of forty years' service in the depart
ment and innumerable street parades to
look for gambling out there. If he ever
got that far from home he would never
find his way back; but when, figuratively
speaking, he has dozed night after night
under a faro table it does seem as though
he ought to know something about what
was going on.
Old Eagle Eye knows about everything
that is going on. If you don't believe it,
ask him, and he will tell you so. But
there are a few things in connection with
games and gaming that he seems to be
a little musty on. For instance, he has
been overwhelmed with astonishment at
The Call's long list of establishments that
flourish all about him, never once dream
ing that such a thing could be possible.
Doubtless he will be more shocked and
grieved tlra.ii ever to learn that stud
poker flourishes in the heart of town as
well aR at Ingleslde and that the racing
contingent, including jockeys, touts and
others who have neither the Inclination
nor the equipment to tease the tiger have
I been in the habit of indulging in this
royal game of bluff nightly.
The game is located upstairs in the
building at the corner of Post street and
Grai^t avenue, and is conducted by Billy
Lyons and the George brothers. It was
I not running Last night, and the proprie
| tors may have concluded to adjourn for
I a brief rest; but up to within a few nights
ago it was in full swing. This game is
exceedingly popular with the racing peo
ple, for it has the reputation of being
conducted honestly, and. a player stands
! some chance of winning more than the
"house" will claim. But, honest or not,
it is illegal, and were Chief Lees not so
engrossed in dreamy contemplation of his
own greatness it would have been sup
pressed long before this.
There is consternation not only among
the cigar and saloon men who Tiave ope
rated the big lever nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines, but among the agents therefor.
For the past three days they have
not known exactly where they were "at"
owing to the surprising act of Chief Lees,
for the senile head of the' Police Depart
ment has been doing some ground and
lofty tumbling, the reason for which the
agents cannot locate.
This situation grows out of the fact
that Lees within the past few days has
had his "hurry-up" wagons and hospital
vehicles scouring the town and seizing
every machine of this description that
could be "found." The rapid action aid
not end with the seizure, for in many in
stances the proprietor of the house was
required to put up $100 cash guarantee of
good faith or to go to jafl with his slot
box. Of course there were cases where
the man behind the star forgot about
the little matter of money while carrying
away the machine. Another peculiar
feature of the situation Is the fact
notfflS ♦5 ? nt a . nd Proprietors were not
P°" fl . ed hat v. their machines were ta
™i?f k * On the other hana they were per
thiirV 0 ** 0 to th S "cense office and pay i
Thl ££?* d v?, ones lx. T unnln ? the games. !
Th£* k 1 , thlng they knew es was on
Am™«r b fiC k8 with haml and claws.
1£?,? iff the Ruling features of the on
a,usht was the fact that the card me
chines that are operated alongside the
Ifi\t r hlnes were not disturbed, not
withstanding the circumstance that they
are practically as much a percentage
game as the big boxes.
Those who use the machines as an ad
junct to their business are satisfied that
the trouble is due to the carelessness of i
the machine agents in not "loosening" up i
In a financial way -to those who have the !
fate of the seductive machines in their
discretion. Possibly the holiday demands
are unusually heavy, and they thought
the largess could be produced after the
first of the year without any disastrous I
consequences; but the results have
proved the error of their judgment to
their entire dissatisfaction. It appears
to be a case of spilled milk, and they
can only regret that the proper "glad
hand" had not been presented before the
"hurry up" wagons were ordered out.
Up in the City Hall there are about
two carloads of these machines, many of
which are loaded with honest nickels, the
ownership of which is yet to be deter
mined. These devices are incidentally
worth five double eagles each, and with
$100 that was put up by those who did not
want to go to jail the virtuous Chief has I
a Jot of property on his*nands that does I
not belong to him or the city.
Heretofore the rule has been to scare !
the agents by making seizures or cover-
Ing up the boxes with towels and bring
ing some special subject into court to
whom a lecture was delivered by his Hon
or. In view of the fact that it has been I
shown that Chief Lees has permitted the j
playing of all kinds of games from faro I
down and must now make a record," not- !
withstanding the counter Interests of I
Police Commissioner Gunst, the five-cent j
men anticipate a great deal of trouble
before the difficulty shall have been ad
justed. Speaking of this phase .of the
complication last night one of the agents
said:
"We are at a loss to understand what |
has come over the spirit of Chief Lees' I
dreams. Heretofore, when he found it |
necessary to make trouble the agents, I
saloon men and cigar dealers wore noti- I
fled that the jig was up and to stop using
the machines. These ordera were obeyed !
and after certain ceremonies were per- i
formed the slot boxes were again allowed i
to do business.
"After this exposure with reference to
faro games the department came down on
us like a wolf on the fold and yanked
the machines nut to the Hall. Further
more, many of the proprietors of the
boxes had to put up a hundred dollars
or go to jail.' This is a new deal and we
don t know where we are at. Either Lees
is scared or some one has lost his pull
in the force and is not in a position to
prevent the slot machines from getting
in l;ad odor. Of course, it is understood
that the special police graft is in the card
machines, but if this pinching act is car
ried to a finish we will see how fine a
distinction the Chief can make in decid
ing what is and what is not a percent
age game.
"It goes without saying that we outsid
ers cannot get as close to t^e 'police-and
sanitary-regulation mill' as a Police Com
missioner, who has a more than fatherly
interest in card machines, but when we
are allowed to go to the City Hall and
paj» our good money to the License Col
lector for the operation of these ma
chines we ought not to be subjected to
the whims of the Chief or to outside in
fluences brought to bear upon him by our
competitors. We only ask for a fair
shake and do not know of any reason
why we should not have it.
"Those of us who are being squeezed in
this game have not decided upon any
combined action to secure our rights in
the matter. We may make a test case
of it or let things take their course
Heretofore things have taken their course
and the "result has been fairly satisfac
"No I do not think the Supervisors
have had anything to do with this move
notwithstanding the fact that they would
be willing to take a farewell 'handout
just as they are going out of office. How
ever, the inside of this business will be
made plain before long. Then we wil
discover a gray-haired African in the
WO0(1 Pile who will have trouble In justi
fying his course."
STILL CELEBRATING.
The Police Claim This Has Been the
Most Bibulous Christmas on
Record.
According: to the police this has been
the most bibulous Christmas on record
Sunday morning eighty-seven drunks
were discharg-ed by Judge Joachlmsen
and yesterday morning the number
reached 127, making a grand total for the
two days of 214. They were a motley
crowd of men and women as they ranged
themselves before the Judge, and all had
the same excuse to offer-"Christmas."
The property clerk had more property
taken from prisoners than at any pre
vious occasion in his recollection
Compared with Sunday, the cases treat
ed at the Receiving Hospital were few
and moat of them consisted of broken
noses.
Pickpockets were busy Sunday and sev
eral cases were reported at police head
quarters yesterday morning. The result
has been that Captain Bohen has in
structed his force of detectives to bring
in every known pickpocket and bunko
man in the city, and he will throw tne
onus of disposing of them upon the Po
lice Judges.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— J. B. Eastland
and T. B. Eastland of San Francisco are
at the Imperial.
short week— five days. compare prices and
Short Week — five days. see the different goods
short prices-all departments. before yon buy; we
snort pnces~au departments. particularly wish tws!
every person who came In here last week saw how rushed we were: "standing , room only" all
over our stores above and below; we had a phenomenal week, consequently there are "a few of
this" and "a little of that" balances, which we shall close out; all reduced, some to cost!
what remains of the 1899 calendars, booklets and Christmas cards, albums, comb and brush sets,
glove or handkerchief boxes, hairpin boxes, opal hand painted ash trays, puff boxes and hairpin
trays.
a small and happy family group of dressed dolls; games, books, blackboards, tin and wooden
trays, guns, swords and lead soldiers.
36 in muslin
5 bales, unbleached, heavy quality, on sale as long as it lasts, per yard 3 l-2o
gents 1 50c four-in-hand neckwear, dark colors, neat patterns, this week each .25a
flannelettes
in light and medium colors, in stripes, the heavy fleecy kind, per yard ...*.. 6c
15-inch wide bleached canton flannel, per yard ...?. M ......5a
underwear
sale.
BO dozen children's camel hair colored
wool underwear, heavy quality, fine
and soft; just enough cotton to keep
from shrinking: shirts silk bound
neck and front; pants and drawers
to match. ;i l : ;.:'-:;,;,;_';
size 18, 20 and 22 25c.
size 24. 26 and 23.....; ......30c
size 30, 32 and 34.. 35c
(these goods are about at half price.)
turkish
towels.
unbleached, extra large size, QC/>
27x58, heavy quality *t%3\*
glass toweling, 17 inches wide, fine
weave, red and blue checks, '7'C
per yard "■',, w>
blankets.
100 pair white wool blankets, good
and heavy, 90 per ■ cent wool, silk
bound, pink, blue ant Or A CA
scarlet O^»Ull
quilts.
colored crochet quilts, full size, hem-
med, in light blue. red. fir | QSJ
nile green and dark blue PltOU
box
robes.
1 UUCcS.
In fashionable black crepons and
braided effects. $13.50. $15 suit; In
fancy two-toned corded effects, firQ
■well, suit.. «p€7
San Francisco's greatest mail order house,
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
and still we're growing/
PRESS OF FRANCE
ALONE IS HOSTILE
European Sentiment as
to America.
VIEWS OF SENATOF. FRYE
OUB POLICY NOT RECEIVED
WITH DISFAVOR,
"Says the United States Government
Is Not Committed With Respect
to the Disposition of the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Senator
Frye talked to-day to a Star reporter
with respect to the conditions attend
ing and resulting from the peace ne
gotiations.
"With respect to the frequently re
peated statement in press dispatches
that the sentiment of the powers, with
the exception of England, was opposed
to the United States and looked with
disfavor upon the attitude of this Gov
ernment in dealing with Spain, Senator
Frye said:
"I saw no evidence of such sentiment
existing outside of France, and In
France that sentiment appeared to be
confined to the press, which does not
reflect the sentiment of the nation nor
the people generally."
"Do you think there will be any
restoration of cordial relations be
tween Spain and the United States?"
"I think that very soon after the rati
fication of the peace treaty- and the
restoration of diplomatic relations
there will be no difficulty about nego
tiating commercial treaties and a
treaty for the release of prisoners and
such other matters directed toward the
perfect restoration of friendly relations
between the two governments. Ido not
believe that the Spanish Government
will be at all disposed. to keep up an
unfriendly feeling between tha two
silk
offerings.
new arrival of black gros grain silks,
every yard with Hale's guarantee. .
22-inch wide, three grades....
.......$1.50 91.75 $2
fancy, silks In pekln and swivel
stripes and - fancy plaids, ' 21-inch
wide, two qualities $1 and -91 .25
»
millinery
sale.
we have taken every one of our swell
french hats and cut 'he price in two;
every other hat we have is in the
reduction ; sale and an early inspec-
tion is invited— see window display.
capes.
fancy plush capes, thlbet fur all
round, silk lined, handsomely em-
broidered In braid and beads: 20-
inch deep; 105-inch sweep fir A QP%
jackets.
ladles' . nice ■ quality kersey Jackets,
darted sleeves, strap seams, turn-
down . collar, silk serge lined, box
front, ' perfect fit and C*7 PZ{\
finish, sizes 34 to 40...... «D i «t>U
black kersey Jackets, storm collar,
silk serge lined, newest sleeves,
understand box front, man fITCT
tailored, size 34 to 44............ €J>O
governments. The making of new
treaties adapted to the present condi
tions would be better than the restora
tion of the old treaties, some features
of which were obsolete."
"What has been published with re
spect to the treaty of peace seems to
indicate, does it not, that this Govern
ment is not committed by these nego
tiations with respect to the future dis
position of the territory, the Spanish
sovereignty over which has been re
linquished?"
"It indicates very strongly that this
Government is not committed in any
way whatever with respect to the dis
position arid government of these is
lands. If we are insane enough to do
so we might give them all back to
Spain after the ratification of the
treaty. If we were fools we might di
vide them up among the other foreign
powers. The whole matter is left in
the hands of Congress. Congress can
make any disposition of the islands it
sees fit. The ratification of the treaty
will not in any way curtail any privi
leges of ours in this direction."
A CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL.
Interesting Exercises by the Sunday-
School Children of the German
Evangelical Church.
Santa Claus commenced his annual tour
of the Sunday-schools throughout the city
last evening. Among the many he visited
was that associated with the German
Evangelical Enianuel Church, on Twelfth
street. In anticipation of his coming two
immense trees laden with every possible
attraction to the children were erected In
the church proper, where the festival was
held. Just previous ■to his arrival the
myriads of bright candles were lighted
and every preparation was made to give
him a cordial welcome. After the
many presents which he brought with
him for the children were presented the
following programme in his honor was
rendered before the immense audience of
parents, friends and others interested in
the success of the festival: Song by the
audience; prayer, Rev. F. W. Fischer
pastor of the church; opening address,
Harry Mondrell; recitation. Miss Ida De
goner; trio, the Misses Clara and Jose
phine Clark and Master William Clark
"Symbols of Christ," Misses E. Peters,
E. Davis, Millie Reutschler, Clara Berg,
Tillie Erb. Lillie Becker and Amy Fischer
song by the choir; recitation by the in
fant class; recitation. Misses Frieda Hug
and Edna Willis; recitation, H. H. Swift
recitation, Miss Ruby Ralech; recitation.
Miss Kate Kron; recitation. Miss Lena
Linden; recitation, Master George Selig;
cantata, "Three Wise Men of the East "
W. Kohler, J. E. Mauerhan, A. Pipehberg,
G. J. Senk; assisted by six or more young
ladies of the church.
After the rendition of the programme
the entertainment was concluded with se
lections by the choir.
Robbed a Saloon.
John Curran, a boy 18 years of age,
was arrested at an early hour yesterday
morning by Policemen Flynn and Laws
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
wrapper
sale.
we wish again to-day to see a
crowded cloak department, so offer
ladies' flannelette wrappers, body
lined, pleated back, straps around
waist, dark effects, bound armholes,
all sizes, splendid fit ....... OQ-
swansdown flannelette wrapper, ex-
tra heavy, yoke front and > back,
skirt 314 yds. wide, separate waist
lining, seams hemmed and armholes
hound, colors gray, blue or brown
combination; sizes 34 Or 1 (\i\
to 44... t> I •£>(_)
67 silk waists on sale to-day.
handkerchiefs.
the balance of our ladles' 12Hc and
15c handkerchiefs, initial hem- O^-»
stitched, will go quickly at.... «7L>
each
fans.
125 spangled empire fans, imported -
sample line of hand-painted O PC
gauze and silk fans Jm%j\*
100 fancy cretonne head rests Icr
with ruffle lt>£
our entire line of sofa cushions-
remarked for a speedy sale— a nlo«
opportunity for a good New Tear"!
gift.
I •
hosiery.
ladles' black lisle hose, fine quality
high spliced heels, double O«r^»
soles and toes 2Ow
of burglary. He and another boy broke
Into the saloon of J. A. Boas, Eighth and
Tehama streets, and stole four bottles of
liquor, two boxes of cigars, two boxes of
tobacco, a box of cigarettes, and seven
cigars, which are booked as evidence
against him at the prison.
« ♦ ■
HIS CHRISTMAS LARGESS.
J. L. Flood Does Not Forget His An
nual' Gift to the Deserving.
J. L. Flood has remembered thepoorand
deserving with his usual Chrismas gift,
divided as follows:
Protestant Orphan Asylum, $1000; Cath
olic Orphan Asylum, $1000; Hebrew Or
phan Asylum, $1000; San Rafael Orphan
Asylum, $1000; Magdalen Asylum, $500-
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, $250; Califor
nia Woman's Hospital, $250; Armitape
Orphanage, $250; Hospital for Children
and Training School for Nurses, $500; St.
Francis Technical-School, $500; Sisters of
the Holy Family, $250. Total, $6500.
(hauncey
Depew
Records of one of his amusing
after dinner speeches is In our possess-
ion. When the
GramOphone
reproduces It you
practically hear Mr. Depew. The talk-
ing is very distinct. All it lacks !s
animation itself. Christmas is corn-
ing. The Gram-o-phone suggests itself
Price $27.50
two records free
Additional records 60c each; $7 a dozen
Constantly on exhibition it
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Keamy and Sutter Sts. San Francisco