VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 127.
SAMPSON TO
BE MADE THE
SCAPEGOAT
Blame for the Campaign Scandals
to Be Foisted on the
Admiral,
General Corbin Said to Have Prepared an Elab
orate Report for the Commission With
This Object in View.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: There is a merry row
between the army and navy over the
evidence that will soon be forthcoming
before the Army Investigation Commit
tee. In this evidence, both the haste
in starting off the troops for Santiago
and the delay later is blamed directly
or indirectly upon Admiral Sampson.
The blame is not placed in the report
in direct terms, but it is so inserted in
the paper as to give it that force.
The document referred to is the an
swer of Adjutant General Corbin to the
communication addressed to him by the
Commission. General Corbin estimated
that it will be about one thousand
pages or three million words. It in
cludes the correspondence sent and re
ceived relative to the campaigns in Ma
nila, Porto Rico and Cuba in chrono
logical order. His answer was this
morning sent to the Commission.
Part of the dispatch from Admiral
Sampson at Santiago, under date of
June 7, is in these words:
"If ten thousand men were here the
city of Santiago would be ours in forty
eight hours."
• This dispatch also -was sent by Ad
miral Sampson on June 7:
"Only await arrival of troops to re
duce Santiago."
Thereupon General Shafter replied on
June S:
"I will come to-morrow morning."
Then came the advice that a "spook"
Spanish fleet was in sight and the
starting of the transports was delayed
until June 14.
These two facts will be relied on by
the War Department to show that Gen
eral Shafter could not have waited
longer than he did and that the packing
together of men in the transports for I
flve days mure pending the dels."/ was
from no fault of Shafter's.
The War Department officials have j
for the first time from weariness j
stopped blaming one another, and since
the exhaustive statement of General j
Miles, after his return from Porto Rico
he has been looked upon with whole- j
some fear, if not with affection. It was .
seen that he had become too strong to j
be made a scapegoat and so Sampson
will now be experimented upon.
"It is a dangerous experiment," said
a naval officer to-day, "but it is to be
tried."
GENERAL WHEELER
BEFORE THE COMMITTEE
His Testimony Tends to Defend Shaf
ter and Make Light of
Scandals.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.— The War In
vestigating Commission began its ex
amination of witnesses to-day by plac
ing General Joseph Wheeler on the
stand.
Speaking of the proceedings after the
first battles in Cuba he explained that
he had been reported sick and that ■
there were some movements just prior
to the battle at El Caney with which
he was not familiar.
"I was not sick." he said, "but I had
been so on the 29th and 30th. Still, I
had not gone on the sick list. 1 had a
f-ver, but I appreciated the situation,
took medicine and came out all right."
He was in the battle of El Caney and
expressed the opinion that more men
had been killed in the formation of the
line than afterward. He told of the I
necessity for wading the San Juan
River, saying that the water was about
■waist deep.
•I ought to say," said the general, in
the course of his testimony, "that it was
magnificent to see officers of high rank
go ashore with their packs oij their
backs, accepting all the fortunes of war
with their men. They slept on the
ground with the soldiers. None of us
were mounted, and we were without
tents for seven days."
The supplies he considered sufficient
except in v few Instances, and In those
the deficiency was only temporary.
"General Bht».fter," he said, "deserves
gTeat credit for the zeal he displayed in
this respect, lie devoted himself to this ■
task, and I think there is no doubt that
he succeeded. We used pack trains and
there was comparatively little suffering
because of the shortness of quarter
master's supplies."
Discussing the plan of campaign, he
said he doubted whether any more ef
fective could h lye been adopted. Speak
ing of the medical department, be said
at times there were complaints, but
that they were not serious. On ac
casionfl there was shortage of surgeons,
some of the medical men being sick or
•wounded. Aocording to General Wheel
er's belief the wounded in battle were
promptly cared for by the surgeons.
After the fteht of July 1 all the wound
ed were carried from the field that
night. The witness had heard that
there was more complaint of the short
age of medicine among the infantry
than in the cavalry service.
Going back to Tampa he said there
■was at tin >s some shortage of sup
plies at the camp, "but nothing," he
added, "that a soldier should complain
of." They had comfortable tents and
the commissary supplies were suffi
cient. The water supply also was good.
Returning to the Santiago campaign,
he said that only two regiments had re
ported a shortage of rations, and he
had Immediately telephoned to the rear
and the shortage, which was due to ac
cident, had been adjusted. There was
Buffering when the men were compelled
to lie in the breastworks. The meat
was poor and they had no bread but
hardtack. They were forced to live in
The San Francisco Call
I the sun and water alternately and
j necessarily there was much sickness.
While they had the full quota of doc
- he thought that ;r more
! had been furnished the men would
i have been better cared for. As for ra
i tions, three days' supply was generally
1. Whenever the troops went into
n they would throw their food
i away as well as their packs, and they
n did no ; recover them.
In reply to questions he stated that
j he never had heard of any shortage of
; commissary or ordinance supplies at
tgo, but he had been told that the
medical supplies were short, yet he
; had no personal knowledge on this
point. He had seen some wounded men
crawling to the rear in the engage
; ments, but, as a rule, as soon as a man
fell in battle he was carried to the hos
pital by the medical corps. He said
'• that, as a rule, the quality of the hard
i tack was good. Where there was de
'■ terioration it was due to local rains
j and not to the fact of original in
| ferlority.
The spirit of the army was such, he
| said, that there was no disposition to
j complain.
"The men were all proud to be there
and willing to ndergo hardships."
Replying to a question from Colonel
Denby, Gener; - Wheeler said the regu-
I lars had shown greater ability to take
i care of themsel'-es than the volunteers.
Captain Howell asked to what he at
tributed the development of disease af
j ter the capitulation of Santiago. Gen
eral Wheeler . plied that it was due to
I the climate and to the necessary ex
! posure. All the men seemed to be more
!or less affected by the conditions. He
I had, he said, known of no instance of a
; sick or wounded man dying from want
'of care from the physicians. So far as
I he knew there wlj general commenda
i tion of the medical corps, except that
jon one or two ccasions there had been
i some grumbling in regard to the gen
! eral conditions. He thought there was
a deficiency in the number of ambu
lances, but this deficiency was dv*> to
the exigencies of the campaign.
General Wheeler also said, in reply
to Captain Howell, that he knew of no
confusion in the securing of supplies
from Tampa.
After recess General Wheeler devoted
his testimony chiefly to his experience
at Camp Wikoff, Montauk Point.
The general location and the trans
portation facilities of the camp, he said,
were poor. There was but one line of
railroad and that a single track and
without adequate terminal facilities.
The camp could have been supplied by
water, but unfortunately there was a
contract with the railroad company
owning the land which gave it the con
trol of all transportation except that
on Government transports. This con
tract had been made, he understood, in
return for the use of the land. He did
not know who had made the contract.
There were good hospitals erected,
but there was a scarcity of nurses.
General Wheeler considered the hos
pital facilities ample after the erection
of the division hospitals. There were
times when they were crowded for a
day or two. but on the other hand there
were many times when the buildings
were not filled.
Taking up the charges made by the
New York World and by Dr. Jenkins
in its columns. General Wheeler said
that if the soldiers had not been landed
at some isolated place such as Mon
tauk Point the fear of yellow fever
would have caused a general outcry.
Montauk Point, he thought in briefi
was a necessity for quarantine pur
poses—to prevent the spread of fever,
if for no other purpose.
Replying to other allegations made
by the World General Wheeler said he
did not think the hospitals were crowd
ed; that if the sick were without blank
ets or adequate shelter he had not
known the fact, and if he had known
such a want he would have supplied it
"There were," he said, "undoubtedly
individual cases of suffering and neg
lect, but they were the exception." He
had investigated the charge that the
hospitals were overcrowded and he was
satisfied that such was not the case.
At 4 o'clock the commission ad
journed until to-morrow when General
Wheeler will resmue his testimony.
General Fitzhugh Lee has notified the
commisßton that he will not be able to
appear before Thursday.
HARD WORDS FROM
THE DEMOCRATS
Charge the Military Authorities
With Full Responsibilities
for Army Scandals.
WORCESTER, Mass., Oct. 4.—ln
cluded in the platform adopted to-day
by the Democratic State Convention
was the following attack on the admin
istration at Washington:
The military administration during the
recent war has been a stigma on the his
tory of the republic and a disgrace to
civilization. The army which sprang Into
existence has been made the prey of in
competent* and favorites, who have fat
tened on the sorrows of American sol
diers. The brave men who fought our
battles In the West Indies were left with
out ndoquate food, medicine or surgical
assistance.
They were put under incompetent com
manders and were left to nuffer and die
witli undressed wounds and burning?
fevers. And hundreds of their comrades
who have returned alive have come back
emnclnted and ghastly, to stagger
through the streets as living witnesses
against those who were responsible for
their sufferlngra. We demand that a thor
ough Investigation by Congress, not by
an administrative committee organized to
acquit, shall expose the guilty and drive
them mercilessly from the office which
they have disgraced.
ONE HUNDRED DROWNED.
Backing Ferry-Boat Disaster Occurs
in the East Indies.
LONDON. Oct. V— A special from Bom
bay fiaye that a ferry-boat was capsized
to-day while crossing the Indus at Mlttun
Kote, a town of the Punjaub. on the west
bank of the river, and 100 of the passen
gers were drowned.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898,
"A MATTER OF BUSINESS."
How and Why "Papa" Crothers of the, Bulletin, Late of Canada,
Became an "Independent" Republican.
INDEPENDENCE
DEMANDED BY
CUBON LEADERS
While fln)erica Feeds the Starving
They Prepare a Marjifesto
to the President.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon . Bennett.
* MA"\ANZAS, Cuba, Oct. 4. — Matanzas reconcentrados are, having ♦
* their hunger satisfied with American provisions from the Comal. The *
* thanks of the people find vent in outbursts of "Viva Americanos," *
# whenever Major Wiskern or Captain Niles appears on the street. ♦
# Yet the very men who are loudest in their protestations of grati- *
♦ tude are busy planning to send to President McKinley the manifesto * ;
# of the M--tanzas section of the Cuban national party, a document *
# which goes further in its demands for absolute independence as op- *
♦ posed to annexation than any other that has yet appeared. The *
• manifesto is addressed to "Hon. William McKinley, President of the *
•X- United States," and says in part: ♦
■* "Now is the moment to define the situation in Cuba in regard to *
* its future government. The honest policy of the American Govern- *
* ment is a firm guarantee to the Cubans in their perfect right to be *
# free and to establish institutions which they consider the most con- °*v
* venlent. * . .*
# . "The Cuban people have ever had, as they have now, a fixed and *
* well denned idea— that of independence for the acquisition of which *
* they have shed their blood in the Ten Years' war and in the one *;;
# ended lately. ..'... ." .. ;/ .. .. -*'-'■
"The undersigned aspire to harmony, with the idea that Cuba
should form an independent state, ruled by republican institutions
and in accordance with the constitution proclaimed as the funda
mental law principle of the junta of the Matanzas territory, and res
idents who subscribe to this document believe that it is our duty to
make the following declaration to the Government of the United
States:
"That Cuba ought to be free and form an independent nation ruled
by republican institutions, because the efforts of Its children give the
right to liberty.
"That we recognize said government or any other that legitimate
ly may succeed it as our real representative, and believe it is one
called upon to accomplish restoration of order and especially to gov
ern the country as soon as possible, believing as is natural that in
this manner the United States would avoid expenses and sacrifices
Inherent to military occupation of the island of Cuba."
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
COUNTIES FOR GAGE
Leading Democrat of Visalia Declares the Single-
Tax Views of Maguire Will Kill Him
With the Farmers.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 4. — Great boasts have been made by Demo
crats as to the enormous vote Judge Maguire is going to receive in
th«? San Joaquin Valley. From reports received from that section these
claims of Maguire are but idle phantasies. One of the best-known
Democrats in the San Joaquin Valley is E. A. Miller of Visalia,
where he is a prominent attorney. He is now on a visit to this
city. In 18S6, when Washington Bartlett was elected Governor, Mr.
Miller was a candidate on the Democratic ticket for Surveyor Gen
eraL He it Is that asserts with great emphasis that Gage will
carry the majority of the San Joaquin Valley counties. He is him
self a strong Gage man. and in giving his reasons for supporting the
RepubHcan leader he says:
"I have been a Democrat all my life, but this year I shall vote
for Henry T. Gage and against James G. Maguire. I know many
Democratic farmers," said Mr. Miller, "who will not support the
ticket this year. They are opposed to Judge Maguire because of
his views on the single tax. Take my county. Tulare. It gave Bryan
two years ago a majority of nearly 1500. This year the figures will
be cut to about 600. Yolo and other agricultural counties will do
the same. The grand old Democratic party is being fused to
death."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents, Postoffices, Pensions and
Begular Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Oct. *.— The following
patents were issued to-day:
California— William H. Adams, Los Angeles,
assay Ing apparatus; Hiram T. Bradley. Oak
fan* "arbureter; John D. Campbell. Magalia.
water wheel; William Forsyth. Fresno prepar
ation or fruit; Cye H. Melquione. Oakland bi
cycle lock; Charles K. Myers. Stockton, animal
exterminator; George H. Reynolds. San Fran
cisco, station indicator and advertising device.
William Land has been appointed post
master at Meridian, Pierce County, Wash
ington, vice Mary A. L. Floyd, resigned.
The Secretary of the Interior has issued
an order patenting 360 acres of land to the
Southern Pacific Railroad in the Visalis.
dißtrict, California.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary'
of War, Private Walter C. Loveioy. of the
Hospital Corps, Presidio of San Fran
cisco California, will be discharged from
the service of the United States by the
commanding officer of his station, to ena
ble him to accept a position as contract
surgeon; Private Paul A. Miller, Com
pany D, Twenty-third Infantry, now at
Camp Merrtam, Presidio of San Fran
cisco, California, is transferred to the
Hospital Corps, as private.
The re-easlKnment of Brigadier General
John B. Babcock. U. 8. Volunteers (Lieu
tenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant
General 11. S. Army), to duty a« Adjutant
General of the Department of California,
with station at San Francisco, to date
from September 23, IS9B. is announced by
the Secretary of War.
Commander F. N. Dicklns of the navy
left this afternoon for San Francisco, as
representing the Navy Department In the
selection of building sites for the pro
posed new training school at Yerba Buena
Island.
The following pensions were granted
to-day:
California— Reissue, Euseblus Miles, Glasler.
$6. Mexican war widow*— Mary Ellen Cash,
Petal uma, *S.
Washington— Widows, Denary Flatter, Spo
kane. $S; Mary A. Pennlngton. Hartland, $S.
OREGON SENATORSHIP.
Both Houses of the Legislature Take
a Vote Without Result.
SALEM, Or.. Oct. 4.— Both houses to
day voted for United States Senator in
separate session. The vote was as fol
lows:
House— Corbett 23, George 10, Williams
4, Eaken 3, Bennett (D.) Is.
Senate— Corbett 13, George 6, Williams 1.
Eaken 1, Cotton 1, Benneft 6.
As forty-six votes are necessary to a
choice, there was no election.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEMOCRATIC
CANDIDATES
ARE FAVORED
Their Friends Control
the Non-Partisans.
MEMBERS ARE DISSATISFIED
MANY LIVELY TILTS AT THE
CONVENTION.
Judges Wallace, Seawell, Borden Rnd
Troutt Were Indorsed Last
Night for the Superior
Bench.
The Non-Partisan convention met In
Pioneer Hall last night and resumed the
work of indorsing a majority of the nom
inees of Boss Phelan's convention of one
hundred job chasers. In order to prove
their non-partisanship they kindly con
sented to give the Republicans one of the
four Superior Judges, and much against
{heir will they Indorsed R. H. Webster
for Superintendent of Puolic Schools.
Boss Phelan wanted the place to go to
James Dsnman, who has been holding
public positions and offices since 1851, btit
Brother-in-law Sullivan was unable to
hold the forces in hand.
The greatest dissatisfaction exists
among many of the members, owing to
the controlling Influence that has thus
far secured the Indorsement of nearly
every one of Boss Phelan's pet candidates.
The Republican candidates have been
turned down on every possible occasion,
and as one of the p-ectators remarked
last night, the convention would be more
properly named If called "The Demo
cratic Annex." With but few exceptions
the Democrats have carried off all the
prizes, and Boss Phelan and his lleuteD
ants are greatly pleased.
"When the convention was called to or
der last nltrht by Chairman Fitch there
were but few absentees. It was rumored
during the afternoon that there was a
strong possibility of an open revolt among
some of the delegates, and Boss Phelan
had all his men on hand.
When Secretary Milliken proceeded to
read the minutes of the preceding indors
ing meeting, Charles Bundschu moved
that the reading be dispensed with, as no
one was listening to him.
Some one suggested that they be read
anyhow, as a matter of form, and Secre
tary Milliken proceeded.
On motion of C. B. Perkins, the com
mittee on hall was authorized to secure
headquarters, -where the campaign com
mittee will hold forth and "direct a vig
orous campaign."
E. J. Le Breton next touched upon the
matter of finances. He believed that the
nominees of the convention should be
called together in order that the cam
paign committee might "suggest" to them
that contributions would be acceptable.
He desired it understood that contribu-
tions would not be "demanded." but that
only a suggestion would be made that
they give the committee about 20 per cent
of the sum they are allowed by law to
spend in making- a canvass.
Ex-Mayor Ellert objected to any such
procedure. "It is getting back to the
principles of the old parties." said he.
"and the 'suggestion' of contributions wo
all know is practically a demand for the
same. We are supposed to be here in a
reform movement. If the public doesn't
want to sustain us by furnishing the
needed funds to carry on the campaign,
we might just as well give up the reform
idea."
C. B. Perkins thought that it would be
better to call the candidates together and
have it "intimated" to them thr. t they
contribute. Perkins' idoa met with fa
vor, so it will only be "intimated" instead
of "suggested" to the candidates thnt
they "contribute" to the campaign fund.
"I have a communication here from M.
C. Haley," said Secretary Milliken. "but
I don't suppose that you care to hear it."
The Phelan delegates didn't care to
hear It, so they had it placed on file in
the archives of the convention. The com
munication was as follows:
To the members of the Citizens' Non-
Partisan Convention — Gentlemen: At the ses
sion of your convention last evening in the
discussion growing out of my candidacy before
you for the nomination for County Clerk. I
feel that a grievous wrong was unintentionally
done me by one of *he speakers, the chairman
of the committee on municipal nominations.
I feel that a serious reflection was cast upon
me, both as to the honesty of my candidacy
and the character of my support. *f at any
time In my life in my appearances befor*
nominating conventions or before the people
as a candidate for office, I have ever received
any support from rler- nts in our community
other than the good citizenship 'thereof. I am
not aware of the fact. I do, however, know
that I have never solicited any support for
which I owe any apology or explanation, even
to myself.
My position in this respect, I believe, has
always been too well defined to require any
defense, and too well known, I hope, to be
seriously effected by any attack that may be
made upon me.
As to the good faith of my candidacy. I can
only refer to the gentleman to whose remarks
I find myself compelled to take exception-
Mr. Le Ureton. He certainly knows that from
the day of my first interview with ivan upon his
own invitation, nearly a month ago, I relied
upon being able to make a successful canvass
for the office of County Clerk upon your nomi
nation. My judgment may be attacked, but not
my good faith. I cheerfully accept the result
of your good action last night.
I can afford to lose your nomination and
rnnM :ifT. H to ].->«.<> the election, if nominated,
b-jt I cannot afford to have my motives Im
pugned and have all I possess in the world—
my good r.ame — destroyed. M. C. HALKT.
E. J. Le Breton then rose to a question
of personal privilege and asked what ac
tion the convention intended taking on
the resolution Introduced at a previous
meeting requesting Assessor Siebe to ap
pear before that body and explain the
charge made that lie had shown partiality
in the levying of two assessments.
"I do not desire." said he. in conclusion,
"to in any way Injure the candidacy of
Mr. Siebe. but I think that some definite
action should be taken on the resolution."
After Le Breton had spoken his mind on.
the proposition, L. R. Ellert arose to a
point of order and said with his eye on
Le Breton: "All the harm that is being
done to Mr. Siebe Is being done now. Mr.
I>» Breton has belittled him all that he
could on the floor this evening. Mr. Siebe
is my friend. I believe that this resolu
tion introduced last night is in very bad
taste and that It should be rescinded. I
don't do it to defend Mr. Siebe for any
thing that he has done wrong, for I don't
bellwe that he has done it. I therefore
move that the resolution be withdrawn."
George L. Center, the author of the
resolution, explained that the honesty of2
Mr. Siebe was not in question. The sub
ject was a case of alleged partiality.
"We have indorsed this man on our
ticket." said he. "We are before the peo
ple and we ought to give him a chance
to explain this thing, and I don't know
of any better way to have him do it
than by means of the resolution which I
introduced. Mr. Ellert here has made a
counter attack on Mr. Le Breton—"
"I made no attack on Mr. Le Breton,"
interrupted Ellert.
"Mr. Le Breton is a banker," said Mr.
Center, "and your remarks the other
night about the bankers—"
"Mr. Le Breton is able to take care of
himself," returned Ellert dryly.
E. A. Denicke indorsed Mr. Ellert's mo
tion. "I think it is not only in very bad
taste." he said, "after a committee has
reported favorably on a candidate and
after his name has been put on the
ticket by a two-thirds majority that he
should be brought before another com
tee. It is not only in very bad taste, but
It is a very bad precedent as well.
"I suspect the intention of the question
and I am somewhat disgruntled, not that
J am afraid that Mr. Siebe cannot show
the people a clear history, but because it
shows a baii light on our convention for
wire-working, and we should not lower
ourselves to it. Parties come up before
this convention, and in a roundabout
way try to besmirch him. It is wrong and
not dignified."
Charles Bundschu approved of the re
marks of Denicke and said that only a
few minutes previously a letter written
NON-PARTISANS IN ACTION AND REPOSE.
by a defeated candidate was laid upon the |
table. It was not honorable to reopen the !
question after Mr. Siebe had been placed |
on the ticket. Mr. Ellert's motion was !
put and carried by a viva voce vote.
Chairman Fitch then announced that it
wa.s next in order to nominate a candi
date fur Superintendent of Streets.
The municipal committee reported in fa
vor of R. P. Doolan, the Phelan nominee.
"I hope that we will get a few Repub
licans on our ticket." said L. R. Ellert,
on placing the name of Martin Fragley,
the Republican nominee, before the con
vention. "It is getting monotonous sit
ting here indorsing Democrats," he add
ed, "and Martin Fragley is entitled to
every consideration at the hands of the
convention. He is honest and capable,
and he made one of the best Superintend
ents we ever had in charge of the House
of Correction."
The roll was called, and as Doolan was
"slate" he received 28 votes to Fragley's
17. There was no choice and a second bal
lot was ordered.
"I withdraw the name of Martin Frag
ley." said Ellert. "for I see. he doesn't
stand a show here."
The secretary was then instructed to
cast the ballot for Doolan, and Brother
in-law Sullivan smiled contentedly.
Franklin K. Lane was the choice of the
investigating committee for City and
County Attorney.
Ellert presented the name of William
F. Fitzgerald, the Republican nominee.
"We have nominated a Democrat for Su
perintendent of Streets and a Democrat
for Sheriff, a Democrat for Tax Collector,
a Democrat for County Clerk. I don't
see any use of sitting here as non-parti
sans and nominating none but Democrats.
If there is any reason why William F.
Fitzgerald should not receive this nomi
nation, I would like some one to Inform
"It is high time," said Le Breton, rather
angrily, when Ellert sat down; "that this
practice of reminding us every few min
utes that we are only nominating Dem
ocrats was stopped. I question very
much if the delegate who does so has
any place in a Non-Partisan convention. "
"I want to state right here," exclaimed
BUert, "that I am not bogs ridden or
hidebound to any boss. When it comes
to non-partisanship I might remind the
convention that I was the first man nom
inated by the Non-Partisans when the
organization came into existence. What
I say about nominating too many Demo
crats is true. If we continue on in this
way the public will have no confidence
In us, and the party will lose prestige.
I don't see why I should be singled out
and vilified for expressing my views. I
think the attack is in very bad taste."
The roll was called and Lane was nom
inated on the third ballot. The first bal
lot stood: Lane 26, Fitzgerald 19; second,
Lane 28, Fitzgerald lti; third, Lane 35,
Fitzgerald 9. _
R. H. Webster and James Denman
were placed in nomination for Superin
tendent of Schools.
C. A. Murdock, E. A. Denicke and
George Cumming advocated the candi
dacy of Webster, while D. I. Mahoney and
Charles Bundschu favored the cause of
Denman, who was Phelan's candidate.
Their oratory was of no avail, however,
for Webster was nominated on the first
ballot by a vote of 29 to 14.
who 1 was Phelan's candidate. Their ora
tory was of no avail, however, for Web
ster was nominated on the first ballot by
a vote of 29 to 14.
On recommendation of the educational
committee, the secretary was instrscted
tc cast the ballot for the following can
didates for school directors, there being
no opposition:
Armer, C. P. Eells, T. J. Ly
ons, A. Eichler, H. N. Brandenstein, W.
M. Cannon, Vanderlynn Stow, H. M. Hol
brook, W. G. Stafford, E. L. Head, P. A.
Bergerot, J. M. Thomas.
The last work of the night was the nom
ination of four Superior Judges. The com
mittee reported in favor of Rhodes Bor
den, J. M. Seawcll, William T. Wallace,
Democrats, and James M. Troutt, Repub
lican. The committee feeling sure in the
"slate" going through had ballots printed
with only the four names on them, not
withstanding the fact that the names of
Davis Louderback, Frank J. Murasky,
John B. Carson, F. W. Van Reynegom,
W. T. Schell, H. W. Philbrook and H. M.
Clement had also been presented.
D. I. Mahoney then formally placed
Davis Louderback in nomination. The
first ballot resulted in the nomination of
Wallace, Borden and Seawell, the vote
standing: Borden 31, Wallace 34, Seawell
37, Troutt 26, Louderback 29, Murasky 3,
Philbrook 4, Clement 10.
A second ballot to fill the fourth place
followed, but there was no choice, Troutt
receiving 19, Louderback 22 and Clement
2 votes. The third ballot stood Troutt 22,
Lourterback 21, and on the fourth ballot
Troutt received 25 and Louderback 19
votes. Troutt was thereupon declared the
choice of the convention.
An adjournment was then taken until
to-night. __
BARBOB REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Enthusiastic Meeting of Voters Held
on the Steamer Caroline
Yesterday Afternoon.
At an enthusiastic meeting of prominent
Republicans engaged in business on the
water front held yesterday afternoon in
the cabin of the steamer Caroline the
Harbor Republican Club was formally or
ganized. Such a move has been talked of
for some time past and yesterday decided
action was taken. The following were
elected officers: Captain W. G. Leale,
president; W. R. Lazerlere, first vice
president; Al Runyon, H. U. Jaudin, C.
Leppi, Charles Grondona, C. W. Gould,
M. S. Simas, John Pasterner and P. J.
Moliterne, second vice presidents; John F.
Williams, recording and financial secre
tary; George Wallenrod, treasurer, and an
executive committee as follows: Frank H.
Robinson, W. Cathome, Thomas Magee,
William Denniston, John F. Williams,
George Stenman and Frank Gaffney. Ser-
I geants-at-arms, J. Sullivan and Warden
j Peter Peterson. Pasterne's Hall, at the
| southwest corner of Davis and Washing
ton streets, has been -engaged as the head
quarters of the club. Over 200 members
have signed the roll, many of whom were j
formerly Democrats.
It Is expected that a membership of at j
least 500 will be attained before the next !
meeting, which takes place on next Tues- i
day evening. A smo-ker and low jinks will ]
be held on that evening at which many
of the Republican candidates have prom
ised to be present. It is intended that the
club will have a decided influence along
the city front and will lead to a reversal i
of the usual order by rolling up a big: Re- j
publican majority in that section of the ;
city.
. ♦ .
REMEMBERS VETERANS' SCARS. \
Army and Navy League Pleads That ■
the Old Soldiers Retain Their
Franchise Privileges.
The Army and Navy League have !
adopted resolutions denouncing the ac- |
tion of Abbott Klnney of Los Angeles In :
bringing suit to disfranchise 2000 old army i
veterans now wards of the old Soldiers' i
Home at Santa Monica. A portion of the j
resolutions reads as follows:
A Democrat of Los Angeles, aspiring to be
United States Senator, has brought suit to dls- i
franchise our comrades in the National Home
at Santa Monica, and to rob them of their clti- i
zenship and place them upon the plane of j
"paupers." When men who have been tried
in the furnace of war, stood shoulder to shoul
der with us, fought the battles of our country,
endured the horrors of prison pens, suffered !
from wounds and disease, sacrificed their
health and strength to save the nation, and '
now in their old age and decrepitude given asy- \
lum by a grateful Government, are thus as
sailed and a mean attempt is made by a
"Popo" Democrat to rob them of their right
to vote, the time has come, we say, for us to |
get right out on guard, do hard political work '
and vote the straight Republican ticket from its !
top to its bottom— not even casting a vote for a ■
"Popo" Democratic Coroner, as he might "rob I
the dead."
The circular to which these resolutions j
will be appended Is signed by J. Murray
Bailey, adjutant general, and W. H. Sea
mans, eommander-in-chief. These gentle- \
men intend to circulate at least ten thou
sand copies within the next few days.
Between forty and fifty new cumps will
be established at an early date. The !
league will hold a meeting next Friday
at 2 p. m. for the purpose of appointing i
sub-committees who will keep tab on mv- ;
niclpal and local affairs.
ARCHITECTURAL JURY
FINISHES ITS LABORS
I
Besult of Competition for the Phebe
Hearst Plan for the Univer
sity of California.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— A Journal special
from Antwerp says: The jury in the in
ternational competition for the Phebe
Hearst architectural plan for the Univer
sity of California concluded its labors to
day. Plans to the number of 100 were sub
mitted and examined. Eleven were found
to possess such merits as to entitle their
authors to rewards of $12W) each and the
right to enter into the ttnal competition.
Negotiations are in progress for the pur
chase of several plans, outside of those
selected for final competition, which were
considered by the jury to be useful to the
university.
The members of the jury, together with
the successful architects, will be taken
to California and there enteftained by
Mrs. Hearst, and in June, 1899, the jury
will there select a plan, which must be
approved by the Regents of the Univer
sity of California.
At the banquet given last evening by
Mrs. Hearst to the authorities of Antwerp
and the jury, Mr. Pascal, president of the
lury, in responding to a toast, said that
Mrs. Hearst had every right to hope that
the buildings of the University of Cali
fornia would excel any structures exist
ing for a similar purpose.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
DISTRICT REPUBLICANS
, GREET THEIR LEADERS
Henry T. Gage, Patton, Loud and Others Speak
to Two Great Throngs of
Voters.
The Fallacy of Many Democratic Doctrines as Expounded
by Magnire Exposed by the Standard Bearers
of the Good Old Party.
Bonfires on Laguna street at Hayes and
Fulton, and a band at Laguna and
Grove streets, called out a multitude of
men, women and children last evening.
The occasion was a grand Republican
rally at Mowry's Hall under the auspices
of the clubs of the Thirty-seventh and
Thirty-eighth Assembly districts.
Mowry's Hall was packed when ex-Sen
ator Wentworth called the meeting to or
der and introduced James E. Field as
chairman. The presiding officer made a
few appropriate remarks, saying: "We
are here for the purpose of instilling en
thusiasm among the Republicans of the
Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Assem
bly districts. We are here to indorse
Henry T. Gage for Governor— (loud ap
plause)— Eugene F. Loud for Congress
and Charles L. Patton for Mayor. (Vo-
ciferous applause.) We want It to be
known that the Republicans are alive to
the importance of the campaign."
The first regular speaker introduced,
Hon. Eugene F. Loud, received a round of
hearty cheers. Mr. Loud recalled some
incidents of his first contest for Congres
sional honors, and observed that the Re
publican party, when it boldly advances
and adheres with courage to its prin
ciples, always succeeds.
The name of President McKinley was
mentioned, and the mention elicited
shouts of applause from the audience. Mr.
Loud referred to the peculiar condition
confronting the Republican party in this
campaign. The fusion nominee says there
is but one issue before the people to-day,
and that is the funding bill. All ratioi.al
people know that that question is settled.
Mr. Maguire refers, I presume, to the
amendment to the deficiency bill.
At some length the history of the legis
lation on this measure was reviewed, and
the position of Senators Morgan and
White defined. On this point Mr. Loud
said, with emphasis: "The understanding
of myself and others was that Mr. Ma
guire assented."
Mr. Loud spoke so earnestly and frankly
on the subjpet that the audience was not
left in doubt as to the fact that Mr. Ma
guire did assent to the settlement of the
railroad question.
Speaking for himself, Mr. Loud declar
ed: "I am prepared to defend tne amend
ment securing the settlement of the fund
ing question from this day to the day of
election. This amendment was adopted
in the Senate without objection."
The Democrats were asked if there
were not other questions confronting the
people. He did not assert that the war
was a Republican war, and could not
imagine how any one could be so preju
diced by party feeling as to advance such
a claim. The war, he said, was a nup
rising of patriotic Republicans, Demo
crats and Populists to uphold the honor
and integrity of the nation. It was an
American war, in which the splendid pa
triotism of the American people was ex
hibited.
Mr. Loud dwelt at len~*h on the oppo
sition of certain Democrats to the war
revenue bill, and remarked that the tak
ing of $200,000,000 of bonds by the Ameri
can people was worth more than an army
of 500.000 armed men. In closing he asked
that California should send this message
to President McKinley: "We have elect
ed the wnole Republican 'fket by 20.000
majority." (Long continued applause.)
The California Glee Club safcg a song
entitled "Gage Is the Man." The singing
called forth plaudits.
Henry T. Gage, the nominee for Gover
nor, accompanied by Colonel George
Stone and J. Alva Watt, entered the hall
while Mr. Loud was speaking. The de
monstrations of applause and the ringing
cheers given for the next Governor did
not disturb the speaker. He waited un
til the tumult of enthusiasm subsided and
then closed his speech as stated.
When Mr. Gage was presented to the
audience the applause was renewed and
prolonged. He was introduced by the
chairman as the nominee of one of the
largest and grandest conventions that
ever assembled in California. After ac
knowledgment of the greeting, Mr. Gage
said:
"The chairman speaks truly when he
says that the Republican convention
which recently assembled in Sacramento
was one of the grandest conventions ever
held in California, yet my distinguished
opponent in this campaign nightly asserts
on his speaking tour that this grand body
of intelligent and independent citizens
was dominated by corruption. He as
sails the integrity and honor of that vast
assemblage of men in which every coun
ty of this State was represented. I repel
the calumny here. I say it is an out
rage that he should denounce these men
as railroad hirelings. I would not so
speak of a Democratic convention. I
would regard it as dishonorable to cast
such an imputation on a body of my fel
low citizens. lam built on different
lines. I believe in the integrity of men
and the virtue of women." (Tremen
dous applause.)
Mr. Gage styled the opposition the
"Confusion party," and quoted from the
party indorsements to prove that the
"Confusion" convention indorsed the
single tax doctrine. He remarked that the
Democrats, alarmed and dismayed over
the situation, were declaring that single
tax was not an issue.
"My opponent." aid Mr. Gage, "has de
clared in Congress in favor of single tax.
The convention of Democrats and Popu
lists Indorsed him. Now tell me, have
they not made his acts .an issue in the
campaign?" \
"If the single tax system of placing all
tax on land should prevail the railroads
would pay no taxes. The farmer who
owned a farm and the mechanic who had
saved a little money to buy a home would
be compelled to bear ail the burdens."
Mr. Gage pronounced the doctrine in
famous and revolutionary. In closing, the
standard bearer predicted Republican suc
cess and promised, if elected to the office
of Governor, to discharge his duties
faithfully.
A recess was taken to give the people
an opportunity to grasp the hand of
their n^xt Governor.
The arrival of Charles L. Patton, Re
publican nominee for Mayor, was the sig
nal for a great demonstration of ap
plause. Mr. Patton maue a frank and
manly speech which won him the instant
favor of the audience. He expressed ab
solute confidence in the new charter. In
dorsed the dollar limit, declared that cor
porations must pay taxes, and promised
if elected Mayor to give the people of
San Francisco a clean, honest and fair
deal.
Speeches were made by A. J. Morgen
stern and Frank McGowan, which enter
tained the large audience and aroused
great enthusiasm. The meeting ad
journed with three cheers for Gage, three
for Loud, three for Patton, three for
Curry, and three for the whole ticket.
This evening Henry T. Gage will speak
at Drew's Hall, 121 New Montgomery
street, and at Cambrian Hall, 1143 Mis
sion street.
Following are the names of the gerltle
men who officiated as vice presidents of
the meeting:
W. J. F! field, D. A. C. Hart. W. X.
Lewis, Alex McNee, A. Blumenthal, A.
McElroy, Joseph Cohen, Albert Lyser, A.
Goodman, I. M. Levison, William' Marks,
Max Goldberg, George W. Dlxon, E. 8,
Salomon, George A. Weniworlh. Charles
MoGown, George S. Wilson, George D.
O'Neill, John T. Brenan, A. E. Buckman,
Ed L. Cook, Fred Eggers, Daniel Foley,
L. H. Clement, Charles L. Wetmore, John
F. Lorenz, Ed Deering, H. A. Hedger,
Samuel Blgelow. Charles A. Worth, Isaac
Upham, John H. Klein, J. E. Sharp, J C
B. Hebbard, F. O. Wagner, John L. Kost^r,
I. B. Quinlan, Claua Schroder, George
Tantan, C. P. McCarthy, J. F. Clark, A.
Pratt, Charles Potter, Charles Ayres, E.
C. Hlsgen, Joseph R. McLean, Fred Stur
raer, W. M. Fisher, John Glrns, J. C. Zel
lerbach, J. H. Curley, August Ha^erdon,
E. P. Barrett, Peter Lynch, H. H. St.
Leger, Dr. George J. Bucknall, Andrew
Dean, John D. Nolan, James H. Page, I.
B. Dalsell. C. Z. Soule, M. Gerdes, John
Plath, A. B. Truman. J. C. Bourbon, T. J.
Parsons, J. C. Wilson. Henry Trevor, John
W. Spencer, F. K. Spencer, Ed O. Shat
tuck, John H. Hegeler, B. T. Donnelly,
James Humphreys, James G. lioobar, I. S.
Salomon, Dr. F. H. Harris, George XV.
Plxon, Charles McGowan. Mark Lane. C. O.
Pratt, William H. Abbott, James K. Fields,
M. Cooney. Morris Levy, John Efflnger,
John F. Gallagher. Lyman Mowry, A. J.
Raisch. W. H. H. Hart, C. O. Burton, I. P.
Klncald, B. I. Salomon, George W. Neal,
Henry Mayer. Theo Mayer. J. P. O'Farrell,
J. H. J. Pcyden, Wm. Wolf, Ed Christian,
A. Schohay, Phil Posner, T. V. Maxwell.
C. F. Curry, John Higglns, Paul Fowler.
James Tonmey, Arthur Flsk, Jnhn Night
ingale, Neal Toft, George Damenmark,
James Alva Watt. Thomas F. Jones, J. B.
Martin, E. W. Williams, William J. Blatt
ner, Louis Mueller, H. Shomaker. M. C.
Dunn, George O'Nell, P. E. McCarthy,
John R. Aitken, John Kattenhorn, Abe
Stein, Peter Mtyer. Henry Barlage, Chris
Waller. James Hughes, William .1. Young,
Fred Warnbott, J. P. McMurray, Charles
Alpers, Fred Stager, J. P. S. Whvte,
Charles H. Ward. Albert Mayer, Martin
Fredericks, George M. Mitchell, Simon
York, Captain John Lafferty. John Tuttle,
John V. ConnlfT, C. H. Cordes. A. War
n»cke, James W. Durbrow, A. C. Robinson,
S. Bloom, R. D. Cranston, Dr. McFadyen,
W. J. Ruddlck. O. F. yon Rheln. Edw.
Lang, John Bennett, George Fiddes. John
Feldman. C. S. Crlttenden, J. M. Troutt,
A. B. Maynard, J. H. Goldenan, R. V.
Watt, J. C. Cullen, S. F. Long. James A.
Code, H. A. Porter, W. H. Bylngton, C. D.
Salfleld, F. L. Loud, W. F. Empty, XV. L.
Pierce, R. P. Clement, R. J. Patterson,
John Forsythe, William J. Brady.
GREETING TO GAGE.
The Thirty-Sixth Assembly Dis-
trict Club Holds an Enthu
siastic Meeting.
Mission residents, attracted by a huge
bonfire and the sound of music, were
drawn to Rolander Hall, Twenty-eighth
and Church streets, last evening, the oc
casion being a Republican mats meeting
held under the nuspices of the Thirty
sixth Assembly District Club, in honor
of the standard bearer, who was invited
to address the voters of the district. Be
fore any of the speakers arrived, stand-
Ing and breathing room was at a pre
mium. The stairway leading to the hall
was jammed with men, who. unable to ob
tain admittance, tried to catch at long
range the sentiments expressed by those
who spoke.
The arrival of Henry T. Gage was made
manifest to the more fortunate ones with
in by the enthusiastic shouts of those
on the stairs. As he pushed his way
through the dense crowd he was hailed
with cheers and his hand was shaken by
hundreds before he could reach the plat
form. The moment he stepped inside the
building he was greeted with cheering
that drowned the blare of the brass in
struments that were playing a patriotic
melody.
The shouts and hand shakes were re
peated when Hchj. Charles L. Patton, at
tended by other candidates, entered the
hall. The Republican candidate for Mayor
must have been gladdened with his recep
tion. As his large form loomed up among
the crowd cheers were given in his honor.
President Frank French of the club, un
der whose auspices the meetinK was held,
acted as chairman and Introduced the
many candidates who addressed the meet-
Ing.
Introduced as the next Governor of
California, Mr. Gage stepped forward and
In a short speech told those present In no
uncertain terms that he was going to be
elected. Thirf 1 expression, so confidently
given, seemed to forcibly impress the
gathering, and his .hearers shouted and
stamped approbation. Mr. Gage said he
did not know the people of this city, but
was trying to become acquainted with
them rapidly by making a personal can
vass of the different districts of the city.
He emphatically said that he was not
controlled by boss or corporation. He de
nied that the convention that nominated
him for the important office of Governor
was controlled by a corporation, and add
ed that it was very dishonorable in Mr.
Maguire to say that it was dominated by
corporate influence.
A rousing greeting was accorded Mr. Pat
ton when he was introduced by the chair
man. His voice, though a little hoarse,
due to his constant speech-making, was
heard by those in the outer entrance, tie
endeared himself to the Mission people by
informing them that he had gained his
first education in the Mission schools and
finished it in St. Mary's College, which
was then located on Mission road. He
said he was a native of California and
was always striving for the advancement
of the State.
Mr. Patton said he was in favor of the
Legislature ratifying the charter and in
favor of the city owning the gas works.
If elected to the position of Mayor he
would do all in his power to give the
city a decent and honest government.
He eulogized Mr. Gage as the ideal can
didate, and expressed a hope that the
voters of th« district would help swell
ti?e majority which he prophesied would
be rolled up for him next month. He
then excused himself, stating that he had
to speak at another meeting, and. like
the previous speaker, was enthusiasti
cally received on his way out.
Jabez Swan entertained the audience
with a few songs, and then Judge D. J.
Murphy, candidate for District Attorney
on the Republican ticket, was introduced.
"Those principles, if carried out," he
said, "will be to your detriment, to my
detriment and to the detriment of your
children and my children. Therefore it
is outside of being a Republican that I
oppose his election. While I admire the
man personally I hate his principles. (Ap
plause.) I would not if I could, and I
could not if I would, say one word
against Mr. Maguire personally, and let
no one of his friends understand that I
am referring to him as a man, but sole
ly to his principles, which I believe to
be in deadly conflict with the prosperity
of our country. (Applause.) And I tell
you, my friends, the prosperity of my
country and the good feeling of my
neighbors are far above anything like
holding any office that the public may
give me. . _.
"The other day I got word the Exam
iner was going to begin roasting me in the
next few days. Let me tell you that if
they do, before I get through with this
campaign some one else will get roasted,
and roasted badly."
Judge Murphy told his listeners that if
he were elected the rich man would not
be received in his court with any more
kindness than the laboring man. Deafen
ing applause greeted the close of hi 3
speech.
The Waterman Sisters followed in songs
and received as warm a reception as those^
who preceded them. Their campaign
songs were roundly applauded and they
had to respond to many encores.
Arthur Attridge, candidate for Super
visor from the Eleventh Ward, followed
and said that he was not in the habit of
speaking to such large Republican audi
ences. "This is the largest meeting held
in this district in twenty years, and I
hope other districts will take notice of
our gathering. I thank you all." Chair
man French completed Mr. Attridge's re
/marks by saying that there was not a
political mud-slinging factory in the
United States that could concoct one
sling at him.
A. H. Merrill, candidate for the Assem
bly from the district, also spoke. A. P.
Van Duzer filled in the gap caused by the
wait for Congressman Loud by saying
some harsh things against the doctrines
of Mr. Maguire, the Democratic platform
and the many platforms he has taken
unto himself.
Hon. E. F. Loud was given an ovation
when introduced, and he made a short
but pointed speech on the good deeds
performed by the Republican party dur
ing the past four years.
Coroner W. J. Hawkins followed in a
short speech. E. H. Falvey also ad
dressed the meeting.
The following named gentlemen acted as
vice presidents of the meeting:
H. C. Langhur. C. Ellis, W. B. Walkup,
Thomas W. Dennis, G. Murphy, P. J. Gray,
W. H. Murphy, Joseph Wyland. X. C.
Maison. G. W. Chapin, Prank Merrill, H.
E. Harris Jr., J. Hore, W. S. McDevitt,
W. H. Chapman, G. H. Taylor, Joseph
Sheerer, J. A. MeCormick, F. C. Mosebach
Jr., J. H. More, C. E. Lempe, John J.
Woodhouse, J. C. Young, C. W. Wads
worth, Ed Short, Fred Leverance, Bert
Nolte, W. C. Bla'k. W. H. Bruster. W. Mc-
Devitt, George Harris, C. Osgood, O. P.
Athey, W. F. Axfoid, James B. Barber,
W. Linden, H. Bruner, A. Duftee, A. B.
Mahoney, Daniel Boland, F. Holland, J.
P. Smith, G. Palmer, Charles Daley, M.
Cullnan, L. E. Savage, J. H. Brysen, W.
B. Burner, Henry Burner, V. H. Stelgler,
G. Jlosa, James Barton, M. J. Walsh, C.
Howe, w. Cushlng, Otto Foss, Robert Bone,
F. Wells, I. Simon, H. MeCormick, L. de
Langulitti, C. Miller, H. Hograve, P. H.
Jensen, T. H. Maguire, L. Kragen, C. H.
Engelke, Dr. yon Wetheren, D. Haley, J.
Neal, F. Meitz, -M. Selsbutth, E.
Lee, James McDonald, A. Beck, F
Sohwitzer, F. Kreckle, W. Smith, James
A. Carey, F. Helms, j. a. Todt
H. Wendt E. E. Me- ere, M. Cullen, W
Wilkeny, W. Grandemann, G. Hughes F
Luhrs, P. Stahle, A. Penobaky, P. Dorcerr
F. Fisher, R. Strahle, G. Fish, J. Mlliard,
A. McKinnon, George H. Patterson, \V. H.
O'Connor, C. K. Bauer, John Boost, John J.
Cordy, A. M. Cox, Frank Clancy, John Col
lins, C. H. Cormick, E. Carlson, J. Ander-
Bon. W. H. Burnend, A. P. Davis, John
Eagan, A. V. Brown. F. Kently, E. Louis,
A. Junge, S. Agnew, J. Carstensen. D.
O'Keefe, G. Ross Jr., W. H. Laumeister,
Dr. B. H. Baumeister, Otis B. King F
Barrls, D. Kelly, D. J. Dick, G. C. Smart,
James Woods Sr., J. Dasse, J. Imgartin J
W. Taylor, B. Lee. I. G. Gibeau, John W.
Griffith, C. B. Holbrook. William Holland
K. Harris, F. Hackney, C. H. Jackson. John
J. Kelly, H. A. Lampher, J. B. Mahony,
Robert Lang-, William Franks, Charles
Rlordan. William Morgan. H. J. Malllett
F. J. McCann, Charles Schaefer, Charles
McDermott, George McKlllopp, J D. Dlder
sost, P. O. Norcross, William Fostell, Wil
liam Plant, John Quinn, C. B. Reiss G
A. Spenoyer, F. H. Strehl, John F.
Smith, Charles O. Smith, T. C. Scott
W. J. Stranahan, Theodore Solomon, T f'
"VVohlander, J. W. Wolcott, P. F. Zammitt
W. VV. Wallace, O. F. Ochs, John Walsh
Harvey Tyler. Captain Bo'yd, Mr. Parker,
R C. Allen, F. W. Ammann, H. A. Bilay,
W. J. Banning. W. M. Cordy. A. Davlson,
Robert Irwin. H. L. A. Masas, W. C. Ord
iv,iy, H. O'Neill, J. A. Brown, John W.
Farker, Robert Pendergast, Louis Las?, J.
H. Fuffelken, Jerry Sheehnn Joe Tulte
Theodore Trautner. H. W. Walter, Donald
Bruce, M. D. Campbell, T. J. Conway, W.
A. de Langton, Charles Gerluss, C. Hein
ecke, D. Murphy, P. B. Nagle, H. O'Neill,
John Conway, Joseph Oswald, Fred G. Tay
lor, A. M. Vandenburg, James Whttaker,
John Fennell, Adam Wagner, Fred Wagner,
Ch:irlos DKiveneck. John T. Bell. Ed Cull
nan. John E. Crowley, M. T. Cullnan, A. B.
Cathcart, James Casey. A. A. Dixson, R. S.
Eccles. George Fosbry. M. T. Falrfleld. C.
A. Holm, George Hammond. F. W. Horst
man, P. S. Johnson. E. J. Kerrigan, O. B.
King, William Kelley. Lars Larson, John
I^ee, Ed Murphy, D. A. McDonald, A. G.
Planer. A. F. Quandt, C. M. Rude. John
Redmond. L. P. Smith, Thomas J. French,
Thomas Kelly.
Reception to Maguire.
On Friday evening the Maguire clubs of
the University of California and the Le
land Stanford Jr. University will tender a
public reception to Judge Maguire at
Woodward's Pavilion. The programme for
the evening includes an Introductory ad
dress by John C. Applewhite of Stanford,
an address of welcome by Governor Budd.
E resident of the evening, campaign songs
y the glee clubs of both universities, an
address by Hugh Bradford, an address by
Anthony H. Suzzallo, an address by Clin
ton E. Miller, an address by Ralph E.
Filcher and a speech by Judge Maguire.
Plasterers' Strike Ended.
The strike of the plasterers which was
declared by the union in this city ten
days since ended yesterday In a victory
for the men. They were being paid $2
and $2 50 a day and demanded $4. Con
tractor C. C. Morehouse, who has charge
of the work on Wells, Fargo & Co.'s new
building, acceded to the demands of the
men last night. Work will be resumed
to-day.
■ ♦ ■
Independent Political Club.
The Sunnyside and Castro Street Inde
pendent Political Club held its second
meeting at Haack's Hall, 701 Chenery
street, last evening. On motion it was
agreed that Eugene Dasse be permanent
chairman and Charles Besthorn perman
ent secretary. A committee was appointed
to Investigate a school site in the Castro
Addition.
"WHISPERING"
I GAVIN McHAB
TURNED DOWN
His Pals Give Him the
Double Cross.
INSIDE POLITICAL HISTORY
MAYOR PHELAN AND ANDY
LAWRENCE RENEGE.
Forced the Erstwhile Boss to Play
Second Fiddle in the
Local Democratic
Band.
The newest thing in the local Demo
cratic mix-up is the "splendid isola
tion" of "Whispering" Gavin McNab.
There was a time not so very long
ago when the Whispering Boss was the
Democratic party of San Francisco.
Though he was great he did not abuse
his greatness, for out of the goodness
of his heart he permitted Mayor Phe
lan to live and even went so far as to
permit Andy Lawrence, the political
Pooh-Bah of the Examiner, to say nice
things about him in return for an oc
casional smile or a brief word of greet
ing. It was this kindly trait in his na
ture that finally brought about his
ruin. Had he condemned Phelan and
Lawrence to death he would not now
be skulking in the political back-yani
craving an occasional crust from the
hand of the haughty Sammy Braunhart
or ruining his eyesight gazing at the
dizzy height upon which are perched
the two conspirators wlft brought about
his undoing.
was during the late lamented Dem
ocratic convention at Sacramento that
McNab's hold on the throat of the uni
verse began to slip. He was quick to
notice the first symptoms of w r aning
power and in order to delay the fatal
moment for the longest possible time he
sold his political birthright to Lawrence
and Phelan and trusted to the truth of
the old adage about there being "honor
among thieves" to pull him through to
the end.
It was a fatal error. There is no
honor among political thieves of the
stripe that stole the organization of the
local Democracy. The Whispering Boss,
who had planned and carried out the
hold up, now found himself at the
mercy of his accomplices and in grave
danger of being overlooked when it
came time to make a division of the
spoils. And this is exactly what did
occur.
After the McNab-Phelan job-chasers
who comprise the Committee of One
Hundred had resolved themselves into
a nominating convention for the pur
pose of making themselves candidates
for office, McNab produced a list of the
men whom he wished to ' have nomi
nated for places on the Board of Super
visors. - A hurried consultation was
held and Phelan and Lawrence decided
to take such action as would finally
convince the Whispering Boss: that he
had outlived the period of his political
usefulness. McNab was accordingly
told that under no circumstances would
he hp permittprTtn hnve * hi-i in nam
ing the supervisorial nominees.
Particular reference was made to the
names oi John ii. Hansen and Charles
Wesley Reed which appeared on Mc-
Nab's list of would-be Supervisors. The
first is an attorney who shares offices
with McNab, and the other' is a re
former of much experience and small
success. McNab also wished to have
Eugene Deuprey, who rendered him val
uable assistance in the work of stealing
the control of the local Democracy, re
ceive the nomination for District At
torney, and also to have Thomas Pin
der placed on the ticket as the nominee
for Recorder.
To all of these names and some others
Phelan and Lawrence would not listen-.
Then followed a scene that for a time
promised to end in a personal encoun
ter between the honorable Mayor and
the redoubtable Lawrence on the one
side and the Whispering Boss on the
other. McJlab turned loose a batch of
his choicest epigrams and in return
Lawrence threatened to cartoon, lam
poon and spittoon the erstwhile boss
until all the world would laugh him to
scorn.
As a matter of fact, acting under in
structions from Lawrence, the art de
partment of the Examiner did prepare
a cartoon of McNab dressed in kilts
and posing in an attitude not exactly
complimentary to a simon pure re
former. The literary department of
the same paper was also instructed to
prepare an article describing in detail
all of MeNab's political deformities, as
well as giving prominence to the pur
ity of the motives of the men who had
been his pals in the hold-up whereby
the Democratic voters of San Francisco
were robbed of the right to have a voice
in conducting the affairs of their
party.
Before the cartoon and the accom
panying article could reach the public
McNab weakened and signified his re
luctant consent to take his medicine
and say nothing. And that is why the
cartoon and article did not appear in
the columns of the Examiner. And
that is why the names of Thomas Pin
der, Eugene Deuprey, John H. Hansen
and Charles Weslev "rd do not ap
pear on the Democratic ticket. And
that is why Gavin McNab. the Whis
pering Boss, is sulking in his tent.
The Oakland Alliance.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The Republican Al
liance held a rousing house warming at
its commodious headquarters in Elite Hall
to-night, this being the formal debut of
this uniformed club. Eloquent speeches
were made by President G. R. Lukins.
Hon. W. R. Davis, Rev. J. W. Ellis. Ar
thur Breed and others. Telegrams were
read from Henry T. Gage and Major
Frank McLaughlin. At the close a ban
quet was served, and during the evening
the Fifth Regiment band dispensed music.
At the concision of the house warming
150 Republicans, headed by the
band, marched to the home of Victor
Metcalf. Republican nominee from the
Third Congressional District, on Harrison
street near Fourteenth, and serenaded
him. The Alliance will prove an active
factor In this campaign.
AD VSRTISEMEIJTS.
ICanEat
Anything now, and it makes me so
happy," writes a Vermont woman, "be-
cause lam no 1 - perfectly free from
those old deathly feelinr- when I could
not keep anything on my stomach, had
pains in my back and side. I owe
it all to Hood's Sarsaparilla, hree bot-
tles of which have made me perfectly
well and I am growing strong and
fleshy."
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six for $5-
Hood's Pills cure sick headache. 25 cents.
PURPOSE OP
TIE "PUSH" IS
VERY CLEAR
Mushroom Men Put
Up for Spoils.
MANY CANDIDATES UNEASY
INDEPENDENTS REGARDED AS A
PASSING JOKE.
The Republican Ticket Will Benefit
by the Splitting Up of
the Dissatisfied
Forces.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
&08 Broadway, Oct. 4.
Uneasy lies the head of the Alameda
County candidate for office, for it is just
dawning upon him that one-half of the
mushroom ticket and independent candi
dates have merely been encouraged to
run for office by the voracious "push,"
who see starvation ahead unless some
one "puts up."
The almost limitless list of candidates
has had its effect, and every roisterer
and heeler in the county is in clover. The
breaking up 01: party lines has materially
assisted the plans of the "push" and the
same "worker" now feels at liberty to
approach a Republican or a Populist with
as much confidence as he would a Prohi
bitionist or a Gold Democrat.
Many of the county officials who were
intending to go duck hunting have post
poned their trips, fearing that the enemy
may spread tares among their wheat
while they are banging away at canvas
backs. There are some very warm con
tests to be made before winners can de
clare themselves. John J. jillen, in addi
tion to Harry Dalton, is about the only
man who could go to sleep till November
9 and be confident that he would wake up
to find himself elected to office. In some
of the other contests two or more candi
dates are already claiming the victory,
but the knowing politicians are chewing
an enormous amount of hay in silence and
sawing large sacks of wood. Charley
Spear would feel safer if the car men
talked less about "old man Grim"; W. H.
Church realizes that he has no picnic on
his hands in running for Supervisor,
while County Clerk Jordan does not ex
pect more than 200 majority over the mis
cellaneous man, Tom Stoddard.
It is probable that all the independent
candidates and the dissatisfied fusionists,
non-fusionists, Populists, Democrats, Sil
ver Republicans and Gold Democrats will
so split the stray vote in all directions
and among so raanv. candidates that the
Republican ticket will be elected from
top to bottom. The so-called Independent
Republicans, who nominated a lot of
Democrats. Populists and Prohibitionists,
ere not taken very seriously. The legis
lative portion of their ticket is regarded
somewhat in the light of a joke, and it is
even said that some of the nominees do
not care two straws whether their names
go upon the ballot or not.
This evening there were several genu
ine Republican rallies at different points
of the city, and the enthusiasm and con
fidence of the party were shown to be in
creasing.
The Fruitvale Republican Club was ad
dressed this evening by Victor H. Met
calf, E. K. Taylor and Joseph Know
land. J. B. Lanktree has resigned from
the ways and means committee of the
County Central Committee. R. C. Potts
is now chairman, and W. B. Pringle fills
the vacancy.
Supervisor J. R. Talcott was warmly
received by the Volunteer Fire Depart
ment of Fruitvale at a banquet last night.
His method of conducting the work of his
office was warmly commended.
Last night a farewell banquet was ten
dered to Congressman Hilborn at the Ho
tel Metropole. Mr. Hilborn leaves for
Washington to-day.
John A. Sands, a local attorney and pol
itician, has been appointed Deputy United
States District Attorney for Alaska, and
will soon leave for his new field of duty.
Fighting for the Party Name.
The Supreme Court will set in bank this
morning to hear the mandamus proceed
ings brought by Carl T. Spelling to com
pel Secretary of State Brown to place his
name on the State ticket as the regular
Democratic nominee for Congress in the
Fourth District instead of James H.
Barry, the Populist-Democratic-Silver Re
publican nominee. Spelling and judge
Van Meter, who represent Secretary
Brown and Barry, were unable to agree
on a statement of facts, so they met yes
terday and had testimony taken before a
Court Commissioner. The law points in
volved will be argued to-daY and the con
flicting points of testimony submitted to
the court.
HDDYAN DID IT
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
do. HUDYAN cures. ; Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the;
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts. f
, SAN FRANCISCO, . CAL.
"D "D TT C 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Ori U OXIILO en - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard table*.
brewers, i bookbinders, candy- .makers, nners.
.dyers, flourrmils. foundries, . laundries, paper-
" hangers, printers, painters, : shoe factories.
tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. : etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Sb
IA/. X. Hess,
. KOTABY PD3LIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth ' Floor, Room 1015, Claus -S- ■'-". kels Bid*.
Telephone , Brown , 931.
Residence. &21 - California = at., below Powell.
San : Francisco. .; ~ .
ABATTLESHIP ILLINOIS LAUNCHED
aT THE NEWPORT NEWS YARD
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Oct. 4.—
Newport News was thronged
with visitors to-day from far and
near, who came to witness the
launching of the battleship Illi
nois. Chicago was represented by del
egations of prominent men and women,
■while the near-by cities and villages
practically emptied themselves of their
population in order to assist the Slate
of Illinois in honoring the baptism of
the great ship which is to bear the
name of the Prairie State.
A conservative estimate placed the
crowd of visitors at fully 20.000, and it
Is believed th:u fully .30,000 persons wit
nessed the ceremonies attendant upon
the launching. The weather was ideal.
Among the prominent persons from j
the national capital was Assistant Sec
retary of the Navy Allen, who came
here from Portsmouth, where he has
be>-n inspecting the navy-yard.
The steamer Newport News brought j
down from "Washington the following j
invit< I'ummodore and Mrs.;
M. T. Endicott, Captain A. S Crownin
shield. Paymaster General Edwin Stew
art, Engineer-in-Chief George W. Mel
ville, t?urgenn General W. K. Van Rey
pen and wife, Chief Constructor Philip
Klehliorn and wife, Captain and Mrs.
Samuel C. Lemley (Judge Advocate
General), Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson and daughter, Assistant Secre
tary of War Meiklejohn and J. D. Yoe
man and wife.
Governor Tanner of Illinois, with his
party, arrived at Old Point at 10 o'clock i
last night. Th..' preliminaries for the i
launching began at 10 o'clock to-day,
and at 10:30 the christening party !
passed through th? immense throng \
gathered around the red hull of the ■
Illinois.
Miss Nancy Leiter, sponsor for the
Illinois, accompanied by a distin
guished party from Chicago, asc i
the christening stand. There was con
. y in perfecting all the
preliminary arrangements, but the im
mense throng waited patiently until the
only remaining obstacle was the
single plank which held the vessel in
tlon.
A hush fell over the crowd as the
sharp paw out it<= way through the tim
ber. When the moment came
Miss Leiter poist 1 herself on the gayly
decorated stand with the bottle of
champagne In her hand, and as the big
ship movi toward the river
cast it against the receding bow. The
MADRID MUST
FIRST GIVE UP
THE PHILIPPINES
Then Peace Will Be
Effected Easily.
EASTERN QUESTION DOMINANT
FRESH INSTRUCTIONS SENT TO
THE COMMISSIONERS.
General Merritt's Opinion That All
the Islands Should Be Retained
Causes Consternation in
Spain.
ipatch to The "'all.
STAY YORK, Oct. 4.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: As the result of a .consulta
tion at the White House this afternoon
between the Preside at, Si cretary Hay
and Secretary I_on~ fresh instructions
regarding the Philippines have been
wired to the American Commissioners
in Paris. They do not materially alter
piven to the delegates before
their departure for France, but are on
a new point l<r.»' L ;;'ht us> since the con
sultation of Major Genera) Merritt with
American representatives. A ci
pher dispatch was received by Secre
tary Hay during the afternoon regard
ing the matter and he considered the
tion so Important that he went to
the White House and laid it before the
President. Mr. MeKinley sent for
uiry Long and shortly afterward
ad Assistant Secretary of State
wax called to the Executive Man
ilicials were closeted to
r for more than an hour. All of
Jficials who participated in the
conference are reticent, but it was ad
j that the consultation was held
to discuss the dispatch from Chairman
Day regarding the Philippines.
i ascertained that the programme
which the • .-omrnission is following re
quir< s the disposition of questions af
fect i:,.- '.:.■ archipelago before any
other questions art considered. The
lenl has been informed of General
Merritt's views in favor of the reten
tion of all the islands, but so far as I
have been able to learn the fre.sh in
structions do n the demand for
the island of Luzon ana reversionary
rights over the remainder of the group.
They relate, 1 was told, more to the
matter of detail and an intended to
equip the American Commissioners
with material to answer ih-> Spanish
Commissioners In case they should
a point In reply to the formal de
mand presented by Mr. Day yesterday.
The reply is expected on Friday and
the adjournment of the commission for
such time is regarded by Mr. Day and
the administration as indicating that
the commission's work will soon be
• ted. It is recognized that the
Philippines will be the bone of conten
and that once they are out of the
it will be pretty plain sailing in
the matter of arranging Cor the cession j
of Guam, Cuba, Porto Kico and the re- |
maining Spanish West Indies to the I
United States.
Mr. Day is empowered, however, to
interrupt the commission's work at any
time in case he should find that Spain
is either unwilling to grant the de
mands of this Government or disposed
unnecessarily to delay the commission's
work and a naval demonstration will
follow which, the authorities are satis,
fled, will bring the Madrid Government i
to its sen:
PARIS, Oct. 4.— The American Peace I
Commissioners determined to devote to
day's session to a conference with
Major General Merritt. The session of
the American commission began at 10
o'clock and lasted until 1 o'clock In the
afternoon.
General Merritt detailed to the com
UNCLE SAM'S MOST POWERFUL FIGHTING MACHINE AND THE LADY WHO CHRISTENED HER ILLINOIS.
Vast Throng Sees tl}e C^risteQing of
the American Navy's Most Pow
erful Fighting Machine.
bottle crashed into a, thousand frag
ments and the wine streamed down the
side of the nation's new defender. As
the great vessel moved down the ways
cheer after cheer went up from the
multitude of spectators, whose enthu
siastic shouts almost drowned the
noisy welcome to the newcomer sound-
missioners his personal views and those
of Rear Admiral Dewey regarding the
physical, geographical, moral and po
litical conditions prevailing in the
Philippine Islands.
General Merritt's exposition of his
personal views and judgment of the
Philippine Islands was not finished to
day and he will meet the commission
again to-morrow when he will continue
to discharge his errand here.
The Spanish commissioners were re
ceived this afternoon at 4 o'clock by
President Faure at the Elysee Palace.
Immediately following- the reception
of the Spaniards the members of the
American Peace Commission were re
ceived by President Faure at the Elysee
Palace.
General Porter presented Judge Day
• and the other members of the commis- ;
sion in turn, after which Judge Day ;
1 presented to President Faure a cable
message from President McKinley. It
read as follows:
On this occasion, when the commissions
of the United States and Spain arc about
to assemble at the capital of France to
I negotiate peace, and when the repre- i
sf-ntatives of this Government are receiv- i
; Ing i!ie hospitality and the good will of!
; t'n>' republic. I tender to you my mnst
friendly personal greeting and the assur- ;
| ances of my grateful appreciation of your
! kind courtesies to the American Commis
j sior.'
President Faure, in replying, cour
teously expressed his appreciation of
the cordial sentiments uttered and
heartily reciprocated thorn. President
Faure said that everything possible
would be done for the comfort of the
commissioners and added that he would
Immediately transmit directly to Presi
dent McKinley his reply to the latter's
cordial message.
The following is the text of Presi
dent Faure's cable message to President
McKinley:
I have had great pleasure in recei%'ing
the American plenipotentiaries to the Tlis
lano-Amcrican Peac <'ommission. Dur
iiiK the course of an audience Mr. Day
read the telegram which you so gra
ciously sent to me. I am very much
touched by the sentiments which your
excellency has been kind enough to ex
press, and I heartily tliank you for them.
I hope the American Commissioners will
have kind recollections of their sojourn
hi Paris, which I shall try to render
agreeable to them, and I sincerely hope
for a happy termination of the pacific
work of the commission.
La Patrie this evening prints an in
terview said to have been had with
General Rafael Correrro y Saenz, of
the Spanish Peace Commission, in
which be is represented as saying:
"Peace between Spain and the United
States will complicate all the Eastern
questions. The day upon which the
preliminaries are signed the first chap
ter in the new history of L'urope will
be commenced, as the United States
henceforth will play a preponderant
role in the events of which different
parts of the world will be a theater.
"The North Americans will be com
pelled to create all the naval forces de
manded by the situation brought about
by events. The stronger the United
States are, the more their friendship
will be sought after, and also the more
rivalry will there be among the Euro
pean nations.
•'Look at the extreme Orient, where
France, Russia, Germany and England
are powerful rivals. If the Americans
install themselves In the Philippines the
situation will be greatly mixed, and
they will not hesitate to seek the
friendship of Japan and England to the
detriment of all other nations. This
will bo for America a truly privileged
situation but the diplomatic role will
bo rendered proportionately moro diffi
cult."
MADRID, Oct. 4.— Opinions of Gen
eral Merritt have reached here and
have caused the wors,t impressions in
political centers.
The Imparcial published to-day a tel
egram from i*B correspondent in Paris
saying that General Merritt expn
sentiments favorable to the annexation
of the Philippines by the United Stat< •:«.
VICTIM OF FOOTBALL.
Young Player Succumbs to Injuries
Received in a Game.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— A dispatch from
Cambridge, Mass., says: Robert Covenry,
15 years of age, a son of the late J. W.
Covenry. formerly postmaster ,of Boston,
has died at the. City Hospital from In
juries received while playing football on
Franklin Field on Saturday afternoon in
a game between the Hartfords. represent
ing the neighborhood about Sargent
street, Roxbury. Covenry's.home, and the
Sprlngfields, who came from the West
End.
—.■♦ ■ , .
Sir Charles Dilke writes about the
Czar's peace union ; and the Anglo-
American alliance in next Sunday's
Call. .'."'; ...:.';"■., :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
Ed by the whistles in the harbor.
At 12:32 p. m. the Illinois struck the
water with a resounding splash and
floated majestically out into the
stream. There she was soon "picked
up" by the tug? which were in wait
ing and towed to a pifr. where she will
secure her boilers, engines and other
LAWS TO GOVERN
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Report Drafted by the
Commission.
BILL TO BE RECOMMENDED
, 1
WILL HAVE A FULL-FLEDGED
CONGRESSMAN.
Coolie Question to Be Met With Iron-
Clad Rules in Conformity With
the Chinese Restric
tion Act.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
HONOLULU, Sept. 24.— The com
mission having finished its sittings in
• Hawaii and left for home it will now
be in order to state what has been ac
complished. At the outset it may be
said that the work is complete - 1 all but
the finishing touches ' n the main re
port and one bill, on which President
McKinley's wishes have to be con
sulted.
While it is to be called the Territory
of Hawaii, the Government will be an
enlarged territorial one, something
half way between a Territory and a
State. Government by a commission
or on the* lines of the District of Co
lumbia ha' 1 never been seriously con
sidered. . some matters Hawaii will
be confine * to the privileges of a Ter
ritory, while in others it will have
those of a State.
The Territory of Hawaii will have
a Legislature and will make its own
laws, subject to approval or rejection
by Congress. There will be no change
from the present form of the Legis
lature, and its numerical strength and
apportionment of districts, etc., re
main untoiiched.
The new Territory of Hawaii will
have one representative in Congress at
present, but he will be a full fledged
one, not an ordinary Delegate with no
vote, who can only be heard on ques
tions concerning his own Territory.
The Congressman from Hawaii will
have the same. rights as one from Ohio,
a concession made to the growing
importance of Hawaii from a geo
graphical, naval and military stand
point.
The property qualification of $1500 in
real or $3000 in personal estate to make
an elector eligible to vote for the Sen
ate is done away with. To vote for a
Senator in the Territory of Hawaii an
elector must possess an annual income
from some source of $600. In every
thing else the franch ! ~^ is free and un
restricted by any qualification, educa
tional or otherwise.
The indorsement of the Washington
members of the commission has been
eagerly sought by friends of Minister
Sewall and President Dole early and
often, but the subject being a delicate
one no reference to it will be made
in the Commissioners' report. Being
a Democrat, Senator Morgan will have
nothing to do with' the question, be
lieving that President McKinley's
choice should be unhampered. It may
be said that personally Senator Cul
lom's sympathies are with Minister Se
wall, while those of Congressman Hitt
are for President Dole.
It has been decided that the Gover
norship of Hawaii !s to be a much more
important office than that of other new
Territories, consequently the salary will
be commensurate with the office. It
will be either $6000 a year, or $5000, with
an extra thousand for expenses, prac»
tically the same thing. The salary
and .status of the office having been
raised above the usual run of Terri
torial Governorships, there will be n&
other candidates than those mentioned
above, particularly in view of the pos
sibilities of a United States Senator
ship to be evolved in the future. it is
for this reason the Star learns that one
machinery.
Immediately after the launching sev
eral hundred guests of the Newport
News Shipbuilding and Drydock Com
pany boarded the steamer Newport
News for Old Point, where they were
entertained at a luncheon and banquet
at the Chamberlain Hotel. Toasts
of the foremost of Ohio's politicians,
a gentleman high in the councils of
President McKinloy and the Republican
party, a man who has only to ask for
the position to obtain the appointment,
is only awaiting the report of the com
mission to ma'-e known his candidacy,
and of course there will be any number
of other applicants as soon as the
amount of the salary becomes known.
The present judiciary system of Ha
waii will remain undisturbed. The Su
preme Court will probably be ffiven
Federal jurisdiction in United States
cases and the Judges will be appointed
for four years instead of life.
Much has been said and written as
to the position of the Cabinet before
the commission. Certain questions in
writingr were drawn up by the commis
sion and referred to the Cabinet for
answer. They were answered in writ
ing and the members of the Cabinet
alpu gave such information to the com
mission, as was required of their seve
ral departments. In this connection it
may be stated that the commission
takes back to Washington the most
complete and exhaustive data concern
ing every detail of the different de
partments. Senator Cullom has a com
plete inventory of everything trans
ferred to the United States under the
Newlands resolution, even down to
chairs and tables. Minister Damon
has had to furnish elaborate statistics
from the Customs and Postal bureaus,
as well as complete statements of the
present financial status of the Govern
ment, the currency and coin in circu
lation, while the other Ministers have
had to furnish similar data from their
departments. When the commission
deposits its record in Washington the
officials there will be able to put their
ringers on any data concerning Hawaii
at a moment's notice.
There have been rumors on the
street for several days that there was
a division in the commission, and that
its sittings here have not been as har
monious as might be. This is not so.
While there have been differences of
opinion there has been no dissension or
acrimonious feeling. For instance, on
the question of suffrage, there was a
division. Senators Cullom and Mor
gan were opposed to any restriction,
while the two Hawaiian members
wanted the present restrictions main
tained. Congressman Hitt took the
middle view, favoring a small income
qualification, and thus an agreement
was finally reached.
It may be stated on this head that
all memorials and petitions have been
of no avail. The terms of. the New
lands resolution and the Chinese re
striction act are so strong as to leave
the commission no choice but to submit
to the ironclad rules laid down.
Contrary to the impression which has
heretofore prevailed, the several bills,
with one exception, which are to be pre
sented with the report, are already pre
pared, and will go at once to the Con
gressional printing office. The com
mission being empowered to present a
report and such bills as may be requi
site it will not be necessary for the bills
to be presented and by a vote passed
to print, as Is usual with new bills.
The main report will he in manuscript
for the President'" use only, but It Is
considered likely that It will be incor
porated In a special message to Con
gress and thus be made public.
It is understood that the question of
citizenship will be referred to the State
Department at Washington for final
decision. This being settled, the com
mission has only to meet in Washing
ton on November 14. incorporate the
decision In their report and final bill
and their labors will he nt an end.
TRANSPORT OBDAM'S
BUNKERS ON FIRE
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 4.— The
United States transport Obdam, which
left here on Sunday, has returned with
her bunkers on fire. The presence of
fire was discovered yesterday morning
at 10 o'clock in the main hold, which
was at once flooded with tons of water
and a pang of men was put at work re
moving the ammunition, of which the
ship carried a large supply. All the offi
cers and soldiers who were well enough
to do so worked hard to extinguish the
flames. Every means available is now
being employed to extinguish the fire,
ami it is hoped she will be able to leave
here again in three days.
Surgeon Major Seaman reports all
well on board.
. .DIED.
COFFIN— In Oakland/October 3, 1898, Charles
■ . Bustln, beJoved , husband .of Annie K. ■ H.
Coffin, and father, of ; Gertrude R. Coffin, a
. • native . of. Pennsylvania,, aged 34 -years' 1
. month and l.day. .. t-'j . -. . : .
; IC7" The funeral will take place to-morrow
r (Thursday), at 2, o'clock, from Salvation
" Hall, i Twelfth ■ and Washington ' streets, : Oak-
land. ; . . ..:■■■-,.•. -...-.I
were responded to by Governor Tanner
of Illinois, Governor Tyler of Virginia
and other prominent guests. A launch
ing hop was given at the Chamberlain
Hotel this evening.
The Illinois will be the biggest and
most powerful and probably the most
effective battleshin in the United States
navy. Larger than the lowa and
heavier than the Oregon, the Illinois is
still so designed that »he will be able
to enter any harbor open to the smaller
battleships, while, in the matter of
speed, she will rank with any of them.
The most striking difference between
the Illinois and the battleships now in
service is the high freeboard of the for
mer, enabling her to fight her guns
from their great elevation above the
water in seas so heavy that the guns
of the lower vessel would be sub
merged and useless. Splendid sea
going powers are also expected to re
sult from this increased freeboard, by
which is 'meant the height of the hull
above the water line.
The dimensions •>* the Illinois are as
follows: length on load water line,
368 feet; beam, extreme, 7? feet 2^
inches; draft on normal displacement
of 111,525 tons, 23 feet 6 inches: maxi
mum displacement, all ammunition and
stores on board, 12,325 tons; maximum
indicated horsepower (estimated), 10,
000; probable speed. 16V2 knots; normal
coal supple 800 tuns; coal supply, loose
storage, 1200 tons; full bunker capacity,
1400 to 1500 tons.
Complement of officers, 40; seamen,
marines, etc., 449.
The main battery will consist of four
13-lnch breech-loading rittes in Hich
born balanced turrets oval in shape,
and placed in the center line of the
vessel, and fourteen 6-inch rapid fire
guns. The secondary battery will con
sist of sixteen 6-pounder rapid fire
guns four 1-pounder rapid fire guns,
two Colt guns and two field guns. She
will carry four torpedo tubes.
There will be two sets of triple ex
pansion, twin-screw engines, each in
its own separate water-tight compart
ment The collective indicated horse
power will be about 10.000. with 120 rev
olutions per minute, stroke four feet.
The first keel plate of the vessel was
laid February 10, 1897, not quite twenty
months ago, and the percentage of
work completed to this date, based
upon the vessel fitted out and ready
for sea, is now reported as between 53
and 54 per cent. The contract price
was $2,595,000, and the date of comple
tion is stated to be October 5, 1599.
CUBAN BOARDS IN
JOINT CONFERENCE
First Session Held at
Havana.
DISAGREEMENT IS PROBABLE
SPANIARDS WILL WORK TO OB
TAIN DELAY.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, Oct. 4.— There was a
joint session of the commissions this
morning, as arranged by General Clous,
Captain Hart, Colonel Giranta and Ma
jor Benetez. Even the Commissioners
themselves were in the dark before the
meeting as to the method of procedure
and the extent of the programme.
One thing was considered certain:
that the date of evacuation would be
the first matter discussed. Other topics
which it was expected would be taken
up were the order in which the Spanish
troops should move, the opening of
ports to admit relief supplies, the clear
ing of the districts of Spanish soldiers,
the abrogating or modifying of the
orders of concentration so that the Cu
bans can go to work and defining the
property to be relinquished and to be
taken to Spain by the Spanish troops.
The session has every prospect of be
ing a lengthy one, progress being slow
on account of the necessity of employ
ing interpreters. The probability is that
each side will want separate confer
ences on various points brought up.
The Americans intend to insist on
prompt action, while the Spaniards will
urge the great difficulties in the way of
a movement earlier than on the dates
they named. A disagreement will prob
ably result and the Spaniards may ap
peal to Madrid, similar action being
taken by Americans, who will appeal to
Washington.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
0000000 0000000000 0000000000000000000
° \ oi
i Free Book for Weak Men I
o o
o — o
O :.;V^y-V:-.;: .;V^y-V:-.; V. . . ■ O !
© ,^^ss^li. My little book— . q i
® m llli "Three Classes %
° my^* ]■£» of Men 7—7 — ©
O J| ~M+>C 4ss]ia sent sealed— free upon request. ®
' ° J&l *"'St^ $$&? te^ s of my thirty years' prac- o
O '^^e^i'^^^W *CG an(^ success in treating, o
8 d fs--^^^^^J^^^ Nervousness, potency, Vari- °
° cocele, La mo Back and kindred Q
2 jfi3&£Msr \^j^?l**&W 'Ailments by nature's own gift o
% lllliiillr toman-Electricity. ; O.
o ■'■.■ • ■ ■■ :v '-' ■■''■ ' ®
I DRUGS NEVER CURE, !.
o ■' "o
° They only stimulate. With my famous Electric Bolt and Supporting Sus- ~
I ® pensory '■ I cured 5000 last year. Soothing currents applied through °
® . weakened parts at night. It cures you while you sleep. Write for ■° .
*~ book to-day and get my opinion of your case, or drop In and consult ®
?, me free of charge, and test current of Belt. Call or address ', "\ °- j
° DR. A. T. SANDEN, '»■■',-' -■'• ■■ .-'■'.- •■•■■ * O
§ 701 Market Stmt, Corn.r Etaray, San Fraaeisie. HOT IN DRUG STORES. °
O Office ' h»ur«, Ba.m.to S p. m. ; Sundays 10 . _ • '• ■ ■ . ~" — _ " ' , : O,'
to 1. Branches at Los: Angeles, Cal.. 232 Weat , Dr. Sanden • Eleetrlo Celt | q
O Second utreet; Portland, ■ Or., 253 Washington •• never «o!d In drug , stores . *»
X- street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth r street; ' nor. by traveling agonts; only i O
O Dallas, Tex.. : 285 .Main, street ;: Butts. .Mont.. . at our office. - . :, -.
Q 110 North Main street. -.>:*- ';• » * v
w-'w -' ---•■--. ■--.■■_-.■■ ■ - ■■ v - ■ '■■■•■■■ • ■•■-■■: ';_■ ; ".-„■.■;.'■ ■-.»■ - O .
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooocooooo
1
NATIONAL ISSUES
ARE PARAMOUNT
Thus Declares Colonel
Roosevelt.
ACCEPTS THE NOMINATION
PLEDGES SUPPORT TO SARA
TOGA PLATFORM.
Believes the American Army and
Navy Should Be Strengthened
to Meet All Demands
Upon It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— The committee
appointed to notify the candidates
nominated by the State Republican
Convention at Saratoga went to the
home of Colonel Roosevelt, the nomi
nee for Governor, at Oyster Boy, L. L,
to-day. Senator Platt was unable to
attend through illness. Dr. Chauncey
M. Depew made the noti f ation address
to Colonel Roosevelt, t. omplimenting
him on the unanimity of his choice by
the convention. Colonel Roosevelt re
plied as follows:
I herewith accept the nomination ten
dered by the Republican party in con
vention assembled. J deeply feel the re
sponsibilities which attach to the chief
executive of a commonwealth larger and
more populous than many an Oid World
kingdom. In accepting this nomination
at the hands of the authorized committee
of the Republican State Convention I take
this opportunity of extending through you
to the Republicans of the Empire State
my heartfelt thanks for the distinguished
honor conferred upon me. If elected I
shall strive to administer the duties of
this high office in the interests of the peo
?le of the State as a whole, knowing that
owe my position to the people, and to
them I shall hold myself accountable. I
take it that the promises made in the
platform adopted at Sarataga are as bind
ing as any others, and to the fulfillment
of the pledges made therein I promise my
best efforts. The party's past has been
f:lorious, and, while this does not atone
or failure to perform present duty, it
does give adequate reason for believing
we shall meet each duty right, so that
the party in the future may give as great
a cause for thankfulness and pride as do
the achievements of the past.
National issues are paramount this
year. It is not more possible to conduct
a State election now without regard to
national Issues than it was possible so
to conduct one in 1861 or 1563. As it then
was, so it now is the interest of the
nation as a whole which is of vital and
absorbing interest to every citizen. Then,
as now, the Republican party was forced
to find new issues, to confront new prob
lems. Then, as now, it was forced to
make precedents. In ISSI we had to pre
serve the republic for its great destiny;
in 189S we have to take a long stride
toward the accomplishment of lat des
tiny. The Republican party, therefore, in
its State platform, does well to reiterate
the promise under which it was possible
to elect a Republican President, pledges
which made it possible to restore prosper
ity to our country, and to put the nation
where it is possible to work out the glo
rious future which is now before a united
nation.
The issues for honest morfey, for protec
tion to American industry, for the up
building of a merchant marine adequate
to carry the commerce of the world, and
to form a naval militia in times of war,
are as vital this year as they were In the
great contest which was so successfully
fought In 1596. We must further strength
en our navy and build up our army, so
that they may be equal to meet every
demand made upon them, as we. work out
our destiny. Hawaii and Porto Rico are
ours and in the East and West Indies the
Interests of the nation shall be safe
guarded.
Nor is it alone on national Issues that
the Republican party has its duties to per
form. Its record made by the Republican
administration of the State of New York
Is a guarantee that upon all questions af
fecting the property rights and interests
and liberty of all citizens the Republican
party can be safely trusted. As we pledge
ourselves to uphold the national honor
abroad, we pledg* ourselves to enforce
strict honesty at home.
The National Guard must be raised to
and kept at the highest standard of effi
ciency. It has amply proved its courage
and patriotism and we are bound to see
that soldiers so brave and so willing are
properly armed and are handled on the
best possible system.
I heartily concur In the doctrines enun
ciated at Saratoga, and if elected. I shall
earnestly strive to discharge the duties of
the chief executive that at the time of the
end of my term the people shall find that
their interests have been safe In my
hands.
SALINAS' NEW BRIDGE OPEN.
Fine Structure Built by the Spreckels
Sugar Company.
SALINAS, CaL, Oct. 4.— The new pier
bridge over the Salinas River near the
sugar factory was reported completed
and ready for use this afternoon. The
bridge, which is undoubtedly the finest
in the county, was built for the Spreckels
Sugar Company. It has six spans, each
sixty feet long, with two approaches of
forty feet each, and tracks for
both narrow and broad gauge cars.
There is also a wagon road on
either side of the track and passenger
walks. Underneath the bridge pipes have
been laid = connecting the large 1,300.000
gallon reservoir on the hill with the fac
tory buildings. The piers are sold and
built to resist the onslaughts of debris
and water during floods. Ninety days
were consumed in building the structure,
which cost the company over $20,000.
I f . ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN
MEETINGS!
HON. HENRY T. GAGE,
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
HON. CHAS. L. PATTON
AND OTHER SPEAKERS
.Will Address the People
This Wednesday Evening
DRBW 7 SHALL,
9 121 New Montgomery Street,
Under the auspices of the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth District Clubs.
ALSO. AT
CAMBRIAN HALL,
1133 Mission Street,
Under the Auspices of the Scandinavian Re-
publican Club.
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGDLAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHND.SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
 '_ijfc-i|—^ We cure weakness
-j«<sg-^sy^^^^< , and diseases of Men,
J?P including Nervous
fc^^Sc*^ *^5 * Xilood Poison tinrl
We?* thi contracted ' ailments.
f£s&~/l _iiW quickly and pfrman-
TXfcFffi . rMmr, TfSfSk en t!y. Largest prac-
{Sriuf <l X^£&&vft% > \ tlce ahd best e< l u iP-
yf}®;' ¥^^* ped medicai institu-
fVS^ V^T tion on the Paciflc
WtWM, JtfSBjy Established 17 Year 8
'^^^^^^^v^^^'f Private book and
[P^^v of flee or by mnil - A! * 1
l^^|\ t\^W@B%&2''&' Iptters sac redly con-
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73! Market St., S. F.
MunjonlsHeadacheand Indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on tL«j market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's i ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. ! 25 cures, 25c.
• United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX LA CHAPELLE, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for tha
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
] surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 61 i of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $627,000 00
Cash In company's office..... 604 91
Cash in banks 145.429 67
i Interest due and accrued on all
I stocks and loans ; 1.375 00
Premiums in due course of collection 34.454 27
Agents' balances • 20,715 32
Total assets $329,609 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid *5,60« 93
Losses in process of adjustment or m
in suspense 19,924 37
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4.656 74
Gross premiums on fire risks .jrun-
ning one year or less, $350,523 47;
reinsurance 50 per. cent..... 175,26173
Gross premiums .on fire risks run-
i ning more than one year, 197.255 71;
reinsurance pro rata 61.421 18
All other demands against the com-
pany • • ••• 6,179 63
Total liabilities. $273,080 60
INCOME. .
I Net cash. actually received for fire ♦■.;',„: ;
premiums ....: < VV, > v:-: 1 425 - 487 29
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 20,103 61
Total Income • $445,590 87
EXPENDITURES.
I Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
I eluding $15.763 57, losses of pre- .„ „" '
vious years) $110,751.9
! Paid or allowed for commission or
j brokerage • •••• 86,213 53
' Paid for salaries, fees and ' other
charges for of fleers, - clerks, etc.... 58,750 13
! Paid for State, national and local
taxes • 3.513 61
All other payments and expenditures . 38,650 15
Total expenditures $237.855 11
.. '.. >>.■■■-•.•.".: ; . ■ Fire.
i Losses incurred during the year $125.242 24
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $41,914,462 $529.717 45
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. -20,631,891 246.566 50
Net a mount in. force De- -
cember 31, 1537 33.293,393 447.803 18
SAM'L R. WEED.
Of Weed & Kennedy.
i.v.\ ; V^ United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. IS9B.
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
CESAR BERTHEAU,
!MA2Sr.A.Or:E3:R.,
423 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
r,<^^^BE^£*/-iM Bis O Is a non-pol«otjoa»
if^^V^^^fl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
< : leet, Spermatorrhoea,
MSItF ■'" ' '" Jii»Ts.^M Whites, unnatural dis-
/SJj&Js' On»r»ntw".i ra charges, or any inflamnia-.
fftiUy not to stricture. ■ . tioii, irritation or ulcera- |
b» i TJPMTtnu cootigion. ■ tion of «ji com. mem- - ■
■TSVheEyANS GHEMtati Co. branes. Non-astringent.
VIA.C'NCINNATI.O ISn St * la b ' Dru *» l
x»?SS?V it h x Til nr Bent ' a plain wrapper,
JnSfflßWk"* ' - '^i&Vi by express, prepaid, for
■WsEsJ&£F&& l **Jk V.- 00 " r - ; f'ottloj. ?2.75.
- *»^BsSffiH^~T> ■ Circular not on request. s
Weekly CaEjl. soler Year
':•»- .'V.v--.- ■ .. ?.-■■■; ■ ■ ■ ■ -.. ■ "- :
34
BLEACHING BONES
TELL THE FATE OF
JACKSON'S MEN
How the First Attempt to Carry
Mail Into the Yukon in
Winter Failed.
Harrowing Tale of Starvation, of Insanity From
Want and of Possible Murder and
Cannibalism.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The CaJl.
JT'NEAU, Alaska, Sept. 2.").— The dis
covery last week near Lake Atiin, the
central location of the now placer dig
gings, of parts man skeletons
picked clean of iiesh by wild beasts,
hay brought to light a peculiar story
of insanity and death from Btar\
in that rugged region, the creeks of
which were recently found speckled
with gold. Near the first was a jumper
and a pair of overalls rotted on the
ground; at the otht-r, only bones.
In 1595 the first attempt was made to
take mail into the Yukon in winter.
The previous summer John J. Healey,
manager for the Northwestern Trad-
Ing and Transportation Company, sent
out a request to C. S. Johnson, a Ja
neau attorney, to contract with some
body to bring the mail in over the ice.
The headquarters of the company was
then at Cudahy, a post about a mile
and a half below Forty Mile. John.
son has since been appointed United
States District Attorney for Alaska by
President McKir.iey. He was con
firmed by th^ Senate last summer,
about a year later a fight having been
made on him. In 1595 Forty Mile and
Circle were the only settlements of
note on the T.'pper Yukon, for it was
not till the summer of 1536 that •'ln
dian George" Cormac stumbled upon
the gold of the Klondike and Dawson
began to be builded. The pay being
good, Johnson had no difficulty in find
ing men to undertake the Job. Old
timers strongly advised against the at
tempt as a reckless risk of life. Some
actually opposed it.
Two ambitious parties were made up.
In one were a printer named Hodges,
Neil, a young Scotchman; "Jimmy"
Jackson, an Indian and the leader, and
three other Indians. Hodges
along about 100 pou -wspapers
and magazines, on which he expected
to make a neat clean-up. Being a
printer, he knew everything. He
thought he was as well posted on what
to wear and what to do as the oldest
Yukoner. Nobody could pass a "gal
ley" to him on Yukon information, for
there were no errors under his "slug," ;
he said.
Poor Hodges! He was even thinly
clad as he sat in the canoe on the sack
containing part of the mail.
Jackson had four dogs and a heavy !
Bled. The dogs weighed no more than j
twenty-five or thirty pounds each. Yu- j
koners wintering In Juneau went down
to the float to see th~m off. They told j
the boys they did not have enough !
grub, and put in a last, but Unheeded,
protest. It was between December 16 :
and 20 that they set out in rough
water and a raw wind. Judge John- :
son kindly Bent along a doz^n cans'
of fresh oysters for Healey ar.-.l other
friends.
The other party was joined by Tom \
Healey, a son of John J. Healey, who !
was then in Juneau. He persuaded
Dan Stewart, an aged prospector who ;
had spent many a season on the other
side of the divide, to go along. The !
old man had some money deposited for j
security in a hotel safe In care of Col- |
onel John Olds. He demanded the !
money. Olds begged him to stay at j
home, urged that he would never get j
to Forty Mile and finally refused to j
deliver over the money. Healey got j
together a lot of cigars and fancy gro
ceries in addition to the necessary sup
plies. That was ail he knew about a
Yukon winter then; he knows more
now. Away they, too. went over the
water, heading for Dyea Inlet and the !
Chilkoot Pass.
Few men in Alaska, or anywhere
else, ever went through the awful ex
perience of "Jimmy" Jackson and his
companions. The following February
some Yukoners, camped for the Win
ter, found Jackson and one of the other
Indians wandering aimlessly around
near Taku arm, close to Lake Atlin,
half dead from starvation and cold.
They had devoured the four dogs, ex
cept half of one animal, which Jack-
Bon carried In the mall sack. Judge
Johnson's oysters had disappeared from
the commissary. Nobody has ever
been able to learn just what the party
went through owing to the inability of
the two natives to express themselves
fluently in English, and also, very
probably, for graver reasons. The dif
ficulties of their undertaking were in
sreased by the fact that they adven
turously set out to reach the Lewis
and then the Yukon River over a new
and little known country lying north of
the head of the Taku River, expecting
to come out «n Lake Atlin. High
winds and heavy, drifting snowstorms
were met with almost from the start.
After leaving the canoe it. was r.eces
snry to relay their supplies from one
rache to another. The snow fell so
iwiftly and was so whirled by the
Bowling 1 storms that the trail was lost
md the caches buried out of sight. In
t, few days all the provisions left were
:he few pounds of bacon and flour each
nan packed on his back. It was im
ADVERTISEMENTS.
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
possible to keep up a fire, both on ac
count of the scarcity of wood, the fu
rious winds and the impossibility of
finding or making a well-protected
camp. They huddled close together
for warmth, like shsep in a field. The
bacon was eaten raw and the flour
swallowed by moistening it in their
mouths with snow. The dismal day
came when they ate the last mouthful
ur paste, the bacon having been
consumed lirst. The thin and famish
ing dogs added their howls to the la
mentations of the situation. Gaunt
specters of starvation danced around
them on the snow and shrieked in
laughter with the wind.
Hedges became crazed and wandered
away alone, clasping to his breast a
letter that had been intrusted to his
especial care.
Next marning Neil, also, was miss
ing. He, too, had shown signs of in
sanity from weakness. What became
of the two other Indians is likely to
remain a riddle forever. Jackson said,
"He lost," and that was all he ever
would say about it. There are those
who suspect they were made unwilling
sacrifices by Jackson and his friend.
Among Alaska Indians in case of life
or death there are said to have been
instances of "dog eat dog," but only in
such extremity. But it is more prob
able that the other two natives, if
killed, were sent to the happy hunting
grounds in order to decrease the de
mand on the diet of real dog.
When all were huddled together in a
hole in the snow the mail was aban
doned. The Indians selected a few
letters which, from th^ sign and ap- i
mcc of the envelopes, appeared tt, i
be the most important, and which they j
placed inside the lining of their clothes, j
Faithful so far as possible to their j
trust, Jackson and the other man still
had a few letters when found. Th^y j
were helped down the Lewis River j
to the mouth of 'He Hootalinqua, !
where some \\^hite men had a little grub !
to spare, and they eventually reached j
Forty Mile in the spring.
The Healey- Stewart party got a good
start, but that -- -s all, except cold
feet. They succeeded in getting their
goods packed to the summit of the
Chilkoot and cached, when a snow
storm fell from heaven and buried the
cache out of sight. The mail was still
at Dyea. Dan Stewart tried to find
the cache by prodding a long iron rod
down Into the snow, but failed. He
froze his feet as solid as twin lasts of
a shoemaker. Old Dan went to bed
in Dyea and never got up till the next
June.
In May another party spied the top
of the cache sticking out of the snow,
the stuff, including the cigars, into
the Yukon and sold it at about $1000
profit. That mail sack was the first
one in in the snring.
A hairpin was found in a pocket of
the jumper rotting with the bones near
the foot of Lake Atlin. It is not de
coro*rs, especially in the presence of the
remains of brave men, to inquire how
a white man caroe by a hairpin, but in
this connection a clew to identification
may be furnished by the query. What
would a native of Alaska be doing with
one? Those bones were all that were
left of brave Hodees or Neil. The skull
among the other scattered bones found
near the head of one of the creeks
emptying into Surprise Lake is not the
skull of an Indian but of a white man.
Old timers assert that there has not
been a real Yukon winter in two years,
and for this reason so many men were
able to get up the river from Dawson
last winter. The thermometer then
ranged from 30 to 60 below. The old
timer says: "Wait till the mercury
hangs around 70 -or 80, with a wind
howling down from the top of the earth
so cold that it stings like a hot iron
that is the customary winter over the
divide." They predict more experi
ences of the kind that went with the
first winter attempt to get mall into
the Yukon if the season approaching is
of the real sort.
PLENTY OF SUPPLIES
FOR THE DAWSONITES
SEATTLE, Oct. 4.— An estimate of
the amount of provisions on the Yukon
River indicates that there will be no
need of a Government relief expedi
tion this winter. The two big trans
portation companies have at least 20,
000 tons at various points on the river.
The North American Trading and
Transportation Company is credited
with these figures: At Dawson, 4000
tons; Fort Cudahy. 1500 tons- Circle
City, 1500 tons; Fort Yukon, 1500 tons;
Rampart City. 1000 tons; Eagle City,
500 tons, and Perry City, 100.
The Alaska Commercial Company has
about the same amounts on hand, ex
cept at Dawson, where it has about
7000 tons.
Trading posts have recently been es
tablished by the two companies on the
Knyukuk River, the Alaska Commer
cial Company locating at Arctic City
and the Xorth American Trading and
Transportation Company at Perry City,
fifty miles above.
QUARTZ LAND ALONG
RESURRECTION BAY
STOCKTON, Oct. 4 — Richard Ryan
and A. Haskell, who have returned to
Lodi from Resurrection Bay, Alaska,
report that country rich in quartz.
Their company will Incorporate and
work their claims by hydraulicking.
Pick and shovel mining in that region
is paying from $15 to $90 a day. Al
though the country has every indica
tion of wealth, the gentlemen say that
it is no place for a man without cap
ital.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEH 5, 1898.
JUDGE MAGUIRE
TALKS AT MERCED
Greeted by an Immense
Audience.
MAKES ANGRY REPLY TO GAGE
CALLS BARNES HIS POLITICAL
CHAPERON.
Denies Republican Claims of Credit
for Success of the War and
Says the Single Tax Is
Not an Issue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Oct. 4.— One of the largest
political demonstrations ever seen in
Merced was that which occurred here
to-night in honor of James G. Maguire.
Judge Maguire, accompanied by E. L.
Hutchison, the fusion candidate for
Lieutenant Governor, arrived in Merced
at 4 o'clock this afternoon over the Val
ley road from Madera. They were met
at the depot by a committee and es
corted to the hotel, where the "Little
Giant" held an impromptu reception.
This evening a mass meeting was held
in the pavilion, which marked the open
ing of the campaign in Merced and
which was attended by an immense
crowd. Great enthusiasm prevailed.
S. C. Cornell, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee, called the
meeting to order, and after announcing
the names of the vice presidents intro
duced James F. Peck, the eloquent at
torney, as chairman. After a brief talk
Mr. Peck presented Judge Maguire. who
was received with vigorous applause
and cheers.
Mr. Maguire spoke about two hours,
devoting the major portion of his ad
dress to a reply to his "distinguished
opr-onent." He handled Mr. Gage with
out gloves, subjecting the Republican
candidate to an unmerciful grilling. He
went after General Barnes roughshod
and said that the method pursued by
the opposition was indeed unique — that
of sending a political chaperon around
with their candidate for Governor.
Judge Maguire defended his vote in
Congress on the war revenue hi!!,
sharply criticized the Republican claim
that the recent war was a Republi
can war, and explained his action.re
garding the funding bill.
"The Republicans ciaim the credit
for the successful prosecution of the
war," said Maguire. "Will they as
sume the responsibility for the mis
management of it which resulted in
the great mortality of our troops with
in our own borders? I say it was an
American war, and I am content to let
the mistakes rest as a common sorrow
and the success and glory as a com
mon heritage of the American people."
The speaker's reference to the war
provoked great applause.
Maguire charged that the Republican
State campaign was controlled by
Southern Pacific influence and refused
to discuss the single tax, which, he
said, did not appear as an issue. He
made a masterly address and received
the close attention of his hearers. Mr.
Hutchison followed Mr. Magutre with
a brief speech and the meeting closed
with cheers for Maguire and Hutchi
son and music by the band.
DEADLOCK BROKEN AND
OSTROM IS NOMINATED
Outcome of the Hitch in the Demo-
cratic Joint Senatorial Conven
tion at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE. Oct. 4.— The deadlock |
which developed in the Democratic Joint j
Senatorial Convention last Thursday be
tween D. A. Ostrom and H. B. Stabler,
nominees for Senator, was broken on the
ninth ballot taken in adjourned session
this afternoon. The first ballot was a '
repetition of last week's vote, standing '
Ostrom 12. Stahk-r 12. On the second bal
lot Delegate Lewis from Yolo changed
to Ostrom making the result: Ostrom 13,
Stabler 11. Ostrom was made the unani
mous choice of the convention. W M
Cutter, Republican, is Ostrorn's oppo- '
nent.
The Assembly convention of the Eighth
District, including the counties of Yuba
and Sutter, nominated 8. D. Hicks of
Sutter County for Assemblyman, there
being no opposition. L. P. Farmer pre- I
sided and William Englund was secre- ,
tarv.
WATERS AT WATSONVILLE
Nominee for Congress Opens the Re
publican Campaign There.
WATSOXYILLE. Oct. 4.— R. J. Waters.
Republican nominee for Congressman
from this district, and Will A. Harris
opened the Republican campaign in this
city this evening before a large and en
thusiastic Republican audience. Both
speakers handled the issues of the cam
paign in a masterly manner. Mr. Waters
made many votes as a result of his visit
to WatsonvlHe. and he considers his
chances for election to Congress from this
district certain, and predicts success for
the entire Republican State ticket.
Democratic Rally at Marysville.
MARYSYILLE. Oct. 4.-This evening
the first mass meeting of the campaign
under the auspices of the local Demo
cratic managers waa held in the Marjs
ville Theater. The large audience was ad
dressed by William H. Alford of the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee. H. M.
La Rue. candidate for Railroad Commis
sioner; H. P. Andrews, candidate for at
torney General, and H. G. Murphy. Dem
ocratic nominee for Assessor of Tuba
County.
DIFFERENCE 0F OPINION
CAUSES A REMOVAL
Grand Master of the United Work
men Deposes a Committee
Chairman.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 4.— As the result of a
difference of opinion Grand Master Work
man W. H. Miller of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen has removed from of
fice Walter F. McEntire, chairman of the
committee on finance. The matter will
most likely be taken before the Grand
Lodge for final adjudication. Members of
the order question the right of the grand
master to remove McEntire. It is as
serted that the proper course would have
been to prefer charges against McEntire.
CROOK ARRESTED AT SALINAS.
Obtained Money and Food by Imper
sonating a Lodi Handier.
SALINAS, Cal.. Oct. 4.— A man claim
ing to be Hiram Beckman, a prominent
rancher near Lodi. was arrested this af
ternoon for obtaining money and food
under false pretenses. He stated that he
was robbed a short time ago at Paso
Robles Hot Springs of money, a watch
and clothing while a guest at the h<nel
for the benefit of his health, and had
telegraphed his wife at the time, but
owing to her absence north had not re
ceived money. Telegrams sent to Lodi
proved the man, who sticks to his story,
to be a fraud, as Beckman is at Lodi in
good health and has not been away from
home, nor has his wife.
Captain Hansen's Body Recovered.
CAHTO. Cal.. Oct. 4.— The body of Cap
tain Hansen, drowned at Rockport on Sep
tember 26, was washed ashore there to
day. The body was sent to Sac Francisco
by his old steamer, the Scotia, to-night.
WOMEN LOST Oi
MOUNT VESUVIUS
Adventure of a Party of
Americans.
MISLED BY BOGUS GUIDES
WANDER ALL NIGHT THOUGH
BEDS OF ASHES.
With Clothing Scorched and Peet
Blistered They Reach Their
Hotel Almost Dead
2Trom Exhaustion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— A special to the
Herald frpm Chicago says: Five Amer
ican women had a thrilling experience
on the side of Mount Vesuvius early
last week and narrowly escaped with
their lives. They were Miss Elizabeth
Stephenson daughter of former Con
gressman Stephenson of Marietta, Wis.,
who has been selected to christen the
battleship Wisconsin upon the occasion
of her launching at San Francisco on
November 26; Miss Harriet Stephenson,
her sister; Mrs. F. C. Austin and Miss
Marion Austin of Chicago and Miss
Charlotte Holmes of Menominee, Mich.
These women wandered about all
night on the side of the mountain with
scorched clothing and feet blistered
from walking In the hot ashes, every
moment fearing thai waves of lava
might overtake them and bury them
under their fiery masses. They were
also burned and blistered and suffered
greatly from the nervous shock, but
none of them '..ill die. After hours of
uncertainty and fear they finally got
upon one of the by-ways leading down
the sides of the volcano and succeeded
in returning to Naples, where they were
attended by physicians.
The party of women left their hotel
in the evening at about 5 o'clock and
took carriages to the base of the moun
tain, which they decided to ascend as
far as possible in order to get the best
view of the eruption. Before attempt
ing tv ascend they picked up three
Italian guides, being led to believe they
were official guides, but before long
they found the fellows were merely
worthless street characters who were
willing to earn a few dollars but knew
practically nothing about taking care
of those who desired to get to the
crater.
In a short time the women became
aware they were lost, but could get no
help from the guides, who were as
helpless and frightened as themselves.
They were almost asphyxiated by nox
ious gases and soon became almost too
weak to stand up. In this condition
they wandered around, stumbling in
the darkness and frequently falling,
their situation becoming more horrify
ing every moment.
They had practically given up all
hope of escape when they came to a
point from where they got a view of
the lights of Naples. After this the
guides were of some use to them, as
they were able to pilot them to the foot
of the mountain, where the women ob
tained carriages and reached their
hotel completely exhausted and on the
verge of hysteria.
When they had somewhat recovered
they were told women seldom or never
attempted an ascent of the mountain at
night and their journey was exceeding
ly venturesome and foolhardy. They
arrived in Paris to-day and will sail
for the United States on Thursday.
ADVEBTISSMENTS. _____
The People's Popular Physicians !
% THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS §
O HWE BEEN ESTABLISHED FO7 26 YFARS. THEIR ST'FF IS COM~ °
O POSLD OF FIVE PHYBI:IA!NS AND SIRGEO.NB. ALL FPIiCIAL'STS AND O
ALL GRADUATES FROM THE BEST Mi DICAL COLLEGES IN THE ft
° WOiLD. TH--Y ARE INCORPORAT D LND! R THE LAWS OF vALIFOR- "T
O MA FO< 5260 000, A>D HAVE THE LARGEST AMD BEST EQUIPPED O
q INSTITUTION OF THE KLND IN THE UNITED STATcS. ft
o AMONG THE DISEASES THEY CURE ARE THE FOLLOWING:
o o
q Bright's Disease and all other Diseases of the Kidneys ; Diseases of the Bladder q
Q and Kindred Organs, Liver, Spleen, Spine, Bowels, Heart, Stomach, Eye, Ear, Skin q
!? and Nerves. Also Impoverished Blood. Blood Poison and Scrofula ; Catarrh, Ton- q
*^ silitis, Consumption, Bronchitis, Asthma, and other Lung Troubles; Tumors, De- n
O formities, Insomnia, Melancholy, Paralysis, Rupture, Dysentery, Dyspepsia, Neu-
O ra/gia, Rheumatism, Stiff and Swollen Joints ; Female Complaints, including &
O Orarian troubles; Piles, Fistu'a, Obesity, Ring Worm and Goiter ; Tobacco, Opium, O
O\ Cocaine and Liquor habit ; Headache, Erysipelas, Gout. Tape Wcrm, Biliousness, ©
O Dropsy, Gall Stone, Eczema, Freckles, Blackheads, Cancer, etc., and Chronic O
O Diseases generally. O
O The two surgeons who compose a part of the staff perform Surgical O
O operations when necessary. Q
O IF YOU ARE AILING SERIOUSLY OR HAVE A SYMPTOM ©
© CONSULT THESE EMINENT DOCTORS. O
O • O
o ADVICE FREE-at Office or by Mail g
o ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS, g
O 73/ MARKET STREET, San Francisco. O
q HOURS— B to 5 dmiif. 7to 8 Evenings 9to II Sunda s. O
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo;
BOTCH WORK ON
THE HIGH SCHOOL
Defects in the San Jose
Building.
HEATING SYSTEM A FAILURE
NO VENTILATORS PLACED IN
THE ROOF.
Two Thousand Dollars Required to
Remedy the Blunders and
There Is No Money to
Foot the Bill. £
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— Blunders have
been made in erecting San Jose's new
$75,0^0 high school, and plans and
specifications wantonly disregarded.
The first serious mistake discovered
was reported at to-night's meeting of
the City Board of Education, and from
expressions of members this is but the
forerunner of a series of defects that
will come to light.
When the plans of the school were
first adopted a complete heating and
ventilation system was purchased of
G. H. Tay & Co. of San Francisco for
J5996. The building was accepted by
the City Council about a month ago,
and the bill of Tay & Co. paid in full.
When the heating plant was started
to-day it was found it would not work,
because no ventilators had been left
in the roof. Because of this faulty con
struction the company refused to guar
antee their system, and it will be nec
essary to erect two ventilators in the
roof of 100 square feet each. These
changes will cost several hundred dol
lars.
Another defect is in the ventilating
system. Fans are fixtd to the studding
of the floor of the study hall, and these
shake the room so as to make it im
posible for pupils to use it. This will
also have to be remedied. The chemi
cal and physical laboratories are also
uncompleted. Altogether about $2000
will be needed to place the building in
a satisfactory condition. The high
school finances are short, and it will
be necessary to run in debt for the im
provements.
The salaries of the high school fac
ulty have been reduced about 25 per
cent. There is just about enough
money in the fund to nay them three
fourths of their salaries for the com
ing year, and the teachers have agreed
to take this as payment in full, as the
new charter prohibits incurring indebt
edness for which there is no money on
hand.
CONGREGATIONAL MISSIONS.
American Board in Convention at
Grand Rapids.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Oct. 4.— The
American Board of Missions of the Con
gregational church began its annual con
vention in the Park Church this after
noon. General Byron A. Cutcheon deliv
ered an address of welcome. President
C M. Lamson of Hartford, Conn., re
sponded. About 200 delegates are already
hore including missionaries from China,
Turkey, South Africa and the Pacific Isl
ands.
F H. Wigsrin submitted a summary of
the report of the treasurer, which showed
that the expenditures for the cost of mis
si'.us were $623.01«. cost of agencies $20,
t of publications $10,763. cost of ad
ministration $27.tH6. and th^total expendi
tures $727,500. The receipts were $■ "■
The balance of the debt August 31, IBSB,
was HO -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
© Unde Sam.— ** You're a credit to the nation ! " d
@ Every man who chews Battle Ax has the satis- @
© faction of having helped the U. S. Government @
w pay the expenses of the war with Spain. ©
i PLUG 1
© pays four million dollars' tax into the U. S. ©
© Treasury 1 ! I More than all the money ©
H paid by any five other brands of chewing tobacco, jg
#| It is QUALITY that does this — real excel- A
© lence: — actual superiority* \fp
§lence : — actual superiority. name I
Remember the name ©
| B * when you buy again. i
c o
EAILEOAD TBAVSIi.
, j
f.IHTIU.i;.V IMtIHC COMPANY.
(PAt-'iriC «vvrEM.>
Trains) lenvo »n<l are ilne to arrive a3
MM huxim<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) j
tsive — FROM S«PT. 29, 1883. — ARRIVS |
•0:OOa Niles. Ban Jose and AVay Btetion»... i*»:43a
7:00 a. Bcnici*. Suiaun sn<i Sacramento.... 10:43 a
~:OOa Muyirills, Uro»i!leaud Redding (la
Woodland 5545p
?:«(«A Elmira. VaeaTllle and Ramsey. *:43r
7:»Oa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
CalUtog* and Sauta Ron fl:l>r j
8:<)0* Atlantic Ezr.rets. Ojden and Kant.. *:*."»!■ :
• i'<iOA San Jose, .Sti»ckioii. Vallej .Spring,
. lone, Sacramcuto, M»rj-«»ille,
Chloo. Tehama and R«xl Itliiff.... 4t|.li j
S:3O< Stockton, Oakdale and James;oira.. 7:I»>
•*:3oa Milton It**!
8:00 a Martinez. Tracy, L&throp, MerMd
and Fresno 18il3r
OiOOa Fresno, BaierslieM. Santa Hnrhara,
Los Angeles, Demiog, El Paso,
New Orleans and Rast 6:45p
Fresno, Mondota, Tracy and Mar-
«nci 6:45p
lOiOOa Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Station* 7«43i-
•1-OOr Sacramento itiTer Ste»mers -U:nn : j
l:OOr lies. San Jose and W»t Butlons... 11:43 a
San Joee. Niles and War Stations... J«:l3a ,
t:OOp Si'.et, Tracy, MendoU. Hai.f snd
Visalia- 4sl3p i
....... LiTennore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations yO:I3A ■
, €:•»!• Martinez. Han Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, -(.-al!s:oga, Xl Verano and
fiautaltoaa Oi1»a
4JiOOr BtDioia, VaeaTllle. Woodland,
KnighU Landing. MarjsTllle, Oro-
Tlllo and .Sacramento 10:43 a
4:3OpHsywarda, Niiea and San Jose 7:43 a
ItNf Martinez, Tracy. MendoU, Fresno.
MoJaTe, bi!ii» liarbara and I. s
AiiKelrt '. *«* 3 *
OiOOr BauU Fa ltonte. Atlantic Kxpress
for M.-jate ami East 6:43?
9:30p Nil**, Tracy, J.athrr Merced and
Fresno
3:3ojp Stockton 1«:1»P \
«.»o,- i:,trt,p-n.ii Mall, (>gi!«n and Kast.... 0:4.1 a ■
•6:(IOp Vallejo 12:13p i
;7:OOp Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions t»!*-"»»
fttOUr Oregon Kxprnas,Harrainento, Marja-
Titla. Itf-Lliiig. P..r»;ai..l, Tngol
Kmii.il ami Kast »:13*
Si> IiKAMtKO AMI lI%¥WAKIIS LUI'AL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ' ;
1 Jlelro-f, hetnluary Park, f ;
■ :OOA KiK-libnrg. Klmluiml, ,2'Ja'
««:AOa San I.randro, Soul li Hun l , ,:,2 A
io.ooa I^anilro. R-tailillo, i •*:']'•'
rt^SS. Lorenzo, Cherry { "$£
♦ *** W3 * ana t^>j
|2J* Howards. 5.43,
7J»op { Buns through to Nile*. 7i43r
J < From Nlles. I
COAST I»IVI«H»N Oarroir Mans;e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t~:43A Santa Cruz Excursion. Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations }B:#.lj*
13 A Newark. San Jose. Fel ton,
Boulder Creek, dan la Crux and Way
Buttons... Bi3Or
*2:13r Ne»r»rk. CenK-rrille, San Jose. New
Almadan, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations *1O:3Oa
4:1.1 r> San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations 9:*O*
o4;>3r Boulder Creek and SsrnU Crui jlti'ln*
CREEK IOUTE FERRY.
tna SIS miCISCO— f««t «f Mirkit Siritt . Si:? 3)—
♦7:18 9:00 11:00*. M. 11:53 *2:DO 1353
M«: ts:Gfl •6:C3p.m. "
Fr»« OtlUlD— Feel *rBr«»« wst.— *6:oo 800 1000* v
•tI3:M '1:00 ta:o3 '3:03 ti:o3 *s:Sar'. M
COAST .111 VISION Broad tianze).
(Third aid Towpgcud SU.) '
•7JOOA San Jo«o anil Way Statiuua (New
•-, — a Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30r
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose
SanU Cruz. Pacific Groie and
. „. Principal Way BUtions tS:33r
»'»Oa »an Jose. Tres Una*. Santa Cm*,
Paoirie (IroTe. Pa»o llublcs, Sail '
l.iils (Miispo, Guadalup*. Surf and
,_ ._ Principal Way Sutinus.... 4.10
!? : i * S*"' 1""""^1 """"^ Way Htatlo«is „. 'SMIOa
• V« A §*° J "^ *"•' Wa ' HUU0ua....... *Bi33a
»:«»»• San Mat-o, It-dwoo.l, Msnlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clan, Man .lc«,
Oilroy, Holliater, Bantu Crux.
Salinas, Mouierejr ami l'acidc
Orore... #> _ *IO:81t
I J:S»rS»u,!, I|»^W»rS;«':..n1 |»^W»rS;«':..n •1»:OO <
•4:13r San ii 0 '**-* Principal Way SUV.ona *.i: I ■', ,
•3.««p .San Jose aj d Principal Way Suu-jM 6:::.1 ,
3:JJr San .lose *j.,i Principal WayStattoaa *:* I
0:3«p San Jose aa4 Wajr Statinus 7t3»i
>lli4»r San Jogg ..tl Way Sutlona.. T:* t
'- • A for Moniinr" P for AfuraooVr
• Sundays exesntetl. ♦ Sundays only. ♦ Ban ► "ay« m It
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays ar. v > -■■■ • •'
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace 6tecptn& Cars ;
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
. Run on the Following Time :
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m., S.M.T. W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., "W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7 .00 a. m.. T.F 5.6.M.T.W. j
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W. ;
Arrive Chicag0.... ..,.8:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. V,'.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS *
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe. ■
SAM f BAICISCO TiMtfoirTcE— m mm si, !
TELEPHONE MAIN" 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
S*cr»m«nto Office— 2ol J Street.
Sm Jose Office— 7 West Stats Clara St.
RAILROAD 1 TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE f
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. ' '^ ?.
Tlbuxon Parry. Foot «f Market St.
SA.N FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
week DAYS— 7:3O, 9.-00. 11:00 a. m. uiiz.
t~O. 5:10. 6:JO p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:80. U:O9 a. m.: 1:10. l.ii.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. '
PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. -
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 3:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:4 a.
t:*o. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. *~
SUNDAYS— »M. U:M a. m.; I:4*. I:4#,
6:00. 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxea Park
same schedule as above ;-'.-.
Leave V Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-— • June 19. ■
Week j Sun- IS9S. Sun- W««k
Days, j days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am B:Coam Novato. 10:40 am S:«am
«:30pm| 9:3oam Petaluma. «:10 pnsJlOii am
6:lopm 6:oopm SSrnta Rosa. 7:SSpm 6:22p.-a
Fulton,
7:20 am Windsor. jlo:2Saa
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
-* Geyserville.
! pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:38 pm l:?2pra
7:30 am Hopland and 10:2." an
1 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 1:22 pm
7:30 am 10: Sara
8:00 am Guernavilla. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pra
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:44aia
and -
B:10pm s:oo pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
I:3opm 6:oopm 7:35pm ! 6:21 pm
Stages cor.r.ect at Saata Rosa tor Mark West
Springs; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at Gay.
cerville for* Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal» tot
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprinfrs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side. t.!erley's Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville. Orr*s Hot Springs. Msn-
doclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round, trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausslito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:20. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:44.
3:45. 5:15. '6:00. 6:30 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S.-00. »10:00. *ll:30 a. m.; *l:U, "
3:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m. _' r -"lJ
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:45. »»:S0 a. m.:
•12-20 2:20k *3:45. 5:05 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :2O. •8:00. »10:00. *U:55 a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 8:40 a. m.:
12:33 2:45, 3:SO. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; 12:06, 1:20. 1:29,
S:00. '.30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:W a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1!45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wt>
stations.
8 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
; VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June l. aw. -ains will run as follows:
• South-bound, j , 1 North-bound. *
Fasten-; Mixed. I Mixed. Passes.
T^'f Sunday Sunday «er.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally..
7:*} am 9:ooam Stockton »:45pm! S:4»pm
*:10 am 12:50 ptn Merced U:sopmj 3:s3pra
26:40 am 3-&opm Fresni> 9:3oam 1:20 pn»
11 :35 am' 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pra
2:45 pm 11:50 pm Bakersfleid 2:30 am 13:15 an»
12:05pm; 7 :Sopra Visalla - 6:40 am 12:55 pas
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats at
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from - San Fran-
Cisco: at Merctd with stages to and from
Bn»llings, Coultervtlle. Tosemlte. etc; , also
with «tag» from Hornitoa. Marlposa. etc; at
LankerfthLca with stage to and from Madcra.
— . . . : ; ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWfI.
• (Via Sauaallio Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Eept. H. USS:
Week Dt,ys— 9:» a. m., 1:45 p. m»
Sundays— 10.-00, UJB a. m. l:U a, a.
Round trip from Mill Valley Si.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
X EARSI AND *<«Slll*iOT«M BTS.— RE-
■i». modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Room* 50c to «1 50 cay,
15 to $8 week. S8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; Or« grates la «very
room; elevator ram all nlghUMARPLOT'S SHARP
TURN OF SPEED
Takes the Measure of
Grady.
MAKES A TRACK RECORD
OPENING DAY'S SURPRISE AT
LOS ANGELES.
Fall Race Meeting of the Sixth Dis
trict Agricultural Society
Begins Under Favorable
Circumstances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 4.— The Sixth
Agricultural Society's race meet opened
here to-day under favorable circum-
Btances. Balmy weather, a lightning fast
track and a crowd in the grand stand that
made lounging room hard to find gave
ample assurance that the earnest efforts
and hard work of Secretary Thorne will
be crowned with success. Like on all op
ening days many prospective spectators
have not as yet unpacked and dusttu v.ff
their betting clothes. This caused some
little complaint from the betting ring. All
prophesy that the morrow will bring bet
ter things and a rush of larger coin.
In the judg< h stand .1. \V. Rrooks of the
California Jockey Club presided, with L.
M. Thorne ar,d \Y. A. Covarrubias as as
sociates. The starting gate did not arrive
in time to be put into place, and James F.
well, known to the turf as the
"Prince of Starters," swished the flag in
the old-fashioned way. His send-offs gave
perfect satisfaction.
In the betting ring the layers of odds
v.t re arrayed in full war paint. Nathan,
the old-time warrior, chalked prices with
the name of th<> Turf Club; Humphreys
laid against the favorites as usual; Phil
Archibald grew hoarse toward nightfall;
but sure, wri.eheil all
ii his coin; Hughey Jones looked as smil
r, even though the money was
Bcarce; Hurlick lidgeted as ever and Har
lan & k ,v- Co., a local firm,
were t':< re to aci ■■mmodate bettors. There I
were also two iU!d books, one with popu
lar Paul Ridley at the helm to handle the
more subdued plungers. A combination
gathered in the shekels of the for
tune tellers and stable lads.
The track was so hard that the patter
ing of the horses' hoofs sounded like hail :
Btonea on a tin roof. The favorites ate ■
the crumbs at that. Amasa being the only |
successful one. The hardest fall experi- j
enced by the crowd was when, in the final I
mile and a furlong run, the hooded Mar
with Piggott up, outfooted from
defeated the 1- :
.vorite Grady, stepping oft the route
in 1:53%, a track record.
The day's sport opened wuh a harness
the 2:16. pace, and Henry Edelman,
was there with a party
-nds in a four-horse tally-ho to see i
: win. The McKinney gelding !
right there, delivering the goods In!
three straight heats, taking the second
For the first heat the books
laid 5 and 6to 1 against him. He was :
■ I in peerless fashion by Charlie
Bunch of San Jose. Bernard," a local !
. was favorite for the race, but
never had the pleasure of being among
the rirst three at the wire. D.ctatress,
the rare good daughter of the cranky
tvs, was a good second in each j
The first running affair, a flve-furlong
. scramble, drew out a snappy bunch of
selling platers. Piggott's mount. Cas- j
telar. was touted as a good thing- and
did Nad to the stretch; then he faded
away. Petrarch, with Henry Shields up,
0 1 shot, then came along and wn
under restraint from Queen Xubia. ,
Saocy Eyes, the false favorite, was third, i
!•'• ;r started in the slx-furlong selling :
sprint for two-year-olds. Gold Fin ruling !
a pronounced 4to 5 choice. The bay colt
off Sir Urian, but when challenged '
st furlong by Ruiz on San Augus- '
tine was not there and lost the verdict :
by a neck in 1:15 1-2. Reina de Cuba!
should run better next time.
Amasa f.'und nothing much to do when :
in the llvi-furlong run for all ages, and,
at odds on, won all the way, deveny rid
den by Mike Hennessey. Celoso is in
better form than for some time, taking
the place from Losette by a head.
SUMMARY.
Pacing, 2:16 class, heats three In five, purse
et. b. g., by McKinney (8unch). ...1 1 I 1I 1
by liiotatus (Kent)...] 2 2
h . by Falrose iHovey) 4 3 3
Billy Baker, b. h., by Sllkwood (Maben
and ]>>rathan) 3 6 5
Bernard, eh. g., by Jim Blalne (Abies) 5 4 4
Nutway, eh. g., by Nutf'.rd <Garnsey;.. ..6 5 6
Time, 2:13*4— 2:12- —2:15.
The following are to-morrow's entries:
race. 2.14 trot— Toggles. Galette, Prince
Gift, Monterey, Zombro.
1 race, four and a half furlongs—En
5c at the track.
raro, Maiden Plate, five furlongs:
en Wood 115 | S8 Correct 115
-. 1151 M 4 In.la 115
.. P. Mother 115 T Mldlovo Us
.. Bey Sacramento. 118 , 94 Miss Reel 115
rth race, six furlongs:
MS WHlianft OB 107 98 Lady Ashley 102
■ 2 Pat Murphy 102 87 Shasta Water 110
(91) Fig Leaf 102 ..La Maroma 105
Fifth race, one mile:
93 Morlnga 93 ..La Goletn. 104 i
AD VEB JISEMEN^S.
PECULIAR POISONS.
GENERATED IN THE HUMAN BODY.
The Result of Imperfect Digestion
of Food.
Every living thing, plant or animal
contains within itself the germs of cer-
tain decay and death.
In the human body these germs of
disease and death (called by scientists
Ptomaines), are usually the result of
imperfect digestion of food; the result
of indigestion or dyspepsia.
The stomach, from abuse, weakness,
does not promptly and thoroughly
digest the food. The result is a heavy,
sodden mass which ferments (the first
process of decay), poisoning the blood,
making it thin, weak, and lacking in
red corpuscles, poisoning the brain
causing headaches and pain in the eyes
Bad digestion irritates the heart
causing palpitation and finally bring-
ing on disease of this very important
organ.
Poor digestion poisons the kidneys,
causing Bright's disease and diabetes.
And this is so because every organ,
every nerve, depends upon the stomach
for nourishment and renewal,
weak digestion shows Itself not
only in loss of appetite and flesh, but in
nerves and muddy complexion.
great English scientist, Huxiey,
the best start in life is a sound
i' h. Weak stomachs fall to digesi
ij'iperl" because they lack th-?
;• quantity of digestive acids
; nd hydrochloric) and pepto-
products; the mosi sensible
ly in all cases of indigestion is to
take after each meal one or two of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because
the,y supply in a pleasant, harmless
form all the elements that weak stom-
achs lack.
Th« regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure every form of stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
They lncr< ise flesh, insure pure blood,
strong nerves, a bright eye and clear
complexion, because all these result
only from wholesome food well
digested.
Nearly all druggists sell Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets at 50 cents full-sized
package or by mail by inclosing price
to Stuart Company, Marshall. Mich,,
but ask your druggist first.
A little book on stomach diseases
mailed free Address Stuart Company,
Marshall, Mich.
WHITE FROST'S
GREAT MILE WIN
Carried 120 Pounds and
Ran It in 1:40 1-4.
BANASTAR'S BELLE MEAD P
LENA OF CALIFORNIA THE
HAWTHORNE UPSET.
Violet Parsons, Sis Vie, Maddalo,
Judge Tarvin, Great Bend and
Helen H. Gardner La
tonia Winners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— There was
some very high class racing at Morris
' Park this afternoon, White Frost tak
ing up 120 pounds and running a mile
1 in 1:40)4, Banastar doing seven furlongs
! with 115 pounds in the saddle in 1:27
I flat, -while Satin Slipper carried 107
pounds to victory at five furlongs, run
in a minute flat. Banastar's win was
in the Belle Meade stakes, Satin Slip
per's in the Hurricane Himtime beat a
fine field of all-aged sprinters in the
i first, Manlius took the second in good
! style and ( 'harentus captured the last
■ event, which was after a rain.
First race, handicap, five furlongs.
Name and We'.fiht. Jockeys.) V 4. %• Str. Fin.
Himtime. 115 T. Burns In In 11 11
Blarneystone, 107 ....Spencer 2 2 2 n 2Vi
rs. 128 Doggett 0 0 3 3
Kilt. 100 Corbleyl 3 3 0 0
I .. — _ — — __ —-- —
Time. 1:01 V*. >s on nanauy. secona ana
thlr! driving.
•Trolley 119, Lambent 128, Woodbird 90. Klep
per 98, Ben Hadad 117, Rusher 88, Mark Miles
100, Great Land 108, Counselor Wernberg 103
and Armament 108 also ran.
Sausalito odd?— s to 1, 10 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 10 to 1 and 8 to 1.
' »Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, six and a half
furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | H- %• Str. Fin.
! 1
Manllus, 108 Sppncerl 2 2 2 11
Turvey Drop. 112 Doppett] In In In 2
Col Tenny, 115 TaraJj 3 0 0 3
i Camotop, 113 Hirschl 0 3 3 0
Time, 1:214. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Campus 115, Exception 112, Maid of Harlem
112 and Francis Booker 112 also ran.
Sausallto odds— S to 5, lit to 1 and 8 to L
Track odds— 2 to 1, 15 to 1 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race. Hurricane stake, two-year-olds,
five furlongs.
Name and "Weight. Jockeys.) v. %. Str. Fin.
Satin Slipper. 107 Turner! 11 11 11 11
, Diminutive. 106 O'Connor 0 0 3 2
i •Cormorant, 102 Maher| 2 2 2 3
: Men-y Heart, 9S Clawsonj 3 3 0 0
Time. 1:00. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Duke of Middleburg 112 and Full Dress 94
; also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 5. 4 to 1 and 3 to 2.
Track odds— ll to 5, sto 1 aod 3 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Belle Meade stakes, seven fur
longs.
I Name and Wt. Jockeys.; %. fc. Str. Fin.
•Banastar. 115 Clawsonj 11 13 13 12 12
Lillian Belle, 112.. Spencer 0 3 3 3 2 6
Bendoran, US Simn:s 2 2121233 I
Wf ..-id ranger, 107 ...Burns 3 4 4 4 4
Time, 1:27. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausnlltn odds — 3 to 5. 5 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Trai k • <sds— 7 to 10, S to 1 and 11 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, handicap. Withers mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. l H- H- %. Str. Fin.
WhitP Frost, 12O...Maher[ 2 2 2 2 1 h
Warrenton, 106 ..Spenct-r! 3 3 3 3 2
•O Koene. 109 Clawsonll 11 11 11 3
Time. 1 :40V4- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Plr Walter 112. Dr. Catlett 119, Sensational 95
and Macy 118 also ran.
Pausßllto odds— lß to 1, 4to 1 and 2H to 1.
Track odds— l 2to 1, 4to 1 and 7to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling. Withers mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! VI. %. %. Str. Fin.
Charentus, 105 ..O'Connor 2 2 2 111
Nopey, 10S Mah<»r 3 3 3 3 2
Miirslan. 103 James! 0 0 112 3
D'ble Qulok, l"l..riawyon! 11110 0 0
Time. 1:41. Won handily. Second and third
Marlto ?S *Kstaca 106, Premier lOfi, Scotch
pfaid 93, Glonolne 106, Rinaldo 102 and Maza
rine 113 also ran.
Sausallto odris— s to 1, 3 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— s to 1, 5 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
LENA WINg AT LONG ODDS.
Lanky Californian Mare Beats a Good
Hawthorne Field.
CHICAGO. Oct. 4.— The surprise of the after
noon at Hawthorne was Lena's win from Dare
11. Charley Christy, David Tenny and others.
ThouKh the Callfornlan's winning margin was
only a head, it was as good as a mile. Julia
Hazel was at S to 1; Flirtation, another win
ner. 8 to 1. Tlmemaker Just reveled In the
mud p.nd teat a great lot of sprinters by a
block In the fifth race. Heigh Ho and King
IVrmuila were the winning favorites. McDon
ald of California rode Tlmemaker to victory.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | hi. %. Str. Fin.
Flirtation. 108 Cay wood! 3 3 1 h Ins
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES, Tuesday, Oct. 4.— First day of the Sixth District
Agricultural meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. W. BROOKS, Presiding Ju-lge.
J. F. CALDWELL, Starter.
101.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $250.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St.
V <m .
Hm.
«im-
Str.
Jockeys.
PilieldB
Ruiz
Frawley
IWriRht
IPiKKOtt
... Petrarch. 1 11* 3
8T Queen Nubia, 4 107 2
99 Saucy Eyes, 3 102 5
... Gracias, 3 114 4
... Castilar, 4 113 1
. Etiwanda, 3 106 6
71 Smyle. 3 102 7
. . Elsie Smith. 4 107: 9
. . . Iko, 3 ...106 1 8
2 Vi
C 2
6 h
3 V,
1 3
4 V4
7 4
5 6 '
9
2 %
4 h
5 1
3 %
1 2
6 2
7 8
8 6
9
1 % ..
2 »4
5 1
4 V4
3 % .
G 2
7 3
8 6
9-
. 1 1%
2 1
3 h
4 4
6 3
C 1
7 2
5 6
9
j
6
3
8-5
15
3
8
6
3
10
12
3
2
20
5
20
8
6
15
ILee
Houek
! Ames
iBullman
Time. :12«4, :37',4. I:n2>i. Good start. Won rasily.
G. L. W^rring's b. g. by L«r<l < 'lifton-AnniP Stout.
Second and third driving.
Winner,
1AO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $251.
Index. Horse.
"YVelBht.
"4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
72 Kan ..ugustine 106 1 ... 3 2 4 2V4 Ih
94 Gold Fin Kill ... H4 11 In 2 10
49 Sir Urlan 103 3 ... 2 2 3 1 3h 3 15
... Relna de Cuba. ..... 103 1 4 . u 4 2 % . 4 4
Time, :24>,<j, :60, '1:15%. Gnod start. Won first three driving,
aid's b. c. by Empcrur of Norfolk-Hook Blonde.
72 Fan ..ugustine 1W
M OoM Fin 1"3
49 Sir Urlan 103,
... Reina de Cuba 103)
i
: 3
'! «
• 3 2
1 %
2 2
4
4
1 1
3 1
2 hi .
2 %
1 h
3 h
4
1 h
2 10
3 15
4
Ruiz 5 r>
PlRKOtt 7-10 4-5
Frawley 8 10
'■.mi in 3-2 9-5
Winner, C. L. McDon-
Ruiz
PlgKOtt
Frawley
Gouin
|/~\O THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; soiling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $250.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
\m.
Str. | Fin.
Jockeys.
Hennessy ....
Gouln
Devln
PIggott
88 Amasa, 3
... Celoso, 4
87 Losette. 3
74 Torsion, 5
1
2
4
3
1 2
2 V,
3 2
1 1
2 IH
3 %
1 1
2 1
3«
4
1 2
J h
3 4
4
1-2
6
a
2
8
12
3
No time tak. !i C» <i rtart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Owens' b. g. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder.
Winner, Crane &
|/"\^ FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; three-ysar-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
95
43
, 3 11
5 l:
M
3*
1 2
2 15
s |
2-5
y ....
a, 6 li
Time, 1:63^4- Good start. Won easily. Second drlvlnr. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's
b. c. by imp. Rosslngrton-Marjorie.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
Sidtilla. 108 Dupee 112 2
Stella. 103 P. Jordan 0 0 0 3
Hindoo's Dream Rutter 2 2 0 0
Princess Murphy, 10S Bloss 0 0 3 0
Time, :59V4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Thought So 103, Pococanto 103. Rival Dare
103, Rosa Burke 103, Pee Wee 103, La Juanita
103. »Ramlet 113. La Josephine 108. Rosovannah
108, Celeste dOr 10S and Bolerlc 10S also ran.
Sausallto odds — S to 1, 4 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— S to 1, 6 to 1 and 20 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I %. V - %• Str. Fin.
Julia Hazel, 104..Shepard 3 0 0 2 h 1
Moch, 107 Rutter 2 13 12 lh 2
•Nannie Davis, 104..8105r 0 2 3 3 3
Chas. Fisher, 104. ...E11is 0 3 2h 0 0
Blanche, 99 Holden 10 0 0 0
Time, 1:36. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Urganda 99, Revenge Dare 99. Tonlada 104.
Mr. Easton 104, San Saba R 107 and Pug 10?
I also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1. 3 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— B to 1, 4 to 1 and 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, seven furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) H- %• Str. Fin.
•Heigh Ho, 104 J. Relff 0 3 11 llj
Her Favor, 110 Dupee 3 0 3 2
Graziella, 113 Rutter 2 n 2 2 3
Red Gidd, 104 Seatonj lh 11 0 0
Time, 1:35. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
The Professor 104, Tom Toher 104, Empress
Josephine 107, Marcato 122, Donsterswivel 107,
Star and Crescent 107 and Mistleton 110 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 3 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 2, 7 to 2 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. «£. %. %. Str. Fin.
Lena, 101 J. Ward 1 1 2 2 1 h
Dare 11, 107 Rutter 2 2 111121
C. Christy, 112. McDonald 3 0 0 0 3
j *Davld Tenny, 105. Martini 0 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:56. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Judge Steadman 101, Bridgeton 101 and Top
mast 109 also ran.
Sausallto odds— l 2to 1, Bto 1 and 2V4 to 1.
Track odds— 2s to 1, Bto 1 and 3to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, six furlongs.
Name and Wr'.ght. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
Timemaker, 1 , McDonald 3 2 2 14
Miss Marion, a 6 J. Ward 2 12 112
Oleska, S4 J. ReifT 0 0 0 3
•May \V. If Rutter 0 0 3 0
Dave Waldo, 104 Bloss| lh 3 0 0
Time, 1:18. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
The Grinder S2. Plantain 97, Sorrow 97 and
Theresa II 107 also ran.
Sausallto odds— s to 1, 6 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds — 4 to 1, 8 to 1 and S to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I V A . H- %• Str. Fin.
•King- Effmuda, 104. Gray] 3 2 2 111
Tom Calvert. 107.. Martin! 0 0 0 0 2ns
Borden. 116 Caywoodl 0 0 0 0 3
M. Kinsella, 107..Shepard| 1 lh lh 3 0
Innuendo, 110 Dupee 2 0 0 0 0
Barrlso. 110 Bios? n 3 3 2h 0
Prestar. 113 L. Relff 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:34. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 2, 4 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 6 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
JUDGE TARVTN'S STAKE.
Beats the Kentuckian and Others in
the Kimball.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 4.— Judge Tarvin stood
a long, hard drive in trie Kimball stakes at La
tonia to-day, and beat The Kentuckian and
other good colts like a sure enough crack.
Great Bend Just romped In in the mile race,
Lanky Bob, the favorite, finishing outside of
the money. Maddalo and Helen H. Gardner
were the only winning favorites. Violet Par
sons and Sister Vie won the first and second
races by their noses. The track was muddy.
First race, selling, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. H- %• Str.Fln.
•Violet Parsons. 105. Dunn 2 1 h 1 h 1 h Ins
Kathle May, 105.Mathews 3 0 0 0 2
•Aunt MaKgie, 100. ...Hi1l 12 2 2 2 3
L. Frazler. lCO.Crowhurstl 0 3 3 3 0
Time. 1:331*. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Violin 100, Star of Bethlehem 106. Ollle B 100,
Miss C 100, Louise 100 and Nora S 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2% to 1, 3 to 1 and 24 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, I to 1 and 5 to 2.
•Favorites.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) ft. %. Str. Fin.
Sis Vie 102 Southard 0 1111 Ins
•Terrene, 105 Conley 0 0 0 2
Crinkle. 105 Morrison 0 0 0 3
Prlmavera. 102 ....Crowhurst 2 2 2 0
Contravene, 102 T. Green 13 3 0
Ollie J, 100 Gleason 3 0 0 0
Time. 1:06. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Frances D 105, The Crawfish 105 and Nancy
Seitz 105 also ran.
Sausallto odds— ZV, to 1, 6 to 5 and 5 to L
Track odds— 2 to 1, 6 to 5 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, gelling, mile and seventy yards.
•Maddalo, 113 (Gllmore) 1
Donation, 103 (Thompson) 2
What Next, 114 (T. Green) 3
Time, 1:50%.
Cecil 96 and Egbart 10S also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 5. 2% to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 4 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Klmball stakes, two-year-olds,
six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) H- \- Str. Fin.
Judge Tarvin. 113 Everett! 1 1 Ins 1
•The Kentuckian. 121.South'di 3 2 2 2
The Barrister, 123 J. Hill 0 3 3 3
Gen. Shafter, 10t>..Crowhurst| 2 0 0 0
Time. 1:18. Won driving. Second and third
False Lead 106, Harjly Pardee 110, Deerlng
11$ ano Mazo 123 also ran.
SauFulltc odds— 4 to 1, 3 to 2 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 3 to 2 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. H. %■ Str.Fln.
Great Bend. 107. Thomson 11 12 13 11 12
Sauber, 102 ...W. Hughes 2 2 2* 2.2.:
Pacemaker, .Wilson 0 0 0 0 3
Guide Rock. 102 Frost 3 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:45V4. Won easily. Second and third
r »Lai&y Bob 110 and George Krats 112 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 20 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 30 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, spiling, seven furlongs.
H. H. Gardner, 105 (W. Narvaez) 1
Domste, 105 (Southard) 2
Barton, 108 (Morrison) 3
Time, 1:32^.
High Noon 109, Bon Jour 102, Domizetta 106
and Lady Hamilton 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— S to 5, 4 to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 4 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
SLOAN FAILS TO
ANNEX A PURSE
LONDON, Oct. 4.— At the second day's
racing of the Nottingham autumn meet
ing Captain J. Orr "Winn's three-year-old
Helium won the Barnaby Manor selling
stake. Tod Sloan rode the Lorlllard-
Beresford stable's Blondin 11, but was
unplaced. The betting was 11 to 4 against
Blondin 11.
The Welback handicap was won by G.
MacLachlan's Marthus. Draco, the Lor
illard-Beresford stable's gelding, with
Tod Sloan up, started Ip this event, but
was not placed. The beating was 13 to
8 against Draco.
The Sherwood Nursery plate, a handi
cap of 150 sovereigns, for two-year-olds,
was won by the Duke of Portland's Dis
may. Sir J. Blundell Maple's Avidity
was second, and J. Cannon's Liebenstein,
ridden by Sloan, finished third. Eight
horses ran. The betting was 9 to 2
against Liebenstein.
Sale of Trotting Stock.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 4.— The first
day's programme of the Kentucky Trot
ting-horse Breeders' Association goes
over until to-morrow on account of rain.
At Woodward & Shanklin's sale of trot
ters this morning twenty-nine head
brought $5960, an average of $202 50. The
principal offerings to-day were from the
Ashland stud.
ORIOLES LOSE ONE
MORE TO BOSTON
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 97 45 .653 I Philadelphia 70 6S .507
Baltimore ...91 49 .650 1 Pittsburg ...6S 73 .4»1
Cincinnati ..90 68 .60S | Louisville ...65 78 .455
Cleveland ...77 61 .568 Brooklyn ....63 $4 .357
Chicago SI 65 .555 Washington 49 93 .345
New Y0rk... 74 68 .521 St. Louis 37 112 .24$
BOSTON. Oct. 4.— The leaders had another
fierce battle to-day and again the Champions
won through timely batting, although an er
ror by McJames in the eighth was responsible
for the three runs which decided the game. The
game was called in the' eighth on account of
darkness. Attendance SOGO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 4 10 2
Baltimore 2 S 1
Batteries — Nichols and Yeasjer: McJames and
Clarke. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
ST. LOTUS, Oct. 4. — To-day's game was stop,
ped at the end of Pittsburg's ha: of the eighth
inning, the Pirates having sev- i runs, ticlng
the score. As It was. the Browns won, 7 to 3.
Attendance ISOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 7 10 4
St. Louis 7 10 8
Batteries— Gardner and Bowerman; Hughey,
Sugden and Clements. Umpires — Swartwood
and Warner.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 4.— Another shutout
stared the Phillies In the face to-day, but in
the ninth they turnoil seeming defeat into a
glorious victory, scoring four runs on as many
singles and a wild throw by Rusie and a base
on balls. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 4 10 2
New York 3 10 1
Batteries— Platt and M^Farland: Rusle and
Warner. Umpires— Connolly and Smith.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Dowllng's clever pitching
and perfect support won the first game for
Louisville to-day. Taylor was even more effec
tive for the Orphans in the second, and but for
an error would have shut the Colonels out. At
tendance 2800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 4
Louisville 4 11 0
Batteries — Thornton and Nichols; Dowllng
and Kittredge.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 6 3
Louisville 112
Batteries— J. Taylor and Chance; Magee and
Klttredge. Umpire— O'Day.
Santa Clara Shuts Out Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 4.—
The Santa Ciara football eleven defeated
the freshmen this afternoon by a score of
10 to 0. The game was loose and ragged.
Rice, Sell, Frissolle and Qk-issler did the
best work for the freshmen. O'Connor,
McQuade, Coward and Sylvia show up
best in the Santa Clara eleven.
TO GUARD AGAINST FLOODS.
Series of Jetties to Be Constructed on
Salinas River.
SALINAS. Cal., Oct. 4.— The Spreckels
Sugar Company will soon commence to
build seven wing dams, or jetties of piles
and brushwood, for the protection of the
left bank of the Salinas River above and
below the pumping station on the prop
erty known as Soberanes ranch, near
King City. The Board of Supervisors
will to-morrow pass an ordinance to com
mence the. construction of three other jet
ties and rebuild one lately destroyed by
flre. These jetties will be near the King
City bridge, and will save, thousands of
acres of the finest beet hinds from being
swept away by the annual floods of the
Salinas River.
Three Oakland Boy Burglars.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 4.— Thrt-e Oakland j
boys, named Downey, Armstrong and
Richardson, to-day pleaded guilty in
Judge Burnett's court to a charge of
burglary. The court suspended judgment
and the boys were committed to the enre
of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society of S;m
Francisco for two months. The young- :
sters will lie given a chance to reform.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
yjgSHßS^w Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
/m§^^^'^^w French Preparation of
H |g|pr^ For Lost Manhood.
M J™S U " 5 Days' Treatment
jL :>^^llL v . By Sealed Mail.
- ; >^^i|W NO C, 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Every person who Is a sufferer from nervous
diseases should write the Yon Mohl Co., Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, at once, and accept their offer
of a five days' trial treatment free of charge.
This Is no C. O. D. or DEPOSIT scheme, but a
liberal proposition made to unfortunate suf-
ferers by this long-established concern, which
is the largest importer of specifics for nervous
and sexual diseases in the world.
The Yon Mohl Co. has the sole American
rights for Prof. Laborde's French preparation
of "Calthos." the only remedy known to ad-
vanced medical science that will positively
cure nervous debility. This remedy has for
years been used as a specific in the French
and German armies, and since its introduction
into the United States hat; cured many thous-
ands of sufferers, and the remarkable success of
the remedy in Europe has been repeated in this
country.
In order to place this wonderful treatment
in the hands of every person who suffers the
mental and physical anguish of sexual weak-
ness, the Yon Mohl Co. has decided to send a
free trial treatment to all Who write at once.
The remedy is sent by mall in a plain pack- I
age, and there is no publicity in receiving It or
taking it. Accompanying the medicine there
is a full treatise in plain language for you to
read. Take the medicine privately with per- ,
feet safety, and a sure cure is guaranteed.
Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares. Do i
not deceive yourself or remain In ignorance
while you are being dragged down by this in-
■idiotu disease. No matter what the cause may
be. whether early abuses, excesses or overwork :
and business cares, the results are the same — !
TO SHUT OFF
SINECURES IN
SANTA CLARA
Suits Aimed at the
Mackenzies.
HOW THE COUNTY IS FLEECED
TWO SOFT SNAPS OBTAINED BY
POLITICAL PULLS.
Validity of the Offices of County
Game Warden and Supervisor
of City Kindergartens
to Be Tested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— Suits will soon
be commenced in the Superior Court
to shut off part of the income which
members of the Mackenzie family de
rive from the county and city, and also
to retire two of their number to priv
ate life. The cases in question will
test the validity of the offices of Coun
ty Game Warden and Supervisor of
City Kindergartens. The former is
filled by John D. Mackenzie, Rea's lieu
tenant, who is trying to undermine his
"boss" that he himself may wield the
scepter and direct Santa Clara County
politics. Miss Belle Mackenzie looks af
ter the kindergartens. These are not
the only two of the Mackenzies who
are fattening at the public crib, for
Brother Andy Mackenzie is Police Com
missioner, and a sister is in the school
department.
The Game Wardenship costs the
county $1200 per year. The people of
late have been inquiring into the ben
efits they derive from such an office.
Mackenzie uses his office for political
purposes, and the county is benefited
in no way, as he devotes no time to
looking after the proper preservation of
game. Santa Clara is the only county
that has this extravagant office, which
has been declared unconstitutional in
half a dozen counties of the State.
Papers asking for an injunction, stop
ping the Auditor from allowing Mac
kenzie's claims, have been prepared
and will, it is said, be filed in a few
days. Mackenzie has enjoyed the
fruits of his office for about two years
and has about another year to serve.
His salary is $75 per month, and he
also has an allowance of $25 per month
for expenses.
Mackenzie has appointed about 100
Deputy Wardens in various parts of
the county, and these, with the Game
Warden, act as organizers for the Cal
ifornia Club. This latter organization
is where all the political schemes of
the gang are hatched, and from this
place Kea and Mackenzie direct their
heelers to do the dirty politics that has
characterized all elections held in the
county during past years.
There is no doubt as to the illegality
of the position of Supervisor of Kin
dergartens filled by Miss Mackenzie,
and in creating the same the Board of
Education was guilty of an unlawful
act. No such power is conferred upon
the Trustees, and, besides, the charter
makes no provision for the office. The
same question was decided several
years ago by the Supreme Court of
California in the case of James H.
Barry vs. W. S. Goad, on appeal from
San Francisco County.
Miss Mackenzie receives $75 salary
per month, and the place is considered
the greatest "snap" in the city. The
legality of the office will also be tested
shortly.
8188 CLAIMS THE BAFT.
Uncertain What to Do With the Dere-
lict at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRT'Z. Oct. 4.— D. H. Bibb, one
of the owners of the derelict raft, arrived
to-day. He says his company still owns
the raft and any person who purchases it
of others who claim it will be sued. Bibb
is undecided whether to tow the raft to
San Francisoo or land it nn the beach. It
is feared that if landed here the lumber
will be thrown on the market and a big
cut in prices made.
WILL SUCCEED CAMBON.
D'Aubigny to Become French Minis
ter at Washington.
PARIS, Oct. 4.— The Figaro states that
Count D'Aubigny, now French charge
d affaires at Munich, will replace M. Cam
bon as Minister to the United States, and
that M. Cambon will go to Madrid. These
changes, the paper says, were decided
upon at yesterday's cabinet council.
premature loss of strength and memory, emis-
sions impoteney. varicocple and shrunken
parts. This specific remedy will cure you at
any stage before epilepsy results, with ensuing
consumption ami insanity. "Calthos" goes di-
rectly to the seat of the trouble, no matter of
how long standing, and the patient feels the
benefit of the first day's treatment. In five
days the medicines sent free will make you
U-A like a new man.
The Yon Mohl Co. often receives the most
astonishing testimonials from persons who
have taken only five days' treatment. They
have thousands of testimonials from those who
have been permanently cured after having been
given up by doctors, misled and ruined in
health by disreputable medical schemers, and
when they had given up their last hope for
health and happiness. No sensible person will
permit his name to be used for a testimonial
as an admission that he had any of the dis-
eases for which the. preparation of "Calthos" is
a specific cure. Some irresponsible advertisers
are using "made-up" testimonials, but the Yon
Mohl Co. invariably declines to make public the
Dames or correspondence of any patients who
have been cured by "Calthos."
Five days' treatment will be placed in your
hands free of cost, and you are earnestly
urged for your own sake to send for it with-
out delay. Write to-day and send your ad-
dress. It is not necessary to give embarrass-
ing details of your symptoms. The book ac-
companying the five days' treatment will en-
able you to take the medicine in private and
treat yourself successfully at home. It costs
nothing to try this remedy. It may cost you a
great deal more to lPt this offer go by. Write
to-day. Address THE VOX MOHL. CO.. s'ir.n.
CINCINNATI. OHIO, largest Importers of
Standard Preparations in the United States.
~ —
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®'® ® © ®/
: FORCIBLE INDUCEMENTS i
% ;' --^ /■ / ®
I ■SEASONABLE-_ "|
(!) ®
■T ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦<$• <B><B><S><s $> <l> «><»♦<» <3><S><s> ♦<$> <S> ♦«> ♦ <£♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ -j
® ♦ . /; ♦ ©
® <§>$> 4><^<^^^<s><^<^<S><S><S>^>^ ♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ <8> 4>,^ ♦ 4>.l> *-^ V<& ♦♦♦ @
® Judged on a basis of genuine merit, our RECENTLY SMPQ^rEU FALL AND ®
@ WINTER STOCK OF CAPES stands absolutely without a peer in Uiis market for Its ®
0 completeness of assortments and diversity of styles, as jr^.y b« l«-g£tS by our @
I TO-DAY'S SPECIAL OFFERINGS I I
% — — -^ Xi I
® - ®
® J±t $2.50. ©
® LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, handsomely braided and beaded, storm col- ©
© lars edged with black thibet fur; regular price $4; will be placed on @
® sale at $2 50 each.
© .A.t &<±.OO. ; ®
© LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with fancy Italian cloth, richly braided,
m collar, fronts and around bottom edged with black thibet fur; regu- ©
jr lar price $6; will be placed on sale at $4 each. (S)
® .A.t $7.50. ®
® LADIES* PLUSH CAPES, length 27 inches, lined with silk serge, hand- . ©
® somely braided and beaded, collar and down fronts edged with black ®
q thibet fur; regular price $10; will be placed on sale at $7 50 each. 0
© _A.t $10.00. ®
© LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 30 inches, lined with silk serge, col-- ©
lars of brown Marten fur, fronts edged with brown Marten; regular ©
price $15; will be placed on sale at $10 each. 0
% J±t $10.00. ®
r, LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 25 inches, lined with Italian cloth, ©
w empire backs, richly braided, collar and down fronts edged with ©
® black thibet fur; regular price $12 50; will be placed on sale at $10 ®
© each. ,o.
® JLt $12.50. |
m LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 27 inches, lined with silk serge, col- ~
Z; lar and down fronts edged with Marten fur; regular price $16 50; will <8>
® be placed on sale at $12 50 each. V ©
® At 512.50. |
Z. LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 20 inches, lined with silk serge, hand- X.
®. somely braided and beaded, collar, down fronts and around bottom ®
® edged with bear fur; regular price $17 50; will be placed on sale at ©
® $12 50 each. ®
0 A-t $15.00. ®
o LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 25 inches, lined with silk serge, em- 0
v pire backs, handsomely braided and beaded, collar and down fronts ,~
® edped with Marten fur; regular price $20; will be placed on sale at w
0 $15 each. ®
| LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. |
® A.t $6.00. %
w LADIES' TAFFETA SILK UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce with three o
® rows of cording at bottom; regular price $8; will be placed on sale ®
© at $6 each. . ©
0 J±t 75 Oeirts. ©
(Si LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, made with shoulder capes, ®
*r trimmed with braid; regular price $1 25 and $1 50; will be placed on /j>
® sale at 75c each. IL
© zzz: ®
(?) M ®
I (/if Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / ®
® \fr \Jr San Francisco. § ?
® ®
©©©©©©®®®®©®©®©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©
Fac.a. Soap feT? Ftela. Cream Ch!chMt«r'« En«l!yih Dltoond
ronioi Q^ n r 3 ,ioi rn fl ,m fENNYROYAL PILLS
Facial Soap IJaL / Facial Cream. P^hsx % Original «nd O«ly Genuine. Y^T
' S*rnsZ\ •»'!. klwaj» relUbla. ladies uk £3\
. A/71_ifsSfll Dmgriil tor Chiekettert Knalith Bia.-JB\\
t» i. tt -r. __ . _ £J*HdSrrQm&monI Brand In Red «cd Gold jneulUoVWr
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman, Flat, Fa;, —OjOTboxei, s«»ied with bio* ribbon. Take VBjP
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish 1?1 *^ WfJno other. Refute dangtro^t rubttitu- XT
on. in or under your skin, call on or writ* L jf in^^.X^eni'^a^S*^
JOHN H. WOODBURT, 127 West 42d St., N. \^O» & " Belief for Ladle*," in biter, rutwrm
V lfa Stafp st Chlrntrn "^. if MalL 10,000 Tntitaoni«i». If mat Paper.
V-, 163 State St., Chicago. . ■ ~N-« •rciil.*e«terCßemlcalOo^Mad!»o«B««ar%
fcld by all Local DrntglsU. PWTT.» DA.IW
MFRWIT mtmm vitality ~~
IMCR V Ir\ LOST VIGOR. |^P E^k¥W^7^^'i l^ 9 f^
-"■■'AND MANHOOD m«ll M Bli I V
EarW 1 Cures Impoteacv Night Emissions and wasting LiUl IB B SL< IBU M -i kl
VRBo!9fi diseases, all effects oi self-abuse, or excess and , I *MW *■" .^^k. Jawm mv
\ST ~S\ indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood^builder. Wkwrntmr FAV^) RITE
1 TL^T Brings the Pink glow to pale cheeks and *** ' BTZIT--- __ _, —^ — -t^-^— • ¥
Lj^Tj stores the fir: of youth. By mail 500 per | 017 Cf^ O I OTIfl Al
RK^K boi ; 6 boiesfor $2.50; with a written [ Iff \w W% II WT I
j^jj^^g^! guarantee to cure or refund the money. &M& SLiiJP V^Ml-M M llVll
■wlta medical Co. , CTnton • Jackson ft*., BbfeaflO. ML OR WEAK WOMEN.
WALLER BROS., 13 Grant aye., cor. Geary. ~~^ m
-il^^b^^ " No QUACKS -" TYR MCNITTTY
A 80od Electric Belt i-'ll.. 11l • -L 1 Uijl 1.
f^^^r^^S^^^r,jr^J% THOU THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
< y;^^?V;'~';jv!TB"EDICINH. Buy _ no 1 .Special Private, Nervous, and Blood
E^~^^i^feriTOtP^ elle 11 Vll,,V 11 ,, y ° u .8. 8e * Dr eases of Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
WJrtfff^SaWW^* P l? r ?, e 8 - ook free * Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 y'rs 1 experience.
)S &&7iF^t^ys£ «^r?oTr mVrTBi/, Patients cured tit Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
♦oi*ftr^!^>-^rir >■ ERC^«., E ii^o^SJS to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'pi. Consul.
y^AjCTA «' CO.. 620 MARKET taUon free and sacredly conlidentlal. CaU,oradOreM
3JSKJ STREET, Opp. .Talao* iioiel, _ _ »numii< T»f»"W¥TTI^V
Mention ri* Ban Francisco. «-,, i»r. Jr. KUStUb JI.CXUMjM. X» « .
this paper. *Taac»co. 26' 2 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
There was a clergyman in a Long Island village who suf- '
fered from dyspepsia to such an extent that it positively seemed
sometimes as though his doctrine was not sound. It was, however,
only a stomach trouble, and had nothing to do with the mind.
Being convinced of this, one of his parishioners, a lady, presented
him with a small quantity of Ripans Tabules and the relief he ex-
perienced was such that all the congregation 'noticed an improve- -
ment, and now, although his salary small, this clergyman and
his wife devote a portion of it to keeping the medicine closet
stocked with a suitable supply of Ripans Tabules. Doubtless
there are many cases where what has been thought heresy was in
fact nothing more nor less than dyspepsia, and Ripans Tabules euro
dyspepsia. One gives relief.
A SSW arm packet COKTAMJSa ten TABCX.EB a a paper carto* .'without OUfIS)
. v j»v roa BALB ax •okx sToaj»— torn irrx cxmt. .
56
—
p j
WE DN KSDAY • ■ OCTOB ER 5. 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 3. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street I
Tetepkone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) IS
served by carriers In tt>ls city antf surrounding towns j
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montlj I
65 cents. .
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway i
IVEW YORK OFFICE Room 183, World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifcfte Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Lar^in street, open until 930 o'clock
. 1941 Mission strcst. open until 10 o'clock- 2291 ftiarket ■
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513 !
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh j
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second «na
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AHUSEM ENTi
Baldwin— "The Last Wor '.'"
. Baldwin Theater-Toddle Rose, Thursday afternoon.
Columbia -•■ True to Lire "
Alcazar— "ln Mizxonra "
Morotco'p— • The Runaway Wife
Tlvoli—" Ihe Bohemian Gin."
Crpheum - Vaudeville.
Kew Comedy Theater—" She Signal of Liberty.'
Alhambra, Eddy an.l .'ones streets-Vaudeville.
The Chutes— PH-tro Marino, Vaudeville and iho Zoo.
Lirmpia — Corner };a.-c!i and Eddy streets— Speclalita*
Central Park— Circus. Saturday, October 15.
Roseuthal— Coming in February.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming. _^_^__
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridpe & Co.— This day. October 5, Works of
Art, at Maple Room, Palace Hotel, at 2 aid T:3op-m.
"A MATTER OF BUSINESS."
EVIDENTLY the Bulletin is devoid of prin
ciple. Professing to be a Republican paper, it
is supporting the Democratic nominee lor
Mayor. This is done as a "matter of business."
There is reason for believing that a price was paid,
the surprising circumstance being not that the paper
would accept a price for its untrammeled opinion, but
that anybody should have been cajoled into paying
the price.
To emphasize its Republicanism, the Bulletin now
comes out in favor of Barclay Henley for District At
torney. Henley is on the Democratic ticket, the se
lection of the Mayor. The Canadian editor professes
to believe that Henley would be alert in bringing of
fenders to justice. Such an expression of belief can
rot be taken as sincere. The editor of the Bulletin
has himself been a gross offender. He deliberately
engineered a bunko scheme of which the business
men of this community were the victims. People who
do such things do not want an able prosecutor in
authority. Supposing Crothers had been ably prose
cuted. He would now have been wearing stripes, for
as to his guilt there was no question. He would not
row have been at liberty to sell himself, or even to of
fer himself for sale. Hence we may be pardoned for
doubting that his recommendation of Henley as a
man who would corral the rascals comes from the
heart. Crothers does not want to be corraled.
Two years apo the Bulletin asked $5000 for sup
porting the Republican ticket, which show? the brand
of its Republicanism. There is no reason to suppose
it has reformed. Indeed there is every rer.son for
thinking that it has once more been in the market.
and this time found a purchaser. With Crothers it is
ail a "matter of busiiv
Th|E FIRST BOOA\ERANG.
I"""" HE first boomerang of the campaign has made
its appearance. It was launched from the fusion
camp, traversed an irregular curve in the empty
air and returned promptly back upon the head of the
party that hurled it. It was of portentous form, and,
while the forward stroke was slight, there is reason
to believe the back action has had something of the
force of a knock-out blow.
The extraordinary document purported to be a cir
cular letter from the Republican campaign committee
giving instructions to the editors of the interior press
to make the fight against Maguire on the single tax
exclusively. "We suggest," says this artful circular,
"that you enter into no discussion of the single tax
itself, as the doctrine is not well understood, and its
advocates, having long studied it, are apt to have you
at a disadvantage. Besides, the fallacious theory is
very captivating to certain classes. Simply state all
the time that the single taxers* mean to put all the
taxes on the farmer?, and stay with that proposition.'
When the document was called to the attention of
Chairman McLatjghHn of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee he said: "It is as shameful n lie as has
yet been uttered by the Popo-Democratic party in
this campaign."' The language was no stronger than
the occasion justified, and yet it was hardly needed.
The document carries the marks of falseness on its
face.
So far from desiring to restrict' the campaign to the
single tax issue, the Republican orators and press
have repeatedly urged the importance of national is
sues in the campaign, and hays challenged Maguire
and his supporters again and again to revive their old
clamor for free silver and fiat money, free trade and
Bryanism, if they dared.
The boomerang is the invention of the Australian
savage, one of the lowest of the races of men, and it
is attractive to '/ersons of like intellectual caliber. I;
has frequently been adopted by men of low cunning
in American politics, but has never proved effective
against those whom they wished to injure. In al
most even' case the weapon has returned to strike
the men who threw it. Sometimes the return blow
has been long in coming, but in this instance it has
btcn prompt. The effect of the faked circular upon
the tricky schemers of the fusion camp will be noted
by the squeals that will go up for days to come.
There is a suspicion that Chaplain Mclntyre of the
Oregon is being court-martialed for having told the
truth. His pica that he was so full of quinine when
he spoke that he did not know what he was saying
ought to be sufficient to exculpate hi::- > satisfy
those who hnve been aggrieved.
While the Grand Jury is investigating school affairs i
it should not be forgotten that the members of the
School Board were chosen by Mr. Phelan. and that ;
Mr. Phelan is sensitive.
The Rev. Mr. Briggs mnst he in a state of <loubt
as to whether or not to indulge in self-congratula
tion. It is true that he was acquitted, but the effect I
w?s not to supply him with a halo.
THE "NON-PARTISAN" FfIRCE.
ALL the respectable Republican citizens who, as
members of Deacon Fitch's Non-Partisan
convention, are being used to further the
schemes of the Democratic politicians who are now
running that so-called "'party," should withdraw im
mediately and save their reputations. The Non-
Partisan convention is nothing more or less than a
Democratic sideshow. Mayor Phelan's brother-in
law, assisted by Deacon Fitch (who ought to be in
better business), have united to secure practically all
the indorsements for the former's job-chasers.
There is no question about this. The record already
made up proves it.
The Non-Partisans nominated Phelan for Mayor
befo.e any other candidate had been named. They
have indorsed Phelan's candidates for Sheriff, County
Clerk, Tax Collector, District Attorney and Re
corder, thus giving him in the ev^nt of success the
patronage of the municipal government and control
of the Board of Election Commissioners for next
year's campaign. Dr. Dodge was slated for Asses
sor, but by some strange circumstance this part of
the bargain between the Non-Partisans and Phelan
has fallen through. The newspaper organ of the con
spiracy, however, has been attacking Siebe ever
since he received the indorsement of the convention,
and the Phelanites are working hard to have him
taken down. They may yet succeed in doing so.
All this makes it plain that the Non-Partisans are a
Democratic sideshow. As a moral reform party
their indorsement is. therefore, valueless. We advise
Republican candidates to shun them. They have
united with Phelan in an attempt to capture the city
offices, and the legs of the Republican members of
the convention are being pulled by the job-chasing
Democrats who controlled the Committee of One
Hundred.
On the whole the spectacle is decidedly humiliating.
Heretofore an indorsement by Deacon Fitch's party
has constituted a sort of certificate of character. Of
itself it did not bring many votes, but it strength
ened a candidate with his party and helped his cam
paign among respectable people. But in its present
aspect non-partisanism is a farce. As a Democratic
sideshow— the instrument of ' Sullivan, McNab and
Phetan for getting the offices— it is a howling fraud.
It can neither bring votes to a candidate nor
strengthen him morally with the people. All its in
dorsement can do is to prove that an aspirant for
office enjoys the favor of Boss Phelan and his ring
of patronage grubbers.
Probably it is useless to advise Mr. Fitch to with
draw from the Non-Partisan convention, since he ap
pears to have enli-ted for the war with Boss Phelan;
but, nevertheless, we feel constrained to offer him 1
word of advice.
Mr. Fitch's avowed purpose in practicing politics
is to purify the government. Like Brutus, his as
pirations are elevated and elevating, and however
base the motives of his lieutenants, he is not believed
to share in them. He thinks Phelan is sincere and
McNab honest. But how will it be, when, like
Brutus, he is finally compelled to run upon his own
sword? Pie ought to know that his leg is being pulled
by the Democratic patronage brokers, and that as
soon as they get their men in office they will throw
him and his moral reform ideas overboard. If Dea
con Fitch cares anything for the reputation he has
heretofore enjoyed as a sincere and intelligent man.
he should adjourn the Non-Partisan convention
without delay. If he keep on much longer the town
will have to provide him with a fool's cap and a stool.
AMERICAN ART COLLECTIONS.
ALBERT A. MUNGER, a citizen of Chicago,
has recently presented to the Art Institute of
that city a collection of sixty-three paintings
valued at about $300,000. The collection includes
works by such masters as Corot, Gerome, Meisso
nier, Munkacsy and Bougereau. It is a gift with
which Chicago is justly delighted, and of which other
cities in that section of the Union are more or less
envious.
The Cleveland Leader maintains that the reason
Chicago has been so fortunate of late in receiving
gifts of art treasures is because she has erected a
stately and beautiful building in which to house them.
There is much reason to support the conclusion. A
magnificent edifice never fails to impress the minds of
those who live near it, and to awaken an interest in
the object to which the building is devoted. Out of
that interest there invariably proceeds a desire to aid
in the attainment of the object, and the structure thus
serves not only as a storehouse of art, or science, or
learning, but as an incentive toward contributions to
ifs treasures.
In every part of the United States where massive
and durable art galleries have been erected the ac
cumulation of artistic masterpieces has gone forward
at a rapid rate. Our advance in all lines of develop
ment has been so great that we have hardly noted
the extent to which we have progressed in that par
ticular branch of culture. The advance has been ob
served in Europe, however, for American buyers
have now become sharp competitors in the art mar
kets of the Old World, and it has been forcibly im
pressed upon European collectors that the United
States is the greatest picture purchasing nation on the
globe.
A writer in the Nineteenth Century, in discussing
the growth of American art galleries, says "the
United States is on the way to becorfie the Louvre
of the nations," and adds: "From year to year its
public galleries have been enriched with masterpieces
of ;ill tl-c modern schools; and by purchase, bequest
or gift, many valuable and some great pictures by the
older Italian, Flemish and Spanish master? have been
added to the already imposing store of national art
wealth. In New York pre-eminently, but also in Bos
ton, Washington, Philadelphia, and in other large
cities, from New Orleans in the South to Chicago in
the North, and from Baltimore in the East to San
Frnnciseo in the West, there is now so numerous
and, in the main, so distinguished a congregation of
pictures, of all schools and periods, that the day is
not only at hand, but has arrived, when the native
student of art no longer needs to go abroad in order
to lenrn the tidal reach and high-water mark in this
or that nation's achievement, in this or that school's
accomplishment, in this or that individual painter's
work."
Along with this increase in our stores of art treas
ures there comes of course an increased development
of native artistic talent. If our attainments in art are
now notable mainly for what we draw from Europe.
it will not be long before they will be renowned for
what is produced at home. Every art gallery is an
incentive to art culture and a school for artists.
America is destined to become something more than
"the Louvre of the nations." She is to be a fruitful
mother of master arti«tr-. and her art schools are to
be as renowned as her galleries.
Senator Pfeffcr of Kansas has been accused of
abandoning ' Populism, but his whiskers are # still in
evidence. Still, it is hard to cling to .1 thing which
has disappeared. The most Pfcffer can reasonably be
expected to do is to cherish the memory of the de
parted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
STAMPING OUT THE YELLOW LIES.
GENERAL SHAFTER is the latest official who
has been moved by a just indignation to de
nounce the falsehoods circulated by the yellow
press and a considerable number of fusion dema
gogues against the administration for an alleged in
efficiency in the conduct of the war. These attacks
the General characterizes as "simply outrageous," and
a. c lies.
There has been comparatively little of that kind of
campaign abuse in circulation on this coast, the yel
low Hearst organ being the only serious offender,
but in the Eastern States it appeared at one time as
if the whole Democratic campaign was going to be
made out of that material.
So numerous were the scandals, and so serious had
the lying become, that Attorney General Griggs, in
an address before the Republican convention of New
Jersey, devoted no little attention to it. After re
ferring to the authors of the falsehoods as "hovering
like buzzards over the battle-fields and hospitals and
graveyards, looking only for the misery and suffer
ing and death which are inevitable in war," he said:
"Surely the Democratic party has not been reduced
so low in its supply of proper subjects for political
discussion as to need to rely upon yellow fever and
yellow literature."
The action of the President in appointing a com
mittee of men of national repute for fairness and in
tegrity to investigate the charges of the yellow jour
nals has had the effect of silencing a great many of
them. The announcement that the committee would
summon the authors of the charges to give evidence
put them in an embarrassing position. Having no
proofs of their assertions to offer, they found it ad
visable to hush up before the summons came.
The whole course of the yellow journals and yellow
campaigners on this matter has, however, been too
disgraceful for the public to overlook and forget it,
even though the slanderers are for the time reduced
to silence. The people know that gross wrongs have
been inflicted upon the administration and the officers
of the army, and a day of reckoning \till come when
they will settle with the authors.
For the present, however, the country will turn
willingly from that vile record of falsehood and spite
to the consideration of the great issues awaiting so
lution. The voters will take the advice given by Gen
eral Griggs in closing his address: "Lift up your
eyes to the heights where glory is crowned. The
genius of American liberty points to a future preg
nant with prodigious good to all mankind; to fresh
fields for the extension of American trade and com
merce: new openings for the investment of Ameri
can capital; wider scope for the active energies of
American young men; to more frequent glimpses of
the American flag for voyager? over the ocep.ns: mer
chant shipping multiplied manifold in the harbors of
the world; with a navy large enough and. strong
enough to enforce our just demands and the rights of
American citizens as promptly and as efficiently
ar, Devvey enforced the views of the Government in
Manila Bay."
REPORTS from China concerning the death of
the Emperor are conflicting, but out of the very
conflict conies proof that the crisis in the em
pire has reached an acute stage and is likely to result
in disturbances that will endanger the property and
the lives of all foreigners residing there. It is there
fore gratifying that the President has promptly or
dered Admiral Dewey to dispatch the Baltimore to
the Chinese coast at once for the protection of Amer
ican interests.
The riots in the larger cities of the empire and the
rumor that the death of the Emperor was caused by
assassination reveal something of the real conditions
of the Chinese situation, and aid in an understanding
of the difficulties that have confronted the Dowager
Empress, Li Hung Chang and other officials in deal
ing with the issues arising from the conflict of Jap
anese and European aggression on the one side and
Chinese stagnation and superstition on the other.
The young Emperor appears to have been a liberal
minded youth with aspirations to accomplish among
his people reforms on the broadest scale. It was his
desire to enlighten the ignorance of the Chinese by
the introduction of European sciences as well as in
dustrial arts among them, and in the pursuit of this
ambition he went so far as to require aspirants for
official positions to pass examinations and write
papers on chemistry instead of on the Chinese classics
as of old.
Had the empire been victorious in the war with
Japan, had it been free from European aggression,
such radical measures as these would even under such
circumstances have aroused antagonism. Coming as
they did at a time when the people were exasperated
by defeat and roused to rage by the encroachments of
France, Germany, Great Britain and Russia, they
naturally appeared to the populace and the upholders
of the old faith as a betrayal of the nation- by its ruler.
It is therefore not to be wondered at that in their
barbarism they have resorted to riots and to assassin
ation.
With such a seething mass of discontent around
them the Dowager Empress and her advisers from Li
Hung Chang down have had a harder task to per
form than any other rulers of the time. It is clear
rhat an extensive civil disturbance in China will hasten
the disruption of the empire. It is essential to the
preservation of peace that the superstitions of the
people shall not be too much disturbed, that re
forms shall go slowly. It is at the same time neces
sary to appease the greed of Europe for trade. Con
cessions have had to be made in turn to each of the
great commercial powers. Thus the administration at
Peking has found itself in a dilemma to escape from
which would have taxed the brains of the greatest
statesmen that ever lived even in the most enlight
ened nations.
The end seems at hand. The young Emperor, even
if the reports of his death be unfounded, is politically
dead. The Dowager Empress and Chang are grow
ing old. The menace of civil war is perceived in
every province of the empire. The fleets of the great
nations are hastening from the seven seas and gath
ering around the Chinese coast awaiting the inevit
able coming of the time when each will seize what it
can. It will be something very like a mirr.cle that
will keep old China intact until the close of the cen
tury.
For several years a number of intelligent nations
have bent their energies to the extinction of the seal
herd. Pcrsevcrence wili accomplish much, and suc
cess seems near at hand.
T. Carl Spelling announces that he i; still in the
fight for Congress. Aside from the word of the gen
tleman there is scant evidence pointing to this con
clusion.
General Garcia is getting better pay from Uncle
Sam than he ever got from Cuba, and perhaps the
experience will tend to soothe his savage breast.
It may be said for the football season that it has
been opened this year V'ith a gratifyingly small num
ber of funerals.
THE CRISIS IN CHINA.
IN DEFENSE
OF MAGUIRE.
Editor Call: In your editorial head
ed "What Maguire Stands For," in The
Call of Sunday, September 18, you say,
among other things, that he "stood up
for anarchy and anarchists in Con
gress, declaring them to be the dem
ocrats of Europe and worthy to be wel
comed as immigrants to the United
States," and that he "is for the confis
cation of land by the single tax."
Presuming that space in ihe Call,
and not space in the circumambient at
mosphere, is what is- meant by the last
paragraph but one of the article re
ferred to, I ask, as one of those who
regard Judge Maguire not alone as my
friend but the friend of all just men.
that you give space to the opinion that
both the above quoted propositions are
not strictly within the pale of truth.
It is, of course, well known that in
his speech in Congress on the immi
gration bill Judge Maguire opposed its
passage. He did so on broadly liberal
grounds of American principle, and
during his speech used the following
language:
"Who are the Nihlists? They are
the democrats of Russia who are strug
gling against almost hopeless odds to
establish the natural and inalienable
rights of m^n in that country. * *
"Who are the anarchists of Sapin?
They are the republicans of that coun
try, seeking to establish the principle
of popular sovereignty as against the
unnatural privilege of governing now
enjoyed by a single family.
"Who are the socialists of Germany?
They are the opponents of monarchical
government and special privilege— the
advocates of the equal rights of man.
I believe their schemes of social re
generation to be impracticable and mid
taken, but their purpose is right and
their cause should be sacred to every
lover of liberty and justice.
"I trust the time will never come
when men who struggle for liberty and
justice against tyranny and oppression
will be denied asylum in the 'land of
the free heart's hope and home.'
"The anarchists and socialists who
are dangerous to the free institutions
of this country are not those who are
contending against monarchical tyran
ny in Europe, but, rather, those of our
own citizenship, who, by powerful com
binations of wealth and special privi
lege, are overriding and evading our
laws and corrupting those who make
and administer them. These are the
classes against whose serious menace
to free institutions our legislation
should be directed."
Every syllable of that speech must
be indorsed by enlightened citizens who
believe in the great democratic princi
ple of political equality and freedom,
whose minds are not biased by race or
class prejudice.
Since beginning this letter, by the
merest chance, there has come to my
hand a small pamphlet, entitled "Law
and Authority." by Pierre Krapotkine,
which, I Judge, after a hasty perusal
of its pages, is an anarchist tract in
tended to propagate ideas antagonistic
to established notions of delegated or
usurped human authority to enforce
laws enacted by delegated representa
tives, and the substitution therefor of
natural, divine law without the inter
mediary of human legislative enact
ment. Judicial decree or penalty. This,
I take it, would be anarchy— the repeal
of man's laws and the acceptance of
Ood's laws. A very pretty speculative
theory, but as impossible of execution,
as humanity is constituted, as is the
d-irtrine of universal Christianity. Th.c
author is evidently a man of more than
average intellectual ability, of an ana
lytical and philosophical turn of mind,
for the easay contains much close, log
ical reasoning and a great deal of
truth, and is written in faultless Eng
lish. There is nothing positively dan
gerous in its pages, it teaches no viol
ence, no murder, no blood-letting, no
revolution, in the ordinary meaning of
the term, and no liberal-minded, intel
ligent person would advocate the death
or banishment of its author, although
he teaches contempt for existing
forms of law and authority and shows,
or attempts to show, wherein they are
contemptible.
It is to such men Judge Maguire had
reference in his speech, and not to the
poverty-crazed wretches like the slayer
of the late Empress of Austria. I
myself haye — all who are mentally
qualified to formulate optnions doubt
less haye — a contempt for certain laws
and customs which ignorance, tradition
and superstition have fastened upon
us, which we would overthrow If possi
ble, and which, through political par
ties, we are attempting to repeal, to
overthrow, to abolish. We may be
said, then, to be anarchists to that ex
tent, and dangerous to human institu
tions because we want to abolish the
established order.
No?
Well, then, anarchism— and I am not
defending it or pleading its cause —
merely stating the truth about It as I
see it — anarchism is no more a menace
to civilization than anj r other line of
philosophical reasoning, and believers
in its theories ar% no more dangerous
than believers in other schools of
thought until brooding over real or fan
cied wrongs their minds give way and
succumb to the strain which their in
herent weakness la powerless to resist.
Then they become identical with the
crazy Republican, Democrat or Popu
list who runs amuck and in a fit of
jealous rage or fanatical frenz^ mur
ders an unfaithful mistress or wife, a
Lincoln or a Garfleld.
As Judge Maguire has pointed out on
innumerable occasions, it is industrial
oppression, inequality and special priv
ilege which is at the root and founda
ton of all political discontent among
the poorer classes, and it is tliat which
is the underlying cause of crack
brained anarchistic and nihilistic at
tempts at murder and destruction.
This brings me down to th<? consider
ation of the other proposition, vi«:
That Judge Maguire is for "the confis
cation of land by the sintrle tax." To
this charge it is only necessary to re
ply that the single tax will have no
greater tendency to confiscate land
than has the present system. It will
confiscate the monopoly value of land
and compensate society fur the service
which it renders to land users by giving
value to land wlirse exclusive pn<;?r-s
sion and use is a spec!*] privilege en
joyed only by the user, and without
the presence of which (society) the
value of the Fp^cial privilege dimin
ishes in direct ratio as the population
diminishes, and increases in like ratio
with the increase of population.
Tt is a proposition that must be ad
mitted by all fair-minded men that the
enrth was created not for the exclusive
use of a few favored individuals, but
for the whole human race. This being
the case, the exclusive possession of
any given location which, by reason of
itr site Is more valuable than another,
is a special privilege? and should be
paid for as such by him v.ho enjoys it.
Since society plvea to land all the
value that attaches to it. those who
enjoy the'privllege of its exclusive use
or monopoly shov.ld. in common Justice
and equity. corop rt r>r-itr> society for the
monopoly value Which Us prosencp con
fers upon the land. Thjs In its es
sence is the single tax. and there Is
j nowhere in the proposition anything
but equity involved. "Webster defines
confiscation as "The act of condemning
as forfeited, and adjudging to the pub
lic treasury." Since society would take
away nothine: but what it gives there
; can be no confiscation of land under
: the single tax. hut tenure would be as
secure and undisturbed ns it is at pres
ent.
"What Judge Mapuire stands for Is
i broad-minded- liberalism, freedom of
■ thought and action, the reward of ser
| vice and abolition of ■ ; privilege — the
j highest ideals of the most exalted • hu
i man prerogatives— all thr.t Paine, and
Jefferson, and Franklin, and Lincoln
and Henry George stood for In the on
ward march of human progress.
A keen appreciation of the spirit or
fairness exhibited by The Call in ac
cording both sides of a controversy a
hearing: in its columns prompts me to
thank it in advance for the considera
tion which I am sure it will show by
giving: space to these remarks. Re
spectfully, s P. B. PREBLE,
316 Tenth street, Oakland.
ORANJE BOVEN.
To her Majesty the Queen of the Neth
erlands.
Said the Sea to the Dutchman. "Ho, make
Way!
For the marfh of the flood Is mine.
Shall the bar of thine arm my coursers
stay
In the charge of my whelming brine?"
To the Sea said the Dutchman, "Ho,
stand back!
I bide for the dole and fee.
To the hands that serve and the loins
that lack,
And a hail to the Strong and Free.
In the mipht of the Lord of ti.e Deep
I stand.
And I set His bounds to Thee.
"A bound in the Dyke, and a mete in the
Dune,
And a stay in the stout Sea wall.
In the swing of my spade is the eagle's
rune,
Tho' the Norland ravens squall.
And the silt shall flow and the clod shall
grow,
From Zeoland to Zuydr-r Kee:
And a man .«hall a fre man.; foot i i d
know,
Where the arm of a man is free—
For the lord of the Dutchman's land, the
Lord of the Dutchman's love shall be.
"Flambeau and falchion, shackle and
rack.
In the lust of a 'Holy' hate.
No glut of carnage, rapine and sack.
Nor a Thousand Fear.s can sate.
No tear for ruth, and no shudder for
shame, . 
No Christ for the brand md pike;
Only the rage of the 'Beggar s claim,
And the roar of t c cloven dyke—
Only the arm of the Lord upheaved, and
The sword of the Lord to strike.
Said the Sea, "O Nederland! alone.
You battle against the stars.
For Brill's hoarse cry and Alkmaar s
groan
I storm at your stubborn bars.
In Heiliger Lee your Rachels weep,
In Leyden your children die;—
Death unto Life, Deep unto Deep!
And my tides leap at the cry.
Set wide your to my hosts, and
aound yeur pealing trumpets high!'
"Oranje Boven!"— Fate is mute,
And the Silent soul is lord.
"Oranje Boven!" — Trump and lute
Wait on the grim, dumb sword.
When the brand is cold, and the blade Is
rust,
And the gyve and the rack are shows.
When the bones of the Brave enrich th*
dust
Where a Leyden garden grows —
Then the organ swell 0/ the Sea shall tell
how Nederland uprose.
On Yssel's flanks, with thrifty sails,
The windmills churn the air,
Where erst a Viking's galley rails
Their bossed shields laid bare
I dream that the high-beaked triremes
sweep
A path for the hordes of Rome,
As I rock in a fisher's boat, asleep,
In the lee of a hedger's horne —
While the bells are chiming a psalm of
Rest from storied tower and dome.
And Thou, O fairest flower of Peace,
Child of a happy star!
Glories, and guerdons of increase
Wreathe thy ancestral Lar.
White Righteousness In thine array,
And on thy shield Renown,
Honor shall celebrate thy day,
And Law salute thy crown,
While grass shall grow and water flow,
and the ships sail up and down.
— John Williamson Palmer in Literature.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Dr. C. Gross of Eureka Is at the Lick.
John Brunton, the athlete, is at the
California.
A. Cohen, a merchant of Carson, 13 at
the Grand.
John Finnel, the Napa banker, is at
the Palace.
S. N. Griffiths, a lawyer of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
L. A. Richards, a stock raiser of Gray
son, is at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Oates of Santa
Rosa are at the Lick.
William S. Green, State Treasurer, is
a guest at the Grand.
W. H. MacKenzie, Sheriff of Fresno
County, is at the Lick.
B. T. McCullough. the cattle man of
Crows Landing, is at the Grand.
George E. Goodman, the banker, of
Napa, and wife are at the Paiace.
W. R. Carithers, the Santa Rosa mer
chant, and wife are guests at the Lick.
Dr. Kaestner, pr^lc-sor at the Univer
sity of Leipzig, is a guest at the Califor
nia.
H. M. Whitney, one of the oldest Amer
ican settlers In Hawaii, is at the Occi
dental.
F. L. Lowndes and R. W. Baird of New
York arrived yesterday and are at the Oc
ciuental.
J. M. Chase, a ha^iware merchant of
Seattle, arrived yesterday and is stopping
at the Grand.
Captain R. D. Wicl.s has just returned
from the Kotzebue Sound country and is
stopping at the Russ.
Dr. A. H. Mitchell, wife and son arrived
from Montana yesterday and are stop
ping at tbp Occidental.
Frank Qualey, a mining man of Arizona,
■who owns large inter sts in the copper
mines near Safford, Ariz., is at me Pal
ace.
Appraiser John T. Dare has just been
granted thirty days' leave of absence for
his annual vacation. Mr. Dare may be
relied upon to devote a part of his vaca
tion to the service of the Republican
party on the stump.
George B. Bobbins, general manager of
the Armour & Co. lines; Robert Graham
of the California lines, Herbert Flelsh
hackcr, the pnp^r kinsr. and John A. Gill
of the Vanderbllt lines, left in" a party
lost night for Los Angeles, all on busi
ness commissions.
J. O. Carlisle and Jnmes Posworth re
turned from Kotzebue Sound yesterday
and are very much disgusted prospect
ors. They left here last May with the
hope of striking the heels of fortune
in the frozen north. They return disap
pointed men. As far as the knowledge
of Carlisle goes not one of the 1200 men
who entered that country last spring
made a strike.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NSW YORK. Oct. 4.— F. Toplitz of San
Francisco is at the Vendome; Miss A. C.
Cowen of San Francisco Is at the Nether
lands; and Major Thomas C/ellln. wife
and daughter, of Oakland, are at the Gil
sey.
CURRENT FTTN.
Not All Alike — "Some men," says the
Manayunk Philosopher, "won't drink a
drop; and, on the outer hand there are
many who wpn't drop a drink."—Phila
delphia Record.
Endiess Letter Chain.— Mrs. Jones— Why
don't you do something to support your
self?
The Tramp — I wuz t'inkin'. madam, of
startin' one of dem endless chains of let
ters contributin' to me relief. — Puck.
She remained — "I am sorry," said the
new governess, "but I cannot remain in
your employ."
"What's the trouble?"
"Your husband seems dissatisfied with
me."
And then her salary was increased.—
Cleveland Evening Plain Dealer.
The Last Ditch— Her husband was su
perb in his anger. "Not a word," he ex
claimed, imperiously when she tried to
sppak. "I simply won't have it! You
may name all the children, if you will
but I shall select tho wall paper, and con
suit nobody, either, unless it be -^apa or
Uncle John. Bo there!"
It will be observed that •*•' - the new
woman is herself a fleeted phantom, so to
speak, the joke of which she is the motif
does not readily perish from the earth.—
Detroit Journal.
Sure Indications. — The Maid— What
makes you think she hasn't any children?
The Matron— She was telling me how
to raise mine.-New York Evening Jour
nal.
ANSWERS TO COBHESPONDENTS.
ANNEXATION-H. F. C, Goleta Cal.
The question of the annexation of the
Hawaiian Islands to the United States
wan disposeu n' by the Dole Government
and not by a vote of the people of the
islands.
MAIL TO DAWSON-H. A. N.. Hay
wards. Cal. Mail that has been sent from
California to the Northwest during the
past few months has been reaching Daw
son City, but the delivery is not always
regular-
DUCHESS OF KKNT-E. S-. City. This
department has not been able to find any
authority for the statement in your com
munication that the late Duchess «t *\ ent '
mother of Queen Victoria, became a
convert to another religion just before her
death. •
FRANCO PRUSSIAN WAR— A. ft O.
T. C, City. Napoleon 111 proclaimed war
against Germany July 21, 1870. Badenese
troops entered France at Lauterberg July
31, and on the 4th of August the Crown
Prince crossed the Lauter, the boundary
of France.
CHINA-JAPAN WAR-A. R. O. T. C.
City. Japan declared war against China
in the Korean matter on August 1, 1894.
The Japanese at various times sent troops
to Korea and on October 25 of the year
given the Japanese crossed the Yalu and
invaded Manchuria.
SOLDIER'S PAY AND PENSION— J.
W. R.. City. The pay of the volunteer In
the United States army while in actual
service Is the same as that of the regular.
The widow of a captain of volunteers
killed in battle is entitled to draw the
same pension as the widow of a captain in
the regular army, $20 per month.
A WALK— E. R., Oakland. Cal. The
distance walked in going from Haight and
Webster streets in San Francisco to the
Cliff House by way of the main drive,
then from the Cliff House to the point of
starting via the great highway, the Ocean
House road, the Almsnouse road and
over Castro street, is sixteen and one
quarter miles. In an American mile there
are 1760 yards.
CUSTOM HOUSE WATCHMAN— C. S..
City. The duties of watchman in the
customs department are the same as aro
required of watchmen generally— that is
to look out for fires and protect the of
fices of the department from intrusion by
burglars. The nay is $7sO a year and the
hours are generally from the time the of
fices close until they are reopened on the
following day, and sometimes the- may
be required to put in extra hours, if the
needs of the department require it. There
are but few vacancies.
COD FISH— C. T. M., Centerville. Placer
County, Cal. Cod fish is the name by
which the Gadus Morrhua is commonly
known. Cod is the name given to the
fish that live on a rocky bottom. Rock
cod and red cod are names given to the
common cod. The name rock cod applied
along the Pacific Coast to chiroidS and to
sebastichlhys and then even transferred
to serranus comes from an affiliation of
their affinity to ophiodon and not from
any supposed resemblance to the true cod
fish. Rock cod is misapplied in San Fran
cisco to a sebastine fish (Sebastichlhya
flavidus), and about Puget Sound to a
chiroid fish (Hexagrammus decgrammus).
The Gadhus Morrhua belongs to the im
portant family of malaccopterous fishes
known as Gadidae. To this family belong
the cod, ling, hakedorse. haddock, whit
ing, coalfish. burbot and others. As to
the matter in controversy, the fish served
up was cod, but not codfish as that term
is applied to the Gadhus 7>Torrhua.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business house? and public men by the
Press Clippfng Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The hammock fell— l wonder why?
It oft held two before:
But. figuring it closely, I
See this time it was more.
For while the hammock held them Doth
("Twas really worked to death)
He held his own and her. and she
Held rapturously her breath.
— Philndelphia Bulletin.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syruj"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It eootr--> the child, softens
the pums, allays Pain, cures Wind f.i](c, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the beit remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. ?5c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL CORONA DO— Take advantasa
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New ? jntgomery stroet, San Francisco.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rels. ?63 Market st.
ADVERTISEMEITTS.
B-B-B-B-B- fl - B-B-B-B-B
j Mackay's 7
I Forcing .J
-Out I
I Furniture a
; Department ■
It A determined effort on our part is B
I being mad? to wind up this depart- |
a ment of our establishment. Cost is B
I not to be considered. 1 i
B We refuse no reasonable offer on '
I any article. Complete lines in _
6 CHAMBER SUITS, I
I DINING TABLES, m
051 PARLOR SUITS, T
I ODD PIECES, _
1 «>iX.JL HACKS, ■
3 . FANCY TABLES, I
I In fact, everything for house furnish- ™
* — and every piece a bargain. X
f CARPETS. Bi
B This department has been greatly m
•enlarged. All the latest styles in |
"j ■ coloring and design. :'*v ; B
B SPECIAL THIS WEEK. q
I Linen Warp Mattings ...22}^c |
T English Linoleum (laid) 45c B
i A large l ; ne of 10-Wire Tapestry pL
| Carpet (sewed and 1aid)... ...... Tsc j
31 Opaque Shades, 3x7, for 35c Q
)
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON I
a 715 Market St. ■
B-H-B- B- B- m -B -B- B- B— 3
; CtMMiiation :
:■■ Purses-$1.00 !
4- They come In ecru Persian, turtle '. -4.
a.- back and colored lizard and have
r;, block button—fancy leather lined +
4- and genuine gun-metal corners. .a.
4- Mall orders attended to promptly. -♦•
% WILL &^JNCK CO., \
4.v ■ 818-820 Market St., S. F. I
!•♦♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦©OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Pleses Mention "The CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
ncrijp *-> DACCI m LEIHOLP harness CO.. eh Larkln «t.. 8. f.
I nH I • KUv>o! VU», Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
Artistic Furniture and fin Ware Importers. I gj»* £ »-™^ w tar« ™. MS
117 SITTER STREET. — -
AUCTIONEERS. = HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
A-.-rtmnpers-RiLLtl CrQUMo^rTSt. E] UfiS tor c.Ual^i'i? "oEO. W. BHRHVK
Auctioneer. &lI.LII tt WU- San Francis. UHI^U Jor oatkloeue GEO. W. SHRHVK
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. — Market street. _ .
WM CrKfttKlWi; SblpplnK trade .tjpplled. IRON FOUNDERS.
VI Si- »iai)fcftlMl, MS broadway »t re et. Wef;tern Foundry. Morton g Medley. Praps..
HF(Tl\fi 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
. «»,^^t« V V /„,« a scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
I P DFfiFW Manufacturer of Pelting —
L.I. ,'LUL^, Lnc3 Leather. 105-107 Mis- JEWELERS.
slon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Wain 562. w VA^ D " ' SLICE CO.
BOILER MAKERS. r> OLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutler «L.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS j
Sp«i.l Am.i. B "r l£" S°£t, W. . GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFC. CO.
„ «^^ Mnnn'firtii'-i" blanketa, Casslmeres. Twe«ds and
Office and Works- 113-115 MISSION STREET Flannel*. OS Market Ft.. Baa Francisco. CM.
Telephone Main 5045. Goo,1 5 tor .ale at all , i;,,- dry good* store,.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. ' .MARINE INSURANCE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, fTVIB! •t2SJS§g°ftgS£T
342 to 350 Genry Street, Above Powell. 801 California «*.
. Periodicals, Books and Station a ry._ y. AT TRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
CARRIAGE .MAKERS. TH C nrnvHiO.n Mattrew Co.. 641 MlsV.r.i
n'RDIFV * CAVC-Makers and Dealers in iHe kEhMIAfItJ ft , Telephone Main in
V DKILiI tt OUiOLanc'.aus. Hacks. Victorias. _„„ ni ,. f __,_
Carts ajid Bupgies. Golden Gate aye. ami Polk i PAPeR DEALERS.
St.. San Francisco. wmi j AM^TTP PVL % ANn PAPER CO..
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS, TTILUMi- II Z 122 Montgomery Str a ->
CAS^A FERRINE B S TTERS, > pianos!
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa- T>« l"W*t Tlrtri nn<l T.n^-»«» atn,.*
tlve. At L a^O dealers. SIERRA PHARAIA- _.„_.,--» i r«=wr- ct^'dd
CF.UTICAL CO.. 1517 Market St. F*l fl IMO and /VIUSIC STORE.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. KOHLER & CHASE,
J. C. WILSON & CO., # a -i-p. .' -cn«rt tuners ami repatnv*.
900 BATTERY STREET. PRINTING
. >..-,.n is» HIIUHF^ PniNTKH.
COPPERSMITH LIOI 511 Pnr.some street.
;r*rn»i Fox. r<H'. M rtlyt?i. Mr- . l SOAP.
C. w. Smith. Ship Plumbini?. Steamboat C D I IlfV *TO 123 California *tr?M.
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 nnd 18 Ui "• LtJ^' a wu m rorm 37. Tel. Main 1661
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5041. I ■
■ — STATIONER AND PRINTER.
DENTIST. Teio rnphicr> A DTDII^fP ;>( "l CVi-
PR C W- RICHARDS, & ro '^T. code. HAK 1 KIUO tI f Orala s
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, [&X, «f
REDINGTON&GO, SKS^SSSm warehousemen.
FIRE .--...— THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
HKb sLRA.cb. TorwanJlng A«ent« and Publto Wel he«.
EDWARD BROWN & SON. . General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*
411-413 California street. r~«r. General ettice. 210 California it. Tel. Main me
Capital Represented over 314.000.000 ~ . "__
. WALLPAPER.
FLOUR. WHOLE' <ILE & retail: nend Tor samples, stnt-
\iTin\TiT Flour Mills. J. Martenst.-.n A Co. ing: quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 918 Howard.
nAIIUI>AL BW. cor. Mattery r.nd taclflc »v.
■i ■ ■■ . j ';—; — — — ■ * — — — — ___ WATCHES, ETC.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. — . iivrny Headquarters for line Jewelry ani
IKS. RfIVFS <?• fft fhlppln* Butcher*. 10$ 1- LLiilJli lull 18-k. Wcddlnc Rln«». 43d st.
JAS- r.UILj (X Wl,, Clay. Tel. Main l»t. =
— — — WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
Paki_. CARL, F. HAAS manufacturer of wood artl-
ALACE Hardware Co., lmporters S Dealers cles of any description. Planing, turning, etc.
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. i 417 Mission Bt.. tel. M. D 927.
FIENDISH DEED
OUT OF REVENGE
Arrest of the Glen Ellen
Train Wrecker.
MAKES A FULL CONFESSION
IN HIDING HE WATCHED FOR
THE SMASH-UP.
Put Off the Train While Stealing a
*tide — Gives His Name as Hugh
Griffin and His Home
Sebastopol.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 4.— The fiend who
made such a desperate attempt to
wreck . icific train a week
lay near Glen Ellen has
been arrested and now secure
behind prison bars. Ever since the ac
cident the authorities have been en
gaged in an active search for the crim
inal, but their efforts were nut success
ful untii to-night, when he was located
in Vallejo and soon after placed under
arrest. The prisoner made a full con-
fession and told without reserve the
story of his attempt to derail the train
and hurl the passengers and crew to
destruction. He gives his name as Hugh
Griffin and says hid mother resides near
Sebastopol. lie was arrested at Vullejo
this afternoon by Constable Blesslng
■: that piace.
When charged with the crime the
prisoner broke down completely and
Bald the motive which prompted him to
the desperate deed was one of revengp.
On the U p trip Conductor Jeff Gage had
put him off, as he was attempting to
Bteal his passage to El Verano, and to
get even h<_- broke open the switch,
placed a stone between '1> '■ rails to pre
vent its springing backlto correct po
sition and then forced the indicator
around In such, a way as to show every
thing was all right.
The train on its return trip, coming
around a curve, at the rate of twenty
five miles an hour, dashed into the open
■Witch, demoll: hing a freight car stand
ing there, derailing two passenger
coaches and overturning the engine,
which plowed its way Into the em
bankment anil i,.re up the track foi
fifty feet. AH the time the author ■
the < rime wai , i j n the brush
a few yards from the seme of the
wreck, watching the result of his fiend
ish work.
The prisoner is only a little over 21
years of age. Since Last Wednesday h ■
has been confined in th" Vallejo Jail
on a charge of vagrancy and it was
through confiding his story to a fellow
prisoner, who informed the officers of
what had been told him, that the loca
tion of the criminal and his arrest upon
the last charge was accomplished.
Sir Charles Dilke writes about the
Czar's peace union and the Anglo-
American alliance in next Sunday's
Call.
Dredging for the Wisconsin
The dredger has been set to work on the
bay side of the Union Iron Works to
deepen the ways for the launching of
Uncle Ram's latest man-of-war, the
Wisconsin. This much looked for event
will take place from the yard on the £«th
prox. , In eaiwequence of the enormous
size of the Wisconsin, she being the larr
est^shlp ever built on the Pacific Coast
an extra depth roust be made in front
of the place where she will glide Into the
bay.
A large pipe has been put In place from
the dredger leading Into the basin .m
the west side of Kentucky street, where
ihe mud that Is scooped out from the
mouth of the Union Iron Works will be
shot across and dumped into this recep
tacle. This will be an Improvement to
that portion of Long Bridge, where refuse
an ! stagnant tvatt-r adds to the discom
fort of persons driving or riding or. X •.:
tucky street. Another branch of im
provement is going on by the grading and
filling in of Sixth street from shore to
shore across the channel. The work is
being done by the Potn ro Land and Im
provement Company under contract with
the city.
To Aid Holy Cross Church.
Next "Tuesday evening:, at the residence
of Mrs. John Spottiswood, corner of Eddy
and Broderick streets, a delightful con
versatione, musical and dance will be
given, the proceeds of which will be given
to the fair to be held at Native Sons" Hall
on October 14 for the purpose of raising
funds for the new Holy Cross Church.
The affair will be under the management
of the members of the Native Sons and
Daughters' booth and the members of
Holy Cross booth.
The reception committee is as follows:
Mrs. J. Spottiswood. Mrs. F. Dunn, Mrs.
M. Holmes, Mrs. Gallagher, Mrs. William
Kearnay, Mrs. c. Kapp, the Misses Nellie
Gallagher, Rose Grant, M. Grant, M.
Cody, G. Sherry, Mamie Hubbard, Grace
McCloskey. Cora Scott, May Scott and
Madge Spottiswood.
Floor committee — James J. Gildea, Dr.
F. Barrett, George Olson, D. Sherrin, Dr.
Cooney, F. Smith, T. J. Lynch. W. Wil
son, W. O'Neill. George E. Gallagher, E.
Mitchell. T. O'Brien. T. P. Crowley, Dr.
J. Spottiswood, W. Kearney and Dr. Mur
ray.
THE VERDICT ON THE
MYSTERY WAS SUICIDE
CORONER'S JURY INVESTIGATES
BERLIN'S DEATH.
Police Are Working on the Theory
of Murder — Trying to Find the
Woman in the Case.
The detective force has not as yet suc
ceeded in finding any clew that will help
in the unraveling of the mystery that sur
rounds the death of Gus Berlin, whose
dead body was found on Sunday night
hanging to the cioset door of his bed
room at US Eleventh street.
Although the Coroner's Jury yesterday
rendered a verdict of suicide, Detective
SiLvey, who was detailed upon the case,
has been unable to discover any motive
for such an act.
The condition of the body when found
indicated that he came to his death some
time on Saturday evening. Ke was seen
by his landlady on that evening and dur
ing the day had spent some time with
srouß friends who had worked with
In Alaska for the Alaska Packing
elation. All of these people say posi
tively that he* was in his usual good
La and In no degree in liquor.
The allegation that Berlin took his lire
i ecause or the refusal by Miss Hannah
Nf.-s. of 16<M Mission, of his offer of mar
. is exploded by that lady's statc
tnent.
She said yesterday: "I have known Gus
!:< rlin for seven or eight years and In that
time he has made me many presents, but
he has never once made me a direct offer
of marriage. We were good friends al
ways: i did his sewing for him and little
things like that, but he never asked rm;
to marry him. He did not come to visit
-me so often as the neighbors say. The
last time I saw him was on Monday, a
week before he met his death."
No clear story is to be had from Mrs.
Hart, Berlin's landlady. The statements
that she makes of the affair are contra
dicted by her daughter, and vice versa.
They unite, however, in saying that Ber
.in never came in under the influence of
Minor and was seldom in low spirits
'.bey also say that though they were in
'.• ir room, which is separated from that
■occupied by Berlin, all of Saturday even
ing 1 , they heard, no noise such as would
necessarily been made by tho dead
wore he dying from strangulation
Detective Silvey will continue his In
vestigation to-day; he hopes to discover
the woman to whom Berlin administered
o Bevere a beating on the night of Sep
tember 17.
SACRED HEART CHURCH FAIR.
It Will Be Opened by Mayor Phelan
. at Armory Hall This Evening.
'. The clergy and congregation oil the
Holy Cross Church and their numerous
friends arc making extensive prepara
tion for the opening of their fair at Ar
i mory Hall, corner of Page and Gough
: streets, to-night.
; Those who visit the fair may feel satis
i fled that they will be permitted to spend
I what they please, and will not be ■ sub
' jrcted to the annoyance of being tugged
and pulled to spend more, thus eliminat
ing a disagreeable feature of church
j fairs. Hon. James D. Phelan trill . open
! the fair with a few words of good cheer
I and friendship.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
POPULISTS
NOMINATE
REPUBLICANS
Go Over to the Enemy
for Candidates.
ANGRY AT PHELAN'S METHODS
EXFECTED RECOGNITION AT
THE HANDS OF THE BOSS.
Were Not Accorded a Place on the
Municipal Ticket by the Dem
ocratic Committee of
One Hundred.
The 3elegat.es to tho Populist Pnrty Mv- i
nicipal Convention, representing the Gil- j
-Klnne-Grlswold fusion ring: of the
party, met last night in Scottish Hall, j
L.arkin street, to continue the nomina- j
tlon of men for various municipal of- i
fiees.
At the Sacramento convention these
people fused with the Democrats and Sll
ver Republicans and there was a sub- j
division of offices, the Democrats carry
ing: off the major portion. The fusion
Populists thought that it was not fusion
alone on the State ticket, but that they
would also be recognized in the city. The
opposite was the case. They were not
consulted by Boss Phelan and "Whisper-
ing" Gavin McNab, the manipulators cf
the committee of one hundred i>>li chas
ers. The Populists had no place on the
Democratic ticket. The fusionists raised
a storm of disapproval which assumed
form last night In the nomination of two
Republicans on their ticket.
The men selected for preferment were
Martin P. Fragley, Republican candidate
for Superintendent of Streets, an.l T. J.
Graham, candidate for Police Judg3. The
total number of their nominations dur
ing the evening were six. the rem«ininr
ones being: James D. Pheiar. Demo
cratic candidate for Mayor; i 2. L. Fitz
gerald, Democratic candidate for Public
Administrator; E. P. Moga-i, Democratic j
candidate for Police Judge, and Horace
\V. Philbrook. The latter Is a candidate
for Superior Judge and has received no
other nomination.
After these names had been 'balloted
upon the following wore placed before
the convention to be voted jposi at a sub
sequent meeting: For Po!iC9 Judge, C.
A. Low; for Justice of Peace, Juhn A.
Carroll: Supervisor Sixth Ward, John
Lackmann; Seventh Ward, Dr. Kearney;
Tenth "Ward. Jeremiah Deasy; Eleventh
Wa~d, Dr. C. A. Clinton; Twelfth Ward,
Edwarc Aigeltinger; for Sur/ovir, Bcr
nar.l Blenfield; for Ooran^r, Dr. C\ C.
O'Don ell. The nominariorn for none of
th<. « offices were closed, as many can
didates tre expected to enter tl'.o usis
The meeting was called to order by tho
chairman. Dr. J. H. Miller. After the
minutes of the previous meeting were
read the report of the committee on in
vestigation of candidates was presented
by Chairman A. B. Kinne. The remain
der of tiic- committee is made up of
George D. Gillesple, J. W. Reay, Henry
Hupport and P. J. Pye. The report waß
to the effect that some thirty candidates
for office, representing both the Republi
can and the Democratic parties, had ap
peared before the committee and re
quested that their names be submitted to
the convention for nomination. The com
mittee reported that a notice had been
mailed to every candidate for office, noti
fying them that the Populists were ready
to hear their claims for the various of
fices. Many have already qualified, while
oihers visited the committee without do
ing so. Some had not received their no
tices.
Nominations were then declared in or
der, and Delegate Gillespie named J. D.
Phelan for Mayor. This was made unani
mous.
They were not prepared to nominate for
a number of offices, so they at once
jumped to the office of Superintendent of
Streets. The names of M. F. Fragley and
R. I. Doolan were both placed before the
convention. Fragley (Republican) received
122 votes, Doolan (Democrat) 22.
For Public Administrator K. L. Fitx
gerald received 138 votes and J. A. Drink
house 6.
H. W. Philbrook was nominated for
Superior Judge by acclamation on the
ground that he was a straight out Popu
list.
E. P. Mogan and T. J. Graham were
nominated for Police Judges by acclama
tion. Both were present and were escort
ed to the platform. Mr. Mopran said he
was in sympathy with the Populists. He
was glad of the coalition of Populists and
Democrats and predicted success for the
combination.
A number of candidates mentioned in
the foregoing were then placed before the
convention for future nomination. The
delegates will hold their meeting to-night
in Washington Hall, 35 Eddy street.
Those in control of the convention had
it in excellent work.ng order. Gillespie
and Kinne were on tneir feet continually
to head oft any effort at upsetting the
programme. The delegates fmm the
Thirty-seventh District were the only re
fractory ones in evidence. The trouble
commenced when a Mr. Mortality took
the floor. The question was raised that
he was not a delegate and had no voice
in the proceedings. His associates said
he took Delegate Morten's place. After a
short dispute the question of seating him
was referred to the committee on cre
bater on a delegate claimed that they
were railroading the work t .. rough, that
they were not acting aa a deliberative
);. (iv He was at onco subdued. The del
egates of the Thirty-seventh were cut off
In debate later, one of thTn shouting.
"Let her go; we will take our medicine?'
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' HOME.
It Will Be Established by the Board
of Relief to Help Beyond What
Subordinate Parlors Can.
At the last held session of tho Grand
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West it was resolved to estab
lish a Native Daughters' Home, to be
conducted by a board of relief to be com
posed of fifteen past grand presidents
and prominent members of the order.
The board Is to have for its object the
caring for the sick and destitute of the
order beyond what is done by the sub
ordinate parlors. The proposition at this
time Is to secure a suitable place in this
city In which a home can be established,
but as yet the matter Is in the prelimin
ary stages, as the committees of the
board are looking for a sufficient amount
of funds to warant thtm in opening
such a home and maintaining it for one
year. Already a number of physicians,
gentlemen and ladies of both schools,
have offered their services free to the
horn" and Alta Parlor, as a starter, on
motion of Grand Trustee Miss E. D.
Keith donated $100 to the board, and
Oro Fino Parlor No. 0 will to-morrow
night give a ball in Native Sons' Hall
for the benefit of the board. It is expect
it all the parlors will either make a
n ■: '• v contribution or devise some enter
tainment to raise money for the new ad
junct of ihe order, and that It will not
be long before the board will open its
h< me.
Sherwood Circle, C. of F.
Sherwood Circle of the Companions of
the i 'orpin has invited Its friends and
all the members to a:i apron and neck
tie party to be given In the social Ball
of the Foresters" building to-morrow
night.
EULOGIZED
THE LEADERS
OF THE PARTY
Democrats en Masse
Discuss Issues.
A GOLD WATCH INCIDENT
ORATORS WHO REFERRED TO
MAGUIRE'S POPULARITY.
After Disposing of the Railroad, War
and Bosses, They Fall Back
on the "Little Giant's"
Personality.
Democrats and adherents of other par
ties met in Metropolitan Temple last
evening seeking enlightenment on politi
cal tßßuea of the day. They didn't find
that they sought, but were impressed
with the fact that during the period of
his public life James G. Maguire has been
antagonistic to railroad interests, also
that the "Little Giant" was presented,
several years ago, with a gold watch and
chain, evidence of the gratitude of certain
litigants who had profited by a decision
rendered by the Democratic stanuanl
bearer when he was on the bench. In
consequence of the nature of the enlight
enmt lit received the "adherents of other
parties" went away unconvinced of the
merits of Democracy, and as the Demo
crats were convinced before they sought
enlightenment mutters stood about even
at the close of the meetine.
The lirst speaker of the evening was
Charles Wesley Reed. Although he failed
to electrify the audience, his address had
the effect of stimulating the anticipation
of the gathering, which had hopes of bel
ter things to come, in part he said:
"We are here to-night to advocate the
principles of Democracy. The Demo
cratic party is pledged to an economic
administration, which is an important i
feature of this campaign. The rank and |
file are compelled to pay the taxes to j
support the Government. The difficulty I
is that this responsibility does not rest at j
the present time equally on the shoulders J
of the rich and the poor. As the puor are
la the majority we should in consequence !
have an economic administration. When
we investigate the extravagance at pres- .
ent existing we cannot but help view the i
debased influence of bossism, and we now I
find the Democratic party wrestling with '
this problem. Any one can see the Re
publican party fathering tins institution '
i which is directed toward crushing the !
j greater institutions of our country. The :
i watchword of Democracy for this year ,
: is in consequence of this abuse 'economy
: and freedom from bossism.' The greatest
form of this evil is the rahroad. If the
; railroad wants Gage or Maguire it is said
i that it can have either one it wants. I ;
1 ask you. dops it want Maguire? The nom
i ination of Gage was not the work of the
. Republican convention, but the work of
its rulers, ar.d who are they? It must be
conceded that there are some leaders in
the Democratic party, but their influence i
is directed solely toward the furtherance
of honest principles and the nomination
of an honest ticket. They have the in
terests of the people at heart."
Reed then pave wav to J. J. Barrett.
Mr. Karrett euli.gized the standard-bearer
of the Democrats at length and won the
applause of the Democrats by character
izing Maguire as "the acknowledged !
chief of the anti-railroad forces." From
the railroad issue Mr. Barrett then drift
ed tn the great popularity of the Demo
cratic nominee for Governor, and in sub
stantiation of this statement referred to
the gold watch and chain presentation,
the gift of the jubilant litigants. Then
the war was touched upon by the
speaker.
"The Republican party has taken upon
itself all the glory of thp war." ho said,
"but that great strife for human liberty
was sustained and won by the valor of
the whole American people. Its purpose
appealed to no party prejudice and no
party prejudice was appealed to. In thr
deliberations preceding thf war the Dem
ocratic party contributed statesmen as
capable as those of the Republican party.
Wnon the issues passed from the halls
of the statesmen and on to the fields of
battle were thore no Democrats follow
ing the flag to victory? Call the roll.
When the gallant First returns thorp will
dp one Democratic hero we can name
without the roll, Colonel James F.
Smith."
The speakpr disposed of the war. rail
road and MagUire s personality, and RtP
phen B. Howard, a Silver Republican of
Minnpsota, was introduced. Mr. How
ard Is an ardont follower of Bryanism
and, although thp issues of the local cam
paign are at variance with the last na
tional fight, he opened his address by
stating that it was his belief that if the
Democratic party adhprod to the Chi
cago platform, under the leadership of
the great commander of Nebraska, the
people will rally to its sunport as they
did to tho doctrines of Thomas Jefferson
and Andre.w Jackson.
"Jefferson throttled thp bank monop
oly." he said. "We all know thp doc
trfnre of Andrew Jnr-kson. Lincoln
throttled the monopoly of human slavery
and this platform will throttle the gold
standard, the stock in trade of the vul
tures of Wall strppt. The silver ques
tion I will not refer to. It la unneces
sary at this time, but there is rvn issue
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MES. PINKHAM TALKS ABOUT "CHANGE OF LIFE."
Women are Urged to Prepare for this Wonderful Revolution in the
Economy of Their Life Blood— Mrs. Watson
Tells How She Was Helped.
::::::::::: :::':: i : : :- ■ - '*■'■'-■- no time is woman more liable to
:::::::::::±E::::::E::::::::3i:::: physical and mental dangers with hours
"' : 1 lIHIIHI IHIII lill 1 I I 11 1 IF ; ; ; ; of suffering than at the "Turn of Life."
1-- jm^ '.'.'.'. The great want in woman's system is
%'■'• <# )p **s*k. /s&&>. '" ability 'to properly adjust itself to the new
''"''•'• $L^/fy »"S^la :[ 5 condition • The outlet, monthly, of blood
■■'■ *&&f^il Vr\? 'I ■■+ * 8 now being diminished and carried into
:' ? pL<2» i** I '■'■'■'■ tlle bo<i y or the supply food of its V ter
: : : riT^^^&^^^^iv ■■ :: Daughters, you can now to some extent
"y^^jS ißLl^^Tin^y l:: repay your mot her's early care. She must
]<£mJB *!s&>? ±- be spared every possiblo exertion. You
- JTj^Y M Ja&P-'^ 1 ■ ■ ■ * must help her bear her burdens and anxie-
? "^f^^^VW^fe?!^/^/ I"'"' ties * Thiscriticaltimesafeiyover.shewill
X i vS±*'\ kJi^y^kq^J ■■ return to renewed health and happiness.
■""" if^^^i '" Vrr^ i^n^*^ " " " That so many women fail to anticipate
: : : " f s *yf ' /^^fc^-JBfSrw this change thus happily, is owing not
"-■-'/ it i^L_ "" l ?j ) $ merely to lack of care, but to igno-
' - "1 1 1' /^^l\\ ranee. i. There is, however, no excuse
: '/ It rzJ™ W/ or *B" norance when experienced ad-
~-f I 1 i~T\vl xlrs* v ' ce can be y° urs f re © of all cost.
/ / / Crc\ //\ Write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
// / ys^^^\» $LJL Mass., she has helped great numbers
/ / wyx//sfl fA °' 'women successfully through the
/ / Jrff\fflk\lf\ Change of Life, and she will help you.
/ / vf 111 ir \ li y d * a E - Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
f I u/In II I pound is the best tonic for uterine
' m/ ff 11 • I : changes. It works harmoniously up-
1 I Lf- ""^ on all these overwrought organs, in-
' ft ' vigorates the body and drives off the
Read this letter from Mrs. Della Watsox, 524 West sth St., Cincinnati, Ohio.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I have been using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound for some time during the change of life, and it has been a savior of ;
life unto me. I can cheerfully recommend ■ your medicine to all women, and I
know it will give permanent 'relief. I would be glad to relate my experience ;
to any sufferer." : ". ' -•';'::,' • . .' {>  ;
AsK Mrs. PiEkfiam's Advice— A Woman Best Understands a Woman's Ills
that even the Republican party admits
is an issue. It is one to which we can
not too often refer. We have just con
cluded a foreign war. The victories we I
have gained upon the field of battle
quicken the blood of a., true Americans.
In this campaign the Republican party
holds that it is the only patriotic party
and alone sustained the war. They con
tend uiat to cast a vote for the Demo
cratic party was to cast a vote in con- '
demnation of the policy pursued during
the war. There were no political issues
in the war. When upon the field of bat
tle the Republican toucheu with his el
bow on the right a Democrat, on the left I
i a Populist. Ihey say we refused to vote
for revenue to sustain the war. It is
false, but we did refuse to vote for reve
nue to sustain the bondholders. A par
allel can easily be drawn between the
wny we would have handled the war and
the way it was handled by the present
administration. The Republican plan was
to obtain revenue through levying a tax
on the small business community. In
this way part was to be raised and the
rest by selling bonds to the bond syndi
1 cate. What was our plan? The Demo
crats voted against t,..s plan. They
agreed that part should be raised by
taxing the producing masses, but they
i demanded that the corporations of the
j country should contribute to the glorious
cause. \\ as there anything wrong in
tin's? We vcted for an income tax to
sustain the war. The treasury has $42,
000,000 worth of silver lying idle in the
vaults. We a.-k. •<! that it be coined and
were branded as anarchists. Why? Be
cause, when it was in circulation the
banks reaped no revenue from it. Then
we advocated the issuance of $150,000,000
in greenbacks. This; was worse than
anarchism. Why? Because greenbacks '
draw no interest for bunkers, and, fur
thermore, they cannot lie controlled. As
the matter stands to-day the American
people have sudd led upon them $200,000 000
in bonds, on which they must pay the in-
I terest and redeem. What are we going !
Ito do? But one thing. Put the banks
out of the governing business. As such
has not been done we now have instead
of the party of Lincoln the party of
Rothschilds."
Reel B. Terry was next called upon to
speak, and as his effort deviated from the
w< arisome course pursued by other speak
ers, he gained the friendship of his au
dience, which demanded that he continue
when he was about to conclude his ad
dress. Air. Terry coniined himself to a
criticism of candidates and speakers of the
i Repu. xiran party, and naturally gained '
: the sympathy of the Democratic au
dience, which had tired of listening to the
praise heaped on Democratic candidates,
liut once did he deviate from the path, '
I and then he again referred to that watch
! and chain incident, which seems to be a
■ large feather in IVlaguire's boa of popular
ity. It is an incident in the life of Maguire
| Democrats do rot want the public to for
i get. That the "x.jitle Giant" is the owner
1 of a watch and chain he did not purchase
j strikes the Democrats forcibly and they .
| are using the fact for all it is worth.
"I heard Gape and several of his fol
lowers say that he i* not the railroad can- j
didate," said the sneaker. "Of course you '
know it is true! Nit! Barnes and Gage ;
want us to Lhink it is true, but as Mr.
Gage insists on traveling around the j
country with railroad attorneys and i
agents we must at least accept this as '
evidence that he is not at swords' points
Wi>h the giant -monopoly. I have known
Mr. Gage for ten years and I know he en-
Joys the respect of all who live in the
southern part of the State, but who I
knows him in this part of the country? |
Many others thought they were candi
dates for Governor, but as they stood
around waiting for lightning to strike I
them up bobbed Gage and he was nomln- I
ated by men many of whom never saw
him before." Terry continued on this
i strain much to the amusement of the
i crowd for some time, and then Introduced
I James H. Barry, Democratic nominee for
; Congress. Mr. Barry made a brief ad
; dres on the issues _of the campaign and
then retired. This marked the close of
the meeting, and with three cheers for
Democracy the crowd filed out to discuss
the issues around the dying embers of
! bonfires, built to attract and draw within
I the passing voter.
AT HIS OPPONENT'S HOME.
'. Tirey L. Ford Makes a Stirring Ad
dress at Bed Bluff.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 4.— A large and en
thusiastic meeting was addressed to-night
by Hon. Tlrey L. Ford, who made a most
favorable impression in the home of his
opponent by his eloquence, fairness and
I forceful argument. He urged that Call
j fornia should indorse the wise administrS
■ tion of President McKinley by defeating
the man who, as a member of Congress,
continually and persistently voted against
every measure the President wanted to
be passed. He spoke of the danger of the
6ingle tax being engrafted on the laws of
California, with the powerful influence of
Maguire as Governor upon the Legisla
ture.
Hon. D. E. McKinlay of Santa Rosa re
viewed the success of the protective is
sue in the last campaign, and declared
that if Maguire was not satisfied that the
railroad question is settled he would have
gone back to Congress from the Fourth
District. He made a strong plea for a
solid Republican delegation to Congress
from California and a Republican Legisla
ture, and showed the disastrous results
of Magulre's single-tax doctrine.
The meeting then adjourned with rous
ing cheers for the Republican candidates.
Read Explorer yon Brenner's ac
count of his interview with a canni
bal chief in next Sunday's Call.
A Home Industry Election.
Tho annual meeting of the American
Beet Sugar Association was held in this
city yesterday. The following officers
were elected for the coming year: Henry
T. Oxnard, Nebraska, president; J. Ross
Clark, Montana, vice president: James
Cofiln, California, secretary and treas
urer. A resolution was passed asking
the Republican party to keep the pledgee
in its platform as passed at St. Louis In
which home sugar was promised ade
quate protection. Annexation of foreign
islands with their pauper labor and trop
ical climate cannot go hand in hand with
the avowed protective policy on which
the Republican party came into power.
Bugar. tobacco, hemp and rice demand
their just share of protection and expect
to receive it.
:_ : j. . . ADVEBTISEMENi'S. ._-- •---■-
aj -».__ having an aim in view' and
OfiTlTllLlOn s - rictly> eternally and per-
ilWllllltll^ll sistently working to gam
-. J? -^v-i^ **. *+, ~* your object means progress :
AT TIIPOO''PPQQ there>s no such thing as
V/X JK/X \Jsb±l K/KJkJ standing still nowadays ; our
dry goods common sense
says that progress means : making every one at home in your store ■
comfortable, easy ; we practice economy at wholesale to practice
economy with you in retailing ; giving you such satisfactory goods for
such little profit when you first come to us that the very worth of
your purchases brings you back as steady day-by-day customers; we
have spent thousands — hundreds of thousands — of dollars in adver-
tising, and we are spending dollars every day preaching to you Hate's
goods and good goods are one and the same thing ; we would be
very foolish if we didn't practice what we preach ! '
fjvp ladies' all wool ker- 1 iirirlpn 'nr»ir»PC in child ren's
HVtJ se> jacket, navy J UIIUtJI pi lLtib 111 natural gray
15!plrpt blue and black, 4 linHppwpnr 1 jersey ribbed
Jd.UK.tsl buttons, box front, UIIUCI WtJdl v n dershirts,
attr»antirmc serge silk heavy quality and fleeced, silk
dill d-L/UUIlb lined, 32 to CR bound neck and front, sizes IQ/>
34 ***** 24 to 34 IeFC
ladles' tailor made jacket, tan kersey, ladies' white merino underwear, me-
inlaid shaped velvet collar. dium heavy weight plain and shaped
strapped seams, satin lined, 32 CIO shirts, high neck, short QQ/>
to 38 «JJlvr sleeves, drawers to match.... OcJV*
ladles' jacket, double breasted, of ladles' natural wool gray mixed un-
English whipcord, satin derwear, heavy quality, Jersey ribbed
lined, tailor made, sizes CIO fZf\ and fleeced, high neck, long sleeves,
32 to 40 ... . . tJIOtoU crochet neck and front, draw- SA/>
1 ers to match OUt
jacket, military style. (See our 15c table in Bazar.)
SiSS? ftoS*. . r .! d : $15.50 many new 5S ati "ha J« ba S'
cutaway tan kersey drOSS fabllCS d ' ln f &™ 11 *}?
t C iS h s J i?k k lined CI Fr e ench-$25.00 VUt We can get mffi? itSSi. o^:
(See our 5c table in Bazar.) maker had; got seven big stores to
domestic nnhiparhpd turk- sell tnem from, and what's more,
dOmeSllC ish towels cX * rimmin & s Unlngs to match.
inrlnppTYiPritQ 2 " x44 • us
maucemenis flared silkoline, r ibhOTl<: o-nlnrp four thousand
36 Inches wide, sixty patterns 01/* IIUUUIIb gciiUl c yards of all
and colorings °3W3 W wnrth TYinPfl silk - black
, , t , in -- . WUlLlllllUie cashmere rib-
ecru scrim, colored stripes, 40 inches : bon, used so much for dress trim-
wide, blue, gold, red, and | A/» ming, put on sale to-day as a feature
green stripes IVY to create added interest to a busy day.
a S"lftff colS, fancy StrlPeB 4C NX! %inn'w^!'s% in n 'w^!'5c C y y d d O °r r 50 C cc 3 a l Se e cCcc C c
a^e«r C^ r ?abiein- Bazar:, |£7.ij % , wid. %»«»>* |ccc
millinery 1° addition to the dis- :;■■•;•■ »,••;•• ••/■ a piece
millinery play of Parisian hats, No. 12, 2i* in. wide, 12^c yd or $1 25
rlicnloTr we show the "Doro- ( :;•••:•,"».•, iL" •• a piece
UlSpiay thy" for dainty little ' No - *<>. 2% in. wide, 16 2-3 c yd or
r»ViilrlY>aTi'c dots, the latest rolling i $1 65 a piece
LIIIIUI Oil & poke headwear for I xi Warner's 5 hook platinum
Anxr children, elegantly ; llULlUllo corset steels in hlapk
aay trimmed in satin rib- drab and white ' m black '
bon, fancy ponpon. ruchlng CO extra long black hat pins, 200 pins on
under rim in front, and ties.. «**■*< a cube ;. ioc
"Tarn o' Shanters," "The Theo," and ladies' fancy and plaid, silk "frilled
"The Mllitaire" shapes for children side garters, with button clasp, per
also. ■■;:■;-■:. pair 25c
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
•ri% AMTJSEMENTS.
W^f^^^^W COLUMBIA THEATER.
\\¥/l !( IN.AINOE O'INEIL
1/ JL V-/fe^v %_3 and THE McKEE RANKIN CO.,
\£xsh ' '~JL/, |S*£\ To-Nlght and Thursday— The Domestic Drama
§AMITSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
IN/\INGET~O'INEIL
and THE McKEE RANKIN CO.,
To-Nlght and Thursday— The Domestic Drama
Friday and Balance of Week— "CAMILLE."
ySIVU My I \ NEXT WEEK— EVENT !
LAST NIGHTS OF NANCE O'NEIL.
/ I'M / A\~~*""' (7>l Elaborate Production of Rlstorl's
//• hi i I Ff ft ELIZABETH,
/ t nl ft r 'ir^l QUEEN OF ENGLAND!
IJ nJ |)\|-^'-* BALDWIN THEATER.
< JA MS* EVERY EVENING. INCLUDING SUNDAY
teb*^» FRAWLEY CO.
yy . ■ •■ M X M m AIM m ' m -* X V>V^*
>l . Augustln Daly's Charming. Comedy,
ARE YOU GOING TO THE BALL T "^^^™}H2r ilO ' '
T uic PVPNIMT. 1 ) ±JI^AJ*CHE BATES AS VERA.
i nio tvtwiniu , AN unusually fine hit:
or calling upon your best Rirl? Then Regular Frawley prices, 25c, 50c, 78c and $1.
you want a shirt front that is Immacu- Next play. "THE dancing girl."
late in its snow - whiteness, and collar " ; : ;
and cuffs without fray. It isn't nee- DiinWilV THE A TED CDEriil
essary to pro de new ones for every OALllTYlil IDEA ILK JIEWIAL.
particular occasion, if your laundry
work is dona up here, as . c send them ~, •■•lr •■-/« c ; '■'» ''■'■'
hme at all times rs fresh and fault- The MUSICa! Event 01 the SeaSOfl !
les^s in olor and finish i. v.-hen new. THURSDAY AFTERNOON, OCTOBER «.
The United States Laundry, office At »:3o o'clock.
1004 Market Street Telephone Grand Concert Given by
South 42ft PODDIE ROSS,
AMUSEMENTS. „,■ *^**j
. lir . _ . _____^ ■ —~ The Eminent Soprano, Assisted by
gp. HUGO MANSFELDT,
IL>k^W£\fiv\j!i*S. fl^^^Kftlk Pianist, and a Symphony Orchestra of 33 Pieces,
L. YON DER MEHDEN JR.
M r, /m J J V M . r SeatS * 2'2 ' ?1 M > ** and 50C - NOW 0H Sal «-
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), Oct. 5 — — — —
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; «* ALH AMBR A.
dren, 10c, any par t; ML-II Ml VI DXA t
CAWTHORN and FORRESTER. In a great Corner of Eddy and Jones streets. Tel S. 435.
I^^4^*S*Baffi Received With Uproarious Applause!
MULVEY and INMAN, Character Change*. L rv
CARPO BROS.. Wonder Gymnasts. _ ROBERT DOWNING AND COMPANY
MRand MRS R^ J. AUSTIN and COM- In the "GLADIATOR."
PANT, ANGLO-AMERICAN QUARTET. ,n. D _ nn-uic * m j i\ir»iww» cr n.rcr.
LEW HAWKINS, Monologist. GEO. BONIFACE and INONNA FERNER
THE PAOLIS and DOG. ■ In a Comedy "A GAME OF LOBBY."
THE BIOQRAPH. new view*. WILL S- RISING AND COMPANY
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. 1q offenbach . B Sparkling Operatta "THE ROSE
— — — ~~ OF AUVERGNE."
HANYnflflflAJfl fill A %TTi OPERA FOUR OLIFANS-Contlnental 'Eccentrics.
MuROSGu S ITU /I 19 house LILLIAN smith Champion Rifle Shot of th.
4tAUI«UDvv P W&vnlx&t HOUSE world. t
T Ainm Mokosco, Sole Wo and Huwu sg§&SE I TSStI3S?/ "iXi?SSL* M "
. - THE SENSATIONAL AUSTINS.
Second week of THE HUMAN FLY, AIMEE.
w*n*B=r<r» AA DnAnHV POPULAR PRICES.
AIVIIIO DKUrllYt Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Elaborate production of McKee _ ... great j25 cents. Children 10 cents, any seat.
Elaborate production of McKee Rankin a great — '. 1
i.TUC niluTuiAV Ifllircfi TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Inr HillluWuT Wlrr Mr - Erne »' lne Krellng. Proprietor and Manager.
I 111- llUBinfff n i III! L. THIS NINa
NEW S b dOme^l COm^ONaCAST. »> rVTSfM^ A W^i O
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861. THE °^™ cast.
Reserved Seats, . . . 25 and 50C. New scenery. Correct Costumes. Superb Che-
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOC. | Ms and Magnificent Orchestra.
MATINEES SATUROAY AND SUNDAY GRAND MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
IWAI HME.E.& axmnnniHnuauwuni XT WEEK— Opening of THE COMIC
_ _ ___„_ OPERA SEASON. The new operatic fantasie.
A T- /*"* A HF A T» BKAT3BTPHONS "THE CIRCUS QUEEN."
A I LjA/jAr\ Main 254 • Mirth. Melody. Dance. •
Jr\M—4\i/ r~%.M-4JT*.*.\ main *«O<*. popular prices, 25c and We. N. B.— A reserved
seat for the matinee 25c. . Our telephone Bush 9.
LAST WEEK • : — = : •
of N. C. Goodwin's character play, . CIITDn DATUC
Cii V.- ' „ °P en Daily from 7AM.to6 P. M. Darin*
REBERVED IC C Vi e 35C, 50C. th Winter Season.
SEATS I3C » 3Cf *. ' '„ ADMISSION lOc ---- CHILDREN 5o
Next week Belasco and De Mllle a exquisite Bathing, with admission, 25c: children, 20c.
play, "THE WIFE." ■ i
~COMEDY_THEATER. f^^TZZS* VITA lIC
ViUmCul i t-i\. l^raißßk nOIUII ' Ml i Hi wft>?
rO-NIGHT MATINEE TO-DAY— EVENT. fe^^J^jf^^ WI I SiLllJ
TO-NIGHT THE GREAT MILITARY EVENT. Mtfftf >•> 11 /**«k ■» ■ ""■''
THE JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY l m » /^O3k TUFNFW
the signal ofTibertFy. SS^feOT FRENCH..
Every Evening:. Souvenirs for All Saturday VITAIIQ aOUI D *'- jC ' M BFUPAU
Prices alwa a y r siiven?n > g. M ? ! fc. n^. 35c and 50c. B^feiK" , RE^f D ■ »
4S, 25c |o an p^rt- gaUery «g . . ffi^WlBS^s^"^^SSSSl^^ -
Coming— Charming LLARA THROPP. , FVnrer and Mling Memory. Ward* off In«»nitT snd Con.iumpi
-— -; — — — : " ~~ — ~ j Won. Cum when all others fail. In»ist on haying VITALIB,
rilllTPC AlWrk' Ti~\r\ ;no other. C»n be carried in th* vest pocket. By mail $1.00
1 ClllJ 1 tlO AIMJ ZUUt per paok«f. or nix for $5.00 with a curnnte« to Cure or -
. • : KefuiKl the Money. Cirenlar Free. Address '•'
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. | CALVMET CURE CO., 884 Ocarbara St., CUeac*
SANKEY BROS., :. j Bold by Owl Drue Co.. a P.. and Oakland.
High Pedestal Gymnasts. "~" - ~~i ■■. ■ . ■ : .■-■.-■-. T
SILVER AND WYATT: AGNES CASTOR. So- rtl^P|lSTnß^3W!lßT'FClirr3f^n?V P^
prnno: MAKING. Vnaye'a Pride; "I'OUNG Wftl fn H WMPIM ' J i*Bi B SW
BANDOW"; JAPANESE ACROBATS ■ A Btal IB» ItIUUS ndl 1■ t *
3EESIX BABY ALLIGATORS IN THE ZOO! I «Slm4ls^^»^*r4lMi^^ I
SHE SIX BABY ALLIGATORS IN .EB ZOO! I iftr.llm Qfl if jfflff HBIP 1
10c lncluUlriK Zoo and Theater. Children sc. < riil M X «vffia*» — '
W^WEM^^ 77 ' I Weak Men and Women
RENE FRANKLIN! IRENE FRANKLIN! JSHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
And 10 all-star acts. X' great Mexican remedy; gives : health and '
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY, strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 : Market.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat weaker and Barley steadier.
Oats firm and active.
Corn and Ryo steady.
Hay advanced. Straw firm.
Ueans and Seeds unchanged,
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter higher. Cheese and Eggs unchangwl.
Poultry steady. Game selling well.
Peaches and Grapes firmer.
Melons lower.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Dried Fruits still dull.
Provisions very quiet.
Hops strong and selling well.
Wo.il still dead. ■"• steady.
No further change in Meats.
Oils as before.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial under date of
September 27, says: "There Is no change in
the raisin situation, as compared with last
reports. Handlers are uncertain what to do
until the association announces its course as
to future prices. There Is still considerable in
quiry for good for September shipment, but
none are obtainable. All supplies are exhaust
ed up to October 8, when the change in price
Is liable to occur. The trade grumbles, but Is
powerless, and business must be done as the
association dictates. Unquestionably the asso
ciation will suffer in consequence, but that
doesn't hinder the fact that eventually all
raisins will move Into consumption, regardless
of the price, because people will have them.
There is some call for last year's crop, but
not sufficient to exert much influence. For
eign poods are meeting lair demand at un
changed prices.
"Prunes are perhaps the chief center of In
terest In dried fruits, bo far as trade is con
cerned. It appears that the output will bs
much smaller than has been anticipated, and
there is a probable increase in price ahead.
No Important sales ware announced yesterday,
either of spot or to arrive; but additional in
quiry seems to be developing, and the prospect
for Improvement is encouraging.
"Apricots are meeting considerably increased
domestic, as well as export demand, but trade
Is restricted b ■ small offerings. Prices are
above buyers' views, but holders insist upon
present figures, believeing that they will be
able to get whatever they ask later. Peaches
are in much the same position. Supplies are
small, but spot and future prices are so high
that trade Is restricted. Demand appears to
be enlarged, however, and prospects tor better
trade Is Improving."
COAL RECEIPTS.
Receipts of coal at this port for the quarter
ended September 30. and for the year to Octo
ber 1 are furnished by H. T. Emery, secretary
of the Merchants' Exchange.
July 1 to September 30, inclusive.
From. FOREIGN. Tons.
British Columbia 09,934 i
Australia 67.677 :
Great Britain 17,501;
Total 185. 112
DOMESTIC.
Washington 149.117
Oregon 9.215
Eastern 13,C?3'
Total 171,425 J
Grand total for quarter 356. "37
For the calendar year to October 1 the coal ;
receipts from foreign ports were 550.190 tons, j
domestic ports, 485,53 tons, making receipts
from all sources for the nine months 1.0t5C,700 I
tf'HS
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
Produce Exchange call sales In September '
were 156.900 tons Wheat and 15.300 tons Barley,
and for the first three months of the current I
cereal year 446,600 tons Wheat and 66.300 tons
Barley.
IMPORTS OF SUGAR! * j
Imports of Hawaiian Sutra r in September were !
24.577.000 lbs. against 21.000.000 for the same
month in 1897.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Red Bluff, «6; Sacramento. 66:
Fresno, 70; San Luis Obispo, 74: Independence,
64; Los Angeles, 7S: Ban Diego, 6S; Yuma. 86.
Ban Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
63: minimum, 51; mean, .7.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There Is an area of high pressure over the
Rocky Mountain and plateau regions while the
lowest pressure is In Southern Arizona. There I
has been a general rise in pressure except alon< ■
the southwest coast of California and In South- j
crn Arizona.
There has been a general rise in temperature
over the Pacific slope, the greatest being In
the Sacramento Vailey and Northern Nevada. ;
The temperature Is still considerably below the I
normal.
The weather Is clear except partly cloudy in i
Washington. .
Light rain Is reported from the Puget Sound I
country and along the Washington coast.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
•weather in California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 5, 1898:
Northern California — Fair, wanner Wednes
day; light, variable winds.
Southern California — Fair, warmer Wednes
day; fresh northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Utah — Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, wanner i
■Wednesday; fresh northwest wind.
Bpectal from Mount Tamal pals— wind i
northwest. 6 miles; temperature, 54; maximum
temperature, 60. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Considerable Irregular
ity marked to-day's operations In the stock
market, but the net result was In favor of the
bulls, final prices showing sharp gains in many
cases. Elements of strength included the St.
Paul statement for the fourth week of Septem
ber, gold engagements presaging further ease
in the monetary situpatlon and more general
commission houae buying. St. Paul was taken
In hand at the outset and lifted eharply, but
improvement In the general list was arrested
by Irregularity in the specialties. The market
generally speaking did not take on a decisive j
tone until the late session, when heavy buying :
orders were executed all around, which ad- I
vanced prices materially. Evidence that lead- \
Ing interests were supporting their favorites I
created uneasiness among the shorts and large ;
lotß were taken in. This likewise influenced
outside demand which had been eliminated from
the market during the demoralization of the
specialties. The bears attempted to make capi
tal out of the closing of the Tradesmen's Na- I
tlona! Bank, but it was not an effective card, !
as after a period of dullness, following the !
announcement, prices worked up slowly until
the movement assumed large proportions in the
late afternoon. The futile efforts to bring about •
b. substantial reaction, combined with the ready
absorption of all offerings, infused a more hope- |
ful feeling which became Intensified as addi
tional encouraging traffic statements came to
hand. Some lines reported a falling off In
earnings, but this showing, It was felt, would !
boob be counterbalanced by the elimination of i
certain unfavorable influences current at the j
present time. Tobacco pursued its usual wild
course, and no variations occurred In other I
members of the industrial group. Brooklyn
Transit made a conspicuous show of strength, ■
the stock being taken on expected benefits to '
accrue from the absorption of the Nassau road
and effective economies In operating expenses.
A concerted drive against Sugar late in the
day depressed the stock over three points and
halted the general market when the rise was in
full swing. Keallzation occurred all around,
but a better tone prevailed at the close, the
market ending steady.
The bond market to-day developed consider
able activity and heavy purchases were made
Jn the current active issues. The general tone
•was strong and a brisk Inquiry prevailed for
lome mortgages which usually do not figure
to any extent In the trading, notably St. Louis
and San Francisco liens. Total sales. $2,R50,000.
Considerable activity developed In United
States threee to-day, a gain being made of %.
per cent to 105%. Bid quotations of all other
issues were unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 454, 46S
Bharep, including: Atchison preferred. TOSS; Bur
lington, 13.560; Manhattan, 27,950; Northern Pa- i
clflc 27 BOO; do preferred, 6130; Rock Inland. 16,- |
82.-.- Ynlon Pacific. 2950; St. Paul. 28,950; Union j
Pacific preferred. 12,700; U. P. D. and N. 0.. ,
•995; American Cotton' Oil 9765; American To
bacco 115,450; Chicago Great Western. 5700;
P.-ople's Gas, 11,235: Sugar. 59,950; Leather pre
ferred, 3455; Rubber, 11,385.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12* St P M .& M IK
Do prefd 32% So Pacific 23V4
B& O. 2d ast pd. 41 So Railway 8%
Canada Pacific .. 86% Do prefd 33V*
Canada Southern. 6$ Texas <fc Pacific. 13-H
Central Pacific .. 25 Union Pacific 33i4
Chen & Ohio 21% Do prefd 6-»4
Chi & Alton 163 |f P I) & G 3*
Chi B & Q 114v4;Wabash R
Chi &E IU 53>4 Do prefd 21
Do prefd lO.'i |W&LE,2d ast pd. 3%
C C C & St L.... 40Vtj Do prefd 19
'Do prefd 82 I Express Companies*—
Del & Hudson... 106%. Adams Ex 122
Del L & W US I American Ex — ISO
Den & R G lS^U'nlted States .... 40
Do TM-efd 55 |Wf-lls Fargo 125
Erie (new) 13% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd.... 35^ A Cot Oil 3."%
Fort Wayne 170 Do prefd 85%
Gt Nor prefd 135 Amn Spirits 12*4
Hocking Valley... 5* Do prefd 34
Illinois Central .. 11l Am Tobacco 126% 1
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Do preid 123*
Do prefd 69M, People's Gas 103
Lake Shore 192% Cons Gas 173
Louis & Nash 55 Com Cable Co 165
Manhattan L 93's Col F & Iron 21%
Met St By 157% Do Drefd SO
I Mich Central .... 107 Gen Electric 81%
I Minn & St L 26 Illinois Steel 69
Do Ist prefd.... SSV*. Laclede Gas 48V4
Mo Pacific 33 Lead 32%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 Do prefd 109%
Mo X & T 10% Nat Lin Oil 3
Do prefd 32% Haw Com Co 3354
Chi Ind & L 8% Pacific Mall ..... 32%
Do prefd 29% Pullman Palace... 190
N J Central 91% Silver Certificates 61
N V Central 116 Standard R & T. 6%
N V Chi & St L. 12Vi Sugar "5%
Do Ist prefd 60 j Do prefd 107
Do 2d prefd 33 T C & Iron 27%
Nor West 13% U S Leather 6Vi
No Amer Co fi\i Do prefd ........ 64?%
No Pacific 42 U S Rubber 69
Do prefd 76% Do prefd 101%
Ontario & W 15% West Union ..... 91%
Or R &■ Nay 55 C & N W 130%
Or Short Line 25 Do prefd 175
Pittsburg 16* St L& S W 4%
Reading 17% Do prefd 11%
Do Ist prefd.... 42% G W 27
Rock Island 102 , Do prefd 65
St Louis & P F.. ■ 7% Brooklyn R T.... 65%
Do Ist nrefd.... 64 Chicago O W 14%
Do 2d prefd.... 30"i Pac C Ist prefd... 82
St Paul 307% i Do 2d prefd .... 61'
Do prefd 154 Minn Iron 95
St P ft Om 78%|Intl Paper C 0.... 63
Do prefd 157 I Do prefd 87
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 105% N J C 5s 113%
0 8 new 4s reg.. 126% N Carolina 65... 122
Do coup 126% Do 4s 103
i L* S 4s 110% No Pac lsts 116%
Do coup 110% Do 3s 67
Do 2ds SS% Do 4s 100%
U a 5s reg 112% N V C & St L 4s. 105
Do 5s coup 112% Nor & W 6s 123
District 3.65s 117% iNorthwstm cons. 142%
Ala class A 103 | Do deb os 120
Do B 107 O Nay lsts 115
D C 100 O Nay 4s 99%
Do Currency ... 104 O S Line 6s tr.... 127%
Atchison 4s 93% O S Line 5s tr 117
Do adj 4s 71% i Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Can So ids 103% Reading 4s 82%
i Chi Term 4s S9?giß G W lsts SSH
C & Ohio 5s 115% St L & I M C ss. 96%
i C H & D 4%s 104% St L & S F G 6s. 119%
D & R G lsts.... 110% St P Con 152
D & RG 4s 97 St PC & P lsts.. 11S%
East Terni lsts... 106 Do 5s 117
i Erie Gen 4s 75"(, So Railway 05.... 97%
| F ,V & D lsts tr. 75 Stand R & T 65.. 75%
C,,>n Klpc os 109 Term new set 35.. 52%
G H & 9 A 65... 104 Tex PL G lsts... 106%
Do 2da 106 Do Rg 2ds 45%
j II & T C 5s 110% 1 Union Par 4s 98%
i Do con 6s 112 VPD & O 65.... 77%
lowa C Ist* 1084 Wab Ist 5s 111%
La new cons 45.. 105 Do 2ds SS%
L & N l*nl 45.... '''"•» W Shore is 109
Missouri (is 100 Va Centuries 77
: M X & TMs 62% Do deferred .... 6
Do 4s 88> Wis Cent lsts... 56%
N V Central Ist?. 116%
MINING STOCKS.
: Chollar 15 Ontario 3 50
Crown Point 12 Opnir BO
Con Cal - Va 70 Plymouth 12
I Deadwood 3". Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry... IS Do orefd 350
Hale A- Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada 75
: Homestake 4." 00 Standard 1 75
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 20
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket.... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 57
Cnl! loans 2 (£3% Sd El Tel IPS
Time loans 3".?i4-- >n El pfd new. 169
Stocks - Atcbson prefd ... 23%
a T & s F 12% Bonds—
Amer Sucar 115% Atchison 4s 93
Do prefd 107 Mew Eng 6b 113
! Hay State Gas... 1% Oen Elee is l^S
Bell : hone... 279 Wls Cent 6s 125%
Boston & Albany. 242 Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine. 163 Allouez Mm Co.. 3%
Boston L 69% Atlantic 26%
Chi Bur & Q 114*. Boston & Mont.. 230
! Fitchbur^ 104% Ilutte & Boston.. 23
1 Gen Elec new M ; Calumet & Hecla. 580
Illinois Steel 7-3 Centennial 17%
Mexican Central. 4"| Franklin 13
N V & New Eng. 9» Old Dominion ... 25%
Old Colony 102 Osceola 57
! Rubber 33 ~u!nev 117 j
i Union Pacific .... 3414 1 Tamarack 170
West End 85% I Wolverine 25%
Do prefd 107 Parrott 23%
Wtstinrhouse El. 3">Vi 'Humboldt ■«%
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4— The Evening Post's j 1
London financial cablegram says: The stock ' 1
markets here continue'! stagnant to-day, but j f
the tone was fairly good. Gran.l Trunk was j i
good on traffic reports. More attention wai ; !
given to Americans in the belief that New I I
York liquidation of the unwieldy Industrials !
Is virtually complete and that Wall street Is
consequently healthier.
The Continent again bought American*.
Operators also lent some support. The advance
was led by St. Paul on the bull talk of Presi- j
dent Miller. It was also reported that leading ; '
Wall street operators were buying St. Paul | I
here, where the position can more easily be ;
carried. New York again sold this evening, j.l
but the reaction was not material. J
To-day's advance of '» In the discount market I
here is due to anticipation of a possible rise •
In the German bank.
American bills are coming forward more 1
freely.
MADRID. Oct. 4.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 65.90. Gold was quoted at 50.50. ;
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. SS%; Grand Trunk. 7%. Bar !
Silver, flat. 27T4d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent, i
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES. \
NEW YORK, Oct. The Earl Fruit Com- !
pany sold California Fruit as follows: (
Grapes— Malagas, 70c@Jl 05, average 89c: To- ;
kay. 50c<ijJl 35. average 95c; Muscat, 75c. I
Pears— Bartletts, $1 25@2 70, average 12 60.
Italian Prunes, 90c@$l 35, average 11 15; Sil
ver, 11 20. ■
CHICAGO, Oct. 4. — Grapes, Anjou, $1 SSQI ' '
2 05, average $2 01: Clairgeau. $1 50@l 95. aver- : I
age $1 91; Duchesee, |1 05S1 95, average $1 84; 1
German Prunes, 94c; Italian. Jl<Sl 05.
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— Salways, 65c@$l, average I
$2c. Weather hot. Two cars sold. '
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit as follows: I
Pears— Hartletts, $283 box; Dey Dv Cornice,
$1 00&2 10; Beaurre Clalrgeaus, $1 95: Duches»c,
$1 SO; D'Alencon. $1 65; other varieties, $1 15@
$1 55. Grapes— Muscats, 75c' 11 65 per single
crate; Tokays, 65c(&Jl 60; assorted, $1 05@l 20; ,
Moroccos, $1 50. Quinces, $1 15 per box.
Peaches, SaJways, 40@90c per box; George's '
Lates. 40<§'6oc. Plums, Coe's Late Red. 75@86c 1
per single crate. Thirteen cars were sold. ' i
Porter Bros. Company's sales of. California I
fruit were as follows: :
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Grapes— $2 60 1
double crate and 55c£Jl 40 single crate; Black
Morocco, $1 45; Cornlchon, Jl@l 30; Black I I
Ferrara. 75c. Peaches— Sal way, George's Late, i '
j Bllyeau, Levl Cling, 43@S5c box; Strawberry I
I Cling. 45c. Pears— Winter Nellls, 66c half box. (
Six cars sold.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE. \
NEW YORK. Oct. 4— FLOUR— Receipts, 35.- ;
j 860 bbls; exports, 16,319 bbls. Market quiet and .
I barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 320,000 bushels; exports,
228,884 bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 72% cf.
o. b. afloat. Options opened weak, under re
ceipts and cables. After a midday rally on cov
ering and steadier Northwest markets, prices
: eased off on a heavy Increase in the world's
I stocks, closing steadier at unchanged prices In
i a final response to more covering; No. 2 red,
May, -.#(JBl4c, ' closed at 68c; December, 67 Vi (iii
67 IS-16C. closed at 67% c. ■
i HOPS— Strong.
WOOL— Dull.
PIG IRON— Unchanged. $7.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged: $12 25.
TlN— Firmer, but dull; $16 30.
LEAD— J3 90; brokers', $3 80.
SPELTER— Unchanged; $4 85.
COFFEE— Options closed steady prices un
j changed to 6 points lower. Sales. 10.500 bags,
! Including October, $5 40; December, $5 80®5 85.
! Spot Coffee— Rio steady; No. 7 invoice, GVic;
! No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, steady; Cordova,
; B@lsc.
t SUGAR— dull and nominal fair refining,
i 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-32; molasses sugar.
: 31/4 C. Refined, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8915 packages; firm;
Western, 15%i&20c; Elglns, 20% c; factory, lift®
14V4c; Imitation, 13617 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12.920: firm; "Western, 15%-;.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Oct. California dried fruits:
Apples firm, other fruits steady. ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6®.Sc;
prime wire tray, 8*40; choice, 9c; fancy, »Vtc.
PRUNES— 4© S^c,
APRICOTS— RoyaI ll@13c; Moorpaik. 12@lGc.
PEACHES— Unpeeied, 7@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Wheat started weak. A
report received before the opening , that Minne
apolis and Duluth receipts footed up 1927 cars,
1437 of which were credited to , Duluth, was a
body blow to bulls and started the. market on
a decline, December opening at 61%@61T4c com
1 pared with yesterday's close of 62'-i@62^ic. De
' cember sold at C1%@61%c shortly after the
opening.
Shortly after the opening, however, Northwest
receipts were corrected to 1203 cars. Instead of
1927. The price under the Improved demand
slowly advanced to C2Vic. This was the highest
point of the day. After 11 o'clock the market
began to sag again, but under news as bearish
as that received yesterday. Bradstreet's figures
on the world's visible showed 2,965,000 bushels
increase in this country and 4.200,000 bushels in
crease In and afloat for Europe, a total of 7.165.
000 bushels and more' than double the Increase
last year. It was far more than looked for, and
effectually settled the hope of the bulls for a
turn in the market. A more Influential factor
still was the total disappearance . during the
day of the October premium over December.
The primary receipts were again enormous and
helped to undermine the slightest bullish feel
ing that had struggled to find expression during
the early trading. The total for the day -was
1,968,000 bushele. Atlantic port clearances were
fairly good. 4.*8,000 bushels, but not sufficient
to counteract the effect of the primary receipts.
During the last hour's trading the selling pres
sure let up somewhat, and December, which
had declined to 61H®<51%c, recovered to 61%@
61% c and closed at 61% c.
j Corn was firm In face of the heaviness of
THE SATST FRANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBETt 5, IS9B.
wheat. December ranged from 29% to 29% c and
closed %c higher at 29%@25%c.
There was a fair trade In Oats. The mar
ket was helped by Corn and advanced slightly,
holding Its strength to the close. May ranged
from 22% cto 22%@22%c and closed J /»&Wc
higher. •
Provisions were heavy. Continued prevalence
of yellow fever In the South, disappointment
over the small decrease in world's lard stocks ;
and liberal hog receipts were all bear influences.
At the close January Pork was 10c lower,
Lard 10c lower and Ribs 5c 16wer.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. i/)w.
Wheat. No. 2—
October 62V* 62% 61$
December 61T4 62% 61%
May 63% 63!* 63%
Corn. No. 2—
October 29 29% 29
December 29% 23% 29%
May 31% 31% 31%
Oato. No. 2—
December .'.. 21 2Hi 20 •*
May 22>,4 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 7 70 7 70 7 65
December 7 DO 7 90 7 77V4
January 8 82% «95 BSS
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December-:::::::::: 4*«« i"wV4 i*«
January * SO 4 SO 4 ,0
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 522 4- 5 X 5 22',
January 4 621-4 4 62% *» 5
Close.
61%
61%
63%
291%
29%
31%
n%
22%
7 65
7 SO
8 87%
4 57%
4 62%
4 72%
5 22%
4 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: lour
easier: IE cents concessions granted. No s
Spring Wheat. 63ff,'.So: No. 2 Red. 62(^62 V*c .
No 2 Corn 29>-4®2 .i%c: No. 2 Oats. 21%@22c.
No 2 White. »4? No. 3 White. 23%@24c: No
2 Rye 44% c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b., 31@43%c,
No. 'l Flaxseed. S9JTS9%c; Prime Timothy Seed.
$2 30(H"» 32; Mess Pork, per bbl, J. So@- S». |
Lard? per 100 lbs, $4 6S@4 70: Short Ribs Sides ,
(loose). $3@5 30: Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed).
$4 BOSH 62%: Short Clear Sides (boxed). »5 3;.®
5 45; "Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon $1 25; Sugar, cut loaf, $5 77; Granulated,
$5 39. :
Articles- Receipts. Shipments, j
Flour, barrels 17,000 12. M0
Wheat, bushels :::::.:: 315,000 73,000
Corn, bushels 777.000 «4.000
Oats, bushels 564 000 1-4,000
Rye. bushels 43.000 8-.000
Barley, bushels : 154.000 ,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries, 14@19%c; Dair
ies. «<S-I7c. Cheese, steady. 7%@3c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— rtush«ls. Bushels.
Minneapolis 333.000 92.000 ;
Duluth 796.330 640,505
Milwaukee . 145.600 14.300
Chicago 318.1a0 -3.023
Toledo v 90.669 110 i
St Louis' . 75 000 50.000 I
Detroit .. 55.533 4.C62 1
Kansas City ••321,000 137.000 ;
Totals 8,118,281 1,011,000;
Tidewater- 2-11.070 24.900 ;
New York" \ 320.050 226 .5 M
Philadelphia 1«.»M 48.500
Baltimore 134.075 62,113
New Orleans "IyJH
Galveston 53.392 24.000
Totals 787 »91 365.377 j.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. :
Wheat— Dec. Mar. i
Opening •} f'M 5 5;
Closing Bo 6 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.- Apr.
Opening 47 40 «j;./a
Closing -....47 85 46 Ca ,
Wheat— MB « „
Opening " ?» « g
Closing .....21 50 ■ 2153 |
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. CATTLE— Prime cattle
were rather scarce, and brought $5 SO'S'B SO: j
good to choice. $4 45fz3 55, comparatively few '
being poor enough to go below $4 75; range cat- j
tle, $4 35© 4 75; choice range heifers, $4 40@
4 50. The stocker and feeder trade was active i
at $4 35©4 75: good prime calves, 1637 15.
HOGS— Were stronger to 2%e Metier. Sales
ware at an extreme range ~f $3 45@4, the bulk ;
celling at $3 70!§3 90; pigs sold largely at above
$3 40.
SHEEP— 10<?T15c lower. Prime lots '
were scarce and firm, a sale being made of PS
fancy native lambs, averaging well up to DO
pounds at $6. common lambs as low as $3 75. |
Great numbers of Western range lambs sold j
at $4 50@5 50, the feeding lambs sold at $4 50<5>
5. while yearlings brought $4 30(94 70. For
sheep the ruling prices were $2 5004 70 for na
tives and $3 50^4 35 for rangers, with feeding
sheep felling at *i 70<S'4.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs, 24.000; sheep, 19,- :
000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, !
16i*0 Market steady; native steers. $3 754]
5 50: cows and heifers, $1 2304 55; stockers and
feeders. $2 6006; bulls. S2 251&3 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 14.000. Market barely
steady; bulk of sales, *3 55@3 70; heavies. $3 M
©3 70; packers. $3 50*3 70; mixed, $3 50(g3 65;
lights. $3 50(g3 70; yorkers. $3 -65^T3 70; pigs. $3 35
(5 3 G5.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7000. Market steady; i
lambs, $4@5 25; muttons. $3 50@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA Oct. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts. SOOO. ■
Market steady: Native beef steers, $4 30(^6 30; ;
Western Pteers. $3 7ft'ct4 50; cows and heifers,
t3!??4 90; stockers and feeders. $3 60<S4 60; calves,
%i 5007; bulls and stags, $2 30(33 80.
HOGS— Receipts. S.'OO. Market a shade to 5c '
lower- heavy. S3 «o<ff3 67%; mixed. $3 62%«?>
3 65; light, $3 65@3 »■ bulk of sales, $3 62%® •
3 C. r ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 6900. Market active,
stronger; native muttons. $3 77,114 35: Westerns,
$3 80*54 20; Block, $3 50@4 10; lambs, $4 25®
6 "°" , DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1300.
Market steady and active. Beef steers. $3 SO®
4 25- cows. $2 50<iT3 50: feeders, freight paid to
river $3 50(jt4 20; stockers, freight paid to
river $3 7534 25: bulls, stags, etc., $2©3.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market 10c lower. Light
packers $3 66@3 70; mixed. $3 60*33 65; heavy.
J3 M)#S 60.
SHI.EP- Receipt*. 3000. Market firm; good
fat muttons, $3 25114 23; lambs, $4 25@5 25.
THE CURRANT MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— The Journal of Com- i
merce cays: Repeated reports of an advancing
market for currants In Greece seem to have lit
tle Influence upon the demand from consumers
on this side. The consuming demand Is not
urgent and In spite of strong cables from pri
mary markets no speculative Interest has so
far been shown. Intimations have reached here
that a considerable part of the crop has been
l rain damaged and even if the output Is 160 000
tons, as has been asserted, there will be a com
paratively small percentage of desirable fruit
to supply the trade outside of the winemakers.
One thing that is expected to help the sale of
currants in American markets this year, not- ;
withstanding the comparatively high prices. Is ;
the scarcity and high cost of California seed- |
less raisins,, which for several years past have
been In active competition with them. let i
there seems a good deal of uncertainty as to
the future of Greek currants and much de-:
pends upon whether the Russians will admit
them for wine making purposes as heretofore or
exact the proposed increased duty.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. Consols, 110%; , Silver,
27% d; French Rentes, 102f 30c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers . and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, nominally un-
C LIVERPOOL. Oct. 4.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California. 6s 4d@6s sd: Wheat in
Paris, firm; Flour in Paris, firm; weather in
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 l-l«d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — No. 2 red Western winter,
steady, 5s lid; No. 1 red Northern spring,
steady. 6s Id.
CORN— Spot, 3s 3%d: November, quiet; 3s 3%d.
FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter, steady, Bs.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changes in available supplies last
Saturday, as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the, Rocky Mountains. Increase 2.695,000 bush
els; Liverpool Corn News reports for and In
Europe, Increase 4.600,000 bushels; total in
crease, 7, 000 bushels.
— United States and Canada, east of tha
Rocky Mountains, Increase 664,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase 260,000 bushels.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, ♦307,890,714; gold reserve,
$243,087,647.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— The wool market continues
dull and the conditions ' are slow. Buyers are
few and are only purchasing for current neads,
which are small. Quotations:
Territory wools — Montana, fine medium ■ and
fine, 14®17c; scoured, 47fff4Sc; staple, 50@52c.
Utah Wyoming, etc., '.fine medium and fine, 14
@15c; scoured, 47@48e; staple, 60c.
Australian wools, scoured basis: Combing
superfine, 70@72c; good, CB@69c; average, 62@65c.
."' PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 4.— Exchanges, $384.
907; balances, . $77,637. ■■ v-
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. Dullness appears
to have settled over the wheat market and ex
porters ■ are not bidding up very freely, ■ while
growers ' are holding off. Receipts are heavy.
Walla : Walla, f>6@s7c; valley and blue stem,
60<a>61c. ■ . ...•:. . . - ..
Cleared — British ■ bark Invercauld, ■ for
Queenstown, with 87,360 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON. -
TACOMA, Oct. 4. —Wheat, club. 68c; blue
stem, 610
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
! Sterling Cables „. — 4 85%
i New York Exchange, sight — 17%
; New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 47% 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal at the
rates last quoted. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 14,552, against
76,650 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 45,800 tons, against 37,900: on the way
to this port, 157,230 tons, against 210,210.
WHEAT— The market continues soft at a
further decline. The demand is still very poor,
and ever"' idy is complaining about the condi
tion of the trade.
Spot Wheat— Shipping $1 15<jil 17%; milling,
$1 20@l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls. $1 16%; 6000, $1 16%; 2000, $1 16%; 2000.
$1 16%: 24,000. SI 16%.
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 IS%. De
cember—l6.ooo. $1 16. '■■
Regular morning session— December— €000 ctls,
$1 16%; 2000. $1 IC%: 10.000, $1 16%.
Afternoon session— December — 2000 ctls,
$1 16%; 24,000, $1 16%; 18,000 , $1 16%; 62,000,
$1 16%. .
BARLi. .'—The demand Is rather better, and
quotations are a fraction firmer.
Feed, $1 21%@1 23%: Brewing, $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December- 4000 ctls, $1 24%;
COOO. $1 24.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo ctls.
$1 24%.
l Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 24%;
2000. $1 24%. •
OATS— In spite of heavy receipts from the
north yesterday the market was active and i
steady, though dealers were unable to advance '<
prices. The demand for these goods has been I
first rate for some days.
Fancy Feed, Jl 27% per ctl; good to choice, j
$1200122%; common. $1 15(jtll7H; Surprise,
$130@132%: Gray, $1 17H@1 20: milling, $1 20ffj> !
125 per ctl:. Red. $1 Ss@l 45; Black. $1 45@1 65. !
CORN— Dealers reported a steadier- feeling
yesterday at unchanged prices.
Small round yellow. $1 25; Eastern large yel
low. $1 07'j'fi'l 10; white. $1 12.- M 13; mixed,
$1 0;.?jl 07% per ctl; California White. $1 15@1 20.
Steady but quiet at $1 2001 22Vf per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers' !
extras. $4ff4 16 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100; Rice !
Flour. J7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream Corn
meal, 13 25: Oatmeal $4 2": Oat Groats. 14 50;
Hominy. $3 23<8>3 50: Buckwheat Flour. J4<3>4 25;
Cracked Wheat. *" 75: Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 50: Boiled Oat* (barrels), $5 S5
(56 25; in sacks, $5 friifjci 05; Prarl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 60 per 100 lbs. ,
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues to work around
Into better shar«: and a marked advance In
wheat is noted. The other descriptions, though
very firm, are no higher, though they will be
very shortly If the present Improvement keeps .
up. Receipts are altogether Inadequate to the
demand.
Outside Hay is all cleaned up and will not
be quoted again until some comes In.
Feeiistuffs remain unchanged.
HRAN 113 '■ ■•': IP per ten.
MIDDLINGS— JISIS2O p< r ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley. $26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *°IT3I 50: jobbing.
f32.®32 50: Coeoannt Cake. $24025; Cottoniieeil
Meal. J550!30 per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50@24 50:
Crocked Corn. $21^2.".
CALIFORNIA H.-w — Wheat, $17^T'O 50 for
good to choice and 1154916 for lower grades: no
fancy coming In: Wheat and Ont. $ln(f?18; Oat.
*14«?i«5n: Island Barley. 112 50®14: Alfalfa, $11
912 50: Stork. 111 .]""' < '' >ver, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
None here.
STRAW— 4O®7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans arc quiet at unchanged prices. There
arc not many Seeds off Ting and the market
for these goods is firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 85^1 95; Small Whites. J2"?
2 18: Lanrn Whites. t\ B0«1 75; Pinks. $2 35^2 V; I
Reds. $3: Blackeye. $3 S»3 SO: Butters, nominal;
Lima*. »SJS©SSS; Pea. $1 9C(£I 05; Red Kidneys,
$2 F-n per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 SO*? < 78 p«r ctl:
: Yellow Mustard. $4(??4 25; Flax. i?fil 10: Canary
Peed. 2%5T2%c per lh: Alfalfa. s%fi'Rr': Rape,
2\iip3»Jo: Hemp. 2^^3c: Tlmothv. '^i^',c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 35@1 50; Green. $1 50
'<?1 7" per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes are In llehter supply and firm.
Other Vegetables show no further change
Of note.
Potatoes and Onions range about the same.
Both are easy.
POTATOES— 'OiSTA? for Early Rose and 4cf?r
ESc for River Burbanks: Salinas Burbnnks. We
<iin 15; Oregon. 7Ocffsl: Sweet Potatoes. l«fl%c
per lh for nearby and l%f?>l%c for Merced.
ONlONS— 4sffftso per ctl for yellow; Pickle
Onions. Mo£Ke per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3c: String
Beans MMc: Lima Beans. 7.'ci???l per sack:
Bay Squash. 55950 c: Green Peppers. 4M*6oe for
Chili ap'' 50(5?60c for B»ll: Cabbainv f.Oc: P»r
r.-.ts 3nff c <V P»r sack: Bay Cucumbers. 3.">tf?siV>:
pickles *1 7?<iT2 per ctl for No. 1 and »'<?! 25
for No. 2: River Tomatoes, JMMOc: Bay Toma
toes 50tfT"65c: Green Corn. 7Se4HI 2." net crate:
Garlic 3c per lb: Green Okra. EO4MSe: Dried
Okra 10c per lb: Eartr Plant, 40f?60c per box;
Marrowfat Prmnph, ? c^ll Per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, rnw, 12c r>»r lb In lots, of 25 lbs: sliced.
desiccate-! ififTlßc; grnni'lnted. rnw. IV;
Onions 60c: Carrnt*. old. 13c: new. l«c: Cob
hare. SfV-: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND CAME.
Another car of Eastern in Announced for to
day. Local stock Is In fair supply and steady
at about the usual quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15(!T17c for Gob
blers and t4OMo for H*>ns: Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 50: Ducks. 1408 for
old and $4@5 for young: Hens. $4®3; Roos
ters, young, tSO6; Roosters, old, $4 25^4 50:
Fryers, $4'" 4 60; Broilers, $3 S0«?4 for large: $3**
3 60 for small: Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 f.0«2 for squabs.
GAME— Arrivals went oft well at first-class
prices, and there was none left on hand.
Quail $2: Mallard. $"> 50®7: Sprig. $406: Teal,
$3^4- Widgeon, $2^3: Small Duck, $1 75©2 50:
English Snipe. $3i£3 50; Jack Snipe. SI 50; Gray
Crepe, J3 2."»i?3 50; Hare, llffil 25: Rabbits. $1 25
(S 1 ! 50 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Receipts of Butter during the past three or
four days have been insufficient for the regu
lar demand and the market Is higher In conse
quence. The market Is almost bare at the mo
ment, but Increased supplies are expected.
Eggs are dragging, and some dealers report
them weak.
There Is no change In Cheese.
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds, 28c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 25@26%c; common
grades, 22V4<g24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. ISfT2Oc; pickled . roll.
20(521c; creamery tub, 21@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@>16%c per
lb: Elgin. 22©22% c.
CHEESE— mild new. 10@llc; old. S%@
9%c; Cream Cheddar, 10(^llc; Young America,
10%(g!U%c: Eastern, 120130.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, .32 ! : 'ii"5c per dozen; store
Eggs. IS@2sc; Eastern, 15® 13c for ordinary and
22@23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches are doing rather better. Table Grapes
are also In lighter supply and steadier, though
there Is no advance. Figs drag badly. Ap
ples are easy and quiet. Very few Plums are
seen now.
■ Melons are lower all around, owing to a sud
den slackening in the demand.
Wine Crapes are In good supply, but are
selling fairly at the quotations.
Citrus fruits show no change worthy of
note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, J2©4 per chest for large and $7
@9 for small.
Figs, 40®75c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, 15976 c per crate; Nutmegs, 2'<<3)
40c per box; Watermelons, $15 20 per hun
dred for large and $10@12 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 3@6c per lb.
Quinces. 50@75c.
Pomegranates, 75c@$l 60 per box, according to
size.
Cranberries, $8 5C@-9 50 per barrel.
Ordinary Grapes, 25@50c per box; Seedless,
esig^&c; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes:
Isabellas, 40075 c per crate; Wine Grapes, $13®
16 per ton for Zinfandel and $10@13 for common
kinds.
Blackberries, $2 EQO6 per chest.
Plums, 35®60c per crate and box.
Peaches. 50(g'75c per box for good to choice
and 3f><Bi4oc for common stock.
Raspberries, $6(^7 per chest.
Apples, 35@»60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears, 75c@$l 25 per box; Winter
Pears, 35<gi76c per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $1 Eo©2 for Va
lencias, $1 25@1 CO for St. Michaels, $1 25 for
Mediterranean Sweets and 75c(^$l for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 60(g2 50 for common and $35j"> for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $s<&'6; Califor
nia Limes, ; Bananas, $1 25(^2 20 per bunch;
Plneappleo, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The dullness of thin market for fruits Is due
to the arrival of large lines of contracted goods
which dealers want to dispose of before work-
Ing on the new arrivals. Peaches are weak.
Apples are steady and Aprlcote firm. Prunes
are selling moderately at the established quo
tations. The Eaßt Is not taking hold of Prunes
at all, being skeptical as to the short crop.
Raisins sbow no chance, but an advance Is
expected on the Bth. Honey continues very I
firm. '
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 70>7Vic for 40-50's, {
sH@s%c for CO-COs, 4MsC for 60-7o's, 3%(34c for
70-H)'n, 3>i@3V.c for 80-90's, 2%&ic for 90-100 S
and 2@2Vic for 100-110's; Silver Prunes,' 5@7%c;
Peaches, 6<B>7%c for good to choice, B®9c lor
fancy and lO@l2Hc for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12<sri2'*,c for Moorpark; I
Evaporated Apples, 7i/4@7V4c: sun dried, *& '
4%c: Black Figs, sacks, 2®2&c: Plums. iVs& I
6c for pitted and ]@lV4c for unpltted; Nec- ■
tarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7e
for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2»ic for two-crown, 4c for three- ,
crown, 4)ic for four-crown, 4',^«6c for Seedless |
Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and $120 ,
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c. ■
Walnuts. Cc for hardshell, 7c for soft- |
shell: Almonds, s@6c for hardshell. 13c for j
softshell, ntrfUc for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@ .
5V4c for Eastern and 4', 2 c for California; Pc- j
cans, 6^«TSc; Filberts, P'-.Trlrtc: Brazil Nuts, |
B@9c per tb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per hundred.
HONEY— 10<gllc for bright and S"4@ |
9',^c for lower grades; water white extracted, \
7@7V&c; light amber extracted, 6@6Vic; dark,
54?5Vic per Ib.
BEESWAX— per It).
PROVISIONS.
The market is quoted dull, with plenty of
goods to meet the current demand.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B@SV&e per It) for j
heavy, S^iO^c for light medium, lO^c for light, |
lie for extra light and 12Vi.Til3c for sugar cured; ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V 2 c; California i
Hams, BV4c; Mess Beef, Jlo@lo 50 per bbl; extra
Men Beef, $ll<g,ll 50: Family Beef, $12@12 50; i
extra prime Pork. $10: extra clear. »IS@lB 50; I
mess, $15 50@16: Smoked Beef. Higl2c per tb. |
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lt>
for compound and 7',ic for pure; pails, 8c; Call- '
fornla tierces, 5c per It) for compound and 6»ic
for pure; half barrels, 7c; 10-It> tins, 7%c; 5-rt>
tins. Be.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, s"4@6Hc; packages l
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 In a case, 9>ic; i
2-rh pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-Ib pails, 12 In a I
case, B],ie;8 ] ,ie; 10-tb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lt> :
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7>/ic: wooden buckets, 2i) ;
lbs net. S' ; c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half i
barrels, about 110 It)!. 7^c per lt».
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops are strong and are selling well at the
quotations. The Oregon crop is estimated at
60.000 bales, of which about 20.000 were sold
early in the season, and 20,000 more quite re
cently at 8%®14c rer rb.
Wool continues lifeless at nominal quotations.
Hides are unchanged.
HIDES "AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, Be; light, BV2C; Cow
hides, Sunn.., ; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12(fjl3c; dry Kip and Veal. IDe; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, ir.'j2".c each; short
wool, 30@40c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool,
90c«g$l 10 each; Horsehides, salt, $2 for
large and JlfTl 50 for small: Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry. $1 50 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3>4@3V4c per lb:
No. 2. ::V:2'ic: refined, 4V£si:4?ie; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip, Southern Mountain, 7<*j:iOc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring Southern
Mountain, 12 months', He; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', S&lOc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12©14 c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@12c; Middle County, U#l6c; Hum
boldt and Mend.-. 14(&16c; Nevada, 10@14c;
Eastern Oregon, lC<&l2c: Valley Oregon, 15iJ17c.
HOPS— IS9S crop, ll@l2*6c; ISJ7 crop, nominal.
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Hogs are weak, but the predicted decline has
not yet taken place.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— quality, 6fi6"i;c; second quality,
s'sc: third quality, 4@sc
VEAL-Lar^e, s(j&6c; small, 6^<gßc per rb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, ti-jCjc
per It,.
LAM!)- Spring Lamb. 7%i@?c per lb.
: PORK- Live Hogs. ::i..',;:i. % for large, 3"£<s4e
for medium and 3Vi&'3>/£c <"or small; stock Hogs, !
2@3c; dressed Hogs, s^4®6>4c.
:
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags next season, j
nominal, at 4?j@sc; Wool Bag 3, 26-i}2Sc; San;
Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc. 0 ! -o and!
."■V tor the three graves of while and 7<jjsc for '
blown.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling- i
ton, $;,; Southiield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, ;
! $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
1 Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25 in sacks;
; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg-, $14; Cannel, $10
1 per ton; Rock Springs and castle Uate, $7 tiu; 1
] Coke, ill; per ton in bulk and $11 In sacks.
i CORDAGE— ManiIa, lOVic; Sisal, 9Vic; Duplex. I
S>;c basis. :
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries. $1 25@1 30;
Peaches, $1 35£1 «i); Peara, $135; Apricots, $135. j
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, bic®sl 25
Asparagus, $1 £o(^2 75; Tomatoes. Sic.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 15@17c for prime
washed; 14<&15e for good washed; 15<&16i.ic for
good to prime washed peaberry; M'ia-itlic for
I good peaberry, 12V*<&14o for good to prime, lOVi |
r <§llc lor good current mixed with black beans; j,
»glos4e for fair; S^iJSSc fur common to ordin
ary. — lU/jiic for good ■to prime j
washed; 9 1 >2'&llc for fair washed ;~ 12%@14c for,
I good to prime washed peaberry; SV4®9Vsc for su- ;
perior unwashed; S@S%c for good green un- ,'
washed; ll'^yllWo for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— «•('.' for good to supe
rior unwashed; nyil'jo for good to prime un- |
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican — 15
@17c for prime to fancy washed; li L »^iM4 1 -4C for .
! good to strictly good washed: 9li@l2c for fair
j washed; 7<si9c for medium; s@7c for Inferior to
] ordinary; \2<Stl6\^c for good to prime washed '
j peaberry; liyilVjc for good unwashed peaberry; i
' S<j?9\ic for good to superior unwashed. I
! PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se- \
lected, 4^c; Imitation Eastern, sttc; boneless,
| f>Hc; strips. fi\S)7''jo; blocks. sU©7c; tablets. ■
' 7Hc; middles, 6Vt@BV4c per lb; desiccated, 87^c
; per dozen; pickled cod. barrels, each, $S; pickled •
i cod, half-barrels, each, $4 60.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy. 2MT2SC per I
lb; Sole Leather, medium. 24@25c; Sole Leather, j
light, 23ifi25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24(f?25c; !
rough Leather, light. 23@24c; Harness leather,
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27®
30c; Harness Leather, light. 26f?2Sc; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40@45c ,
per lb; Veal, finished, 60936 c; Calf, finished, 75c ,
(Ssl; Sides, finished, 16 ''T17c per foot; Belt.
Knife, splits, 14@16c per lb; rough splits, B@loc.
California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates) ;
Linseed Oil, In barrel:", boiled, 44c; raw, 42c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter strain
ed, barrels, T'fic: No. 1. 46c: cases, 5c more; I
: China Nut, 47<i?55c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot !
! Oil, barrels, 6."c; cases, 70c; No. 1. barrels. 55c;
! cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white, :
40c: bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural,
j white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
; Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@ ;
1 35 per (rallon: wagon colors. $2@2 25 per gallon, j
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ll'ic per ;
! gallon: Pearl Oil. In cases, 17c; Astral Oil. 17c; '
Star Oil. 17c: Extra Star Oil. 21c; Elaine Oil. ;
22c; Eocene Oil. l?c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk. 13c: In cases. ISHc: Benzine. In bulk.
]2c; cases. 17c; S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c;
in cases. 2.V.
CANDLES— Light Candles— 16 oz,
7\4c; 6s. 14 or. f>\kc; 6s. 11 oz. 5Hc; 6s. 10 oz. ;
4».4c; Granite (Mlninp) Candles— 6s, 16 oz. B%c; |
6s, 14 oz, 7»ic; 6s. 12 or. 7'ic; 6s. 10 oz, 6Hc; j
Paraffine "Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s, 6s. 12s, white,
8c; colored. 9c. -
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6(f?7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 4*c: In Iron barrels, j
43c: In wooden barrels. 45c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 39c; raw, barrels, i
S7c: cases. 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— 50 per flask for local use
and *36"(7 36 '.'> for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany onotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7Hc: Powdered. 6^c; Candy 1
Granulated. 6»*c: Dry Granulated. fie: Confec
tioners' A. fie; California A. 5»4c: Magnolia A, j
6*540- Extra C, R^c: Golden C 5S4c: half-barrels.
V.c. more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— IO@I2c each for No. 1 and 6@Sc for
No. 2.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes $16 5O(!T1S: extra sizes, higher: |
Redwood. $13(5T1S for No. 1 and $13(f?15 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $2 15^2 25: Pickets, $15: Shingles, -
V. 50 for common and $2 50 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $17@23.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, October i. <
Flour, qr sks ... Wool, bales .;... 115]
Tallow, ctls 20*! Lime, bbls SI
Cheese, ctls . 99 Pelts, bdla 270!
Butter, ctls ..... X' Tides, no 447 j
Fggs doz ...'.... 6,42' tal«lns. bxs ..... 7,4F>2
Beans, sks ...... 1,362 Quicksilver, risk. 70 |
Potatoes, ska ... «H feather, rolls ... 44
Onions, sks ..... 897 Lumber, ft .'.:... 85,000 1
Bran sks . 100 Wine, gals 52,200 j
Middlings, sks .. 175 Sugar, bars 740
Hay. tons 289 Powder, cs ...... 10
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska ... 900 Oats, ctls 880
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.502|0at5. ctls ....... 11,700
Wheat, ctls 6,940 ! W001, bales 43
EASTERN. .
Corn, ctls ....... 60011.:....
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were quiet and rather weaker.
Local securities were very active and an un
usunlly varied assortment was dealt in. The
feuling was firm and prices were sustained as
a rule.
The Bank of California will pay a regular
quarterly dividend of $3 per share on Octo
ber 15.
The annual meeting of the Hana Plantation
Company has been called for October 17.
The Swansea Mining Company has declared
its twenty-fifth consecutive dividend at the
rate of 5 cents per share, amounting to $5000,
payable October 10.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany will pay a quarterly dividend of $1 so
per ."hare on October 15.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works will pay its
twenty-third dividend of 50 cents per share
to-day.
The mines of Eureka and Hamilton din
trlcts, Nevada, made the following ore ship
ments by rail for the week ending September
30: Eureka mines — Diamond 34,300 pounds, Ex
celsior 62,730. Industry 22,950. Jackson 31 400
Republic 13,550, Richmond 36,700, Standard 63.
070; from Hamilton— McEUin 74,610, Pascoe &
Jewell 74,610, Rocco— Lani & Co. 39.090, Rocco—
( Smith & Jackson 31,380.
STOCK ; AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct. 4—2 p. in. [
Bid.Ask. Bid Ask.
U>S Bonds— S F G & E.... 87% *>8
:4s quar coup,.110»Alll San Fran 3 —
4s quar ' reg..nio%llo% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
I4s quar new...12fi%127*4 Insurance—
i 3s new — 104% Firem's Fund. 2os —
i Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
| Cai-st Cab ss. 115%116% Contra vjosta.. 54% —
Cal El 6s 125 — Marin Co 60 —
C C Wat 55... 100 — Spring Valley.loo%lol
i Dup-st ex c... — 9S%| Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65...131%132%1Ang10-Cal 63 —
F & Cl Ry 6b. — 116% ißank of Ca1... 249 —
Geary-st It ss» — 100 Cal S D & T.. 96" —
H C & S 4%5.100% — First Nat .....205 —
L A L. Co 65.. — 100 iLon & L....129 —
Do gutd 65.. 99 10014 Mer Exchange IS 16
Market-st 65.. 128% — Nev Nat 8....160 165
Do Ist M 58.114%114% Savings Banks-
Nat Yin Cs Ist 97%'Ger S & L..1600 1650
N C NGRy 78.105% — Hum S & L.1C50 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 114 Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Oal 55. .103 — S F Say L.. 490 500
NPC R R 65.103 106 iS & L 50.... — SS
NPC R R 05.100%102% Security S B ;.00 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 5s 108%109% Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6s 126 127' ; California 103 —
P&CI Ry 65..106%107% Geary 45 —
p & O 6s 112 — Market-st M>4 54%
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Presidio S% 10
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder—
«ac El R v ss. 1M — California 125 145
SF&N P5 s. 100 "4 109% Dynamite... 85 I*
RlprraHCal 6s. - 1"6 Giant Con Co. 45% 48*4
S P of Ar 65.. 107*108 Vlgorft 2% 3%
c P Cal 6a 110V4 — I Mince laneous—
spri»«'ss!!- 104 IAI Pac Assn. .lo2 10214
I P Brfi '" — 116% Ger Ld Wk5..160 -
5 V Water 65.117 - IHana P C 0.... 18 ISM.
!S V Water 4* 103% - -H C& <* C 0... 34 34^
Stolon'".*.. 101* - Hutch S P Co. 58% 59
ofircftJSsssr- N« vTn A 6 SS S Sn :- "■
Cent I& P 7% 9% Oceanic S Co. 55% -
M.mml FlVo' 9* n Pacific A FA. 1% 2\4
Pac LCo 48 50 iSB «S <*...-..
Morning Session. .
ISS Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
320 Giant Powder Con « mm,
30 do do ■•••• ™ 5*2
1.-.0 Hana Plantation Co. is no
150 do do II 2°.
300 Hutchlnson S P Co ™ L
100 Market-street Railway •■••••■•; km
000 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
255 do do 14 00
300 do do slO ••••••;. ,?4 ™
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 11* »
10 Oceanic Steamship Co „'• i
5 S F Gas & Electric Co °< •''
110 do do 100 75
55 Spring Valley ™r::::::::::::::"":: Jpn R7V4
in do do v,3 37i!
JOOOO Spring Valley 4s Bonds in* •»'<*
$4000 S P of A Bonds 10 » XX
MOOO S P Branch Ry Bonds llu w
Street— no nn
10 Pacific Coast Borax me no
$3000 S P of A Bonds.. lus uu
Afternoon Session.
2" Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
100 Hana Plantation C 0.... iSSit
20S F Gas & Electric Co »' 2: -
20 Spring Valley Water 100 To
1340 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
ICO do do slO 34 00
lOOVlgorlt Powder | «»
100 do do • 2°°
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
40 Spring Valley Water 100 25
f.fl Market-street Railway 64 so
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
45 do do 3 * 25 !
Afternoon Session.
7." Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 33 75
15 do do 33C-% :
200 Vigorlt Powder '»'» 1
MINING STOCKS. J
Following were the Kales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 16 200 Ophlr 53
EOO Best & Belcher. 25i300 54
200 Caledonia 25J200 Savage 69
200 Con Cal & Va... 76 i 50 Standard 1.0
300 Crown Point ... 16 r0(, Union Con 25
: 600 Mexican 22.200 Utah 07
I Afternoon Session.
1 100 Best & Belcher. 24 300 N G & C 17
' .nr) 851400 Ophir 54
' 100 Clioiiar" IS 100 Ravage 09
COO Con Cal & Va... 77 400 Union Con ....... 26
400 Gould & Curry.. 21 200 Yellow Jacket... 20
, ICO Mexican -■- 201
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
I Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher . 151200 Gould & Curry.. 20
300 Best & Belcher. 24 300 Mexican 22
200 Caledonia 27 SCO Ophlr 63
HOG Con Cal & Va.. 7j!400 6
, 0 76 500 Savage 09
*{£ ... 74 200 Union Con ......'_ 23
400 Crown Point ... 16 800 Utah 06
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 15 200 Hale & Norcrs.. 95
-fCOßest & Belcher.. 25 200 .....:.. . 97
300 •••• • 24;3C0 Potosi*. ..'...-..:....: 17
* 710 Con* Cal & Va... 76 ■ 400 Savage ..:..: 08.
' 400 Gould & Curry.. 20 200 Yellow 1 Jacket... 21
200 •• I*l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Al ha 03 04 Julia 01 02
' A t r ,T a ... — <> 9 Justice 10 11
i Andes' '••• 09 11 Kentuck 02 03
1 Belcher"'"! 14 16 Lady Wash .... — 05
Benton Con 06 12 Mexican 20 21
Best & Belcher 24 25 Occidental - 85
■Bullion 02 03 Ophir 53 64
Caledonia .... 27 28 Overman 05 06
Phollar ... 17 lSlPotosi 17 18
' Challenge" Con. 17 I 9 Savage ...OS 09
1 Confluence .. — 60 Scorpion 03 05
Con Ca" & Va 73 76 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
• : Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 78 80
Crown Point . 15 16 i Sliver Hill - 10
C^n New York. 01 02 Syndicate - 03
Eureka Con ... 30 40 Standard 16 2 —
Krcneauer ... 02 03 Union Con 25 27
; Gould & Curry. 20 S.a£.-iaa: 06 07
Ha"c & NorcnL - 95, Ye110w Jacket. 20 22
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
No.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Hale & Norcross.
Eureka Con
Ophir
Savage
Bullion
113
1."
n
M
H
(..July 12|
..Sept. 4
..Sept. 9|
..Nov. II
..Nov. l|
;..oct. 11
..Oct. 3
1.. N0v. 23]
..Nov. 2S
10
20
i:»
10
05
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Wceot t Tlliamook Bay [Oct. 5
Cleveland- St. Michael Oct. 5
FmDire Coos Bay uct. a
N?tCaicity... Oregon Ports Oct. 5
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 5
Grace D011ar.... Yaqulna Bay Oct. 5
Del Norte ..... Crescent City Oct. 5
South Portland. Portland Oct. 6
Homer Newport : - -Oct. «
Mineola £ V •• Oct. 7
ChUkat Humboldt Oct. 7
Columbia Portland Oct. 8
Aztec 7 China and Japan Oct. 8
Newport./ Manila Oct. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 8
City of Panama Panama .................. Oct. 9
Walla Walla ... Victoria & Pugret Sound Oct. 9
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 9
Washtenaw Tacoma Oct. 9
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 10
Eli Thompson.. Puget Sound Oct. 10
State California! Portland . . : Oct. 11
Australia (Honolulu Oct. 11
Arcata ....... Cocs Bay Oct. U
Orizaba. Mexico Oct. 11
Portland St. Michael Oct. 12
Corona (San Diego Oct. 12
North Fork Humboldt ... Oct. 12
Navarro lYaquina Bay [Oct. 13
STEAMERS TO SAII,.
Steamer. ueßiinauon. cans. t-ier.
lavarro ...(Yaqulna Bay. Oct. 5, 5 pm]Pler 13
I'eeott 'Tillamook Oct. 5, 5 pmjPler 13
Jliance ...'Oregon Ports. Oct. 5, 10 am, Pier 20
.rcata jCoos Bay jOct. 6, 10 ani|Pier 13
r.rona San Diejco (Oct. 6, 11 amiPler 11
omona .... jHumboldt ....|Oct. 6, 2 pm-Pler 9
.lameda ...jSydney !Oot. 6, 2 pm;Pler 7
"W. Klder Portlan<l 'Oct. T, 10 am Pier 2<J
:. Nelson.. l Puget Sound.. Oct. 7. 9 am; Pier 2
[omer (Newport Oct. 8, 9 am|Pier 11
juern 1 Vie & Pgt Sd. |Oct. 8. 10 amiPler 9
an Bias.... 1 Panama lOct. 8,12 miPMSS '
hilkat ....]Humboldt ....lOct. 8, 2 pmjPier 13
olumbia ..iPortland lOct. 10. 10 ami Pier 24
anta Rosa. 'San Diego jOct. 10, 11 ami Pier 11
iaelic lChlna& Japan Oct. n. 1 pm.PMSS
otm Bay... 1 Newport 'Oct. 12, 9 ami Pier 11
tate of Call Portland [Oct. 13, 10 ami Pier 24
Steamer.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la .
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of |
mariners, without regard to nationality and ;
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the |
office, where complete sets of charts and sail- j
ing directions of the world are kept on hand i
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding i
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry :
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at ,
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ba.ll was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal, Oc
tober 4, 1898.
Forecast of wind and weather in the North
Pacific Ocean for October, 1898:
The sub-chart of Isobars and Isotherms for
this month, which appears elaawhere on the
chart, shows an almost permanent high with
its center near latitude 33 degrees north i«ml
longitude 142 degrees west, consi'Jerablj south
and east of its position for September In 1 con
sequence of this southerly shifting of Pillion
of the high area, the trade wind limits ma> be
expected somewhat farther south than during
the preceding month, and probably not so
Cl ln r tt she5 he m zo r ne between 35 degrees north and 50
degrees north gales, accompanied with rain
may be expected with greater than
during September. Out of 21*2 observations in
that part of the ocean included between lati
tude 35 degrees north and SO degrees north and
longitude 125 desrees west and 145 degrees east
24 per cent give a force of wind above o ana I
per cent above 6 (Beaufort scale), as against
18 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, tor tne
month of September. In the China Sea and tne
vicinity of the Philippine Islands rain squalls
and thunder storms may be expected. Squally
weather maybe expected in the vicinity ot tno
Hawaiian Islands and on the coasts of Mexico
and Central America.
Occasional hlehs and lows will be found
mnvirs In a general easterly direction across
the ocean. Generally, in front of the cyclonic
arpa. or low, the weather is damp, with ther
mometer rising and barometer falling: while in
front of the anti-cyclonic circulation, or high,
it is dry. cooler, and the ban>m"ter rises. The
"average storm track" traced on the chart
shows the average path of the centers of these
lows. .
The avernge low over Asia will have movel
off the coast to the southeast, with its center
this month probably over the Philippine
Islands, while the hiph which has been inrminK
to the northward will he found well established
and of considerable area. The northeast mon
soon will probably be found blowing steadily
and the weather dryer and cooler.
Typhoons are not usually so frequent in Oc
tober as in September. The paths of a lew
typical typhoons that have occurred during Oc
tober in previous years are shown on the
chart. :
After crossing the line coming, north vessels
bound for the west coast of America may ex
pect heavy rain squalls, thunder storms and
frequent wind squalls.
Fog and heavy mist will be found along *a%
American coast, less frequently, however, thnn
last month. Occasionnl fog may also be ex
pected north of tho forty-fifth parallel from
the American coast to th^ Kuril Islands.
CHAR. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High nun .. >w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 6.
Sun rises : 6:01
Sun seta • 5:48
Moon rises - 9:20 p. m.
tJTIme! iTimo! ITimel
if ,Feet. ! Feet. I !F
•JH W| L. W H Wl_
~6 4:16 3.6| 8:04 3.2! 2:14
6 5:40 3.7 9:06 3.4 2:57
7 6-59 3.9 10:34 3.61 4:00
8 7:30 4.1! 12:03 3.4' 5:24
I. W H W L W
9 028! 1.0 8:19 4.3 1:M
10 1:14 1.2 201 4.5 8:38
11 2:001 1.3] B:5S| 4.7| 2:42|
|Time|
hi w
Time
e et.
L W
. 5.0! 9:44
4.7 10:41
4.2 11:37
4.0
H W
3.1 6:45
2.81 7:54
2.3| 8:45
Time!
! Feet. I
4.
4.
0.5
0.7
0.3
; 4.«
4.0
I 4.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the 'lay, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
Inst tlrtr- of the day, except when th-=re are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
fiv»n a.rt> additions to the soundings on the
'nltpd States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sisn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth givon by the charts. The plane nt
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, IT. S. N.. Mer
chant?" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.. Oc
tober 4. IS9S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of th<» 12 n th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign fretired). U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 4.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, 29' hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alliance, Hordwiek, 10 days from Port
land and way ports. . .
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, . 63 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports. . - . ...
Stmr Corona, Debney, 61 hours from San'
Diego. - :;
Stmr Pomona, . Parsons, J7 hours from Eu- .
reka.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson 9 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Senator. Patterson. ' 39 days ' from Ma
nila, via Honolulu 9 days 18 hours.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rassmussen, 7 days from
Crescent City.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. October 4.
Stmr Curacao, Shea, Tacoma; Goodall, Perk-
Ins & Co.
Stmr Starbuck, Brugulere, Champerico; P M
5 S Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R Duns
mulr Sons Co. ' •
Ital bark Gulseppe, Sciacculaga, Sligo; G W
McNear.
Br bark Martha Fisher, Ferris, Sydney: J 3
Moore & Co.
Bark Alden Besse, Honolulu; J D Spreckela'
6 Bros Co.
Bktn W H Dlmond Nilson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels . & Bros Co. : .
SAILED.
Tuesday. October 4.
Stmr Gipsy. Glelow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Curacao, Shea, Tacoma.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Waldsport.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, Astoria.
" Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Aus stmr Slam. Ralclch, Nanalmo.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield, Tacoma.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, Rockport.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Nllsnn, Honolulu.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Guide, Olsen, Astoria. .
Schr Roy Somers. Sol land. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Schr Vega. Rasmussen. Port Blakeley.
Schr American Girl, Johnson, Port Gamble.
Schr Occidental. Brandt. Eureka.
. Schr Bertie Minor, Ravens, Eureka.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct. 4.— 10 p. m.— Weather,
clear; wind, NW; velocit- 16 miles.
•CHARTERS.
The Harland loads wheat and mdse for Liv- ■
erpool: . Duchalburn, mdse for London; Mario,
lumber and n-.dse for Sydney.
The Florence loads coal at Seattle for this
port.
The H. D. Bendlxen loads lumber at Tacoma
for Sydney. 40s.
SPOKEN.
Sept 29— Lat 47 S. long 8 W. Br ship Madras, *
from Penarth. for San Diego.
Aug 27— Lat 12 53 N. long 124 W. Br ship Ley
land Brothers, from Seattle,, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WESTPORT— SaiIed Oct Stmr Westport.
for San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— Oct Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
USAL— Oct 4— Schr Neptune, for San,
Franlcsco.
ST MICHAEL— In port Sept 19— Stmrs Cleve
land, Rival and Conemaugh; ship Wachusett
and bktn Ruth.
DUTCH HARBOR— port Sept 24— Stmn»
Portland. Tlllamook. Brixham and Roanoke.
ships Elwell and Slntram, barks Carroliton '
and James Nesmith.-
EUREKA— Arrived Oct Stmr Ruth, hence
Sept 3, and not stmr Newburg as before re
ported. ■ '
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 4— Br • ship Largo Bay,
for Queenstown; Br ship Euphrosyne, for
Queenstown.
Arrived Oct Stmr Signal, from Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 4— Schr Lottie Car- •
son, from San Diego; Btmr Newburg, hence
Oct 3. • ""
Sailed Oct 4— Schr Jesie Minor, for Hono
lulu; schr Sparrow, for San Francisco; stmr
Brunswick and National City, for San Fran
cisco. -  •■
» BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct 4— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco. - ,
FORT BRAGG— Oct 4— Stmr Coqullla
River, hence Oct 3. ■ „•_■.«. - " ■
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Lakme, nno
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Oct 3— Stmr Weeott, for
San Francisco. _ _. ,_, .. ..
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 4— Schr R W Bartlett,
from San Pedro. Oct 4— Stmr Progreso, hno
TATOOSH— Pased Oct 4— Stmr Progreso, hno
' SAN for Seattle. Oct 2— Schr Salvator.-
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 2— Schr Salvator.
I for Grays Harbor. ' „ _ ' . _ •
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Oct 3-Schr Jennie-.
j Thelln, for San Francisco;, schr La Glronde,
■ for San Francisco; bktn Gleaner, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSENP— A rived Oct Schr J D
! Tallant, from Nlcolaef ski.
TATOOSH— Pased Oct — Ship Two Brothers,'
! hence Sept 21, for Nanalmo.
COOS BAY— Oct 3— Schr , Daisy ;Rowe,
1 . schr Ivy, schr Meltuicthon, and schr Gotama,
i for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 3— Schr J G Wall, for
Ban Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept, 4— Stmr Sequoia, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. HONOLULU— Arrived prior to Sept 23 — Stmr
Valencia, from Manila, for San • Francisco.
' DEPARTURE Arrived Oct Ship Two
Brothers, hence Sen- 21.
CARDIFF— " Sept 29— Br ship Inchcap*
Rock, for San Francisco. . ,: ■•
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept : 23— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Sept 17. - • • •
■ Sailed Sept 23— Br ship Vincent, for Port
Townsend; schr Charles E Falk, for Port
Towntiend. :!*XP t s!P a Wiß*&te&*qt&thmGtt/HKaa
. SYDNEY— prior 'to Oct 4— Br atmr
Moana, hence Sept 3, via Honolulu.
■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HARDEST YEAR
II THE HISTORY
OF THE STATE
State Grange Report
So Concludes.
MANY DELEGATES ATTEND
WORTHY MASTER TELLS OF
FARMERS' PROSPECTS.
Agricultural Station at the State
University to Be Inspected
V>y the Visitors
To-Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 4.
Th* California State Grange met this
morning in annual session and was very
largely attended. The delegates are be
lngr received by Temescal, Eden, Dan.
ville and Alhambra granges, and the Al
bany Hotel has been selected aa the State
Grange headquarters.
Odd Fellows' Hall was beautifully deco
rated and the following delegates were
present:
L. H. Applegate, Merced Grangre.
James Moran and Delia A. Moran. Sebaato
pol Grange.
Adeline Loll, Elk Grove Grange.
G. W. Cunninghajn and Mrs. O. W. Cunning
ham, Magnolia Grange.
Mrs. John W. Van Horn, Eden Grange.
W«ley Moore, Eden Grange.
Suran E. Dennis, Eden Grange.
M. Sprague, Sacramento Grange.
J. O. Sherwood, Enterprise Grange.
Mary H. Root, Stockton Grange.
Nathan H. Root, Stockton Grange.
A. S. Hall. Petaluma Grange.
Thomas Jacob, Temescal Grange.
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Emery, Temescal Granire.
Henry Johnson and Mrs. A. E. Johnson, Peta
luma Grange.
Dr. F. W. Browning, Eden Grange.
A. D. Butler and Olive E. Borette, Napa
Grange.
H. T. Hite. Highland Grange.
H. F. Blohm and wife, Watsonville Grange.
J. Bettinger and E. Bettinger, San Jose
Grange.
J. L. Beecher Jr., master San Joaquin County
Pomona Grange.
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Horton, Eden Grange.
Walter Renwick and Mrs. M. A. Renwick.
Temescal Grange.
Jennie Gould, Roseville Grange.
B. Hayward and wife, Pescadero Grange. i
D. M. Wlnans, Peialuma Grange.
R. S. Twltcheli, Grass Valley Grange.
O. I* Twttchell, Grass Valley Grange.
Mrs. J. I*. Beecher Jr., Stockton Grange.
B. V. Weeks and wife, Alturas Grange.
L. 8. Dart. Elk Grove Grange.
K. H. McGreen, Temescal Grange.
E. C. Shoemaker, steward State Grange.
T. C. Stull.
Miss Delma Green, Sacramento Grange.
E. P. Pettittl, San Jose Grange.
A. R. Wcodhams and wife.
S. P. Sanders and wife, Adah L. Ross and i
Jennie M. Sanders. San Jose Grange.
Mrs. V.'. W. Greer and Mrs. E. Greer, Sacra- ]
mento Grange.
S. S. Gladney, Roseville Grange.
B. G. Hurlb-jrt and Mrs. B. G. Hurlburt.
G. W. P. Louck. Valley Grange, Contra Costa |
County.
Mr« B. V. Weeks and Mi*s Clara Steele, Pcs- \
cadero Grange.
Eii ward F. Adams, Wrights, Highland i
Grange.
A D. Logan. Cotusa Grange.
M. Sehlmeyer, Mrs. E. Miller. L. Sehlmeyer.
Mrs. E. J. Milne and Mrs, A. E. Lewis, Elk
Grove Grange.
B. Haywards, Pescadero.
M. D Hopkins, Petaluma
Mlbb M. C. Watson. J. H. Havden, Mrs. J.
A. Hayden, J. H. Beach and J. Bert Hayden,
Sacramento Grange.
Mrs. S. K. Wingate and Mrs. N. Lilllck, San
Jose Grange.
Thomas Waite. Sacramento, Pomona No. 3.
Minerva Dalv. Capital. Mrs. S. J. Cross, J.
F. Cross Temescal.
The worthy master appointed the usual
committees and this afternoon present- j
ed his annual report. In his remarks hft
said:
The Grange Is not a political organisation
and our declaration of purposes says that par
tisan or sectarian questions cannot be dis
cussed In it. nor can we call political conven
tions or nominate candidates. But a Patron of
HuHbandry does not give up that Inalienable
right and duty which belongs to every Ameri
can cltixen. the right of taking a proper In
terest in the politics of the country. Our na
t: rial organization has taken action In favor
of postal savings banks, pure food laws, rural
mall delivery, additional powers to the Inter
state Commerce Commission, speedy construc
tion of the Nicaragua Canal, etc.
The condition of the order In California in
some sections ie very satisfactory: In others it
will stand Improvement. In the whole we can
report progress. The conditions this spring
vrert such that It was deemed bt*st not to push
the work of organization, although we started
out with good success, but to await a more
favorable opportunity. Our finances are safe
and sound and our funds have been husbanded.
Our expenses are curtailed and we are pleased
to report that the receipts from October I, 1597,
to October 1, 1898, have exceeded our expendi
tures.
For forty-eight years agriculture has not
suffered in this State as it did this year. The
winter was long and cold, untimely frosts
caused loss and extreme drought, while hot, dry
winds caused a total failure of crops In some
sections and a shrinkage In nearly all. Prices
have not advanced In the same ratio and there
have been no corresponding reduction in the
fixed charges that the farmer must meet. Agri
cultural produce from as far east as the Mis
souri River has been placed fn our market and
*!nce times are hard for the farmer every
other Industry in the State has responded to
the setback agriculture has received.
To our subordinate granges we must look
for our success or failure as on order. Upon
thpir prosperity depends our existence. Our
problem Is how to improve, strengthen, enlarge
them and how to make active and earnest
workers.' A successful subordinate grange
should be supplied with regalia and parapher
nalia necessary to carry on Its work. The offi
cers should familiarize themselves with the
ritual and laws of the order. The members
rhould be educated in regard to the organiza
tion. Work must be planned and members kept
busy.
This evening there was a public recep
tion to the delegates. Judge E. M. Gib
fon presided, and speeches were made
by Mayor Thomas, Secretary Sharpe of
the Board of Trade and President Arper
of the Merchants' Exchange.
To-morrow the delegates will go to
the agricultural station at Berkeley.
M. M. SAMSON ACQUITTED.
End of the Trouble Over Tuberculous
Meat applied at the Late
Camp Barrett.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— M. M. Samson,
proprietor of Samson's market, charged
with sup-plying tainted, diseased and un
wholesome beef to the Elgnth Regiment,
recently at Camp Barrett, was tried by a
Jury in Judge Lawrence's court to-day
•and acquitted. The jury was out Just fif
teen minutes.
Health Officer J. P. Dunn declared the
meat In question to be absolutely unfit
for food and polluted with tuberculosis,
other witnesses for the prosecution were
Dr. F. E. Pierce, Dr. H. A. L. Ryfkogel.
Dr. It. A. Archibald and M. A. Clark, be
sides cooks and assistants of Company F.
A. L. Frick represented defendant and A. j
A. Moore Jr. prosecuted.
"The case was well prosecuted," said i
Health or—r Dunn to-night, "and I was
somewhat surprised at the verdict; but
the matter will now be droned, as there
Is no use of going any further."
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— N. J. Manson to
day filed a declination of the nomination
for District Attorney made by the Demo
cratic County convention on September 24
iriTi^S l £! al f)f 9y an s Mow. who shot and
lied Deputy Poundmaster Hollenbeck,
A a %^f e3 s for November 11.
d«vn£Ti Jte K !£P e tO -ay filed suit for a
w™ n t£ ? dwar E. Keene, and Re
from a isme?F n Vnin BUGd fOr a dlV °
h/t Ud E!1 or th to-day admitted to pro
'o^rt th» C ™.i« of V, le late F - X - ShattSck,
and the widow, Mrs. Rosa M. Shattuck.
was appointed executrix of the estate;
The case of George H. Fonda, a San
Franclßco plumber, arrested last night for
iss^fgraafi? a-. minor chud - has
WON $15,000!
HIS TROUBLES
THEN BEGAN
Peculiar Features of a
Divorce Suit.
A LOTTERY TICKET DISPUTE
AFTER FIVE YEARS MRS. M.
FARRELL OBTAINS A DECREE.
The Aged Husband Failed to Provide
and Was Cruel, but the Son
Came to Their Resue and
Suffered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
008 Broadway, Oct. 4.
Superior Judge Greene this afternoon
granted Margaret Farrell a divorce from
John Farrell on the grounds of cruelty
and failure to provide. The parties are
past 60 years of age, and the suit was
brought originally live years-ago, within
which time the aged plaintiff has changed
her attorneys something like a dozen
times.
The suit was a peculiar one, for In her
endeavor to have certain alleged commun
ity property divided, plaintiff made her
stepson, John Joseph Farrell, a joint de
fendant.
Eight years ago John Joseph Farrell
helped his father pegging shoes in a lit
tle cobbler's sho on Eighth street, near
Washington. One night on his way home
he purchased a lottery ticket which won
$15,000. Just prior thereto his father had
married the plaintiff, who Is his second
wife. She lived unhappily in a nice lit
tle cottage at t>2l Twenty-seventh street.
There was a $2500 mortgage on this place,
and when John Joseph suddenly oetame
possessed of the small fortune he came
to the rescue of his. parents like a good
Christian son and had the mortgage as
signed to him. Subsequently he was com
pelled to foreclose in order to clear the
title, and, there being no bidders, he uid
the property in himself. The stepmother
was soon thereafter ousted.
Mr?. Farrell claimed that the lottery
ticket was purchased jointly by her hus
band and stepson, and that she was inere
fore entitled to her share in the divi-
slon.
At the trial to-day Judge Greene held
that there had been absolutely no proof
to show that the elder Farrell had a
cent or any interest In the property. He
granted the divorce, and, by way of re
minding the defendant husband that ac
had been married at one time to plaintiff,
the alimony was fixed at $10 per month.
"I was happy before I won that $15,0v0,"
said young Farrell to-day, "but I had that
| mortgage assigned to me, and devil a bit
,o' rest I've had ever since. I paid the
: mortgage, paid for sewer and street im
provements and all, and my stepmother
| has been trying to get half of it ever
j since I got it. I'm blasted if I don't get
: rid of that property just as quick as I
j can, for it's a hoodoo to me."
During the trial W. Maguire testified
I that he heard John Farrell had struck his
sister, the plaintiff, "but," said lie, "if
I she was single I would interfere. But
since she's married I can't say that I'd In
terfere if some one would knock her
down. I don't think I've the right to in
terfere with married folks' affairs."
"NO PEDDLERS" NOT A
SIGN TO LAUGH AT
ANNOYED AT BEING ASKED TO
BUY SCENTED SOAP.
A Police Court Jury Has Already
Shown That It Is in Sym
pathy With the
Measure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Oct. 4.
City Attorney Dow has reported that the
ordinance making it a misdemeanor for
! peddlers to annoy residents who have a
■ sign prohibiting them from attempting to
j sell their goods is legal and can be en-
I forced as a police regulation.
This ordinance has been under conslder
j ation for some months and by a strange
; series of circumstances nearly every
Councilman was led to favor it because of
personal inconvenience. When Mr. Wood- j
; ward announced that he favored I
I the ordinance and had a sign
ion his steps, "Peddlers are forbidden i
j here," several of his brother Councilmen
laughed at him. But a week later Mr
: Heltman and Mr. Girard had both been
i disturbed while taking an afternoon cigar
and they were won over to the ordinance
I StHl>, later Councilmen Earl and Cuvelller
: were annoyed by peddlers and still an
■ other Councilman threw one down his
■ steps because he persisted in attempting
; to sell him some scfjited soup.
Eight out of the twelve Councilmen i
i have been thus converted to the necessity j
, of such an ordinance and now the Council
; has ordered it to be printed preparatory i
;to Its final passage. There is an idea at !
, large that the annoyance to which the '■
Councilmen were subjected was not aito- ;
gether accidental, but was a preconceived •
; plan of two or three citizens who were !
determined to secure relief from the i
; hordes of peddlers that work in the resi
dence portions of the city. Another theory
is that some storekeeper having a lot of
; peddler signs on hand thought this would I
Ibe a good way to get rid of them, but I
President Heitman declares that no such I
ruse was worked off on the unsuspecting ■
About two months ago a police officer
in East Oakland was aroused from
his slumbers after being out all
night by two peddlers, who ig
nored the sign on his gatepost. He
took summary vengeance on the disturb
er and later had him arrested for dis
turbing his peace. A jury in the Police
Court convicted the peddier and declared
that the officer had behaved very prop
erly. The ordinance will become a law in
about two weeks.
Located a Chinese Leper.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— A Chinese who has
been camping under the old band stand at
Badger's Park, near a shed roof which
some boys had constructed for him, has
attracted the attention of the health au
thorities, and a careful examination of
the man by Health Officer Dunn and Dr.
Kitchings disclosed the startling revela
tion that he is suffering from leprosy. Mrs.
Bam Cloxton, who lives near Badger's,
says the Chinese came there last Monday.
I A guard has been placed over him.
The Sentence Staggered Hodges.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Bert Hodges, orig
inally charged with assaulting little Ger
! trude Will, which charge was subsequent
! ly reduced to simple battery, to which ho
i had pleaded not guilty and demanded a
jury trial yesterday, changed his mind to
day and pleaded gulltj in Police Judge
Allen's court, evidently expecting to get
the minimum sentence. He was stag
gered • when Judge Allen pronounced a
sentence of six months.
Lady Yarde-Buller Objects.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Lady Yarde-Buller
has written to Mayor Thomas declaring
that she "has not dedicated one foot of her
property to the city of Oakland." The
letter presumably refers to the opening
of Fallon street, which street runs
through the property of the late General
Kirkham, pf whom the protestant Is a
daughter.
The Water Front Trial.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The trial of the
water front case was resumed before
Judge Ogden to-day. About one hundred
exhibits were Introduced in evidence, and
the attorneys for the city rested their
case Barring further delays the case will
be submitted within two weeks.
THE SA]N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 5. 189 S.
TAX LEVY IS
DEPENDENT ON
THE MAYOR
Reading Rooms Are
Ordered Closed.
WOODWARD IS ELOQUENT
GIRARD SAYS THE MEASURE IS
A GREAT OUTRAGE.
Pringle Declares That the City Gov
ernment Cannot Be Run if
Money Is Sunk in Lake
Merritt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 4.
The first effect of the tax levy passed
by the Council last night is already felt.
The Board of Free Library Trustees has
sent orders to Librarian Peterson to
close all the reading rooms and to run
the free library only from 1 to 6 p. m.,
and to reduce the salaries of all the em
ployes 25 per cent. This action is de
clared to be necessary on account of the
small allowance in the tax levy for the
free library. i
The ordinance was signed this morning
by President Heitman, and is now in the
i hands of the Mayor, on whom it depends
to become a law or to be vetoed. Public
opinion has been very freely expressed
i that the tax levy as constituted is op
i posed to the city's best interests. It pro
| vides enormous sums of money for im
j provements on Lake Merritt and vicinity
i and cuts down about 25 per cent the
| amounts for the various departments of
' the city government.
Councilman (Jirard declares that the
High School will have to close four
months in the year, and that the streets
cannot be cleaned or the city lighted if
i the ordinance be signed by the Mayor.
' Councilman Pringle declares it to be im
i possible to run the city on the proposed
I levy.
Councilman Woodward, who once fur
nished a long typewritten report in de
fense of his vote on the water-rate or
[ dinance, which, by the way, has never
: yet been adopted, treated the Council to
another type-written speech in which he
makes all kinds of defenses for the ordi
nance. Mr. Woodward even assumed the
role of dictator to the newspapers, and
i one of his typewritten paragcaphs read:
"If the newspapers should make an at
tack upon these gentlemen (the Lake
• Merritt Improvement Club) and call
; them schemers to rake the city treas
! ury when they apply to the city author
: ities for relief from the outrageous state
of affairs which exists in and around Lake
: Merritt— the city's water park— such
I newspapers would be silenced forever."
Just how the "silencing" would be done
or just what Woodward meant is not ap
! parent in his speech.
"If the Mayor signs that ordinance,"
! said Mr. Girard to-day, "it will be an
outrage. The people of Temescal have
as much right to expect the city to build
their sewers as have the millionaires re
siding around Lake Merritt. It is said
that the men who compose the Lake Mer
ritt Club own one-third of all the wealth
of this city. If this be so, they can well
afford to pay for building their own
sewers. Show me a case in which the
Council has spent in ten years $38,500
or as many cents for building sewers fur
poor taxpayers. Lak« Merritt is in need j
of attention, but it is absurd to provide
$80,000 for dredging it and $38,500 for build
ing sewers "as a sanitary measure." The
work should be spread over at least two !
years and the sewers should be paid for
by those who will benefit by them.
"The taxpayers of this city do not fully
realize what this means, or if they did j
they would at once take such steps as
will prevent such a waste of public mon
ey If these millionaires who live around
the lake want their property improved
let them pay for it. I can call to mind
that twenty years were consumed in try
ine to influence the Oakland Council to
spend $6000 in West Oakland, eradicating
a nuisance that pent many of our chil
dren into their graves. No one will con
tend that Lake Merritt in fifty years
time will be as foul as was the West
Oakland marsh, but men poor people live
in West Oakland.
CIGARETTES CANNOT BE
BOUGHT IN OAKLAND
: TOBACCO AND RICE PAPER NO
DETRIMENT TO MORALS.
A Puzzle That Is Causing Many to
Wonder What Purpose Is
Served by the New
Law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 4.
The law prohibiting the sale of cigar
i ettes is in force, and Oakland is now set- ;
| ting the same example to the State that
Alameda has held up for. several months.
< For four days it has been impossible to
! purchase cigarettes in this city, but there
: are as many of the seductive little things
! being puffed away as heretofore, and deal
■ ers are wondering what inspired Mr. Hen-
I neberry's ordinance.
The new law makes it a misdemeanor to
buy cigarettes to smoke them in public
I places, or to give them away, but It says
'< nothing whatever about the sale of cigar
! ette papers or the sale of cigarette to
i bacco. Consequently everybody is becom
! ing expert at rolling the cigarettes, at the
> same time wondering why it is more sin
i ful to smoke a home made cigarette than
one purchased at a store.
However, the cigar dealers have no de
i sire to disobey the new law, for a careful
! canvass of the leading cigar merchants In
j the center of the city failed to produce
j one who -would sell a package of cigar
ettes. This is something unusual, but no
i "one has yet been able to see wherein mor
ality has been served by the Henneberry
ordinance.
The Prohibition county convention paid
Mr. Honneberry a high compliment for his
I efforts to abolish the deadly cigarette, and
I there are those cruel enough to say that
' Mr. Henneberry had some such indorse-
J ment in view when he framed the ordin-
ance.
There are some cigar dealers who be
lieve that they see a way of getting
around the law. Some time ago it was
declared that the nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines were legal and not gambling de
vices if the person who put the nickel
in the slot received a cigar that was fairly
worth 5 cents. Now it is argued that if
the machine pays its debts to the specu
lator in packages of cigarettes the law's
spirit is not violated while cigarettes are
disposed of. This question will sooner or
later have to be decided in the police
courts.
CENTRAL BAPTIST CONFERENCE
Eighteenth Annual Session Opened
in Oakland Yesterday.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The eighteenth an
nual conference of the Central Baptist
Association opened in the Tenth avenue
Baptist Church this afternoon, with about
100 ministers from all parts of the State
in attendance. Hon. L. W. Leavitt of
Stockton presided. B. C. Wright of the
First Baptist Church. San Francisco, act
ed as secretary, and G. W. Fraser of
Golden Gate treasurer. The annual ser
mon was delivered by Rev. D. J. Pierce,
D.D., of Berkeley, followed by the read
ing of church letters. At 5:30 the dele
fates were given a warm dinner furnished
y the ladies of the church.
A young people's session was held this
evening, at which Rev, Robert Whitaker
delivered an address on "Gospel Wagon
Work." The chief address of the even
ing was by Rev. E. A. Woods on "Why
Four Gospels?"
Horses Destroyed by Fire.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— An early blaze this
morning in tne barn on the premises of
William Walsh, Seventeenth street, near
Peralta, resulted in $1000 damages. Two
horses, two wagons and a large quantity
of hay were destroyed. The place was in
sured for $700.
ALAMEDA TAX LEVY.
It Is Fixed at SI 05 on the $100.
One of the Trustees Talks
Plainly.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— At the session of
the Board of City Trustees last evening
the tax rate for the coming year was
fixed at $1 05 on the $100 of assessed valu
ation. The various departments of . c
city government had submitted estimates
based on careful and economical manage
ment, as claimed by them, which would
have made a rate of $1 10 necessary.
When the matter came up at last
night's meeting Trustee Fletter moved
that the rate be made $1 10. Trustee Brick
moved that it be made $1 05. In support
of his motion to make the rate $1 10 Mr.
Fletter said that he would be glad if the
rate could be made 75 cents, but he did
not Bee how the city government could be
run on the $1 05 basis without creating a
deficiency. He believed that the city
would run $6000 behind by the end of the
year with the rate proposed. He did not
want to see the library forced to be closed
all but two hours a day, as was the case
in Oakland owing to the reduction In the
estimates for carrying on cily government.
Brick favored the $1 05 rate in a speech
that was applauded by the lobby, and
when the motion was put it was carried
by a vote of four to one, Trustee i letter
In the negative.
Last year the tax rate w.as $1 12. while
this year there are over $10,000 more of
bonds to be paid off.
The Crematory Wreckers.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.-Blodgett and Dil
larocco, two of the youths charged with
wrecking the garbage crematory on the
marshes were examined to-day before
Justice Morris. The latter, who is the son
of an Oakland scavenger, was held to an
swer a charge of burglary-, with bonds
set at $500. Blodgett will have his case
■ further considered on Friday. Nothing
was elicited which tended to confirm the
suspicion that the scavengers were be
j hind the matter and were desirous cf
crippling the crematory so as to protect
their own business.
Company G in Bad Luck.
! ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— A number of letters
! have been received from members of Cum
pany G of the Eighth Regiment, now at
! Vancouver Barracks, Wash., saying that
I sickness is greatly prevalent among the
I soldiers and that there are many down
I with typhoid fever, while the food is so
I bad that it can hardly be eaten. Those
! who have money eat at restaurants out
1 side of the barracks, while the others
J have to get along the best they can. The
! letters say that only those who have to
j eat the barracks food are on the sick list.
Cohen Charged With Felony.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— A. H. Cohen, the
ivi li known attorney, has been charged
with a felony by Ivy L. Borden, Superin
tendent of the Artesian Water Works.
The charge is that Cohen committed an
assault upon the person of Borden by
means and force calculated to produce
great bodily injury. The charge grows
out of the occurrence qf last summer
when Cohen drove into Borden's cart, up
setting it, throwing Borden out and
breaking his leg.
Did Not Hear the Train.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— Jiro Hirata, a
Japanese, was n™ over by the 7:45 broad
gauge train which goes around the horn
to East Oakland, and was seriously in
jured. He was visiting relatives at 1610
Everett street, and had just left the house
for night school. He was walking down
the track and did not see the approach
ing train. His right foot was crushed to
a Jelly. The toes on his left foot were
crushed and amputation is necessary.
His nose was broken and the fingers nf
his left hand were mashed. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, Oakland, on
the 9 a. m. train. His receovery is some
what doubtful.
Alaxneda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— Last evening the
opening game of the Recreation Club's
handball tournament was played before a
pood attendance. The second series will
he played to-morrow night.
. James Jollymour, a teamster, was
knocked senseless last evening by a piece
of timber which he was unloading from a
wag-on. He was picked up by friends and
taken home, where his wounds were I
dressed. They are not serious.
Mrs. Jennie Shannon of this city and j
Martin Welch of Oakland were married In i
Reno. New. last week Monday.
David Hirschfield, the owner of property !
In the eastern part of the city, complains i
to the police that some one has been ruin
ing: his cement sidewalks by smashing
them with a sledgehammer.
FEARS HIS WIFE HAS
COMMITTED SUICIDE
Mrs. Reisenweber of Temescal in a
Huff Left Her Husband and
Cannot Be Found.
OAKLAND, Oct. I— Ch&rlefl Reisenwe
ber of Temescal has lost his wife, and up
to midnight the police had found no trace
of her. He believes she has committed
suicide.
"I was out iii the yard this morning
when 1 heard our boy crying," Mid Mr.
Reisenweber to Captain Wilson. "I went
in and told my wife that she ought not
to strike the boy. as he is very sensitive
She became very angry, and finally struck |
me in the face. I lost my temper for a
moment and slapped her. Then she tried
to get the bottle of carbolic acid, and I
had a hard struggle to prevent her from
drinking it. Next she locked herself in a
room, and I had to break the door in
and held her until she promised not to do
away with herself.
"After this she changod her clothes ami
put on her hat. She kissed our boy good
by and told him he would never set- his
mother again. I knew that it would be
useless for me to try to stop her. as she
would have scratched and bitten me and
would have raised a big disturbance.
When she gets very an&ry she seems to
become insane. She has gone off before in
this way. but what frightened me this
time was her kissing the boy and saying
that he would not see her again.
"I have had trouble with my wife be
fore when she has had spells of
anger. On one occasion she trioil to :
get my razor to cut her throat, and at
another time she tried to get my revolver. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: A ' j
MONTANA
CHDOI r^ln
SHERIFF
John Conley. Deputy Sheriff, V
Anaconda, Montana, says:
; : ••The Keeley Cure has made
a man of me — took the treat- :
ment three years ago and
\ have not since taken a drink
] ol any kind nor have I felt
I like doing so!" He is only
one of hundre Is of thousands
who have been 1 cured by the
Keeley Treatment.
v S*nd for. printed matter that tells
all about it.
; 'THE KiiELEY INSTITUTES,
• 1170 Market St ; San" Francisco, ,
{ 1170 Market St . San Fnnclico,
Donohoe UuHdlnc
i 238 North Main St.. Los Angeles.
' -_ ■ ' '-■■■•- '
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensarj,
M^tSstML *>25 HEABSY ST. . EsUibllahcd
»»!v3fiß '" •<*s'*• < * 5 '* * or tll( ' trentnipnt of I'rlvato
iK.JBHf l>!sensPB, Lost Manhood. Debility or
KwUWimß^ disease wearing on body and mind and
' feKalwTKlisl .Skin DUeas««. T l'hedoctoroures when
! CIRhKjCvW others fall. Try him. Charges low
■ SmblSmhß I'ureit inarnDfrrd. Cull or write.
Dr. J. tr. tilßßQSit Box 1037, San Francisco.
She is a good wife when she does not al
low her temper to get away with her. but
when she has these spells she hardly
knows what she is about. She may come
home all right when she cools off."
The missing woman is described as be
in;? 27 years of age, about five feet two
inches tall. She has light brown hair and ;
was dressed in a dark skirt and plaid
waist. ■
■ ♦ «
Gage to Speak to Students.
BERKELEY. Oct. 4.— Henry T. Gage,
the Republican nominee for Governor, is I
to be a visitor at the University of Cali- I
fornia to-morrow afternoon. He will
come to Berkeley as the guest of the Gage
Club, recently formed among the college
students, and will be their guest for the
afternoon. The Gage men will take their
candidate over the university grounds and
buildings. He will address a mass meet
ing of the students in Stiles Hall at 3:45
o'clock. President A. M. Magee of the
Gage Club has appointed a special com
mittee of students to meet the distin
guished visitor at the train and to escort
him over the university during the after
noon. \
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Oct. 4.— The finance com
mittee of the Board of Regents of the
University of California. will hold a meet
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30 o'clock
in the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art,
San Francisco.
The Ladies' Social Club of v ßerkeley will
give a dance next Friday evening, Octo
ber 7. in Castle Hall, corner of Berkeley
way and Shattuck ; avenue. The dance
will be given for the purpose of forming
an order of the Rathbone Sisters.
The freshman class of the University
of California will hold a reception in
Stiles Hall next Friday afternoon at
3:45 o'clock.
The ladies of the Berkeley branch or
the Red Cross Society will meet in the
parlors of the First Congregational
Church, on Dana street, to-day for the
purpose of making bandages and "other
necessaries' in preparation for the sol
diers who are to go on. the next Manila
expedition. The church will be open
to-morrow from morning till evening for
the same kind of work. The president
of the local branch requests all members
who can conveniently do so to lend their
assistance.
! ADVERTISEMENTS.
| SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
i Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
1 Free samples of a most remarkable
1 remedy are being. distributed by the State
1 | Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
| cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
; tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
' treatment and all men who suffer with
1 any form of sexual weaknr ■ resulting
; from youthful folly, premature loss ■ of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
! cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
', themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
' to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
I Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
i ! Building, Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
. ! you desire one of their free trial pack-
; ages will be complied with. The institute,
is desirous of reaching that great cla»»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will, en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured •of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay. ■
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fcj. • Steamers leave Broadway
Knk^^ ■ wharf, San Francisco: , .
fift%ssslX. For Alaskan ports/ 10 a. m.,
|Sji?CfeS2»% Oct. 3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 23, Nov. 2,
' [ii K&rlVvSa transfer at Seattle.
9 K^•VJ"* JRI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
J K£Ji!V*<! ! fr.?,t C). Port TownscnJ. Seattle,
j j^^Qwjfln Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New "Whatcom (Wash.). 10
■ a. m.. Oct. 3, 13, 18, 23. 28. Nov.
I and every' fifth day thereafter, transfer at
hH i h.rrs&?Fx K r «*,":■£
I&gte&srss- js-ssss:
GavMottT' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme :
San'pldro^East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9a. m.. Oct. 4, 8. 12. 16, W, -4, .», r»ov.
1 Sdevery fourth day thereafter. . . _
ir f ££m ■%*%%!'£ rs£\ n *&
6 V r r Knad^Klafena Bay San Jose del
Taho -Maxatlan. Altata. La Pa* Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a, m.. 18th of every
m For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aP I(JKET OFnOB —4 New Montgomery
St^Ol^^ P PER^g^ CO.. Oen. r;^.. o -
uw 10 Market st.. San Francisco. ■
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r3r 3 O R. .t 1-.-^ 3sr d
From Spear-street Wharf at •10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class . Including Berths
rAnu $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:."
State of California Sept. 25
Geo. W. Elder . . . . .. Sept.
Columbia Sept. 22. Oct. 1
Through Tickets sold to all points In Oregon,-
Washington. Idaho, Montana and the East,
castling . c. C. WARD. General Agent. .
«30 Market street.
OOODALL. ™^ r t CO., nts
Gompaple Generals Transatlantlque,
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new) « North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <"t"^
by this line avoid both transit by^^-^*:
Fn^lch railway and the discomfort or crossing •
! the channel in a small boat. N:^ York to :
! Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140; ,
second class. $116. _
LA TOURAINE .Oct. 8, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct 15. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22. 10 a. m.
LA N< HMANDIE...... Oct 29. 10 a. m.
LA T0URA1NE....... ....Nov. 5, 10 a. m.
For further particulars anply to .
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, ■ '
• , ; No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZT & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery j
'avenue, San Francisco. . - .
fM0 9 MM*« The S. S. ALAMEDA
'sitßlßiHff^a : via Honolulu and
1 » V ■*»■■% Auckland for Sydney
U"*^^^^^ Thursday, October 6. at
Qftf-tfncJlincJ ' s'. S. AUSTRALIA
G)iW3lUjHik sails for Honolulu only
(nH\WXIV<- Wednesday. October 19.
r lUii!J!Kll(.»P a t 2 p. m.
"^Llne to COOLGARDIB, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J D. "SPRECKELS & BROS.' CO.. Agents,
. 114 Montgomery st.
Frelßht of f10e— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
ROUND THE WORLD
A special p*ty visiting Hawaii, Japan.
China the Philippines, India, Egypt, etc., will
leave San Francisco by S. S. Doric October 20.
Membership limited 10 persons. Programmes of
■ v ■ THOS. COOK ft SON.
621 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY Ax*D BIVEB STEAMEKS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AHP VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mod Tue»., Wed.. Thura. and Sat.. '..'.:. \-'
9-45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. .m. ex. Thar«.>
Fridays: .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. in.
Eunday5. ............... 10:30 a. m. And I p. A
Lending and offlceß— Mls-lon Dock. PUr S.
• ; T»l«phono Red 2241.
TAKE TIE BOAT TO SAN JOSE. )
EVERY DAT AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m. • ,'
Bteamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c -
Delightful Bay Trip, 44 miles a&4 return.
On BunUay*. Excursion. |I. ';'. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEVES HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIAN! WINE gives MARIANI WINE is in-
power to the brain, strength and valuable for overworked men,
elasticity to the muscles, and delicate women and sickly
richness to the blood. It is a children. It soothes, strength-
promoter of good healtft and \ ens and sustains the sys-
longevitv. tern.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO., 52 West 15th st.. New York, will be
sent free, book containing portraits with indorsements of Emperors, Empress, Princes, Car-
dinals, Archbishops and other interesting matter. Mention this paper.
Yin Mariani Makes the Weak Strong.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Hauss=mann; Ixmdon — S3 Mortimer street; Montreal — 2S-30 Hospital street.
PROCLAMATION.
ETATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July SOth, IS9B.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1837,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
1 forty years from the time of contracting the
I same: provided, however, that thp City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
1 materials furnished to and work done for said
j city and county during the forty-third and
I forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
! revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
| vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
] pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
' struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
' and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
I visions of this section; and In determining any
j claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
i ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
! of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the j
! electors thereof voting at an election held for i
! that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted- i
1 ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
i vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited, i
I. shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
V 10.)
i A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the. State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
Beven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
: viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
' counties of local county government acts for
I their own government. The said proposed new
i section to read as follows:
Section 7%. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters- here-
! inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
\ ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
i by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
j have been, for at least five years, qualified ]
electors of such county, to be elected by the |
' qualified electors of such county, at any gen- ;
' eral or special election, whose duty It shall be j
f ■ within ninety days after such election, to pre- I
1 pare and propose a county government act for j
] such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of eueh board, . or a ma- !
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof j
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds • of the
' county. Such proposed county government act
■ shall "then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
| not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. ■it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special^ laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by^Wie President of the Board of • Super-
\-\tazst'oT other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by" them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of ;
State the other, after being recorded In the j
office of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not legs than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted' by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified- electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held nt least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
■ ° It shall "be "competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion' for. the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by : the people shall be con-
ducted" and may In addition determine the
test? and conditions upon which electors,- po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In, any primary election.
Whenever any County has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act, and the same shall
have been approved by ■ the Legtslnture as
f p«:n i ( i the direction of sections four and
five' of this article providing for the uniformity
of a ex-stem of county governments throughout
th( , «f>t» and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and 'appointment of officers and the «*«-
lattnn of their compensation. Khali not apply.
<3rilrl county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. pot.be
sublet to any law- or amendment^ enacted by
the Legislature." escept by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner hereinahove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. :
(Being Senate .Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the' Co-
nstitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read ac follows: . -
Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at" the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all -.claims of; every kind
and character . against : the State, under such
laws as may be, passed by the Legislature, and
its judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
'of the Court ,of Claims «hall be held as fol-
lows: ■ .-. ■-'■■.■.-:-'. - .'■ •* - , ■ :'. - • -.
In the City of Los Angeles,' commencing on
the second Monday of March: •; - -
'•"• In the -City ; and County of - San. Francisco,
. commencing .on ■ the second • Monday in July,
and 0 -.-: "■""- -- '.'■ ■-■'-.■ . ; --: ■.. ■" ' .
■In the . City of Sacramento, commend"" «vn
Weekly ' Call, $1.50 per Year.
I
the second Monday of November of each Tear,
receive no h °' din * SUCh term of court sna "
1 sbaU re^iv^Si C !22£ enilatlon therefor, but
The L-LwJf enePa l f .f nd Of the State treasu^.
It this section. and '" Carry out the r °vl3lon.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
Stlte I *'? 'r«M? tO , pro[ ' OEe to the people of the
stltutlon a^ c a an am endment to the Con-
by adding the Sta s e - amending article eleven,
as adding a new section thereto, to be known
: conso^id^rt ber _ ye and one-half, relating to
i safd rlrn cd i and rounty governments. The
K»P?/^ PO li c / d D ,!f w sect 'on to read as follows: .
and file fix., The Provisions of sections four
feeisUMnn thlS a i tlcle Bhall not - nor shaJl an *
I legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
now cons ,°. llda ted city and county government,
now existing Or hereafter formed, which shall
: have become, or shall become, organized under
Ifeit «f 8 VL c , n ' or pecure a charter under section
j eight of this article.
! AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
| (Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
! «!t= t/ £ iO ,?. t0 P ro P° se to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
£*? 8^ tili/mt i l i / m of the State of California. by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
I read as follows:
-. Section * 15 L A Lieutenant Governor shall be
! elected at the same time and place and In the
I same manner as the Governor, and his term of
; office and his qualifications shall be the same."
: we shall be president of the Senate, but shall
I only have a casting vote therein.
i bection 16. In case of the Impeachment of
; the Governor, or his removal from office, death
: inability to discharge the powers and duties of
ima . office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
| devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
I residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
! cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
| impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
I capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
I til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
,be filled at the next general election when
j members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
| ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro - tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties or Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 33.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to ■
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
I elude primary and grammar schools,' and such
j high schools, evening schools, normal schools
| and technical schools as may be established by
; the Legislature or by municipal or district
; authority, but the entire revenue derived from
I the State school fund and the State school tax
! shall be applied : exclusively to the support of
! primary and grammar schools. ; Grammar
! schools shall Include schools organized in a
; school district, or union of school districts,
•having more than one thousand inhabitants. in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
■ . No. 54.)-
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
I two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
flx a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature ■ shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and,
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the -Constitution, and an act of , th»
Legislature of the State of California, entitled,
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for"
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. ISS2.
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tha
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written <or printed thereon the following .
words, ■ whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. ■ 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Yea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its 4 -
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income- and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? \ '■ ,
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment .' No. 10 I ■ Yea
(providing for ■ framing local county {. .
government acts by inhabitants of . '"' No •
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate . Constitutional Amendment : No.
44 (providing for the creation of- a .
Court of Claims to determine claims Yes
against the State,, and to consist of- .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without -extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
.sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities -Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- —
.ganlzed, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to . counties). .
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor. Y««i
providing for --succession thereto in .-"— — — '
certain cases and removing disability- No
■ of Lieutenant Governor from holding
•other- office, during term). . .
« For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- '
- bly Constitutional ■ Amendment • No. : S3 Yea
(relating to and " defining Grammar < ■ .t;
■Schools). .. ■ . I No
For the Amendment? . [
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yea
Legislature . for not less than thirty- —'.
' nor more than sixty days during each ■'. No""
session).
For the Amendment?
■ Witness my hand and the Great : Seal of tha
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. ■ ■-■ r - ■,-
■ JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Stut*.
-•'PFAL.I-. .'.......-. ■„ • ■■- •'
910
RETURN OF
THE SENATOR
FROM MANILA
Will Sail Again With
More Troops.
SAW THE CAPTURE OF MANILA
SENATOR'S CREW WATCHED
THE SOLDIERS FIGHT.
The Steamer Chilkat Returns After
a Narrow Escape From Ship
wreck on the Hum
boldt Bar.
The transport Senator arrived from Ma
nila via Honolulu early yesterday morn-
Ing and will be made ivady as quickly as
possible to go back again with reinforce
ments for the army in the Philippines.
Shu brought up thirteen invalided ami
time-expired soldiers, and at some of
them were still mi the sick list when the
mer came into port she was ordered
into quarantine by the United States
quarantine officer. It did not take long
to fumigate and overhaul the troopship,
so during the afternoon she was clocked
at I'u.eiflc street wharf.
The Senator was nearly ten days com
ing up from Honolulu, where she stopped
to have her boilers cleaned and some
minor damage received in a typhoon re
paired. She has not been docked
her launching, and her stay in tropical
waters has not improved her any. She
sailed from Manila the day after the city
was taken by the American troops. Cap
tain Patterson had his ship anchored
about five miles away from the fortiflca
and watched the whole proceedings.
He saw the Olympia. Raleigh, Petrel and
D lire on the town to th<
of Maleta and the American troops march
- the beach and attack the intrench
ments. The Callao and Petrel being of
light draught, stood close In shore and
: the entrenchments over the heads
of the marching soldiers. Soon after this
the Raleigh and Olympia drew off, but
the two gunboats kept up their tire until
tiny could be of no further use to the
soldiers.
Seven of the men who came up on the
vessel have served their term of enlist
ment and ar» to be must* They
.-.'-. uld bave been sent home \"Hk ago, but
d to be allowed to serve until Manila
was take:.. As Boon as that feat was ac
complished they were sent home.
It will take about a week to get the
Senator ready to go back to Manila. She
will probably go on the drydock to-day,
and ;ts she has been cleaned and painted
sli.- will have her stores put aboard and
idy for the troops as quickly as
The Newport, which sailed from
on September 2L", should arrive here
■ Saturday next, and as she will not
require docking the chances are that the
■ r will wait for her and both vessels !
will sail in company.
The Indiana and City of Puebla have I
sailed from Japanese ports for San Fran- i
Cisco and will pro), ably follow the Senator
and Newport. When last heard from th*
Puebla had coaled and sailed from Naga
saki, and th<- Indiana was coaling at Yo
ma. The chances are that both yes-
B( Is «:11 have to go on the drydock. so it
will be the 24th or 25th inßt. before the
second lot of soldiers will get away.
There will not be near as much crowd-
Ing on the transports on this occasion.
Many of the bunks are to be taken out so
that' there will be more breathing space
for the troops. The provisioning of the
is is also to be carefully looked after
the men will be as well fed as they
are In camp.
The Mail Company's steamer City of j
Peking did not get away for the Orient
yesterday morning, as expected. Some
minor defects were found in the machin
ery and these had to be straightened out
It was thought safe to let the yes-
Bel proceed. Captain Newt Jordan \\
have taken the vessel nut. but two days
of Idleness on the Mail steamer settled |
him. so h<- came ashore and Captain Mc-
Cullougb took h!s place.
The British ship Duchalburn has been
added to the fleel now loading general j
cargoes for London and Liverpool. This,
m.-ik-'P six vessels now up ami loading.!
and as they will take principally canned
fruit and salmon th" demand for these
goods must be on the Increase in Eng
land. The American ship R. D. Rice will
begin taking in stiffening at Howard
street wharf to-day. An order for
if rough clear redwood to form part
of her cargo has been placed in Humboldt
and will be brought here on sailing yes
-
The steamer Chllkat got lack from Eu
reka yesterday after a very narrow es
on the Humboldt bar. She was
crossing In when a heavy spa struck her
and turned her around. Before she could
be headed on her course again another
roller came along and broke aboard, car
rying away 2ii feet of tier bulwarks,
swamping the coal bunkers and putting
out the fires. The vessel was then holp
lesa b u t luckily a little sail was got on
her and she drifted Into safety. She was
temporarily repaired at Eureka, and will
be thoroughly overhauled here before she
goc-s out again.
LOVE AND HARMONY.
Practical Meeting of the California
Clvb — The Reports.
Thf» California Cluh held a regular busi
ness meeting yesterday afternoon in the
largo lrcttiro room connected with tholr
elegant parlors in the Voune Mpd'p Chrls
linn Association building. Over ?/>0 mem
bers, representing the departments of
nrt. and literature. civics, arbitration and
philanthropy. were present, and Mrs.
i White, the president, was in the
chair.
The ordinary routine business was made
Interesting by the reports of the heads
of different sections. Miss Rirkoff of the
grirls' club section read a brief and prac
tical paper on the condition of the work
ing giris of San Francisco, their special
needs, and what th<- California Club,
through the Fiction which she represents,
proposes to do for them.
Mrs. G. E. Bates, chairman of the hos
pitaJ committee, which has taken under
its care not only the public hospitals but
the jails, made a statement of work al
done. and asked for a special con
tribution of garments for the sick poor.
jir. Dorothea Moore of th< ; University
settlement and head of the department
of civics, followed with a very encourag
ing account of that branch of the club,
and -Miss George <>f the art and litera
ture department ami Mrs. A. D. Sharon
of the playground committee gave excel
lent reports.
The speaker ->f the. afternoon was Mrs.
Eliza!" 1 .!: Strong Worthlngton. and her
r was the dual one, "The Greatest
Word In the World" and "Th<- Greatest
Thing in the World. '" The greatest word
phe declared to be "harmony." and th* 1
greatest thing in the world she declared
to be "love." since with It all things are
possible. This she proved most conclu
sively in a most eloquent and thoughtful
iiddress, whi,h won her much deserved
apnlause.
New members to the number of thirty
five were admitted to the dub, and a
vote of thank:; was given to Mrs. C R,
Johnston, who was Instrumental in se
curing th" necessary lumber for tho boys'
playground, to the firms whom she in
duced to contribute nearly 10. 000 feet of
lumber, and to Mrs. Porteous. who has
given a lease of the large parlors In one
of her houses in South Park for the use
of the new working girls' club, to be at
once organized by Miss Rlekoff.
The afternoon concluded with an in
formal but very delightful "tea" in the
club parlors.
Appointed Examining Surgeon.
Dr. William Martin, retired rurgeop of
the United States navy, has l)oen appoint
miniiic surgeon for naval recruits.
I>r. Martin is a world renowned author
ity on yellow fever.
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bu*h and Larkin st«. Swimming, nusnian. hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdtrect from ocean.
FOX WINS HIS
CASE AGAINST
HAYWARD ET AL
Decision Adverse to
Hale & Norcross.
! SUPREME COURT'S ORDERS
OVERCHARGES FOR MILLING
MUST BE MADE GOOD.
Damages That Resulted From Fraud
ulent Loss of Precious Metal
Remitted by Request a*
the Plaintiff.
The Supreme Court has rendered a final
decision in the case known as M. \V. Fox
vs. the Hale it Norcross Silver Mining
Company et at., and I •• the decision Fox
and his colleagues are the winners by
many thousand dollars, which muat be
paid to them on judgment.
The case has been dragging along for
i years, ami it has had more legal
shuffling about than a ball in a tennis
court. Fox and his associates sued the
management of the company for some
thing like a million and a half dollars,
and among the allegations was that of
fraud in improper milling by allowing
large quantities of valuable metal to go
out with the tailings. The important fea
tures of this case are thus set forth In the
decision:
Under the complaint a recovery was
sought from the defendants In behalf of
the corporation upon two distinc; claims
or causes of action— one for the difter
between the amount paid by the cor
poration for the milling of the ores and
the actual cost thereof and the other for
damages sustained by reason of imper
fect and fraudulent milling of the ores.
At the former trial of the case the bu
perior Court found that upon the lirst or
claims the corporation had paid
7 50 for milling the ores in excess of
the actual cost, ana that for->the.r cause of
action It had sustained damage to the
amount of $789.1 LB, and rendered judg
ment against the defendants for these
amounts Upon the appeal the Supreme
c.am affirmed the decision of the supe
rior Court upon the first issue, but
reversed its decision upon the sec
ond, and remanded the. cause, with direc
tions to the Superior Court to enter a
judgment against the defendants as of the
date of its former judgment lor the
amount of $210.197 50, with interest from
that date Upon the issue presented by
ihe claim for damages sustained by rea-
C the imperf-ct and fraudulent mul
the ores, the order denying a new
trial wns set out. and the Superior court
was directed to retry that issue and make
its findings of fact in accordance with the
views expressed in the opinion of the su
preme Court.
The Superior Court found that the cor
poration had sustained damage in the sum
of $417,688 from the fraudulent and imper
fect milling of the ores; and thereupon
ed Judgment againt the defendants
that the plaintiff have and recover from
them for the use and benefit of the cor
poration the sum of $210,197 60, with inter
est thereon from the Uth day of June,
1592 Lit the legal rate, upon the issue pre
sented by the claim for having paid an
excessive price for milling the ores, and
the further sum of $417.6*3, with interest
thereon from the nth day of June, 1892.
upon the issue presented by the claim for
damages sustained by reason of the im
perfect and fraudulent milling of said
From the judgment the last appeal was
taken. After the hearing of the appeal.
Fox filed in the Supreme Court a release
of all claims for damages, by reason of
the imperfect and fraudulent milling of
the ores, and has made a motion that the
judgment appealed from be modified by
striking out that portion which authorized
a recovery of any portion of the damages
thus sustained; and that upon such notifi
cation the judgment appealed from be
affirmed. In reply it is urged by the de
fendants that, instead of granting the mo
tion, the. cause should be remanded to the
Superior Court and the action made there.
The court held that Fox's motion was in
accordance with the practice of the court
and says:
Whether respondent (Fox) makes such con
sent for the reason that he is convinced that
he cannot prevail in the action, or, as was
suggested in Carpentier vs. Gardiner, supra,
because he prefers to remit the whole of the
damages upon this cause of action rather
than submit to the delay and in
convenience consequent upon a new trial,
his motion for a modification of the Judgment
should be granted. The release by the re
spondent of all claim for the damages thus
sustained, and his consent that the Judgment
be modified by striking out that portion there
of which authorizes a recovery upon this is
sue, has the effect to withdraw from considera
tion upon this appeal all matters involved in
the rendition of this portion of the judgment,
and to leave for determination only the judg
ment rendered upon the other issue presented
by the complaint. The judgment of this court
upon the former appeal denying the appel
lants' motion for a new trial upon the issue
presented by the claim for excessive charges
paid for milling the ores, and directing that
judgment be entered against them for the
amount found by the court to the amount of
that excess, was a final determination of the
rights of the parties upon that issue, and the
action of the Superior Court in entering such
judgment was a compliance with the mandate
of this court, and. as its judgment upon this
issue is in strict accordance therewith, there
Is no ground for an appeal therefrom, and this
portion of the judgment must be affirmed.
The proposition of the defendants that
if the second cause of action is withdrawn
they are entitled to tho costs of the second
trial, the court holds is contrary to law
;inil In conclusion Justice Harrison, who
■wrote thf- opinion, says:
The cause is remanded to th<» Superior <"Ymrt.
and that court is directed to modify its Judg
ment herein by striking out those portions
thereof which authorize a recovery from the
appellant? of "the further sum of $417. G53, with
Interest thereon at the legal rate from the 11th
day of June, lSft2, upon the tsaue presented by
the claim for damages sustained by reason of
the imperfect and fraudulent milling of said
ores, together with plaintiff's costs disbursed
at the former trial, amounting to the sum of
$840 40, and the further costs given upon the
second trial amounting to $1564 W ; and also
that portion thereof which dlrectH that the
plaintiff have execution for the said "further
mm of 1417,681, with Interest thereon at the
legal rate, from June 11, 1592." As so modi
fled, the Judgment Is affirmed. The coots of this
appeal are to be borne by the respondent.
DEATH BY THE ACID ROUTE.
Albert Trambley, a Junk Dealer, Dies
by His Own Hand.
Albert Trambley, a junk dealer residing
at the corner of Sixth and Folsom streets,
committed suicide last evening by taking
two ounces of carbolic add.
Trambley called early in the evening on
friends at 805 Howard street, and while
at the dinner table poured the deadly acid
Into a teacup and tossed it off without
being noticed by his friends. He sud
denly arose from the table, asked forgive
ness for what he had done, and chowed
them the empty bottle.
He was at once taken to Ladd's drug
store at Fourth and Howard streets, and
from there was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where he died shortly after ar
rival.
The dead man has been despondent over
the loss of his wife, who died a week ago
at the County Hospital, and this and his
penniless condition are assigned as the
causes for his self-murder. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
Gave Himself Up.
Henry Boacom, who with Mrs. Mar
garet Shields was recently arrested upon
a char«e Of arson, gave himself up last
night at the City Prison in answer to a
bench warrant issued by Judge Mogan on
Monday.
The original bail bond for $3000, upon
which Beacon vaa released, was discov
ered to be worthless and the warrant was
l&sued upon that finding.
Bail has been Increased to $WX>O.
Federal Bankrupts.
Albert Fox of Sacramento and John T.
Powers, grocer of San Francisco, filed pe
titions in bankruptcy yesterday h\ the
I'nited States District Court. Liabilities
$415 and $716 96 respectively. No assets
for either.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
HAS JUMPED UP
$75,000 INSIDE
OF FIVE YEARS
Expense of Sweeping
the Streets.
IT NOW COSTS $175,000
STREET DEPARTMENT FUNDS
ARE APPORTIONED.
The Sewers Will Not Receive Proper
Attention, According to
Auditor Broderick's
Opinion.
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, in conjunction with Su
perintendent of Streets Ambrose, has de
cided upon the segregation of the Street
Department fund for the ensuing fiscal
year as folllows:
For air.* to county roads, $10, 000; sweep
ing, $175,000; cleaning and repairing sewers,
$75,000; repairing and repaying accepted streets,
$59,724; airing streets with bitumen (con
tract), 119,000; Improvements in front of city
property, $5000; Improvements and maintenance
of parka ana squares, $35,000; engineering and
surveys, $5000; total. $383,724.
For culvert. Canal and Mission streets, $6500;
tunnel, Bosworth street, $12,500; Market street,
$9776; Sunset sewer, $16,000; grading Yon Ness
avenue, $1500; Market street, from Sixth to
Van Ness avenue, $40,000; sewer, Brannan and
Army streets, $2S,000; gates, Brannan street,
$2000; total for special objects, $116,276. Total
appropriation, $600,000.
It had been the Intention of the Finance j
Committee to submit the entire schedule j
of the segregated funds of the various
departments at the last meeting of the
Supervisors, but owing to the illness of
Supervisor Delany the presentation wns
I postponed until the next meeting.
It is predicted that the segregation of
; the funds of the Street Department, as
arranged, will meet with active opposi
tion from several Supervisors who have
certain schemes in view for which no
adequate provision is made. The oppesi
tion may develop sufficient strength to
j effect some changes in the schedule as
: presented. The "political necessities" of
the Street Department, in the way of
1 giving employment to camp followers, are
i generally recognized as extraordinary by
the Democratic Supervisors, but this year :
i they seem to be strangely callous to the !
urgent demands of Superintendent Am- j
brose. Instead of allowing him the whole
half million dollars to spend on wages j
: to the said camp followers they have cut I
. down his allotment for this laudable pur
i pose to $383. 724. and have decided to
"waste" a cool $116 ,27ff On contracts for
I street improvements.
Auditor Broderick, when shown the
I schedule of the segregated fund yester
• day. remarked: "Whew! They are put
j ting it strong for street sweeping. JlT.'i.
000. Why, five years ago the sweeping j
only cost $100,000. They have not allowed
enough for cleaning sewers, however. The
sum of $75,000 will be utterly insufficient."
The Auditor's annual report, handed
i in to the Board of Supervisors Monday,
was not completed owing to the delay
of the Finance Committee in reporting
the segregation of funds fur the coming
year, but me blanks will be filled alter I
1 the report is made.
I ABthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure guarant'd. Dr. i
' : CJordin, Sanitarium, f. 14 Pine, nr. Kearny. S.F. Cal. j
LAVIGNE AND TRACEY.
The Saginaw Kid Will Arrive To-
Morrow and Will Sign Arti
cles for a Fight.
"Kid" Lavfgne is expected here from
! the East on Thursday and will go to some
: training station near this city Immediate
ly after his arrival, where he will con
; dltion himself for his contest with Tom
Tracey. The National Club has .set no
i date tor the light as yet, but in all prob
i ability it will Be held in Woodward I.*1 .* Pa
vilion some evening in the latter part of
this month. Tracey is stationed at Ala
meda and according to his manager, Al
i King, he is now ready to enter the ring.
i The Australian will have the best of the
weight by about four or five pounds, but
as Lavlgne has been handicapped in giv
ing weight away in almost every battle
he has had in the past, his friends exped
Ito see him polish off Tracey in good
style.
If Corbett has patched up his differences
with McCoy, which seems probable ac
cording to "late dispatches, the proposed
; Jeffries and Corbett contest will not take
place for some time, If at all.
The National Club is not very anxious
i to capture the Corbett-Jeffries match, as
' its managers are of the opinion that Jef
fries is altogether too slow for Corbett
land that the contest, on that account,
i •would be lacking in Interest. But if Cor
bett will sign articles to aieet Tom Shar
kej in a twenty-round bout the National
CJub will willingly "hang up" a $15,000
j puree, which is, by several thousands of
' dollars, a better stake than any of the
heavyweights can get in the East.
It can be safely said that a return
: match between George Green and Myste
i rious Hilly Smith will he consummated
■ within the next two months.
Smith has sent word to a friend in this
J city that ho will fight Green at any time
1 but} place, consequently the match is as
good as made, as Green is very anxious
to settle up old scores with Smith.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
; S S Steel. Plttsburg E Patton. Stockton
: C S Conger, Chicago J Durkln, Pa
!II 3 Edwards. S Jose J E Evans, Omaha
A Manasse, Napa S Markov, Chicago
A H Wright, Stockton J W Knox. Merced
W R Johnson, Cal Mrs T R Beaumont &
I .1 M Chase, Seattle f, Cal
I G H Durhane. Or ]' A Sanford, Pa
i F Q Sherwood, Bristol W B Dangerfield Cal
!A C Sheen, L, An* 1? T MeCullough '& w
I J Q Drummond. Cal Crow* Landing
j R Buster, Colusa S Chatterton. N T
j II Rogers, Sacto A Honey, N T
W R Mumma, Grand H H Cooper, Victoria
Island W F Hunt, w & c, Cal
J Baker, Sacto E A Wilmut. Victoria
C H Allerton, Cal C J C, Still. N Zealand
; .1 A Zellnder. Pa A Cohn. "arson
E M Mason, Modesto Mrs X Williams >T T
C S Foin & w, Fresno E R Skelley, Ca]
,W W Moreland, Cal Mr« M 8 norland, Cal
< II W Crnhh, Oakville W S Green. Colusa
I G A Adams & v.\ Cal 'W Shew, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
J R Renton. Hawaii 1". T Spencer & f Mo
Mlkh M Wight. Haw .1 H Fennimore & w
R L Peeler, Sacto New Jersey
[ O E Webb. Alameda Anna McCabe, L Ane
j H Frank, NY » ? E Ooodman&w.Napa
W E Plckells, Aus J Flnnell. Napa
F W Lawrence, Mass C F Harms & w N V
Mips Lawrence, Mass J W William-? Ohio
Miss S Crowley, Colo J F Vaile. Colo
C H Schermerhorn, Pa Miss R Short). 8 Gabrl
Mrs Ray, Boston J G Roberts, Madera
Miss Ray, Boston S D Rosenbaum. Stktn
J McCaldin, NY F Fraley, Ariz
P C Bates. Portland B Kidd. London : - 1 ..
J B Clayberg. Mont M S Chenck. N V
R Duncan Jr. Alaska 3 W Hughes, Pacto
A Astley. Australia M Marks. Putter Creek
j J A Sherman. Mo Mrs M Marks, Sutter C
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
j J Bright, Lob Ang W P Gosser, Pittsburg
C J Konnett, Sacto G S Martin. Toronto
0 einer Seattle .J J Douglass &f. Can
| J A Konlg. Utah Mrs Kennedy. Ontario
| C L Bosson, Boston A F Oratz Mass
I W A Potts. Napa R C Poulter. London
F A •£' lva - , et , H. ma C F Burnett. Alaska
J W Borge. S Pablo Mrs F Gamble, Oeden
C \ ) / l 7 ' f - *%**** ■ Miss Gamble, Ogden
J W Duffy, San Jose W Lelfrh B C
1n- P a if • J' h t aKO I , F Whltwell. Australia
1 A McEachen. Fresno Miss Burlage. Sacto
?J jau f ,Y lßalla Mise M Burla*e, Sac
i. an t1161"0^t 1161 " 0^ ~ , R A MadJox.- Modesto
RII cL UKh i ln ; Cal J McKnisM, Chico
° W Condon & f, Cal W Mclntosh. tTklah
IW B Wlprpl. Minn ,T F Haas. & /m C a al
a D a r c ri ke 8 & w ' Cal M ™ J B PaytOn ' Stock
S D Wickes, Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL. \
G E Southgate. Ens R Tyler, NY
C R Arams. S Jose F A Dorn & w. Cal rt
T \\ Norman, Dlxon . M T Brower & w Cal
C L Jones. San Jose J E McMahon. Bartlett
F TonKwith. Sacto EL Hoiiiday. S Cruz s
M A PKchner, Oakland G H Whitney. Colo
'ait cordon. Malto !W R Ha cr, St Paul
W Jones, Eureka IF W Howe, Mont
O A McDermott, Eurka .1 Smith Cal
X A Jones, Eureka ■ MS Bodkin. Chicago
J M Harris. 11 8 N E Johnson. St Louis
E R Glfford&w.Alamaa W S Judson, Fresno
A HBoryner. Chicago J S Russell. Portland
J F Bowen &w. Minn HVogei, Chicago - •
M E Irwln. Minn ;:.,. M Lovejoy & w. C&l •
J Gallagher, Fresno ; Rev V R Haaeltine. Or
NOTARY COONEY
HAS SECURED
A DISMISSAL
The Law Favored the
Accused Man.
HE COULD NOT BE HELD
SUPREME COURT DECISION ENDS
THE CASE.
A Perjury Charge Based on a Deposi
tion Cannot Be Prosecuted Un
less the Deposition Is
Delivered.
The prosecution of ex-Notary J. J.
Cooney for alleged perjury in connection
with the Craven-Fair deeds came to a
halt with a jolt yesterday and the case
was dismissed.
George A. Knight's statement of Mon
day that the prosecution was a farce was
well founded, and the law backed up his
statement. When the case was called yes
terday the jury was completed, and then
Cooney'a attorneys moved for a dismissal.
It was shown as a matter of law that the
prosecution could not continue and Judge
Wallace instructed the jury to bring in a
verdict of acquittal.
After the motion for dismissal had been
made District Attorney Hinkle was re-
I fused an opportunity to present a state
! ment of the allegations the prosecution
; expected to prove. The point of the mo
tion to dismiss was based on the fact that
Cooney's alleged crime was committed in
his giving a deposition to support the Cra
ven-Fair deeds. The statute concerning
perjury provides that if a witness declares
that which he knows to be false then he
is guilty of perjury. In the, case of B
the Supreme Court held that in event per- I
jury was committed, not in open court, i
but in a deposition, the perjurer could not j
be convicted of the offense unless ho baa
delivered the deposition. The information j
against Cooney failed to state that he had
delivered the deposition and wan, there
fore, insufficient to justify further prose- |
cution.
Judge Wallace agreed that the court
was bound by the decision of the Supreme
Court. Had the deposition made by Coo
ney been admitted in the Craven case the j
i information would have been valid and j
the prosecution would have been allowed
I to Introduce testimony for the purpose of
establishing the truth of U»3 perjury
charge.
After the jury, in obedience to Judge
Wallace's Instruction, found a verdict of,
! acquittal, the prisoner was discharged and j
his sureties exonerated from further lia
bility on his bond.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate "f Caroline S;.rlngmann (by executors)
to James B. Putnam, lot on s line of ;
street, 25:3 E of Octavia. E 25 by S 87 1
Charles A. Miller «nd Sam Korn 'wire) to
■ Emil Orack, lot un N line of Fell street. *2:»i
W of I.aKuna, W Tl:6 by X 120, g.uilcia!m
deed; $'.
Thomas Egan to Samuel Garber, lot on N
line of Grove street, 121:10»4 E of Lynn. E 25
by X 137:6; *!».
David I>. Houston (by John K. Moore, at
1 torney) to James Rowe, Western Addition block
7"::. bounded by Grove, Hayes, Shrader and
Stanyan streets, quitclaim deed: $500.
George F. Lyon to William W. Rednali, lot
on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 40 W of
Dolores, W 25 by X 95; $10.
Mary E. Libby to George F. Libby, lot on N
line of Clipper street, 160 W of Nue, W 25 by
N 114; also lot on X line of. Allison avenue,
50 S of Cross street, S 50 by E 120, lot 60, Bernal
Homestead Association; $10.
Marlon. Malcolm T. or Arthur M, William
M. and Hugh T. Sime to The Sime Company
(a corporation), lot on X line of Pine street,
17:S W of St. Mary's place, \V 20:9, X -17:6, W
21:7, X 32, E 60, S 22, W 17 :S, S .".7:>; also Lot
on X line of Jackson street, 122 E of Drumm,
E 15:6 by X 40; $10.
Henry and Elizabeth West to Henry P. P.
West, re-record 1790 d 236, lot on S line of Ellis
street, 137:6 E of Larkin, E (*.:> by S 137:6; $10.
Alexander and Jean MacGregor Boyd to Isa
bella M. or Belle Curtis and Elizabeth or Lizzie
Muir, lot on SE corner of ."utter and Kearny
streets, S 122:6 by E 97:6, and all interest In
ver Mehr place; also lot on S corner of Folsom
and Second streets, SE 275 by SW 137:6; $1.
Akin B. and Madge Grosh to G. H. Cevasco,
lot on x\v line of Harrison street, 60 NE of
Beale. NE 50 by x\\ 87:6; $10.
; Edith A.. John J. and W. F. McEwen to
Helen McEwen, lot on xw line of Folsom
street. 350 NE of Fourth, NE 25 by NW 155 to
Clementina; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednali to George
, 1- . Lyon, lot on W line of Vermont street, 50
, X of Twentieth (Xapa), X 2. , by W 200; also
i lot on \v line of Vermont street, 125 x of
| Twentieth, X 25 by W 100; also lot on E line of
San Bruno avenue (Nebraska), 100 X of Twen
; tieth, X 25 by E 100; also lot on W line of Ver
mont street, 100 S of Nineteenth (Butte), S 25
by \\ 100; also let on E line of San Bruno ave
1 nue (Nebraska), 75 S of Nineteenth (Butte)
S 25 by E 100; $10.
Elizabeth Lamburth to Mary E. Lamburth,
lot on X line of Sierra street, 100 W of Mary
land, \V 2:. by X 100; gift.
Mary E. Larnburth to Casslus E. Lamburth,
sdine: Kilt.
Robert and Minnie N. Hubbs to George F.
Lyon, lot on NE corner of Clement street and
Twenty-sixth avenue, 8 160, XE S3:ll XW 151
W 67:9: $10.
Frank M. and Sarah Ames to Mary A. Wight
man, lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue "5
S of Point Lotos, S 50 by E 120; $10.
James I'", and Annie Cheetham to John A.
Drlnkhouse, lot on S line of X street, 57:6
W "1 Tenth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $1.
Emma Irving to same, lot on S line of X
street, 107:6 W of Tenth avenue, W 50 by S
100: $1.
A. K. P. Jr. and Lizzie D. Harmon to Albert
M. Whittle, lot on NW corner of O street and
Tenth avenue, X 425, W 120, X 50, X 120, X 23
W 32:6, X 100, W 175, S 100. W 32:6, S 500, E 240;
$10. .
Peter McCnnn to Robert T. Brodeck, undi
vided hi OL blocks 953 to f's», 102S in 1038 1036
to lU4O. 1108 to 1111. 1114, 1115 and 1116 %.
Loretta O. Fl.ske to Kate Renshaw.lot on N
line of Garfleld (Sherman; street, 25 vV of Ori
saba, W CO by X 100, lots 2 and 2, block 57, City
Land Association; $4flO.
Alameda County.
Simon and Mary Keopan to John E. Gokey,
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street. 132 E of
Chestnut, S 81:9, \V3, N Sl:9, E 3, to beginning,
block C 33, Oakland; .-50. :
William and Marparet Grose and Central
Bank (by commissioner) to Union Savings
Bank, lot en N\V corner of Fifteenth and Cy
press streets. "VV 30 by N 104:9. beinpr lot 18, ;
block 582, A. Eagge tract, Oakland; $2004.
Ixittie Zlttle to 1.. Eleanor Johnson, lot on
NE line of Monte Vista avenue, 325 SE of Pied- ''
mont or Webster avenue, SE 50 by NE 114, be- :
In* lots 14 and 15, Piedmont Villa tract, Oak- j
land Annex, $375.
Man' Breen to Joseph .1. SUva, lot on N line
of Fifth street, 100 E of West street, E 25 by
N 100. lot 27, block 98, Oakland: $10.
Samuel L. and Harriet Glbbs to Joan C, wife
of Robert Stift, lot on NW corner of Union and
IVralta streets, B 156:8, E 44, N 150:5, Oakland;
$6000. •
Louis and Anne Dahl to Cosmopolitan M. B.
find L. Association, lot on •SW line of East ;
Twenty-second street. '454:84 PR of ■ Twenty
fourth avenue, SE 30 by SW 115. block N. sub
division 50 Associate Tract, Bast Oakland; $900. :
$9CO.
San Francisco Savings Union to Amanda F. j
.White, lot- 33 on Map of Frosts, Thirteenth- !
' avenue Tract, East Oakland; $375.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Charles F. Michaels, lot 90 in plat 36, Moun- i
tain View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $150. '.
Mathlas and Dora Clever to D. L. and Sa- |
rah C. White, lot 2 in subdivision F. Fruitvale
Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township: $250.
Same to Fanm, lot 1, in subdivision F of !
Fruit vale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township; !
$1200. ' ' ■•'"•.•'■ .
Li G. and Mary I. Burpee to Joseph H. and :
Amy E. Crack, lot on E line of First avenue,
223:6 S of Orchard, B 50 by B 150. lot 12, block |
D, Stone Tract. Brooklyn Township, to correct
former deed: $10.
•11. H. and A. G. Pitcher to Anna da C.
Rndriquez, lot on SE line of First street, 410. 77G
NE from point of intersection of First street !
with N Spring:, thence NE 109.436, E 3.472 |
chains, SW 179.462 feet, NW 2.88 chains to be
fclnnlng, portion plat 14, map of Pleasanton
Lands, Murray Township; $250.
Joseph M. and Marianna F. Rose to Mary F.
Davilla (wife of F.). -lots 9, 10, 23 anil 21, map
of lots in Town of Pleasanton as surveyed for
Fred Bernal. Murray ; Township ; $950. \\ } •
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Emily F. Pope (owner) with W. L. Hol
man (contractor), ■ architects- Pissis &. Moore —
Elevators and dumb waiters In building now In
course of construction on ■ NW line of Market
street. 291.04 SW of Sacramento: $3955.
Mount Zlon 1 Hospital Association (owners) .
with Martin Fennell & Son (contractors) archi- .
tect ■M. .1. I>yon— Excavating, ' brick : work, con
crete work and cementing for ." alterations ■ and
additions to a 2-story. frame building on S Una ;
of Sutter street, 137:6 W of Scott, S 137:6 by W
82:8: $694. , . ' • - ■■'
Same with W. J. Field (contractor), architect
same— Carpenter and mill work, tin and gal
vanised iron work, lathing and plastering, glass
and glazing-, patent ventilators, stairs, hard
ware for same on same: $SSSO.
Police Court Grafters.
Mrs. Walsh, 458 Athens street, swore to
a complaint in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday against her husband, James
Walsh, on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. She complained that Mon
day, when she visited the hall to make
complaint against her husband, she met a
man who gave his name as McCabe and
he drew up a complaint for her, charging
her $5. The matter was reported to the
police and Policeman Wagner was in
structed to look out for McCabe.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 4.
Stmr Scotia, Thompson, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, — hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Arrata, Reed, 50 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. 57 hours from Coos
Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT OAMBI.E — Balled October 4— Sehr
Chnr Hnnpnn, for San Francisco.
PORT BRAGG— Sailed October 4— Stmr Noyo,
foi San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 3— Br stmr Olym
p!a, from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 2— Br ship Sena
tor, from Portland. Or.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Sept 6— Br ship
Levenbank. from Swansea. Tn sail about Oct
8: barn Louisiana, for Pujret Sound. Sept ir>—
Rus ship Fennla, for New Caledonia: Ocr bark
Artemis, for Tacoma. Sept 17— Ger ship Scnlf
bek, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 4.— Stmr Weimar,
from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Hekla,
fp>m New York.
MOVlLLE— » rrived Oct 4— Stmr Furnessia,
from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Ems, for
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Majestic,
from New Orleans.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Maasdam,
from New York.
«?AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock even,' night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2">26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second an Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and S. •
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) _JV.
EVENING, October 5, at $ o'clock. TCJT
for business and degrees. By order of/ V >
the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Recorder.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and m
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (WED- A.
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. lC IT
THEO. CROUCH, Secretary. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WED.NES- A.
DAY) EVEXIXG. October 5. at 7:ii"'srjf
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec. /V>
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133, F. and A. ■
M— Stated meeting THIS (WEDXES- J\
DAY) EVENING. October 5, at 7:30 X sf
j o'clock. H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary, /V^
I PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F. -^^UMii,
There will be a double initiation JS&>SKxL
on THURSDAY EVENING, Oc- =SsHSPS§?
tober 6; also an interesting ad- ™ ||N
dress by Brother C. .1. KING. Visiting broth-
ers are cordially invited.
JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
TO, H. CLAUSEN, Rec. Sec.
THE quarterly meeting of Servian- . #
Montenegrin L. and B. Society -rßy
will be held this (WEDNES- -&&JP
DAY) EVENING, October 5, IS9S. frr™"2l. J 4
at 7:30 o'clock, at 10 California '3KW»iSS(
st. All officers and members are jHlFnntr^l
earnestly requested to attend. t?i'£«l«3fc(il
Fine lor non-attendance will be VvjCSSrVf
strictly enforced: By order of Vjflh«Wroi'
JOHN- GLAVIXOVICH. Pres. Vs-St^
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH,
Secretary-. ■ •
i THE regular meeting of the San Fran- . a
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be |||
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- AWA W .
ING, October 5, 1898. at B. B. Hall, <4s*7
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full at- ZrftL
tendance requested. Business of im- " W*
portance. °
E. J. BRANDON, President.
NOTICE— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 11. IS9S. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
San Francisco. September 29. IS9B.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d St.
i BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room C; tel. 5550.
SITUATIONS WAXTEU-FEMALK.
t
• ~ ■ ■- - ~ --. — - . .-^. —
, FOUR American hotel housekeepers: 13 first-
class hotel chambermaids; 12 first-class hotel
waitresses: all can furnish best of references.
For Interview or particulars call on C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. phone Grant
185.
ALL families can be suited with good ser-
vants at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary
ft. ; phone Grant 185.
AMERICAN first-class hotel cook: meat and
pastry; 3 years' reference last place; wants
place city only; not le?s than $50. Apply for
particulars C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
COMPETENT young German girl desires situa-
tion at housework, second work or nurse; $12
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT American cook, good laundress,
best of references, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl to assist: strong and will-
ing; $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN, good business manager and house-
keeper, good German cook, wishes position in
road house, country h"tel or mining camp;
I understands tending bar; city references. A.
A., box 1499, Call office.
NEAT middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper in gentleman's house; is a good
cook and seamstress; city or country; refer-
ences. 522 Stockton st.
WOMAN wishes situation in private family;
thoroughly understands cooking and house-
work; will do plain washing; $10. 324 Wash-
ington st.
REFINED North German girl wishes a posi-
tion to do chamber work in a private family
or hotel. Call at 124 Cedar aye., between
Post and Geary, near Laguna.
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl 3 years old,
wishes housework or cooking; no objection
small wash; no triflers; wages moderate. Ad- I
dress 744 Howard st.
NEAT American widow, elderly, wishes posi-
tion .as housekeeper; good cook; likes chil-
dren; washing, mending, housecleanlr-g; sal-
ary small. 322 Minna St. ..
RELIABLE woman wishes situation; city or
country; moderate wages; kind to children;
no postals without carfares. Box 885, Call.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, first-class fitter,
goes out at ?1 50 per day. Address MRS.
FLOUR, 5618 Minna st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work at wash-
Ing or cleaning; not less than $150 per day
Call at 511 Bryant st.
TWO refined young girls desire situations In
■ country residence. Address box 1166, Call.
WOMAN, first-class housekeeper, good German
cook, wishes position; city references. Address
box 864, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ment by the day; work guaranteed. 28 Sixth.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as work-
ing housekeeper. 1212 Scott st. '
YOUNG woman would like a position as nurse
■ to Invalid lady or child. t Box 1174. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman would like housework
by the day; $1 and carfara. 2 Shaw place, off
Mission, near Second st. "
WANTED— Situation in Jewish family by Ger-
man cli'l; housework. Call or address • 362
Grove st. - ■ • -
COMPETENT dressmaker, wishes engagements
by the day. Address 23 Langton st. bet
Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG girl would like to do light housework-
wages $10 to $12. Address 1316 Vallejo st.
MIDDLE-AGED I woman wishes situation 5 «ltv
{or country, to do light housework Addlv (Us
■ Mission Bt., off Third. PPi Mb
GOOD cook and laundress; lately from. Phila-
delphia; good references; understands milk
and butter. 206 Fifth St. UK
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as house-
keeper, chambermaid or cook in mining town.
Address box S6O, Call office.
WE are 6 waitresses Just returned from the
springs and want places in the City. Ad-
dress box 15C0, call of flee. •
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
: iITUATION wanted by competent girl for gen-
eral housework and cooking: 6 years in last
1 place. Call 3911 A Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class American
cook for down stairs work. Address lblO iia.-
ker st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants situation
• as working housekeeper. 259 Stevenson st.,
between Third and Fourth, near Market.
1 AN American woman wants place in the coun-
•■ try, with girl 5 years of age. as working
housekeeper. Box 1168, Call office.
■ GERMAN girl wishes situation In small fam-
ily to do general housework and cooking. 1
. Fumner.st., bet. 7th and Sth, off Howard.
' inRST-CLASS American cook; city or coun-
try: no objection to plain washing. 103 Julian
aye.
SECOND work or assist in light housework. $12
to $15; good references. 163 Julian aye.
MIDDL.E-AGKI' woman wishes situation:
housework or boarding house; city; $10. 1149
Mission st.
" AN American competent Protestant old lady
speaking French wishes a position as com-
panion or to assist In sewing, cooking or gen-
1 eral management; a good home more of an
object than wages; country preferred. Ad-
dress box 851. Call office. _______
' eTtUATION wanted by a reliable woman to
do cooking and housework; city or country;
kind to children; good references. Call 2 days
at 123 Olive aye., bet. Van Ness and Polk.
. GERMAN woman wants few more places to
wash or do any kind of work by the day.
Call or address 78% Clementina St., in base-
ment, near Second. _^
'■ WOMAN wants work by the day or week;
I pleep home; city reference. 420 Shotwell St.
: YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework; wages $12. Call 819 Diamond st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
Ironing-; first-class laundress. Address 349 Vi
Minna st.. room 1.
1 J OLIARLt i girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework, second work or take care
of children; references. 1120 A Golden Gate.
' GERMAN girl wants position, general house-
work; wages $20 per month. Inquire 2 Tay
fit., off Clay, between Powell and Mason.
YOUNG German girl wants position to assist
In housework or with children. 422 Greenwich.
YOUNG girl wishes situation taking care of a
child. Apply 3335 Twenty-sixth st.
1 WANTED— Housework, or by the day; city or
country; references given. Address C, box
2, Call office, Oakland^
RESPECTABLE woman with child 3 years
wants housework or cooking; wages moder-
ate; no triflers. Address box 736, Call office.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
BIT_ATIO*S WANTED— 31AL.E.
SWEDISH couple desires situation on a ranch;
capable of doing all kinds of work; best ref.
JIISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
' JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East *28-__
RELIABLE, steady, middle-aged German
wishes situation as coachman and gardener,
careful driver; good references: city or coun-
try. Address D., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
MAN and wife ■'.'-sire situations In private res-
dence :clty' or country; man to take care of
place; wife for housework. Address box 567,
Call office.
WANTED— A situation as driver by a respon-
sible man that speaks German and English
fluently. Address box 1498, (.rail office^
BOOKKEEPER, JO, desires engagement; thor-
knoui.Hige of single and double entry;
highest references. Box 1176, Call office.
POSITION driving team of not less than 4 and
not more than 10, or take charge of ranch.
Bo_ 889, Tall office^
CHINESE first-class cook, will help washing,
desires a place; city or country; good refer-
ences. Address 703 Dupont st. Tel. _t_tn 1788.
COMPETENT cook desires steady situation in
restaurant or oyster house. Call or address
GEORGE WENSE. l_j Eighth st.
EXPERIENCE!* porter would like a position
In hotel or wholesale house. Box 1173, Call.
ELDERLY, strong, sober German wants situ-
ation a-- watchman or other employment;
bandy at anything; city or country. Box
829, '"all office.
WANTED— By a young German-American, a
position as grocery clerk and barkeeper; city
or country; can give good references. Ad-
dress L....X 847, CaH office.
\V< il'I.D like a position running an elevator or
some light work: have 16 months' experience
In dry goods and groceries; good behavior;
best city references. 1045 Market St., room 12.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted as coachman or
work about private place; experienced driver;
best references; $20. Address box 849. Call^
BUTLER with first-class city references; will-
Ing and obliging. SOS Van Ness ai-e.
FIRST-CLASS Ovman saloon porter wants
place as p irter or lunchman. Please send ad-
dress __ Fourth St., room 63.
GERMAN, middle aged, good references, wants
situation as watchman In private or business
place. C. H., 127 Turk st.
COACHMAN or trainer, first-class man. and
experienced; first-class references from Eu-
rope and East; single; age 28. Address 931
Howard st.
WANTED— Position as foreman on ranch by
responsible man 34 years old: has been fore-
man on large grain and stock ranch for past
7 years;, can furnish Al references as to abil-
ity, character, etc. Box 819, Call office.
EXPERIENCED family cook (Chinese) wishes
position. SAM, 744 Sacramento st
SITUATION to work In a private family; can
do ail kinds of work: gardening, care of
horses and hnndy with tools; best references;
Scotch. R. M. LORIN. Alameda Co.. Cal.
EN . .INEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in "boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office. '_
SITUATION wanted by first-class German
gardener: can take care of horses and milk:
good vegetable gardener; handy with tools.
Address box 941. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
4 WAITRESSES, city and country. $25; 2
chambermaids to waft. $2'i; 2 chambermaids,
$15; chambermaid, $4 week: 2 restaurant
waitresses, $5. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 104
Geary rt.
OIRL for country, $25, see party here; house
girl for Alameda. see lady here, $20; and a
great many girte for small families in city;
Swedish weman to keep house for old gentle-
n-.an in country, $13. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES. $20 each: chambermaid, wait
515. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country, 3 in family $30, see lady here
MISS (TI.I.KN. 3Bj p utt e r st.
CHAMBERMAID and waltrpss. country, $20.
_MISS CULLKN. MB Sutter st.
NURSE g»rl, $10. MI_S~CULLEn7I2S Sutter
street.
YOUNG girl as assistant nurs« . lIS. MISS CUL-
LEN, __ Butter st
CHAMBERMAID, wait one meal, $la! MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30, Swedish preferred! MISS t'fl.-
l.K.v. 326 sutter st. .
WAITRESS and chambermaid. $20, sleep home.
_MISS CULLEN. 336 Sutter st.
COOK, Jewish family, ftt! MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK. Mayflel-, US. 3 in family: housew ork,
Modesto, $20; Redwood City $20; l- hou?e-
Wort rirls, 512 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter St.
COOK, small boarding house. $30: second girl,
same h.use, $15, see party here at U' to-day;
2 waitresses and chambermaids, country
hotels. $20; 4 restaurant waitresses. $:! 50. $5
and $6 week; and others. J. F. CROSSTT &
CO.. 310 Sutter st. _-
NEAT firi for housework, American family of
lintry. $2". J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter M.
COOK and second girl, same house. $25 and $20;
French second girl. $2": nurse, infant, etc.,
;:.'; Z young second girls. |15; E cooks in
German and American families. US and $30;
and a great many girls for housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework, $20; 23
housegirls. $25 and $20; _urse__i, HO; young
girl to assist. $12. no cooking. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st. ;
COOK. Berkeley. $3«: Menlo Park. $30; cook,
institution. $40; Swedish cook, private fam-
ily, $40. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl institution, $1,~>; chambermaid,
US; waitress, $13. MRS. NORTON". riut-
ter st.
MOTHER and daughter or friends to work in •
a students' boarding house. $45, as cook and
second work. MHS. NORTON. 313 Suttt-r st.
LAD- stenographer and typewriter; rapid
operator; hours. Sto 6:30; salary, $3 per week; .
must have office experience. Box 866, Call. 1
MIDDLE-AGED woman, German preferred, for
general housework: $10 per month. Call bet.
1 and 3, 1125 Bush st.
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
YOUNG girl for general housework; plain cook- '
ing; small family. Call 9 to 12 a. m., 1810
Laguna st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged. woman for light house-
work in small family; good home; mail
wages. 716 Franklin st. ,
WANTED— girl assist housework, help '
with child. £65 Bryant st. ; $10.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking.
Apply 1701 Geary st. ■
GIRL wanted to assist with light housework
and help with baby. .'.47 Jessie st.
GOOD operators and finishers on custom pants.
466 Clementina St., near Sixth.
GIRL to assist in housework. 827 Golden
Gate aye. ; upstairs.
WANTED German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework and cooking. 1073% Market.
ANTED— Second girl and waitress. 1073 - ~i
Market st. ________________
YOUNG, energetic, capable women to take or-
ders for custom shirts in city. Box 870, Call.
YOUNG girl for light housework; also good
cook wanted. 1075% Market st.
SMART, neat girl help with children and make
herself useful. 512 Minna st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
plain cooking. Call 9 to 12, 1712 Octavia s-t.
1 APPRENTICE wanted dressmaking; paid while
learning. 625 Golden Gate five.
1 WANTED— Woman to work in restaurant. Ap-
ply 113 Turk st.
NEAT steady girl for housework; wages $S to
$10; references required. 847 Haight St.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2125
Pine st., morning.
' EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats
927 Market st., room 623.
LADIES wanted to do plain needle work at -i
home; good wages. 120 Sixth Ft., room _
WANTED— Apprentice at dressmaking! 120%
I Hayes st. , ''
STRONG young girl to help in kitchen. l£0«
Kentucky st., near Twenty-second.
WANTED— A finisher on custom coats and
; make button holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
GOOD hair worker and ventilator. 240 Stock-
ton st, near Post. MME. FAUST.
AMATEURS for vaudeville company; state
what you do. Address box 544, Call office.
NEAT young girl to work In candy store; Ger-
man preferred. Call bet. 10 and 12. 230 Sixth.
, I GIRL for general housework and children. 3552
I Twenty-second st.
i — "* —
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist la
housework; 3 adults In the family. Call be-
fore noon, 1318 Masonic aye. ; take Haight
st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted. SCHIMMEI.
& HOVER, 408 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted. SCHIM-
MEL & HOVER. 408 Sutter St.
YOUNG German girl to help in kitchen. Apply
324 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED hand on ladies" waists to
work In factory; also apprentice. 409 A Turk.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats; steady
work. 239 Folsom st.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont «t.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions-
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WAJVTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary Ft.—
Wanted— soo rockmen and laborers for Skag-
uay and White Pass Railroad; wages, 30c
an hour: work all winter.
Mr. John Stanley. Mayor of Skaguay, is
here and can be seen at our office. C. R. '
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— of teamsters and laborers for
the Coast Road; free fare; regular wages C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
"WANTED — Gang of teamsters and laborers for
the Mountain Road, in the heart of the gold-
mining district; special rates. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Gang of teamsters and rockmen for
the Valley Road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
"WANTED— Gang of quarrymen for a new mar-
ble quarry; steady work; two-thirds fare
paid; $2 per day and up. C. R. HANSEN •_
CO.. 104 Geary st.
HORSESHOER for camp. $1 25 a a day and
board; wheelwright, $1 25 a day and board
long Job, two-thirds fare paid. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 LABORERS for a large mine and smelter,
$1 60 to $2 50 a day; steady work; no experi-
ence required. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. . •Ft
CHRIS LORENZO, the quarryman. wanted.
Write or call on C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10.
Geary st.
25 SHOVELERS. $1 75 a day, board where you
like; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10.
Geary st.
YOUNG man of good address and extensive
acquaintance for a wholesale wine house, $65' \
French, German or Slavonian. C. R. HAN- '
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
COOK, small private boarding-house, country,
$40; short order cook, $8 to $10 a week; 4
waiters for a large boarding-house, country, *
$25: cook for a ferryboat, $35. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY _ READY.... MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want To-Day
463 More Men for Arizona
carpenter for a ranch; machinist for country;
2 boys to learn trades, city; typewriter, coun-
try; young map for city butcher chop and
wagon. $1S and found.
Free Fare R. R. Work Free Fare
126 laborers and teamsters, $2 and $1 75 day.
634 and 636 Clay st.
Telephone Main 5848
9 COOKS. $12 week, $45 and $30 per month and
found; 8 waiters, $30, $25 and $20 and found; 5
dishwashers, $25, $20 and $15 and found. MUR- •
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
PASTRY baker, country hotel, no bread, $40
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
AT $1 85 Four-horse teamsters — $1 85 day.
6 men for this Job: fare 65c: steady job. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay et.
AT $26. $25 and found, farm hands: steady Jobs:
45 men for the above jobs In different parts ox
California. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. ■ .
60 WOODCHOPPERS, see boss here to-day,
tools and food furnished, $1 50 and $1 cord,
good timber, all winter's work: also 50 -wood-
choppers and 55 tlemakers for different places.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
AT $2 50 day— Common laborers— 50 day—
the gold mines mo experience required); 863
days work a year for a fcreat mining syndi-
cate. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
AT $25 and found, teamsters, two horses. $23
and found; 15 men: fare 50c: Job is steady.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT $2 day for laborers for placer gold mines;
12 men wanted at once. MURRAY & READY, J
034 and 636 Clay st. ££
MARRIED (no objection to children) man to
cut wood at $1 60 cord; wife to cook. $30 per
month for herself. MURRAY & READY. 634
and KM Clay st.
FOREMAN, teamster and stableman, camp,
city. $30 and found: 2 stablemen, country. *
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 teamsters, different jobs. $1 75 day: 55 la- '
borers, different Jobs. $1 75 day: 5 laborers,
board yourself home, $1 75 day. , MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. "
WANTED— For water works, near city, 50 la-
boring men at $32 50 per month and board,
office fee $1.
- BO ~ood choppers »•••••
$1 25 to SI 10 per cord, tools and provisions
advanced, all winter's Job '.;...
20 laborers near city. $1 75 per day ••
; •••
W. D. . EWER 4 CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 wlnerv hands, Santa Clara
County. $26 and board: 2 ranch teamsters. $26;
4 farmhands. $26; youn^ man for private
place, $15: cobbler for .Institution. $15 to $17 50
per month and good home: milker, near city,
$20; young German, wash dishes, nice saloon,
$5 per Week; cooks, waiters and others;
swamper. $30. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. . . __
WANTED— 7S laborers. long Job. sure pay. $1 75
day; 4 teamsters. $1 60 day: blacksmith for
railroad power boose, $55: Jobbing blacksmith
and ehoer. • $2 50 day: 4 more drift gravel
miners $40 and board: carpenter. $; 50 day;
hoy to learn trade, $3 to $5 week; errand boy.
$15; handy man about machinery 'for mine,
$2 day: choremen. $10 and $25: and others
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st. ;
WANTED— Chef for sanitarium. $50 to $60*
cook and wife, short distance, private board-
ire: house. $45; cook for club of young men
$40: also dishwafher. $15. and 2 waiters $25*
Fame place; colored boy to wait at table'
$17 .'I; baker's helper. $20 and found; dish- i
• wnFhpr. $5 week; and others. Apply to I If k'
CROSI & CO., 628 Sacramento st. -^*)
WANTED— Butler, country, $45: butler $40
city; butler and wife; dishwashers. $13 to $30-
laundrymnn. $23: shirt ironer, $35; driver - for _
bakery. $20: waiter, $30; cooks, etc ■ AN- ', '"T.-'fl
DRE'S. 316 Stockton st. i; W " :
CHEF.' $50 per month. MISS CULLEN, 323 S_t- ■v i
ter st. .'..■': .. • ...... *
AN errand. boy, $15 per month, MISS CULLEN
325 Suiter st. -'. v __.._.■,,BEL- WANTED— Continued.
for mills, woods, yard and
roads Vg .'i">' board; runs all winter; chore-
man and milk on ranch $20; 1 plow hands
winter iob $20: 2 wheelbarrow men, $26 and
wirri- «tro'nt4 boy, $6 a week; cooks, $30 and
$33- waiter country hotel, $25. R. T. WARD
& CO.. 60S 'and 61U Clay st.
•s shOVE__;rs for pipe line near city. $30 and
""board: -'^ laborers for quarry. $30 and board;
10 laborers for brick yard. $30 and board;
office !><■ for above Jobs, 60c, and fare paid.
X T. WARD & CO., GuS and 610 Clay st.
MAN and wife to do cooking and waiting in
a students' boardlns house, $45. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— 7 varnlshers for country; $3 per
day. Call room 1205, Claus Spreckels building:,
S this morning.
TAILORS, coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN, SIMON ft CO., Mar-
ket and Second sts.
WANTED— Plasterers to stay away from San
Francisco as there are .plenty, of men and
are on strike.
WANTED— First-class solicitor for tailoring
establishment: big commisssion. Address box
1169, Call office.
6 LABORERS, 3 teamsters. $1 per day; board
and room. Sixteenth and Railroad ayes.
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable
situation. Proprietor. 1304 Franklin, Oakland.
WANTED— Violinist to give lessons . in ex-
change for room rent. Box 555, Call office.
WANTED— Strong boy to carry evening papers.
Address 1215 Kearny St.
YOUNG German for kitchen worß: wages $1;
to $18. S. E. cor. Bush and Devlsadero stß.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at Magnolia Cafe,
4-6 East St., opp. ferry; $.» per week.
YOUNG man to work around a restaurant. Call
ISOS Haight st.
PAINTERS wanted. 310 Clementina st. Call
early.
WANTED — plain cook for a boarding house.
Apply Hermann House, 2013 Folsom St.
BOY wanted at 630 Post st.
WANTED — Two good tailors on coats at once.
Apply 2519 Greenwich st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 6 Mon-
roe st., off Bush, bet. Stockton and Powell.
PRESSER wanted; mostly ladies' clothes. 405
Putter st.
FIRST-CLASS carpenters wanted. Beulah and
Stanyan sts.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 1322 Powell st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1727 Market st.
WANTED— house painters. CLARK'S, 808
Larktn st.
NIGHT cashier familiar with restaurant busi-
ness. Call 10 to 12 a. m., 23 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS second cook. 31 Stockton st.
MAN wanted to do porter work. 34 Ellis st.
BOY for grocery and bar: apply to-day. ED
GORMAN. 1419 Folsom St.
WANTED— Sign painter. GIBBS, 37 Eighth
street.
MEN'S second-hand shoes, some nearly new;
25c to $1. 562 Mission St., bet. First & Second.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those wn > have legally declared
their Intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information airly at the recruiting <-.fflce, 28
Eliis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Capable man of good address to in-
troduce a labor-saving device among book-
keepers; state reference and age. Address
box 542. Call Bee.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed :kin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 160 large
roiras; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trace guaranteed $15. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— 2O laborers and 15 teamsters. 1301
Turk st.
WANTED— Bunch breaker with knowledge of
rolling cigars; also stripper. P. C. BLICK,
2766 Twenty-second st., near Bryant.
JEWELERS— 323 Bush St., office No. 4, third
floor.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 328
Bush St.. office No. 4, third floor.
WANTED — First-class ladies' tailor. A. L.
BOWHAY, 504 Sutter It
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
EOleing. SBc; only one price. 933 Howard St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Butter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; teL Grant 136.
MEN an'J women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 135<H Eighth st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. ICA Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 2oc night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms, We and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard St.".
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st., near
Market: 500 rooms, C."c night; reading-room;
free "bus anil baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS~ WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Ottr War
With Spain— Incidents and Results,"
Civil. Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. -Russell. Sen.
Procter (Vt 1 and Hen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest Beller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted We pay freight, give credit. Write
-, r a. r^ herB -
A— slo PER day made by selling "History of
Our War With Snail and other articles
■; r VER -
WE want good canvassers; we will give you
the best show ypt. Room 14, 606 Montgomery.
van': Canvassers in every Pacific Coast
city. NATIONAL NOVELTY CO.. 1139 Mission.
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— or three housekeeping rooms
rnrnl.shfd or unfurnished, within seven blocks
from Hayes st. carhouse. Address C. B
BOND, 1537 McAllister st.
FURNISHED room in private family: home l-
ike; no other roomers; state price. Box S6L
Call office.
"WANTED— One or two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. Box 1137, Call office.
ONE or 2 unfurnished rooms by German lady
w with one child: reasonable. Box 705. Call.
HOUSES WANTED.
FAMILY wishes to purchase a house of 6 or
7 rooms, north of Market St.. above Powell
Address box ,M 3, Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
MAN. wife and two boys, II and 14 ' years'
would like to board in Jewish private board-
ing-house: state terms. Box 1495. Call office.
WANTED- M ISCELLANKO US.
A LOT of old windows; any size; must bo
cheap. Address box 1494, Call office.
WRITING desk in good condition, with book-
case attached. Box '"'. Call office.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus second-hand. ' 109 Montgomery at.
LOST.
LOST— A gold medal. Return to JAMES LAW-
_LER. 41 Turk st.; reward.
OLD gold, diamonds and wedding presents
bought at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LADY'S old English gold • watch and chain,
With cross and pencil, Friday, on Market or
Ellis sts. Liberal reward room 23. 230 Mont-
Koir.ory st.
L d S T, - 1 u< * ?rla y. bunch of keys. Return to M.
GOL j^gN ! j502 24th st. Liberal reward.
C ££,' l • ICaTE No - 234 for 10 shares of the San
i««f,»H * and Ban Joaquin Valley Railroad, '
™ u l to A : n °- ROSS, has been lost and a
{!* a .™_ of . tV> Is hereby offered for delivering :
the same to A. (}. Rfs>, 201. Montgomery tit.
1O1.M). ~
o > wr!e?^tn P 8 Mtch wlth bam*— and bell;
paving for !\ a . c same by Proving property,
So?%, ccatn tb oo 1 faff t!c « aWI a Bmall reward.'
FOUND-Po C ketbook.~7iio~6 Franklin St. '
__~^- TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly I
used for sale cheap; send for samriles nnrt
prices. ALEXANDER & C0.. n0 Montgomery
A Hammond, $25; Callgrarh. $16; Yost $2.V 1
get cample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st. I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
| SALOON men attention; tine saloon or
city front, opposite ferries; full value ir
sight; doing good business; must be sole
this week, account departure; cheap at $800
don t miss this bargain. National Agency,
7 Grant aye.
$650— OLD- ESTABLISHED bakery; receipts $51
I a day; fine horse and wagon; 3 living rooms
cheap rent; retiring from business; a bar
j gain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WE have buyers for any legitimate business
parties wishing to cell give us a call; coun-
try correspondence solicited. National Agency
7 Grant aye.
j $450— FINE corner saloon; clears $75 month.
, I bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
i $300— GROCERY and bar; 3 rooms: rent $23; ful
i value. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
I $450— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variet:
! store; near school; receipts $350 month; •
rooms; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant ay
1 $250 -PARTNER wanted In old established of-
; fice business: will clear $75 month to each.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
; A— s7«T-CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
: rooms; rent $27 iiO: one block south of Market
average dally receipts 5 18 : 2 barrels Whisky ii
; stock. Particulars, WILKB & UNFUG, &0(
1 ' Market st.
A— S4OO— SALOON in lively country town, do-
' ing a good business: horse atid cart; best
location, close to railroad depot; rent $20.
; Particulars WILKE &UN FUG, 906 Market.
A— s4so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on Market st., with 5 living rooms; low rent,
established years and clearing about $aope:
month; a splendid offer. Call \\ ILKh. _
■ UNFUG, MM Market st.
! A— S4OO— CORN_R saloon with club room; rent
$30, best location: surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
tlculars. WILKE & UNFUG. __ Market st.
1 A-LIST your store — -rorerty — — —
Or business place with
I i W. KG & UNI L'G, 906 Market St.
1 The old estab. and reliable Business Agents.
■ a— S2OOO— PARTNER; Usht !lif £- business; $ioc
per mo. salary; exchange for good lodging-
house of equal value. KREDO & CO., 22/$
Geary st
A— S3SO— HOTEL and bar; water front; 17 fur-
nished rooms; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22 Vs Geary st. "
" $1700— ROAD house; elegantly fitted up; fine
bar; receipts $1500 monthly. KREDO & CO.
: 12000-^PARTNER; light mfg. business; $100 per
mo salary; exchange for good lodging house
of equal value. KREDO & CO., 22>- Geary.
' A— 5250 hotel and bar, water front, 17 fur-
nished rooms; clears $100.. KREDO & CO.,
[ MH Geary st.
A— sl:oo— I'lU'G store: fine corner; $20 dally;
stock will invoice SKOO. KREDO & CO.
A— sl7oo; ROAD house; elegantly fitted up: fine
j bar: receipts $1500 monthly. KREDO & CO.
$250— SALOON; 3 blocks Call building; long es-
tablished; sickness sole cause sale; a bar-
; gain. JONES & SEARLL, 665 Market 6t.
OALYARD; 1 block from Market St.;
horse, " wagons, stock; doing good business.
JONES & SEARLL, 865 Market st.
$250— SALOON; good location; good business.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; a bargain if sold this week.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
i $150 — CIGAR stand; bargln this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St. _
GROCERY and saloon for sale; first-class stock
groceries, liquors, etc.; NE. corner Oak and
Scott sts. For Information apply at prem-
ises or to CURTIN & HEALS, room 24. third
floor. Mills building; lease 2 to 5 years.
A— BIG bargain; must be ''sold at once; 8
rooms; new furniture; make offer. F. C.
HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
; $300 — HOME bakery; Mission; counter trade
$15 daily; low rent; 3 rooms; trial. BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market St.; above Seventh.
DEAD sure big mining proposition for party
with $15, cash; open to most thorough ex-
pert investigation. Address box E6S, Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; one block from the Bald-
win Hotel. Full particulars by application to
Hayes Valley brewery, 512 Grove st.
| WANTED — Partner in growing manufacturing
I enterprise; can use $uOuo to $15,000 as business
i develops. Address box 553, Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying carriage shop, with all
tools; good location; old-established, Particu-
lars call 329 Golden Gate aye., 12 to 1.
1 SUNNY store, bar; 3 rooms; brick basement;
fixtures complete; cheap. . NE. cor. Dolores
! and Fifteenth sts.
I FINE paying grocery store for sale or ex-
change houuo and lot; city or across the bay.
i change house and lot; city or across the bay.
EITJEL, UUfi Market st.
FOR sale— Barber shop, with baths attached,
in lively country town. Address 122 Third St.,
i San Francisco.
$650— AN old established market on principal
business street; good reason for selling. Box
1178. Call office.
BRANCH bakery, with coffee parlors: cheap.
Apply 2325 Mission st., near Twentieth.
FOR pale — Frst-class two-chair barber shop.
Address box SS4, Call office.
FINELY fitted up branch bakery; $250. 3027
Sacramento st.
$100— PARTNER candy factory; teach you to
make candies. Apply to-day, 428 Sixth st.
$400— CLEARS $100 per month; 4-chair barber
shop. Box 1436, Call office.
$300— STATE right of Oregon and Washington;
good selling article. Box 1493, Call office.
PAYING liquor store north Market st. for sale
or partner. NATHAN LEVY, 265 Third st.
CASH grocery— Fine business corner, cor. Del-
1 mas aye. and San Salvador St., San Jose; lot
I 137:2x46; new house, including store. 3 rooms,
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
I sewer finished; street car on Delmas aye.;
worth $3000; will sell for $2500. Apply at store.
TO Let— A well established bakery In San Ra-
fael on the principal street: also a corner
store suitable for grocery. For further par-
ticulars apply R. MAGNES, San Rafael, Cal.
— Responsible party to purchase dairy
store; one who will contract for my milk,
eggs and butter; Income over $400 per month.
Apply at 1109 Folsom st.
Al CHICKEN ranch: good orchard: running
water. Box 26. Diamond P. O.
SEVERAL Inventions for Bale; U. S. Interest,
$SCO. DAVID CHAMBERS. St. Nicholas Ho-
tel, from 3 to 6.
FOR SALE— Cheap: the Silver Dollar saloon,
312 Sansome st. ; must be sold.
FINE paying restaurant; must be cold; owner
going to Europe In haste; no agents. Apply
at Call office.
WANTED— SmaII tea and coffee route or store.
M. M. S.. box 983. Call office.
FOR — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea.
spices, etc: supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 Beale st.
WELL stocked grocery and bar. Apply WICH-
MAN X- LUTGEN. SIS Clay St.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and no
light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 60 up: gold fillings. $1 up: silver, 50c up:
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS 8 Ma-
son St.. corner Market: phone South 781.
A FULL Bet of teeth. $:,: see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c{ crowns, $3 50- all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold $1 up: silver 25c
up; bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 19 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set >
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 2;"ic up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings
997 Market St., corner Sixth...
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market «t., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The CallT
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— The furniture of a C-room flat, In
good condition: a bargain; no dealers. Ad-
drews 237 . Franklin st. -. ,
IIKMTCRK WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. B.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. P.AUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 10r.7 Market St.: tel. Jessie 33.
_ __ STORAGE. ™
P^ERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co., !
; office Tenth and Market; telephone South 161
PHYSICIANS.
. 1
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence, I
1206 Market; dleases of women . . specialty.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, I^9S.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAX.B.
» 26-ROOM house; clears $200; only $40<
1 Co rooms; for exchange, 2501
1 28-room corner; price in office
, I IS-room uou»e on Sixth st 50(
, I 25 rooms; sunny corner 110(
15-room house; clears $100 501
• : 21-room house; central; clears $150 £0(
0 32-room house; best in the city.. 100(
: 12-room house; worth $800 1 30(
- j 60-room house; worth $8000 3001
15-room house; on Sutter st 45(
" 24-ru m house; clears $150 140'
• ! 20-room house; worth $1000 40(
" | BO other houses, from 3to 200 rooms. All pried!
. I Money to loan on any house
: ABSTRACTS FURNISHED SHOWING
: ! CLEAR TITLE WITH. EVERY HOUSE 1
SELL. ■
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
1 ; A— KREDO & CO 22i£ Geary st.
- ! Money advanced on all houses.
f i 7 rooms; Turk st. : all rented $27;
4 : 11 rooms; new and elegant: O'Farrell St.. 50(
. | 12 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $40 5<X
15 rooms; Third St.; rent only $30 27S
22 rooms; dining-room; corner 1701
A— s6oo; 23 rooms: monthly receipts $115: rent
- $45; good furniture. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
; I A— s6oo; 37 rooms; centrally located; clears $15C
l month; snap. KREDO & CO., 22^4 Geary st.
5 .—•. — • 1 ,— ■
A— sl6oo; 53 rooms; bay-window corner: cen-
trally located; clears $150 month: $1000 cash,
; balance time. KREDO & CO., 22Vi Geary st
, j A— S2-ROOM house; best transient house
. ■ in city: 2 entrances: a bargain
48 rooms; north or Market st. ; fine $12«
* ' 14 rooms; near Call building; new 5".
: 31 rooms; Feiprt: transient; corner ISoC
r IS rooms; rent $50 451
: 22 rooms; north of Market; clears .$125.... 115f
13 rooms; all new furniture 57:
[ IF YOU TILL CALL ON US
I WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,
I PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
, F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
I WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
— RELIABLE BROKERS-
. I ' 14 rooms;- near Orpheum: rent toO $ 45(
! 20 rooms; corner; new furniture MM
i 29 rooms: rent $".0: good Investment 75(
) 41 rooms; rent $110; new 250(
- _60 rooms: rent $90; offer wanted S0(
i "61 rooms; brand new; money-maker 26C(
66 rooms; rent $125; investigate this 16<K
We handle only first-class paying houses.
, $1100— $400 CASH buys 80 rooms clearing *15(
month, balance easy payments from income 01
; house. 105 New Montgomery st.
$250— HOUSE of 10 well furnished rooms; pays
• well; cheap rent; great bargain. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
OAKLAND— First-class family rooming-house,
partly furnished: clears H2O a month. Ad-
• dress Postoffice box 71. Oakland. Cal.
GOOD paying house 16 rooms; all full. 125
Third st.
FURNISHED 6-room flat In good condition; a
bargain; no dealers; $158. 25 Hyde st.
; 14-ROOM corner house; all uunny and house
full; $350. Call 116 Leidesdorff st. ■
• 10-ROOM lodging-house; north of Market
st.; fine location; 2 car lines. Box 731, Call,
; $900— FIRST-CLASS transient house; none bet-
ter; 14 rooms and laundry; all let: clears $5C
to $75 per month. Box SSS. Call office.
~ HOLSES To LET-
i LARGE twelve room house; to let low to a
] good tenant; sunny side Broadway, near Polk.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market st.
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission— rooms;
double parlors; $22 50.
WE can rent you _ house with or without a
I flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
; 3 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission: 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter: 5-room cottage 2405
• Suitor. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished cottagT^f~4~rooms!
. ' ball, bath, gas, hot and cold water: coal anil
1 gas stove*; large basement floored; front and
back yard; reasonable; Inspect 10 to 5. Call
. or address F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
; A— 2 month free; 5 rooms, batb, nice yard; $12.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market St.
I CHEAP cottage of 4 rooms with large lot, on
Pierce, bet. Haight and Page; rent $12. Apply
1 to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents,
630 Market st.
NICE sunny cottage, 447 Fifth St.; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath; $15,
flat, 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth st.
FURNi; ~~ ■> FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE; 4-r ■m, bath; near Mason st: $16.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
A— 7 ROOMS; porcelain bath: reduced to $23?
920 Btter st., near Hyde, or SPECK & CO.
7 BUENA VISTA aye. and 1021 Haight, above
Broderick; cozy 5 and 6 room flats; nice view.
CLAY. 14 17 A —One of the most beautiful flats
In town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY. — An eight-room flat; newly reno-
vated; central location; vary convenient and
commodious; rent cheap.
FELL, — Flat 4 rooms, bath; basement; gas;
hot and cold water; yard: $15; key at 513 Fell.
, FIVE sunny rooms, bath, modern Improve-
ments; $15. 35 Albion aye., bet. 15th and 16th.
i FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma ft., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FOLSOM, 961, near Sixth— Flat of 7 rooms and
bath; suitable for private or rooming house.
j FRANKLIN, 710, nr. Golden Gate aye.— Lower
| flat 5 rooms and bath; $22.
j FRANKLIN, 717, near Golden Gate Sunny
corner flat of 8 rooms and bath.
GEARY, 1135, bet. Van Ness aye. and Frank-
lin— Elegant modern flat 7 rooms; bath; base-
ment.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1158, near Webster— New
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms. ■
MODERN corner flat, 6 rooms, bath, etc; rent
$15. Corner Twenty-fifth and Kansas sts.;
take Howard st. cars; stable if desired.
NEW sunny flat. 5 rooms, basement; porcelain
bath; frescoed ceilings; fine view; $15; water
free. 3748 Twenty-second st., near Castro.
NEW modern flat, 6 choice sunny rooms, $18.
1720 Hyde st.
NE. cor. Nineteenth ant. Noe «ta., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro at. Lovely sunny
corner flats; 5 rooms, $18, water free; 4 rooms,
$15. water free. < ■ ;
POND. 47. off Sixteenth, V 4 block from Market
—Sunny upper 5-room flat: $15; water free.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Moat-
gomery st. ■
3- ROOM flat; nice location; reasonable. In-
quire at 352 McAllister Bt. . •
$18— NEW sunny upper flat; 6 rooms, . bath. 2261
Geary Ft. - •""
$10, $12, $13— SUNNY flats: range: hot and cold
water. 101-103 Prospect nlace. cor.Sarramento.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
K:i'-)yi-n;>tii!nn and ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds. 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe
„ store, 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
AVERY 6, oft Geary, near Flllmore — 2 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; rent $12.
CHESTNUT. 293, corner Dupont— fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no small chil-
dren; fine view and sun; quiet neighborhood;
cheap. :tv- ___________________
l FOLSOM, 974— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
j also other rooms; cheap. \^
GOLDEN GATE, 1410 — Finely furnished bay-
window alcove; complete; running water;
bath adjoining: two closets.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Sunny bay-window
housekeeping; single; $5.
GROVE, #2— Furnished housekeeping; sunny;
bath; yard; call afternoon; cheap. ■ .
HOWARD 049— Large furnished housekeeping
room with bath; also single room.
HOWARD, 1068— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $8; single, $4 mo.
LAGUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath, $7.
LARKIN, Three or four unfurnished house-
keeping rooms. ■
LEXINGTON aye., 210, bet. 19th and 20th— 3 fur-
nished rooms, housekeeping, complete, $10;
I alcove, $7. ' 1
LINCOLN place, 3. off Fremont, bet. Howard
. and Folsom— unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. V '
MINNA, 646 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
Ing. ■■-■■■■,
MONTGOMERY, 716—2 large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas and wash room;
cheap. '
MISSION, 866— let, fine f n*t parlor; two
housekeeping rooms furnished. .
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished sunny rooms; stove;
housekeeping; running • water and garden; j
reasonable. .-f.; • f ■ . ■ " :-
MISSION, 2133—2 rooms | for : . housekeeping, $8; i
or 8 large sunny rooms for $12.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
9 NATOMA. 81, " cor. Furnished rooms
9 j from $10 up; also housekeeping rooms, $2 per
- | week; respectable and quiet.
3 — — i ■ . ■
3 ; NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
9 I suite; water; stove; gas; $12; single.
3 I NINTH, 72— Large furnished room: water; light
j i housekeeping privilege; private family.
? | O'FARRELL, 403»-4 — I or 3 sunny front rooms,
!j i complete for housekeepln—; rent reasonable.
' POINT LOBOS aye. Is -3 nicely furnished
1 bay-window rooms for leekeeplng; $10.
'• POLK, 522— Furnished ai unfurnished house-
[ keeping rooms; suite oi single.
. SEVENTH, 178— Large front rooms for house-
keeping; first floor; large yard.
SEVENTH, — 1 or 2 unfurnished rooms for
; housekeeping; rent reasonable. ':."■''■-
! SILVER, 165, near Fourth— Front parlor and
' kitchen; furnished for housekeeping.
» THE Piedmont, 119 A Blxth St.— 2 or 3 rooms.
; furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
■ THIRD, 340— Sunny room complete for house-
: keeping; rent $6. ■
THIRD, 309— Large sunny furnished room for
- . light housekeeping: $1 60 a week.
, VAN NESS, 226— One or two furnished sunny
rpoms, housekeeping If desired, reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished sunny corner flat, 3 rooms and bath;
) 3 closets; gas range; complete; also suite.
i ; VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
) I floor, 4 rooms; newly papered: modern.
) VAN NESS aye., — Nicely furnished parlor
' floor for physician or housekpg; private fam.
. VAN NESS aye., 90S— Sunny furnished rooms
" for hougekpg, reas'ble.: room for 2 gents. $12.
ROOMS O LET.
» A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
' rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
) ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
) sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
) in every respect; terms reasonable.
' AT 62 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
. j housekpg rms; wk. $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
! AT 41* O'Farrell— Sunny rooms: suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
! BALBOA, The, 1409 A Market— Changed hands:
f renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
" BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 block Palace Hotel—
' All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
; BROADWAY, 700. corner Stockton— Fine tunny
furnished rooms, single or suites; also suites
for a doctor; rent reasonable.
1 i BUSH, 805— Nice sunny room suitable for gen-
tleman for married couple; rent reasonable.
! CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis. Or. Mason— riunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
1 DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
: furnished single and double rms. ; $S, $10 mo.
! ! ELLIS, 697— Parlor floor. 4 rooms, suitable for
j offices or family; also single rooms.
' ► ELLIS, 639, corner — Sunny furnished
room; mantel, folding-bed, gas, bath. \
t i FIFTH, 109— Nice sunny room; cheap; gentle-
men only or man and wife.
! GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
. ! rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
' GEARY. 595 Handsomely furnished sunny cor-
ner suite, with piano; also single room; ref's.
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suites; privilege
light housekpg; double and single rooms; reas.
■ GEARY, 610—2 large sunny rooms, newly fur-
: nlshed; also housekeeping rooms.
» ' ■
I GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
' $1: week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant Bunny rooms; en suite and
. I single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
I i HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
I ; rdomlng house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
• HASKELL. The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
■ HOWARD, Sunny room, furnished or un-
furnlshed.
'- HYDE, 609— Choice sunny; reasonable; appre-
[ ! elated if seen; please Investigate. ;i
I HYDE 10004, corner Pine— front sunny fur-
i nished single, rooms. $5 and $6; gents pre-
ferred. ____
HYDE. 1111— Large sunny furnished and unfur- 1
; nished rooms. - ,' -■*;'::■.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
j window room, $1 per week; transient.
I O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
| vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
! O'FARRELL. 224— Bay-window front suite, $6
week; single, double bed. $2 50 week; sunny;
running water; closets; transient, 50c and $1.
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Sunny furn. bay- window
room: 1 or 2 gents; gas; bath; water; $IS.
PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush st.
: POLK, 607— Sunny rooms, running water, newly
; furnished, reasonable rent; also housekeeping
rooms.
POWELL, Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms: gentleman preferred.
ROOMS In good location by the day to respect-
able parties visiting city. Address "Select,",
box 961, Call. '
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
| Bunny rooms: reasonable: also housekeeping:.
i SEVENTH. 325*4— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
rent cheap. -.. ■-■
I SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
i SIXTH, 216%— Sunny furnished rooms; rent
; cheap; quiet home; $5 up.
1 STOCKTON, .6O3— Sunny single and suite; also
housekeeping rooms.
SUNNY alcove room for 1 or 2 gentlemen: pri-
vate family; references. Box 833, Call office.
ST'TTER. 2234— Comfortably furnished room in
a private family.
TAYLOR, 414— Newly furnished sunny alcove;
other rooms; central; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 517— Large sunny newly furnished
front room for 2 gents, $15; references ex.
' TREMONT House, 1773 Market st., opp. Oough
. —House newly furnished; single rooms m-
suites; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $12.
TURK, — Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2; sunny single front room, $6.
TURK, 643— Nice sunny room; gas, bath; $7.
TWELFTH, 12, near Furnished or un-
furnished rooms to let.
VAN NESS aye., 7&6, corner of Eddy— Beautiful
unfurnished rooms; light housekeeping if de- '
sired; references exchanged.
VAN NESS, 813— Sunny corner, unfurnished,
%', $8, $10 up; private family.
VAN NESS are., 1021— Fine large furnished
room for 2: hot and cold water: bath: $10.
ROOMS AND BOA 'III.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
, Broadway and Polknts. ; quiet, homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms ROc up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BUSH. Changed hands; large sunny rooms;
• board: running water; bath.
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location. '
GEARY, Nice room for 2 gents; first-class
board; $45; private family: also day boarders.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water;. $20; other rooms.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished sunny
Market St. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
TURK, 127— First-class I board with _ German
family; $20; special rates to students. :
VAN NESS aye., Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— I or 2 children to room and board.
130 C Church st. . ■' ■ :
i WANTED— One or two children to board. Call
at 705 Greenwich Ft., near Powell.
OFFICES TO LiVT. ~
r^_ riJ _ t __ i ____ A-W _ J^ V^. -v-*-. ~^~^.
I EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st.;
I light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
TWO fine furnished • corner rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist. 405 Kearny st.
__________ -_------_____.
SORES TO LET.
I NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and'Sansome sts.—
' Handsome corner store, $30 per month. •
STORE fit for fruit stand or butcher shop. 3270
Twenty-fourth st. -^ .■■ -....- ...
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
ADVICE free on all ■ legal matters. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister st. ■ ... .-•.-■■ ; . -
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law.
.40 Montgomery St., room 16. * v - ■. :i
L.S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
- ket; consultation -free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge. unless. successful. W.
■ W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st ;
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wile. Dora Danzlger, from this
■ ■ day, on. LOUIS DANZIGER. Oct. 3. 1335.
STRICTURE anil prostate gland troubles (pain
in bladder) cured while you sleep; new pro-
cess; no pain. Box 863 Call office. '
LEDERER'S styles always correct; halrdress-
in.c. :.■'<; hair restored to its natural color,
$150 up; good switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra,
15; open Sunday 9 to 12. 11l Stockton st.
HOW competent under-graduate doctors, dent-
ists can have degree conferred. Lock box 186,
Chicago, 111.
LEDERER'S Quinonia gives health and vitality
to the hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st.
THE latest novelties in fine furs can be seer
at BERWIN & GASSNER'S new fur store,
1 0 Kearny st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
2"c to $1 50 per night; $1 GO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics: per-
I feet weaver; 2."c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co., 1155% Washington, Oakland.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; dlreases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alamcda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
I. HMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOi >STEIN— EI ant stylish dresses, %i
up: dresses made over. " St.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
! MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinsrulshcd trance
j clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery tn life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tion?; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. T. CLARK, rooms 2!
and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know theli
future consult her immediately; poor people
j half fee: by mail, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
! 426 Post st. ' r ■ \» .-. : .-'
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
! present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
i MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; futur* hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 9M O'Farrell st.
: MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads Ufa fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS B. liAI'MANN. the well-known fortuns
teller, hag opened an office at 315 O'Farrell *t.
spiritualism:
j A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader.medical clairvoyant, diseases cured
with revealed remedies; cancer cured without
pain; sittings $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
: MRS. C. STEWART, 1260 Grove st., will give
tests from jewelry to-night; admission 15c.
| A— BENEFIT test circle to-night for Phils.
' Journal; Mme. Young; 605 McAllister st.; 10c.
! B. M. RAIFORD. spiritual medium, 152 Tenth
St.; forceful facts.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Haight st.
. MRS. ELLIS, medium. -253 Valencia «>t. : read-
ings. $1; clr. Tues.. Fr!., 2 p. in.: 'ton.. 8: 25?.
EDUCATIONAL^ '
| HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, .typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
! AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.; Indl-
I vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
I , keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per, week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
" ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, art-hit.; day & eve.:
est. IS6I. VAN DER NAILLEN. »33 Market.
MARHESI'S vocal studio, 811 Leavenworth St.,
near Sutter; $1 an hour; also piano.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
instructions; correct. natural method. t'3oßush.
j ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes; pri, tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
: cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
I gate and approve this method; prices are the
i same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. .
AN elegant Curtaz piano, slightly used; cabi-
net grand, walnut case, three pedals, a bar-
gain; also one Vose & Son's. 1 Steck, 1 Chick-
ering and one Klngsbury piano: if you intend
buying do so now; freights advance October
1 anJ we have five carloads of pianos com-
ing: we need room. BEN.T. CURTAZ & SON,
Checkering Agents, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price b" the ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 3QS. 310. 312 Post st.
AN elegant Stelnway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1021 'an Ness aye.
IT coats you 5c to see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNING. 216 McAllister.
GREAT bargain; nice uprifrht. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale ' prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new Etyles. KOH-
LEP. & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. makfr, repairer. 2 L:ith:im place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE sealskin ■ for $90, cost originally $170, at
UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.
BLOODBD pups for sale; Gordon setter and
water spaniel. 235 Stevenson st.
LARGE Al parlor mirror. 405 Powell St.; call
10 to 3; a bargain.
2 FRESH family cows. Inquire 103S Capitol
aye., Ingleside.
FRESH milch cow for sale. 619 San Jose aye.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1801 Seventh st., Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. Sl6 Mission st.
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col-
ored pictures. 10x14 Inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; Fold everywhere for Sac.
JONES, 547 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth. . ' - ■-■■ -. . ■ ■
100.000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds.
Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
SAFES— and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 523 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $18; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, OSS-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES — Bargain* In new and second hand; all
.sizes; half original cost. . 109-111 Market, S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. - 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented ; - repaired, bought, '. sold:
•machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged: rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. ',
~~ ~~ ~ BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new
1897 high . grade ■■ $100 bicycles . for % $29; ■ new
tires,' $2: new pedals, $1 25 a pair; repairing.
. JOSEPH ; HOLLE, tOu and ; Folsora 3ts. -
CITY REAL ESTATE.
• BARGAINS IN~REAL ESTATE.
i $1250— Neat 4-room - cottage, block from Mar-
ket st.
CHEAP
1 $1800—2 good flats; near Jones St.; rented $20.
- CHEAP
$2300—4 flats near 4th st. ; rents for $32.
. CHEAP
$3500—2 new flats, near Mason st.
CHEAP
$5000—3 nice Cats on McAllister st.
. I CHEAP
$10,000—12 flats; lot 100x137; near llason St.;
, rents $100.
CHEAP
$12,000— Corner. 8 splendid flats, few blocks
t from City Hall; rents $118.
L CHEAP
$40,000— Eddy st.: 100-foot frontage; rents $300
" net; a few blocks from Tivoll.
i —CHEAP—
$130.000— Grand corner. 160 feet front: block
from Baldwin; modern four-story building;
'. rented for $SOO.
CHEAP
i Market St.; 50-foot front; near Baldwin; must
1 be sold.
Other bargains at
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
' CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
1 Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Stock ranch; 1200 acres land; 500
acnes fine grain "land, remainder grazing hill
land; abundant feed: well -sheltered and
■ watered: situated In Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHAN DON. Marysvllle. Cal. _
: WHITE M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Tehama
Co., Cal. Illustrated land book free.
i FOR sale— acres unimproved land in Tuol-
umne County; also ICO acres Marl posa County;
! plenty wood and water: cheap; cash. Parti-
culars of A. BRUHNKE, 1714 Polk St.
| A— 3so ACRES Napa Valley land in subdivisions
of 25 acres; the best of orchard and grain
; land; yielded 17 cwt. per acre this season;
from $65 to $S5 per acre. Box 715, Call. ■ ■'
j OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
j OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
• MUST be sold; owner going East; no reason-
■ able offer refused; 2-story house, 9 rooms and
bath; lot 32x125; on Filbert st., near Tenth.
W. P. RYAN, S6O Seventh St.. Oakland.
, HOME on Linda Vista Terrace, on Piedmont
line; 8 minutes to City Hall; 40 minutes to
San Francisco, with 15 minute ferry trips:
new house, 7 rooms, Including 4 bedrooms;
light, airy basement; best of construction and
finish; open nickel plumbing; 3 lavatories; gas
fixtures, etc., complete; large deep lot; only
$3700: easy installments. HERON & HQL-
i COMB. 1050 Broadway. - -• ■. :;
. FOR Sale in Oakland — New house, 7 rooms and
• bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
! railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB. 1050 Broadway. . v
OAKLAND HOUSES.
i MODERN 6- room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath: water and
i ash man free: Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006
Broadway.
HOTEL TO RENT UNFURNISHED.
NEAR City Hall, on prominent corner, hotel of
fA rooms; '. short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. : rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh »t. See him.
BE. -.KELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3600— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements: large lot: street work
all done and near the university. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate. B°rkolgy station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BQ^NNELLI. 130 Post St.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
■ and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
! bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
, $50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
i any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. BTL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
______
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
E0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1223 Market
st; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly . (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills,
11; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WYETH,
208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. P. A caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
- every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
• 37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st |
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $.1; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement. 156 Second st.
~ y HORSES. , ~~~
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price: come and
- make an offer. -
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; " Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales. every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards, Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
~~~~~ PROPOSALS. . •
.PROPOSAL for Mineral Oil— New Montgom-
ery St.; . San Francisco, Cal., September 6th.
1898. Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific
standard time), October 7th. 1898, for furnish-
ing and staring here 70,000 gallons mineral
oil. 135 degrees flash test.- in cases of two
five-gallon cans each.. The United States re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or all
\ proposals •or any part : thereof. .. Information
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
?- Ing proposal* should be marked ."Proposals
for Mineral Oil." and addressed OSCAR F.
. ■ LONG, Assistant Quartermaster Up"'- 1 States
■Army, Depot Quartermaster. |
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
£8 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SVAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 1.-'iama st. : tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. C. 7— t-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.; tel. ■ >uth 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, relaid at 3o
_STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
1 CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
1 ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
: Conrad Schneider and Margaretha Yung.. 3o- 19
Eil w.i. -i Selzar and Mary E. Nye 49-45
Peter P. Sullivan and Nora Sullivan 30-28
Carlo Daniel! and Maria Gar mi 28-24
Edwin H. Newbold and Evelyn Matthews. 27-24
F. E. Farmer and Margaret Herllhy 26-23
William W. Wilson and Mary E. Murray.. .3l-29
. Hector A. Frils and Carrie G. Connick.... 3l-31
Victor E. Perl and Elizabeth F. Ra1ph.... 21-20
John W. Lefller and Lucia V. Glanettonl..26-lS
| BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
j in at either of the publication offices and b<j
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
no m.
MAYERS— this city. September 28, 1898. to
the wife of R. W. Mayers, a daughter.
I BRADLEY— In this city, October 1, 1898, to the
wife of Thomas E. Bradley, a daughter.
DIED.
Bassillio, George Levy, Simon
Blackmann. Capt. A. Leonard, Margaret
Blau, Julius Lounsbury, Rev. H.
Casslnelli, Teresa L. Mower, Kenneston
Coffin, Charles D. Schuur, Annie
Dennory, Fanny Stetson. William
Ransen, Frlthjof Strom, Hilda A.
Hart, Mrs. L. M. Tuggle (Infant)
Hawthorne, Harry J. Van Viack, Herbert
Herrman, Jacob White, Mary W.
Imsick, William F. Zeitfuchs, Edward
i baspillio— this city. October 4, 1898,
George, dearly beloved son erf Mrs. Margaret
BaESilllo and the late Joseph Bassillio, and
brother of Joseph, John, Willie, Maggie, Kata
and Clara Bassillio, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 12 years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his mother's
residence, 216 Union street, thence to Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BLACKMANN— In this city, October 4. IS9B. at
his residence, i:» 07 Baker street. Captain Ar-
thur Manning Blackman, aged 35 years.
tt~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1, F. and A. M. Friends and acquaintances
are invited to be present.
BLAU —In this city, October 2, 1898, Julius
Blau, a native of Germany, aged 39 years.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fi;llv invite- to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CASSINELLI— In this city, October 4, 1898,
Teresa L. L., dearly beloved child of Peter
and Teresa Cassinelll, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year a months and 27 days.
DENNERY— In this city. October 3. U3B. Fan-
ny, beloved wife of the late L. L. Dennery,
and mother of Leon Dennery, a native of
Beaunne, France, aged 5S years 5 months
and 14 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
. dence of Albert Cerf, 716 Post street. Inter-
, ment private. Please omit flowers.
HANSEN — Drowned in the bay of Rockport.
Mendoclno County. September 26. 1898. Frith-
jof, beloved husband of Anna Hansen, and
father of Sophy, Mellen, Slgne, Lilly. Arthur
and Lena Hansen, a native of Norway, aged
40 years.
CRemains at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
sen & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
HART —In Elmhurst. Cal., October 3. ISO?,
Mrs. L. M. Hart, mother of the late Henry
Wayland Hart, and sister of Dr. Laura A.
Stow Billiard of San Francisco, a native of
Connecticut, agtd 81 years and 9 months.
(C?" The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence in Elmhurst. Friends are invited.
Interment Auburn, Cal.
HAWTHORNE— In this city, October 4. 1898.
Harry J. Hawthorne, a native of England,
aged 78 years.
tt-TFuneral private.
HERRMAN— In Ocean View, October 3, 1898.
Jacob Herrman, a native of Baden, Germany,
aged 57 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1309 Mission street, near
Eighth. i Interment National Cemetery.
IMSICK— In San Bruno. San Mateo County,
Cal., October 3, IS9S, William F., dearly be-
. . loved husband of Lucy E. Imsick. father of
Frank W. J. and Theodore F. Imsick, and
brother of Fred and Herrman Imsick. Mrs.
F. Block, Mrs. E. Alber, Mrs. J. Denzler and
Mrs. F. Rathjens, a native of Westphalia,
Germany, aged 32 years 10 months and 29
days. A member of Vorwarts Lodge No.
255, U. O. R. M.
tE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1319 Broadway, thence to Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Vorwarts
Lodge No. 255, U. O. R. M., commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, October 2, 1898. . Simon, be-
loved husband of the late Rosalie Levy, an_
father of Mrs. Nathan Lauter, Mrs. Leon
Lleber, Mrs. George Walter and Marcus. Ed-
ward, Leopold. Flora and Melaine Levy, a
native of Bavaria. Germany, aged 67 years
• 1 month and 7 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2104 Post street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
LEONARD— In Berkeley, October 2, 1898, Mar-
garet Leonard, beloved mother of James and
Letitia Leonard, Mrs. R. T. Kennedy and
Mrs. M. J. Dunn, a native of Quebec, Canada,
aged 74 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Blake and Dana streets, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencirg at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
LOUNSBURY— In this city, October 4. IS9B, at
the Kings Daughters' Home, Rev. Henry A.
■ Lounsbury, a native of Ovid, Seneca County,
N. V., aged 71 years.
MOWER— In Santa Cruz. October 4, IS9B, Ken-
neston, beloved son of George and Angusta
Mower, aged 10 months and 3 days.
SCHUUR— In this city, October 2. 1898 Annie,
beloved wife of William J. Schuur. mother of
Mary. William L. and John H. Schuur, and
v sister of Kate Wiseley. a native of County
Leltrim. Ireland, aged 44 years and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da-
(Wednesday). at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STETSON— In this city. October 4, IS9B, Wil-
l iam Stetson, a native of Kingston. Mass.,
aged 66 years 7 months and 20 days.
ff_?"r_ie funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, J. B. Stetson, 1801 Van Ness ave-
nue. Interment private.
STROM— In this city, October 4. 1898, Hilda
Augusta, dearly beloved daughter of Victor
and Augusta Strom,, and sister of Ellen and
Victor Strom Jr., a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 year 6 months and 5 days.
ICrFrlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. 3148 Francisco street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TUGGLE— this city, October 3. ISDB, infant
son of Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Tuggle. .
VAN VLACK— this city, October 4. 1898, of
appendicitis, Herbert, only son of Katherine
and the late Dr. G. J. Van Vlack. and brother
of Belle Van Vlack, aged 26 years. (Ontario,
Canada, Tuolumne County and Eastern pa-
pers please copy.)
__TNotice of funeral hereafter.
WHITE— Auburn. Cal.. October 4, IS3S, Mary
W., wife of the late C. B. White. . •
Notice of funeral hereafter.
ZEITFUCHS— In this city, October 2. 1598. Ed-
beloved brother of Emil and Ulbrich
Zeitt'uchß. a native of Germany, aired 60
years 3 months and 8 days.
n_r Friends and acquaintances and members
of Pacific Stamm No. 78, W. O. R. M., are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the residence of Mrs. Philip Gtec-er. 317 Min-
na street, and thence to Teutonia Hall. 1322
Howard street, where the funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Gesell-
schaft Teutcnla -at 2 o'clock. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. / v,v r : ".2
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD. Golden Gate
Camp No. — Members are requested to at-
tend theiumral of our late neighbor, Charles
D Cof fliT to-morrow (Thursday^, at 2 o'olock,
from Salvation Army Hail, Washington and
Twelfth streets, Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
CHARLES W. BELL, Consul Commander.
- D. OLIVER JR., Clerk. ' ■
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. |
■FUNEP.AI, DIRECTORS & EMLJALJKER3 I
.0 TIFTH ST.. opp. Lincoln 3c_o jI. j
_ '•-'..:■ '_- ' - Telephone. Soulh_so- ■„■_; ..«-!.■
I""™ 1 ' nln "7i! B^c^v"YTMan"ager.'
McAVOY & CO.,
I ■ FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 _
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. • 9
i Telephone. South 247. _____ i
1112
CLAIM FLVNN
STRUCK THE
FATAL BLOW
Foy's Alleged Assail
ant Is Charged.
PECULIAR POLICE METHODS
CHIEF LEES AND HIS INIQUI
TOUS "SMALL BOOK."
An Old Man Thrown in the "Tanks"
and His Son Refused the
Right to See
Him.
The Iniquitous system of the Pollco De
partment in '■small booking" a prisoner
is likely to receive a well merited rebuke
in the next few days.
About 10 o % clock Monday night Timothy
Flynn, ag.-d 70 years, was arrested by
Detective O"Dea on suspicion of having
injured a man named Frai k Foy. In-
Btead of giving him a chance to secure his
freedom on bonds the police threw him in
the "tanks" and denied him the right to
b friends. His son James, who Is a
well known contractor, visited the prison,
but was not allowed to see his I
One of the officials, with matchless ef
frontery, even denied that the old man
was in' durance vile. After sati
:•• that his father was locked up in
nks Flynn Jr. summoned Attorney
Long, who also vainly endea
rendant. Angered beyond
measure at not being allowed to sec his
father Flynn Jr. called at Chief Lees' res
e and demanded to know why he
could not speak to his aped parent. Lees
attempted to explain tin- "small book'
system, but as Flvnn was obdurate the
gave him a note to the prison
sergeant, telling him to allow him I
This was several hours after
Fiynn Sr. had been arrested.
It is the intention of Attorney Long to
vigorously criticize the "small book' sys
tem when • ■■- heard in the Police
Court. He will Incidentally pay his re
i to the Police Department ;iJid its
uncharitable practle. the least,
of drasrtrinp an old man away from his
hom>- and throwing him in a dungeon to
nnot consult with his friends.
Evidently anticipating the threatened
• es yesterday morning cr-
Detective ODea to place a charge
of battery against Flynn. Tie was at once
sod on bonds. Shortly afterward a
Mrs. Nellie MeFarland appeared i
Judge Low and swore to a complaint
charging: Flynn with assault to murder.
She is the sister-in-law of Foy. his al
leged victim. According- to her sworn
Fti'toment she saw Flynn strike Foy,
knocking him down. Foy and Flynn had
trouble about eighteen months ago. Since
then they have not been on speaking
"While Flynn declares thnt he did not
Ftrikp Foy "the police say they have sev
eral witnesses who are ready to swear
that they asw him deliver the blow. After
he struck Foy. they claim, he hurriedly
walked away as if fearing arrest. Foy's
skull is fractured in two places, and the
attending physician has few hopes of his
recovery.
Flynn declares that he was in bed when
the alleged assault occurred, and that he
can prove it by several witnesses. Foy's
Ftory of being robbed of $20 is not believed
by the police;
DEFENSE OUTLINED
IN WIDBER'S CASE
ASKS FOB A VEBDICT OF AC
QUITTAL.
Counsel for the Accused Contends
That the Prosecution Has Failed
to Establish Its
Case.
The prosecution closed and the defense
In the Widber case yesterday.
During the morning session the prosecu
tion occupied the time In putting a fln- j
lshing touch on the case. Mayor Phelan j
was recalled and identified sixteen sacks ,
■which had been tampered with. Deputy ]
County Clerk V. F. Northrup then iden- | <
tified papers showing amounts of money i
that had been placed in the treasury and '
subsequently removed. Deputy Treasurer
de la Montanya then testified that the
amount of money in the treasury during :
the month of November was very low ]
and that It greatly increased during the I
following month.
The <-a.se of the prosecution then closed
and Attorney Pelxotto outlinfd the de
fense He asserted that it had not been
phown that Wldber had stolen the miss-
Ing funds. None of the witnesses exam
ined had so testitted. he said, but had
merely stated that Widber had accused
himself of the crime. And when Widbe-r
accused himself of the crime he was un
d'-r the influence of liquor, was suffering \
fmm the effects of a protracted debauch j
and was not mentally competent to make
a lucid statement regarding the matter.
"The accused never made a statement
that he had stolen the money, but ac
knowledged that he was civilly respon
sible " continued the attorney, "and we
acknowledge that he is civilly responsible
but deny that he is so criminally. The
accused always had a good reputation for
truth, honesty and integrity, and it waa
the thought that he might be accused of
criminal connection with the disappear
ance of the funds and the knowledge that
he would be held civilly responsible that
caused him to go on a debauch and place
his mind in a condition to be easily in
fluenced. He did not fire nor try to con
ceal the shortage. When he left the city
he did so at the bidding of his friends.
Considering these facts the attorney
Stated that he expected an acquittal.
Many witnesses, among whom were
Charles D. Holmes. Thomas J. Barbour,
J. O. Reis, Henry Sachs, A. C. McFarland
and Frank Zacharias, were called to tes
tify relative to the character of the ac
cused. All admitted that previous to the
present difficulty the prisoner had always
borne a good reputation. The defense
then offered documents in evidence show-
Jng that Widber was the owner of prop
erties prior to the period when the pecu
lations commenced and in consequence
could not. as charged, have spent the
city's funds In their purchase. The jury
then visited the Treasurer's office to get
an idea of the position of the various
vaults and money drawers. Then the
case went over till to-day.
WILLS FILED FOR PROBATE.
Estates of Henry Vorrath and Martin
Kreling Disposed Of.
The will of Henry Vorrath, who died
on the 26th ult., was filed for prohato
yesterday. The <*stato of the deceased is
valued at about $20,000. Emma Vorrath, a
daughter of the testator, is bequeathed
$4000; William A. Vorrath. a son. a watch
and chain, and the remainder of the es
tate is devised to Elizabeth Vorrath,
■widow of the deceased.
The will of Martin Kroling-, who died
August 21 last, disposing of an estate val
ued at SfiOOO. was also filed. The entire
eftate is bequeathed to Barbara Kreling,
widow of the testator.
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 653 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. •
Big Customs Receipts.
Collector Jackson reports the receipts
of thr- Custom House for the month of
September as $463,084 79. which is nearly
$200,000 more than the receipts for
September, 1897. The receipts for yes
terday were $50,000. The increase is
due to the advanced business prosperity
of the country under Republican adminis
tration.
You will find the lates* things In wall
saper at Clark's, 653 Market street. •
JACKSON MAY
INVESTIGATE
THE BUREAU
Fixing Blame for Fong
Suey's Escape.
SHE HAS NOT BEEN FOUND
LATEST MOVE OF THE COOLIE
SLAVE IMPORTERS.
Attempt to Take the Women Out of
the Mission to a Place That
Is More Con
venient.
Chief Meredith has not yet succeeded in
recapturing Fong Suey Won. the pro
curess whom he allowed to escape, and
her attorneys have not surrendered her,
notwithstanding Meredith's threat to put
the screws on them."
Special Agent of the Treasury Major
Moore and Deputy United States Attorney
Bert Schle-singer would be important wit
nesses against Meredith should Customs
tor Jackson deem it to be his duty
to begin an investigation in order to fix
the blame officially. It is expected that
in defense of the Collector's official good
name he will have an Investigation, not
only into the escape of Suey Wan, but
also into other suspicious matters in con
nection With the management of the bu
reau, particularly the leakage of testi
mony from that source. If such an in
vestigation shall be ordered and if It shall
eld In public, as it should bo, there
will be evidence forthcoming that copies
of testimony by Question and answer of
Chinese immigrants taken on board the.
steamer have been Been in Chinatown in
the hands of Chinese coolie brokers. Many
uther facts tending to show that corrup
tion exists in the bureau will be forthcom-
The latest movement of the society for
the importation and Bale of Chinese wo
men developed yesterday when Judge ».
C Denson appear.-. 1 before United States
District Judge de Haven and moved that
the women captured in the recent raid in
Chinatown and now confined in the Pres
byterian and Methodist missions be trans
ferred to the Alameda County jail. When
Judge de Haven in surprise asked why
the transfer was urged. Judge Denson re
plied that the people at the missions were
trying to force religion upon the women
and that the women had complained of it.
Deputy United States Attorney Schlesin
ger opposed the motion and s;iid that the
object of the transfer was to allow the
highbinders an opportunity to visit the
women and post them as to what they
should say in court and thus endeavor to
defeat the ends of Justice. Judge de
Haven took the matter under advisement.
Miss Cameron of the Presbyterian Mis
sion was indignant when she beard that
Judge Denson had made such a charge
against her. Six- said she could hardly
believe he had done so. He had vi.-ii'-d
the mission the day before with another
lawyer named A. 11. Yordi and two China
men, whom he introduced as lnterpr-
The Judge presented an order from United
States Marshal Shine, per Chief <'lerk
Farish, to allow the party to talk with the
prisoners.
"I did not hear all that they paid,"
acided Miss Cameron, "for several reasons.
First, I am not an export in the Chinese
language, then 1 was not present all of
the time, and besides, there was consid
erable whispering. The women .seemed to
b© acquainted with the Chinamen whom
Judge Denson brought with him. Judge
Denson expressed his approval of the ar
rangements here for the women and made
no complaint whatever as to the religious
proposition. We never force the women to
attend services. They are free to attend
or remain up stairs; many of them do not
attend."
I LEAGUE FOB IMPBOVEMENTS.
A New City and County Hospital
Still in Demand by Missionites.
The Mission League of Improvement
Clubs at its meeting last night In Man
nerhund Hall on Bryant avenue dls
eussed th<? building of a new City and
County Hospital, according to the plans
formulated by the present Board of Super
visors. The action of the board in neg
lecting to avail itself of the provisions
of the act of tho Legislature in author
izing the necessary expenditure for that
purpose was censured by the members of
the league.
The executive committee of the league
was Instructed to arrange for a mass
meeting in the near future at which all
the nominees for Supervisors and Street
Superintendent will be invited to attend
and give their views on the subject of
a new hospital and subjects pertaining
to the needed improvements of that por
tion of the Mission district. Such of the
nominees as may impress the league
members with their intention to carry
out these views are morally certain of
getting the support of the league.
President T. B. Slevin desires it to be
understood that In no way will the
league become a political machine for
the furtherance of the nominees of any
one party. These views were coincided
In by those present as being proper, as
the league is not political in any sense
of the word.
Suit of Tailor-Made Clothes.
M. Rothchild, 211 Sutter street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Maud An
drews on the charge of obtaining goods
by false pretenses. He alleges that on
September 15 she procured irom him • a
tailor-made suit valued at 565 on an order
from T. Brilliant, another tailor, and he
later found that the suit was for the
girl's mother and that she had abscond.. l.
She has returned to the city and he now
wants her arrested.
MISS PODDIE ROSS-HER
TWO-DOLLAR CONCERT.
- rpiIKRE will be a ourious and expensive audience (the prices of seats -f
I range from $2 down) at the Baldwin Theater to-morrow afternoon -f
I when Poddie Ross will give her first public recital in San Francisco. +
This young soprano of the unusual name is an American, and those -f
ho have her concert in -4
and have frankly assured -f
tle presß and the public -f
lat her voice equals Melba's or -f
ordlca's. Such announcements, -4>
oupled with the $2 seats, have -4>
ade a stir in the local music -f
orld. "Who Is this young -f
oman with the queer name and -4"
tle soaring prices?" the musi- -4
ans and the dilettante are ask- -4
B, and nobody seems to be able -4
i give a complete answer. -4
Miss Poddie has studied abroad -4
nder the usual motley of mas- -4
ers; sung there and received the -4
sual encouragement by the -4
>ress. The Chicago critics, too, -♦
lave written high words about 4
ler singing, and several of ■♦
he San Francisco critics who -4
leard her In private last week ■♦
lave nothing but bouquets to ■♦
hrow. But beyond this sha is -4
nknown and unsunpr. and the -4
an Francisco that cares so little -4
or the verdict of the rest of 4
he world will have an oppor- -4
tunity to find out for itself just -i
what the young singer'g voice, name and prices really mean. -4
j
THE SAiNT FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1898.
UNDER THE CURSE OF
PERPETUAL SILENCE
A Case in Court Where All Concerned Are Deaf
and Dumb.
AS queer an aggregation as ever
sought Justice will line up before
Judge Low when the charge of
assault against John F. Howard
comes to trial. The complaining wit
is Mrs. Sherman— a deaf mute—
the wife of a deaf mute and the
mother of five children, all born under
the curse of perpetual silence. Her
principal witness is a deaf mute and
the defendant is a deaf mute, and the
trial will have to proceed like a hide
ous lesson in calisthenics, for they all
must speak with their fingers and hear
with their eyes. Judge and clerk and
baliff must practice with dumb-bells
before they can take a hand in the tes
timony, and the court reporter may as
well go home, for his art reaches not
to their eloquent but muscular silence.
The assault was made on Mrs. Sher
man in a house on Howard street on
July 3 last. She and a friend, a Mrs.
Colby, and her two children were to
gether in a room when Howard en
tered, and in the presence of those who
were there he seized Mrs. Sherman and
tried to drag her from her chair. Mrs.
Colby ran to her assistance and the
two little ones stood, deprived of the
childish privilege of crying out and
able only to utter the inarticulate gut
tural which is the sole relief of the
dumb. Luckily it was heard, how
ever, and people in an adjoining room
came to the woman's assistance. How
ard escaped.
No one knew where Howard worked
and so it was not until a few days ago
that it was possible to swear to a com
plaint against him. He works In a
lumber yard near the city front.
The Shermans live at 1126 Folsom
Street. It is not a prepossessing place,
but Sherman is a peddler and his in
come even under ordinary circumstan
ces cannot be expected to be very
S. HOMER HENLEY
SEEKS A DIVORCE
POPULAR VOCALIST DESERTED
BY HIS WIFE.
Humors of an Unhappy Union Have
Long Been Going the Rounds
and Occupying the Gossips.
S. Homer Henley, known throughout
the State as the possessor of a rich, effect
ive voice which he has used for years to
advantage, has appeared in court as the
plaintiff In an action at law, with his
wife as defendant.
Mr. Henley wants a divorce. He de
clares he was des.rted and abandoned
by his wife in January of 1897, and on
this fact he bases his right to be again
a single man. It has been rumored for
some time that the popular vocalist and
his wife were not happily mated. Rumor,
however, failed to assume tangible pro
portions until yesterday when the suit
for divorce was tiled.
In the complaint Mr. Henley alleges
that on August 24, 1597, his wife deserted
him. Since then she has lived apart
from him, with the intention of ever so
doing. She had no cause or reason to
desert him, declares Mr. Henley, and did
so against his will and without his con
sent. In consequence he prays that the
bonds of matrimony between himself and
wife be dissolved and that he have such
other relief at the hands of the court as
the circumstances of the case may re
quire.
Got Six Months Each.
W. M. Hooper, who was arrested for so
liciting subscriptions for monthly maga
zines without authority, pleaded guilty
In Judge Mogan's court yesterday and
was sent to the County Jail for six
months. He was convicted in Stockton
about eight years ago on a similar charge.
Alfred Johnston, a young man who is
blossoming out as a pickpocket, was
also sent to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Mogan. He Btole a
purse from the pocket of Mrs. J. A. Mont
gomery of Santa Rosa at Powell and
Market streets Monday night and waa ar
rested by Special Officer Hussey. He
pleaded that it was his first offense, and
the Judge reduced the charge to petty
larceny.
"Anakesis" is an infallible cure for piles.
Free sample add. "Anakesis," New York*
•much— and then there are the five
afflicted children. They are bright and
not unhappy looking, but their eyes
follow every movement around them
with a quickness that is uncanny, and
their continued silence makes one wish
they could at least cry. Even the baby
tries to motion with hi* hands, but he
has already found that an attempt to
speak is useless.
Sergeant John Green, the only officer
on the police force who can understand
the sign language of the mutes, visited
the woman yesterday and to him she
deftly spelled out her story. Her
friend Mrs. Colby stood beside her
and added digital corroboratlon.
and the children gazed with wide
open eyes and more open mouths just
as if they were listening. Then the
whole family went down to the Harbor
Police Station with the' officer to iden
tify Howard or to point him out to
the arresting officer. He could not be
foundry
The warrant was issued on a com
plaint sworn to before Judge Low. and
it Is in his court that the case will be
tried.
HE LIVED AND DIED
IN THE TENDERLOIN
THE STRAW THAT IMPELLED
DR. HUBER TO END HIS LIFE.
Believed His Mother Intended to De
prive Him of His Father's
Fortune.
Dr. Charles A. Huber went the pace
that kills, but there was a .«had< w upon
the young man out of the ordinary that
impelled him to swallow the contents of
a bottle of carbolic acid about midnight
yesterday. Now, the Coroner having iin
ished his duty, the remains lie in an un
dertaking establishment on Eddy street
awaiting a mother's wishes as to their
disposal.
Huber spent all his leisure in the ten
derloin, a leader in all its excesses. Even
his office and lodgings at 42^ Turk street
were within the limits of the gilded cir
cle, so that day or night, sleeping or
waking-, Huber was seldom without its
pale. Skilled in his profession and enjoy
ing a lucrative practice, still he often
found it necessary to call upon his mother
for funds, so extravagant was his life.
Did Huber enjoy himself to the full?
Friends— companions in some of his wild
est carousals— say that frequently he
would express his abhorrence of his wast
ed opportunities, and that at least twice
before he attempted self-destruction, but
his nerve failed him at tlie critioal mo
ment. These friends repeat statements
made by Huber at times when he grew
confidential. Their statements touched
upon his home and kindred. His birth
place was Los Angeles, and there his
father amassed a fortune of several hun
dred thousand dollars, leaving It all to
his widow when he died a few years ago.
Huber was given a thorough education
and was well supplied with money by his
mother until recently, when she married
for the second time. Huber bitterly op
posed this marriage, and to his friends he
said that another was to spend the money
his father had accumulated and which
he had intended for his son.
A week ago the young man received a
letter from his mother advising him to be
careful in the selection of his friends and
to lead a righteous iife and place his
trust in the Savior. She mentioned her
poor health, saying she feared her days
on earth were numbered, .and closed with
the statement that he would have to de
pend on his own exertions hereafter, for
she would not be able to send him any
more money. __
After receiving that letter Huber be
came more reckless than ever. Monday
he drank heavily all day. but performed
some dental work for his landlady toward
evening. He seemed cheerful then, and
told of the hard day's work before him
on the morrow. A few hours later he died
— a suicide.
TO WALK THE CARPET.
Policeman Reardon to Appear Before
the Police Commissioners
To-Night.
The case of Robert Smith, charged with
robbing Chin Suey of a purse containing
$13 80 on June 18 last, was concluded in
Judge Low's court yesterday and the
Judge reserved his decision until Satur
day. Meantime the Police Commission
era will have investigated the charge
against Policeman Nell Reardon, the ar
re Captain Gilien of the Mission district
has preferred charges before the Com
missioners against Reardon for unofflcer
like conduct. Last Friday Reardon in
open court stated that Smith on being
arrested told him that Prosecuting At
torney Graham of Judge Joachlmsen's
court and Detectives Fitzgerald and Gra
ham of the Mission had destroyed the
complaint in his case and the case had
been "fixed." It is on account of these
statements that Reardon is to be brought
bffore the Commissioners, as the persons
referred to by Reardon indignantly repu
diate the truth of his assertions, which
Is backed up by the fact that the com
plaint was found.
In the Divorce Courts.
J. M. Little has been granted a divorce
from Maude N. Little on the ground of
■willful desertion.
Homer Henley has sued his wife. Maud
Henley, for a divorce, alleging desertion.
Florence M. Delamatre h.is applied for
a divorce from Oscar J. Delamatre on the
ground of failure to provide.
A. F. Legeat asks for a divorce from
Louise Legeat on the gTound of infidelity.
Rachel "Gutter has sued Max Gutter for
a divorce, alleging failure to provide as
a cause of complaint.
VOUCHES FOR
NEAD'S GOOD
REPUTATION
lowa Soldier Comes
to the Rescue.
KNEW HIM IN SIOUX CITY
HEARD THE EXHORTEB AT THE
VOLUNTEER MISSION.
Police of That City Are Satisfied the
Unfortunate Couple Are
What They Claim
to Be.
i
There Is a rift In the clouds hanging
ominously over Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Nead,
and through the break there streams a
ray of sunshine, the first that has shown
upon them for many days. There were
developments in the sensational case yes
terday that gave strong confirmation to
their statements and promise to event
ually clear away the terrible charges un
der which they lie, leaving only the scars
and the humiliation of being shamefully
paraded before the public as outcasts or
the lowest type.
The following dispatches from Sioux
City to The Call fully establishes the
identity of Nead and his brother, the
notorious "Billy," and bears out the
suspect's story to the letter:
SIOUX CITY lowa. Oct. 4.— Since the news
, a received here of J. M. Nead's arrest in
San Francisco, the local police have been In
vestigating the records of himself and brother
and have practically concluded that the Call
furnian is. aa he claims, a brother o : the : no
torious -Billy." The two were engaged in
many transactions together, and .? on t f i^i° ,ived
tween them frequently artse while they lived
'••Billy" was a short, thick set man with a
dark complexion, and his wife a tall and portly
blonde. Both were middle-aged. Both fam
ilies were old residents here, but whew they
came from before locating in Sioux City one
living here now professes to know. r herein
no divorced Mr.. Nead in town nor can Albert
Worth be found, though he haß . t bet . , clt^
until recently at 511 Water street, this city.
He was formerly a letter carrier.
Rev G. W. L- Brown was in Sioux City until
two weeks ago. when he was transferred to the
Prospect-avenue Methodist Episcopal Church at
Concerning J. M. Nead's record in i the city
there la some difference of opinion His ere dl
tors say he deliberately defrauded them of
money due them, and the police regard him
with suspicion, but local members of the sal
vation army say he was unjustly «»«P««"£
If he is a clergyman, however, he must na\e
been ordained after leaving Sioux City.
Nead has not claimed to be a clergy
man, merely a licensed, exhorter. Rev. Mr.
Brown, according to Nead, was pastor of
the First Methodist Episcopal Church of
Sioux City up to the time he left there,
the two being firm friends. _...
Albert Worth was Mrs. Nnads father,
but Is dead now. Her mother, though,
still resides In Sioux City.
The description of "Billy isead and his
wife, given in the foregoing dispatch, does
not tally in the least with the couple here.
Nead is slender and not yet SO in appear
ance while a blind man could not mis
take Mrs. Nead for the large, blonde,
middle-aged woman "Billy's" wife Is said
to be. Mrs. Nead is slight and very young,
little more than a girl In -appearance, with
clear, delicate features and brown hair.
But the above dispatch was not the only
ray of comfort that came to the Neads
yesterday. During the day Sergeant
Smith of the Fifty-first lowa Regiment,
who was formerly a photographer In
Sioux City, called voluntarily on the cou
ple at their rooms, 125 Turk street. Smith
asked Nead if he remembered him and
being told that he could not, Smith said
he distinctly remembers the Neads when
they were holding volunteer missions in
Sioux City. One Sunday night the ex
photographer heard Mr. Nead speak and
the address made a deep impression upon
him. It was shortly before the departure
of the Neads from Sioux City. Being a
careful observer of people, due to long
experience as a photographer, Smith was
positive the man who stood before him
was the orator he had listened to months
before. He expressed his entire willing
ness to testify In court on their behalf and
to aid them in whatever way he could.
Mr. Nead also received a letter from a
Mr. Day and a telegram from Pierce Rat
lin*, president of the Rescue Mission in
Sioux City. The telegram read:
You may say that you and your wife were
regular attendants ami members of the Metho
dist Episcopal Church here, and were in ex
cellent standing. "Will write.
Mrs. Nead has an aunt living in Santa
Rosa who has been written to, and a reply
is expected which will be used as evidence
of the lady's good reputation. Mr. Nead
Is confident of receiving a statement from.
many people in Sioux City signifying their
willingness to make deposition as to his
good character and work there.
WHISPERING POLICEMEN.
Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds Ut
ters a Timely Protest Against
the Nuisance.
Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds of
Judge Low's court had occasion yester
day to call down a policeman for whis
pering in the ear of the Judge while the
case In which he was Interested was on
the calendar.
The case was that of William Nesbitt
and Julia Nicholas, charged with gTand
larceny in stealing three suits of clothes
and other articles from Berg & Co.
The defendants were arrested by Po
licemen Peshon and Cavanaugh, and just
before the case was called in court yes
terday morning Peshon got the Judge's
ear and began to whisper in it. Reynolds
promptly objected, and said that If
Peshon had anything to say in connec
tion with the case he should do so in open
court.
"This practice," said Reynolds, "of po
licemen whispering in the ear of the
Judge is too common, and it is time It
should be stopped. How would it look
if a prisoner was to be taken out of the
dock and allowed to whisper in the ear
of the Judge? I see no difference bi
tween the arresting officer and the de
fendant in that respect."
After the Prosecuting Attorney had fin
ished his remarks Peshon was glad to
take a back seat.
FLORENCE WILSON ARRIVES.
The Daughter of the Secretary of
Agriculture Is a Visitor in
This City.
Miss Florence Wilson, the daughter of
the Secretary of Agriculture, a member
of the Cabinet, arrived in this city last
night and is at present a guest of her
cousin. Mr. Morehouse. at the Savoy.
Miss Wilson will not remain in this city
for any length of time, but will shortly
leave for Chicago and then to Omaha,
where she will .loin the Presidential
party at the exposition.
Stabbed in a Saloon Row.
Free Meyers, a barkeeper at 52 Ellis
street, was treated at the Receiving Hos
pital last night for a nasty knife wound
in the right shoulder.
He became involved in a quarrel with
D. D. Hartson. a dentist, and William
Willis over a nickel-in-the-slot machine,
and in the mix-up that followed was cut
by Hartson.
Hartson and Willis were arrested by
Officer C. E. Fennell and were booked
upon charges of assault with a deadly
weapon and disturbing the peace, respec
tively. _^___
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
■ixb.li* /*y s/VA s? Un
* a 'w^ /*uccJu44 wrap}*
ELEGANT
NEW_SILKSI
FALLIB9B.
During the past week we have received
large shipments of NOVELTY SILKS for
FALL WEAR, and direct particular atten-
tion to the following lines, which are
offered at unusually low prices:
Bayadere and Polka Dot Effect C| tfi
Striped Taffeta OIiUU Yard.
Ombre Satin Stripe Taffeta, Baya- fi»| Cfl
dere cord effect OIiUU Yard.
Graduated color effects in Striped O| Cf]
Silk and Satin OIiJU Yard.
Two-tone Ombre Wave Taffeta, warp O| Cft
print effect OIiJU Yard.
Ombre Plaid Taffeta, black satin Q| Cfl
stripes • OlidU Yard.
Warp Print Checked Taffeta J| CQ
Two-tone Silk and Satin Stripes 0| 7C
Oh I J Yard.
Monotone Plaid Taffeta, latest nov- CM 7C
elty OlilJ Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
10 pieces 24-inch Black Satin Duch- 01 f\{\
esse, all Dure silk OhUU Yard.
TELEPHONE O-R.A.ISrc 1 134.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
lAT AUCTION.
MAPLE ROOM, PALACE HOTEL,
COLLECTION OF
DEAKIN BROS.'
JAPANESE AND EUROPEAN
WORKS OF ART.
ALSO THE WORKS OP
EDWIN DEAKIN,
Consisting of his well-known
Fruit and Landscape Paintings
And Studies in Oil.
'ALSO
Oil and Water Color Paintings, Etchings, Etc.
By Noted European Artists.
On Exhibition TUESDAY, October 4,
j Afternoon and Evening.
Sale Will Be Held on Following
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY
;■■, '^ At 2 and 7:30 p. m.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers.
\ GOOD COOKS 1
1 HAVE USED IT* 1
I EORSO YEARS g
PISTON!
1 jr _v ** ** ** f& jm^ §
MERRILL'S !
IK. PERFECTLY PURE .g
ONCE TRIED !
j_^ALWAY£USEDj
0000000000000
%v» PALACE *'S
%CRAND hotels*
Z. aAn FftAitciaco. 0
** Connected by a covered passageway. •
D 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached."
© All Under One . Management. Sf
D NOT! THE PEIOSS: O
X European Flan.fl.OO per day and upward Q j
O American Plan.s3.«O per day and upward V»
D Correspondence Solicited. Q j
q JOmi 0. KIBKPATMCK. M»n»g?r. q
Q.O O O O O OO O 000000000
•^S^DEWEY.STRDNB ScCO-^j^fX
(1 patents! J)
330 MARKET ST. Sf\u^
united taxes tsrancn.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LONDON
ASSURANCE CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 81ST
day of December, A. D. 1897. and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to th« In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of cectlona
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages (28,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,964,765 00
Cash in company's office 2,546 93
Cash in banks 131,299 55
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 5.559 59
Premiums in due course of collection 208,966 (2
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 15,127 63
Due from other companies for rein- j
surance on losses already paid 224 01
Cosh in hands of special agents 83 80
Total assets $2,337,103 18
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,678 44
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense ." 144.435 73
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10.690 50
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $605,253 76;
reinsurance 50 per cent 304,141 8S
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. JS7B,-
- 705 47; reinsurance pro rata . 456.442 40
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 174 81
Gross premiums on marine time
risks; reinsurance 50 per cent 85.03175
All other demands against the com-
pany 46,51163
Total liabilities 11.011.109 17
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for tin
premiums ■ — y» $891,830 69
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums • 362,448 32
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages ■•■•■,■••:•••:■ 1.260 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks,  loans and from
all other sources... 76,194 23
Total Income $1,331,733 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $373,463 88
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 268,236 55
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 190,669 51
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 101,538 14
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ..' 31.735 17
All other payments and expenditures 91.029 74
Total expenditures $1,056.672 99 ,
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $405.373 24
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- -
ten during the year.... $128,779,063 $1,091,890 90
Net amount of risks ex- „
' pired during the year.. 726,123 1.139.631
Net amount in force De- ,_„„„„  .„ . ■
cember 31. 1897 • 167.763.205 1,487.173 23
•-..,..-•.:. -; - Marine ~*
! Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $105,060,639 $436.169 48
Net amount of risks ex-
I plred during the year.. . 103, 1 03. 60S 423,409 70
Net amount in force De-,
cember 31. 1897..... 1 3,243.457 35,033 75
CHARLES L. CASE, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, 1898.
EMIL FRENKEL. Notary Public
| PACIFIC coast DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.