VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 59.
WEBB IS
PROMPTLY
CLEARED
Vindicated by the Los
Angeles Board of
Education.
Now It Is Director Braly's Turn,
and It Remains to Be Seen
Whether He Will Be Hound
ed by the League.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 27.— Whereas. There is no evidence agrainst
the accused. Walter L. Webb, on either of the charges against htm,
other than the unsupported, uncorroborated testimony of C. H. Ax
tell and J. F. Adams; and.
Whereas. Ftnth <>f these witnesses have time and again confessed
to the commission of perjury in this examination and before the
Grand Jury of the county and before the Superior Court of this coun
ty; and.
Whereas. Neither of said men is worthy of belief, and their testi
mony is absolutely without weight; therefore be it
Resolved. That all proceedings against Mr . Webb be and they are
hereby dismissed as not having been in any way sustained.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— 8y a vote i
of four to three the Los Angeles City
Board of Education to-night adopted
the resolution given herewith, and
thereby ended all proceedings against
Walter L. Webb.
This restores Mr. Webb to his full
powers ;is a member of the Board of !
Education. It is an exoneration from
th*' charges of bribery that were
brought against him and prosecuted
by the League for Better City Govern
ment. It shows those charges to have
brought without good cause and
leaves it an open question as to the mo
tive that inspired the prosecution.
it not for the seriousness of the
a.ffair, so far as concerns the man
placed under fire all these many weeks,
the whole proceeding before the Board
of Education was nothing le&s than a
farce, more particularly since the for- j
jUlttal of Webb be
fore the Superior Court.
o n th« call of the roll Poor, Bartlett, '
Mathis and Mclnerny voted aye, and
Conroy, Davis and Braly voted no.
Kubach was absent, and Webb of
course refrained from voting. An an
alysis of this vote shows that the three
men who voted against the adoption of
the resolution are members of the
League for Better City Government.
Two of these. Chairman Davis of the \
board and Director Conroy, are attor
neys, who, by reason of their education
and training, should have a true and
clear conception of the value of testi
mony. Yet in the face of the fact, pa
tent to everybody who attended the
sessions of the board during this in- I
vestipration, that no scrap of testimony
against Webb was brought to light, ex
cept that given by Axtell and Adams, !
self-confessed perjurers, these two ,
members voted against the resolution, j
Braly, who cast the third vote
against it. is now under investigation,
and according to a rule adopted by the '
board on December T, 1897, he should ;
not have been permitted to vote. This ;
rule reads as follows: "No member of |
the board resting under charges shall
be permitted to vote upon any ques
tion arising during or connected with
the examination of said charges."
When the board adjourned, almost
immediately after the adoption of the \
resolution, Webb's friends crowded
about him to offer their congratulations,
while his erstwhile persecutors, Attor
ney Thomas E. Gibbon and Pastor
Burt Estes Howard in particular,
fumed, foamed and frothed at the re- J
suit of their desperate and despicable i
attempt to ruin the accused for reasons j
already stated in these columns.
When the result of the vote was an
nounced the serpents, who train with |
the Jekyll-Hyde leaders of the League I
for Better City Government, giving I
way to their natural instincts and hab- i
Its. hissed.
The finale in the Webb proceedings j
•was not reached to-night without dis- ;
plays of the most intense animosity on j
the part of the prosecution, which took j
its defeat with ill-concealed chagrin.
There was also a sore disappointment !
for ihe syndicated Times-Herald-Ex
press in the action of the Board of
Education to-night. With their one j
syndicated voice they declared at the
time Davis was elected chairman of the
board that the power of Webb in that
body hu<l been broken. Admitting that
they were correct in this, they must
now admit, if they wish to avoid stul
tifying themselves, that Webb was
fairly and fully acquitted by the vote
of the board to-night.
In closing the case for the prosecu
tion, when tho-sosslon of the board be
gan. Attorney Oliver proceeded to read
part of the testimony given by Adams
in the Superior Court, all of Adams' j
testimony having been admitted in
this investigation. Th" portion read
by Oliver was the cros.fc' xamlnatlon
of Adams by Attorney K. A. Meserve,
In part as follows:
A <*I n ITT T understood Mr. Webb to say
that he received it from Mr. Axtell— sGo
of the Cooper money. Now. if T am
wrong. God Almighty knows I would not
try to convict any living person, and I
don't, nor have dono it In ali my life. If
I ceU a lie, it isn't because I want to. It !
isn't my motive, hut !t is because I hava i
been sick and ill and have been per- I '
suaded, first by one man and then by
another — the City Government League !
and then another league— and have been
under the doctor's care for three or four i
The San Francisco Call
months. If I lie, I am sorry; it Is the
fault of the head and not of the heart,
because I don't want to.
When Oliver came to that part in j
which Adams said he had been per- j
suaded to lie, first by one man and
then another, he remarked, "This does
not necessarily refer to Mr. Gibbon."
At this fling Gibbon exploded like a
powder magazine into which an elec- !
trie spark had been discharged, and in i
response to his vehement protestations
about being referred to in this manner
by the counsel for the defense, all J
such further " professional courtesies ;
were prohibited by the chairman. In
j another portion of the cross-examin-
I ation of Adams occurred the following:
If Mr. Webb.ewore that' he never told •
j you he got the $60 you would believe him
| in preference to your own recollection, ;
! wouldn't you?
A.— I might have been mistaken, Just,
like I have been in some"* other thing's.
How, this is God Almighty's truth that 1
am stating.
Q.— You may have been mistaken?
' A.— Yes.
When Oliver had concluded Director !
Poor made the following prefatory re- i
marks In introducing the resolution
already mentioned:
"I think that even if the gen
tleman argued the matter for a week
| it would make no difference. The mem
bers are just as ready to vote now as
they would be if arguments were made.
As far as the final outcome is con
\ cerned, I am very much in favor of dis- :
missing this case just where it is. To
that end I wish to present this reso
lution."
Bartlett said he seconded the resolu
tion with much pleasure.
Director Mclnerney made an amend
ment to the effect that all the charges
against Mr. Braly be also dismissed.
Chairman Davis ruled the amend- I
ment out of order on the ground that
Braly's case had not yet been formally
considered.
Director Braly objected to the
amendment on the ground that no
charges have yet been preferred
against him, as only a resolution re
questing that charges be brought ;
against him had been adopted by the
board. He spoke against the resolu- '
firm ctnri In fa \*r\-w r\f V»j%n*-I**» A —_.. ! '
mm a.uu in iu.vcjr oi nearing argu- |
ments.
Chairman Davis spoke in favor of ■
arguments.
Director Poor declared that he had
no desire to choke off anything that !
anybody might want to say, and added
that he did not believe that any argu
menta that might be made would pro
duce the least effect on or change the
vote of any member.
Gibbon again got the floor, and tried '
to argue on the merits of the main is- I
sue, intimating, among other things,
that if -the board did not convict Webb
the people would be in no humor to i
vote the bonds asked by the Board of
EducatU-n for improvements in the
school department.
Director McEnerney signified his i
willingness to forego arguments, and
the roll was called. When it came Di- !
rector Mathis' turn to vote he explain- '
ed his position by saying that as the i
Superior Court had decided Mr Webb '
was not guilty, he felt that he co-uld
not v,,tc otherwise than in the affirma- i
tive.
This r-!f>ars the stag? for the n^xt act. i
It is now Mr. Hraly's turn to be inves
tigated under the direction of the
League for Better City Government, of
whi'h hf- is a member.
Will the leagu.- show th* same perti
nacity to secure a conviction of Mr
Braly that it displayed In the prosecu
tion of Mr. Wobb? la the question that
is now awaiting an answer
REVOLUTION IN SALVADOR
IS DECLARED IMMINENT.
Causes of Discontent Are the Serious Finan
cial and Political Conditions and
Gross Misrule.
Copyrighted. 1838, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA. Jan. 27.— 1 am informed by
the Herald's correspondent in Managua,
Nicaragua, that advices Just received in
that city from San Salvador state that a
revolution In Salvador is imminent Bo
far as I can learn the cause of the' dis
content which threatens to break forth
into open rebellion la the serious finan
cial and political conditions In Salvador
combined with the alleged gross misrule
of the Government. In addition to these
conditions the relations of Guatemala and
Salvador are considerably strained now
and this adds to the excitement' in Sal
vador. Four large banks in Salvador have
failed. The only prominent bank there
now which is safe is the Bank or London
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
DISGRACEFUL
SCENES AT
A BARBECUE
Wild Spectacles at
the Denver Union
Stockyards.
Spread Prepared for Vis
itors Captured by
a Mob.
Police and Militia Unable to
Check the Mad Rush or
Preserve Order.
SEVERAL BADLY INJURED.
Delicacies Intended for the National
Stock - Growers Seized and
Trampled Under Foot.
Special Dl»p«tch to The Cmll.
DENVER. Jan. 27.— The National
Stock Growers' Convention culminated
in a wild scene at the Union Stock
Yards this afternoon, where a barbecue
was given. Arrangements had been
made for feeding: from 10,000 to 15.0*0
people. The viands prepared included
ten steers, two bears, two buffolaes.
four elk, seven antelopes, seven moun
tain sheep and 200 'possums. With this
was served 4000 loaves of bread. 200 gal
lons of coffee and 400 kegs of beer.
Between 20,000 and 30,000 people at
tended, the crush being tremendous.
The crowd lined the tables thirty to
forty deep. Chief of Police Farley and
forty-five policemen, together with a
detachment of the Denver City Troop
were wholly unable to preserve order.
The crowd charged the bread tables
and carving boards. The police and
military were pelted with bread and
the chief use of meat was to cl.ub neigh
bors on the head. Within less than
fifteen minutes there was ah end of the
barbecue, and not one-tenth of those
present got a bite.
Trooper Victor Goethe was overcome
in the rush and seriously injured.
Bread, meat of all kinds, buffalo, bear,
mountain sheep, elk, antelope,- were
scattered all' about/and r>off>o HtPralir
drenched the ground. Tables, fences
and all other destructible property the
mob could lay hands on were torn down
and ruined.
Women were borne away fainting and
men were clubbed, but the mob could
not be swayed. Scarcely one person
in a hundred got within a block of the
roasting pits, which had been arranged
to entertain the guests throughout the
afternoon and well into the night.
At 8 o'clock to-night an unknown man
was brought in from the scene of the
riot, fatally injured. He expired soon
after reaching the police station. He
had been struck on the back of the
head by some one in a fight, and never
recovered from the blow. A number
of others are reported injured, but
none fatally.
KING LEOPOLD THE
BUYER OF THE MAYFLOWER.
Ruler of the Belgians Secures the Swift
Yacht, the Sum Paid Being
$400,000.
Copyright, UH, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARTS. Jan. 27.— am Informed on the
best authority that It Is Leopold. Kin*
of the Belgians, who has bought the
Mayflower, the sum paid being $400,000.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for Ran Fran
cisco: Increasing cloudiness and
probably light showers on Friday;
northerly, changing to southeasterly,
winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
Pan Francisco 62 decrees
Portland 40 degrees
IjOs Angeles 84 degree*
San Diego 60 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
School Director Webb Vindicated.
Spain's Fleet Ordered to Cuba.
The Nairn Fratricide Case.
Riot at a Denver Barbecue.
SECOND PAGE.
Congress Hard at Work.
THIRD PAGE.
Field Trials for Dogs Ended.
Los Angeles to Re Free.
Frost In the Citrus Belt.
Wreck of a Lake Steamer.
Liberal to Canadians In Alaska.
FOURTH PAGE.
MrKlnley Talk* of Prosperity.
The Grafting of Insects.
Street Murder at Los Angeles.
Arrested as a Stage Kobber.
Bunkoed by a Little Girl.
FIFTH PAGE.
Progress of Fleers Trial.
Many Ships. No Wharfage.
The Australia to Run North.
Drink Causes Another Murder.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Improvements In Oakland.
Concerning the Rev. C. O. Brown.
California in Congress.
No Chance for a Contract.
Books for the People.
The Total Solar Eclipse.
Stories From the Corridors. ■
SEVENTH PAGE.
Gup Herget's Disappointment.
The New Federal Nominees.
The Charges Against Glynn.
Policemen vs. Specials.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Commercial World.
NINTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Flood's Plea for Pardon.
TENTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleslde.
ELEVENTH ; PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE. ,
The Coming Miners' Fair.
Another I 'ay of Jubilee.
The Symphony Concert. - ,
ARANGUEREN
SLAIN BY HIS
SPANISH FOES
Executioner of Ruiz
Surprised and
Shot.
The Dashing Young Cuban
General Meets Sudden
Death.
Officers of the Maine Pay a
Visit to the Acting Cap
tain-General.
THIS WILL BE RETURNED.
Orders Given for the Concentration of
the Entire Spanish Fleet In
Havana Harbor.
Special Pi«P**ch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. 28. — The
Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Mall says: It has been de
cided that the whole Spanish
fi.-.-t shall concentrate at Ha
vana, though not Immediately,
unless circumstances demand.
Admiral Herrnejo, the Minister
of Marine, has ordered the fleet
to rendezvous at Cadiz. A trans-
Atlantio steamer will be char
tered to supply the ships with
coal and stores. A local news
paper assorts that measures
have been taken to keep United
States Minister Woodford'a res
idence "under surveillance."
HAVANA, Jan. 27.— At noon to-day
Lieutenant-< Benedicto. with the
Spanish Reir.a battalion, surprised near
Ta paste; this province, the camp of In
' surgent' General Nestor Arangueren,
killing Arangueren and four privates,
capturing five of the Insurgents and
wounding others, who, made their es
cape. . ■ ,'■'-■-• -. »-•<■;- ■
I *<- The- bt»<*yr't)f iT*- t '. pn-'J^r-'j «ne£»i* ArWTJ
gueren was brought by. train to Ha
vana this afternoon arid delivered to
the military authorities: After identi
fication it was sent to the morgue. Brig
adier-General Araneueren was evident
ly about 24 years of age, of fair com
plexion, with blonde hair and a email
mustache. The body, which showed
two bullet wounds, one in the head and
I one in the right leg, is dressed in cash
; mere pantaloons, gray woolen coat and
gaiters, comparatively new. It is said
that the gaiters and the vest once be
longed to Lieutenant-Colonel Joaquln
Ruiz, the aide-de-camp of General
Blanco, who, having gone last Decem
, ber to Arangueren's camp with terms
of surrender, was executed by Aran- |
gueren, or with his approval.
According to the Spanish authorities.
j Brigadier-General Arangueren was sur
j prised while on a visit to a young wo- ;
I man on the Pita farm between Campo
'• Florida and Tapaste. He was wound
j ed, and in trying to escape was shot
dead. Among the prisoners is the
father of the young woman. He was
the dynamiter of Arangueren's band.
Nestor Arangneren was born in Ha
vana twenty-four years ago. His father :
is Benito Arangueren. a merchant, who
at one time was wealthy. Young
Arangueren joined the insurgents in
the summer of 1535. and immediately
won promotion by his daring. After
the Invasion of Havana Province by
the rebels he and Colonel Raoul Arango,
another young officer, conducted daring ;
and unusually successful operations In
the immediate neighborhood of Havana ',
City. Arangueren was so much op
posed to accepting autonomy as a set
tlement of the present war In Cuba that
when Colonel Ruiz, a personal friend,
went to him from General Blanco, with
an offer of peace, Arangueren ordered
the court-martial and execution of the |
Spanish officer.
Captain Sigsbee of the United States
warship Maine, accompanied by Con
sul-General Lee and Lieutenants How
ard and Haleman of the Maine, paid
a visit to-day to General Parrado, the
Acting Captain-General, who received j
them courteously and cordially. They
expressed themselves as well satisfied
with the interview. To-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock General Parrado, ac
companied by Consul-General Lee, will
return the visit on board the Maine.
General Blanco has arrived at Man
zanlllo, where he has been formally re
ceived by the authorities and by the
autonomist' committee. Large crowds
turned out on his arrival. General
Blanco visited the hospitals, the forts
and the barracks.
Reports from Hemedios say that
many families of the reconcentrados
are in most wretched condition.
The warships in the port are flying
colors in honor of the birthday of Em
peror William. Artillery General Fuen
tes to-day visited the German school
ship Gneisenau.
The American yacht Buccaneer has
arrived here from the Tortugas, and
the Ward line steamer Seneca, which
reached port to-day, brought a con-
Bignment of provisions fn r the desti
tute, which has been turned over to
Consul-General Lee.
Several correspondents of British
publications have arrived at Clenfue-
Kos.
MADRID. Jan. 27 —The Public Pros
ecutor demands a sentence upon Lieu
tenant-General Weyler of two months'
imprisonment.
CHINA ACCEPTS THE
OFFER OF A LOAN.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— 1t is' reported that
Lord Salisbury informed the Cabinet to
day that China had practically , accepted
the British offer of a loan. The Cabinet,
it Is understood, will meet 'again, to-mor
row. ■ . ;
A special dispatch. from Shanghai says
the Japanese fleet is cruising off the coast
of Shantung- ■ . : . ■•• . •
FRATRICIDE CLARK
FACES CITIZENS
OF ST. HELENA
People Listen Patiently While the Mur=
dered Man's Widow Tells Her
Shameful Story.
FRATRICIDE CLARK RIDES INTO ST. HELENA.
PT. HELENA. Jan. 27.— George
Clark, the most despicable of mur
derers, has passed physically un
scathed through the first day of his
preliminary examination. The day's
work is over. Clark, the Sheriff, and his
deputies are back in Napa. and no sign
of the threatened lynching has been
manifested.
The streets were crowded here this
morning as the team containing the
four men drove rapidly by. Of course,
there were men watchiisf, but there
were also women, any number of them,
standing on the sidewalk to get a
glimpse of the man. whose crime is
the only thing that makes him worth
looking at. There were children, too,
for school was out, and on one corner a
father stood holding his baby high in
his arms, while a little farther toward
the Town Hall. In an invalid chair, sat
a woman, who had been brought out
that she might not miss the sight.
The whole day has been taken up
with Mrs. Clark's examination and
cross-examination. All day she sat so
; near to George Clark that he could
touch her if he stretched out a hand,
repeating words that might scorch a
woman's lips. Yet her voice, though
weak and subdued at first, showed no
emotion. She had the grace to hide
her face behind a thick black veil, and
she spoke in so low a tone that her
, words were scarcely audible. But if
' Mrs. Clark were a sensitive woman— a
sensitive Mrs. Clark would be a para
dox—l know she would have endured
enough in this one day's pillorying to
atone for the horrible life her words
made shamefully vivid.
Mrs. Clark had an opportunity to
svoid the repetition of that unspeak
ably shameful story she had already
told. When District Attorney Bell's {
inquiries Hhowed that he intended to
question the woman as to her relations
with her brother-in-law. Attorney Ho- :
gan interfered and asked Justice Chirm
to instruct Mrs. Clark that she need
not answer the District Attorney's ;
questions if she didn't want to.
Mrs. Clark sat with downcast eyes,
her profile, which, by the way. Is not
so bad, dimly seen through her thick
veil, while the lawyers wrangled. Jus
tice Chirm advised her that answering
the question was optional.
Then he said: "Do you wish to an
swer?"
"I want to do what's for my own
best." Mrs. Clark answered, In a low,
complaining voice and sighing heavily.
"Of course, it's very painful for me to
go over my past life. But everybody
knows it, and I might as well tell it."
And she did. She told particulars,
under the District Attorney's cross
questioning, that a normal woman
would have suffered martyrdom before
admitting. She told of the beginning
of the vile history- She told of George
Clark's boyhood, when he was a pupil
at the school she taught in Illinois, and
he would make the fires and in a gen
eral way do Janitor work for the school
marm. She told of her marriage to her
husband, when she was 25 and William
Clark was 23 and George, the murder
er, was a lad of perhaps 13. She told
of the long years during which she out
raged the simplest canons of decency.
She described scenes with the murder
er, when she called fc/r her daughter's
interference, but she admitted that for
years there had not been even resist
ance on her part to George Clark's
making his brother's home an abom
inable, bestial place. She described the
little house where the tragedy took
place and where, on the night before
THE DRIVE TO ST. HELENA.
ST. HELENA, Jan. 27.— The trip from Napa to St. Helena this
morning with Murderer Clark was an uneventful one. Stories had
gone abroad last night at the county seat that the murderer would
never complete his journey; that angry citizens would assemble on the
road and lynch him. But they proved both false and ridiculous. No
plans for violence seemed even contemplated.
In view of these rumors and as a precaution Sheriff McKenzie
had four persons accompany himself and the pri&oner in the convey
ances. The party drove out of Napa at 8:40 o'clock and besides the
murderer, comprised Sheriff McKensie, Under Sheriff R. A. Rrownlee,
R. H. McKenzie, F. J. Brownlee and.S. W. Scotton. The guards were
armed and prepared for any possible onslaught, but their weapons re
mained in their pockets all the way, and only teams and curious on
lookers greeted the prisoner and party. The murderer himself was
much frightened.
"You don't think they'll get me. do you?" he asked, nervously, after
the start, and he huddled close to the Sheriff.
"No; don't worry, George." was the reassuring reply, and until the
suburbs of St. Helena were reached he seemed in an easier frame of
mind.
As the domes and steeples about his late home rose in view Clark
again became nervous. Everytimehe sawa staring: individual or a cluster
of men he would droop his head and move closer to the Sheriff. Every
body, it seemed, was out of doors, and Main street was thronged, but
all were quiet and orderly.
It was difficult for the two vehicles to reach the hall refected for the
examination. The people swarmed in front of it in great numbers, and
every one gazed at the prisoner. The latter looked up for a moment as
if to see if the widow was in sight. She was not, and his head dropped
again.
He alighted from the carriage and was hurried into the hall. He
presented a better appearance than when he left here a week ago. Be
fore starting from Napa a good suit of clothes was given him by the
Sheriff, which he donned as quickly as possible. The morning was
clear and cold, but before reaching St. Helena the atmosphere
warmed up, and the balance of the journey was pleasant. St. Helena
was reached at 10:45 o'clock.
the murder, six of the family slept in
one room.
• • ■ - ; " •> — ,
THE LAWYERS WRANGLE
WHILE CLARK SITS BY
TAKING LITTLE INTEREST
Bitter Fight Begins in the Justice's Court
at St. Helena for the Life of the
Fratricide.
ST. HELENA, Jan. 27.— Every man
in St. Helena and for miles around was
at the preliminary examination of
Clark this morning. The little town
hall, which conveniently holds about
fifty, was packed with people, who
pressed up against the railing which
divides the little space just large
enough to hold five tables, at which sat
Justice Chlnn, District Attorney Theo
dore Bell, Attorneys Hogan and Beer
stecher for the defense, and the re
porters whom this remarkable case
have drawn to pretty, excited little St.
Helena.
The crowd was massed in the back
part of the hall, and mounted In hast
ily constructed pyramids toward the
door. There were boyish faces within
two feet of the wooden ceiling. The en
trance to the hall was blocked; on
either side, at the open windows, were
groups of laborers and farmers who
stood patiently straining to catch a
word now and then. When Deputy
Rednall went to close a window so that
the fresh, cool air might not blow in
a draft from one open window to the
other immediately opposite an earnest
eyed fellow, collarless. in a jumper and
overalls, with his slouch hat pulled
over his dark brows, pleaded with the
deputy as a child might.
"Oh. don't shut it," he exclamined,
and the good natured deputy pulled
the window only partially closed.
Why, even on the roofs of the houses
near, on a sort of gangway on the
north side, men climbed and crouched
and spoke in whispers. It was a mat
ter difficult for the officers of the court
even to make their way through the
mob. It was a good natured mob.
though, but with determination enough
in the faces to make one sure that, if
there were any chance of George
Clark evading Justice, they would re
sort •to extreme measures. So far as
one can measure that evasive thing,
public opinion, the chances are the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
people of St. Helena are not likely to
lynch this man. If they were tempted
by the chance of his staying here over
night, which the Sheriff would not per
mit, and if anything should occur dur
ing the examination to rouse a sus
picion in the minds of these people
that Clark might escape, the case will
be altered.
There was not the smallest demon
stration as the double-seated team con
taining Clark, the Sheriff and his depu
ties drove up the main street of St.
Helena. The crowd was strung out
along the sidewalk, watching curious
ly for the advent of the murderer. The
train on its way from Napa to St.
Helena halted at Rutherford, and there
the Sheriff and his party passed along
the road. Every head was turned to
see Clark, a pitiably inadequate cen
tral figure for interest so intense. He
sat huddled up on the back seat with
the Sheriff's protecting arms about
him. Sheriff McKenzie brought Clark
through a narrow alley, a back en
trance of the hall. He came into the
crowded hall, his dark eyes roving
about as if to gauge the degree of hos
tility in the mass of eager faces.
Clark looked ill. His face was sal
low, there were circles under his dull,
protruding eyes, and the line that
marked the jaw was heavy. He sat in
court with his heavy blue overcoat but
toned up to the chin. That overcoat,
by the way, was the one given to
George Clark by Dr. Osborn, which will
| be identified by Peter Yorke as the coat
worn by the man who fled in the early
: morning along the streets from \VH
i liam Clark's house on January 20.
He never looked at Mrs. Clark, who
sat beside him. giving her horrible tes-
I tlmony; he was nervelessly still, gaz
i ing stupidly in front of him, moisten
ing his lips at times, slowly twirling
his thumbs. But there was not a per
j son in the crowded, close courtroom
who sat so quietly.
Sheriff McKenzie had made arrange
• ments to have the warrant on which
I George Clark was arrested sent by
: mail to St. Helena. When court con
■■ vened no warrant for Clark's arrest
was in St. Helena. The murderer
walked with lamb-like meekness out
of the back door into the anteroom, and
standing there blinking in the sunlight
submitted again to arrest. Again the
court preliminaries began to unwind
I their tedious course, when It was dis
1 covered that the Justice's name was not2
signed to warrant No. 2. This time the
attorney for the defense, enjoying the
mistake of the State's officers. Inter
posed.
"There being no warrant for this
man's arrest, lie's really a free man.
He could get up and walk out," said
Attorney Beerstecher, complacently.
"Why, certainly, have him get up and
walk out," retorted District Attorney
Bell.
"Well," sanl Henry Hogan amiably,
"he won't walk out."
"No," growled a voice from behind
the railing. "He shan't walk out this
way."
"No," whispered a lad.
"I'd like to see him pet through here,"
ran:? from a packed mass of men to the
left. These nun would have torn
Clark to pieces before they'd let him
reach the door. But George Clark
walked, n<~>t out the main entrance, but
out again to the anteroom, where he
Blood, his heart thrust forward turtle
wise, his eyea Minking In the sun and
his triangular eyebrows elevated as
they are when he's particularly un
turppy. There he was arrested for the
third time, and again the proceedings
began. The document accusing George
Clark of willfully, feloniously, mali
ciously and unlawfully killing his
brother was read and the prisoner sank
back into his chair between the Sheriff
and Deputy RednaJl.
Every attitude this man takes Is In
dicative of weakness, mental and phys
ical. He doesn't sit or walk or talk
like a man. • He did not raise his eyes
when Mrs. Clark entered, and she
didn't look toward him.
The examination of Mrs. Clark by
District Attorney Bell did not proceed
smoothly. It was continually breaking
upon the rocks of Attorney Hogan's
objections, of which, by the way. Mr.
Hopan must have quite a collection al
ready. Mr. Hogan is a very emphatic
man and there were several times dur
ing the day when he and District At
torney Bell found it necessary to dis
agree, and that vigorously and decided
ly. Mr. Hogan objected once to the in
troduction of testimony on the ground
that it wasn't proper.
"This thing isn't decent," he ex
claimed.
"Did you just find it out?" asked the
District Attorney, "and since when are
you an expert?"
The ruling was against Mr. H^pan,
as It was every time but once, on which
occasion (."lark's attorney sarcastically
thanked Justice Chirm. and the law
yers said: "All right; we'll take an
other < xception."
"Without the emphasis, then," said
Justice Chirm, and indeed Mr. Hogan
has a facetious way <.f using the word
"Another "
There was a battle about admitting
the evidence that Mrs. Clark had been
(unstrained in continuing her relations
■with the murderer of late years. Dis
trict Attorney Bell made an excellent
little speech, insisting upon the point
that in the woman's resistance the
greatest motive for the crime was
shown. AVhen he finished the crowd
burst into loud applause, stamping and
shouting. There could be no question
about the feelings of St. Helenans.
They enjoyed every point made against
th.; man whose crime brought their
town into such unpleasant promi
nence. A wave of Marshal Johnson's
hand quieted the throng, but it did not
soothe Attorney Hogan's temper. He
jumped to his feet, and, facing the
crowd, declared pugnaciously: "To the
gentlemen who use their feet more
than their heads, I want to say that I
am going to stay right here. I'm
only asking for justice for this man,
and justice we shall have. Who knows
but this woman is as guilty as this
man? Why should the District Attor
ney screen her? Who knows that she
is not at least an accomplice? God
alone can judge between these two."
To which Justice Chirm quietly made
answer: "No. I've exclusive jurisdic
tion in this case."
Attorney Hogan, when he wants to
annoy his opponent, intimates that the
District Attorney is guilty of extreme
youth. But Mr. Bell is of the sort that
grows quiet with excitement or anger.
"Well." exclaimed Mr. Hogan once
during the examination, "that question
ought to he printed and framed. It's
obscure. I esftt understand it."
"Perhaps," said the District Attor
ney, "it might be interpreted to you by
some man of intelligence."
"Get at what you want to ask," be
gan Clark's attorney.
"I'll ask my own questions," de
clared Mr. BelL I'll run this to suit
myself."
"No, you won't," retorted Mr. Ho
prar). and then ho continued in an em
phatic speech to assert Clark's right to
a fair trial. "This man is as innocent
as I am." h« said, and before he could
finish his sentence, "in the eyes of the
law," there was a "whoop" from the
crowd that made Mr. Hogan deliver
another address to the people.
"Well, we'll see," said the prosecu
tion.
But all this sparring and quibbling
of the attorneys has behind it a serious
Intent. Attorney Hogan, when he
cross-examined Mrs. Clark, dwelt
upon the fact that this woman has re
peatedly told George Clark that under
certain circumstances she would marry
him. Mrs. Clark insists that since
George Clark came back from the East
she has replied "No" to a similar ques
tion. But the murderer insists that
her answer has ever been the same.
This woman knew, too, the thought
that was in George Clark's mind. The
way that she has influenced him Is too
intangible a thing, probably, for the
law to put a finger upon, hut in St.
Helena's eyes she is as guilty, morally,
as the man, who, many declare, was
only her tool.
The District Attorney has nine wit
nesses to examine to-morrow. Of
these, however, only one is of impor
tance in relation to the case, and that
is George Dax, the small, sleek haired,
stuttering pon-in-law of Mrs. Clark.
Her daughters. Bertha and Lillie. pale
faced, rather awkward girls, with hair
of an undecided blonde, are also wit
nesses in the case. Dr. Osborne, on
whose place George Clark worked and
lived: Dr. McCurdy, Peter Yorke and
the Marshal and Constable, complete
the list. Both prosecution and defense
are anxious to conclude the case, and
the chance 3 are that by Friday even
ing Clark will be on his way back to
tho Xapa jail, there to stay till his trial
shall take place.
A rumor that Mrs. Clark had con
fessed that she was the originator of
the scheme to poison hor husband, and
when that failed to shoot him, startled
the valley this evening. Mrs. Clark
denied positively on the witness stand
to-day that she was aware of George
Clark's purpose, and no confirmation
of the rumor can be obtained in St.
Helena to-night. That Mrs. Clark con
sulted District Attorney Bell as to the
advisability of engaging counsel for
herself shows that she is not unaware
of the thought that is uppermost In
people's minds just now.
To-night Mrs. Clark denied positive
ly the story as to a confession made
by her that hers was the mind that
planned the death of William Clark.
her husband.
"I haven't made a confession," she
said. "I've nothing to confess. I'm
innocent of that, and I've toid all 1
know."
WITHOUT TRACE OF SHAME
MRS. CLARK RELATES
HER STORY OF CRIME.
Transcript of the Evidence That Drew the
Crowd to the Little Room Where
Court Was Held.
ST. HELENA. Jan. 27.— Mrs. W. A.
Clark was the one witness of the day.
Her testimony was not different from
that at the inquest, except it ehowed
In more detail the relations existing
between herself and the murderer. She
did not manifest the least trace of
shame, nor seem to realize that she
was in a position suggestive of em
barrassment. Mrs. Clark went on the
stand at 10:45. Her examination was
not over until court adjourned. While
the direct statements of the woman
were of Interest, it was on cross-exami
nation that details such as caused the
crowd to strain its ears so as not to
lose a word were dragged from her. Her
testimony, divested of verbiage, reptl
tion, and with the prolix legal argu
ments which marked It eliminated, was
as follows:
She gave her name as Lovlna Clark,
aged 46, married to William Anderson
Clark in Illinios twenty-one years ago.
Of seven children, the oldest was married
to Mr. Dax.
Q.— Mrs. Clark, where were you residing
on the 19th day of January. lSy*?
A.— On Railroad avenue and Pine street,
the corner of Railroad avenue and Pine
street, in the town of St. Helena.
Q.— Kindly state the names of those
who were residing there with you at that
time.
A. — My husband, my son-in-law, daugh
ter that was married and all of my chil
dren.
Q. — Mrs. Clark, did you see your hus
band on the 19th day of January, 1898?
A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— Where did you see him on that
day?
A.— l saw him at the hou?e in the morn-
ing.
Q.— Did you see him during the evening
after you" saw him between half-;
A.— Yes, sir. 1 saw him when I came
home from the Salvation Army meeting.
and 6 In the evening?
Q.— Where did you see him? A.— l saw
him on Main street,
Q.— Well, when did you next see him on
that evening after you had seen him on
Main street? A.— l saw him after I came
from the meeting, between half-past 9
and 10, in the sitting-room.
Q.— Who went to bed first? A.— l 01 1.
Q.— Where is the bedroom to which you
went, with reference to the sitting-room?
A.— Right off from the sitting-room.
Q. — Is there anything of the shape of
doors between the sitting-room and the
bedroom? A. — No, sir; there is nothing
but curtains.
Q. — Did you occupy the same bed —
sleep together? A.— No. sir; 1 slept with
Georgie and May.
Q.— And with whom did your husband
sleep? A.— Ethel and Joel.
Q.— At what time did you arise on the
20th day of January, ISPS'" A.— Some time
between 5 and half-past 5.
Q.— What was the occasion of your get
ting up at that time? A.— l beard ■
groaning noise; I thought it was my hus
band; I thought he had the nightman
and I called to him and he did not answer
me. and I rose up in bed and looked out
at the door through into the kitchen, that
is under the door, and I saw a light un
der the door and I knew then that it was
my husband and that he was up.
Q.— You saw a light under the kitchen
door? A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— On that morning when you looked
out was the door closed? A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— What, if anything, did you hear?
A.— l heard groaning.
Q.— Well, what did you do? A.— l
jumped up and ran and opened the door
and ran into the kitchen.
Q._What did you see upon opening the
door and running into the kitchen? A.— l
saw my husband lying on the floor.
Q.— How was he lying? A.— Near the
door that goes out on the side porch
where the stove is, and he had his feet
toward the door, and his head was fur
thest Into the inside of the room.
Q.— What did you do upon finding your
husband in that' position? A.— l went up
to him and looked down at him.
Q.— Well, what was his condition? He
was lying perfectly straightened out. Just
lying' on his back with his head turned
over a little to one side.
Q.— Well, what did you then do? A.— l
ran and called my son-in-law. George
Dax. We all ran back to my husband,
and I think we all got to him about the
same time, and George Dax turned my
husband over.
Q — Did you speak to him after you had
called your son-in-law? A.— Yes. Fir. I
said, "6, Will, speak to me." He made
no response.
q —Now, what next was done with your
husband after you all got in there to him.
after you had called your son-in-law?
A.— We picked him up and carried him
into the other room and laid him on the
lounge.
q —Mrs. Clark, do you know the defend
ant, George W. Clark. A.— Yes, sir.
q._ How long have you known him?
A.— Since we were boys and girls to-
gether.
Q.— Do you know his age? A.— Yes, sir;
37 years old.
Q.— How old was he when you first be
came acquainted with him? A.— About six
W'-eks Old.
Q.— At the time that you were married
to William Anderson ("lark, where did the
defendant live? A.— Wayne County. Illi
nois. We lived pretty close together,
probably a mile and a half or two miles
apart.
Q. — With respect to your home, where
did this defendant live from the time you
first knew him up to the time of your
marriage to W. A. Clark? A.— He lived
In Wayne County and I lived in Clay
County.
Q.— Now, after you moved to Clay Coun
ty, during the years that you lived there
and he still lived in Wayne County, did
the defendant visit you at your home?
A.— Yes, sir; probably every two or three
weeks.
Q.— And how long would he remain? A.—
Over night sometimes, and sometimes
through the day.
Q.— At any time after that did the de
fendant take up his home at the resi
dence of yourself and husband? A.— Yes,
sir.
Q.— When, and how long after your
marriage with W. A. Clark? A.— lt was
probably six or seven ye"ars. Then he
came and lived with us.
Q.— When did you come to California?
A.— l think about eleven years ago, as
near as I can remember.
Q.— Who came with you? A. — George
Clark and four children.
Q.— Did your husband come to California
at that time? A.— No, sir; he came in
April of one year and we came, George
Clark and the four children and I, in
August of that year.
Q.— How long had you been married at
the time of your removing to California?
A. — I think nine years.
Q.— Mrs. Clark, at the time that you
came to California with George Clark and
the children, what were your relations
with the defendant?
Mr. Hogan (one of the attorneys for
the defendant)— Now, your Honor, we ob
ject to that; this woman is not charged
with having committed any crime, or any
offense. And I further ask that this court
instruct this witness that she has a right
to refuse to answer any question that will
tend to criminate herself. The witness
does not have to answer any question
that would have a tendency to convict
her of any offense.
Mr. Bell (District Attorney)— ln regard
to the objection, it certainly Is material
because we propose to follow it up by
showing, as I have already intimated
that the relation that existed between
this woman and George Clark was the
motive that prompted the commission of
this crime. The defendant stands here
accused of the murder of his own brother
and there must have been some powerful
motive that prompted this man to kill his
own brother; and for that purpose wo
think it is material, we think it will show
the motive of the crime— these relations
that have existed for so many years and
for that reason we ask that the question
be allowed.
The court— Do you wish to answer the
questions, Mrs. Clark, or do you wish to
claim your right to refuse- to answer them
—or do you wish to take your privilege on
the ground that it might tend to crimi
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAXUABT 28, IS9B.
JUSTICE CHINN.
nate you? A.— l want to do what's for my
best— l don't know.
- Mr. Bell — Do you wish to answer this
question and tell what you know about
this matter, Mrs. Clark? A. — Of course.
It's very painful for me to go over my
past life.
Q. — The question is: Now, do you wish
to claim your privilege in this matter?
A. — Everybody knows it. so I guess 1 may
as well tell. well, we were intimate.
Q. — Were you Intimate with the defend
ant for the period of a year or two prior
to your coming to California? A.— Yes.
sir.
Q.— During that year. or two years did
that illicit relation exist between you and
George Clark? A. — Yes, sir.
Q. — How long, if at all. after removing
to California, did this relation exist be
tween you and George Clark? A.— Do you
mean willingly?
Q.— Well, I will qualify it to that. Will
ingly on your part? A. Until the last
five or six years, or seven.
Q. — Well, how long did it continue with
your consent? A.— For the last six or
seven years.
Q. — Has that relation continued at all
during the last six or seven years? A.—
Sometimes.
Q.— You have stated that there has
been at times an improper relation be
tween you and George Clark In the last
six or seven years? A.— l have; yes, sir;
that's so.
At this point considerable time was
consumed in endeavoring to induce the
witness to tell of the exact relations sus
tained by George Clark and herself dur
ing the last year, but with poor success.
She evaded the questions with sx.me skill.
and where she acknowledged the fact,
placed all the blame or. the defendant,
charging him with coercion. Much she
did acknowledge was of a character not
to be printed.
Q.— Did you have any talk with George
Clark relative to your husband or rela
tive to the breaking off of this relation?
A.— Yes. si.-. I would plead with him and
tell him it was not right, and tell him
that I knew it wasn't right, and that
I wanted to live a better life and do what
was right.
Q— Well, what was said in reference to
your husband? A.— l don't remember
whether I would always. but I know that
I most always would tell htm that I was
the wife of another man, and that I knew
it wasn't right, and that I intended to live
a better life.
Here it was sought to establish the
time at which George dark's advances
had been finally rejected, and whether
or not since that date, which the
woman declined to fix precisely, there
had been questionable relations man
ifest on his part. The witness left no
doubt as to her intentions, and de
scribed how she had pleaded with
Clark to lead a better life and permit
her to do so. She had sometimes been
obliged to call some member of the
family in for protection.
Q.— Do yon know whether nr not any
thing was said by you or by the defendant
at the time the last overtun s were made
by him to you about your husband? A.— l
don't think his name was mentioned.
Q-— Had this defendant, George Clark,
at any time during the lust year said
anything to you in regard to your ever
becoming his wife? A.— Yes, sir: he did.
Q.— Has he said anything of that char
acter to y«.u during the last year, more
than once? A.— Yes, sir; several times
be has said something to that effect.
Q.— How long has it been, if you remem
ber, .-ince he first spoke to you about that
matt.-r. A.— l can't say whether he said
anything about that before we came to
California or not. Positively I could not
Q.— Do you know whether or not any
reference was made to your husband at
that time? Anything he said? A.— No, I
don't.
Q.— At any time since you moved Into
the Piitchard house has he made any
mention to you about this same matter?
A.— Ye», sir; he has probably every month
on an average. . ..
Q.— Now, what did he say? A.— Well he
would ask me if I would be his wife if
things were so we couNT.
' Q.— What did you Fay to him in response
to that question? A.— "Yes."
Q.— You said "yes"? Yes. sir; I said
"yes"; and I would tell him^iot to talk
about such things, it was nor right, ami
he would insist that I ought to give him
an answer, and to get rid of him I would
say "yes."
— Now, was your husband's name
mentioned during all of these conversa
tions you had with him about marriage?
— Yes, sir; sometimes, but not often.
Q.— Well, what was said about him?
A.— He said that "if Will was out of the
way would you marry me— if anything
was to happen and we were in a condi
tion, that we could?"
State fully, Mrs. Clark, what he
would say about your husband. A. — That
would be about all that he would say. .
Have you ever had any conversa
tions of the kind with the defendant
since you moved to the house on the cor
ner of Railroad avenue and Pine street?
A.— No, sir; well, only when we were
talking about the strychnine that time.
Q.— What war. said when you were talk
ing, about that strychnine? A.— He came
up to the house and we were standing on
the porch and ho spoke something about
the people accusing him. of being the one
who had administered the strychnine, and
I says to him. "Why does this worry
you? They first accused me, and . I
know I am clear before my God, and it
don't worry me." "Well," says he, "now
I am innocent and It don't worry me
neither." He says. "What do you sup
pose would be my motive for it?" I says.
"Well, there has been two or three told
me that you was in love with me and
that you was going to get Will out of
the way." And he says to me, "Do you
think that I would do such a thing as
that?" And I says. "No. George, 1 don't
believe that you are that mean, and you
know positively that if He was to die or
if anything happened to him you could
not get me. for I would run to the ends of
the earth until I found the one that was
guilty of killing my husband and prose
cute him to the extent of the law." And
he says, "I know I am innocent."
Now Just prior to his going East,
did you have any conversation with him
with relation to your marrying him?
A.— Yes, sir; the night before he started
he asked me the same question. Bays
he: "It things were in such a condition
that you and I could get married, would
you- have me?" I told -him: "George,
don't talk that way to me about that. I
won't answer you any such questions
you know it is wrong." And he kept on
begging and pleading, and he said: "Just
answer me this time." and I said "Yes "
and I told him afterward . that lie had
wrung the answer out of me.
Q. — How long was he gone East? -A.—
Just one month, I- believe. ' ••■ <■ '
Now, since his return from the
East, have you had any further conver
sations in that particular? A. — Yes, sir.
He asked me if 1 would still have him if
things were so. we " could. marry, . and
I said "no." I said it was wrong to talk
that way and to have any such a thing
on my mind, and I wanted it entirely I
gone, and I said: "You have ao.ed so '
Deu with me, George, that I have not !
any love for you any more."
Q At any time since he returned from
the East baa he made any improper ad- ,
vances toward you? A.— To the best of
my knowledge. I think the last time was
after he came from the East.
Cross-examination. Henry Hogan (at- '<
toroey tor defendant)— Mrs. Clark, wh.-n
the conversation occurred last, the last
one that you have testified to, where you
Bald to this defendant, "You have acted
■O mean that I have no love for you any
more," about what time was that in ref- :
< erence to the time' of your finding your
husband dead in his house, about what ,
, day — how long previous to that time?
A.— Oh, I can't tell you; I know it was
just before he started East.
Q. — Was there any conversation ever
occurred between you and this defendant
after that time in reference to your love
for him or his love for you? A.— Well.
I .lout just remember; the one that I
told you about when we were talking
there on the porch.
Q. — And that conversation was after the.
conversation that occurred the night be- !
I fore h»- went East. You say you have j
; had conversations with him since he re- j
turned from the East? A.— Yes, sir; the i
one I just now told you about, when I i
told him "No."
Q.— Did he evor nt any time Pay he was
going to kill your husband to marry you?
A No, sir.
! 'id h" ever at any time say or in
1 timate to you that he intended either to !
poison him <t shoot him for the purpose
of marrying you? A.— Nothing, but once !
when we were back East he said some- ,
thing to me about marrying him; I don't
know whether It was when we were East,
or after we came out from the East, but
it has been a long time ago.
Q.— That was in the East" A.— l won't '
pay whether it was In the East or after
ire came out here. It has been a long j
time ago, and he said that "I was going
to get him out of the way."
Q— After that he became the father of i
some of your children, did he not? A.— i
; Yes. sir.
Here followed a recital of common
places, the woman's history, the time I
she taikfrht school *n Illinois, the ewnt
of her marriage, the old days on th-- '
Wayne County farm, the birth of her
various children, the occasional meet- '
Ings with the defendant. Interest was
revived by ;i new line of interroga
tories.
Q.— When was the first time. If you re
member, that there was established in
your heart any love for George Clark?
I A.— l cant tt 11 you that; I always loved '
him as a boy. a? a scholar and as a
brother from the time I knew him.
Q- — You loved him first when you saw
him as your pupil? A. — Yes, sir.
Q-— lf you ioved him why did you marry
hi.s brother? A.— l did not love him to I
marry him: I just loved him as a scholar; I
I had no thoughts of any such thing as '■
marrying him.
Q.— Did you love him aftorwnrd nny
different from that for a scholar? A.— l
did.
Q.— Wh<T.> was the first time that the
relationship that you say existed between
you and George Clark, where was that
consummated, In the East or here. A.— |
East.
A.— Was your husband aware of the
relationship that existed between your
self and his brother? A.— l don't know.
Q.— Previous to your husband's leaving
for California had the relationship that
you said existed between yourself and
Qeorge Clark existed? A.— Oh, nearly two
years.
Q. — When he came here he left you and
George Clark and the children there and
at that time was he aware of the fact?
A.— l don't know; he never said anything
to me.
Q. — Did he ever complain about any af
fection that yuu bestowed upon George? j
A. — Not to my recollection.
Q.— Did he act as though he knew that i
there was ever anything going on? A. —
No. sir; if be thought anything he kept*lt
to hims.if; i used to think that he kind of
watched us. but he never said anything.
<J. — I.>iil this improper relation exist
while yon were llvlne in Pope Valley, af
t-i you had come from the East? A.— l
don't know.
Q.— Did he ever speak of it to you? A.—
He never said anything, only after the
child was botlL
Q.— Did you tell George anything about
that? A. -I don't remember if I did; all
that my husband said, he said something !
to me about people that talked or said
something. "Well, if I don't care," he
says. "I think they had better keep their
mouths shut." That is all that was said
between him and me on the subject at
that time.
Q.— That is, your husband told you If
he didn't care he didn't think It was any
body else's business? A.— Yes. sir.
Q- — Well, did not he know of your con«
dition when you arrived here? A.— Could
not help It.
Q — He didn't ask any questions relative
to it? A.— No. sir.
Q.— Did you say anything to George
Clark relative to the fact of your hus
band knowing of your condition at that
time? A— l don't remember if I did.
Q.— Georgo (lark still continued to re
side with the family. A.— Yes, sir; he did.
Q.— Did the children know of your con
dition when you returned from the East—
the older ones? A. — Yes. sir.
Q— When did those able to understand
become aware of the dual life you were I
leading? A.— Not until late years, to my
knowledge.
Q.— During all the time you lived in
Pope Valley and until you came to St.
Helena, and after the birth of this child,
did your husband not object or upbraid
you or George In your presence as to the
manner of life that you were living? A.—
No, sir.
Q~ ln st - Helena, after you came here,
did the same relations exist between you
UM George Clark as existed In Pope
N alky? A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— How long did It continue? A.— You
mean with my consent or without it'
Q.— Well, that's a question I can't an
swer; I mean— yes. how long with your
consent? A.— Possibly two or three years.
Q— > %nat broke off that relationship?
A.— \N c all made a profession of Chris
tianity.
Q.— Who all made profession of Chris
tianity? A.— Myself, my husband and
GeorK'-.
Q— Well, did your husband, at the time
you made the profession of Christianity,
understand the relationship that had ex
isted between you and George? A.— l
don't know; he never said anything to
me about it.
Q.— He never at any time objected to
the fact that you had borne children by
his brother and that he was suporting
them? a.— No. sir.
Q.— How is it. then, that W. A. Clark
told George C.ark to leave home over j
here on Railroad avenue and Pine street, j
A. — It was because he caused so much j
trouble in the house. He was always '
quarreling and grumbling and finding '■
fault. My husband would take It up and .
they would all have it, but It was noth
ing concerning George and I.
Q.— When was it that George left and
went to work for Dr. Osborm-; went away
from your home and your husband's:
how long ago? A.— Well, that was two
or three years ago.
Q.— Did he visit your house in the mean
time? A.— Yes. sir: he 1 would come quite
frequently to the house; when he was
working through the day. Sometime he
would come in the evening, and sometime
through the day.
Q.— Did your daughter ever say any
thing to you in reference to your rela
tionship with George Clark, and that it
ought to be broken up? A. — No, sir.
Q.— When, before the 20th day of Janu
ary, IS9S. was G* or. are Clark at your house,
to the best of your memory? A.— He was
there. I think, the day before.
Q.— The day before your husband was
found in the kitchen where you found
him? A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— Now. previous to the 20th day of
January, IS9S, had there been any con
versation between yourself and George
Clark relative to the fact that -ie wanted
to marry you? A.— Why, several days
before.
Q.— What did he say to you? A.— We
were standing on the porch and what he
said to me I have heretofore repeated.
Q. — On the morning that he was mur
dered, did you hear him build the fire?
A.— No. sir.
Q.— Did you hear him draw the water
to put in the kettle on the stove? A.—
No. sir.
Q.— Did you hear him go out of the
room at all that morning? A.— No, sir: I
did not.
Q.— What was the first thing that at
tracted your attention on that morning,
the morning that you found your husband
in the kitchen lying on the floor? A.—
Those groans.
Here was recited again the story of
the discovery of the murdered man,
there being no notable variation of the
account given on direct examination.
The witness went without emotion
over the scene. Then the lawyer shift
ed the line of questions to a new chan
nel.
Q. — Where did your husband usually
eat his noonday meals? A.— Well, that is
hard for me to tell; he took his lunch
along with him and ate out on the rail
road somewhere.
Q.— Who prepared his lunch? A.— He did
himself; I would cook it through the day
and then he would put it up himself.
Q.— What would he take for his lunch?
A.— Fruit, bread ami butter, potatoes, cof
fee; such things as that.
Q. — When was his lunch usually pre
pared? A.— l think that he put it up in
the morning; he did for a while put it up
at night; come to the tabU- and take
things off; but after a while he got into
the habit of putting it up in the morning.
Q. — Didn't you ever have anything to
do with either his lunch can or his lunch
at all? A*— No, sir; I never have sin.<
we have been living over there where we
were at the time he was killed.
§.. — Did he ever ask you to? A.— No, sir.
. — Well, wouldn't it be natural for his
wife to prepare his lunch for him some
times? A.— He said he always knew just
what he wanted: but sometimes my
daughters used to get up and make bis
cuits for him, but he would always pre
pare his own lunch.
Q. — Did you ever see George Clark pre
pare his lunch for him? A.— No. sir.
Q. — How would he carry his coffee? A. —
He had a rubber bottle that he carried it
in first.
Q.— Did you hear a shot there that
morning? A.— T did not.
Q. — Are you as positive of the fact that
you did not hear a shot fired that morn
ing as you are of the testimony that you
have piven here? A. — I am most as posi
tive. I didn't hear no shot; If I did I
wasn't awake enough to realize that it
was a shot.
Q. — Had you over seen the pistol before
some one handed it to you there at the
house after the City Marshal came and
picked it up? A.— No, sir; not that 1
know of.
Q. — You have expressed considerable
feeling of hostility ueralrist this defend
ant here, have you not? A.— l have.
Q. — Have you a feeling against him?
A.— l don't know that I have anything
particular: of course I think he has done
a terrible wicked act to do such a thing.
Q.— You have a feeling against htm
now in your testimony, have you not?
A. —l think anybody that would do such
a thing as that ought to be convicted.
Q.— l asked yuu whether you have ex
pressed a foe-ling against him? A.— Why.
of course, if he is the guilty party that
committed the deed he ought to be con
victed.
Q.— How much do you weigh? A.— 2o<l
pounds.
Q. — Mrs. Clark, in any of the conversa
tions that occurred between yourself and
any of these officers has there been any
inducement held out to you by any one
In reference to your own position in this
case as far as "your testimony was con
cerned? A.— No. sir: there has been no
inducement. Only they all told me to tell
the truth about everything, to come
straight out and tell the truth, and that
is what I have done.
The prisoner, Clark, arrived here at
6:45 this evening, after a wholly un
eventful trip, and was glad to be safe
in jail. He expressed no fear of vio
lence.
DEMOCRATIC SIMPLICITY
OF DOLE'S SQJOURN.
Taking Things Quietly at Washington, but
Finds Time to Talk About Affairs
in Hawaii.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.-The demo
cratic simplicity of President Dole's entry
into Washington has continued in his
quiet life at his hotel and In the simple
but hearty good will In which invitations
of various sorts have been tendered him
and have been accepted. After spending
all day in his room attending to corre
spondence, he went out for the first time
to visit the theater at night. The entire
party occupied boxes at the Lafayette
Square Theater to witness Hoyt's "A
Stranger in New York." To-morrow
Colonel Sumner. commander at Fort
Meyer, has arranged a special Cossack
drill in the riding hall. For Saturday
evening he has accepted an invitation to
the annual dinner of the Gridiron Club.
The two most important visitors of the
day at the President's apartments were
Representative Hitt and Senator Cush
man K. Davis, chairmen respectively of
the House and Senate foreign relations
committees. At their request President
Dole talked freely of matters In Hawaii
and the political conditions of the island.
SAN JOSE CHILD`S AWFUL DEATH.
Succumbs to Injuries From Upsetting of
Boiling Grease.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 27.— Mary Vogel. a
two-year-old daughter of Jacob Vogel.
who conducts a bakery on South First
street, died last night after teirible suf
fering from injuries received from burn
ing grease. The child while playing
around yesterday morning upset a pot of
boiling grease, the contents of which was
spilt on its body. The neck and body
were horribly burned. Medical aid was
unable to do much, and death resulted
late last night.
Successful Masquerade of Foresters.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27.— The Foresters
of America's annual masquerade took
place to-night and was a great success
in every particular.
NEW TO-DAY.
. FA lL c^
ig \ %
DR. SWEANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
Indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or if you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back. Vari-
cocele, Rupture, exhaustive drains, etc.,
you should waste no time, but consult this
Great Specialist; he speedily and perma-
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. He
can cure you. Valuable' Book sent Free.
Address . . - _
F. j_, m S-WEJAIsrY, 2£.D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
WE WILL BE
TAKEN TO DAY
Teller's Bond Resolution
and the Pending
Amendments.
All Senators Given an Oppor
tunity to Present Their
Views
Speeches for the Most Part Are Studied
Efforts, but Some Spicy Inci
dents Occur.
Special Dispatch to The pall.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 27.
To-morrow at 6 p. m. the Senate will
vote upon the Teller resolution and the
pending amendments thereto. "When
the Senate to-day took up the resolu
tion, the agreement made last week
that the final vote upon it should be
taken before adjournment to-day was
changed, in order that all Senators
might have an oportunity to speak. To
morrow's session will begin at 10 a. m.,
and after 2 p. m. the speeches will be
confined to fifteen minutes each. To
day's session continued for more than
six hours, the resolution being under
discussion throughout practically the
entire session. While the speeches for
the most part were studied efforts, the
session was replete with lively incidents
and spicy colloquies.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The House
to-day finally succeeded in passing the
Indian appropriation bill, and the po
litical debate which has been raging
since Monday was transferred to the
District of Columbia bill, which fol
lowed it. The only two important
changes made in the Indian bill as
passed were the elimination of the pro
visions for the leasing of the gilsonite
mines and lands of the Kiowa, Co
manche. Apache anfi Wichita reserva
tions, both of which went out on points
of order. The features of the debate
to-day were the speeches of Hartman
(Sil. R.) of Montana in denunciation of
the financial policy of the administra
tion, and of Dolliver (~R.) of lowa, in
reply to the general attacks of the op
position. _____^^____
WILL ENLARGE THE
WATER TOWN ARSENAL.
BOSTON. Jan. 27.— Extensive improve
ments at the "United States arsenal at
"Watertown are being- considered by the
government. This arsenal is the largest
pun carriage plant in the world, and is
worked to it 3 fullest capacity. The im
provements contemplate the expenditure
of more than $165,000. It is the opinion ot
army officials that the establishment
should be made double the present size,
and that there should be as much shop
room and as many tools in reserve, so in
case of an emergency double the quantity
of work c>uld be completed. It is pro
posed to erect a new magazine for stor
age purposes near the east end of the
grounds at an expense of $15,000, a new
set of quarters for the sergeants, to cost
WOO, to remodel the present officers'
quarters into a hospital building ami to
construct three sets of officers' quarters
at an expense of $52,000.
The business for the arsenal, says Gen
eral Flaglor, cannot be carried on in the
present offices. More room is imperatively
demanded.
The Big Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The gold re
serve to-day reached $163,670,000, the high
est point in about seven years. The ac
cumulation is becoming something of a
burden and the Government is no longer
encouraging its deposit.
Stanford Students Bend the Knee.
PALO AI-TO, Jan. 27.— This is a day of
prayer, which is observed by colleges
throughout the country. Exercises were
held here at which Dr. Jordan and Pro
fessors Miller, Wood and Johnson gave
short talks.
HE MADE MONEY
. . • • N •' ■' ■' .
The man from Colorado who bought 10,000 blankets in San Francisco and
sold them in the cities north of us, made a clear profit of $10,000, as the prices
still remain high there. The same chance is open to everybody San Fran-
cisco is the corner-stone of the world for heavy wool blankets and is able to
hold its place against all competition and savr> its patrons money. You can
make money, too, by watching this column of the paper from time to time.
Klondike Trade Is Only a Minor Part of Our Business.
-. • ■ - _ _ — -:v.-v ■
MISSES' FINE SHOES. .37c | MUSTARD SARDINES. ........ .5c
These are all sizes. 2, 2%, 3 and" 3%. , These are large cans, such as sell
a little out of style, but worth from at 15 cents at credit stores. If you
$125 to $2 50 of latest style toe. know them you need no introduo
Some are tipped, some plain, some I " tion. .
cloth top. Call and get a few pairs _
to-day and save_sla pair. • .
SAXONY YARN, per Skein 4C These are ' white metal, about' 11
This price only in lots of half dozen j inches, and the best 10 cent article
•or over. Nearly all common colors ' we offer in that line regular,
on hand.
HARMONICAS...... ..... ....4c ! BICYCLES, Best Grades. ......$39
W<> ought get 15c or $1 50 per j Thnco _ ... f co ™ d themselves to
dozen. This price is to clear out a J*® <h commend themselves to
large importation left from Christ- j any rlder of a Bood wheel '
mas.
PINS, Adamantine Paper. . . . . . .lc PRUNES or PLUMS . . .". . . . . . .3 C
Only 2000 or 3000 papers of these to Take your choice of the tart or
■ close to anybody who calls for sweet ones. •' They are both very
them. . good.
SCOTCH PLAID .......... 5c ! BEANS— lbs~ . . .f.:. ; . . . 25c
We have sold so much of this fine These are small whites- are a bar
goods that we scarcely need de- gain for any one, and will soon go
scnbe lt - . when Alaska trade opens. -, &
Klondike goods of all kinds cheaper and better than anywhere
Try our foods at the free counter on the first floor. - -
Our dining-room on sixth floor is open for guests all day, ;
Goods delivered free in town or across the bay. ■ <
Girls and boys can earn premiums sending in orders ~'- s
Ask for price lists of family supplies or Klondike goods. -
CASH STORE, '
mb )&WKI 25-27 Market St., San Francisco.
*^^gL^- • -^JtfE&Ut ' TELEPHONE, MAIN 1340. .. --J-/ 1 *; '
- V^^^^JM^t^t^S^^ 1^ The only. Oroeeri who , made an exhibition, of Par, Pood» . .
N^^K^SSk^jgjy^/ »t the Mechanics' Fair »nd received a DIPLOMA isd
CERTUICATB 01" PURITY IN EVERY ARTICLE.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS. ~V
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
THE WASTE KILLS.
I^^^^^""JTHE WASTE KILLS.
Stopped I THE WASTE KILLS.
in* Week I THE WASTE KILLS.
' I * THE WASTE KILLS.
mmm "™" THE WASTE KILLS.
A WASTING AWAT OF THE TISSUES OP"
the body is shown in the decline of power
and in the premature conditions existing. No
man can hope to be a strong, vigorous fellow
whose nights are sleepless, whose days are
melancholy. No man can hope to get back hia
vim and vigor if he continues in sorrow and
despair to waste and waste away. Yes, you
must stop the waste, you must stop the loss.
Losses, drains, weakness, blues lead to greater
evils. Evil dreams, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions carry the victim to the goal of vice.
What Cures?
It is now known that you are the victim of
your own folly or your own early Indiscre-
tions. Now you wish for a sure and lasting
cure.
Listen:
1000 men in the State of California suffered
from these disorders. 1000 men used Hudyan.
1000 men say Hudyan cures. 1000 men are now
leading the good lives they desired. Is it not.
then, true to say Hudyan cures? It does cure.
Hudyan cures diseases and disabilities- of men.
Hudyan cures spermatorrhoea, failing, declin-
ing manhood. Hudyan cures weak back. Cures
all losses, all enfeeblements. Writer or
oooooooooooooooaoooooo
» . a
g NEW CIRCULARS §
p «
Or call and see the Hudson Doctors.
30-Day Cure Cures all forms of blood
du-uay t»ure poiBont blood disorders,
30-Day Cure "whether in the first, sec-
OU-liay VUre ondary or tertiary state.
30-Day Cure S*£ for 30 ' day - cir
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
-*- DYEA~
F*OR -MIND-
T-SKAGUAY.
The Elegant Fast Steamer
HUMBOLDT
WILL BE DISPATCHED
FEBRUARY Ist .;...
For passage and freight apply quickly to
J. J\. MACEE JR.,
310 CLAY STREET.
"D UTTCXIT7C! FOR BARBERS. BAK-
D J\IJ OXliZikJ ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour-mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 6o9 Sacramen toS
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.
"■'■ ■ ■ . ■WRECK OF
THE CITY
OF DULUTH
Big Grain Steamer
Disabled in Heavy
Storm.
Strikes on a Sand Bar
While Entering a
Harbor.
Passengers and Crew Sent
Ashore One at a Time on
a Life Line.
SOME ARE BADLY FROZEN.
"Valuable C«rgo Lost and the Big
Vessel Is Rapidly Going to
Pieces.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOSEPH, Mich.. Jan. 27.— The big
grain steamer City of Duluth arrived
off this port from South Chicago last
night at 8:30 o'clock, and attempted to
enter the harbor during a tremendous
wind from the northwest and while a
very heavy sea was rolling. The steam
er kept on her course, but at the mouth
of the river struck a bar, and was
thrown heavily against the North pier,
breaking in two immediately.
The mammoth steel arches on either
side of the boat gave way, and the bow
rrf thf boat dropped two or three feet.
A large hole was stove in the side of
the steamer as she swung around, and
she went to the bottom in an hour,
leaving only her cabin and part of her
bulwarks above water.
The two big tupp, Morford and Pro
tection, which had accompanied the
boat on her trip acn?ss the lake, made
raJ desperate attempts to reach her
and pet the crev and passengers off,
but were unsuccessful. The life-saving
crew was summoned and reached the
scene of the disaster in quick time, con
sidering that they had disbanded for
th.- winter. At midnight they had shot
a mortar line to the boat and the res
cue began.
The first to be taken ashore was Au
pust Kornwein, a business man of this
city. He dipped into the water several
times during the perilous trip, and was
badly frozen when he was pulled c/ut
on the pier. The rest of the passengers
were taken ashore in this manner, one
at a time. There were seventeen pas-
Ft-'npsrs and twenty-three of the crew.
Captain McLean was the last to leave,
being taken off at 5 o'clock this morn
ing.
Th^re were several ladles on board,
find the members Of the life-saving
. rew took turns going out in the car
after them. M-s. William Tryon is
now dying from the effects of the trip.
Sh» was in a delicate condition, and
. vas badly frozen. She was seized with
* nervous prostration, and there is no
hope that she will live.
The City of Duluth had a heavy cargo
of corn and flour and a deckload of
merchandise for local merchants. There
Is no hope of saving anything of the
wreck, aa there la a very hijrh s>-a roll
ing. No boat can reach her, and she is
rapidly going to pieces.
Thp engineer pays that when the boat
struck th<- engine Jumped a foot and
was immediately torn to pieces. The
water rushed in and put out the fires,
and the firemen barely escaped up the
ladders. The floor of the cabin gave
a mighty heave upward and the pas
sengere were thrown into the wildest
confusi'in.
The City of Duluth was an old but
stan'h Bteamer. Sh" was under char
ter t< the Graham & Morton Trans
portation Company, carrying princi
pally through freight from Chicago to
this port in connection with the Biff
Four Railway. She was owned by the
Lake Michigan and Superior Company
and commanded by Captain McLean.
was about 1000 tons, and
h^-r value about 130.000. She was laden
with package freight and grain. The
Bteamer waa well insured and it is un
derstood there Is HO.OOO insurance on
her cargo. On several previous trips
php struck on the bar while entering
this harbor.
TO DISCUSS ANNEXATION
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27.— The Sacra
mento Lecture Association, comprising on
its roll of membership many of the lead
ing citizens, are making preparations for
an interesting public entertainment. They
have invited Hush < 'raig, president of the
San Francisco Chamber oil ('ommerce, to
discuss the annexation of Hawaii, he tak
ing the affirmative side, while a similar
invitation has been extended to Colonel
John P. Irish, who will take the nega-
ire. The date for the discussion has not
™ t been fixed, but elaborate atrange
itnentfl are under way. and th'-re Is no
dmibt that the debate will be listened to
by a large and intelligent audience.
Another British Gunboat for Esquimau.
SAN DIEGO! Jan. 27.— The British gun
boat Eperia arrived here unexpectedly
this afternoon from the south, en route
from England to Esquimault to join the
British squadron. She stopped last at
Mazatlan. All on board are well.
DUFFY'S PURE
c^s> \AK\ I W H 'SKEV
?r- i '"' 1L ' l| |-i'^]i., ! ;; i [. 'i hiiMJui'M!! ,. . _^S^ Jr ~-
FOR MEDICINAL'USE
NO FUSEL OIL .
An aid to WOMEN.
A help to MEN.
It counteracts the dan-
gers of the Season and
preserves the health dur-
ing the Winter.
Send for illus. pamphlet
to DUFFY MALT WHISKEY
CO., Rochester, N. Y.
CLOSE OF THE
FIELD TRIALS
Warm Weather Mars the
Final "Work of the
Dogs.
A Few Clever Performances j
and One Clear Case of
Runaway.
The Prize Winners-San Francisco
Pointer Gets Third Place Under
Protest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. This was
the warmest day since the inaugura
tion of the field trial meeting, and the
dogs that were ordered down in the
forenoon suffered in consequence. The
contests were opened on new grounds,
but they did not prove any better than
the territory traversed yesterday.
It was 9:15 a. m. when Nimrod,
handled by Allender. met the ranger
Valiente, handled by Walters. When
cast off Valiente cut out a fast pace,
covering much ground and finally dis
appearing from view of his handler.
He never returned. He was on a race I
': to no particular spot on earth and may
! be going yet. The judges gave him half
! an hour in which to return, but the ,
i dog which may prove to be a brilliant
| star on the plains of Nebraska failed !
I to put in an appearance.
The judges ordered the next brace j
down at 9:56 a. m. Luke, handled by !
Couts, and Cuba of Kenwood, handled
by Dodge, were cast oft in a sage coun- j
| try. After traveling half a mile Mr.
r.vle of Bakersfleld flushed a good- ]
sized bevy and the birds scattered on i
nice open ground. Cuba was first to J
locate and point. The bird flushed
wild. Luke roaded several yards and |
pointed. He was nicely backed. Both
steady to shot. Cuba again pointed
and the bird flushed. The quails were
lying close and acting well. The dogs
made several stops on birds that had
moved from their positions, but dis- .
covered their mistakes in good season.
jSo far as points were concerned
the dogs scored about equal. Cuba
flushed two birds, for which an
! excuse could not be offered. Neither of !
i the dogs showed good nose, running
over birds that should have been :
; pointed. Cuba was certainly the most
stylish ranger and better worker. Dogs
i ordered up at 10:55 a. m.
Dona Alicia, handled by Walters, and
■ Peach Mark, handled by Allender, were
! cast off at 11 a. m. Dona proved to be
I a very merry worker, covering ground
! fairly fast, but lacking good bird sense.
I She was first to locate a bevy in a field
j of stubby willow and light cover. The
birds were runners, and the little bitch
roaded them several yards. In the
i meantime. Peach Mark pointed, and
1 Dona, rounding to- a turn, backed beau
; tifully. Both dogs were steady to shot.
Dona again drew on point, but the bird ,
flushed. The handlers then passed from :
the field into higher ground, where
scattered birds were found. Peach
; came to a steady point. The bird was
l shot by Allender and retrieved quick
ly. The dog was steady to shot. Re
turning to the ground where the birds
were found, Dona came to a pretty
point, dropping on her stomach. She '
was nicely backed by Peach. Both
■ steady to shot. Dona, after roading
some yards, pointed falsely. Passing
over a mound. Dona roaded and point
! Ed, and Peach ran in and flushed, for
which he was chastised by his handler.
| Peach, ranging out into the field, point
led beautifully, and was handsomely
■ backed. Allender shot and killed.
; Peach retrieved quickly. Dogs ordered
] up at 12 o'clock. I • . ' ,
: After luncheon the great Dash An
! tonia, handled by Couts, and Alex C,
the young and dashing Derby winner,
handled by Lucas, were cast off at 1
p. m. Dash quartered and ranged over
considerable territory in a short space 1
ol time. His beautiful stride and hand
some appearance when in motion were
much admired, but Dash paid not the
least attention to his handler, and
i whistle as the latter may. Dash kept
on going until he ranged out of sight.
As he did not return in good season
Nimrod was ordered down with Alex
<". at 2 p. m. After forty minutes of
hunting, birds were found on high
! ground, where the sagebrush was low
and thick.
Both dogs showed poor nose, but con
, sidering the heat of the day and the
exceedingly dry nature of the soil., some
excuse was due to them for their poor
behavior. Passing into lower land.
j where Luke scored several easy points
i on the previous morning, Nimrod came
; to a stanch point on a bevy and was
stylishly backed. The birds were run
ning and Rod broke and roaded slowly.
The pointer rushed, passed him and
i came to a grand stand, Nimrod back
1 , ing in good style. Both dogs now
started to road, and finally they pointed i
i side by side on birds that were hiding
'. in a dry ditch. It was a very pretty
. picture as setter and pointer stood al
most touching each other.
1 The dogs were -next ordered by their
' ! handlers Into a field covered with low
j sagebrush. After working it carefully
for considerable time they were or
dered up at 3:35 o'clock. Alex C was
• I down two hours and 35 minutes. He
' ' had the hardest work of any dog in
I the trial and was invariably cast off in
' the heat of the day, but his beautiful
■ style in the field combined with his fast
. j ranging ability and good bird sense re
! turned him numerous admirers. In fact,
he was selected by many who had no
interest in the dogs for competing for
first or second money. . •*■:-/
Cuba of Kenwood and Peach Mark
were the next and the last brace cast
I off. They located birds after a long
[ run, and although they had the cover
| of evening their work was of the most
ordinary kind. They were on birds riot
more than ten minues when the Judges
ordered them up. resulting in the finish
of the trials of 1898.
On returning to Bakersfleld the
judges consulted and decided on giving
Peach Mark, now the property of Em
met Sullivan, first prize: Cuba of Ken
wood, the property of Mr. Tevis of Ba- '
kersfield, second prize, and Luke, the
property of C. Young of San Francisco,
third prize. Three out of every five
people who witnessed the trials said
that Luke should not be placed ahead
of Alex C.__ - -
LAUNCHING AT EUREKA.
New Steam-Schooner For Coast Lumber and
Alaska Trade.
EUREKA. Cal., Jan. 27.— The now steam
schooner Fulton was launched from Ben- '
(lixaon'B shipyard this afternoon. Gray &
Mitchell of San Francisco are the man
aging owners. While she is intended for
the coast lumber trade, she will be put
in the Alaska trade immediately. The
Fulton will be loaded with lumber here
and towed to San Francisco, where her
machinery will be put in. The dimensions
are: Length. 152.7 feet; breadth. 33.15 feet;
depth, 11.45 feet; gross tonnage. 3HV4U.
Captain Victor Johnson of the steamer
Hueneme Is superintending her fitting up. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
LOS ANGELES'
DELIVERANCE
IS IN SIGHT
People Will Win the
Great Water
Fight.
Under the Pressure the
City Council Is Begin
ning to Weaken.
Passes a Resolution to Investi
gate the Mountain Water
Source.
MONOPOLY TO BE BROKEN
If the Company Refuses to Arbitrate
Then a New System Will
B» Constructed.
Special DUpatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— Seldom has
a sharp and vigorous newspaper fight,
such as The Call has waged in behalf
of the people of Los Angeles against
the water company and its hydra
headed syndicated press, been product
ive of such great results. Less than
two weeks ago the people of this city
lay helpless in the grasp of the mo
nopoly. There were gloom and discour
agement in the ranks of the fighters
for the people's rights, while the syn
dicated press carried out the orders of
its masters and pursued a policy of si
lence.
To-day there is hope in every heart,
and as a result of the fight waged by
The Call there is a bright prospect
ahead of deliverance from the clutch
of the corporation. So great has been
the pressure that there are visible signs
of weakening in the City Council, and
in at least one of the combined news
papers. The first victory was the pass
age of the resolution providing for a
committee to investigate and report on
a mountain source of water supply.
It now looks as if a greater victory
will be achieved at next Monday's
meeting of the City Council. On that
day a resolution will be introduced giv
ing due and legal notice to the water
company of the city's desire to arbi
trate the price of the plant in accord
ance with the contract. The city will
appoint the arbitrator and call upon
the water company to do likewise.
There are indications to-day that Ash
man and Mathus will certainly sup
port such a resolution, while the friends
of Blanchard of the Ninth Ward say he
can be depended on to fall in on the
side of the people.
These three votes with Grlder and
Hutchison, the original fighters against
the water company, will pass the reso
lution. If the company follows its
usual course and pays no attention to
the offer of ihe city to arbitrate then
an election will be at once called to
vote bonds for the construction of an
entirely new system, independent of the
old plant, and the contract with th*»
company will be declared void. This
will bring the water question to a
head right speedily, and will place the
final settlement of it in the hands of
the people.
The mass meeting called for Satur
day night at Music Hal! bids fair to be
a rousing one. The people are eager to
gain full information about the water
question, and are seeking all sources
of knowledge. It is intended at the
meeting of Saturday night to perfect
an organization to battle on the side
of the people. It will be in th*^ form
of a committee composed of representa
tive men who will organize th.- people
by wards into committees of public
safety. Heretofore all the organiza
tion, all the money, and all the di
plomacy have been on the side of the
water company. The people now in
tend to do a little organizing on their
own account. The best of speakers will
be in attendance at the meeting Sat
urday night, and many of the repre
sentative men of the trrwn will act as
vice-presidents and occupy seats on the
statre.
The most notable effect of this fight
is the total lack of confidence expressed
by the people in the three syndicated
dailies. They are wild with rage and
frothing at the mouth at having been
detected in their dastardly attempt to
betray the people.
A vote of the town shows thqt 90
per cent of the people sustain th May
or's position and favor municip i own
ership of the water plant, while only 10
per cent uphold the policy of delay
which has ruled a majority of the City
Council.
TO SOON SPAN
THE CONTINENT
Vanderbilt Lines Preparing to
Reach All the Way to
San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2S.— According to the
Press this morning Vanderbilt lines are to
span the continent, and San Francisco Is
to be brought a day nearer to New York.
The paper pays: "William K. Vanderbilt
is at the head of a syndicate which has
for its purpose the ownership and opera
tion of a railroad from the Atlantic to the
Pacific Ocean. It will be a transconti
nental system. What, are known as Van
oVrbilt lines will become one great proper
ty ami "no railroad after another will be
absorbed by the Now York Central Rail
road. It may be said authoritatively that
the New Ynrk Central officials havn been
talking with bankers as to the advisabil
ity of an issu<- of $100,.000.000 4 per cent de
bentures. V.'hen certain negotiations have
been concluded the reorganized New York
Central will absorb the lines from Chica
jjh to the P;u-ln> Coast which are now
either controlled by the Vanderbllts or
(\*c- by 'friendly' interests. Th«^pe rail
roads include the Chicago and North
western; Chicago. St. Paul. Minneapolis
and Omaha: T'nlon Pacific, and through
thai railroad the Oregon Short Line and
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com-
pany.
"Then. too. there is the Northern Pa
cific, which is controlled by voting trus
te.s. of -.vhom J. Plerpont Morgan Is
chief. The holders of stock of that road
hoM large blocks of Gr<-at Northern, of
which J. J. Hill is president. These rail
roads, therefore, when bound together.
would control all the transcontinental
traffic In the northern half of the coun
try. Yesterday It became known that the
time for a trip across the country would
be reduced twenty-four hours. The
change In running time will be made in
the early part of February. Already
there have been changes In freight traffic
that have attracted attention <\t compet
ing lines, but freight agents have been at
a loss to explain the situation, as new
schedules have been arranged so quietly."
FROST IN THE
CITRUS BELT
Coldest Snap in South
ern California for
Years.
i — __— —
Considerable Damage Is Done
to Orange and Lemon
Crops.
Gentle Rain Now Falling in Some
Sections, With Indications of
Its Contin nance.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 27.— The past
two nights have been the coldest ex
perienced in Southern California for
years. In pome localities the mercury
; dropped to 25 degrees, and in low places
!it even went to 20 degrees. There is
no doubt but furious injury was done
to citrus fruits, and in some Instances
young trees were killed to the ground.
This latter is especially true of young ,
lemon trees. The freeze did not re- !
suit in great loss, as oranges in low
pbtoea had been pretty generally pick
ed and shipped. On high foot-hill
ground the oranges were not injured. •
and a large proportion of the groves ;
here are planted on high ground. A
gentle rain is now falling with indica
tions that it will continue for some j
I days.
RIVERSIDE. Jan. 27. — The past week
| has been a cold one in this part of the
i State, and the visit of frost has done
some damage to citrus fruits in the ;
j more exposed portions of this valley.
j Just what this damage amounts to it
: would be hard to estimate, but a care- J
; ful canvass among the fruit growers
: and shippers would indicate that the
i loss was probably not more than 5 per ;
cent of the crop. Riverside was par
ticularly favored in this last cold spell
i by the prevalent south winds, which
prevented the thermometer from fall
ing much lower than it did. Tuesday
night was the coldest for the week, and
then the glass ranged from 30 degrees
; in favored places down as low as 24 in
exposed points.
One thing that beyond doubt saved
I the fruit was a change in the wind
i about 2 n. m.. which brought up a
! heavy lot of clouds. Since Tuesday
■ night the mid has moderated and all
danger of further trouble seems past.
The past two months have been cold
all over this part of the State, fruit has
' been damaged everywhere and River-
Bide has n<a escaped. Good judges of
the conditions of things estimate the
total damage to the orange crop here
at from S to IT, per cent, most of which
occurred in the lowlands.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 27.— The
thermometer reached the lowest point
for the season last night throughout
the valley, and. if all reports that
reached the city to-day are true, the
frost was heavier than it was two
years ago. E. J. Underwood, who rep
resents the Haight Fruit Company at
Riverside, is responsible for the state
ment that not an orchard in that col
i ony escaped. The mercury registered
23 degrees in the orchards while the
smudging was going on.
Special reports ma<le to the Horti
cultural Commission state that the
more elevated groves at Highlands
were only slightly injured, while the
fruit and the trees on the lower slopes
of the town were damped 80 p>t cent.
Special reports from Rialto place the
damage to the navel oranges in that
, vicinity at 5 per cent, while the other
varieties suffered more.
Prior to last night the fruit at Colton
was not thought to be damaged more
than 2 per cent, but a considerable
quantity was injured last night. It is
feared that many of the small trees
are extensively damaged, but the
larger trees have in most instances es
caped. The most conservative men do
not estimate the loss of the orange and
lemon crop above 25 per cent, but state
ments have been freely made on the
streets that half the crop is frozen,
lIKDLANDH, Jan. L'T.— That the
oranges In Redlands suffered from the
drop in the temperature of this morn
ing there can be no doubt, but to what
extent it is hard to say. The early part
of the night and up to 3 o'clock the
thermometer did not register lower
than about 32 to 24, but from 3 until
about 7 the temperature ranged some
what lower, readings ranging from 24
to 26 and 28. according to locality and
exposure. It is almost safe to say that
the average temperature in Redlands
was about 28 degrees.
As to the amount of fruit injured it
is difficult to say. It is not thought
that navels and seedlings are hurt to
exceed 10 per cent, while the swots
and St. Michael's are damaged not to
exceed 15 per cent. Smudging was done
by some, and it is claimed by thos.>
who smudged that it caused the ther
mometer to raise from 2 to 4 degrees.
Packers are not shipping beyond the
average for this time of the year, and
the growers seem to be confident that
a minimum amount of damage was
done.
At the present writing it is trying
hard to rain, and the Indications are
that by morning a long-sought rain
j will be on hand.
SACRAMENTO'S BENCH SHOW.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27— The Bench
Show of the California Poultry Associa
tion is in full hlast and boasts of this
annual meeting being by far the best one
ever held in all respects. There are mas
tiffs. St. Bernards. Groat Danes» blood
hounds, foxhounds, greyhounds, pointers,
Newfoundlands, setters, spaniels, collies,
beagles, bulldops, terriers, poodles, and
almost every other kind.
Among those on exhibition are many
which are several-time prize-winners.
There are R. Burrs male mastiff Duke,
■which won first prize ut the Sacramento
Bench Show last rear; H. M. MoCrack
cn's St. Bernard bitch, which won first
prize at Stockton last year; W. H. Col
lins" St. Bernard bitch. I,ady Butte a
three-time prize-winner; G. \V. Whit
more's St. Bernard bitch, Montana Queen,
which won first prize In Sati Francisco In
":<7; K. P. Schells St. Bernard bitch
Bainona W. /... which holds the St. Ber
nard Club gold medal: R. K. Savage's St.
Bernard dog Roxic. a five-time lirst-prize
winner; Mazzini Bros." St. Bernard bitch
Vienna, winner of Oral prize at Stockton
In 18!K and at Sacramento in IS!>7.
Other prize-winners on exhibition are-
P. W. Sheehan & Sons' pointer bitch. Bra
S. ; F. B. Adams" male pointer. Doctor;
Kimball & Upaon'fl pointer dog. Jack'
Phil Wand's English setter bitch. Flora
W.; Miss Kthel G. Craegh's Irish setter
bitch, Queen of Kildare; O. J. Albe's < !-
lie, Alto Clifton: E. C. Plumes cocker
spaniel bitch. Portia Pastime: H. A. Wi
ener's black cocker spaniel bitch, Polly
Pastime; William B. Godfrey's fox-terrier
bitch, Golden Dirk: Royal Kennels fox
terrier dog. Warren Crack: J. B. Martin's
fox-terrier dog. Golden Flash Second- Mrs
E. M. Simpson's fox-terrier bitch. Golden
EUstleaa; H. A. Wegen. -r's Japanese span
iel bitch. Yum Ytim: F. C. Glfford's field
spaniel dog. Rex Gifford.
Tho attendance was good to-day and
from now on until the close will, no
doubt, increase dally.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund th» money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuin" has L. H. Q. on each tablet.
TO BE LIBERAL
TO CANADIANS
Regulations to Govern
Transportation Through.
American Territory.
Goods for the Klondike Will Be
Sent With All Possible
Dispatch.
The Collector at Dyea Is to Be Given
Discretion in the Matter of
Bonds.
Bpecia! Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Tliggs House,
Washington, Jan. 27.
The Treasury Department will soon
Issue the regulations governing the
transportation of Canadian goods for
the Klondike through American ter
ritory. These regulations will be as
liberal to Canadians as the regulations
of Canada are to the men of this coun
try who pass through Canadian terri
tory.
The regulations will prescribe two
ways of taking goods In bond through
American territory. One will be the
payment of duties on the goods at the
port of entrance, either Dyea or Ska
guay. Upon the payment of the du
ties a certificate will be given. If the
goods pass inspection at the place of
exit, near Lake L,inderman, the cer
tificate can be returned to the port- of
entrance and the money will be re
funded. Another way will be the fur
nishing of a bond. The goods will then
be accompanied by a manifest. If they
are untouched when examined at the
place of entrance into Canadian terri
tory, the bond will be canceled. It is
said that several surety companies are
now forming, at convenient places.
The treasury officials have not been
officially informed that there is extens
ive or formidable protest from Cana
dians over the present arrangements
for the transportation of goods. The
Chamber of Commerce at Vancouver is
agitated upon the subject. As the mat
ter stands now, a deputy collector ac
companies the goods of Canadians
through American territory, and
charges them J6 a day for his services.
Canadians object to this as exorbitant,
and want it stopped. A cry is going
up from Vancouver to close the passes
of Canadian territory t<> Americans.
Tt is thought that tho treasury regu
lations f>n the subject of bonds for
goods going through American terri
tory will be as lenient as possible. The
collector at Dyea will he allowed to use
considerable discretion in the matter
of the kind of bonds he may take.
OVERCOME BY THE
HOSTILE CRITICISM.
Ha/fie Erminie Rives, the Young Southern
Author, Removed From the Wal
dorf to a Sanitarium.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27— Hallie Erminie
Rives, the young Southern author and
cousin of Princess Tecbetzkole, formerly
Mrs. Amelie Rives Chanler. is a patient
at a sanitarium in Brooklyn. Unnerved
by hostile criticism of her recent work,
"Smokinr Flax." and overtaxed by the
effort to pet out another volume dealing
with Southern problems, she was re
moved from the Waldorf yesterday and
was taken to a sanitarium for treatment
and rest.
NEW TO-DAY.
The drowning of a woman is a shudder-
some sight. Yet it is swift and compara-
tively painless, and blissful, compared to the
pain and agony suffered for many years by j
many thousands of women. Most of the
suffering endured by women may be traced
to one great, aggravating set of disorders.
The woman who does not take proper care
of the organs distinctly feminine is sure to ;
be sickly, nervous, fretful, and racked with !
pain. She is unfitted for wifehood and
motherhood. Every woman owes it to her-
self to be strong and healthy in a womanly
way. She may insure this if she will use
the proper remedy.
»The greatest of all medicines for weak
and suffering women is Dr. Pierces Favor- !
ite Prescription. It acts directly upon the
delicate organs that make wifehood and
motherhood possible. It makes them
healthy and vigorous. It cures all weak-
MM and disease. It allays inflammation, •
soothes pain and stops weakening drains.
The nerves become steady, and calm, and
health resumes its natural sway throughout
the system. It prepares for wifehood and
motherhood. Over 90,000 women have tes-
tified to its marvelous virtues and all good
druggists sell it.
Ignorance of her own phvstcal nature is re-
sponsible for a great deal of the pain and suf-
fering that woman undergoes. Dr. Pierce*
Common Sense Medical Adviser is the best ,
medical book for the home. It is now on ,
the bookshelves of over a million American i
households. Several chapters of the book are
devoted to the diseases and weaknesses of the
organs distinctly feminine. Every woman should j
read it. It contains over 1,000 paces. Any one I
may obtain a paper ■ covered copy, absolutely |
free, by sending 21 one-cent stamps to cover the
cost of mailing only, to World's Dispensary Jled-
ical Association. Buffalo. N. Y. If a handsome,
durable cloth binding is desired, send ten cent* i
extra (thirty-one cents in all).
FREE
SATURDAY, JANUARY 29,
With Every 25c Purchase—
A 25c Guaranteed Toothbrush,
A 25c Package Pure Sachet,
A 50c Handsome Calendar,
Or a 35c Children's Picture and
Story Book,
AT.
Waller Bros.,
Leading Cut Rate Druggists,
33 GRANT AYE., COR. GEARY.
NEW TO-DAY.
|ifi Two
*?*!:■• \7 Jubilees!
&
Kv^iO! j^m^gniJj^BL One occurring to-day on our
I " "l 1^ fiß^'ilwk second floor. Juvenile Depart-
\. f Ujhi 1 T- :*^ i- V* merit, the other occurring to-
JTi^^* • iM^'^fM^ morrow at the park.
fjmt/i/r if ***§!
JLifflCf/ If w For our Juvenile patrons we
hf)XPS 1 I have prepared a big lot of those
..t "" ft f Brownie Lunch Boxes. We
H/tfi €Vf/*) [/M/ M £) propose to give 'cm to all our
pi// f c/tdS?ftrk^ little folks Friday and Satur-
Juve/r/U/kptU ■ clai J'
© Some 300 dozen Heavy Derby Ribbed Fast ©
® Black Hose for Boys, all sizes, in our Juvenile ®
g Furnishing section, second floor, at $
I 10 Cts pep pair - I
' nhi pp Special 1
<aJI iillJ/ nils' & <s>^[_'v-^-.l Cll 4
ft / A '
/ / '* * /if
Most boys wear out tico pairs of pants to a
jacket. Now we have taken a big lot of our
prettiest and dressiest ofb'ue Suits in the
■ reefer fashion, with deep sailor collar, collar
handsomely braided, suits that we sell regu-
larly at $$ 50, which means that other stores
get f/f.50 for 'em These are for lads between
the ages of S and 10 years. We nave added ',
to these an extra pair of trousers with little
buckle at the knee. These trousers sell singly
at 75c.
We say for the suit and extra trousers,
but on Friday and Saturday — this also
include* a Brownie Lunch Box — at
cp^2 .OU
For Suit and Extra Trousers.
3 11-1315 KEARNY ST.
THE FBISCO BOYS.
" For a long time," said the farmer's -wife. " I suffered from gastric troubles
and dyspepsia. After all my meals I experienced a disagreeable, heavy sort of
feeling and cftenti-nes in the morning civ tongue would be coated ; in fact, this
would be the case for whole days at a time. I had recourse to the whole cate-
gory of correctives, aperients, laxatives, etc., but the relief I found was only
temporary. Indeed, in most cases, after I had taken them for any length of
time, the early efficacy seemed entirely vitiated. I had so often seen in the ad-
vertisements of
Ripans Tabules
the statement, one gives relief, that at last it so impressed itself upon me that I
decided to give 'hem a triaL A trial was entirely convincing and in a short time
I was well. While I have now no regular use for them I always keep them on ««.
liand, to be used in case of emergency."
DR.MCNULTY,
[jrius well-know;; AND RKtiABLX OJ.f.
A S|w>»-iJillst ,Nervous,i::oi»'.u:id
Diseases ot Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years'experieiice. Sendfor Boot.free. . Patients
ranrdat Home, Terms reasonable. Hours, oto 3
dally :6:3o toB.3o cv'cs. Kut.fliiys. 10 to 12. Consul
uoniree and coii/ldentia'. fail oruddresa
P. l!OS((»i: MfSBIiTT, M. D.,
2f> Kearny Street. San FranciKu. CaL
Jubilee Festival!
For the bigger boys we hay&
taken sonn 300 of our pretty
Blue Cheviot Sitits, dressy fab-
ric, i n fact the saw, fabric as
the Reefer Suit which we men-
tion opposite. But they're for
boys between th? ages of 7 and
15. They're a pretty lot of suits.
We have added to these an ex-
tra pair of trousers. It's one of
I our Jubilee specials. We will
offer the two, the suit and extra
; pair of trousers, to-day and
Saturday only, including a
Brownie Lunch Box, at
$2.35
Suit and Extra Trousers.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
jtfJL Museum of Anatomy
i'^vil : .lCsimZ2TST.t9t.6tt*7ti, s. r. cl
A S B The Largest of kind in the World.
iJiw&\ DR. — Private Disease^
■k • ■ Con*nU»:lon fre«. Write for Uook
{ of Marriage.
o Ij mailed race. •
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OQO MARKET ST.. . OPP. PAL, AC Q
DOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Re«ideno« MM
I Valencia street. Telephone, "Church" lib
34
PRESIDENT
McKINLEYON
PROSPERITY
Speaks at the Ban
quet of the National
Manufacturers.
Conditions Under Which
Trade and Commerce
Are Extended.
One Is the Payment or the Debts
of the Nation in Sound
Money.
PLEDGES ARE BEING KEPT
Financial Plank in the St. Louis Plat
form Declared Yet Commanding
Upon Republicans.
Special Dlspatc*! to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The third an- i
nual banquet of the National Assocla
tton of Manufacturers of the United
States, which took place to-night at
the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, was one of i
the largest and most elaborate affairs
of the kind ever given in this city. !
One thousand guests were seated at the
tables. The fact that President Mc-
Klnley would be present caused a rush
for tickets.
President McKinley was driven from
the Windsor Hotel, and was received
at the Waldorf-Astoria at 6:30 p. m.
by the committee of merchants, and at
once taken to "the royal chambers."
Half an hour later he appeared in the
reception room, where he held a levee
for mere than an hour.
The banquet hall was magnificently
decorated, the tiers of boxes being
draped with silken banners. The Pres
ident's flag was suspended over the
head of the table from the President's
box. Seven long tables extended the
length of the room, and sixteen small
tables were placed on either side of the
rows of long tables. In the Astor gal
lery annex were thirty-three other ta
bles. Tho tables were elaborately dec
orated with flowers and potted plants.
The dais where the President and oth
er guests sat was also adorned with
many flowers. From the reception
room up the broad staircase to the ban
quet room were lines of palms and
ferns.
It was after 9 o'clock when Warner
Miller rapped for order. He then an
nounced that Rev. R. S. McArthur
w.>uld invoke a blessing. Dr. McAr
thur, in his prayer, called for special
protection for the President and the
members of the Manufacturers' Asso
ciation.
Among those who occupied seats of
honor on the raised dais were: Presi
dent McKinley, M. E. Ingalls, Darwin
R. James, Rev. R. S. McArthur.Thomas
W. Cridler, Randolph Guggenheimer,
Elihu Root, John Addison Porter. At
torney-General John W. Griggs, Lieu
tenant-Governor Timothy L. Wood
ruff, Senator William P. Frye, Charles
Emory Smith, Warner Miller, Theo
dora C. Search, Henry E. Howland. ex-
Mayor William L. Strong, Clement A.
Griscom, St. Clair MeKelway and Ab
ner McKinley. Among the other
guests were: Albert Pope, Henry W.
Gajohn, General Samuel Thomas.
Lewis Nixon, E. A. McAlpin, William
C. Whitney, Collis P. Huntington and
George Gunter.
Mr. Miller then Introduced Theodore
C. Search, president of the association,
who spoke briefly.
The wildest enthusiasm prevailed !
when President McKinley was Intro- j
duced. Men stood on their seats, I
women in the boxes waved their hand
kerchiefs and the uproar drowned the
speaker's voice. The cheering and ■
clapping of hands were redoubled when
a toast was drunk to the President.
President McKinley spoke slowly and
was plainly heard in every portion of
the hall. His reference to the cold day
In Cincinnati January 22, 1895, was re
ceived with laughter, which broadened
Into a perfect roar when he spoke of
the extension of business instead of
notes. President McKinley said in
part: %
I scarcely need remind you that we do
not meet as Btrangers. Neither your
business organization nor your social re
unions are altoßether unfamiliar to me.
I have been with you before, not as guest
as now, but rather in the capacity of
host. I recall that as Governor of the
State of Ohio it was my pleasure to wel
come you to the city of Cincinnati on
January 22, IR9D. at the initial convention
of the Manufacturers' Association. I well
remember the occasion. It was a cold
day. You had lost everything bnt your
pluck, or thought you had; courage "was
the only friend your grief could call its
own. I note with satisfaction your im
proved appearance now. You are more
cheerful in countenance, more buoyant
In spirit, more hopeful In manner and
more confident in purpose. Th<*n, too,
there are more of you here than there
were at your first meeting. Distances are
of course the same, but traveling has
been resumed. Your speeches and reso
lutions at that first convention were di
rected mainly to the question of how to
regain what you had lost In the previous
years*: or, if that was found Impossible,
NEW TO-DAY. *
Whoever wants soft
hands, smooth hands, white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
both: that is, if the skin is
naturally transparent; un-
less occupation prevents.
3The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
•of habit.
Either you do not wash ef-
fectually, or you wash too ef-
fectually; you do not get the
skin open and clean, or you
hurt it.
Remedy— Use Pears' Soap,
no matter how much ; but a little
is enough if you use it often.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially druflxisUj
»., sorts of people use it.
then how to stop further loss. Rut your
object now, as I gather it, is to go out
and possess what you have never had
before. You want to extend, not your
notes, but your business. 1 sympathized
with your purposes then; I am in full ac
cord with your intentions now. I ven
tured to say at the gathering referred to,
as reported in four published proceed
ings, speaking both for your encourage
ment and from a profound conviction,
this great country cannot be permanent
ly kept in a state of relapse. I believe wo
will reoccupy the field temporarily lost
to us., and go out to the peaceful con
quest of new and greater fields of trade
and commerce. The recovery will come
slowly, perhaps, but it will come, and
when it does we will be steadier and will
better know how to avoid exposure here
after.
National policies can encourage Indus
try and commerce, but it remains for the
people to project and carry them on. If
these policies stimulate Industrial devel
opment and energy the people can be
safely trusted to do the r< st. The Gov
ernment, however. Is restricted in its
power to promote industry. It can aid
commerce, but not create it. It can
widen and deepen its rivers, improve its
harbors and develop Its great national
waterways, but Che ships to sail and the
traffic to carry the people must supply.
The Government can raise revenues by
i >n in such :i way as will discrim
inate in favor of domestic enterprises, but
it cannot establish tKm. It can make
commercial treaties, ope.ning to our man
ufacturers and agriculturists the ports
of other nations. It can enter into re
cfprocal arrangements to exchange our I
products with those of other countries. It ,
can aid our merchant marine l>y encour
aging our people to build ships of com
merce. It can assist in every lawful man
ner private enterprise to unite the two
oceans with the great canal. It can do j
all thes<- things, and ought to do them- '■
but with all this accomplished the result ;
will still i>e. ineffectual unless supple
merited by energy, enterprise and in
dustry of the people. It Is they that must j
build and operate the factories, furnish I
Bhij s and cargoes for the canal and the
rivers and the seas. It is they who must
find the consumers and obtain trade by
going forth to win it.
Much profitable trade is still unenjoyed
by our people because of their present
insufficient facilities for reaching desira
ble markets. Much of It is lost because
or a lack of Information and ignorance
of the conditions and needs of other na- !
Uons p We must know just what other
people want before we can supply their
wants. \\ c must understand exactly how
to rt-iioh them with least expense. If w«
would enter into the most advantageous
business relations with them. The ship
requires shippers; but the shipper must
have assured promise that his goodsVwill
nave a sale when they reach their desti
nation. It Is a good rule if buyers will
not come to us for us to go to them. It
our duty to make American enterprise
and industrial ambition, as well as
achievement terms of respect and praise
not only at homo, but among the family
of nations the world over.
Then- is another duty resting upon the
National Government— "To coin money
and regulate the value thereof." This
duty requires that our government shall
regulate the value of its money by the
highest standards of commercial honesty
and national honor. The money of the
United States is and must forever be un
questioned and unassailable. If doubts
remain, they must be removed. If weak
places are discovered, they must be
strengthened. Nothing should over tempt
us— nothing ever will tempt us— to -
down the sacred debt of the nation
through a legal technicality. Whatever
may be the language of the* contract, the
United States will discharge all its obli
gations in the currency recognised as the
best throughout the civilised world at the
time of payment. Nor will we ever con
sent that the wages of labor or Its frugal
savings be scalod down, by permitting
payment in dollars of less value than the
dollars acepted as the best in every en
lightened nation of the earth.
Under existing conditions our citizens
cannot be excused If they do not redouble
their efforts to secure such financial legis
lation as will place their honorable In
tentions beyond dispute. All those who
represent, as you do. the great conserva
tive and the progressive business inter
ests of the country owe it not only to
themselves, but to the people, to insist
upon the settlement of this great ques
tion now. or else to face the alternative
that it must be again submitted for arbi
tration at the polls. This is our plain
duty to more than seven million voters.
who, fifteen months nco. won a grren*
political battle on the issue, among other
that the United States government would
not permit a doubt to exist anywhere
concerning the stability and integrity of
its currency or the Inviolability of its" ob
ligations of every kind. Thin is my Inter
pretation of that victory. Whatever ef
fort, therefore, is required to make the
settlement of this vital question Hear and
conclusive for all time, we are bound in
good conscience to undertake, and if pos
sible realize. That is our commission—
our present charter from the people.
It will not suffice for ottlsens nowadays
to say simply that they are In favor of
sound money. That is not enough. The
people's purpose must be given the vi
tallty of public law. Better an honest
effort with failure, than the avoiding of
so pinin and commanding a duty. The
difficulties in the path of a satisfactory
reform are. it must be admitted, neither
few In number nor slight in degree, hut
progress cannot fail to be mad.- with a
fair and thorough trial. An honest at
tempt will be the best proof of sincerity
of purpose. Discussion cannot hurt, it
will only help the cause. Let us have
full nnd free discussion. We nn> the last
to avoid or evade it. Tnt'-Iligent diSCUS-
Bion will strengthen the indifferent and
encourage the friends of a stable system
of finance. Half-heartedness never won
a battle. Nations and parties without
abiding principle* and stern resolution to
enforce them, even if it costs a continu
ous struggle to do so and temporary sac
rifice, are never in the highest degree
successful leaders in the progress of man
kind. For us to attempt nothing In the
face of the present fallacies and the con
stant effort to spread them is to lose val
uable ground already won and practi
cally weaken the forces of sound money
for their battles of the future.
The financial plank of the St. Louis
platform Is still as commanding upon Re
publicans and those who served with
them in the last campaign as on the day
It was adopted and promulgated. Hap
pily, the tariff part of the platform has
already been engrafted into public stat
ute, nut that other plank, not already
builded Into our constitution, 1b a bind
ing force upon us. What is it? "The Re
publican party is unreservedly for sound
money. It caused the enactment of th«
law providing for the resumption of
specie payments in 1ST?: since then every
dollar has been as good as gold." • • •
This is In reality a command from the
people who gave the administration to
the party now in power, and who are still
anxiously waiting for the execution of
their free and omnipotent will by those
of us who hold commissions from that
supreme tribunal • • •
Senator William P. Frye of Maine,
who was introduced as one of the
greatest friends of the merchant mar
ine, made a brief address. In speak
ing of the Nicaraguan canal he de
clared that the United States should
build It. He did not approve of the
private ownership of the canal by any
corporation; the Government was in
the best position to build and operate
the canal. Senator Frye said that the
value of the Hawaiian Islands was
$39,000,000 and that Americans owned
them. American ships carried the com
merce, valued at $23,000,000. He said
that if the treaty were not ratified, in
less than one year the islands would be
under the protection of Great Britain.
This was met with cries of "No."
Much confusion followed. He asked
the guests to exercise their influence
with the Senate to have the treaty
ratlfied. There were cheers and cries
of "No" as well. Senator Frye said
the Nicaraguan ranal would not be
worth a cent with the Hawaiian
Islands in the hands of an enemy. This
was received with applause.
Off Day for Favorites at Mew Orleans.
NBW ORLEANS. Jan. V.—W«athsr
clear and cool. Track heavy, with a path
on the outside. Not a favorite won. In
the fifth rstce Ethel Lee bled, and grew so
weak that she fell, throwing Dupee who
had the mount. Basalts:
First rare, six and one-half furlongs
sHlinp— Dinsmore won. Tole Simmons sec
ond. Aunt Maggie third. Time, 1:27
Second race, six furlongs. selling— Sedan
won. His Brother second. Royal choice
third. Time, 1:19.
Third race, one mile, selling— Little
Ocean won. Bnb Clampett second Rhett
Goode third. Time. 1:45 i...
Fourth race, one mil*, selling— Lucky
Monday won. Voluntame second Mrr
Easton third. Time, 1:49.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Nannie
Davis won. Van Ness second Minnie
Waldon third. Tim.?, 1:20.
Sixth race, nevcn furlongs, selling— Jim
Flood won, Basquil second, Adam John
son third. Time, I:4L
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
SUCCESSFUL
GRAFTING
OF INSECTS
Professor Crampton
Reaches Strange
Results.
Science Able to Produce
Some Most Peculiar
Monstrosities.
Living Things Carved in In
fancy and Grown Into
Fantastic Shapes.
FREEZING IN THE PROCESS.
"John Smith, the Bjug Man," Hin»» of
Greater Experiments in ttie Higher
Annual Kingdom.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— Professor J.
B. Smith, entomologist in the New Jer
sey State Experimental Station in New
Brunswick, who read a paper on the
subject of bug grafting at a meeting of
the- New Jersey Microscopical Society
last Monday evening, demonstrated
that half of an insect couid be gran
ed on the half of another of an en
tirely different species.
When seen to-day in his combined
museum and laboratory in New Hruns
wick he expressed some regret that his
paper had attained publicity beyond
the little circle for which it was in
tended. He seemed fearful of laying
himself open to a charge of stealing
another man's thunder. Whatever
credit could be claimed for the discov
ery, he said, was live to Profeswor
Crampton of the American Society et
Naturalists, who had made experi
ment. 1 ? at Woods Holl, Mass., last sum
mer. But still Professor Smith was
thoroughly equipped to discuss the
matter. He had seen Professor Cramp
t'in's specimens, and explained the mo
dus operandi. Professor Smith is thor
oughly familiar with the Insect world;
in fact, he is known in New Bruns
wick as "John Smith, bug man," a so
briquet which he does not object to in
the least.
"It is perfectly true that Insects can
be grafted and live," he said. "My
first intimation of such a disco-very was
during a convention of naturalists' s<>
t letles In Ithaca, N. V.. during Christ
mas week. Professor Crampton read a
paper called "Some Grafting Experi
ments upon Lapidoptera,' and illus
trated it with specimens which he had
operated upon: there must have been
fifty or sixty of them. Some had been
grafted in such a way as to have two
heads and no- tails. Others had two
tails and no heads. Still others were
two perfectly formed insects, welded
together like Siamese twins, back to
back and belly to belly. The profes-
S( r then showed how it was done. Go
ing to a little glass case heated by
\\;trm air, ami which is really an in
sfct incubator, he selected a couple of
cocoons. The experiments, he told
me, must be made with pupae when in
sects are still in the embryonic state
of organization from caterpillar to
moth. With a sharp knife he split the
cocoons, disclosing a couple of wrig
gling pupae, which looked like grub
worms.
"Now," he- explained. "Professor
Crampton'p plan is to partially freeze
them that they shall be congested and
thus prevent the flow of blood. He
would cut the heads off these two fel
lows, graft the bodies together with
paraffine wax, and they would grow
together. They might develop into
moths, differing entirely from each oth
er in variety and size, but they would
develop into a headless monstrosity
just the same."
Professor Smith, when asked if, in his
opinion, the same results could be ob
tained with animals of a higher order,
said: "I should not like to go on rec
ord as making any statement in regard
to that, but the fact remains that many
things are regarded as impossible pim
ply because they have never been tried.
The grafting of Insects was never at
tempted until Professor Crampton took
It up, and it remains to be seen what
can be accomplished in the higher ani
mal kingdom."
Henry E. Crampton, Jr., an instruct
or In biology in Columbia University,
v.-ho has acliieved interesting results
from experimenting in bug grafting,
\\n<» seen in his laboratory to-da.. and
explained the value of his dl»v*Tcries to
the scientific world.
"I do nc-t claim any originality In
these experiments." said Professor
Crampton. "I hare simply worked out
the theories of eminent scientists.
Grafting in plant life has long been
known, but It has never been tried be
fore In insect life. I made the experi
ments and evolved fnese strange mon
strosities in making researches in the
power of heredity. I have also made
several experiments in the transfusion
o{ the blood of insects in embryonic
stages and thus produced strange com
binations."
Professor Crampton produced sever
al small Jars containing results of his
experiments in bug grafting. Among
them was a tandem moth which had
been formed by cutting the head off of
one cocoon and welding the decapitat
ed pupa to another pupa from which
the tail had been cut. The result was
a long moth body with two sets of
wings.
"It would have lived." said Crampton,
regretfully, "If I had not dropped it
from a table and burst its body. Even
then I patched up the wound with a
bit of Japanese paper, and it lived four
or five days after the accident."
Another interesting: freak which he
showed was the Siamese twin butter
fly, which was formed by welding two
butterfly cocoons side by side with par
affine wax after cutting them open.
They were perfectly formed, and were
Joined by a broad ligament.
"I am now making experiments in
drawing the blood of one cocoon and
infusing into It the blood of another.
This affects the wing and body color
ings, and adds greatly to the study of
heredity. If these experiments can be
carried on In insects they may be carried
on In higher forms of life and reveal
much that is as yet unknown in study
of th,e cell, or the very essence of life.
I made these experiments years ago,"
concluded Crampton, "and I have now
some four or five hundred pupae wait
ing to hatch out. Much of them die,
however, in pupae stages. P am pre
paring a treatise on my experiments
which will be published soon."
Famous Stallion Nor vat Sold.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 27.— The fa
mous Btallion. Norval (2:14 V, Fire of
Countess Eve <2:09 V. was sold to-day to
J. C. LJnr.ehan of Lima. Ohio. He was
owned by the late R. P. Pepper. The
price is not known. Colonel Pepper paid
515.000 to the late Senator Leland Stan
ford of California for th« staiUoa.
KILLED BY HER
JEALOUS LOVER
Sensational Tragedy on
the Streets of Los
Angeles.
Charles Arthur Waylays and
Murders His Former
Mistress.
Takes Two Shots a,t His Rival, but
Neither of Them Reaches
the Mark.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 27.— This morn-
Ing about 11 o'clock a sensational mur
der was committed upon the principal
thoroughfare of the city. • The victim
was a middle-aged woman, a Mrs.
Ransome, who was shot and instantly
killed by Charles Arthur, a blacksmith
from Pasadena.
The woman for the past two years
had been the mistress of Arthur, but
lately had deserted him and taken up
with one Jack Kennedy, a sporting
man. Arthur had brooded over the loss
of his mistress, and coming to town to
day from Santa Ana, where he had
been working, he armed himself with
a ::.'-caliber revolver and stood upon
Spring street, where hundreds were
passing, and awaited the coming of
Mrs. Ransomo.
Shortly before noon his patience was
rewarded and he saw the woman ap
proachlng with Kennedy. He followed
the couple until they were opposite a
vacant building and then drawing his
revolver he opened fire. Three shots,
every one of which would have had
deadly effect, entered the body of the
woman, who Eank to the pavement,
when Arthur turned his attention to
Kennedy, who was fleeing across the
street. He fired two shots at Kennedy,
neither of which took effect. He was
arrested without resistance 1 and taken
to the Central Police station. The
woman died within five minutes after
being taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Kansome bore the appearance
of a hard-working woman instead of
that of a woman of the town, and in
fact had been a domestic in the family
of Dr. Hagan, the police surgeon.
Arthur talked very freely of the hor
rible crime. He expressed no com
punction and sai<i the deed was
prompted by jealousy. He had quar
reled with the woman upon two occa
sions and had once attempted suicide
on her account.
When told that his shots had not
taken effect upon the body of Kennedy
he expressed the deepest regret and
said that his satisfaction would have
been complete if ho had killed both the
man and the woman.
Hundreds of people were passing
along the busy tli"r.>u£rhfare, and the
only wonder is that the shots fired at
Kennedy did not kill or wound some
of the numerous passers by. The
whole affair was orer in a minute, and
the man was on his way to Jail and
the woman to the Receiving Hospital
before tbe crowd? fully realized the
horrible tragedy that had been enacted
in their midst.
Arthur is about 50 years old. a
widower, and had deserted hla children
for the sake of the Ransome woman.
RUMORED RECALL OF
MINISTER POWELL
At Washington. However, It Is Denied That
the Germans Objected to the
Diplomat's Acts in Hayti.
CbpfrfsM, IV"*. by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT-AU-PRINCK, Jan. 27.— 1t is ru
mored here that the United States Min
ister to Hayti, William F. Powell, has
been recalled at the request of the Ger
man Government on account of his con
nectton with the Leuders Incident, which
result^.l in OmiMSIIJ sending warships
here to collect indemnity. Emperor Wil
liam's birthday was celebrated to-day by
the German colony by a banquet aboard
the Geier. Every forolg-n vessel in thehar
bur was decorated in honor of the occa
s-inii.
NEW YORK. Jan. Z7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Assistant
■ »ry Day donifs the report that
Wll.iam F. Powell, United States Minis
ter to Hayti. has been recalled at the
request of' the German Government on
account of the attitude he assumed In the
Leuders affair. Another official of the
department informed me that tho Ger
man authorities had formally expressed
their gratification at the course of Mr.
Powell in protecting Mr. Leuders.
ALSIP AN EMBEZZLER
OF MANY THOUSANDS.
The President of a Chicago Colony Company
Makes Startling Discoveries on
Investigation.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27.— The most re
cent development in the mysterious dis
appearance of Edwin K. Alslp Is the dis
covery that he Is an embezzler to the
amount of many thousands.
In an Interview published In to-night's
Bee General C. H. Howard, president of a
colony company In Chicago, says: "My
visit to tho coast has been brought about
by the strange conduct of Mr. Alsip. I
have discovered since my arrival here
that Mr. Alslp's misappropriations date
from a year back, and I find upon an in
spection of the books that he took from
us several thousands of dollars that I
could not trace until I came out. We have
its yet not ascertained the full amount of
his defalcation and cannot do so until a
thorough examination of the books can
be had. 1
ANARCHY IN TURKEY'S
ASIATIC PROVINCES.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Standard says; The
Minister of War, Riza Pasha, has been
ordered to prepare eighty regiments, with
a minimum strength of 1700 men each, for
service in Roumelia next spring. The at
titude of Bulgaria is causing uneasiness
and the Porte has sent remonstrances to
such effect.
The Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Kewfl says: It is reported here that the
Kurds are devastating Armenian villages
in the neighborhood of Russian villayets
and that the Armenians are retaliating.
The correspondent adds that there, "is
complete anarchy in the Asiatic provinces
of Turkey."
CAN BID ON THE
KANSAS PACIFIC.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.-The House
Committee on Pacific Railroads agreed
to-day by a vote of 7 to 4 to report a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treas
ury, at the discretion of the President, to
bid on behalf of the United States at the
foreclosure sale of the Kansas Pacific
Railroad to the full amount necessary to
pmt»ct the lien of the Government, and
requiring the President, in case the road
be purchased by the Government, to sell
it for such a price as he may be able to
procure and may deem best to accept for
the Interest of the Government.
ARRESTED AS A
STAGE ROBBER
Interest in the Booneville
Coach Tragedy Re
vived.
Frank Harrington of Alexander
Valley Goes to Jail on
Suspicion.
Takes the Situation Coolly and Says
He Is Able to Prove an
Alibi.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 27.— The exciting
Btory of the Booneville stage rubbery
and the cold-blooded murder of Bar
nett of Ukiah last September by two
bandits was revived to-day by the ar
rest of another suspect. Frank Har
rington of Alexander Valley is the man
under suspicion, and ho was arrested
by Deputy Sheriffs Leard and Weise
while pruning trees in an Alexander
Valley orchard. He is about six feet in
height, is light-haired and litdn-eom-
Plexioned, and wears a light, thin mus
tache.
Harrington does not say that he is
rot one of the robbers, but simply de
clares that he will prove an alibi. He
is not, apparently, much agitated over
his arrest, and is taking things com
fortably in the jail here to-night. But
on the word of "Lish" Finney, the
teamster who all along claimed that he
could identify the two suspicious char
acters he met in the mountains near
Ukiah the day of the tragedy. Harring
ton is one of these men, or his resemb
lance is an exceptionally close one.
Finney claims that on the day of the
robbery of the stage, and some time be
fore it was scheduled to appear, he saw
two men come out on the road. They
asked him how long it would be before
the Booneville stage would pass that
way. After telling them what he knew
about it. Finney says, the two men left
the highway
Finney was brought here to-night.
He was taken into the Jail and took a
careful survey of Harrington. After
ward he gave it as his opinion that
•Tfntrtor ; « <->-ie» of the simpioious
looking men he saw in the road the day
of the sensational robbery, and his
judgment was given without hesitation.
Deputy Sheriff Johnson of Mendocino
County is here, and to-night seems to
have much confidence in Finneys
story.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.—Representa
tive de Vries to-day called on the War
Department to consult with the judge ad
vocate general upon the necessary legis
lation In order to connect the United
States Government with the appropriation
made by the State of California for the
construction of .impounding dams in the
Yuba River. The judge advocate general
assured Dp Vries that he would render at
an early date an opinion. De Vries is en
deavoring to secure a full understanding
between the War Department and the
State authorities on this question so that
in case of any conflict the necessary legis
lation may be had during the present
session. This will obviate any further de
lay after the plans of the engineers are
reported. De Vries will make an effort
to have this matter Inoorporau-d in the
river and harlmr appropriation hill.
The following California postmasters
WNI appointed to-day: Murietta. River
side County, O. W. Miller, vice J. M
Richardson, deceased; San Marcos San
Diego County. George Call, vice W;tr.]on
Cr. Jacobs, resigned: Thermal. Fresno
County. Ella Buckmaster, vice John Dow
ney, resigned.
The postofflce at Middlefork, Shasta
County, will be discontinued after Febru
ary 15. Mail should be sent to Beegum.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
California: Original— Albert Doty Yre
ka. $S; Augustus Degay, Soldiers' "Home
Los Angeles, $S.
Washington: Renewal, reissue and In
crease—Denard Montague. Cathlamet, $6
to $12: Mexican war widow— Lvdia M
Wilkinson, Waitsburg, $8.
Army orders: By direction of the Act-
Ing Secretary of War, Private Paul
Smith, ordnance detachment, now at Be
nicla Arsenal, will be sent to the Army
and Navy General Hospital. Hot Springs
Ark., reporting upon his arrival to the
commanding officer for treatment In the
hospital.
Governor Offers Rewards for Murderers.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27. — Governor
Budd has oftered a reward of $300 for the
arrest and conviction of the murderer of
Joseph H. Reaside at Emeryville. Ala
meda County, on the 13th inst. The same
inducement Is held out for the capture
and conviction of the slayer of Tyner
Bill, an Indian, at Mill Creek, Tiilare
County, In November last.
_^ ..,.-.^_^^ r NEW TO-DAY. ' : ;;-.C/V
o»»^»a»woaacj0oaa«»»»Kwa»oaa»»«a«c8^
§! <^^^ 1 0 linn \ta
§ : •KkSt^s -^ HAS NO :1
I^o^^ terrors!
|: For the Man Cured of Varicocele and Weakness ?!
II by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. i
«♦■ . , • •'■ ;• • ♦'§
g^ Varicocele makes a coward of a man. It drags on him. It tears down his X%
g+ vitality. It unfits him for work, and such an undertaking as a Klondike trip is ♦»
o+ impossible with such a weakness. No man can do himself justice while this ♦»
g+ ailment is dragging his life out. Cure it early. Cure it now. IS
I* 1000 CURED BY DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. *1
$4- ' Mr. L. L. Jaccard, formerly a Jeweler at San Leandro Pal wpntiv wont tn Trin^n -'
|t IT CURES WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS. ll
St , Dr. Sanden's. Electric Belt has cured loo ° cases of Varicocele during the to
8* past year. The book, "Three Classes of Men," is full of proof. Call or send *l
»+ for it, tree. Consultation and test of Belt at office, free. Call or address + §
•Oj t *^°£SS££gi!^^ Los Angeles, Cal. : m Sixteenth +§
NEW TO-DAY.
To MOTHERS* *
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
> EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD *' C ASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PiTCHER'S CASTORIA," the same ■
that has borne and does now -J .-- — - on every
bear the facsimile signature of t^t/^f^z^c^^c wrapper.
This is the original v PITCHER'S CASIORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for ovtr thirty '
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, /n<? y/g> ,- on the
and has the signature of w^/^V-^e^vC^' wrap*
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President. . \.
arch 8 1897. Qsd*~~~S i^v^^E^-t-^*. \jj»
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies, on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought" -*.
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed You.
*M> ccntmim co»««». TV wuaiukv •t«cct. new roan em.
FLEECED BY A
SCHOOL-GIRL
Business Men of Fresno
Discover the Little
Culprit.
Home of Her Parents Found to
Be Overstocked With
Provisions.
Tha Mother Tearfully Pleads Inno
cence as She Restores tha
Stolen Goods.
Bp«e!ftl Dispatch to The Catt.
FRESNO. Jan. 27.— The identity of
the 14-year-old girl who has been vic
timizing Fresno business men for the
last several days has been discovered,
and it is believed the girl resorted to
the scheme to help her parents and sev
eral younger members of the family,
which seems to be in very straitened
circumstances. She is little Miss Gil
j bert, a blue-eyed, flaxen-haired, inno
i cent-looking and demure school girl.
She lives with her parents in a little
house on Blackstone avenue, about a
mile fr6m the center of the town. Her
father is a teamster, and while he was
working hard to earn a livelihood for
'his family, his little daughter was sup
plying the house with a stock of all
kinds of groceries, and bringing money
home to her mother every night.
The merchants who had been de
frauded by the girl learned who she
was, and yesterday and to-day she had
many visitors, as they all called at the
house and demanded the return of their
goods or the money she had obtained
from them under false pretenses.
Her scheme was to represent herself
to be sent by a customer of a store,
and she would give an order for grocer
ies, saying that she would take the
goods herself in her rig. She would
then drive to her own home and un
load. She told others that her moth> r
sent her to get four bits, as the baby
had swallowed poison. That ruse was
usually successful.
When told of her daughter's misrep
resentations, Mrs. Gilbert profesF-.l
to be greatly surprised and wept bit
trrly. She returned money to all who
demanded it, and paid out several dol
lars of her daughter's fraudulent earn
ings. Sacks of flour, potatoes and
other groceries were carried out of the
house by defrauded store-keepers, to
the great sorrow and disgust of little
Miss Gilbert, who saw all her clever
work come to naught.
The merchants who were victimized
think it very queer that the mother did
not suspect the daughter's honesty
when she brought so many things to
the house, and a strong suspicion is
entertained that she gave tacit consent,
if she did not actually put the child up
to the scheme. She declares, however,
that she supposed the girl was work
ing and that she thought she took the
provisions in part payment. The fam
ily have been living at their present
abndf for about a month and are
thought to be strangers in Fresno.
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Little Child of Sacramento Meets With a
Terrible Death.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27.—A sad thing
happened here to-day. The little IS
month-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.
Elmer Brown went to her. uncle's house
near by. as she was accustomed to doing,
and while there entered a bedroom where
a phial of carbolic acid stood on a wash
stand. The child got the bottle and drank
the contents and then returned to where
her aunt was occupied with her house
hold duties. Mrs. Brown noticed the
empty bottle in the child's hand and, sus
pecting what had happened, telephoned
for a doctor. The doctor arrived in fif
teen minutes, but in the mean time the
child had been seized with convulsions
and died in about twenty minutes. The
parents reached the house early, but
nothing could be done to relieve the lit
tle one's sufferings.
»
Notable Santa Cruzan Dies a Pauper.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 27.—At the County
Hospital,without friends,Joaquin Thomp
son died to-day. His father was at one
time one of the largest property holders
in . this county. He owned hundreds of
acres of that beautiful section close to
Santa Cruz known as Thompson's Flat,
which to a great extent is divided into
small farms and includes the lovely Kerr
ranch, a portion of the California Powder
"Works land, and a large portion of it Is
the property of H. Cowell & Co.LACK OF BERTHS
ON THE FRONT
An Injunction Stops the
Rebuilding of Green-
Street Wharf.
Nothing Can Be Done to Lom
bard-Street Wharf for the
Same Reason.
In Consequence Vessels Are Waiting
Five Deep to Secure North
End Places.
There Is not a spare berth on the en
tire water front, and applications are
five deep for space at the wharves
north of Market street. Green street.
at which there is space for several
ships, is half torn down, and, judging
by the way things are going now, it
will not be ready for use for six months
to come. The Harbor Commissioners
and the contractors have been more
than anxious to get the work complet
ed, but Injunction after injunction has
been served upon the board, and now
no one seems to know when the wharf
will be completed. For want of repairs.
Lombard-street wharf is also In such a
condition that vessels cannot dock at
it, so the Chief Wharfinger Is very
much hampered by the want of space
on the north end of the front.
When the question of repairing both
these wharves first came up, it was the
Intention of the Harbor Commission to
Bupply all the necessary piles and creo
sote them, and bids fur the doing of tho
work only wer« called for. Before the
contract was awarded the commission
was enjoined by the Pacific Pine Lum
ber Company. The Commissioners won
the case, but it was then necessary to
call for new bids. This time the con
tractor was called upon to supply the
necessary piles, but the board reserved
the right to have the timbers preserved
by any process they saw fit. Healy,
Tibbetts & ured the contract,
and at once dispatched the bark Merom
to the Sound for the necessary lumber.
Then bids were railed for the treating
of the piles, and the contract was
awarded to the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company; hut in the mean
time the Parafflne Paint Company
served another Injunction on the board,
and the matter is now being settled in
tho courts.
Tho bark Merom has now arrived
with md -7.". 000 feet of lumber,
and there is no wharf at which to dock
the vessel, and even when she is docked
Healy. Tlbbetts & Co. cannot proceed
with the work, as the Harbor Commis
sioners will not be able to have the
soted until the case now in
court is settled. In order to get the
vessel off their hands, the contractors
will have to build a temporary wharf
at <;reen street, on which to discharge
the timbers. The contractors are more
than anxious to get the work complet
ed, as they have over $12,000 in lumber
alone tit-d up in the job. As the mat
ter stands now, should the Harbor
Commissioners win, new bids will have
to be called for.
The contract time for the completion
of the repairs to Green-street wharf
has already expired, but some time ago
Healy, Tibbetts & Co. notified the board
that they were ready to deliver the
piles at any place designated, ask-
Ine that body when it would be ready
to begin the treatment of the timbers.
A FEARFUL DEATH
William Steph)ani Instantly Killed
by Being Caught in the Ma
chinery of a Printing Press.
William Stephar.i, a machinist em
ployed In the Hercules works, was In
stantly killed yesterday afternoon while
pitting up a printing press in the litho
graphing establishment of Dickman &
Jones. The machinery was in motion at
the time, and Stophani was putting In the
finishing touches on the press. His head
was caught In the machinery and was
crushed like an eggshell.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
A VIRAGO SENTENCED.
Margaret MarKel Gets Six Morjths
in trje County Jail.
Margaret Markel, a married woman liv
ing on Brady street, was arrested Mon
day for disturbing the peace. She had
broken a glass over her husband's head,
and If It had not been for the interfer
ence of the police *he would have seri
ously injured him. as she was furious
with rage and drink. She was convicted
by Judge Conlan Wednesday, and yes
terday appeared for sentence. Her hus
band, a meek-looking man, was also In
court, as he had been arrested at the
same time, but the Judge told him to go
home. After severely lecturing Margaret
the Judge sentenced her to six months
in the County Jail.
Several years ago Margaret was ar
rested for stabbing a man named Yon
well in Napa County. She was tried
convicted and sent to the penitentiary for
five years. Since living in this city she
has been several times arrested for rais
ing a disturbance, and for battery upon
her husband.
-NEW TO-DAY.
Df||HYLetWHISKYget the BEST
lira -I of you. GETthe BEST of
** B « I WHISKY, which is the
g^f^ GENUINE
fam£| i distillery
fv El I BOTTLING OP
Pm PEPPER
ilk™-
Ijjffl^ 4 t^Z&A* fxfs Bottled and Distilled
P~33Js^*^ "^fl ' *^?j only by
■' fa^,^, CXT»A CA JTION •- I
iffi lj "r
0- JS^S^ ; Lexington, Ky,
,' .:'■»?;— PSKSSL^ " » ; ! YtARS; is guaranteed
ff/g^^^j,! SAMPLE CASE $15
1 Sent on trial, which, if
i £g£j2?32aSiM£s^P' rot satii*»ctory, can be
Tn *™BU*a^^^^ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL CARROLL,
•30<5 Market Street,
Sole Agentt for the Pacific Coa«t.
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS " *
Vessels are waiting five deep to secure berths north of Market street, while for want of repairs Green and Lombard
street wharves cannot be used. The bark Merom, with lumber for Green-street wharf, is in port, but a place
to dock her cannot be found, nor could her cargo be of much use if she could land it, as an injunction
prevents the Harbor Commissioners from going on with the work. The contract calls for the creosotmg of
all piles used in the rebuilding of the wharf, and that is the bone, of contention.
DRINK LEADS
TO MURDER
Nathan Phillips Fatally
Shot by Charles E.
Weathers.
A Tragedy in Low Life Enacted
in an Ellis-Street
Dive.
The Murderer Pleads, as Usual, That
He Has No Recollection of
tho Affair.
Nathan Phillips, who was employed
as a night bartender at the Empire
Theater, an underground resort at 21
Ellis street, was shot and instantly
killed shortly before 6 o'clock yesterday
morning by Charles K. "Weathers, a re
cent arrival from Vlsalla.
Weathers was under the influence of
liquor at the time, and, he says, does
not remember under what circum
stances the fatal shots were fired. He
arrived here Christmas week and has
been living in a rooming house at 103
Powell street.
According to the story told by those
conversant with the circumstances.
Weathers started off Wednesday night
to see the after-night side of city life.
He spent his money lavishly, got intox
icated in a short time, and wandered
from one disreputable resort to another.
Early in the evening he visited the
Empire Theater, and returned again
about 5:30 yesterday morning to claim
that he had been robbed of $20 by one
of the waitresses.
He sought out the ostensible proprie
tor of the place, Peter Hall; and de
manded that the money be returned.
He was informed that he was mis
taken, and that probably he had been
robbed in ODe of the other dives visit
ed by him. Thereupon he drew a re
volver, and, leveling it at Hall, said he
Intended getting what belonged to him
before he left the place. Hall, who is
somewhat of a sprinter, darted up the
stairs leading to Ellis street, with
Weathers in close pursuit. Hall blew
for police help when he reached the
sidewalk, and this attracted the atten
tion of Lester Goldberg, a haekman,
who has a stand in front of the the
ater.
Weathers leveled the revolver at
Goldberg, who promptly dodged behind
his back. Weathers then walked back
to the head of the stairway. Phillips,
who was on his way home, was as
cending the steps, when Weathers -fired
two shots in rapid succession down the
stairs at him.
Officers Phil Fraher, Hurd and Cook
were standing at the corner of Market
and Stockton streets when the shots
rang out. They ran up Ellis Street
and found Weathers, with a revolver
in his hand, crouched up against th<j
side of the building. Fraher caught
him from behind and Hurd grabbed
him by the arms. In an instant he
was disarmed and the handcuffs placed
on him. While Fraher and Hurd were
taking Weathers to the Central station
Officer Cook went down into the thea
ter and found Phillips lying dead on
the floor about three feet from the bot
tom of the stairway.
only one of the two shots fired by
Weathers tcok effect. The bullet struck
Thillips between the right ear and eye
and penetrating the brai.i caused in
stant death.
Philips was a native of California,
2- >»-}jrp of age and resided with his
widowed mother at 16 Yerba Buena
street.
7^» athers, acting under the advice of
his c< tinsel, declined to make any state
ment yesterday other than that he was
sorry for the occurrence.
Stole From H's Father.
James Sademan, son of Frank Sade
man, the ex-Janitor of Emmanuel Baptist
Church, was sentenced to six months In
the County Jail by Judge Campbell yes
terday for petty larceny. While the fam
ily was viewing the parade Monday
young Sademan stole $30 from the house
and was arrested on complaint of his
father. Both father and Km appeared as
witnesses for the State at the Durrant
trial.
Many Pneumonia Cases.
The recent cold weather has caused a
remarkable Increase in the number of
pneumonia cases reported to the health
office, as shown by the records of the
Health Department. Since the Ist of Jan
uary sixty-six casos b&va been reported,
with a more than usually large percent
age of deaths.
O'Brien's "Patent Spring, best and easi
est riding buggy made. Rubber or steel
tires. O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO_CALTL, FRIDAY, JAXUAHY 28, 1898.
NO BERTHS FOR SHIPS.
TO TRY FIGEL
FOR MURDER
Three More Jurors Se
cured to Pass Judgment
on His Guilt.
The Difference Between Rea
sonable and Possible Doubt
the Stumbling Block..
Many of Those Examined Are Unable
to Distinguish the Legal
Distinction.
. . ■
Thp not results of yesterday's pro
ceedings in Judge Cook's court was the
acceptance <if three more Jurors to try
Theodore Figel on the charge of hav
ing murdered Isaac Hoffman last
June.
"Reasonable doubt" is the great ob
stacle to rapid progress in securing
the jury. Many men have been ex
amined who hid fair to prove accepta
ble to both sides until Judge Murphy,
for the prosecution, would bepin to
! question them as to their knowledge of
the difference between a reasonable
! and possible doubt. Few were famil
iar enough with the Intricacies of the
law to recognize the difference and in
si.-t.-d upon giving the defendant the
benefit of any possible doubt. This.
, of course, was entirely satisfactory to
th« defense, but the holders of such
: opinions were speedily challenged by
the prosecution.
During the morning session the panel
was exhausted after securing one Ju
ror. Henry Hanus. a hardware dealer
residing at 11 Henry street, and ad
journment had t<> be taken until 2
o'clock to enable the bailiff to round up
a new lot.
Mr. Hanus came near falling down
!on the "reasonable doubt" point, hut
finally he was made to understand the
: fine distinction of the law. He was
sworn in.
In the afternoon the Jury box was
filled by the drawing of J. R. Phillips
R. D. West, F. L. Guntz, G. F. Roberts
Ed F. Ring, 1.. Lautermllch, A J Ken
nedy, Fred Bouggen and J. A. Brewer
Mr. Phillips, a merchant residing at
317 Leavenworth street, answered all
the questions to the apparent satisfac
tion of both sides, and was temporarily
passed, as was R. B. West, a Jeweler
living at 424 Geary street. F L,"
Guntz. an undertaker, living at SI Do
lores street, got tangled up with old
"reasonable doubt" and was excuse l
G. F. Roberts, a p,,lk street confec
tioner, had strong conscientious scru
ples against the death penalty on cir
cumstantial evidence, and he was al
lowed to go.
The fact that Detective Dillon was
married to his aunt did not militate
against Mr. Ring, who keeps a grocery
store at Nineteenth and Castro streets
and as he answered all the questions
satisfactorily he was passed.
L. Lautermilch was opposed to hang
ing and was excused. A. J. Kennedy
, also escaped on admitting that he was
biased because of his strong friend
ship for Figel's brother and father
Fred Bouggen, a grocery man con
fessed that his knowledge of English
i was too limited to permit him to serve
' and he was allowed to go back to his
store.
J. A. Bremer, a solicitor for the
Royal Insurance Company, was tem
porarily passed, but after Judge Mur
phy had peremptorily challenged Mr
Phillips Judge Louderback exercised
the same right In regard to Mr Bre
mer, leaving only West and Ring to be
sworn in.
Clerk Tolle then drew the names of
R. v. Crosky. J. I. Twohig. w j o
Muhl, 11. Bohlman. F. J. Baumef r"
<-<>hen and T. H. Chandler, and those
gentlemen having taken their seats in
the box and been sworn Judge Cook
on the consent of the prosecution and
defense, adjourned the case until Mon
day morning.
THE COAL COMBINE.
United States Circuit Judge Mor-
row Granted the Temporary
Injunction AsKed for.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday granted the temporary Injunc
tion asked for against the Coal Dealers'
Association In the complaint drawn ud hv
United States Attorney F..,,te and A P
Black. The decision of the court w-is
very lengthy and contained nearly the
whole of the complaint, as wen as a " COTn
nrehenslve resume of the objections uree.l
by the attorneys for the association
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take • Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure
Kg. The fenulnt'luu JU a. Q. on each tablet
TO ENTER THE
ALASKA TRADE
Splendid Ocean Steamer
Australia to Go on
the Route.
Her Place on the Hawaii Run
to Be Taken by the
Zealandia.
A Small Fir© in the Offices of the
Harbor Commission Caused
Excitement
Vessels for the Klondike are still in
great demand, and if the chartering
that has been p oing on for the last few
days continues the coasting fleet will
soon all be on the route to the gold
fields. The latest addition to the host
of craft that will take part in the rush
is the magnificent ocean steamer Aus
tralia. On her arrival here February
12 she will be withdrawn from the
Honolulu trade and her place will be
taken by the steamer Zealandia. The
latter vessel will be brought down
from Martinez to-day and will be fitted
out f<^r the island trade. She will have
a refrigerating chamber put in and
si.iiu- minor repairs made, after which
?=he will go out on the Australia's sail
ing date.
The Australia will be far and away
the finest vessel that will carry miners
to Dyea or Skaguay th* winter or to
St. Michael next spring. She has the
best of accommodations for over 500
passengers, and being a 15-knot liner
will be able to outrun anything in the
trade. The chances are that her crew
will be transferred to the Zealandia,
and a new body of men will be placed
on the Australia. The reason for put
ting the Australia on the route Instead
of the Zealandia is that the Zealandia
flies the Hawaiian flag and the Aus
tralia has an American register.
Other vessels that are to be brought
out of retirement and put in the pas-
I Benger trade are the steam whalers
Karluk and Alexander, lioth of them
will be thoroughly overhauled and fit
ted out and will get away early in Feb
ruary. The demand for tickets to Kot
zebue Sound is so great that the bark
Alaska will not be able to carry all
who want to go, and In consequence I
Captain Cogan is now negotiating for I
the purchase of the whaling bark I
Northern Light. In former years the |
number of vessels that left here for
the Arctic on whaling cruises was '
about twenty-flve steamers and wind I
Jammers. This year what with the tush
to the Klondike and the loss of vessels '
in the Arctic only nine vessels all told j
will nt out this season. The steam
whaler Thrasher, instead of going to
the Arctic in search of whales, will car
ry supplies to the canneries, and in her
spare time will make trips to Dyea,
Skaguay and St. Michael.
There was to have been a meeting of
the Harbor Commissioners yesterday
to award the contracts for a concrete
sidewalk extending the full length of
the ferry depot, but owing to the fact
that President Colnon and Secretary
Keegan were engaged in the injunction
suit in Judge Seawell's court, the meet
ing was postponed until to-day. Com
missioner Harney, Architect Swain,
Chief Engineer Holmes and Chief
Wharfinger Root were in the board
rooms when a small fire broke out in j
the draughting department and caused ■
considerable excitement. The fire was
between the doors near the fire-place,
and, none of the gentlemen named be
ing able to put it out, an alarm was
turned in and the Fire Department
soon had the blaze under control.
The gasoline vessel Hercules will
pall to-day for the Marshall group. She
is a new boat built by Turner for the
Jalult Trading Company of Hamburg,
and is the first vessel launched here
to go at once under the German flag.
Engineer Kraising has arrived here
from Hamburg, and will go to the Mar
shall group on the vessel. Captain
"Dick" Schwarting will take the vessel
down, and he will have under him Nate
Regan, Steward Edwards and three
sailors. Captain Schwarting has to be
sent back to San Francisco by way of
either China or Australia, but the com
pany only guarantees to return the re
mainder of the orew to either Austra
lia. Manila or Hongkong. The Hercu
les will take down a general cargo for
her owners. The last time Captain
Schwarting left San Francisco for the
Marshal! group he was in command of
the little bark John Wesley. She w.ia
so old and out of date that no one ever
thought she would reach her lestina
ticm, but the hardy skipper got her
there in safety and still lives to tell the
tale.
Thp tug Vigrllant was laid up for a
short time yesterday. While towing the
j™B_ EMPOBITJM. I THE EMPOBITJM. ' I THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
flail 1 TICKET) _ — . ri '^ -^S*
This Friday Morning (the day before the Fair opens), from 9 to 1 1 o'clock
only, we will offer $000 of the regular 2<;c Admission Tickets (good from January
29th to February 15th, inclusive), at 15c each. The Ticket Sale will be held in the
Main Aisle, opposite the Klondike Outfitting Department Only five can be sold to a
single purchaser.
Only three days more of "The Blacksmith," the marvelous $50,000 painting
now on exhibition in our Art Rooms, second floor.
Mmi; V^hra+e The largest consignment of Silk
INew velvets Velvets that we have ever re-
onH Sill^Q ceived probably the most com-
clllU Dlli\c>« plete assortment ever shown in
California are now on display and sale. They were con-
tracted for months ago when all fabrics were much cheaper
than now. We have marked them 20 per cent less than
they can possibly be duplicated for.
$1.50— 51.75 Yard.
Taffeta Glace, in fancy checks and small and medium
plaids, nil the newest color effects — silk that is considered
good value at 51.25 a yard — co-day and Satur- <t » r\r\
day as a leader *P 1 •vJvJ
Fancy Jacquard Figured Silk— also Fancy Striped and
Checked Taffeta, in all the newest color combinations —
worth $1.50 and 5i.75 ayard — to-day and Satur- <£ 1. -^r*
day special at *P 1 • **j
:■■}]■■■;■- ■ . • ■
HnmActirc I in^nc Tne daily crowds
UOmeSLICS, LinenS, m , he se departments
NpW \A/nch PinndQ speak volumes for our
INeW VVaSn UOOUS. values. Sales twice
those of last year. Here are three crowd-gathering prices.
We have placed on sale 850 pieces of best quality Cot-
ton Tennis Flannel — extra heavy and wide — in a splendid
assortment of colorings— our regular 9c per yard goods ( r
— tor \j\.
See display in show windows.
We have just received 350 pieces of our spring importa-
tion of fine combed yarn Printed Dimities — exclusive styles
— which we place on sale to-day for the first time, ~\/~\ r
per yard aUL
One special offering in our Linen Department is an 8-4
German Washed Drill Table Damask, all pure linen, extra
he ivy— dice patterns — the best wearing goods r~r' r .
manufactured — per yard J j C
Hr*cior\7 onrl Three unmatchable bargains for
nUMtriy d.HU the balance of the week. This de-
I \r\Ap*v\\7C*c\r partment carries the largest assort-
UllUClWtai. mentof Knit Underwear and Fine
Hosiery in California.
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Cotton Hose, double
to: and heel — sizes 8 to 10.
3 pair for 50c; reduced from 2^c a pair.
Ladies' Heavy Jersey Ribbed Wool Vests and Pants —
covered seams— colors wnito and natural gray — 3, 4,
5,6.
50c each; reduced from 75c.
Child's Winter-weight, Fleece-lined Union Suits, for
ages from 3 to 9 years — colors ecru and natural gray.
t;oc a Suit.
Sole agents for the Stuttgarter'* Woolen
Underdoear. ' . . :
r^ln\/Ac ic\r Do you wear size 5^ Kid
OlOVeo TO! Gloves? If so, there's a bargain
C mn || Un nr l c here for you to-day, and until
Olllclll licUlUb. sold. Ladies' and Misses' Real
Kid Gloves, in black, brown, tans, grays, modes, white,
butter and pearl shades, with three patent clasps, four
large pearl buttons or Foster lacing: worth 51.50, Si. 25
and $1.00 per pair; st\* sfi only. Only a few r'r\r
dozen left. Per pair- _) vJL
Fur- Top Gloves, fleece-lined throughout, all sizes for
Ladies, Boys and Misses, In browns and dark tans, made
extra strong, patent clasps at wrist, fitted and <j? r /~\r\
warranted. Per pair 4> 1 •\J\J
Qr\oriolc in w0 very unusual bargains for
OL'CLlalb 111 Friday and Saturday. Stock-taking
f^mrLrPrv in this de P a rtment is over, and
K-jI U^r\C;iy . there are many price-reduced articles
awaiting the coming of tnrifty house-
> J^r*?, 0 keepers. :V/;;- ; i
\vwT" r- ?n8 Genuine English Metal - Covered
\J' y V *'" A •:) /I Teapots— New design in blue, yellow,
'<&iWtfjhr ? reen and red, with gilt decorations,
vJ£JIJ& capacity 4 cups, regularly 50c. snr
■■ 9 Special j\J\~
Capacity 6 cups, regular- A r> r ■ _ _^
y6 s c. Special:...;..;.. 45 C Qw^W^
Capacity 8 cups, regularly LL L r' r- ' <w \ 7
ooc. Special O>C W [
• v^ {30
All of our Genuine French -I / "Tv
Le Gras Glass Flower Vases W ( ■ \
bought to sell tor 18c each. AAA A L. 'jj
For Friday and Saturday,  . r ( V \\^B (^'JM,
each I 1 L W-3* X«^>^
\\r j p"*^ C^l
)/ S> •
barkentlne W. H. Dtmond. a gaskot
blew out of the manhole, disabling the
engines. The tug Alert came along and ;
towed the Vigilant to the wharf, where j
repairs were soon made. The Alert
then docked the Dimond.
C F. Austin, who for seven years has
boen mate of the bark Alden Besse,
will to-day take command of the
schooner Maid of Orleans, vice Captain
Arff, resigned.
POISONED THE CATS.
Charles Bone Admits That h\e Is
the Man and Is Arrested.
Detectives Graham and Sullivan, who
were detailed Wednesday by Captain
Hohen on the cat poisoning cases men
tioned in yesterday's Call exclusively,
went out to Stelner street and were not
long in discovering the offender.
J. C. Fredericks. 1612 Stelner street, told
Bohen that he suspected his next door
neighbor, Charles Bone, a clerk, and when
the detectives saw Bone he at once ac
knowledged that he had placed the poi
soned fish in his back yard with the ob
ject of killing Frederick's Maltese cats
as they were a nuisance to the neighbor
hood by destroying flowers and plants in
the gardens and keeping everybody awake
by their howling.
Yesterday Fredericks appeared in Judge
Campbell's court and swore to a com
plaint charging Bone with maliciously
killing one of his Maltese cats on the
night of January 23. Bone was arrested
by Sullivan and Graham and booked at
the City Prison. He was promptly re
leased on bonds and said he would fight
the case.
Letter From Mining
Fair Committee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 22, 1898.
Mr. Dernham, General Commercial Manager Golden
Rule Bazaar and Emporium— Dear Sir: Your proposition to
purchase from us 25,000 of our regular 25-cent tickets of
admission to the Golden Jubilee Mining Fair, which opens
in the Mechanics' Pavilion Saturday, January 29th, the
tickets to be good for any one person at any one time from
the opening of the Fair until and Inclusive of Tuesday
February 15th, has been received.
After due consideration, fully appreciating the fact that
your efforts in disposing of the same will result in advertis-
ing the Fair, we hereby accept the proposition. Yours re-
spectfully, ERNST A. DENICKE, President.
Children's Jackets ln^ s £t^
About Half Price. clearance of the new »
pretty and warm win-
. ter coats for children. These three
/§?s /j?&p lots, tight-fitting and loose backs—
fthe best bargains you ever got — on
Sg^gi^ sale tables in aisles to-day and until
sold.
1 I I V\\ For children 4to 12 years— Heavy
/ 1 l\ \ \ Warm Jackets, like picture, in. pretty
Ul\jf\ shades of green, blue, light brown and
/^XTTa*" \ dark tan— loose backs only— regularly
4^/* (v * «r^ $3- On Friday and Satur- <£ T f^r\
day, Special Price...- «4>l .09
For children 4 to 12 years— Heavy
Warm Wool Jackets— braid-trimmed—
in dust-repelling cloths of mixed •- — -Vv
brown, blue, dark tan and green — ( ) jCcji^o
price was 54. On Friday and Satur- V^Vk • *&^£r
day the Special Price <T -> -> ,-v >> ;; '1
•••••• -•••• V 2"V 2 " 39 fd&jf^K
Children's All-wool Fancy Boucle /jT~^^rT>v
Jackets and other warm cloths— green, n*V,'. i jl/
tan, brown, blue and fancy mixtures — /%**' 's r^\
large collars, braid-trimmed — price was V/{====JU»<\\ I
$7.50. On Friday and Sat- <t A -, k .?/A\ *\ X"
urday Special Price will be. 4 ) 4. ** } iff** * \*\
Children's Garments on ~t I H
Second Floor, near Elevators. • • •■
_^ ' • « #
Two Sner iak Don>t over these., if
IWU opc^iaib you are not in need of Hand-
Handkerchiefs: f^us'e."^ buy them for
Ladies' All-Linen Lace-Edged . Handkerchiefs— wide
i Valenciennes on very sheer cloth — on sale Friday T -* -
; and Saturday at each.. _ 1 C
Ladies' Scalloped Embroidered Lawn Handkerchiefs—
on sheer cloth— pretty Marie Antoinette borders— 27 dif-
, ferent styles— worth 20c — to-day and Safur- T ->i^
day each 1 <£ 3 C
■
CimrPrv ,, The sood things at small prices for
ULCJ y Friday. See the daily bulletin of specials
SnPri?llQ in the Grocery show windows. If you
,* c ' v ' iaii * cannot come downtown, use the Direct
Grocery Telephone — South 59.
Special on Friday Only.
Fancy Shredded Cocoanut, bulk, the kind you pay 20c
: and 25c for regularly, here 16c Ib. Special, two T ->~
I days, at ; 1 -&C
i-pound packages Schilling's Best Soda, each ><-
New Golden Dates, regularly 9c pound ,— _
» -• • •• • •—.■.... /C
Four-Crown Loose Muscatel Raisins, regularly ->rv
6c pound— 6 pounds- : <£} C
Special on Saturday Only.
Great values in Soap for the one day only.
8 Bars Babbitt's Soap.
6 Bars White Swan Floating Soap. • •
10 Bars Golden Rule Savon Soap.
4 Bars Sand Son p.
6 Bars i-pound Unwrapped Soap.
34 Bars for $1.00.
FINES WERE NOT
FOR MR. PASCOE
Morosco's Leading Man Re
signs His Position and Joins
the Alcazar Forces.
Assessed Two Dollars for Being I_at«
at Rehearsal, Which He Re
fused to Pay.
William Pascoe, actor, has ceased to
foil the villains that nightly drench the
Grand Opera House stage with uiood, ami
hereafter he will devote himself to the res
cue of imperiled maidens at the Alcazar.
Th« trouble was brought about by a
paltry $2 fine Imposed by the management
at Morosco's for tardiness at rehearsal,
and to which the footlight hero haughtily
refused to submit.
That, in brief, accounts for the absence
of William Pascoe. actor, from the cast
of "Brother for Brother," and explains
why Harry Mainhall was hastily sum
moned from New York by telegraph and
will assume the leading role at that place
of amusement next Monday night.
As the chief earner of plaudits Mr. Pas
coo came to fancy that well-established
rules — especially the rule requiring
prompt attendance at rehearsals — were not
for him, and gradually his morning slum
bers extended into the hour that saw his
co-workers clustered about on the gloomy
stage mechanically mumbling their lines.
Remonstrances were of no avail, and fin
ally the stage manager called attention to
the rule providing for a fine of $2 for be
ing late at rehearsal. Mr. Pascoe laughed
in scorn and said that while such rules
might do for subordinates they could nev
er be applied to him.
The manager thought differently, and
when he attempted to enforce it he was
handed Mr. Pascoe's resignation, to take
effect immediately. The resignation was
acepted and Mr. Pascoe sought and ob
tained an engagement at the Alcazar,
while Morosco engaged Mainhall to fill
the vacancy.
"Mr. Pascoe got fresh and wouldn't at
tend rehearsals or do anything else that
was required of him." i« the ivny the
treasurer of Morocco's nuts it. "He was
finea {2 for being late and refused to pay
it, so he quit."
Resisted arj Officer.
Fanny* Mather, who lives on O'Fafrell
and Mason streets, was arrested yester
day on the charge of resisting an officer.
Policeman Baxter went to the house with
a search warrant to recover some effects
that w-re In the possession of a woman
who ha? died yesterday morning. Mrs.
Mather refused to allow the officer to
search the house and was placed under
arr«st. She was rrlrwr <l on bonds.
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoifi's it, a true
beautifier , whose effects are lasting.
56
F R I D AY JANUARY 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ___
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St«.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
LDITORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Stevenson »tr»«
Telephone Main 1874.
THF SAN FRANCISCO CALt 'DAILY AND SUNDAYS Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mail $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THC WEEKLY CALL One year, by roall. $1 -50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bulldlnft
WASHINGTON < D. C. OFFICE Rifcfcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street, eorrjer Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
930 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth end Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Girl From Paris."
California— "Courted Into Court"
Alcazar— "The Arabian JCish's."
Morosco'B— "Brother for Brother. "
Tivoli— "Brian Boru."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Bneh— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co.. Saturday evening-.
Olympia, cor. Mason and Eddy streets.— Klrchner's Ladies'
Orchestra.
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets— Son* BecltaL
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Eair and Klondike Exposition,
Saturday night.
Lybeck Cycle Skating Rink— Optical Illusions.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleslde Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day, January 23, Furniture,
at 9*4 Howard Rireet, a; 11 o'clock.
By G. H. Umbsen, Monday, January 81, Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
CONCERNING THE REV. C. O. BROWN.
AS shamelessness ever merits rebuke, there is
occasion for speaking once frankly concerning
the Rev. C. O. Brown.
All men are so far from perfect that grievous
shortcomings may be overlooked, more especially if
followed by repentance. The bopk from which
Brown still has the presumption to select texts
teaches that only the one without sin has a right to
cast a stone at the offender. But a minister of the
Gospel stands on a different plane. He is supposed
to be qualified to point out the way of salvation to
others, and when he descends from the pulpit to revel
in wickedness he makes of his high calling a mock
ery and a scoffing. Therefore Brown is not exempt
from correction by decency either in or out of the
church.
The man appears to have no good in him. So
far as may be judged by his record and his present
attitude he is a moral pervert as incapable of genuine
remorse as was Durrant, and with egotism as mon
strous. From the time he was first exposed as a
hypocrite there has been in his conduct no gleam
of a noble nature, no hint of a generour- sorrow.
Throughout his trial he lied, sometimes with unction,
sometimes with a venom undisguised. And at the
end he deliberately sent abroad false reports of the
result, a crime which he later repeated at Chicago.
Before the mask had been torn from him Brown
pursued a course which could only have been ac
tuated by depravity the most shocking. He gath
ered about him a brood of evil women, taking one
of these into his domestic circle, her presence there
being an unspeakable insult to his wife. These
women he dared to address as "sisters" in assem
blages where people had gathered to worship God.
called upon them to pray, openly clasped them by the
hand. Then meeting outside he plotted with them
how his deeds might be covered. He did not hesi
tate to slander the innocent, nor did he stay his wan
ton tongue when the grave had closed over two of
them. With a blasphemy appalling and disgusting
he even ascribed their taking-off to the wrath of the
Almighty exercised in his behalf. Now, after there
is no longer question of his guilt he "confesses."
To what?
The so-called confession is only another of the
long list of Brown deceptions. It is really an attempt
at self-glorification. By implication it tries to convey
the impression that although Brown was not wholly
innocent, he had been far more sinned against than
sinning. It speaks of "a deep and malignant con
spiracy against his home." He knows that no such
conspiracy ever existed; he knows that people arc
aware of this knowledge on his part. The charge
comes with ill grace from a man who had deliberately
sullied that home by installing within its walls as
favorite a creature of the streets. There is naught in
the confession indicating regret; its abjectness has
no ring of sincerity, its promises are hollow. It is
not what it purports to be. It is a palpable sham.
a crowning infamy born of a character wholly barren
of the elements tending to respond to an impulse
toward reform. Yet this man calmly proposes still
to serve a cause to which he is more than a reproach.
He has become a stench in the nostrils.
If Brown were an ordinary scoundrel caught in his
guilt he would have seized upon the chance to slink
from the gaze of men. Realizing that he had yielded
to temptation, he would at the first awakening of his
better nature have deserted the pulpit he had made
unclean, nor thought boldly of demanding the privi
lege of returning. Rather in solitude would he have
supplicated not alone to be forgiven, but forgotten,
and upon his bowed head have heaped the dust of
abasement. His contrition he would have showed in
good works and mayhap have won his way anew
into esteem. Brown did none of this. He had no
better nature to awaken. With a lie on his lips he
sought other fields, and with another lie he comes
back, unblushing, unrcgenerate.
Now let him go or let him stay; this paper is
through with Brown.
There is some curiosity to know why the United
States has not the same right to have a ship at Ha
vana that any other nation has. Spain is not looked
upon as the dictator of this country.
Bunko men caught trying to rob people bound for
the Klondike ought to be sentenced to a term of
years in that region and forced to spend it in packing
goods over the trails for honest folk.
People who are induced to buy brass jewelry at
gold rates cannot be regarded as astute, but in mak
ing their trouble known they earn the right to be
classed as heroic.
The proposition to reduce the mail carrier service
of San Francisco does not excite anything which the
authorities at Washington can possibly construe into
•nthusiasm
IMPROVEMENTS IN OAKLAND.
AN Oakland correspondent assumes an attitude of
regret that The Call is opposed to public im
provements in that city, in the Hue of parks,
boulevards and other betterments and blandishments
which are public in the sense of being at the cost of
the whole city. Some recent remarks printed over
the signature of our Oakland reporter are quoted as
conclusive of the policy of this paper.
It seems hardly necessary to say that the corre
spondent is entirely in error. The Call has re
cently indicated in the plainest and strongest way its '
desire to assist Oakland in this very line of improve
ments, and that policy is not changeable by the
passing opinions of a reporter whose contacts im
pressed him with the feeling that the people are not
unanimous in their enthusiasm for a spirited public
policy.
What we did and do deprecate is that every rising
tide of public spirit in Oakland and elsewhere is
taken advantage of to float some speculation in real
estate.
This was evidently the case in Oakland. When the
filling in of the fetid marsh, which is the city's front
door, at Sixteenth street station, had progressed so
far as to impress the people as a long needed im
provement of vast benefit to the city, there origin
ated a strong public feeling in favor of acquiring as
much of it as possible for conversion into a park.
Turning to the account of the celebration of this fill
ing by a flag-raising on the marsh, we find that the
Mayor in a speech declared in favor of such acquisi
tion and the applause manifested the universal ap
probation.
With this policy, favorable to a long and much
needed public improvement abroad, the speculator
soon appeared. Every agent of a ranch within a
half day's drive of the city began to declaim upon its
fitness for a park. Land on the mountain tops on
the line of Contra Costa County was extolled as the
only fit place for an Oakland park. Other land far
beyond the city limits and adjoining the cemetery
was presented as another "garden set eastward in
Eden."
The energy of the speculators was demonstrated in
a petition for the purchase of a ranch seven miles
beyond the city limits, signed by four times as many
people as put their names to any other petition.
In addition to these fantastic evidences of an ef
fort to pull the people around by the nose was the
course of one Oakland paper. When it seemed
probable that the Council would select a tract differ
ent from the one it favored it insisted that no ground
should be purchased except by condemnation. When
the Council seemed to turn toward the tract favored
by the same paper it ceased suddenly and entirely to
advocate condemnation.
All of these signs are so plain that no observer
mistakes them, and if the Council shall succeed in
spite of the pressure of selfish interests, and threats
that a yellow newspaper in San Francisco will burn
it up if it favor any but one tract, in presenting a
proposition that combines and reconciles public and
not private interests, no support will be heartier than
The Call'?.
As we have said heretofore, no plan for public im
provements in that city which omits the comprehen
sive reclamation and parking of the West Oakland
marsh will be worth considering. No city in the
State has a better location for a level park than that.
It commands the bay and the mountains in an en
chanting perspective, and if laid in lawn spaces,
flecked with foliage forms and brightened with
flowers it will help the whole State and be of such
interest to San Francisco as a sort of verdant ves
tibule that rich people in this city will not be ap
pealed to in vain to aid in its decoration.
BOOKS FOR THE PEOPLE.
AMONG the local items of the smaller papers of
the interior there are frequent announcements
of entertainments of one form and another
given for the purpose of raising money to purchase
books for reading circles or to lay the foundations of
free circulating libraries. These items attest the
eagerness of persons who live in remote districts to
obtain the advantages of a library, and afford con
clusive proof of the benefit that would result from the
establishment in this State of the traveling library
system.
, The plan projected for the proposed traveling li
braries is simple and inexpensive. The first step is
to be the formation of library associations through
out the State. These need not be large. A dozen
responsible property holders is sufficient to organize
maintain one, and there is hardly any community
in California so small that it cannot furaeh a library
membership to that extent.
For the use of these associations the State is to
furnish out of its many volumes at Sacramento a
series of libraries containing from fifty to one hun
dred books each. These are to be sent from one as
sociation to another, each association paying the
freight charges and guaranteeing the preservation of
the books and their return to the State. The asso
ciation may restrict the use of the books to its own
members or may circulate them generally as it
pleases. When one set of books has been read it is
packed in the case provided for it and forwarded to
another association, while a new set is received in ex
change.
The plan has been put to the test of practice in
several States in the East and has been found bene
ficial in every respect. It is the most economical
way of providing standard works for the general mass
of leaders in rural communities, and is the only way
to make a State library accessible to the great ma
jority of the taxpayers who support it.
The papers of the interior which are giving so
much kindly notice to the entertainments undertaken
among their readers to establish libraries and
reading circles should direct attention to the travel
ing library system. It is far superior in every way to
the old form of making small collections of books in
each sparsely settled community, inasmuch as it pro
vides such communities with new books as fast as
desired and gives a far wider choice to select from.
No State in the Union has a greater need for trav
eling libraries than California, since few States are so
thinly settled, and in none are the people more in
telligent or more given to the habit of reading and
studying standard works. In the State library at
Sacramento there is a splendid store of volumes from
which to draw the proposed sets of books for State
circulation. The cost of putting the plan into prac
tice would be little, and if a general rtemand is made
for it the next Legislature can be counted on to pro
vide it.
There will be few objections to war with Spain or
anything else if the yellow editors will only agree to
enlist.
An evening paper states that a certain man "sui
cided," but no dictionary in the land will uphold the
verdict
THE SAX FR.YXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
NO CHANCE FOR A CONTRACT.
THE Mission street Boodler, with a confidence
which only could arise from a long and intimate
acquaintance with Colonel Mazuma, informs its
readers that it has "no water works for sale, no axes
to grind and no interests to serve but those of the
people." This is interesting but not news. Every intel
ligent person in the State of California knows that the
Boodler does not deal in "water works," "axes" or
''interests " Its business is confined entirely to get
ting "advertising" contracts out of corporations. In
these contracts it agrees for a stipulated sum to main
tain such attitude toward its victims as will enable
them to apparently overcome its opposition.
The famous Southern Pacific $30,000 contract was
of this character. Under that agreement the Boodler
was to receive $1000 a month for thirty months in
consideration of which it offered during that period
to refrain from criticizing the railroad monopoly ex
cept in so far as criticism was necessary to maintain
its character of a sand lot sheet. The thirty months
covered a State campaign and two Legislatures, and
the contract was consequently equivalent to two and
a half years of editorial silence upon the material
"interests" of the Southern Pacific Company.
Who will say that this is not more profitable than
selling water works, grinding axes or serving the "in
terests" of the people? Who would expect a sheet
like the Boodler to waste its time on such trivialities
when it can get $1000 a month for serving the
Southern Pacific? It should be remembered that al
though the subject of this famous $30,000 contract
was "advertising," the railroad monopoly never ad
vertised. The Boodler never took the trouble to earn
the money. All it did was to keep dark and on the
first of each and every month promptly present its
voucher for $1000.
The Call has at least one good reason for protest
ing against the entry of the Mission street Boodler
into the Los Angeles water fight. The influence of
the Boodler, so thoroughly are its motives under
stood, works in an inverse ratio to the square of the
object upon which it is exerted. That is, the people
always "copper" it. If the Boodler were to say that
the sun shines it would be a safe bet that the orb of
day was under a cloud. So in the Los Angeles water
fight, even if the Boodler did not succeed in getting
a fat "advertising" contract out of the corporation
which is endeavoring to purloin the water works of
that city, it could do nothing but harm. Were it to
espouse the people's interest an inquiry would have
to be undertaken immediately to determine whether
somebody had not blundered in organizing the fight
tc recover the water plant.
We trust the Boodler will perceive the extreme
propriety of keeping out of this affair. There is no
chance to get an "advertising" contract, and any
attempt it may make to break in can only result in
confusion. The Boodler for the present should con
fine itself to scandal, crime, lying and faking. In
those lines it has no competitor.
CALIFORNIA IN CONGRESS.
LJ P to date there have been received by The Call
I 151 bills introduced into the House of Repre
sentatives by members of the California delega
tion. They include nearly all bills by California Rep
resentatives presented to the House at this session,
and make a comparatively full showing of the ob
jects to which the energies of our Congressmen are
directed.
Almost exactly half the total number are pension
measures in one form or another, and of these by far
the greater number are private pension bills. The
list stands thus: Twenty-eight bills relating to na
tional affairs, eleven to public improvements in Cali
fornia, twelve to general Californian interests, twenty
five to private claims, fifty-eight to private pensions,
fifteen for the removal of records of desertion, and
two pension bills of a general nature.
All the bills to remove records of desertion are
\irtually pension bills, as the object of removing the
charge is simply to render the applicant eligible for
a pension. Of the two general pension bills one pro
vides that all soldiers who served in both the Mexican
and the Civil wars shall be entitled to a pension of
$^4 per month, widows and minor children of such
veterans being included. The other provides a pen
sion for all enlisted men or appointed petty officer?
of the navy who have served for thirty years and have
reached fifty years of age.
Of the twelve bills affecting the general interests
-J California the most important are bills providing
for the preservation of timber in Yosemite Park, to
locate roadways to the park, to provide for the ex
amination and classification of mineral lands, the im
provement of the San Joaquin and Sacramento rivers,
and to reimburse the State for money expended dur
ing the Civil War.
Among the appropriations asked for particular dis
tricts are $100,000 for a Government building in Ala
meda, $350,000 for a building in Oakland, $1,000,000
for a gun factory at Benicia, $50,000 for a postoffice
at Woodland, $50,000 for Grass Valley, $150,000 for
Eureka, $40,000 for Santa Rosa, and an increase of
$175,000 in the amount appropriated for a Govern
ment building at Stockton, making the aggregate cost
$250,000.
Of the bills relating to national affairs the more
notable are Mr. Loud's measures for reform in the
postal service and for the establishment of a cable
between the United States, Hawaii and Japan; Mr.
Maguirc's, to establish a postal telegraph system:
Mr. Barham's. to create an executive department of
mines and mining, and an extraordinary one by Mr.
Parlow providing for the collection of an income
tax, an inheritance tax and the organization of the
unemployed into an industrial army of the United
States.
Taken as a whole, the bills make a good showing
for the work of the delegation. The proportion of
private claims and private pensions is not large when
compared with similar bills presented by members of
other States. The interests of the State generally arc
being well looked after, and if proper support is
given to the efforts that are being made at Washing
ton we may reasonably expect good results from the
work of the session.
The soldiers of the German army are, it is said,
to be armed with guns bearing the inscription. "The
King's Last Argument." But there may be some
strong debaters on the other side.
Since the Evening Bunko U forced to take back
most it says, the wisdom on its part of refraining
from saying anything suggests itself to all but the
Bunko.
The Chicago Record .furnishes an example of the
chemistry of oratory in this paragraph relating to
the northwestern orator who reels off choice rhetoric
at the rate of 20Q. words a minute: James Ham
ilton Lewis of the State of Washington In his
Bpeech yesterday begged the members of the House
of Representatives to "respect the blood-bleached
bones of your ancestors."
THE TOTAL SOLAR ECLIPSE.
The announced success of the eclipse
observations in India has awakened an
interest that cannot be fully satisfied
until further details arrive by mall, but
from the few facts sent much can be In
ferred.
The ethereal and beautiful corona, the
chief mystery of the sun's surroundings,
has been photographed in a manner never
before accomplished, and the picture re
ceived will remain a historic relic, in
creasing In value as the centuries pass.
The accounts compare the form of the
solar aureole on this occasion to those of
August, ISB6. and August, 1896, shown in
Urn illustration, but the extensions were
equatorial, as in the well remembered
eclipse of ISS9, which was visible here.
Such an outline was particularly adapted
to test the admirable invention of Pro
fessor Burckhalter of the Chabot Ob
servatory.
The difficulty with previous coronal
pictures was that the denser inner lumi
nosity was overexposed and consequently
blurred while awaiting the impress of the
outer and fainter streamers. Sometimes
the latter were photographed piecemeal
and attached partly by conjecture after
ward to pictures of the inner details.
Corona of August, 1886. Corona of August, 1896.
WHICH RESEMBLED THAT OBSERVED IN INDIA JANUARY 22, 1898.
gained by a short exposure of the plate.
To remedy this drawback Professor Burck
halter has devised an ingenious instru.
ment that allows an exposure, graduated
by means of rapidly revolving screens, to
suit the different degrees of luminosity.
The true structure of the fantastic forms
can thus be traced from the solar limb to
the verge of Invisibility.
William M. Plereon, who provided funds
for this experiment, is to be congratu
lated on his insight in aiding such a valu
able scientific advance. In accordance
with It. no doubt, the preparations for
the eclipse of 1900 will be conducted, for
tin- k< nius of Charles Burckhalter has
opened a new era in eclipse photography.
But Californian triumphs do not end
here. It is to be interred from the word-
Ing of the cablegram from the Lick Ob
servatory expedition that the existence
of the reversing layer (a spectroscopic
name given to the portion of the chromo
sphere that rests on the solar surface) is
11 orrtainty. Unless me necessary brevity
of the dispatch obscures the meaning,
Profesor Campbell corroborates the views
of C. A. Young of Princeton, that the
sun is enveloped in dens? flamellke gases,
that, to a dtpth of about 600 miles, gleam
THE CALL AND THE CITY OF OAKLAND.
Editor Call: Your paper, owing to Its
extended circulation, can materially aid
or Injure this city, and it is a matter of
regret that your local correspondent, who
Is held In high esteem here. Is not more
In sympathy with that element of our
citizenship which is earnestly engaged in
an effort to lift Oakland out of a rut and
place her In her proper place in the list
of Western cities. In the development of
a public spirit in connection with the pro
posed purchase of park lands The Call Is
In position to prove an Important factor,
but it has been evident for some time
that your correspondent has not shared
the enthusiasm felt on that subject by
thousands of the progressive men and
women In this city. In to-day's paper he
says:
"Next Monday night if the City Council
can read the trend of public opinion it
will entertain and pass a resolution to
lay the whole park matter on the table.
There Is no desire for a park and never
was. The people have not asked for one
and do not seem to appreciate the fact
that the controversy arose when a real
estate man offered to sell a large tract to
the city for a generous price. Then every
other real estate dealer who had any kind
of an old section to dispose of called it a
tract, gave a free picnic to the grounds
and generously offered It for sale at any
number of prices. The proceeding has
been a farce from beginning to end. and
has now become so ridiculous that its
further discussion is beneath the dignity
of the city government. Anybody tha"t
thinks the people of this city will vote
bonds- for half-a-million dollars' worth of
schemes and jobs Is pitifully Ignorant of
the truth. Oakland is ready for the next
bubble.
All of which is calculated to give to
your readers generally— and especially
those In other sections of the country
with whom Oakland Is particularly de
sirous of appearing to good advantage—
the Impression that this Is an unenter
prising community, absolutely devoid of
public spirit and occupied with chasing
bubbles. The "controversy" In regard to
parks did not arise "when a real estate
man offered to sell a largo tract of land
to the city for a generous price." A year
and a half ago the Board of Trade ap
pointed a committee of five to take the
matter under consideration, and through
Its chairman, E. C. Sessions, secured an
Immense amount of practical informa
tion by correspondence with park com
missioners and park superintendent in
many of the leading cities of the country
Partial reports were made by this com
mittee at various times, and discussions
had at meetings of the Board of Trade
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
W. J. Blinn, a large merchant of San
Jose, Is at the Lick.
William Rule, a mining man of Dutch
Flat, is at the Russ.
F. L. Lusk, a leading lawyer of Chlco
is staying at the Palace.
8. S. Bradford, a capitalist of Sonora
is at the Russ with his wife.
8. E. Wren, a prominent business man
of Portland, is registered at the Grand.
F. F. Dwyer, a Sacramento bank presi
dent, is among the guests at the Palace.
J. C. Kemp Van Ec, a celebrated Eng
lish mining expert, is a guest at the Pal
ace.
J. V. Snider, a large real estate man of
Nevada City, is at the Grand with Mrs
Snider.
J. J. Birmingham, a wealthy mining
man of Tracy, Is one of the late arrivals
at the Baldwin.
8. T. Black, State Superintendent of
Instruction, was one of yesterday's ar
rivals at the Lick.
E. H. Smith, a globe-trotter from Han
ley, Eng., is at the Occidental on his way
through the State.
State Senator A. J. McCone of Virginia
City, New. is at the Occidental, accom
panied by Mrs. McCone,
P. Sweed. one of the most widely known
merchants of Petaluma, is registered at
out in a bright line spectrum for a few j
moments at the edge of the sun, the in
stant the white disk is obscured by the
moon. This Is what is meant by the
spectrum of the flash, mentioned in one
dispatch. The spectrum is changed or re
versed from comparatively dark lines to
bright lines wnen seen apart from the
glowing background of the sun's surface.
No less an authority than Sir Norman
Lockyer (recently knighted during the i
Victorian Jubilee for his spectroscopic at- j
tainments) has questioned the correct- j
ness of this theory. However, though he !
went to India equipped with a larger
prism in front of his six-inch object-glass
than has been before used during an
eclipse, the announcement of his su< «ss
ful observations is non-committal on the j
subject. There is little doubt but that
valuable photographs of the chromo- i
sphere and prominences have been also
obtained, and when developed and com- j
pared much Information will be fortheom- ]
ing on the subjects which the expeditions i
went forth to investigate. These includ- j
cd. besides the ehromospheric phenom
ena and the outline of the corona, an In- •
vestigatlon as to Its relative brightness,
Its rotation and the matter of which it \
is composed. In such researches Profes
sor Campbell, chief of the I,ick Observa
tory party, is especially skillful; but he
has also obtained photographs of the in
ner corona with the same forty-foot tele
scope so efficiently used by Professor
Schaeberle in 1893 in Chile.
The marvelous aerole that glimmered ;
above the shadowed tracts of India for a j
brief two minutes has not-, then, flitted j
by as a mere vision of beauty. Seldom, if '<
ever, have so many efficient equipments |
been conveyed to a strange clime, despite I
the rumors of plague, famine and political j
disturbance, and been favored with ciear j
weather in so many localities at once, i
Foremost in the band of scientific, travel
en are the Californian astronomers, with I
their unique instruments, their h6pe, their |
skill and their endurance; and foremost,
no doubt, will be the result of their ob
st-rvatlons.
The announcement of their success
seems strangely opportune in this jubilee
week, as if the jfleam of the corona was
needed to complete the significant cele
bration of the progress of the Golden
State from a few scattered mining camps
to a center of civilization and intellectual
attainment. ROSE O'HALLORAN.
Prices were also obtained on various
suitable tracts of land.
About five months ago a proposition
was made direct by the owner to the
Council to sell the city a tract of 276 acres
of land for $360,000. The Council appointed
a committee to take this proposition under
advisement and to ask for proffers of
land from other property owners. This
committee appointed a half dozen leading:
real estate men to serve, in an advisory
capacity. In regard to prices and author
ized them to act in conjunction with the
Board of Trade park committee and a liko
body appointed by the Merchants' Ex
change, the result being that proffers of
land were secured from nearly a dozen
owners of property suitable for park pur
poses, which sites were inspected by these
three committees, acting in concert, and
a carefully prepared report as to their
respective merits was presented to the
Council committee. Later conference
meetings were held by delegates selected
from niae local organizations and the
subject fully discussed, these organiza
tions representing all portions of the city,
with a combined membership of probably
2000. At these meetings there was no di
vision of sentiment as to the value of
parks as a factor in a city's growth or
of the importance of prompt action In
this regard being taken by Oakland while
desirable sites may be obtained at a
reasonable outlay. In all of the proceed
ings real estate men have shown public
spirit of the highest order, freely giving
their time, experience and service to fur
thering the object in view, and in no in
stance obtruding their private interests
or appearing as the advocates of any
particular site.
Favored by nature to a remarkable de
gree, Oakland's prosperity, or the lack of
It, depends entirely upon her citizens. I
was in Los Angeles this month and was
amazed to see what the wideawake resi
dents of that city have accomplished in
a pcrrtion of the State far Inferior to this
in natural advantages and attractions.
"What is needed here is a fostering and
encouragement of the disposition recently
manifested in various ways to develop
local advantages, improve local resources
make the city attractive, and invite en
terprising people from all the corners of
the earth to come and see us, with a cei-.
tainty that when they come they will be
so favorably impressed that they will de
cide to Join with us in building here a
great city.
Will not The Call aid In this worthy
purpose? JOHN T. BELL
Oakland, Jan. 22.
the Lick, where he will remain until the
conclusion of the jubilee celebration.
\V. C. Parker, a vlneyardist and fruit
raiser of Kenwood, is to be seen at the
Grand for the next few days.
Ever since Mayor
Phelan first
crossed swords
with the Spring
Valley he has
had trouble with
the aquatic ele-
A UNIQUE t
ORCHESTRAL f
DEPARTURE +
ment. First he
erected a beautiful fountain that should
serve to allay the thirst of the weary
wayfarer of the future and perpetuate
his name by telling generations yet un
born of the grandeur that was San Fran
cisco's and the glory that was Phelan's.
The fountain was a magnificent success
that needed only one thing to make it
perfect; that one thing was water.
Now, Mr. Phelan Is building a theater
on a portion of his San Jose property
and, realizing the' Sahara-like thirst that
consumes the average, theatrical musi
cian, he has provided for future emer
gencies by following the example of an
other leader of men, Moses, and has
smote the rock directly on the site of
the prospective theater's orchestra, and,
behold, a natural spring has gushed forth.
Charles P. Hall, the future lessee of the
theater, who is in the city at present, is
somewhat worried as to hjow he will
arrange his orchestra when the building
Is finally completed; several plans have
been suggested to him such as building
a fancy float to cover the watery spare,
providing the musicians with life pre
servers and rubber suits, hiring a marine
band, and one artistic individual has sent
in a letter suggesting: that the space be
left as a pond which shall be stocked
with gold fish and bordered with flowery
paths and used as a promenade between
acts. The most feasible plan and the
one which will probably be adopted is to
organize an orchestra composed of Demo
cratic politicians who can render their
selections while floating on their own se'.f
esteem.
J. J. McConnell. one of the best known
and most public spirited citizens of Wood
land, is a guest at the Baldwin.
E. F. Finley of the Santa Rosa Press-
Democrat is down here on a pleasure
trip and is staying at the California.
Clarence Urmy, a well-known society
man of San Jose, is up at the city on a
business trip. He is staying at the Cali
fornia.
E. L. Mumford. a millionaire of Provi
dence, R. 1., is one of the arrivals on
last night's overland who went to the Oc
cidental.
J. C. Ruddock, a trustee of the State
Asylum at X'kiah. has come down to the
city from that place and is stopping at
the Grand.
Samuel J. Rudd»ll underwent a serious
operation yesterday morning, which will
confine him to his bed for several weeks.
The operation was performed by Drs. D.
F. Easton and J. J. Morrisy.
Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster will speak before
the San Francisco Child Study Club this
afternoon at the club's regular weekly
meeting, in the parlors of tne Occidental.
Her address will be supplementary of
that of last meeting, on the moral edu
cation of children.
"U". Crawford, a merchant of New
York, Charles H. "Wrught, a prominent
business man of Elkhart, Ind., and C. R.
Russel. the agent for the Western Sugar
Refinery for all the territory west of the
Missouri, are in the city together on a
visit to the coast, combining business
with pleasure. They are registered at
the Palace.
A lady in the city
has a young
hopeful of ten
years of age who
is at present in
the country on a
WHY MAMMA
WANTED
THOMAS HOME
visit to the ranch
•»•••«««....»» of one of hi 3
uncles. Yesterday her husband received
the following letter from the youngster;
it had evidently been prepared with con
siderable care and shows a rfipid pro
gress in worldrly wisdom from association
with his somewhat pessimistic relative:
Mi' dear papa:
I have been down here nearly two wpeks and
am having a {rood time. A horse kicked me
yesterday on the hand and broke one of my
fingers. I aint going to walk on the same end
of that horse any more. Uncle Ned says
horses la different from men because they can
only kick one way.
I climed the high olive tree three times and
fell down twice, the last time a wasi-s west
broke my fall, the hired man's boy fell with
me but he lit on tor>. I dont like vasps aa
much as I did. Uncle told me that when I
(rot older I would find that stings hurt worse
when a fellow is down than when he aint.
I found a giant oatrldge that some workmen
left In the quarry, but uncle took It away from
me and would not let me see It go off. He said
that If I played with many of them I « iuld
not see mamma again until I met her in a
place where only very young boys and very
old women ever go. He said you would not be
there.
Give my love to the baby. Uncle says he dont
like boy bab'.es because they are young and
never grow out of It. but girls is different.
I ho»>e you and mamma are well and will
think of me when you get this letter. Tour
loving son. THOMAS.
Thomas has been telegraphed for by his
mother.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— H. C. Downs,
San Francisco, Raleigh; H. J. Chapman,
San Francisco, St. James. Mr. and Mrs.
Jacob Wollner of San Francisco, who
have been at the Arlington for a few
days, left for home to-night.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— J. E. Alexander
of San Francisco is at the Grand Hotel.
and Dr. W. A. Hendryx of Los Angeles
is at the Murray Hill Hotel.
AGRARIANS AND THEIR BUGS.
And now the German agrarians have
found a new danger lurking in an Ameri
can product. The Agricultural Society
of Berlin has addressed a memorial to
the Government requesting the exclu
sion of American fruit, trees and
shrubs because they are infected with the
San Jose bug, "which," say the memori
alists, "is a constant danger to German
fruit-growers." It is wonderful how
many of the inflictions, under which, if
real, our agriculturists would be weighed
down, are first brought to our notice by
the lynx-eyed Germans. — Philadelphia
Record.
Townsend's peanut taffy, best in world.*
. ♦ .
Broken hoarhound 15c Ib, Townsend's.*
■ ♦ .
A choice — Townsend's Cal. Glace
Fruits. 50c It).', in fire etched boxes. '• ■
.-».
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>, 510 Mont
gomery 6t. Tel. Main 1042. •
VIRGINIA LEADS IN REFORM.
Virginia seems to be furnishing the
freak legislation this year. Beginning
with an anti-football bill, it has provided
an act to prohibit flirting and another to
tax bachelors. But for originality and
enterprise the newest one is most re
markable. It provides for the creation of
colonels by legal process, at the low price
of $1 a head, and with the single condi
tion that the applicant take an anti
dueling oath. — St. Paul Pioneer Press.
"Mrs. WSnslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for thetr children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Co'.lc, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. Be a bottle.
CORONAPO.- Atmosphere la perfectly dry.
soft and mild, bein* entirely free from the
mist?: common further north. Round trip
tickets by steamship. Including flfteon days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay. $2 60 P er dajr - Apply * New Montgomery
street. San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mana
ger, Hotel del Coronado. late of Hotel Colo
rado. Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
LOOKS WELL AT LONG RANGE
Some Klondike enthusiast writes that
winter is the pleasantest season of the
Alaskan year. It is not, however, to be
numbered among the pleasures that are
fleeting.— Globe-Democrat.
NEW TO-DAY. '
WHY is it that the
great Missionary
Societies supply to
their missionaries
abroad ROYAL
Baking Powder
exclusively?MALONEY'S
CHARGES WELL
VENTILATED
The Grand Jury Hears
xhe Recorder's
Ex-Copyist.
Accusations That War
rants Were Raised for
Glynn's Benefit.
One Member of the Grand Jury,
a Broker, Is Called as
a Witness.
EMPLOYES ARE SILENT.
The Recorder Will Be Given an
Opportunity to Defend
Himself.
The rharerr-s made by John O. Ma
loney, formerly a copyist in the Record
er's office, against Recorder Thomas J.
JULIUS JACOBS AND HART H. NORTH. APPOINTED TO FILL FEDERAL OFFICES.
Julius Jacobs of thin city has been nominated by President IfcKlnley to b^ Assistant Treasurer of the United
States in San Francisco, and Hart H. North has been named local Commissioner of Immigration. Julius
Jacobs is a business man of many years' Btanding In this city, and for years was agent of th.- Germania I Ife In
surance Company. He is at present manager of the Thuringia Insurance Company and has held many positions of
trust during bis career on this coast. Mr. North is a weli-known public man and was an A««=emblyman repre
senting Alameda Connty but a short time ago. He served with particular distinction during the last two sessions
of that body and is now well known among the legal lights of the coast. At present he is engaged in the practice of
his profession, the law.
Glynn were given an airing before the
Grand Jury yesterday.
Maloney charged that the demands of
certain copyists were made out for
anounts greater than they had earned
and that the Recorder receives the dif
ference between what was due and
what was collected. At the time that
the accusations were first made Re
corder Glynn denied the charges, and
stated that Maloney was actuated by
a spirit of malice when he made them;
that he was fingered because he was
laid off to give some other man a
chance to make a few dollars, and that
an investigation would show the falsi
ty of the accusations.
Mr. (.ilynn was not called yesterday
to defend his position, but the jury has
evidently determined to sift the mat
ter to the bottom. Maloney was called,
as were a number of copyists who he
had stated would verify his accusa
NEW TO-DAY.
BloodT
ft 
' Humors
■Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Cctkcbi
Soap, gentle anointings with Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
Of CunccEA Resolvent, greatest of blood,
purifiers and humor cures.
©ticura
Ii mid thrntich-Mjt the world. Ftrrn Dmro ins Cue*.
Cosr.. Po!>! Prop*.. Boston.
CO* " Ho» lo Cure r v ■ r ? Blood Hunior," free.
I H\fSi nUiflUrlO i»l.<-» curijd tjr Cl-ticxk*. Blrm-
vrlu nUITIUnO i-.:. • <- ..- v i hj Cimw We**
f TASTES LIKE CREAM.
ff Cures CONSUMPTION, COUGHS.
COLDS, BRONCHITIS. DEBILITY.
WASTING DISEASES, ASTHMA.
INFLUENZA. SCROFULOUS HUMOUS, ETC..
by building up the wasted tissues and focd(nff
the over- worked nerves in such a manner that
after using. HEALTH IS THfc NATURAL
-RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
' Physicians prescribe it. All good druggists
Bell it. Ask for "WILBOR'S," and take no
other.
N. B.— Beware of Imitations. This article Is
the oldest of its kind In the market. Many
try to make a remedy "just at. Eood,"' but
none succeed.
tinn?, and also other employes of the
department.
Maloney's testimony was in substance
the same as given in a communication j
to the Board of Supervisors asking for |
an Investigation, which he sent some
time ago.
He said it was a notorious fact about
the Recorder's office that warrants
were raised, and that some one. pre
sumably Mr. Glynn, benefited by the
transaction. His testimony was not
definite as to dates and amounts, but
he swore positively that he knew such
matters had occurred.
Solomon Kampe, who is a member of
the Grand Jury, and who is also the
broker who cashes a large number of
the Recorder's department warrants,
left the Jury room when the case was
taken up, and later was called as a
witness. He testified to having cashed
B large number of demands, some for
large amounts and some for small' but
was not able to'thrc-w any light on the
matter the Jury desires to r*'ach.
Copyists Bllvey, Clark and Hender
son, who were relied upon by Maloney
to bear out his statements, were asked
regarding th<ir knowledge of the trans
actions mentioned, but were decidedly
non-committal. They did not specify
anything that would bear out Ifalon
i y's charges, nor v.;ip their testimony
/favorable to the Recorder. It was
brought out during their examination
that a number of collections had been
taken up in the office, but these were
understood to be voluntary contribu
tions from the employes to assist the
Recorder in making his fight for a
four-year term at the time the tenure
of office of a number of public officials
was before the Supreme Court.
The Jury adjourned without having
taken any action in the matter, and
will hear farther testimony on Thurs
day next, when Recorder Glynn will
probably be given an opportunity to tell
his version of the story.
A RECEPTION AND SOCIAL.
California Commandery Mak.es
Merry at the Native Sons' Hall.
The reception and social pivon by the
drill corps of the- California Commander?
No. l. Knlphts Templar, at the Native
Sons' Hall last evening was in every way
a success. The main hall, in which the
were held, was beautifully dec
orated and the stage was covered with
palms and potted plants.
The literary, vocal and Instrumental ex
* refses embraced a wen-selected pro
gramme, which was furnished by Ben
nett'a orchestra. Miss Xena Roberts, Mrs.
I, lda Jilckok, D. M. Lawrence, Misst-s
Theresa and Lily Sherwood, Mme. Alice
Waltz, Mr. Sandy, L. A. Larsen. Cali
fornia Commandery quartet and \v. v.
Rogers. The music was under the direc
tion of Alfred A. Batkin.
At the close of the programme the drill
corps gave an interesting drill under the
efficient command of Captain R. P.
llurlbut. Twenty-four members nf the
corps in evening dress and bearing foils
participated in this drill. A very pleas
ing and novel entertainment was next
given by several experts uf the corps
with foils. Dancing followed. During the
,X light refreshments were served
and the pleasure and gayety of the oc
casion were kept up until a late hour.
The following were the committees in
charge:
Arrangements — R. P. llurlbut, J. P.
Frus. p and W. 11. F. Titus.
Floor— Dr. O. F. WestphaJ. J. S. Ewing,
Banford I'lummer. J. C. Crooks. T. N.
Nichols, <;. H. Newman, G. H."Siel><-. H.
L. Day, A. K. Morrow and E. K. Chap
man.
Reception— John Tonningscn. C. Bone,
C. \v. Eredale. R. 11. Morrow, O. H. Dyer,
J. F. Clark. C. \\\ Taber, \V. R. Jo«t, H.
J'.. Ream, H. AscrOft, S. Warburton. H.
w. wvstphai. J. F. Riiey. j. McCrossan,
O. J. Humphreys and P. P. Dall.
Entertainment— A. A. Barkit. E. G.
Uacßain, <;. W. Bennett, R. W. Smith,
D. M. Lawrence and L. A. Larsen.
Not Authorized by Law.
The judgment of the Superior Court of
Yuba County was upheld yesterday by
the Supreme Court in the case of A. C.
Irwin against that county. At the time
of the debris troubles Yuba. Sutter, Sac
ramento, Colusa, Glenn. Tehama. Yolo
and Solano counties banded together for
the alleged purpose of protection from
the dangers of hydraulic mining. Irwin
was a Supervisor in Yuba County, and
while attending the Anti-Debris conven
tion neid in Sacramento, expended money
for traveling and other necessary ex
penses. His hill amounted to about J3OO
which was favorably passed by the Board
of Supervisors. The Auditor refused to
draw a warrant for the same, holding
that the statutes did not authorize thil
expenditure. The lower court sustained
this decision and the Supreme Court sus
tained that of the lower court.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mr?. Annie K. Hul.be]] filed suit for a
divorce apainst her husband, George A
HubbeU. yesterday. As a cause of action
the plaintiff alleges cruelty. Repina Wil
liams has applied for a divorce from
H«57 C. Williams on the ground Tf
habitual intemperance.
Announcement is made that Mrs.
Elanca Paulsen, sister of F. W. Dohr
mann, has an interest in the firm of
Nathan. Dohrmann & Co., from Tan
vary 1. 1898.
Will Contest Dismissed.
The contest to the last will of Sarah
Jenks being admitted to probate was dis
missed yesterday by Judge Slack The
dismissal was made on a motion of the
attorney representing the contestants
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
SUPERVISORS
ASKED TO ACT
War Is to Be Declared
Against Private
Watchmen.
Special Police Officers Aim a
Blow at Morse's Detec
tive Agency.
They Claim That His Men Interfere
With Their Busi
ness.
The special policemen of this city
have organized for the purpose of wag
ing war against the patrolmen em
ployed by private detective agencies.
Last night several of them waited on
Chief Lees and announced their inten
tion of asking the Supervisors at their
next meeting to pass an ordinance pro
hibiting the men employed by private
agencies from representing themselves
as special policemen. Attorneys
Sweeny and Treadwell have been re
tained by the regularly appointed spe
cials to appear before the Supervisors
and champion their cause.
"It is war to the knife," remarked
j Sweeny last nigrht, "and I feel confi-
I dent that we will win. The private
I detective agencies of this city have no
legal existence, and why they should
attempl to usurp th<> places of ni~n
who have been regularly appointed by
the Police Commissioners seems be
yond comprehension. Such is the fact,
however.
Ap soon as a special policeman man
ages to make his beat a paying one
some private watchman in the employ
of a detective agency appears on th|
scene, and by representing that he is ..
special officer, appointed by the Police
Commissioners, he manages to cut in
on him. Only recently several of
Harry Morse's men rsnTSßSlfl th>
down-town beats, and by claiming
that they had the powers of a special
officer, took away a portion of the bus
iness belonging to the special on the
beat.
"The special officers appointed by the
Police Commissioners have been put to
the extra expense of providing them
selves with suitable uniforms. They
regard the determined effort of Morse's
men to interfere with them as nothing
short of a high-handed outrage. Real
izing they could do nothing without or
ganizing, the specials several weeks ago
formed themselves into a body for the
betterment of their condition. They
are determined to find out whether
private watchmen have the right to
represent themselves as special officers
when they have absolutely no author
ity. At the next meeting of the Su
pervisors a concerted effort will be
made to have an ordinance passed
having for its objects the protection of
special policemen appointed by the
Board of Police Commissioners."
AN EVENING OF PICTURES.
A Successful fiffalr Given in flid
of Grace M. E. Church.
A large number of guests assembled at
the residence of Mrs. A. D. Mclntyre on
1 Bartlctt street last night, attracted by an
j Interesting entertainment given In aid of
the debt-paying society of Grace Method
| ist Episcopal Church.
On the walls of the parlors were hung
some fifty beautiful etchings and water
| colors, and these were auctioned off later
In the evening by Professor Newton, and
In this way quite a tidy sum was realized
in addition to the regular proceeds of the
entertainment, which will all be applied
toward clearing on* the debt or the
church. A good programme of music and
a supper completed the entertainment
Recitation, "An Order for a Picture "
Miss Elmlra Panno; soprano solo "Aye
Maria." Mme. Baumgarten; violin solo
Miss Schorcht. accompanist. Miss Walk
er; quartets (a) "Blue Bells of Scotland "
(b) "You Spy the Snake." Arcadian Lad
les" Quartet, the Misses Mac Cullen, Edith
Hanks, Florence Conner and Jeannette
Patridge; recitation, "Railway Matinee "
Professor Cyrus B. Newton; piano solo
Mrs. Hoefeldt; bass solo, "Two
Grenadier" (Schuman), Professor Zier
enberg. After the rendition of the
numbers the guests adjourned to the din
ing-room where they partook of an elab
orate repast, and the gracious hostess
was ' th*» recipient of numerous comuli
ments on the complete success of the af
fair which was got up by the Ladies'
Aid Society, of which she is president.
Go to O'Brien & Sons' for modern style
high grade Surreys, Phaetons and Bujr
gies at low prices. Corner Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street. •
To Insure Miners.
The Gold Miners' Mutual Accident As
sociation, formed lor the purpose of
WHERE WAS DR. SCHENK?
A Pugilist Whose Hopes of Family Greatness
Were Dispelled.
Of all sad words of tongue or pen.
The saddest are these: "It might have been."
Gus Herget Is sad— sad even unto a solemnity that will permit only of a
wan, flickering smile at the catchiest of quips and jokes. Whtttler's fam
ous couplet, if painted In crimson letters on a white transparency, with the
dark shadow of Dr. Schenk looming up in the background, would aptly tell
the whole story— a story so anguishing that tears of sympathy cannot fall to
flow from the eyes of a hardened public, listening with bated breath.
Now, Dr. Schenk, as everybody knows, has recently pinnacled himself on
the mount of fame by announcing to an eagerly awaiting world that he
has made a discovery (let it be whispered) regulating the sexes at birth.
And Gus Herget, as all of pugrdom knows. Is a brother of "Young Mitch
ell," celebrated as a retired pugilist of note, and himself posesssing a fair
reputation as a ringster. Gustavus has a grievance against Dr. Schenk— a
feeling that he has not been well treated by the great physician. 'Yes. it
is. on account of the discovery, too, or, rather, on account of Its tardy
announcement, which is nearer the truth.
"If we had only heard of that thing a little bit quicker," as "Young
Mitchell" naively explains, "the land would have been brightened by the
birth of two vigorous young scrappers. "Who knows what that might
have meant? Thunder and Mars! Ono of them might even have been the
coming Fitzsimmons. Oh, it makes me tired to think of the darned affair: ".
It was on the morning of the 19th inst. that Mitchell bustled into his
saloon, and, missing his brother from his accustomed place behind the
bar, inquired, "Where is Gus?"
"Oh," answered the man in charge, with a grin, "he sent up word that
he wouldn't be here to-day. They're expecting a new arrival down at his
house, I believe."
"Ha, ha!" laughed Mitchell. "Is that so? Well, I hope it's a boy; I hope
it's a boy." And the former exponent of the manly art pranced around like
a schoolboy, feeling the biceps muscle of his right arm, "We'll make a
scrapper of him that the country will bow to one of these fine days."
Phil Hastings, who happened In at this juncture and learned the cause
of the exultation, wanted to bet that it would be twins, and the thought
so tickled the fancy of Mitchell that he "set 'em up" for all hands.
A few days afterward Gus was in his accustomed place, glum and si
lent. He didn't look as happy as was to be expected, and, for that matter,
neither did his brother. Hastings happened in during the day, and, seeing
Herget. extended his hand. It was received and shakrn without a word.
"What's tlie trouble?" inquired the theatrical man. "How's the kid? "
"Ki'l?" was the disgusted retort. You'd better say 'kids.' They're
twins— both girls."
The other day both and Herget were observed deeply inter
ested in a copy of The Call, one reading over the other's shoulder. Finally
they laid the paper down. Tnen both sighed. Not a word was said, but
both men slowly extended their hands, Herget looking heartbroken and
Mitchell's countenance wearing a look at once indicative of commiseration
and resignation,
A bystander quietly picked the paper up. There, bearing telltale thumb
marks, was the announcement of Schenk's discovery, with great, flaring
beadlim ■-'■
crontinjf a fund with which to indemnify !
it- members from loss of time resulting
from accident • ausing bodily injury, was
ln.-orp' rate; yesterday. The .iirt-ct<>rs are
I. J. Truman. S. W*. «irimth, \V. H.
Busch, Albert Albrecht ami E. S. Valen
tint-.
A YuK^O Exhibit.
The Alaska Trade Committee will In
stall an extensive exhibit at the Mining
Fair, which opens on Saturday. It will be
prepared \y maintain a branch bureau at
the Mechanics' Pavilion while th*e Fair is
in progress In addition to the work of
the regular bureau, there will be an at
tractive Klondike exhibit, which will in
clude a number of curiosities from the
.Klondike and will exemplify in a practic
al way the methods of mining and condi
tions of life which prevail In the northern
gold fields.
Mrs. S. Li Cable will have charge of the
cooking exhibit and will dress in Klon
dike costume and demonstrate the man
ner of iireparimr Klondike meals from the
desiccated vegetables, extracts, canned
goods, etc.
■ ' Dr.
I P.IK
Burned by P'ayiry With Powder.
'Albert Staff, a VJ year-old boy, was
taken to the branch Receiving Hospital
yesterday afternoon .".nd treated by Drs.
Deas and Zab«la fur Fnm^ bsd burns on
his face and hands. The boy was play-
Ing with some powder at the corner of
Montgomery avrnii" nnrt Stnsnn "Street,
when a lighted match was touched, to the
explosive unexpectedl", with the uaiial re
sult. , .'..*;:
1 NEW TO-DAY.
Thin in flesh? Perhaps it's
natural.
If perfectly well, this is
probably the case.
But many are suffering
from frequent colds, nervous |
debility, pallor, and a hun-
dred aches and pains, simply
because they are not fleshy
I enough.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
j phites strengthens the diges-
tion, gives new force to the
nerves, and makes rich, red
blood. It is a food in itself.
joe and $i.co, all druggists.
SCOTT it BOWNE. Chemi»t». New York
PREVENTING CONSUMPTION!
The cure of Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis
and all catarrhal affections of the air passages
and lungs is the only sure and safe preventa-
tlve of Consumption, so say the able doctors of
the English and German Expert Specialists, 731
Market street. ___
To demonstrate their superior methods of
treatment these great doctors will cure all
rases of
CATARRH ! ifi&Sßt CATARRH !
Five Great Masters of Chronic Disease.
If you cannot call at the office and see these
eminent specialists, send for
BOOK FOR MEN and BOOK FOR WOMEN
Which, with complete symptom blank, will be
mailed you free of ■ charge.
Consultation and Advice Always Free.
Both at office or by mail.
ENGLISH AND GERMANEIPEBT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours— S to 6; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays. 9
to 11. Phone Green 601.
NEW TO-DAY.
m Woolen Blankets, ||
I* Mackinaw Clothing, j|
| Extra Heavy I
%l Flannel Underwear I
-\ and Overwear, ' I
9 Extra Heavy Sweaters, Bj
I Woolen Mitts, j|
%f Gfovss, Socks, J|;
pa Corduroy Suits, Etc. Jp
The best in the world to re- mQ
B8 slst cold, wear and hard usiije. &£$
til A ■ »Vfl i Ir^^^
112H23 SansomeSf^B
! Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. No, 10 Third Sr,
$ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OP Utiatt
IWe Want Your Trade ! I
W We are after business, and if you (•)
>< have not dealt with us. buy a pair of '0
our shoes ur.il give them a trial. All 0
\SJ we want Is a chance to please you. fa
® We tell the truth about our footwear, (?>
Qy and we wish the public to believe It. S>
(•) The wear of a shoe speaks for Itself. ><
(S\ Give us a trial. Here is somctnlng »
(ft cheitp: Ladles' Vl cl Kid Lace Shoes. W
)j) black cloth tops, new coin toes and vj^
>< patent leather tips: reduced to $1 50: ©
>< sold elsewhere fur $2. (•)
;, ""^ ' "' ' " ' "^^ |
I Men's Shoes in every style: medium- £'
>< priced footwear a specialty. This ®
st* week a leader: Men's Fine Calf Lace ®
W Shoes, new coin toes and tips, single 00
® soles, fair stitch: offered for $!' 35 (•]
W Just to catch your trade. (J
1 klondikeTootwear I
: A SPECIALTY. |
>s Country orders solicited. §
Jk Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. ><
X . Address <&
B. KATCHINSKI, |
|j PHILADELPHIA SHOE C 0.,: §
10 Third St., San Francisco. g
*******♦*#******:*#*********♦
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS!
IcuisineTseryicel
* " —IN THE— *
—IN THE- *
♦ LADIES' GRILL*
I & PALACE. |
* Direct Entrance from Market Street *
_____ NEW TO-DAY.
*♦+♦++ ♦♦♦♦♦»♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•m ♦ t ■ ♦ ♦ » +♦♦++++++++♦+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
-f
-♦■
-f
-f
■f
+
kM I lf i u Saturday Night 1
I 3 1 J Sees the last of this !
1' H great 75-cent sale of |
_J $ 1 ,50 and $ 1.75 Gloves J
In our 5-Button "Ennels" Dress Kid Gloves, X
8-Button Mousquetaire " "Avignon" Suede Gloves, $
B : Button Mousquetaire "Elaine" Suede Gloves, we have >
several sizes we wish to close out— s±, s*, 61 7 and U. They are X
the same gloves we have been selling for $1.50 and $1.75 for the last X
seven years, and at regular prices are the best value ever offered for the X
money. At the reduced special price we have made an extraordinary X
glove offer. EVERY PAIR FITTED AND GUARANTEED. X
SPECIAL ORDERS FOR KLONDIKE KNIT WOOLEN GOODS 4
FILLED PROMPTLY. WE HAVE OUR OWN FACTORY AND ±
MAKE A FEATURE OF HEAVY UNDERWEAR, HOSIERY AND J
SWEATERS. X
. >♦■
125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET. T.
■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦ M ♦ ♦ ♦ » ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ f ♦ M ♦»"
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
F©+o+G+o+e+e+o+©+o+©+©H ■ —
+
I PACIFIC COAST
| JOCKEY CLUB
O (INGLESIDE TRACK:).
© Six Running Races Daily, Rain op Shine.
© '-,-^v : :
+ . . PROGRAMME FOR JUBILEE WEEK . V
1- FRlDAY— Special, 1 Mil« »nd Race for Two- Year-Olds.
SATURDAY— Lakeside Stakes, mile and a half : Special for Three-
Year-Olds, 1 Mile, and Mile and a Half Hurdle Rao*.
. . . FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. . . m
Southern Pacific Railroad Trains at 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. leave Third-Street Station, stopping at
Valencia street. Returning immediately after the last race.
Electric Car Lines — Kearny and Mission Street Cars every three minutes, direct to track without change.
All cross-town lines connect. The track is reached by ail routes in from 30 to 40 minutes.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. S. N. ANDROUS, President.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
Edw. K. Rictus Superb Spectacle.
I"£GIRL FROM PARIS
"IT IS TO LAUGH."
A magnificent presenting? company of fifty.
Bt-autiful Chorus. Elepsint Costumes.
Every Evening Including Sunday.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Bush st.. Above Kearny; Tel. Main 1731.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Rich & Harris' Splendid Company. Headed by
Marie Dressier and John C. Rice, in
John J. McNally's Latest,
COURTED INTO COURT.
NEXT MONDAY -Theater closes for one week.
February 7— Black Patti's Troubadours.
AL WILSON. German comedian; CRIM-
MINS & GORE, comedy duo; CARLETTA, ar-
tist elastic; DOI,T.TNE America's bary-
tone; THE BIOGKAPH. new life scenes: CAR-
TEH DE HAVEN, boy comedian: HICE &
ELMER, horizontal bar artists: PROFESSOR
GALLANDO, lightning clay modeler.
Reserved seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box seats. EOe.
Last Week of the Knab«n Eapelle — New Selections
NEXT WEEK— THE GREAT GAUTIER.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krelixg. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS!
Of the Romantic Irish Comic Opera,
"BRIAN BORU."
GREAT CAST.
Enlarged Chorus — Augmented Orchestra.
NEXT WEEK— The Merry Fantnsie.
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN."
Song — Danoo — Humor.
Popular prices 25c and 50c
ALCAZAR "•£«£••
LAST NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Th«* Fun-Making Farce,
"ARABIAN NIGHTSI"
TWO HOURS OF LAUGHTER.
Prices. . 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c
NEXT MONDAY— Henry Guy Carleton's
melodrama, "VICTOR DURAND."
Seats Now on Sale.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Waiter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Grand and Elaborate Production of Frank
Harvey's Sensational Melodrama,
"BROTHER FOR BROTHER."
Sensational Fire Scene. Iron Foundry In Full
Operation.
New Scenery, Comedy. Pathos, a Thrilling Plot.
A Great Play by a Great Author.
Evening Prices. 10c. 25c. 50c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINkT
Howard st., between Third and Fourth
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
Orchestra music. Open daily from >:30 a. m
to 12 m.; 2to 4:30 p. m. ; 7to 10 p. m. General
Admission, 10c; Gents' Shales, 15c; Ladles'
Skates, Free. A Dance Will Be Given Regu-
larly Every Wednesday and Saturday Even-
ings, Starting February *-
MINING FAIR
AND
KLONDIKE EXPOSITION !
OPENS
SATURDAY EVENING,
JAN. 29, 7;30 O'CLOCK, AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
Continuing Five Weeks.
Special Opening Ceremonies— Fair Machinery
Started by President McKinley from Washing-
ton. - Grand. Beautiful Pageant.
Music by Director Rogers and Bennett's Band
of Thirly-Five Musicians.
Everything in Perfect Working Order. V >
See the North Bloomfleld Mine! The Under-
ground Mine and Tunnel! Free Moving .Pic-
tures! Alaska Views! Two Hundred Exhibits!
Admission 25 Cents. Children 15 Cents.
Tickets on Sale Saturday All Day.
CHIQUITA
THE " CONDENSED CUBAN PATRIOT,"
As Called by The Call.
Is the Smallest Woman on Earth!
| She Receives EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING at the CHUTES, Rain or Shine.
■-Tj r -'.. —. . :/:-y <
10c to all, including Vaudeville; Children, sc.
ANTON SCHOTT.
Educational Song Recital by. the Great German
Tenor, Assisted by Other Very Promi-
nent Artists.
To-Ni£ht— Jubilee Proiirnmme—
Compositions of Mozart. Mendelssohn, C. M.
yon Weber, Brahms. Loewe, Reissiger, et al.
Association Auditorium.
Mason and Ellis Streets.
Prices, Including Reserved Seat. $1 and 50c.
General Admission, 2:"c. Reserved Seats on Sale
at Sherman-Clay's Music Store from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia .German Hebrew Opera Company.
Saturday and Sunday Nights, Jan. ' 29 and 30
"FALL OF JERUSALEM."
Box Office open daily from 10 a. m. to 5:30
p. m. - ■> • -■ ■ .
OLYMPIA Comer of Meson and .
Eddy Street}.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. :'.'
KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA!
And a Great Olio of Artists. ADMISSION
FREE. House Thoroughly Heated.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of ' the best
'■ brands ' of v
FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE.
I have oh hand a large quantity of San
I Francisco' Coke, superior to anthracite tor
I furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke is
I made from the best Wallsend coal, and caa
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Delmr, Any Amount From a Sack to a Shi jloai.
1 cartload. qfif>fifiS fiUTfICJiXFJ^. -■
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
All cereals advancing.
Hay continues to advance.
No change in Flour.
Pink Beans very scarce.
Onions firm. Potatoes stronger.
Vegetables acarce and firm.
Butter firmer. Eggs doing better.
More Eastern Poultry in. Game dull.
Apples firm. Oranges dull. Limes scarce.
Small Prunes wanted for the West.
Provisions unchanged.
arriving more freely.
Wool, Hides and Hops as before.
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments from Northern and Cen
tral California via Southern Pacific lines In
December were 44.052 tons, as follows: From
E(in Krancisco, li*,K. r >S tons: Oakland, 2242; San
Jose, 4634; Stockton, B180; Sacramento and
ok st, B07; Marysville, 323ti.
The leudmg items were: 707 tons Reans.
* Borax, 12:i,2i0 gallons Brandy; 1.833.750
Kuilon* Wine, 16to tons Canned Goods. 1733 tons
Frultß, 1110 tons Fresh Fruits.
■is Dried Fruits. Wl7 tons Raisins. 107
tona Nuts, SO tn;is Honey, mi tons Hay, 1015
tons Hops, 181 t -.ns Hld^-s, .T.'H tons Leather,
]o!'4 t«ns Potatoea, 14fi tons Vegetables, 70S tons
Powder, ? ? tons Quicksilver, 2*3 tons Wool. 909
'.mned Salmon, 42 tons Pickled Salmon,
B coffee. 7172 tons Sugar, 373 tons Tea
and 113 tons Rice.
EXPLANATION-
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve hours. I
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied ]
by cloudy weath".- and rain*. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north |
and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the ■"low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of I
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm- j
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of I
Idaho, and th<- pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and cold*"" weather !n winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER P^PORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 27. 6 p. m.
The following- are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date;, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0 IK. S3 23.50
Red Bluff 0 6.60 12.33
Paeramento 0 5.36 7.61
Ran Francisco 0 5.19 11.
Fresno 0 2.30 4.94
San Luis Oblspo 0 2.R6 9. 53
Los Angeles 0 3.75 8.45
Fan Diego n.r<; 3.26 7.07
Yuma 0 1.10 4.76
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 53;
minimum. 37: mean. 4"
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS. :
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. The fall is most
marked over Oregon and Northern California,
There has also been a rapid fall In pressure
along the southern coast of California.
The temperature has risen over Central Cali
fornia. Elsewhere on the Pacific Slope It has
remained nearly stationary.
Rain has fallen at Pan Diego and Phoenix.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per
hour from the north is reported at Yuma.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Jan. 28, 1898:
Northern California — Increasing cloudiness
Friday and probably showers along the coast;
northerly, changing to southerly, winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
Friday, with showers along the coast; easterly
wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday; probably showers
early Friday morning.
San Francisco and Increasing cloudi
ness and probably light showers Friday; north
erly, changing to southeasterly, wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear: wind, northeast, light;
temperature, 43; maximum, 50.
ALEXANDER McADIK.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. There were a number
of features of aggressive strength in to-day's
stock market, but there was also evidences
that the sustaining force of these special stocks
was taken advantage of to sell out heavy lines
of other stocks* to realize profits. The center
of interest in the market continued to be New
York Central. The persistent advance In this
stock is attributed very generally In the street
to Inside buying, and the reports of a pending
plan for the merging of Lake Shore and New
.York Central find very general credence. All
sorts of rumors are constantly coming in, pro
fessing to give in detail the plans for the first
merging and also for the consolidation of vari
ous other Vanderbllt properties, but no official
or authoritative announcement has been made,
nor is one expected. The advance in New
York Central was twice arrested during the
day by reactions. Large absorption of stock
which developed before the decline had reached
great length was suggested by the probability
that the reaction was manipulated In the inter
est of those seeking to acquire stock. Lake
Shore yielded 14 of Its extreme advance of 2%
before the close. It Is noticeable that the Van
derbllt stocks closed below last night's final
price. Northern Pacific preferred. Kansas and
Texas preferred and Rock Island were leaders
of the market in conjunction with New York
Central. There were not lacking other fea
tures of strength In the market, and the New
York transit companies were conspicuous for
a sudden and sharp advance In the final hour
■London had a large account In the local mar
ket to-day, and on the Bide of the sales there
■was a balance of over 30,000 shares. Sterling
exchange responded to the "London selling with
a rather firmer tone. There was no hardening
tendency In the local money market. The
close was Irregular..
Bonds were In good demand. The volume of
•.business was large, the total sales amounting
to 15.670.000. United States old 4s coupon were
% higher bid, new 4s »4 higher and £s' coupon
% lower.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 608,300
shares, including: Atchlson preferred, 14,215-
Chesapeake and Ohio, 6155; Burlington, 384-
Erie, 13,554; Louisville and Nashville, 6240-
Manhattan. 19,595; Michigan Central 6893;
Reading preferred, 6050; Missouri, Pacific, 17,
935; Missouri. Kansas and Texas, 4490; Mis
souri. Kansas and Texas preferred, 15,420; New
Jersey Central. 3780; New York Central. f.1,220;
North American, 6335; Northern Pacific, 12,450-
Northern Pacific preferred," 45,970; Ontario, 6340;
St. Paul, 20.120; St. Paul and Omaha, 3255;
Southern preferred, 4102: Texas and Pacific.
4220; Union Pacific. 21.102; Tobacco, 3590; Chi
cago Great Western, 9550; People's Gas, ' 9712:
General Electric, «€l7; : Laclede Gas, SS10;
American Sugar, .50.510; Leather preferred, 3700;
Western Union. 4522.
CLOSING STOCKS. ■
Atchlson 12 St P & Om 75
- Do pref ........ 30% : Do pref 148 -
•Baltimore & Ohio. 12% St P M & M 121^
. Canada Pac ..... 8914 60 Pacific ........ 20
Canada South .. F,4HSo Railway 9H
Cent Pac .:...... 13% Do pref .. 80%
Ches & Ohio .... 221; Tex & Pac •.. 12%
Chi & Alton .... 165 Union Pac 33% j
Chi B & Q MOM P D & G 9% |
Chi & E 111 574'Wabash '7*4 ;
C C C & St L... 35%! Do pref 18%
Do pref •* Wheel & L E.... 3
Del & Hudson .. 112 Do nt«f 12%
Del L» & \V 153 Express Companies —
Den & R 0 12 7 i Adams Ex 159
Do pref lii^ American Ex 1184 j
Erie (new) 15u| United States ... 414
Do let pref .... 39 Wells Fargo 110
Ft Wayne 169 I Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor pref .... 130 A Cot Oil 21%
Hocking Val ..... ;64 Do pref To**
Illinois Cent .... 107% Amn Spirits .... 94 1
Lake Erie & W.. 174 Do pref 20»4
Do pref 724 Am Tobacco — 87%
Lake Snore .. 1564 Do pref 114
Louis & Nash 56*4 People's Gas 96»; j
Manhattan L .... 117>4 Cons Gas Uk
Met St Ry let%jCon Cab Co 175
Mich Cent 106 I Col F & Iron — 24% j
1 Minn & St L.... 25 Do pref 70
Do Ist pref .... 85 Gen Electric 36% |
! Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel .... 51
Mob & Ohio 30 Laclede Gas .... 45*1
Mo K& T 13*4 ' Lead 35 Vi j
Do pref 404 j Do pref IMV* \
i Chi Ind - L 9 Nat Lin Oil 174 I
Do pref 32 Or Imp Co IS
N J Cent 944 Pacific Mall till
N V Cent 119H P«-iinniii Pal 11l
N V Chi & St L. 14% Silver Cert 56%
! Do Ist pref C 'Stand It & T J' 4
Do 2d pref .... 3*4 Sugar 135%
Nor West 14% | Do pref 1134
No Amer Co s'» T C & Iron 254
i No Pacific 27% V B Leather 7
Do pref 664! Do pref .- 64% !
Ontario & W 17** V S Rubber 164
: Or R & Nay.... 50% | Do prof 654
I Or Short Line.... 244 West Union .... 91\
Plttsburg 168 St L & S W 44
Reading 21 1 * I Do pref 10
Do Ist pref .... 514 R G W 22
Rock Island 934 Do pref 54
St L & S F 74 Haw Com C 0.... 31
Do Ist pref .... 56*4 CAN W 123%
Do 2d pref .... 264 Do pref 1644
St Paul 95% C G W 14%.
Do pref 144>-
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s reg.. 127% N .7 C 5s 112
Do coup 12Si : x Carolina 6s 125
V S 4s 112% Do 4s ICS
Do coup 114% No PM lsts 117
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s G2 T ;
D B la reg 114»» Do 4s MM
Do Es coup .... 114. N V C & S L 4s. 106*4
District 3 655.... 117-. Nor & XV Cs 1244
i Ala clnss A 108 Northwstrn con.. 144»i
Do B Ml Do -deb 5s US
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 1144
Do Currency .. 100 <> Nay 4s 9.'4
Atchlson 4s 92 OS Line 6s tr.... 1264
Do adj 4s -597* O S Line 5a tr 99%
; Can So 2ds 108% O Imp lsts tr.... 110
Chi Term Ss\ Do ,-, s tr sS*i
C .<• Ohio 5s h.m. Pacific la of 95.. 103',
CHAD 44s 104% Heft-ling 4s 84»; :
, D & R a Ist? ... 107*4 X '; \y IstS... ?3»,
'D & RQ 4s 94 SL& IM C 55.. 89%
East Term lsts.. 107% &L«BFQti., 117
Erie Gen 4s 71 St P COB 13<>4
F W D lsts tr.. 74* St PC & P lsts.. 121
O. Elec 5s 100"; j Do 5s ... . 1164
O H & S A 65... 1064 Bo rty 15... . '<:'
Do 2ds 102 Stand R& T 65.. 59*4
H & T C 5s 109"; Term new set 35.. 87
Do con 6s 1064 T & P L O lsts.. inou
lowa C lsts 100 I Do rg 2<ls 33%
X I" Con tr 994 Union Pac lsts.. 121*;
X P Ist D tr.... 120 IT PD & G lsts.. 56
La new cons 45.. 107 Wab Ist 5s . MM
LAN T'ni 45.. 85% Do 2d» 82%
Missouri 6s 100 iff Shore 4». lf>?'4
M X & T 2d5.... 66Ti|Va Centuries .... 70?*
Do 4s M j Do deferred ... 3
I N V Cent lsts..
MINING STOCKS.
I Chollar X Ontario 2 60
Crown Point 2 Ophlr 60
! Con Cal & Va.... 1 0. Plymouth OS
Deadwood <M Quicksilver . . . 1 00
Gould A Curry... M Do prof 300
Hale A Norcrs... 1 20 Sierra Nevada.... 90
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 3"i
Iron Silver 3S Union Con 42
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Jan. 27— Atchlson. 13: Bell Tele- :
phone. 267: Chicago, Burlington and Quincy. '
I 1004 : Mexican Central. 54: Oregon Short Line.
24: San Diego. ; Boston and Montana, 1564;
Butte and Boston. 25*4.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock j
markets here were of better tone to-day, Amer
j icans and Argentines being the feature. Amer
j leans, which closed at best, are practically
booming;. The support is mainly from New j
j York, but professional dealings here are
j strong and increasing. It is believed here
I that the Teller silver resolution will pass the 1
i United States Senate, but the kind of profes- j
j sionals now dealing in Americans is too used j
I to that sort of thing to be upset by It. The '
Lake Shore and New York Central "were very
strong. Grand Trunk was lower. Bank of
England stock Is the highest f^»r touched.
■ It will be interesting to note the effect on the
half year's profits of the bank's recent policy.
Copper shares are recovering. The local dis
count market continues very firm, and all the
Continental exchanges are rising. It is. how
ever, rumored that more Japanese money will
be released at the end of the week.
NEW YORK GRAIN' AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13.947 barrels: exports. 23.5f'7. Market strong
and higher, but still rather quiet. City mill
patents, $5 65<£6; do clears. |S 45fi7< 60: Min
nesota patents. $"> 2f,'ffs 35: bakers'. $4 2">'9'4 hd;
winter etralts. $4 50«4 65; do extras. $3 40Q3 90;
do low grades, $2 9O'<<::.
WHEAT— Receipts, 22,200 bushels: exports.
219,675. Spot, strong: No. 2 red. $1 07%. Op
tions opened strong on cables and was general
ly fair all day, with few reactions on contin
ued bullishness from abroad and a strong home
situation, closed very strong at 2V net ad
vance, speculation broadening. No. 2 red Jan
uary, $1 07@l oS>*; closed, $1 OSV4: May. 97HQ»
SSc: closed. 9S%c.
HOPS— Firm.
— Quiet.
PETROLEUM—
METALS— The market for metals shows no
■ essential changes, certainly no Improvements.
According to the New York Metal Exchange
! Piglron warrants closed weak at $6 50 bid, $6 65
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $10 85<§U.
TIN Firm; SI?, K«U 95.
SPELTER— Quiet: $3 00^4 06.
'• LEAD— DuII; $3 60-6 3 63. The firm that fixes
the settling price for miners' and smelters'
quotes lead $3 50.
COFFEE — Options opened steady at un
changed prices, closed firm with prices SfjlO
points net advance. Sales, 14.750 bags, includ
: ing: March. $5 60(55 6o:. Sj>ot coffee— Rio,
steady: No. 7 invoice, 61,;e:6 l ,;e: No. 7 jobbing, l%e;
; mild, steady: Cordova. nt#lSe.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3 9-16 c;
; centrifugal. 9« test. 4 l-1«c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 24.74. r > packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 14 1 4'920c; Elgins, 20c; fac-
I tory. ll(Sfl4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4265 packages. Easy; State
and Pennsylvania, 19$ 21c; Western, 19^4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— California dried
fruits— Apples, very steady; other fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 357* 4 r:
prime wire tray, BHc: wood dried, prime, big.
SVjc; choice, R\c; fancy, 9gl4c.
PRUNES— aCMe.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, r,«7 1 4c: Moorpark, HPUc
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<gloc; peeled. 12620 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— Liverpool once again set
the pace for wheat at the opening. The mar
ket was up *4t?Uid on futures, and cables from
there and from London also were decidedly
bullish In tone. The British Consul at Kief, :
South Russia, officially Bald that Russia would
probably soon have to become an importer of :
grain; that the Russian ports were closing i
again, 'and that a cargo of Argentine wheat, ,
February shipment, had been sold to-day at j
35s 3d per quarter, an advance equivalent , to !
S'4c a bushel In two weeks. The Russian news
had more effect later In the day than at the !
opening, which was nevertheless very strong. |
May closed yesterday at 94\c and opened to- :
day at 94>4 / *z94V. while July started H'SHc i
higher at from 86H'C?^6c. Th« opening advance ;
encountered very free realizing, some of which
was credited to Letter, but the selling resulted ;
In the May price only reacting to KCiKttlc, and
for two hours a fight 'wan waged around 95.; c
for control of the market, News that came j
In during that time almost altogether favored j
an advance. Minneapolis reported a heavy de
mand for flour, . especially foreign shipment,
and Tacoma advised continued shipments of
flour and wheat to South Africa. Export clear- (
ances ■of , wheat and flour from the Atlantic .
ports amounted to the heavy total of BUO.OOO :
bushels. - About midday, and after the receipt !
of strong closing cables, the fun commenced, i
and for the third day In succession January I
furnished the sensation. Up to that time the
delivery had been heard of but seldom. Loiter
broken again appeared in the pit, and their I
bids of $1 02 for January, 2c above yesterday's
closing price, started shorts In - the futures in
a hurry, and the price of May especially ad- '
vanced almost as fact as the cash figures did.
For a few minutes the excitement -nan intense .
and the hunt for cover which took place i
jumped May to 96c. January in the mean '
time being , quoted at $1 02 1 *- The market |
quieted down somewhat for a time, but about '
half an hour from the close the buying fever j
again broke out as the Jumpfng of January
was renewed. In a very short space of time
January was bid up to $1 05, May to 97% c and
July .to 87Hc. These prices hung with heavy i
trading. At the close January was quoted at I
II 04%, May at 97H©97«c and July at 87Hc. A
New York message received shortly after noon ■
said that Leiter had sold 2,000,000 bushels of i
wheat for shipment abroad.
Corn was active and firm throughout. May
closed %c higher.
Oats were strong, and higher. May closed
.VigHc higher.
The heaviest trading In the pit was In pro- !
visions. The close was firm. May pork 7>*c
higher, May lard 6c higher. May ribs 2>*c
higher. > . ;, - "
Th« leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— 2- °P en - High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January ....'. ....| 103 $1 05 ' $102 $104^1
TYTE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
! May B*4 974 95 97%
! July $6 S7>, 854 574
Corn No. 2—2 — *
January 27% ?8 27% 28
May 29% 29*4 29% 29*4
July 30% 80* 30% 30%
j Oats No. —
! May 24 24% 23% 24%
July 2274 234 9% 23
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 4--- *•.• I—. 19 96
May I 974 16 05 &90 10 05
I-urd, per 100 lbs—
January *. 4 774 4 82H 4 874 4 R24
May 4 874 4 924 4 874 4 924
July 4 974 6 024 4 974 5 024
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 4 924
May 490 4 574 4 884 4 974 ;
1 Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
stronger: No. 2 spring Wheat, &3g95c; No. 3
i spring Wheat. BS«?93c: No. 2 red, $1 01@l 05:
i No. 2 Corn, 25%«?25%c: No. 2 Oats, 23*4 c: No. 2
white, f. o. b.. 24*tc: No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 24%
! 6 25c: No. 2 Rye. 47c: No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.,
27*4«?35c; No. 1 Flax Seed. $1 27: prime Timo
i thy Seed. $2 75: Mess Pork, per bbl.. $9 95@
10 05; Lard, per 100 lbs.. $4 825<!74 85: Short
■ Ribs sides (loose). $4 80^5; dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed), 4*4*7 Short Clear Sides (boxed).
$5*;.-. 20; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon. $1 19; Sugars, cut, loaf, $5 89; granu
lated. *5 39.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels x,0"0 7 000
Wheat, bushels 17,000 18.000
Corn, bushels 175.000 128,000
Oats, bushels 134. 000 153,00ti
Rye. bushels 3,000 700
Barley, bushels 23,000 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
I market was steady. Creameries. 13© IS* I*'-:1 *'-:
; Dairies, ll@17c; Cheese, quiet, B@S4c; Eggs,
firm; fresh, 16c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 146.200 14,630
Duluth 32.640
Milwaukee 18.200
Chicago 17.500 R.<W«
Toledo 3.50? 8.000
St. Louis 6,000 90.000
Detroit 4.C51 21.014
Kansas City 18.000 15.500
Totals 246.607 157.843
Tidewater-
Boston 5.353 «4.m
New York 22.2C0 213.675
Philadelphia 10.230 313
Baltimore Ml, MM
New Orleans
Totals 157.790 233.949
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 00 70
Closing 61 00 61 00
Flour-
Opening 2S 70 2<! 40
Closing 2S 80 23 60
LIVERPOOL ' WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 S% 7 54 7 24 « «%
Closing 7 ST» 7:. 7 2% €8
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle unusually large for Thursday and with
a slow trade. Prices took a tumble of 10S 15c.
Medium grades were particularly weak. Sales
were on a basis of $3 7C@4 for the commonest
lots of dressed beef steers up to $5 25*f:> 50 for
prime to extra choice shipping beeves: bulk of
transactions at $4 355?5 10; export lots, $4 6SS
S 10; stockers and feeders, $3 50-84 35; butcher*
and canners. $2 UKi 2 85.
HOGS — Sales were at an extreme range of
U 65i?3 95; bulk. S3 824#3 90; pigs. $3 Ro#3 85.
The late market was very weak, particularly
for light hogs.
SHEEP— The unusually liberal supply of
cheep and lambs was well known and prices
were only about 10c lower, sheep selling at
ti<QZ 78 for poor to prime flocks and lambs at
$4 25® 5 90 for culls to strictly choice. Lambs
sold largely at S5 25^5 90 and prime yearlings
sold at $"• B. Ewe sheep sold freely at $4 30.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; hogs, 26,000; sheep.
22,000.
KANSAS CITY,
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official. 5500 natives. Ml southerns. Best beef
and exporters, 10c lower; cows and heifers,
steady to 10c lower; choice stockers and feed
ers, unchanged: Texans. s©loc lower: Western
fleers, S3 T.'''a4 75: Western cows. $2 'o'{j4 10;
native steers, S3 7504 90; native cows and heif
ers. J2 2T,cd4 10; stackers and feeders, $3 25@
4 90: bulls. $2 £OiS4.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 18.500. Market 24<gi
tc lower; bulk of sales, S3 Cif" 77^1: heavy.
J3 60ig3 S. r ,; packers. S3 70^3 824; mixed. S3 600
3 824; lights, $3 56@3 724; workers, $3 7003 724;
pigs. $3 35@3 774.
SHEEP — Receipts, official. 3300. Market
active and strong, some sales 5c higher. Wyo
ming muttons, $4 35; 75-lt> New Mexican lambs,
JVffS 4l>; bulk, S3 50@4 60; native lambs, 14 500
5 <o.
OMAHA
OMAHA. Jan. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. MM.
Market weak to 10c lower: native beef steers.
$3 60i?r4 85: Western steers. *3 40®4 40: cows and
heifers, $2 lOM M; canners. $1 50®2 85; Btock
ers and feeders. $3 M#f ST.; calves, $303 85;
bulls and stags, $2 25{i'3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 3300. Market 5c lower,
heavy. $3 BO®3 70; mixed, $3 65@3 75; light.
$3 7"53 80; pigs, $3 40ig3 65; bulk of sales, S3 60®
3 7.'.
BUEKP— Baeetpt* BOH Market strong: fair
to dtotoe natives. U 2<"ff4 63; fair to cholca
Westerns. JlffH 60; common and stock sheep,
$3 2.Vf14; lambs, $4 MQS B.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market quiet and steady; beef steers, J3@4 10;
cows, $2 So@3 M; stockers and feeders, $3 25@
4 2*., freight paid to river; bulls, stags, etc.,
$2<f.'3: calves, $4 50@6.
HOGS— Receipts. 800. Market firm and 5c
higher; light packers, $3 65@S 70; heavy, $3 60®
3 65; mixed. $3 66<??3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6.0. Market quiet; demand
mostly for fat sheep and lambs. Demand on
common only fair. Muttons, $3@4 40, lambs,
14&5 50.
THE ORANGE MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27— The Journal of Com
merce says: In oranges trade Is light. Sup
plies of Valencies were never »o small at this
season, but there seems to be no demand and
prices quoted are nominal. Advices from the
other side are to the effect that supplies could
not be renewed at present quotations. Sicily
oranges are in small stock and little on the
way. but there seems to be no demand. Cali
fornia oranges are still arriving quite freely, '
but are bringing satisfactory prices at auc
tlon. and jobbing quotations are maintained.
In Florida oranges the firm feeling Is main- ;
tamed, but there is not much business to re- |
port. Spot prices for dried fruits are, and for '■
some time have been, below parity with quo- !
tatlons on the Pacific Coast. The lower price i
held is explained by receivers as having been
caused by free early purchases In California ,
at comparatively lower figures In expectation
of a large consuming demand, which expecta
tion was based on the small stocks controlled
by retailers. The expected demand from con
sumers did not materialize and holders here,
finding themselves overstocked, were ready to
shade prices somewhat In order to move out
stocks. They have, however, it is said, been
unwilling to release any large blocks except
at full figures.
The consuming trade In Eastern markets. It
Is now reported is beginning to Increase,
though still below expectations. In the West
and Middle West, however, It is understood
that the bulk of distribution through consum
ing channels is now being made, and it is be
cause of the demand from that quarter, re
ports state, that holders on the coast are able
to maintain their views nu. only on Santa
<"lara but on Northern and Southern fruit,
the demand from the West for the two last
named being, it is recited, very good. Specu
lative movement, to which Is attributed the
stronger feeling In this market, has, it is
understood, resulted In a closer concentration
of spot supplies, but there seems still to be
enough competition to prevent this market
from advancing from a parity with Cali
fornia.
LONDON WOOL BALES.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— There were 15,574 bales
offered at the wool sale to-day, with a good
selection. Prices were fairly maintained,
though medium cross-breds were somewhat Ir
regular. Port Philip greasy merinos attracted
much attention and there was strong: competi
tion for New Zealand lustrous cross-breds. A
large supply of Mips went principally to the
home trade. France competed spiritedly with
Germany for their speclalltes.
There was a rood supply of Cape of Good
Hope and Natal, but here the withdrawals
were frequent. Snow whites and scour*ds
went to the Continent at full prices. A quan
tity of South Australian In fine condition was
secured by America and Yorkshire. The pur
chases for America were limited to 700- bales.
The following are to-day's sales In detail,
with the prices obtained:
New South Wales. 1000 bales; scoured. MO
Is 6d; greasy, 6«10d.
Queensland. 2200 bales; scoured, Is Zftd&ls 4d
greasy. 6%eiod.
Victoria. 2500 bales; scoured, 7Hdfils s>4d
greasy. 6d#ls 4Hd.
South Australia. 1000 bales; greasy. 6f?lod.
New Zealand, 6100 bales; scoured, SU-giod
greasy. 6*i@lld.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 1100 bales
scoured. Is lttd@ls 2d; greasy. 6@9Hd.
Vest Australia, 600 bales; scoured. 9OllUd
greasy. s@B»*d. v»v«»a,
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
* PORTLAND, Jan. 27.-Local exporters are
still bidding up on wheat, and while there was
no material change In Liverpool as high- as
76>4c was paid to-day for Walla Walla, blue
stem and valley bringing 7SH<g79Vjc. The
freight market Is very firm, so much so that
it will require a further advance In wheat
abroad to change prices. The advance In
wheat has checked the selling movement and
transactions were light to-day.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Jan. 27.— Wheat strong and higher.
No. 1 club..76V4c; No. 1 bluestsm, 79> .
' PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Jan. 27.— Exchanges, $227,283
balances, $43,472.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 27.-Consols. 11* 9-lB«112H;
11?S@H2 11-18; Sliver. 26 8-l»d; French rentes,
103f 16c.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 27.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California wheat. 88s 44<S; cargoes off
crast. firm, S®6d higher; cargoes on passage,
sellers asking advance S'SSd: French country
markets, firm; Liverpool wheat. No. 1 Califor
nia. 7s lldijf 7s 114 d; wheat In Paris, steady;
flour in Parts, firm.
COTTON-Uplands. S 7-32 d.
CLOSE.
CORN— January, nominal: February, steady.
8a 84d; March, steady, 3s 2vid.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83% ■
Sterling Cables — 488 '
New York Exchange, sight — 20 |
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 66%
Mexican Dollars 47 i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
I There was another advance yesterday, both ■
I on and off call, sympathetic with higher prices
East and abroad. Business on shipping account !
Is dull, as sellers are unwilling to let go.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 41<4
for No. 1, $1 42% for choice and $1 45©1 50 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May. 8000 ctls, j
$1 41%; 4000, *1 41%, 6000, $1 41%. December—
4000, $1 33%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 41% ; 10,000,
$1 414: 2000, $1 41*4; 10.000, $1 4l>*.
Regular 1 Morning Session— May— ctls. j
$1 42; 38,000. ri 41%: 4000, $1 42%; 8000. $1 42H; ,
20,000. $1 42U- December— 2000. $1 33%; 2000, I
$134; 2000. $134%; 1000. $134*.
Afternoon Session— May— 2B.ooo ctls. $1 42: f
2000. $1 41%; 18,000. $142%: 34.000, $1 41«4. De- ;
cember— 6ooo, $1 34; 2000, $134%: 6000. $1 85; j
6000. $1 34%.
BARLEY— The market continues to advance, j
! owing to short available stocks and a good de- ,
mand, especially for Brewing for shipment.
Feed. $l«il 02% for dark to good and $1 05 for i
choice brewing; $1 12%©' 1 17% for No. 1 and I
$1 02%5l 06 p. r ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — May— 2ooo
ctls. •>.
Second Session— May— l6.ooo ctls. 9Sc; 2000,
<*>.<■: 4<iOO. Mtc.
Regular Morning Session— May— Booo ells, 93c:
4000. 93% c; 26. <W", .;' 4 ,-
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 93c; 2000,
93%e; :*.oco. W%c.
OATS— Fan.-y f«wl. «■ 22%®1 8 per ctl; good
to choice $1 17'v/i 20: common. $1 10©l 15:
Surprise, $1 2.vgi ST.; .-.••!. $1 * •■;! 40: gray. $1 15
';! 1T..; milling. $1 KUftl 22%; Mark, for seed.
$1 3Jfil 50. Clipped Oats sell at $162 per ton
■ >\.-r the raw product.
Feed descriptions have again advanced and I
the market Is firm There is no ''all for seed |
sort*, as the weather Is too dry.
CORN— The market rules firm with an up
ward tendency.
Rma.ll round fellow, $1 ft.*.ol 07% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 02%i?l 07% ; white. 9S»;c@sl.
RYE- Firm! held ft 1 Jl O'.ol -•"« per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7502 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 10.42' barrels of
Flour. The market has not changed for a
long time.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
»4 '" ■.■■! 65: Bakers' extra". $4 3004 40 per bbl.
MiI, I. STIFFS- Prices in sacks are as fol
1 lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham ■
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. {2 50 per 100; i
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornm»>al. $2 25; extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat <".r -at*. $4; Hom
iny, $3 IMS 30; Buckwheat Flour. 14: Cracked 1
Wheat. S3 60; Farnla. $4 SO: V»ole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbU). $5*55 40; In
sacks. »4 800.5 20; Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 50; Green do, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND F.I 'STUFFS.
The shortness In the stock of Hay Is Illus- '
' trated by the purchase of Alfafa Hay here for
shipment to HoUtster. This Is carrying coals
to Newcastle, for Hollister is a. Hay-producing
. region. The market went up again yesterday,
and will keep on going up unless we pet good
rains very soon. Even with copious rains no
decline Is expected. One dealer refused $19
' for a car of choice Wheat, to arrive to-day.
BRAN— S2O*?2L
MIDDLINGS— $21024 SO.
FEEnSTUFFS— Barley. $22023 pet
ton: Oilcake M*al at the mill. $2* 50029 50:
! Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $19020: Cotton
seed Meal. J2:-fi3O per ton: Corn Meal. $23 SO-f
24 50: Cracked Corn. $24®25; Chopped Feed.
$I*ol9.
» -V <*-r-<«n- «n r --1 Int«)— Wheat. t\6ft
18 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16® 17 50; Oat,
$14 M$M BO: Barley. »13 50©lS 60: compressed,
$15017; Alfalfa, $10 60011 50; stock, $10 Bo©
11 SO; Clover. $11012 60 per ton.
STRAW— 4Og47%c pec bale, j
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pink Beans are excessively scarce at a fur
ther advance. The other kinds are unchanged. ;
A corner in Pinks is reported.
?"•'''*-- •-. «' 'c ■ ii V-v,>to«, «' »- !
0 1 45: Large Whites. $1 3001 37%; Pink*.. $2 10
02 15; Reds, $1 Soi§2; niackeye, $2 25@2 50;
Butters. $1 4' -ul 50; Llmas, $1 65@1 75; Pea,
$1 1591 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow '
Mustard. ?:■:' 50; Flax. ?2<??2 10; Canary Seed. '
2'4@2Hc per It: Alfalfa. 3® 6c; Rape. 2S2«ic:
Homii. Sc; Tlm^thv. 6Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles," $1 25; Green. $1 20®
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Vegetables are advancing under light ar
rivals. Potatoes and Onions are doing better.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65<275e: River Reds,
45055 c; River Burbanks, 50070 c; Oregon Bur
banks, KIOSOc: Salinas Burbanks, Sscosl 10;
Petaluma Burbanks. 600650 : Sweet Potatoes,
EOc per ctl for Rivers and 50085 c for Merced;
new Volunteer Potatoes. 2'S24c per lb.
ONIONS— S2 60@2 70 per ctl; cut Onions, $1 50
62 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash, $12015
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $12015 per ton: Dried
Peppers, MJIOC per lb: Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
bage. 6C1?75c per ctl: Carrots. 250 RQc per sack:
Garlic, 3®3%c per lb: Asparagus, 40c per lb for
; large.
Los Angeles Green Peas. S01Oc: String
Beans. 2"c; Tomatoes, $I@l 60; Green Peppers,
20025 c per lb; Summer Squash, 80.10 c; Egg
Plant. IMMSc per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw. 12- per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16©18 c: granulated raw.
IV: Onions, He: Carrots, old. He: new. He;
: Cabbage. 80c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; turnips.
! 25c; String Beans. Ms; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern arrived, selling at
10c for Turkeys, $5 r,O for Ducks. $2 for Geese.
i $5 for Hens and young Roosters, $4 50 for old
Roosters and $5 for Fryers. Another car goes
, on to-day.
Game is out of favor and easy.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. 9010 c for Gobblers and 10®llc
for Hens; dressed Turkeys. ll<?13e per rb;
Geese, per pair. $1 2501 BO: Ducks, $405; Hens
J3*?4: Roosters, young. $4ft.'>: Roosters, old
$3 ..004; Fryers. »4 5004 75: Broilers, $404 50 for
large and $303 50 for small: Plsreons. «1 50®
1 75 per dozen for young and 75c05l for old
GAME— Quail, per doz. Sscosl: Mallard. $2 V)
03: Canvashaek. $304: Sprig. $1 2501 50; Teal
75c0.51; Wldß-eon. $1: Small Ducks. 7'c Gray
Geese. $2; White. 50075c:- Brant. $1; Honkers
; $3; English Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe. $1; Hare
75c©$l: Rabbits. $1 25<fN 50 for Cottontails and
; $1 for small. •
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter is firm and cleaning up, and some
dealers are quoting an advance. Eesra are
also In better request and firmer, with an ad
vance in store Eggs, which are preferred to
ranch.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creameries. 25®26c; sec
onds. 23@24c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 22#24c; lower grades
2(V5?21c per tb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 22c: ladle
packed. 17u,«?5 21r per Tt>.
• 'HEESE-fhnioe mild new. lie: common to
good. 8®10c: Cream Cheddar, l^llc; Youne
America, 11Ol * c: Western, 1I@12c; Eastern.
UH'STISHc per tt>.
nOG ßanch Eggs, 21©2% c per doi; store
EjTtfS, 20c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples rule firm. Granges are dull. Mexi
can Limes are scarcer than ever and still
higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ,
Cranberries. J7@B p«r bbl: Coos Bay, $1 509
Z per box.
Apples, 40©50e per box for common, ?sc6Sl
for rood to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy
CITRUS FRUITS -Navel Orange., «£«
J!5: Seed.lii)?ii. Roc®sl; Mandarins. |i-»i so
for Urge and 6T,®75e for small boxes; Grape
Fruit. $2 o(i^s per bo*; Lemons, 50c4t$l for
common and Jl ?:,f?2 for good to choice; Mcxi- !
can Llmeg. J7C3 per box; California Limes
in small boxes, 75c@Jl: Bananas, $12502 25 Der
bunch; Pineapples, tZfii per dozen. **
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The demand for Prunes Is not as sharp and
th» , call Is for the very small sizes for the
West. A better demand for Raisins Is re
ported from New York.
DRIED FRT ITS- Prunes, carload lots. 4U
©«ie for 40-50-p, 3%i®4«c for 60-60., JK@3Kc
for 60-70' s. 2%®3>ie for 70-80"s, t\ktfii\c for 80
90-s. l%@2Vic for 90-100's: Peaches, 3@4Hc; fan .
cy. 6©sHc: peeled. lO012Hc: Apricots. &©6c for
fvY£!~? n i ! 7 «® S S for K0O(1 t0 fancy Moorparks:
111 1 >r 2. t . e<i APP I " 8 - 64©7 c: sun-dried. 4<MHc
fo ,K lVl V' '" 3ackß - 2@2Hc: Plums. 4VW4\c
Plum P i"^,?' nd i? IHc for vn Pl»e<l: bleVche.l
Plums. ..<ffsV.c; Nectarines. 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears. 2H*?4^c for quarters and 3@s4c
f0 halves, according to color. , etc. 'W o^ s
RAISIN S-2U@3c for two-crown. 4c for three
crown. Be . for four-crown, 6Hc for Seedless
s"'i? n »" and .J l «>©l 15 ' for London - layers;
dried Grapes, 2^c.
■ Chestnuts are quotable at B®loc per
lb; Walnuts. 6®«c for hardshell and 6«70 for
softahell; Almonds. 2%03%0. for hardshell. 8®««
' £2frr, oruhell and 7 8<5 for paper-shell : Peanuts.
406% c for Eastern • and 4>4c for California;
fi[ anil 6%®Sc; Filberts. 8%"iffl0o: Bra«ll Nuts.
B^9, per lb: Cocoanuts. $4 60®5 per 100.
* HONEY— New Comb. S®loc for bright and 5©
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
or lb ® 55 * 1 Urht amber extracted. «i®4Kc
BEES WAX-23®25c ' per ' lb.
• PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B%c per lb for
heavy. »c for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 104 <$ lie; California
Hams, 9®9%c; Mess Beef. $8 50 per bbl: extra
m ? S * a O> # 50; family do. $11012; salt Pork.
; ISJJS ..0; extra prime Pork. $9 50; extra clear.
! H6; mess, $14 50; Smoked Beef, U%@l2Hc per
I _ LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s>4c per lb
; for compound and 6c for pure: palls. 7c: Cali
fornia tierces. 5c per lb for compound and Bo
•jr.P^e^alf-bbls. 6«4c; 10-lb tins. 7c; do 6-lb
j ' COTTOLENE-Tlerces. B%OGttc: packages.
| less than 300-lbs-l-lb palls. 60 in a cane. S%c:
I 3-lb palls. 20 In a case. B%c; 6-lb palls. 12 In a
. case. BVJc: 10-lb palls. 6 tn a case. S'-ic: 50-lb
1 i ns> «J?? or two ln * case. 7Hc; wooden buck
? >'.lJ, bs net - 774( * : f *ncy tubs. 8" lbs net. 7Hc:
; half-bbls, about 110 lbs. 7'4c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
Ie under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
j 10«10%c per lb: medium. 9c; light. 9c; Cow-
I hides. 9@9%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
. lie; dry Hides. 16c: culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. 14£15 c: dry Calf. 18®20c; culls.
17e .: Goatskins. 20©374e each: Kids. s@loc;
i ueersklns. good summer. 25®30c per lb: me
; dium. 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
i ?^2,?" c *•«*>: short wool. 40*?70c each; medium.
( IWOc: lontr wools, 90cO$l 30 each.
• TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. SnSHc per lb; No.
| 2. *if?2'rc: refined. 6c: Grease, 2-?fl^c.
I i WOOL- Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 10®
i He: do defective. 10©llc; San Joaq'iln. defec-
I tive. 7®9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llo: free
: Northern. 13Si3c: do defective. 9®llc: Hum
; boidt and. Mendocino, 13«15c; Eastern Oregon.
|9<^l3c: Valley Oregon. 1601Sc.
; HOPS— OId crop. 2?trc for roor to fair and 8
, ©10c for good : new crop. 11®15c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 1898 delivery.
SKestlc; Wool Bags. 27*30 c.
COAL— Wellington, $8: New Wellington. $8:
Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle, $5 (10:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7;
Cumberland. $14 50 In bulk and $16 In sacks:
Pennsylvania anthracite egg, $15: Cannel. $9
P«"" ton: Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and
i $15 in sicks. t
| St'GAR— The Western Supar Refinery Com
; pany quote* terms net .cash: Cube Crushed
| and Fine Crushed. fir; Powdered, 6%e: Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' • A. 6%c: Mag
nolia A. SV: Extra C, s«ic: Golden C. 5%c:
Candy Granulated. 6%c: California A. 5%c per
lb: half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are coming Jn rather more freely and
are slightly easier In consequence. The other
descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— quality. 6%57c: second do. 5H@
«c: third do. 405 c per lb.
VFAI/--Ijirß<-. 5-R6c; small. 6®7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6*407 c; ewes. 6%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hops. 4J?4He for large. 3Hff3Sc
for small and 3*i6'2 T ie for medium; soft Hogs,
3%c; dressed, do. 5%06c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. January 27.
Flour, qr sks .. 4.01" I Hay. tons 404
Barley, ctls 410 Chicory, bbls ... 10
Oats, ctls 1.460 Lime, bbls 20!
Cheese, ctls 101 Leather, rolls .. 51
Butter, ctls 147 Powder, cs 9
Tallow, ctls 104 Brandy, gals ... 1,600
Beans, sks 1.99) Wine, pals 75.200
Potatoes, sks .. I.SS2 Eggs, doz 6,990
Onions, sks li Raisins, bxs 140
Bran, sks Lumber, ft 15.000
Middlings, sks .. 3*7 I Hides, no 599
Shorts, sks 40 Pelts, bdls 4.735
OREGON.
.' lOats, ctls 1,040
UTAH.
'Oats, c'tls 420
THE STOCK MARKET.
Sierra Nevada advanced again yesterday,
touching Jl 15 on the noon informal session,
but fell back again on the afternoon call.
Better prospects in the mine are. said to be the
cause of the rise.
The Alta delinquent sale takes place to-day.
The Karau Mining Company of Marlposa
County has levied an assessment of 2H cents
per share, delinquent February 26.
In the Savage Mining Company's gorund on
the Comstock lode during the past week, on
the 500 level, the west crosscut started from
the north lateral drift from a point 135 feet
north of the main west crosscut has been ad
vanced 12 feet: total length ISS feet; face in
porphyry. On the 13t) level the main west drift
ha? been cleaned out and repaired a distance of
11 feet; total length 31S feet. Brunswick lode—
The north drift has been extended 23 feet: total
length 852 feet north of south line; face In
porphyry and quartz, assaying low.
The Golden Reward mine will pay a divi
dend of J15.000 on February 1.
The Mount Rosa mine paid a dividend of $10 -
000 on the 25th lnst.
The Bond Exchange reports bond salea In
1597 of $3,729,000, against J2.495.600 In 1896.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— «:3o.
500 Alta 12 200 Justice 42 !
K-0 13 SSO Mexican 2S
IPO Andes 16 200 Ophlr 63
200 Best A Belcher. 51 700 Sierra Nev 10C
200 Con Cal & Va..X 15.200 "i 05 i
| 100 Confidence 85 550 Union Con ... 50
I 100 Crown Point ... 28 100 Utah .. w .'. 13
Afternoon Session.
: 200 Alpha 08 1 200 Mexican 26
300 Alta 12:00 25
; 200 Andes 1C 300 Ophlr ... " 61
200 Belcher S3 r>oo Pot S3
100 3S ;".(' sierra Nev"'" 93
100 Best A Belcher. 60 200 .. 84
50 Caledonia 23 1 250 " 9?
200 Challenge S3 400 Union Con 4S
; 200 Crown Point ... 27 200.. 47
200 Gould A Curry.. 34 200 .".' ' li
I 500 55 200 Utah ...V.'."..".'" 12
200 Hale & Norcrs..l 35 500 Yellow Jacket " 35
300 Justice  35 i *
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: «•.«-•
Regular Session— 10:30.
1000 Andes , 17 1300 1 ln
300 Best & Beichr.. 53 . WOO . . . ,11
400. 62 400 ....'.". '.". 11!
. 250 Con Cal & Va..l 20 300 i'rril
600 Gould & Curry.. 37 700 onion Con 2
700 Hale & Nrcrs.l 424i500 ... n ?
500 Justice 41600.. . 22
700 Mexican 400..'. 2
200 Ophlr 66 200... r •"''-"■' 2: !
300.. «4!«»T7tah 7.7.7* ."" ii
! 600 Savage 18 500 il
SOO Sierra Nev 1051 13
Afternoon Session *
m£& •:::::::::::: g| a? Potosl 2
™£3&r •::::■::::: Ste*^!:::::*:"" 1?
»*> 35 coo .'.'.'..' II !
800 Best. & Beichr.. 51 JSOO Sierra" N«"v".""i 10
700 Buiiio^ ■;:::::::: joim : >*ni
; «00 Challenge 32 bOO ..;.:: l 2
2«« 33 ■ 400 j£
; 400 choiikv ":..:::::: SB::::.; :::: s
JOO Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 ! . .'.V.V " ! ! ! «
*00 110 300 |i
■ $"0 Crown Point ... 26 600.. £j
|°» 35200 '.'.";::;.. ;:;; «
7n<i 34 -".00
j^ 2«££cta£ : ■ « X ::::::::::.;:; $
200 Hale & Norcrs.. IS 2ty> .... JJ
g::::::.::.::-::::r32^::;::^vv"--l
S5 Justicv:::::::::: 1 5S IS Unlon Coii ' :::::: ' «
3J"> c -:::::::: U^yS---- «
J°« 2« 400 ;;;; %,
, wo ci m ....:.:;■■ JS
£^!:::::::EsS!;:i;;;™:E 5
too overman .:::::: gj^~^r^: 8
STOCK AND BOND - EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 27—2 p. m.
it _ _ Bid. Asked. I • Bid Asked.
US Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 65% —
4s quar c0up. .113 — Pan Gas Ira.. '.<3S 94
in quar reg.. — 11$ Fac L. Co ..... 56^ 574
4s quar new... 125 — ', S F O & 71 96 96%
Miscellaneous — Pan Fran 3>4 3*>,
Cal-st Cab ss. 113 - ! Stockton Gas. 14H — '
Cal El L. 6b .1264 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55. ..102 103 ! Firem's Fnd..197H —
Dup-st ex c. — SS-^I Bank Stocks—
E Li A P;65..129U129% Anjtlo-Cal .... 58 60
FA Ch Ry65..116 — Bank of Ca1. ..246 250
Gear-st R 6s. 93^102 Cal SD A TV. — 101.
HC A 8 54.. 105 — First Nat ....200 —
L A L. Co 6«.. — 100 , Lon P & A. .130 —
Do Kind 65. .100 101 Mer Exchnge. 12 —
; Market-Ft 6»..12« — Nev Nat 8...150 —
Do Ist M s».H4*imv; Savings Bank-
Nat Vln <a Ist — 100 Ger S * L..1475 1620
N C nfrßy.7s.lol — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 110 — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 102 103 6 F.Sav.U.. 475 —
N P C Ry 68.1044 — !p A I. 50.... — 100
N P C Ry 6s. 99% — • Security S B 150 —
Oak Gas 65... 104 — 1 Union T Co 960 ' — -
Do 2d Is 55. .111 112 j Street Railroad—
Om Ry 15.....135HU0- California ..-..105U105%
P & ORy 68.110 115 ; Peary 40 —
P&Ch Ry «a. — 110 :Market-st .... 63H MS
Powetl-st 68... — 121 Oak S L & H — —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 , Presidio IV* —
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 Powder—
SF& N P 58.105 — California .... 97^115
SPof Ar 68..101H102 E Dynamite ..85 —
S P Cal 65....109«i110H Giant Con Co 38H 89
SPC lEt eg ss. 96U100 Vigoiit 3% 4
S P Br 6s 109«% — Miscellaneous—
B V Wat 65..11?\1204 Al Pac Assn.. 99»4 99%
S V Wat .102%— Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
Stock Gas «s.. — 103 H C & S Co. 31 31H
Water- Hutch S P Co. 41 424
Contra Costa. 63 57 Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Marln Co .... M — Nat Vln Co .. — 7%
Spring Val ...100^100% Oc S Co 38^39
Gas A Electric— Pac A F Al.. I*4 3
Cent Gaslight. 98H — Pac Bor C 0... 85 100
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6% —
MEL C 0.... 15H 15H
MORNING SESSION— IO
25 Giant Powder Co 33 75
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 57%
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 38 00
20 Spring Valley Water ;....100 25
Street—
100 Market-street Railway 53 12V4
Jsooo,Market-st Ry Con Bonds 5s 115 00
125 Oceanic Steamship Co 37 50
60 do do 37 25
50 do do 37 37&
AFTERNOON SESSION.
6 Alaska Packers' Association 99 75
20 Giant Powder Con SS 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 42 00
50 Market-street Railway 53 12^
50 do do- 53 2r>
100 Mutual Electric Light 15 37^
60 Oc-anlc Steamship Co .' 3*60
5 Pacific Lighting 57 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp 93 75
10 S F Gas & Electric 96 00
45 do do 96 25
125Vigorit Powder 3 87V4
Street—
100 Anglo-Cal Bank 58 50
SAM JONES AND TALMAGE.
Sam Jones is the embodiment of an
audacity that sometimes comes very
near the border line of discourtesy. A
I clergyman who often assists him in his
series of meetings told me the other
day this story in the early history of !
Mr. Jones' evangelistic work: He was
i invited by Dr. Talma^e to hold a series
\ of meetiners in the doctor's Brooklyn
j church. Mr. Jones went to Dr. Tal
| mage's horre during the afternoon of
j the day on which his engagement be
i gan and introduced himself. Mr. Tal
: mage looked him over and was evident
ly a little taken aback at the rather
shabby appearance of the evangelist.
As it approached evening he said:
"Brother Jones, would you take it
amiss if I presented you with a new
, suit of clothes?" "Certainly not," said
the accommodating Samuel. He was
taken to a clothier and fitted from head
to foot, tapping all with a high hat.
At church the doctor introduced him
as the Rev. Samuel P. Jones from
Georgia. Mr. Jones arose with his new
hat In hand and repeated: "Yes; the .
| Rev. Samuel P. Jones from Georgia.'
and added: "And this is the new suit
' of clothes and this the new hat your
pastOT has presented to me. If your !
pastor had as much of the grace of
God In his heart as he has pride, he j
would convert all Brooklyn, and would :
not need me."— Homiletlc Review.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. I*9B.
I
boon's Phases.
O. Full Moon,
i) Jan. 7.
f "
_ .<f-Laat Quarter.
iS, Jan. 15.
15
22 /^\ New Moon,
\^/ Jan. 22.
29
| -^ First Quarter,
3 Jan. 2x
.'ill
■■■ I
Tu.
\v
'-.
'■
-
—
—
2
3
4
a
I
-
I i
—
I
I
10
I 11
12
»
14
I —
16
I 17
19
20
21
I
I
—
.
»
»
28
27
<28
I
I
1
SO
■
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Steamer.
Mackinaw
Walla Walla.
San Mateo ...
CottatreClty
Del None.
Queen
Pomona.
Wellington
North Fork
State of Cai
Orizaba
Aroata
Homer
San Bits ..
: A. Blanc hard.. .
! Alliance
i Umatllla ... .
City of Rio J...
Emplr*
President.
Willamette
Proirreso..
Washteaaw
Santa Rosa. .
Crescent City.
Columoia
Coos Bay
'
r.icoma
Victoria and Pugret Snd...
"•>mox
Vow York
.5 rays Harbor
■Jan Dl*>uo
'lumboiflt Bay
Departure Bay
mimtx)iclt
Portiana :
Mexico
Hoos Bay „ j
Newport. i
i Panama j
Yaquina Bay
Yukon
Victoria * Pusret Sna
China and Japan I
Coos Bay i
1 Yaqulna Bay j
Seattle i
Seattle
Tacoma ]
San Diego ;
Crescent Cltv
Portiana j
Newport i
■Tan 26
Jan 27
lan 27
Jan 28
Jan 28
Jan 29
.lan 29
Jan TJ ;
Jan 30
Jan «)
i Jan 30
Jan sil
Jan 31
| Jan 31 ;
Jan 31
Feb 1 |
Feb 1
!Feb 1
Feb 1
Feb 2
Feb 2
Feb 2
Feb 2 I
Feb 2 i
Feb 3 !
Feb 4
Fob 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
. I Destination i
Saiw.
I Columbia.. Portland Jan 28.10 am I Pier 2i
! Colon Panama .... .. Jan 28. 12 m PM SS
| Jennie Coqullle Rver ! Jan 28, 5 pm Pier 2
i Crescent C. Crescent City. Jan 29, 3 pm Pier 28
Coos Bay ..; Newport. Jan ML 9am Pier 11
[ Oueen Alaska Jan 30. 4 pm pier 9
DelJJorte.. Grays Harbor Jan 30,12 m Pier 2
Pomona . San Dlejro Jan 31.11 am: Pier 11
! Walla WU.i Vie A P Sound Jan 31. 10 am pier 9
i Humboldt.. Skag-uax Fob 1, Pier 3
: Arcata Coos Bay Feb 1, 10 am Pier 13
Homer — Hnmboldt Feb 1. 2 pm Pier 9
State of Cal Portland IFeb 2.10 am Pier 2*
Alameda... Sydney Feb 3, 2 pm Pier T
Coptic China* Japan. Feb 3, 1 pm PM SS
Weeott Humbldt Bay. Fab 8. 9 am Pier la
Santa Rosa San D'.egro Feb 4.11 am Pier 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and G»odetlc Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hijrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf > about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JANUARY— IS9S.
Friday, January 28.
Son rises ,  7-17
Sun sets '.'..'.b'-.TS
; Moon seta. x M
► Tim? Feet Time Feet Time Feel Time ~'
5 H W I, W IHW I, .W
Si 3:531 unsm ~U -02 ~SJ, TPTJ~O3
29 4::«: 5.C 11:47 1.:- fi:2! 3.S »*' 0 9
30 5:21 5.0 12:56 1.0 • 8:18 3.4 11:25 30
31 6:12 4.y 1:55 0.6 9:34 3.7 ..
. L W H\V L W h' YV '
1 0:34 8.4 7:01 4.9 2:42 0.3 10:22 3.9
2 1:89 B.r. 7:50 5.0 3:21 0.1 10:55 4.2
3 2:32 3.5 8:35 6.1 8:54 0.1 11:24 «3
NOTE —In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third »ime column tSe third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
L nited States Coast Survey charts, except
wh»n a minus sign (— > precedes the height and
then the number given Is subtractlve from th«
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdroirraphle
OTW. located In the Merchants' Exchange. !s
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. " ■
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the bulldlntr on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes b<*fnr»
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic slgnnl received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether trie time hall w«*
dropped on time or pivlna- th* error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning r>np<»rs th* following
flay. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N'.. In charge.
THE TIME BALL.
I Branch Hydro^raphlc Ofncr. U. S. N . Mer
rhantK" Exchange, San Francisco. January
J7. I*9B.
Tne time ball on Teleirraph Hill »»«
dropped exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly at R n m..
Greenwich time. W. S HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in char**.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVKD.
Thursday. January 27.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports; produce, to Goodall, Perkins '
' & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gag-e, 60»4 hours from
, Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and
md», to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
' Mendoclno: pass and mdse. to Mendoclno
Lumber Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, 75 hours from New- >
port, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Per- j
kins & Co.'
Ship C F Sargent, Haskell. 7 days from De
parture Bay; 2392 too* soal. to It Dunsmuir
Sons Co.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, 19 hrs from
Point Arena; 160 cds wood, to Bender Bros.
CLEARED.
Thursday, Januar- 27. %
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Ship America. Harding, Nanaimo; R Duns
muir Sons Co. _ ,
Ger schr Hercules, waiting, Jalult; Wil
kins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 17.
Stmr National City. Andresen. San Diego.
Stmr. Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Cleone. Walvig. _ .
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolsnn, Port Harford.
Tug Monarch, Harvey, Port Townsend.
Ship America, Harding. Nanaimo.
Bark Wilna. Slater, Seattle.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, Coquille River.
Schr Webfoot. Donnell. Grays Harbor.
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Amethyst. Johanssen.
Schr Bella, Smith. Tillamook.
f-chr Fortunn. Roslch, Eureka.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Bthlers Point.
Schr Guide. Olsen.
Schr J G - Wall. BJornstrom, Tillamook.
Schr Alton. Sheldon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 27. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind N\V; velocity 10 miles.
CHARTERS.
The George Stetson loads sugar at Honolulu
for New York.
SPOKEN.
Jan 11—3 SSI W. Br ship Marechal Suchet,
from Oregon for Queenstown.
Jan 6—32 N 41 W. ship Roanoke, from New
York for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Br ship Lord Shaftesbury, Cunningham. 78
days from Sydney, arrived off this port and
was ordered to proceed to Portland. Or, by
the pilot-boat Bonita.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
NEWPORT— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Challenger,
for Seattle.
POINT ARENA— Jan 27— Stmr Alca
zar and stmr Greenwood.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan Stmr Jewel, from
San Pedro.
TACOM A— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Comet, for
San Pedro.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 27— Haw stmr
San Mateo. from Comox for Port Los Angeles.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Al
cazar, hence Jan 26.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan Stmr Pomona, ho
Jan 26.
MOSS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan Schr Jo«
Russ, from New Whatcom. ■
POINT REYES— Passed Jan Nor stmr
Peter Jabsen, from San Diego for Nanaimo.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 27— Str North Fork,
hence Jan 25.
SAN DIEGO— Jan 27— H B M stmr
Pheasant. -.> -: ;'
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr "West
port, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 27— Br ships Milton
park and Port Caledonia, for Queenstown.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 27— Stmr Willam
ette, hence Jan 24 for Seattle.
FOREIGN POUTS.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan 27— Schr
Carrier Dove, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 27— Br Btmr Ga
elic, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 27— Br Btmr Do
ric, hence ' Dec 28. '": t_
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan Bark _
Snow & Burgess,, for San FranlCßCo.
QUEENSTOWN— Jan 26— Br ship
Muskoka, hence Oct 19.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 25— Br ship Socotra,
for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Jan 24— stmr Algoa,
from Tacoma for St Vincent.
Arrived— Br ship Cralgerne, from
i Oregon.
<1?K TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Norge, for Copenhagen;
i stmr Augusa Victoria, for Alexandria, etc.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr Waes
land, for Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, for New
York.
STETTIN— SaiIed Jan Stmr Island, fop
New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr
Thingvalla, from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Patria,
i from New York. .■■'-' ■:-
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr Havel,
I for New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
! MENDOCINO, ETC— Per Point Arena— l7o M
I ft lumber, 10C0 posts, 18.250 shingles, 53 pkgs
! hides and pelts, 1 sk tails, 2 bxs plants, 2 bxs
! seed, 4 bxs apples, 13 bxs butter, 6 cs eggs,
] 40 sks potatoes, 40 sks S seeds, 4 bxs fish, 2
pkgs mdse, 2 dressed calves.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 3 bdls skins,2l bxs
'• apples.
Santa Cruz— bbls wine, 1 lot household
furniture, 325 bbls lime, 11 cs cheese, 3 bxs
butter, 2'^s bbls 1 puncheon wine.
Moss Landing— l bx butter. 10S6 ska pota
i toes. 3 cs varnish.
Pigeon Point— bxs cheese, 494 sks beans,
22 sks wheat. - .-. ,
Amesport— 62 sks oats, 73 sks wheat, 300 sks
barley. '
NEWPORT— Coos Bay— bbls wine.
60 sks nuts, 6 bbls sweet potatoes.
East San Pedro— 22 sks hickory nuts, 1 bbl
glassware, 5 bbls beer.
San Pedro— 2oo sks wall plaster, 1 lot house
hold furniture, 800 sks corn. [ ■»
Hueneme— cs eggs, 3 pkgs mdse. ! • y
• Ventura— l chest tools. 1 ■ t>x groceries, 277
| bxs oranges, 54 bxs lemons, 1 cs clothing.
Santa Barbara— l bx music. 3 bxs old plates,
I 12 sks walnuts. 20 bxs lemons, 4 sks crawfish.
Goleta— pkgs assorted Junk.
Gaviota— 2 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs, -31 sacks
crawfish.
. Port Harford— l sk dried fruits, 32 scs eggs,
• 1 bx fruit, — bxs butter, 1 bbl 25 bxs butter,
6 dressed calves, 17 dressed hogs, 2 bxs fish.
Cayucos— sk abalones, 32 bxs butter, 11 cs
eggs, 57 dressed calves, 1 coop chickens.
San Simeon— bx fish, 35 bxs but^r, 10 cs
eggs. 5 bdls hides, 25 dressed calves, 12 bxs
apples, 1 bdl harness. 4 sks D abalones.
TACOMA— Per Walla Walla— lß pkgs Junk,
598 green hides, 40 pkgs mdse, 12 pkgs Yukon
I sleds, 31 pcs lumber. 2 cs drugs, 953 sks wheat,
1200 bars bullion, 133 bdls basket stock, 4 cs
books.
Tacoma, west of Fargo— l2 pkgs mdse. Isk
908 qr-sks 1542 hf-sks flour, 3 stoves, 65 ska
! feed, 555 sks bran, 253 sks flax, 2330 sks oats,
2162 sks wheat.
Everett — 35 pkgs mdse, 2100 bars bullion.
Anacortes— 7236 sks oats.
New Whatcom — 4 crates mdse, 1 bx tobacco.
I 3082 pcs lumber.
Victoria— soß bdls hides, 11 bdls O calves, 1
! pkg express. 1 sk coin.
Port Townsend— pkgs express. 1 sk coin.
Seattle — 189 pkgs mdse. 294 bdls salt hides,
1 250 bdls 1 cs 99 rolls paper. 4047 sks oats, 1 cs
cigarettes. 150 cs salmon, 35 pkgs sleds, 4 sks
guano, 148 boat knees, 15 cske 3 crates bottled
beer, 3 cs 3 bbls candy, 4 bxs crockery, 134
bdls green hides, 13 bdls C skins, 7 pkgs ex
press, 2 sks coin.
Seattle ex G N Ry— 50 sks flour. 1320 copper
ingots, S pkgs mdse, 2 os shoes, 52 bdls green
hides, 2 bdls C skins. 47 bdls sheep pelts, 13
bdls dry hides. 1 sk switches.
East via Vancouver— pkgs drills, 4 pkgs
mdse, 30 pkgs preserves. 25 cs hats. 4 hhds 64
I cs 20 pkgs tobacco. 35 cs cigarettes, 4 bdls
' wagon shafts, 1 bx brushes, 1 car ash and oak
lumber. 370 bxs soap. 69 cs cardboard, 233 kegs
lard, 19 Mis spokes, 10 bxs starch, 2680 bxs
tinplate, 14 pianos. 1126 pkgs iron wire. 113 b<ila
26 crates paper, 375 bxs corn. 60 bbls com oil,
: 18 pkgs tea, 627 bdls green hides.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Point Arena— W B Sumner & Co; Golden
Gate Park: A J Johnson; Cox Seed and Plant
Co; A Gundle; Russ, Eearly & Co; Ross &
1 Hewlett: Behrman Bros; Dennißon & Fell
ing; J H Cain & Co; Smith & Cllft; Mendo
! clno Lumber Co: J B Wagner.
Per Coos Bay— Schilling & Co; W C Pries
& Co: Abramson & Co; Hills Bros: Bunnell *
Co: Smith & Young: P F Drum: Wielan^
Brewing Co; Geo H Peck & Co; Standard Oil
Co: Hilmer, Bredhoff & Schulz: Italian-Swiss
Colony: National Brewery: Nolan & Co: J De
martini: Mitchell & Goodall; Minaker & Wel
banks; G B Miller; Kohler & Chase: American
Press Assn; H H Hogan; Cal Bottling Co; J
Ivancovich & Co; Shasta Mm Water Co; J R
Inguglia: A Levy & Co; A Paladin! ; American
Union Fish Co: Charles Harley & Co; Chas
Jacobsen & Co: S Levy & Co: Wheaton. Breon
& Co- Dairymen's Union: J H Bilss: Marshall
& Re'imers: C E Whitney & Co: T D Marsh
field- Wltzel & Baker; Yon Ronn & Co: Nor
ton, Teller & Co: M T Freitas * Co; J HNew
bauer & Co; Russ. Early & Co: D E Allison
i A Co: A Pallies: Western Meat Co: A Wyss;
L D Stone & Co: Sanford Bros; Standard Oil
Co; O B Smith & Co; Hills Bros; Getz Bros &
Co: Wellman. Peck & Co: D De Bernard! &
Co- Ross & Hewlett: A Fodera; .1 Hoffman: V
T'ri & Co: Brlgham. Hopp» & Co: H Meyer;
Blsslnger A Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co: Mar
| shall. Teggart & Co: x l Klrchmann A- Co;
Hooker * Co:.J Schweitzer * Co; Montgom
ery & Co; Stewart & Co; Westhoff & Co.
Per Standard Oil Co; Cal Bottling
Co: H Waldeck: A Galll Fruit Co: R H Ray
mond: H Cowell & Co; Norton. Teller & Co;
Dairymen's Union: Hilmer. Bredhoff & Schulz:
Hills Bros: H Schulz: F B Haltrhf. Ross &
Hewlett: Wolf & Sons; Tom Stretch: Well
man. Peck & Co: R E Steele: H Dutard: B
Frapolli; Russ, Eearly & Co; Bray's Sons &
Co. .
Per Walla Walla— Bi3slncer & Co: Charles
Harley & Co: California Wine Assn: Dunham.
Carrigan & Co: Dtcklns Lumber Co; Mattuccl
& Vanucci: Swayne & Hoyt : Thns Watson:
Selby Smelting & Lead Co: Chas Winter: c E
Hartman: Henderson Wollen-mllls; Amer Bis
cuit Co: PEC, Senlr: W J Wiley; G TV How
ard: Moore. Ferguson & Co: Nelson. Story &
Co; S Stlefvater & Co: J Everdlner * Co- Geo
1 Morrow '& Co; Kittle & Co: J M Pettlgrew- H
Dutard; Allen & Lewis: Henry F Allen- S P
Milling Co: Wleland Brewing Co: c, v' Zim
merman: Smith's Cash • Store: M P Kohlbere
&■ Co: Belltngham Bay" lmp Co: G TV Gibbs £
Co: The Examiner; Triest & Co ■ c H Meyer
; A Bros: Amer Tobacco Co: S J Frledlandrr *•
I Co; H Bohls & Co: John QU *' 1t " MKlt*m,illp£-
H S Crocker . & Co; Magner Bros; J Wolff :
Robert. Crooks & Co: Standard Oil Co: Sher
man. Clay & Co: Union Can Co- xrii>>.v.,J,
To, Amer Carh Acid Gas Co- » Roth
Co: G Migilavaccar.Ooodall Perkins *r IT S
Healdsburg C Co; Howe Supply Co- T «n^. J\ '
Co: Italian-Swiss Colony; J T HavUldp" T>£
Butterick Pub Co: Mohim & KaltenbacV'w P
Morsran: Rothschild &- Rhrrnpfort Tm™
* Bendel: Cleveland r a ?4 ""n W J F.r"
FuK; * 81 ?° & r C r- R " Va! Milling Co; Tb£
Denlgan. > S on, & Co ; VisaUa %RELIGION IN
THE COLLEGE
Stanford and Berkeley
Professors Express
Opinions.
All Agree That Christian Doc
trine !s Necessary to
Education.
Influential Men Gather hi the Services
of the Day oi Prayer fop
Colleges.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, January 27.
The Day of Prayer for Colleges was
observed at the First Congregational
Church to-day with a unk-n meeting.
The speakers were prominent profes
sors of the State and Stanford univer
sities. Their addresses were listened to
by an appreciative audience, and
among those present were nearly all
of the local pastors and professors of
the denominational schools located in
this city. The meeting closed to-night
after thre-"> sessions.
The first address was that of Pro
fessor Show of Stanford, his topic be
ing. 'Are the needs of Christian edu
cation adequately met at present on the
Pacific Coast? Are more Christian col
leges needed? Do our universities suf
fice for California?" Among state
ments made by him was the following:
"Christian education differs from any
other education. Christian education is
not simply to advance denominational
interests. The best Christian colleges
of our land are not the narrow kind.
There is as large a place for the de
nominational college as there is for the
denominational paper or church. The
Christian college is well up with the
best State institutions of this land:
in fact, the great State Institutions re
ceived their best Ideas from thf> Chris
tian colleges. Th^ Christian college has
a different environment than the other
colleges. Tn the Christian college it
should bo \h<- easiest thing to become a
Christian and live a Christian life, and
as hard as possible n< >t to be. It is
more important th.it a tt-acher's moral
character be above reproach than that
he or Bhe be of tlv hichest learning.
The school will be what the teachers
are. and Christian colleges should have
Christian professors. The
Christian college town makes a nice
place in which to live. It has ideal
homes for environments.
President Kello^ of the University
of California followed with a plea for
every denomination to erect and main
tain Christian halls in the vicinity of
the State universities. He also wanted
t,, po^. every church in Berkeley have
two pastors, one for the pastoral work
and one to prepare and preach the ser
mons.
The afternoon session opened with
the topic: "The public schools as a fac
tor in church work. Is their influence
helpful? What is the church's oppor
tunity concerning them?" Rev. E. S.
Chapman. D.D.. was the speaker, and
ure-'i a closer connection between the
school and home.
The next topic was: "Moral and re
ligious teaching in schools and col
leges. Can it be increased? Where doeg
the responsibility rest? May such
teaching safely be left to the home and
the church?" Professor Thoburn of
Stanford University was announced for
this subject, but was unable to be pres
ent. Professor Elmer E. Brown of the
University of California accepted an
invitation to speak extemporaneously,
and said in part:
"The history of the modern educa
tional institution is the history of the
changres in the relation of the church
and State. In the expulsion of reli
gious teaching from the public schools
we are dealing with an institutional
relation. I do not believe that we are
mooting to protest against the provi
sions barring ecclesiastical teachings.
The church as a <-hurch nor the doc
trines of a church as doctrines of a
church cannot be recognized in our
great institutions of learning. More
harm has bean <; >ne fighting to intro
duce religious works, prepared for the
■ . Into the schools than
would ever have resulted from the In
troduction of the Bible itself.
SAYS THERE ARE
NO QUICKSANDS
Roberts Claims That the Report
From Washington Is
* Untrue.
Ho Made No Mention of It in the
Statement Sent to the
East.
A communication from "Washington to
the effect that quicksand has been dis
covered on the new postoffice site is de
nied by Superintendent Roberts. He
claims . that he is the only man who
would be authorized in forwarding a re
port to such effect to Washington.
Mr. Roberts gave the following state
ment last night in referring to the tele
gram:
"I do not place the least Importance in
this report as the officials at Washington
v.-ere not notified of the existence of
Quicksands on the permises at Seventh
and Mission streets, because there is not
the least indication of any.
"In the report which I forwarded to
Washing-ton last Saturday I made no
mention nor did I even hint that I had
doubts as to whether there was quick-
Band In the northwest corner of the lot,
as I firmly believe that the soil here, if
not equally as good as in other sections,
is of a character which will stand any
amount of weight without danger of sink
ing.
"Who the author of this report may be
I have not the least idea, but I will be
authority for the fact that it is not true
and did not emanate from me."
NAMES FOR THE GRAND JURY.
Complete List Selected by the
Judges of the Superior Court.
The names of the residents of this city
from which two Grand Juries will be
chosen for the present year have been
selected by the twelve Judges of the Su
perior Court and were placed on file yes
terday. The names selected by each
Jurlgo follow:
Judse Seawell— J. 6. Webster. 1812 Pa
cific avenue; John P. McKee, Laurel and
Washington; A. A. Watkins, 1302 Laguna;
James O'Connor, 217 Mason; G. Howard
Thompson, 952 Bush; Frank J. Symmes.
620 Harrlbon; Benjamin Newman, 1816 Sac
ramento; C. E. Grunsky, 3006 Clay; E. B.
Pond. 1019 California; A. H. R. Schmidt.
2627 California; Vv\ G. Richardson, 109
1-rederuk; <\ a. Murdoch, 271u Scott.
Judge Daingerfield— William Lewis. 24
•'w r ?-'? : A J - Vanderwhito, 2002 Green-
S'ch: J-,dward Lebenthal. 132G Steiner.
William Right, 3018 Buchanan; William
Kaiser. 2113 Post: John Rafferty, 544 Fol
som; (. hristopher Dunker, 332 Fremont;
F. W. Zehfuss, 734 Oak; Conrad Herrman,
B8 Kearny; H. H. Young. 22S Kearny;
Charles B. Platt. 110 California; Henry
Crallagher, 1229 Clay.
Judge Bahrs— John D. Spreckels. How
ard and Twenty -first; E. Morse. 621
O'FarroU; George Schafer, 14 Shotwell; F.
P. Schuster. 423 Valencia; William H.
L,eahy, 2.S Eddy; J. J. Groom, 942 Market;
Julian Newbauer. 226 Front; Julius Boy
sen, ISI3 Lyon; D. li. Faktor. 527 Fillmore;
A. G. Hagodorn. 112S Buchanan; Richard
Finking, Ml Kearny.
Judge Hebbard— A. C. Robinson. 3".
Kearny; George H. Luchsinger, 316 Scott;
William H. Little, 312 Market; William
Crocker. 524 Fifth; E. W. Hawkins, 11
Montgomery* Albert J. Roisnn, 510 Sate
Deposit blinding; Henry F. Wynne, cor
i.t-r Twenty-second ami Potaom; P. A. El
liott, 4111 Twentieth; Henry O. Wiedero.
Fourth and Mission; J. Farnham. 317
Bay; James W. Burnham, 63 Market;
Thomas Doolan. 1424 Mission.
Judge, Hunt— James C. Bourbln, 1301
Stefner; A. Hoof. 1262 Post; William B.
Bourne. 2020 Broderick; James Hogg. 2620
Buchanan; M. H. Eiecbt. -I'" 1 Washing
ton; Robert McMurray. 2106 Pactnc; \ an
derlynn Stow. 1922 Sacramento; L. E. \ an
Winkle. 2319 Scott; W. H. Tratt, 1917
Vallejo; Kobert Coulter, 1921 Clay; John
T. Magner. 1518 Pacific; H. M. Black. 221
Broderick.
Judge Wallace— Alexander Hamilton.
Pine and Davis; James J. Leggie. 4 Cali
fornia; L,. S. Bachman, 112 Bansome; V\ 11
liam Costello. 11l Post: Charles B. Fenn.
42 Ph. •lan building: William P. Morgan,
834 Mission: Adolph Roos, 27 Kearny;
Albert S. dp (Jut.rre, 4<M Montgomery;
Frank A. Swain, US Butter: A. J Mc-
Nlcoll, 122 Main; Maurice Black, los Pine;
B. P. Oliver. 1!4 Montgomery.
Judge Belcher-Joseph D. Crant. Bush
and Bansome; Edwin Danforth. Rattory
and Bus!:; John !.. Haskell, 2219 Van
(Cess; George H. Buckingham. 115 Mont
gomery; John D. McGllvray. Second and
King; "Henry J. Crocker, 215 Bush: Samuel
J. Hendy, 38 Fremont; L. A. Hayward.
1015 Valencia; George A. Kohn. 300 Front;
S. C. Irving. IM Battery; Thomas Magee,
4 Montgomery; Prank Dalton. 306 Davis.
Judge Troutt— N. P. Cole, lull Stelner;
C. B. Perkins. 72S Halght; C. N. Taber,
3360 Twenty-third; William E. Luts, M2S
Baker; E. N. Fritz. 100 Frederick; Hiram
H. Hobbs, 1708 Geary; F. H. Hubert, nil
Steiner; Richard Pah), 326 Kearny; Luke
Rattles, Ninth avenue, near Pulton; John
T. Sullivan. 1821 Baker; <>. C. Bauer, 1U35
Market; Henry Smith. 2614 Market.
Jud«e Coffey— Arthur Frellng, 529 Tay
lor; Janus Humphrey. Slttt Geary: Mi-
J. Vaughan. 3942 Twenty-third;
George humming, 20 Fell; Pierre Drey
• Turk; David W. Walter. Iwt
\'an Xess avenue; Augustus Tillman, 313
Minna: Patrick J. Healy, 829 Mission,
Patrick Plover, 725 Gough; Louis Meyer
st.'in. 611 Van N< ss avenue: W*lliam J.
Smith, y2l Hyde; Joseph Jordan, 2541 Mis
sion.
Judge Slack— L. H. Bonestell. 401 Pan
pome: William J. Calllnpham, 420 Califor
nia; H. X. Gray, K:tf Bush; William A.
Halstead, MO lusalon; John A. Hooper
rornia; Edward H. Norton. 400 Mar
kr-t; Charles B. Jennings. 121 California-
N. A. Judd. 23 First; Charles H. Ifaas*.
421 Pacific; George a. Ncwhall. 309 San
some; Jacob Schweitzer, 519 Clay; Sid
ney M. Smith. 125 Market.
Judge Dunne— James C. Nealon, 928
Haight; SylvJan Levy, 1427 Fulton; Geor^o
D. Graham, 52S Commercial; Edward M<-
Gratb, 24 Pearl; Joseph Prestoi
Seventh avenue; George D. Clark. IT and
19 Spear; John P. Henry; W. A. Fred
erick. 142^ Mission: Bernard Schweitzer
19 Battery; John B. Mclntyre. 422 <'"in
merctal; John F. Renault." 110 Ninth;
Frederick Potek, 181;", Laguna.
Judge Cook— j. B. Stetson, Is<M Van
Xess avenue; J. L. Rathbone. 201 Crocker
building: H. M. Holbronk. 221 Market; J
F. Houghton, 223 Mission; Irving M
Scott, 202 Market: Jacob Levl Sr . 117
Market; J. L. Mcl.nughlin. 2M Chenerv
P. X. Lillenthal. Anglo-Californian Bank-
George W. Beaver. 50S Montgomery; P. B
Cornwall, Page and Buchanan.
FATHER YORKE
ON INDULGENCES
He Defines the Term and Traces
Its Origin Back to
Christ.
Ha Scores tho Idea That They
Are Sold to Peni
tents.
Father Yorke delivered an Intensely in
teresting and instructive lecture before
an immense audience at Mangel Hall last
evening on the subject of indulgence?.
He traced the custom of this commutation
of sin back to the early ages of Chris
tianity and told of its origin, develop
ment, and former abuse by the wicked
tyrants who usurped the Papal authority
and dispensed indulgences in order
to obtain money from penitents on prom
ise of a full remission of punishment for
their transgressions.
The beginning of the lecture was de
voted to the explanation of the term and
a brief definition of what Catholics gen
erally understand by the custom of In
dulgences. "Nothing is so universal as
sin, " said the lecturer, "and the best
of us know that we cannot escape tho
ravages, and that many of us fall short
of what we should be as far as being free
from Bin is concerned. The natural ques
tion arising from this question is what
must we do to cleanse our souls and wipe
away the stain of sin? This is a Ques
tion which has tormented men from the
beginning, and they have done every
thing in their power and have undergone
the most excruciating self-inflicted tor
ments to make compensation for their
v.T'iiitr-doingsi. If there is an all merci
ful God he rannot stand by and see his
creatures suffer such torment and not
put the means of repentonee at their dis
posal. That God is all just and merciful
has been shown by him in sending his son
upon earth to wash away the curse of
mankind."
Father Yorke here touched upon the
subject of the confessional and spoke of
the priest's nfflce as nearly that of a
mediator between man and God, affirming
that nobody had the power of forgiving
sins but the Almighty. "The Catholic
Church has never given the privilege of
committing sin to any man and does not
posseas the power to do so. When the
church grants an indulgence it doesn't
mean that the person to whom It la
granted ran go on a wild rampage and
commit as many Bins as he likes.
THE HALL JURY
HAS DISAGREED
The Accused Will Have to Be
Retried for Mrs. Coak
ley's Murder.
No Verdict Could Be Reached After
Over Nineteen Hours'
Deliberation.
Dr. Samuel Hall, charged with the mur
der of Mrs. I<Jb Coakley, will have to be
tried again. Yesterday at noon, after
being out over nineteen hours, the jury
that for several days listened to the testi
mony introduced in the trial, Informed
Judge Dunne that a verdict could not be
reached. The court then ordered the Jury
discharged.
The argument !n the trial of Hall closed
shortly before 5 o'clock Wednesday after
noon, and the fate of the prisoner was
left In the hands of the jury. At 11
o'clock Judpe Dunne ordered the jury
locked up for the night. At noon yester
day, however, the jury became wearlrd
from Its long: deliberation and Informed
the court that It could not reach a ver
dict. It was then discharged.
Although the Jury was not polled it was
understood that seven voted for acquittal
while five stood out for conviction it
will probabjy be many weeks before the
case iB retried, pnd In the meantime Hall
will probably remain in the custody of the
Sheriff.
To Cure a Cold 1.-j One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qutoln Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure
Kc. The crenulne has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, IS9S.
FLOOD'S PLEA
FOR PARDON
Story of a Remarkable
Defalcation Vividly-
Recalled.
Defaulting Cashier Confessed,
but Told a Strange Story
of Shielding Others.
Stockholders oTthe Bank Were Never
Called Upon to Pay Any Portion
or the Loss of 5146.000.
The application now pending before
the Board of Stato Prison Directors foT
the pardon of John W. Flood recalls
he story of a remarkable defalcation.
Flood was the trusted cashier of the
old banking house of Donohoe, Kelly &
Co. One day the surprising revelation
was made that he had taken $166,000
of the bank's money. The founders of
the bank could hardly believe the state
ment when the positive proof was pre
sented to them.
To make a long story short Flood !
confessed to the embezzlement, but de
clared the money was taken to protect
others, but he declined to reveal the
identity of the person or persons about
whom he had thrown the mantle of
protecting silence. Mystery was there
fore added to the wrongdoing. After
considerable delay In court Flood was
convicted, sentenced and sent to San
Quentin Prison, where he has been con- j
fined for nearly four years.
The bank obtained property In the i
possession of Flood amounting In value ■
to $20,000. The remaining deficit of $146,
000 was paid by the families, respect
ively, of Mr. Donohoe and Mr. Kelly.
The stockholders of the bank were nev
er called upon to sustain any part of ''
the loss. A few days a?o the bank
consented to the release of an attach
ment on th<* home of Flood.
When Flood went before the prison
directors to make a statement in his
own behalf and present the reasons for
asking that a pardon be granted he
told pretty much the same story that
he gave to the managers of the bank
at the time the defalcation was dis
closed. He declined, as in the first in
stance, to disclose the Identity of the
person or persons for whom the money
was taken.
A vague hint was once thrown out
that the eon-in-law of a well-known
I nitcd States Senator failed to make
gc^od a large sum of money which
Flood advanced to him to cover an in-
Ktant emergency at the office of a
broker: but this man who wns reported
to have been assisted by Flood's con
fidence and generority trvit* tie ru
mor with playful scorn, observing that
no one would think of crediting him
with one-tenth of the sum mentioned
by Flood.
No steps have been taken by any onp
representing the bank or speaking for
the families of the men who founded
the banking institution to plnrp n sin
gle obstacle in the w«iy of Flood's par
ti-. -n. Since thf trial and conviction of
Fl';od the venerable bai.kers, Mr. Pon
<>hoe and Mr Kelly, li.^vf been gath
cied to their fathers. To tho last they
cherished no feeling of resentment or
animosity toward the trusted employe
who had so grievousiy betrayed the
confidence which* they had reposed in
him, nor do their descendants harbor
any ill-will toward the old and broken
down cashier now serving a term in
San Qucntin. The law will take its
course without any suggestion or in
dication from the bank. Flood was in
the service of Donohoe & Kelly for
twenty years. H» is now about 67
years of agre, and two years of his sen
tence to imprisonment remain to be
served.
Tho story that the defaulter took the
money to shield some person or persons
from dlsprace and exposure is not cred
ited by men familiar with the circum
stances of the defalcation. The pecu
lations covered a period of years, as the
doctored books Indicated.
FROM ASYLUM TO
A PRISON CELL
Mrs. Lydia P. Wilson Now
Trial for the Murder of
Her Husband.
The Tragedy Occurred Over Three
Years Ago — The Defendant Sub
sequently Sent to Agnews.
From the madhouse to prison, then to
the courtroom to be tried for the murder
|of her husband. Such is the story of the
last three years of the life of Mrs. Lydia
P. Wilson.
On the night of September 25, 1594,
; Henry Wilson, a seafaring man, was
j found dead at his home on Powell street.
; A bullet hole in his right temple told the
j story of a murder, but who had been his
slayer for a time remained a mystery.
His wife, Lydia P. Wilson, was finally
suspected and placed under arrest. Dur
ing her preliminary examination Bhe
manifested signs of insanity and the
Commissioners of Lunacy examined her.
Bhe was found to be mentally deranged
and was sent to Agnews Asylum for
j treatment.
For several months her condition re
mained the same, but about a year ago
she began to improve and a short tlmo
ago she was declared mentally Bound
Sho waa discharged from the asylum and
was turned over to the authorities of this
city that the charge of murder against
her might be disposed of.
Yesterday her case was called in Judge
Dunne's department and by 11 o'clock the
jury had been selected and the prosecu
tion opened its case.
The first witness called was A. Cohen
He testified that shortly before the mur
der of Henry Wilson he sold the prisoner
a revolver. She told him that "hoods"
were annoying her and she wanted a
weapon with which to protect herself
Cohen said that she acted strangely and
he told her not to shoot any one and she
promised him thct she would not.
R. J. Horn, a stock broker, was the
next witness called. Mrs. Wilson had
visited him many times, he said, and told
1 him that her husband was conspiring
with others to get possession of some
; stock she had in her possession. The
stock was valueless, and owing to this
; fact he believed that she was insarie
During the afternoon I;r. F. L. Emer
; son was the most important witness
called. He testified as to the wound
! producing the death of Wilson and said
; that it might have been self-inflicted.
Many otner witnesses were put on the
stand is the afternoon, but their testi
mony was unimportant.
WRANGLING OVER ATHLETICS.
Wordy War Being Waged in the
Columns of the Californian.
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— Dr. Robert Por
ter, who played fullback on the Univer
sity of California eleven of '94, in a com
munication in to-day's Californlan de
fends ex-Coach Nott against the recent
charges of incapacity and questions the
wisdom of engaging Cochran of Prince
ton as coach. "Our football salvation,"
he declares, "is not to come alone from
the Importation of the great Cochran."
Editor Creed of the college daily re
torts to Porter's letter, which he charac
terizes as a "monumeit of inconsisten
cies." "As a sort of welcome to Garrett
Cochran," he says, "he points out men
who would make bettor coaches. It is
our opinion that Cochran will noe be dis
couraged by criticisms of hJs selection
before he has had an opportunity of de
fending himself ly his work on the field,
but it is a hit amusing to undergraduates
to find their censors guilty of faults iden
tical with their own."
Brown flsked to Explalr).
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.-Professor Soul".
chairman of the students' affairs oocn<
mittee. to-day summoned Football Man
ager Everett J. Brown to give an ex
planation of his denunciation yesterday
of the faculty athletics committee. Just
What action will be taken by the faculty
in regard to Brown President Kellogg
was unable this afternoon to tell. He
stilted that thus far no official action had
been taken. Considerable feeling has b^en
aroused among the students by the pres
ent athletic controversy, and a meeting
of the associated students will probably
be held Monday to consider the question
of reorganizing the athletic committee of
the faculty.
One Jap Pays Mis Tuition Fee.
ALAMKDA, Jan. 27.— Jiro Harada, one
of the Japanese students at the high
school who was dismissed on 'account of
being a legal non-resident, has complied
with the law requiring tuition fees from
such pupils, has paid his dues and gone
back to P<hool. He is in the junior class
of the school and acknowledges the jus
tice of the law requiring him to pay for
his education. The others, however, have
niaJe no move as yet toward paying for
the privilege of attending the public
schools.
TO OUST OR
NOT TO OUST
The Impending Democratic
Crisis of Factional
Strife.
A New Prospect That the Local Mess
Will Be Dragged Into the
Arena.
The prosprcti\e battle at the opening
of the meeting of the Democratic State
Central Committee on Saturday is en
grossing the interest of the Democratic
politicians. Every member who appears
in the city is quickly interviewed and the
hustling for proxies goes on.
Nobody ie certain what will be done or
attempted c^e^ming the dropping of
forty-two members who did not pay the
$30 campaign apsessmtnt or about the
local s=i'lit in the party. These are the
matters that will put ginger into the
meeting antl about which the factional
quarrels ra^o. and beside them the larger
matters of party policy and action seem
tame nm\ Inconsequential.
That there will be a determined effort
to declare the delinquents off the roll Ap
pears certain. Should the measure be
driven through the question of whether
the State Central Committee or the
County and Congressional District com
mittees should fill the vacancies would
rise, and therein would come to the front
at once the local situation- Which is the
local Democratic committee?
The list of the members who didn't
come up with- S3O when the Bryan cause
needed $30 contains the names of some
stalwart Democrats. At the very head
of the list is Eugene N. Deuprey, but he
made speeches and would escape, as
would ('lit us Barbour, another friend of
the ousters.
Then there's Henry Hogan of Napa.
Colonel Nunan of Stockton. J. D. Sproul
of Chioo, M. J. l.aymanee, John M. Eng
lish and Con Brosnahan of Alameda, J.
Marlon Brooks •of Los Angeles and
Prosecuting Attorney W. P. Veuve of
San Jose. The other forty -two members
who withheld a total of SI2M from the
campaißn '-easury and became bones of
contention ..re as "follows:
A. B. Parts, K. S. Mahone. J. P. Hayne.
IsJdor Alexander. J. A. Shepard, J. F.
Coonan. T. \V. Doyle. C. M. Casein. W.
W. Harvey, a. J. McSorley, J. Wegner,
George Gunzendorfer, G. W. Terriil. W.
D. Chrlchton. Henry Beeler, Alfred Har
rell, C. O'Mara, R. N. Qulpley. J. E. Par
dee. J. C. Russell, John Flanagan. J. N.
Norvdl, J. H. Stewart, 11. H. Harris, E.
J. Davis. Patrick Kelly, D. E. Brophy. P.
M. Rooney, Robert Smith, Sydney Hall
T. E. Scully, C. W. Wittbeck. "E. P.'
Moßan, J. J. Byrne. T. J. Plnder, J. J.
Lynch, J. M. Klein. George H. Fox, T. c.
Hogan. C. H. Brenard, E. E. Drees T. O
Toland..Mlif^
IN BEHALF OF CHARITY.
Arjnual Meeting and Election of
Officers of the German Be
nevolent Society.
The German Benevolent Society held its
annual meeting find election of officers
last evening In Druids 1 Hall. A report
was read by President P. Broemmcl,
which showed that a successful year had
just passed. The funds of the society
have increased, although the expenses
were exceedingly heavy. JSOOO having been
spent on the German Hospital. The total
assets at the present time aggregate
$20,428.
The society is well pleased with the
lirtsent standing nnd is making strong
efforts to gather sufficient funds with
which to build a modern hospital in this
city. Charity was not neglected by the
society, as J9245 was paid out to the poor
and needy during the year. The society
has admitted 424 new members, which
gives a total membership of 3222.
Ah a result of the election held the new
board will be as follows: Trustees for
one year— Charles E. Hansen, president;
Richard Finking, first vice-president;
LiOUls Zelss, second vice-president; Wil
liam Hermann, corresponding secretary;
Max Berthau, financial secretary; Fred
C. Slebe, treasurer. The directors for
two yearn will be C. Goecker. Edmond
Kollofrath, J. Haumeister. Max Waiz
mur.n, John Fischer and Julius Flnck.
ALL THE SURPLUS WHEAT CORNERED.
Manager of the Big Combine Thinks None Has
Been Overlooked.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— "Basing: our cs*l
mates on the Government figures, we
think we now own every bushel of surplus
wheat in this country."
G. E. French, the active manager of the
big wheat combination, was speaking for
himself and Joseph Lelter, who is the vis
ible head of the "clique."
He said further: "According to the
most reliable estimates obtainable we
think there is not more than 15,000,000
bushels of wheat unaccounted for. Scat
tered over different parts of the country
we have holdings of at least that amount,
co we can safely claim to have possession
of all the surplus."
Confirm o * lo " at St. Peter's.
The Right Rev. William F. Nichols,
D.D., Bishop of California, will ad
minister the rite of confirmation in St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, Stockton and
Filbert streets, this (Friday) evening, the
service commencing at 7:45 o'clock. The
full vested choir of thirty voices— men,
women and boys— will render the music.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas Ma«-ee (owner) with Edward Letter I
tractor), architect Kdgar A. Mr.thevus. .ill '
■work for a two-story frame building with
attic and basement en N line of Broadway
60 W of Devlaadero street. "W $4 by N 137:6;
|5&~>2.
M W. Belshaw (owner) with J. W. Wes
singer (contractor), architect none, all work
for a three-story and basement brick bulldlns
on NE line of Fremont street, 275 NW of 1
Howard. NW 45:10x137:6; $13,306.
Julius Radston (owner) with Rhody-Rlng
rOße (contractor). . architect A. J. Barnett
grading, pumping, concrete and artiilcial
stone work, sidewalk lights and brick and
Iron work for cellar and smokehouse in base
ment of lot on E line or Harriet street 175 N
of Folsom. M 2.1 by E 80; $1553.
Arthur H. Denny (owner) with R. J. Pavert
(contractor), architects Jepnon & Holland, all
work for a two-story frame building with .
rough basement (four flats) on \V line of '
Shotwell street, 65 S of Twenty-fifth, S 40 by j
W 115; $6025. . . r
LAW OF LIBEL
WELL DEFINED
Supreme Justice Garoutte Up-
holds the Liberty of the
Press.
There Is No Slander if the Charges
Are Proved to Have Been
True.
Justice Garoutte of the Supreme Court
yesterday rendered a judgment in the
case of Dr. Joseph C. Hearne aga'nst
M. H. de Young, proprietor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and J. F. Brunt, the
San Diego correspondent of that journal,
in which he interprets the law of libel in
a very clear-cut manner.
The case was on appeal from a Judg
ment based upon a verdict of a jury
awarding Dr. IK-arne the sum of $10,000
for the publication of an alleged libel in
; the paper named. The article dealt with
| two occurrences, happening at different
times and at different places. The first
i statement of the alleged libel set forth
1 that Mrs. Hearne had sued her husband
i tor divorce, which was grained; that her
; complaint was that of cruelty, and that
' the testimony at the trial showed that
the doctor was a man of ungovernable
temper, and when in a rage he would
hurl dishes at his wife, besides using vile
anJ abusive language.
The second part was the publication of
incidents concerning the murder of Amos
J. Stillwell In ISBS, In Hannibal, Mo., the
! article stating that the facts were taken
j from newspapers of Hannibul and Kan
sas City. In this it was set forth that
I robbery was not the motive, and that Dr.
Hearne was the family physician and was
the iirst to discover the crime and
awaken the servants. Dr. Hearne some
time afterward married the widow of the
murdered Still well, and she was the one
who sued for divorce.
In Hearne's libel case he set forth that
the first publication was untrue and that
no testimony was given that he hurled
dishes at his wife. Relative to the sec
ond, he complained that the reference to
the murder of Btillwell insinuated that
he was the murderer or accessory; also
that malice was the underlying motive
for the publication complained of. At the
trial -of the case the defendants denied
that they were actuated by malice and
they proved that the witnesses testified
that the doctor was violent and that he
had hurled various articles at his wife.
i although some of his testimony was ruled
: out by the court. They further declared
that there was no insinuation that
lltarne had murdered Stillwell. Justice
! Ciaroutte took the broad interpretation of
the law when he said:
"It Is well settled that a defendant is
not required in an action of slander or
libel to justify every word of the alleged
; defamatory matter. It is sufficient if the
substance, the gist, the sting of the libel
: ous charge be justified. Immaterial vari
ances and defects of proof upon material
matters go for nothing, and if the gist of
the charge is established by the evidence
■ the defendant has made his case."
The Justice also holds that the lower
i court should have allowed the defendants
j the privilege of proving the truth of the
I charges, if such they could be called, in
; the article complained of. In other words,
that the publisher should have been per
mitted to have made the best defense h«
could to show that he was not guilty of
the charge of which he was accused. Of
tho alleged insinuation* that the doctor
murdered Stillwell the Justice says that
the published language was plain and
contained no covert meaning, and there
fore was not libelous. The judgment and
order wero reversed and the case was r*.
! manded for a new trial. This will prac
tically throw the matter out of court.
HE PRAISES THE
FIRE DEPARTMENT
What Ex-Chief Regan of Boston
Has to Say About the
Local System.
He Is Touring the World and Study
ing the Various Systems of the
Different Countries.
John TV*. Regan, the ex-First Assist
ant Chief of the Fire Department of
Boston, who is making a tour of the
world for the purpose of recuperating
his health and securing 1 notes upon the
various systems used by the different
Fire Departments of the large cities of
the world, has been In San Francisco
since "Wednesday morning. The
greater part of this time he has been
the guest of Chief T. D. Sullivan of this
city, who has done all In his power to
make Mr. Regan's stay a pleasant one
besides giving him every opportunity
to investigate the system used in the
city Fire Department.
Mr. Regan talked freely about his
tour. He is making it at the expense
of the merchants of Boston, who
wished thus to make some acknowl
edgment to him for his forty-three
years of faithful service in protecting
their interests from the ravages of
flames. He left his native city the
early part of this month and has visit
ed Chicago, the principal cities of Neb
raska, Denver, Colorado Springs and
Salt Lake City.
In speaking of San Francisco and its
Fire Department he said: "No words
of mine can too greatly praise the Fire
Department of San Francisco. Its
Chief, officers and general equipment
are second to that of no city in this
land. I regret exceedingly that I did
not follow my original intention and
come directly to this city. I wanted to
spend two months here. I leave here
to-day on the steamer Peru for Hono
lulu. I shall go through China, India,
Egypt and Europe."
Mr. Regan Is 62 years of age. He is
six feet tall, of slight build and has a
gray beard and mustache. He Is most
affable In his manner, is well informed
and a fluent conversationalist.
At 10 a. m. yesterday he was
the guest of Chief Sullivan to witness
the testing of the three new La France
steam fire engines recently purchased
by ihe Fire Commissioners. The test
was made at the Lombard street
wharf.
Mr. Regan is accompanied upon his
tour by his wife. They were among
the passengers who were aboard the
Central Pacific train that was re
cently wrecked near Colfax.
In the Divorce Courts.
Oliver M. Dunton. an engineer by occu
pation, was granted a divorce from his
wife. Margaret Dunton, by Judge Slack
yesterday. The decree was granted on
the ground of desertion. In January of
last year Mrs. Dunton sued her husband
for a divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty, but as her allegations were not
substantiated a divorce was denied her.
Subsequently Dunton filed suit for divorce
against his wife for an annulment of their
marriage, alleging desertion, and a decree
was given him.
Laura J. Martin was granted a divorce
from James H. Martin l>v Juri^e liahrs
yesterday on tho ground of desertion. The
custody of the minor children was grant
ed the plaintiff.
Open to San Francisco Builders.
The Mexican Government has In con
templation the building of a residence
for the lighthouse-keeper at Vera Cruz,
and San Francisco builders can have an
opportunity of examining the plans ar.d
specifications at the Mexican Consul's of
fice, at M '"lay street, where all informa
tion will be given as to the material to
be used and other particulars necessary
for those who may desire to bid on tho
Job.
NEW TO-DAY.
i
A Cup of Chocolate
has a' better flavor— it
tastes better in every
way — when re cer- :
tain it is pure and fresh.
GHIRARDELLI'S
MONARCH CHOCOLATE
is always fresh and pure, and is un-
excelled both as a drink and as a
• flavor to pastry. It has a delight-
ful. ir;Uc\v flavor found In no other
chocolate. A sample package free
j with each can of Ghirardelli's
Cocoa.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABXYST. Established
In I*3l for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease v;eariugonbodyand mind and
Skin r>i»pas«-s. The doc torcureswhen
otbersfall. Try him. Chunjeslow.
<'nrc«eiiar.-inlt>»il. Callorvrrlte.
I l)r. J. K. _tinito_«. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leavs Broadway wharf jGm&m.
I San Francisco, as follows: KVtfifcSt
For ports In Alaska. 9 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. if.
i 21. 2«. 31. ar d every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
I rend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
I New Whatcom (Belllnghain Bay. Wash.), 9
< a. m.. Jan. 1. 8. 11. 1«. 21. 2s, 31, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
j with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and coca*
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. ? p. m.. Jan. 1. 5. 10. 14. 18. 22. It. 31.
Feb. 4. S. 12, 16. 20. 25. ».
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m., Jan. 1. 8. 9. 13, 17. 21. 23. 29,
: and evpry fourth day thereafter.
For San Dle^o. stopping only at Port Har-
I iord (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
; Los Aneele* and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
j a. m.. Jan. 3, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Mairdalena Bay, San Joss del
i Cabo, Mnzatian. Altnta. La Paz, Santa Ro-
rslla and fiuaynasi <M«»t 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves, the right to cha._rt
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ar<i ><r>"»^ of mllinr.
TICKKT OFFICE— Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery <■_
QOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen. Arts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF '* 12 First Class Including Berth
TARE c 8c 8 second Class and Meal*
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. Feb. 2, 12. 22
Columbia Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fHsPlllllf 1 ! The S. S. ALAMEDA
'S s* £_?§_£ Falls vl " HONOLULU
1 &™ a "■• ami AUCKLAND for
■ \^ SYDNEY, Thursday,
G*S?LX'.~ /a February 3. at 2 p. m.
SjWmSnDc) S. S. AUSTRALIA,
GJIWIIIJIIIU for HONOLULT 1 only,
(Odlß-l-Eh Thursday. February
\V£IIIFYJ«| 17, at 2p. m. Special
party rates.
Line to rOOLOAP.DIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS _: BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantiqus.
French Line to Havre.
Company's I'ler (new), 42 North j^-n^.
River, foot of '. orton st. Travelers 4?TfrfrYS
by this line avoid both transit by __»"•■
English railway and the dlooomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Kitypt. via, t'->rls. first class }180.
second class lilt.
LA BRETAGNE lX»c«mb«r 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December IS. 10 a. m
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m
LA CHAMPAGNE January <1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 1) a. _
For further particulars apply to
it- A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI &. CO.. Agents. S Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ' '
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.. at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 8:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
Ing through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS :
1 T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MART GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
to San Jose. 76c. Clay street. Pier I. 41 Norti
First street. San Jose.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello"
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on February 1, and resume her
route on March 1. HATCH BROS.
HAILROAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
;• - - ■ Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1197.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:18.
11:30 a. m.; *1:45. 8:46. *6:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed'
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •ll:0t,
•11:30 a. m.; «1:15. 3:00, •«:». 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Qucntln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I:K a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:46 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fof
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry). '■ .•
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1597:
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 n m
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street San Francisco. _:
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousand** of persons who
I have UB»>d them for over forty years to cure
I SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS.: CONSTIPA-
; TION. Torpid LJver, Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture.
With this remedy persons can euro themselves
without tno least exposure, change. of diet or
change In application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price, 11
■ 4 Dottle. j
AUCTION SALES,
FURNITURE OF 12 ROOMS.
THIS DAY, FRIDAY, AT 11 A. M.,
_?-<4--4- Howard St., Nr. Sixth
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market st.
BAIL HO AD TBAVEL.
NOlTIla.K> I- A< It'll CO.HI'A.\T.
(TACirlO BVSTEM.)
TrnliM lr»«i> nml :nc dm- to nrrlT_> at I
san ntAS«:i.s«:o.  .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LKAvr; — . FitoM January 1, 1398. — arriv
•6:OOa Hues. San Joso anil Way Stations... «8: 43 a
7:OO\ l« r.icia, Suisun m.l Bacrainento.... 10:43 a
7:OOa Marya-ilie, OroTilloaiul Redding via
Woodlacd 5:45r
7:00 a Vacaviilo and Kur_Bey Sj4sp
7:»Oa Martinez, San ltnmon, Vallejo, Naps.
I'ali'togaain! Santa Hos- 6:13p
Sroo* AtUutin Express, Ogilcu and lloßt.. 8:45p
fciUUA Nil.H, San Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marj-sville, Chico,
Tchamaacd Ituil I'.lniT » 4i|flp
■_:30a Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7il»r
O«o«a New Orleans r.xprer.i. .Merced. Bay-
mend, Fresno, B__ersUelil. Santa
H'iii-ara. ]«s Angeles, . Doming, .
£1 l'aso, New Orleans and East. 6t43p .
9:00 a Vallrjo, Martinez, Meroed and I
Fresno l«il 3p
•l:OOr Sacramento ltiver Stenmen "«:OOp
l:<>OrNUcs,*__Djcse_rd Way Stations.. }«:IBa
l:30p Martlrez and Way Stations 7:13*
_:()«!• Lircrmcre, Mendota, Hanford and
Vl3alia 4:18p
Livenaorc, San Jose, Niles and Way -
Stations {lOi 13 a
-<<M>r Martinet Ban lUinoii, Vallojo,
Napa, Calistoea, 111 Verano and
Suuta Udb_ Silßa
4i««p Beuicla, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing. MarrsvlHo. Oro-
vlllo and Siirruim-ntn lO:4Sa
4i3t»p NUes. San Jose, Tn>cy and Stockton .. 7il 3p
4:30r Lattirop, Modesto, Merced, BcreLda, .
Fresno. Mcjavo (for Uandsburg),
Sauta iiarliaru and l.m Angeles.. 7i45a
4<XMp ,Sant;v ]''» Konto. Atlantic VJxiiresa
for Mojavo and 11a5t.... 6z40»
•[3:3 op " Sunse* Limited." I^is Angeles, El
Paso, Fort. Worth, Little ICock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East ft Of 1 3 a
*r.T:_or "Subset Liiaitcd Annex," El Paso.
New Orltacsand East {lOiISa,
6i«Or Kuronean Mull, O dmi and Mast.... 9i43\
«:«»!• UaywßTdn, Nll»bhu<l San J05e...... 7t43\
t*:UOi> Vallejo +7:45p
siiOOi* Oregon lOxiirriis,Hitcriiinento, Marys-
tlllc, Kt.-dd<>ig, Portland, Tnget
SlHl.nl Hllil IJMt 8«1BA
SAN JiK.I.MiKO AMI IUYWAIIIK LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
C6iOOa "I ( 7:1 Hi
8:OOa Mclrose, Srnilnarjr Park, «»0:43a
xV%%\ FU,i,b, I r,.K. m hur »fjJs*
{11:OOa San Leamlro, South San 12:l<>p
l *.: > * . M l«mdro,__tadlllo, {IWU
ihVoop Lorenzo, Cherry | t4:43p
4:00p ' «3:40p
6:OOp and - 6:13p
B:30p H.i)Tr»rdn. 7:4*r
7:« Op ' ' 8:45 1-
«: OOp { -Runs through to Niles. f , D:4sp
.. » :o ®' iFromNUes! 4 J2 l ?2 P
t»Ilil5p; t * r " ma ' l -»- ttl2:Uop
"~~ COAST WTIhION (Narrow hange).
' ' (Foot of Market Street.)
■ iIOa Neiraik.Coiitemllc.iSnii.lose.Felton,
Honldf r Creek, San taCmz and Way
Stations ■•••■)
•9i_Bp Newark, Centertllle, San Jose, New
Alinadeu, Vrlton, Douliler Creek,
Santa Cm/, and Principal Way
Stations ...."I»is»*
4:lSp Newark, Sun .lose and Los Gatos ... 9:30 a
1 1 1:43 Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and
Way Stations t7:80p;
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiS PR&NCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11 i 'a.m. 41:00 *2:30 $3:00
•4:00 ?5:00 *6:00r.M.
! rroaO.UUND— Fool ofßroidwij.— "6:oo 8.-00 10:00 a.
U2:CO «l:03 t-:03 *3:CO $1:00 *6:QQr.ii.
" COAST DIVISION (Broad Uangre).
Third and Townsend St*)
oiS3a/J_u .lose ami Way Stations (New *
- Almadcu Wednesdays only) 6:33 a,
• ■••a San .lose, Trm linos, Smita Cruz,
Taclilc Ciove, l'aso Kobles, San
l.lils Obispn, Guadalupe, .-Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il3p
IUt4OA San .lose and Wny .Stations «8:00 a.
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations 8:33*
*_:3Oi- San Matrn. Iledwood, Mcnlo Park.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
; Monterey and Pacific ( Irove # lOi4Oa
•1:1 3p Sau Jose ami Principal Way SUtions *9:0Oa
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•3«OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 :3 Op
S:3Oi< San .lose ami Principal Way Stations R:3Op
«::tOr San Jose ami Way Stations 7:)40p
Ill:4r>i' San JoseamlWay Stations 7;l*Op
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
* Sundays exceptetl. J Sundays only. I Saturday* only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
% Mondays and Thursdays.
( Wednmdays and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAPAEIi.
WEEK DATS— 7:IO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 11 U.
1:10. 6:10. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. no. ■
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:10. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. I:Jf
600, 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA_* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:60, »:». 11:10 a. m.)
1t. 45. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
BCNDATS— »:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:49.
t:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsaa Par*
same schedule as above. - -
Leave T _ _»-,,. Arrive
San Francisco. Ort 24, San Francisco.
Week I Sun- rv.ot^?lt)nn Sun " i ■ Wees;
Days. ! daya. Destination days. [ days.
7 :30a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. |9:3Ua.m. Petnlnma, 6:10p.m.110:25xm.
6:10 p.m. s:oUp.m. Santa Ro9a. 7:85 p.m. I :22p.m.
Fulton,
7 :30 a. Windsor, 10:23 a.m.
Healdsburgr, ,
Lytton.
-■-;•■ • Geyservllle,
8:80 p.m. 6:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
5 j jUopland and I
7 :30 a.m. 18 •00a.m. I Ukiah. I 7:35 p.m. «:22p.m.
"i :Soa.n_ - I 10:25 a.m.
:00a.m. Guernevlllc. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
T:oo_.m.]3:Uoa.m. Sonoma 10:10 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :80 a.m. [B :ooa.m. | o-v,-. t^-oi |10:40a.m.)10:25a.m.
B:Sop.m.!s:(lQp.m.| J^astcpoL [ 7 ;35p-mj j 7;22p.m.
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wen
Springs; at Oeyeerville for Sk__gs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay.
Lakeport • and Bart let Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Si Ings, Saratoga bylines. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day*, Riverside. Lierley's Buck-
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
rell'B. Eanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boouevllle.
Orr's Hot Springs. Hendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. Uaat.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronic!*
bnlldlng.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Oen. Manager. Oen. Pass. Agt.
Tp'Majaa^T CALIFORNIA
u^!W^Ms : LIMITED.
SSiW^MS SAN FRANCISCO
L____^_j»*"Tr^r^i 1 1 1 I CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3^i days to Chicago, 4Hi days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
i Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, - Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, HIS Broadway. Sacra -
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street. . /
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom September 10, IS)?, train* will nui mm
follows: ■ L__ _____
Southbound. , . I .Northbound! .'
Paßsen- Mixed at,.,,,-.! Mixed ; Passen-
ger Sunday : stations.; Sunday : ger
Daily. ; Exc % p'td — — Exo'p'td Daily.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. ; 5:40 p.m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 1 8:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:60 p.m. Fresno J.3Ua.m. 2:29 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 8:20 p.m. Hanford .:46 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visaha 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate points when required
connections — At Stockton with steamboat- of
C. N. & I. C0..- leaving San Francisco ana
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc. ; '
also with stage from Hornitos. Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankert-lm with stage to and from Madam.
4er*. :•; ; -
910
A PHENOMENAL
MAIDEN RACER
Maxello Defeats Dr. Sharp
and Lord Marmion at
Great Odds.
The Roman Finished a Nose
Ahead of Morellito in the
Handicap.
Satsuma in Rare Good Form-Favor
ites First on Three Occasions.
Joe Ullman Scored Easily.
A rod in pickle from the famed Hag
gin "grant" was given a trial at Ingle
side yesterday. The rod in question
was a grand-looking three-year-old bay
colt named Maxello, a son of the dead
sire Maxim and Daniella. He had nev
er sported silk before, and was one of
the six starters in the last race of the
day, a six-furlong sprint. Although
Walter Jennings, in whose colors the
youngster ran. has sprung a number
<rt "hot ones" since the season opened,
it seemed like asking too much of a
maiden to down such fast ones as Lord
Jlarmion and Dr. Sharp. The former
was a l-to-2 chance in the betting, and
the short-enders unloaded on him.
Against Maxello anywhere from 40 to
100 to 1 was obtainable. Lonnie Clay
ton had the mount on the latter, and,
getting him away in front, was
never caught, winning by a
length from Dr. Sharp. Thorpe
did not get the favorite away
from the post any too well, and killed
him off chasing the leader. The win
ner covered the distance in I:l4)4, which
shows him to have been a very shifty
maiden.
Aside from this unexpected perform
ance the first choices did fairly well,
■winning three events.- Lonxiie Clayton
piloted two "f the winners.
The Elmwood Farms good colt, The
Roman, proved himself to be made of
the right port of metal by his grand
showing in the mile and a quarter
handicap. He picked up 119 pounds,
and after a nn»st uneven voyage, dur
ing the greater part of which Willie
Martin had him pocketed, he came with
a great rush at the end, snatching vic
tory by a nose from MorelUto, ridden
out to the last ounce by "Skeets" Mar
tin. The latter coit, just turned a
three-year-.>ld, is entitled to fully as
much credit as the winner, for he was
aeked to carry 103 pounds, one pound
less than his entitled weight, and com
ing on fr"m fourth position at the head
of the stretch fcufcht it out in the sam
est possible fashion, being beaten out
only on th^ hist stride. The winner's
time — 2: 07^ — is now the Ingleside track
record. 'Ostler Joe was leading up to
the last sixteenth, when he stopped
badly under his poor piloting.
The Corrigan entry. Geyser, was
scratched from the opening mile event,
and Satsuma, with Thorpe up. was sent
out a 3-to--4 favorite. (iarland Barr
and Judge Denny led to the stretch,
where the favorite shot to the front
and won with ease from Imp. Tripping,
poorly ridden by Clayton. There was
no pace the first part, which accounts
for the slow time — 1:42%.
The fast colt Official took the sec
ond event, a six-furhmg sprint, in a
driving finish from Chihuahua, and
Owner Tully Coulter was compelled to
stand a $400 boost. Chihuahua rushed
to the front at the start, and was only
nosed out the last jump by the Coulter
entry, whirh ruled an even-money fa
vorite in the betting. The winner was
piloted by young Gray. Good Friend
ran a vastly Imprwed race on-er his
former attempt, finishing third.
On Tuesday joe CTllman. with "Willie
Martin in the saddle, was beaten by
Kamsin in a six-furlonc run, won by
Kamsln in the slow time of 1:17 U.
Eacked down in the mile and a six
teenth run of yesterday from 5<4 to 1
to 9 to 2, he made the running, and
miide a fairly good ik-ld look like a
band of "crabs." Palmocita, the favor
ite, kno-cked about considerably, came
fast at the end, taking the place from
Meadow Lark.
Myth, carrying the colors of Kittle
man Bros., was a pounds better horse
than he was on Tuesday, and, starting
a mild 3-to-l favorite for the mile and
a sixteenth selling run, fifth on the
card, made an end to end affair of it,
beating out Fashion Plate a neck in
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB--Ingleside Track--Seventv-fourth
day of the Winter Meeting. Thursday, January 27, 1898.
Weather fine. Track good.
fS f\f\ FIRST RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. %m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. JOp. Cl.
484 Satsuma. 6 11614 3ns 4 4 32. 11 [Thorpe ! 4-5 3-5
(493) Imp. Tripping, 4.. .1084 3 4 3h 3 ns 4 2 34 IClayton ' 5-2 3
36"> Judge Denny, 5.. ..110 1 2 2 214 2 2 2n 314 Clawson j 8 7
(462) Garland Barr. 5... .1131 2 In In In In 4 'Conley I 6 10
Time, 1:42\1. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. h. by Mac-duff- Albertha. Fair start. Won
easily. :
%m.
:r.
501.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
• ! :
%m.
470 Official IMI 1
47« <~'h!huahua 106' 7
463 Good Friend lV 2
4R2 Gotobed 106: 4
441 Tenrica I 1" S
452 Formplla N S
(458) Aluminum 103! 3
... Mldian 109| 6^
4 2
1 24
2 h
6 h
8
3 1
5 h
8 1
1 14
2 4
r. 14
8
6 3
4 14
7 14
3 1
1 \
2 4
4 h
I
1 24
5 2
7 1
1 ns iGray
2 24 'Thorpe
3 14 IConley
4 10 'Clawson
5 Vi I Spencer ...... I
6 1 1.1. Ward !
7 4 IH. Martin ...I
8 |W. Martin ■■!
7-5
4
5
15
CO
! So
40
i 10
1
9-2
6
15
100
100
10
15
Time. 1:1SK- Winner. T. ■«*. Coulter's b. N c. by Inspector B-Margo.
Brst three driving.
Good start.
Won
502.
Index, h
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four- year-olds and upward-
parse, $400. .
Worses. Weight. [St. Std. »4m. 4m. Str! Fin. i Jockeys! \Od. Cl
Index. Horses. Weight. [St. Std. Vim.
459 Joe T'llman. 4 107 3 In 2 2
46<! Palomaclta, 5 10719 5 4 6 4
459 Meadow Lark. 6... 103 6 3 h 314
474 Coupon 111, 4 10412 Gh 4%
31S Donation, 6 1091.8 9 9
4*7 Wawona, a 10<>. 1 2 1 11
3SS Heidelberg. 4 107 1 4 7 2 7 2
S9S Attlcun. 4 110! 5 8 n 8 4
4C4 Hacienda, a.... 1.-7 7 4 V 5 h
Wi
4 m.
1 h
5 h
3 4
• 4 n
9
2 n
5 2
6 h
7 4
%m.
1 %
6 %
2 24
1 m
1 14
3 h
8 n
4 2
5 ;
Str.
1 2
6 ?
2 34
6 h
7 h
3 n
s m.
I*
:r.
Fin. j Jockeys. Op.
1 1 Clayton 6
2 6 Thorpe 9.5
3 n H. Martin ...I 5
4li McNlohols ... 20
5 n Spencer | 4
614 [Clawnon i 12
7 4 Conlry ■ ' 10
8 6 W. Martin .. 15
I [McDonald ... |40
CL
9-2
9-:.
6
30
9-2
IS
12
21
100
Time. l:<Stt.
cleverly.
Winner, E. Corrlgans eh. g. by Rlley-Hattie Harris. Good start Won
CAQ FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles: handicap; three.year-olds and
Ul/Oi ward; purse, |MO.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. Std! iim. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. (Qp.
up-
Cl.
i»m.
<4S4> Th» Roman, 4 lift 46 5 3ns 3h 3\ 1 m 'iW. Martin * 5-2
4R.-. MoreUlto. 3 IMS 4 \ 4ns 42 424 2\ Si H.Martin '.'A 4 4
4R4 cutler Joe. 5 11013 31 2h 14 12 In 32 ITuberviH» 311 r
MOTi The Bachelor, r. 10212 2n ?. 2 5 5 4 2 420 IClawson " ." 6 S
_(4SI) Oi-rlc 11. 4 10511 13 11 22 2h S 6 !Thorp< .'.'.'..'.' 6 6
Time, 2:074- Winner. WUllam Boots & Son's b. c. by Imp. Brutus-Beauty <fooT-7ar7
Won first thr^o driving.
KfiA. FIFTH RACE— One and & sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward:
OUT 1 * jmrsp. |WO.
~ Index. Horses. Weight. (St. Std. >»m. V 2 m. %m! Str. Fin. I Jockeys. iOpT~cT
I ID.
im.
4*l Myth. 4.. 110 4 Ins 13 13 124 1 4 in Spencer 5-2 3
472 Fashion Plate. 4. ...1021 S 8 8 8 714 7 3 2 £«4 cfawaofl 4 8
467 Personne, 4.. .10716 6 2 3h 3 4 3n« 2ns 3 *;" Thorpe "*" 4in 2
472. Lena. 4 1051 3 3h fin 6h Cl 6h 41. H. Brown 1* IS
(456) O'Fleta. 6 109 7 724 7 2 5 % 6 4 514 510 Clayton.:."" 6 s
459 Red Glenn, a 109 2 4n 414 2h 3ns 3«i 624 W. Martin i 10 1*
400 Dick Behan. 6 112 5 224 2 n 714 S 8 2 7 2 T. M.-Hurh i 30 30
(365) IWmanita. 6 107! 1 6 % sns 41 42 4h 8 H. Martin..!! 5-2 6
Time. 1:47%. Winner, Kittleman Bros.* eh. g. by imp. Killicratee-Paradox Good starT
Won easily. • . •
frrjK SIXTH RACE Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; pur*.- .
... Maxcllo, 3 1(
(4€6> Dr. Sharp. 3 r
4«6 Lord Marmion, J....1:
476 Prirce Tyrant. 3....1<
4f)B Libertine, a i;
... Charmlon, a l:
j 1
2
•
! *
I
M>
1 24 1 34
3 14 " 3 «;
21 2 3
6 12 5 20
4 h <ns
6 ■ 6
1 3
3 24
2 3
C 12
4 n
6
1 1 Clayton . j3O 2S
214 Clawson... 111-s'll-5
3 4 Thorpe I 1-2 1-2
4 4 Conley ........ , 50 50
625 Shields | 15 20
« Woods ........ | 100 M
Time. l:l4Vt. Winner, W. B. Jenning* & Co.'l b. c. by
•tart. Won first three driving.
Imp.
Maxim-Daniella.
Fair
1:47*4, a clip of a quarter of a second
from the track record. Personne was
third.
TRACK ITEWS.
The bidding up of Official is the first sell
ing race ••boost" for some days. Tully Coulter
retained his colt.
Away none too well at best. Lord Marmion !
was Interfered with by Libertine soon after ;
the barrier was released, which did 'not help i
his chances to any great extent.
Daggle Smith was disgusted with th« show-
Ing made by Hermanlta, and after the race
said that If anybody wanted a cheap race
horse to go ovor to his stable with a few dol- ;
lars and pet the brown mare.
Under any ordinary conditions Fashion Plate |
would have captured the mile and a sixteenth ;
without effort. She was last of her field down
the back stretch, but made a run to the wire ;
that was nothing short of phenomenal.
When Willie Martin pulled The Roman up 1
after the finish to the handicap he appeared
to be very Inme, and It was the general im
pression that the rolt had broken down. He
simply struck himself in easing up and five
minutes later was none the worse for wear.
T. A. "McGowan purchased Rubicon from
Tom Griffin yesterday, paying $2500 for the big !
chestnut.
TO-DAYS ENTRIES.
i
First Race— -Three-eighths of a mile: maiden j
two-year-olds.
... Canace 109 ... «B. c. by Mon
' 4&S Sir Urlan .....104! tana Regent.
4SS Prince Will '..112 out of Lucernell2
4RS Santello 107 i .... Semicolon 112
Ollnthus 107 ,488 "Malay 116 i
... Master Buck ..111 ....••Gold Scratch.. 1 12 i
455 Saintly 107 ... Cambist 109
488 Frank . Ireland. .lu7 l
• Coupled with Frank Ireland. '•• Burns &
Waterhouse's stable.
Second Three-quarters of a mile; Bell
ing.
... Alcanera 104 453 Silver State 102 '
443 Palrr-erston 112 489 Charlemagne ...101
4&0 Starling 102 ... I ion Gara 112
41-4 Santa Clara .... 39 463 Harry Gwynn...l(*>
483 Una Que Am 0..104' 401 Pleasanton 101 i
453 Jack Martin I'M 494 La Fontera It
451 Sea Spray 104 459 Treachery I'M
196 Paul Pry 10S 3SS Sonlro 101
407 Go v. Budd 1091 474 Florimel 93
Third Race — One mile; purse.
414 Fleur de Lls 10SI (4731 Buck Hassle ...116
4KO Rubicon 114
Fourth Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
(427)Seotch Rose ....106 (4R9)Kamsln 103
490 Triumph 10'J 495 Benamela 107
496 Mainstay ii:. 453 Chappie 106
2"4 Amelia Fonso. . 471 Walter J 109
490 Tim Murphy ...I'M (349)011ve 100
433 George Miller . 106 (352) Miss Ross 107
495 R. Q. Ban 107 1
Fifth — One mile; spiling.
456 George Lee .... R.V (499)D0n Clarenclo..lo3
403 Los Prietos . . . . P2 (4Si)Cromwell 108
379 Donator BS I 493 Har. Thoburn. .10.".
485 Marplot KS! 455 Blarney Stone.. 92
(491) San Marco IM
Sixth — Seven furlongs: three-year-olds.
4 <". Hermoso 117 482 Glorlan 110
(479) Eddie Jones ....IS 482 The Dipper ....IM
3*5 Torsida 120 452 Bow and Arrow. 102
425 Linstock 11l
TO-DAY`S SELECTIONS.
First Race— No selections.
Second Race— Silver State. Sea Spray. Pal
merston.
Third Race— Buck Masste, Rubicon. Fleur de
Lls.
Fourth Race— Mainstay, R. Q. Ban. Bena
mela.
Fifth Race — Harry Thoburn, Cromwell,
George Lee.
Sixth Race — Eddie Jones, Torslda. Linstock.
PACIFIC-UNION
LADIES' ANNEX
A Meeting Called to Discuss the
Admission of the Gen
tler Sex. ,
Th«» progressive element In the Paclflr-
Vnion Club seems determined to have a
ladies' annex to the organization. A
meetir.gr of all the members Js to be. held
next Wednesday to discuss the matter,
and there seems to be no doubt but that
the popular measure will be carried and
the ladies will be allowed within the sac
red portal of the exclusive Paciflc-l'nion.
Whfn the club contemplated moving
from its present quarters on Union square
to a new building to be erected on Van
NeM avenue, the ladies' annex was one of
the innovations to be made. Everybody
was in favor of the change and in the
plans for the new building, splendid quar
ters were set apart for the ladles. The
whole matter fell to the gorund. how
ever, and the subject of the annex was
dropped.
But it was only dropped for a time,
.is the progressive element in the
club was not sure but th;it it might In
time carry its point and have tht- new
building erected on Van Ness avenue.
These members have now. however, ap
parently come to the conclusion that it
will he a long time before the Van NeM
scheme is an accomplished fact, so they
haV6 decided to have a ladies' annex in
their present quarters. The principal thing
to be discussed will be the location and
the flttinp up of the domain for the ladies.
and <>nee that is agreed upon everything
else will be settled in short order.
The ladies' annex to the T'niversity
Club was a success from the start, and it
is thought the ladles' annex to the Pa
cific-Union, if it be established, will be
one of the most popular and the most
exclusive gathering places In the city.
THE SAy rKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAXTARY 28, 1898.
RED AND RARE
ROSES THERE
Surveyor Spear Took Charge
of His Office Amid Floral
Offerings.
His First Act Was the Appointment
of St. John — Presentation to
Mr. English.
The sensuous fragrance of ros&s, with
intermittent whiffs of the violet's per
fume, pleasantly greeted the senses and
surprised the visitors to the Custom
! House yesterday morning. It was some
thing of the esthetic, something most un
! usual in the dull, dry. uncarpeted room,
, and when the eyes, steered by the nose,
: followed up the trail of the agreeable
j odor they rested upon three baskets of
pretty flowers, done up in pink and scar
| let ribbon, lying on the desk of the Sur
veyor of the Port. There were La France
i and more deeply blushing roses of other
i varieties, fresh from the hothouse, and
, pink and white carnations and violets,
crisp and strong, with the invigorating
i kiss of the frosty sunshine. For greenery
there were the "delicate maidenhair and
its robust cousin, the mountain fern. The
prettiest and largest basket was the gift
of Mrs. Spear.
It was evident that something agreeable
had happened. Behind the desk was
, Chauncey M. St. John, with a pink car
i nation in the lapel of his double-breasted
frock coat and a smile on his face.
t Joseph S. Spear Jr..thenewly appointed
Surveyor of the Port, was tht-re also, ami
happy. Both he and ex-Surveyor Eng
lish had received telegrams from the
Treasury Department in Washington
shortly after the opening of the Custom
House instructing Mr. English to retire
and Mr. Spear to t:ik>' hoML
The lirst official act of the new Surveyor
after taking possession of the office was
to appoint Chauncey M. St. John as
Deputy Surveyor.
"Th("-re will" be no further changes
said Surveyor Spear, "and the affairs or
the office will be conducted as usual."
A"\ half-past :. o'clock the retiring Sur
veyor. William D. English, was presented
with a kol<l watch and chain and locket.
appropriately Inscribed, as a testimonial
of esteem on the part of tho employes ol
th<- Surveyor's office. All the departments
of the <"ustorn House were repret
and Collector Jackson. Appraiser Dare
and Surveyor Spear wr< present. Mr.
Dare made the presentation speech, in
which he conveyed to Mr. English the
; esteem of all his associates in the Gov
ernment service and of ail the officials in
other departments. Collector Jackson
and Mr. Spear also made congratulatory
addresses. Mr. English responded feel
ingly.
Landaus, Wagonettes, Traps and Drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ellen G. Oliver to Albert H. Galllard. lot on
R line of Vallejo street. 223:3"* W of Van Ness
avenue, W 22:10 1-3 by B 137:6; $10.
Letitia Rountree (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Lott street. 150 S of Halght.
S 25 by W 112:6. ■•.<■:■■■ 0308.
Estaie of Samuel Lewis (by Meyer and Solo
mon Lewis, administrators) to Andrew Dahl
berg, lot on B line of Sacramento street, >:•;
\V of Laurel. W 25 by B 107:7 V«: $1300.
Patrick M. and Catherine McGlvern to Kath
erine a McGlvern, let on i; line of Dolores
street, $6:9 N of Seventeenth. N 25:9 by F. 115;
also lot commencing at a point where old
adobe wall forming the s boundary of the old
orchard of the Mission Dolores intersects X
line of Dolores street. N 14. E to intersection
paid wall, thence to beginning, same property
as in 325 d 222: Rift.
Charles E. Hansen to Caroline B. Hansen.
lot on \V line of Noe street. 32:6 S of Beaver,
B 27:6 by W 100; $10.
H. n. and Gertrude Murray (by H. C. Camp
bell arid T. B. Kent, trustees) to Patrick K.
Lynch, 1559 d 163, lot on N line of Twenty-third
street, 300 E of Guerrero. E 25 by M 114. trus
tees' deed: $2443.
Philip Rosenblum to Gabriel Abraham, lot on
XX corner of Twenty-third and Eureka streets,
N 60 by E 115:9; aIBO lots 4 and 11. block 19,
lots 3 and 4. block 4. Market-Street Homestead
Association: $3f»CO.
Bridget Curtis to Mary Ducey. Annie Welsh,
Elizabeth McHugh. John Curtis, Theresa Mur
phy and Etta Reinle. lot on S line of Clemen
tina street, £25 S\V of Fifth, S\V 25 by SE 75;
gift.
Estate of Martin Hencken (by U. S. G.
Clifford, commissioner) to Davis Louderback,
R. Thompson, George T. Shaw, David Newell
and F. \V. Warren (as trustees for I. O. O. P.),
lot on S line of Mission street. 175 W of Sixth.
W 100 by S 27". trust deed; $ .
James T. Boyd to Carl G. Larsen. lot on SE
corner of Twentieth avenue and O street, E
mo, S 202:11. w 240:2. N 190; in.
E. E. caswell to Charles McAuley, lot on w
line of Vienna street." 25 B of Japan avenue. S
25 by W 100, block 53. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
George R. and Minora B. Kibbe to George
Williamson, lot on S line of Thirty-second ave
nue, 75 W of I street, W M by B 100. block 66*>.
Biy Park Homestead Association; $10.
William F. Rlckman to Sophie Rlckman. lot
on SW line of West avenue. 82:3 N\V of Park.
NW 3.". SW 69. E r.:><->. ni: 61:6, lot 19; also
lot on N line of Plymouth street, 78 W of Park
avenue. W 3.'. N C 9. B ?■■■ >'-.. S 61:6, lot 23.
block 2, Holly Park tract; $10.
Alarrjpda County-
Daniel and Essie McLeod to E. H. Forester,
lot on E line of Linden street. 111 N of West
Eighth, N 50 by B 123, block J, Market-street
tract, Oakland; $5.
E. H. and Sadie L. Forecter to Daniel Me-
Leod. lot on NW corner of Ninth and Center
street*. W 83:3. N 82:9. E 35:9»4. B 82:84 to be
ginning. Oakland; $5.
Lucy and J. T. Cochran to L. R. Turner and
J. A. Hudson, lot on S line of Sixteenth street.
137 ;•; W of Clay. W 37:6 by B 103:9, block 267.
Caeserly tract. Oakland; $10.
Margaret T. Mannion to Michael White, lot
on E line of Grove street, 225 S of Twei.cy
••ighth, S 25 by B S-i:r,. being lot 14, block MB,
Whit. her tract, Oakland; $10.
George N. and Mary J. Williams. Edward
and Mary A. Hackett, Mack and Nettie Web
ber to William J. Dln*ee, lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 150 E of Madison. E 50 by
p 100. block 197. Oakland; $10.
William J. and Virginia R. Dlnjree to Ri bsrt
O. Baldwin, lot on S line of Fourteenth street.
l.'O E of Madison, B 50 by B 100, block 197, Oak
land: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Edward and
Constance A. Meeks and Blanche T. Heath, lot
on S\V line of East Twelfth street, 75 N >". of
Second avenue, NW 75 by SW 300, being lots
7, 8, '.<. 16. 17 and IS, block 27, Clinton, East
Oakland; Jin.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Joseph Wohl
frcm. lots 14 and IS, block 5. East Oakland
Heights. East Oakland, quitclaim deed; 1 10.
A. I). Wilson to Joseph Wohlfrom, lot 16,
block 5, East Oakland Heights, East Oakland;
Sin.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Flora L.
Koughan (wife of John J. X.), lot on W line of
Grove street. 250 S of Russell.- S 40 by W 122.
bring lot 2. subdivision of block Id, Central
l'aik tract, Berkeley; $10.
George and Anna E. Lydiksen to Edna Nel
son, lots 30 and 31. block V, Hemphlll tract,
Brooklyn Towns-hip; $10.
Andrew and Jane «'. Jones to James Mur
dock. lots 15, 16 and 17. block D, Elmhurst
tract. Brooklyn Township; grant.
Manuel and Margarlte Victorlno to Leonora
Putrs and Kosa Vargas, lot on N Hne of Hut
ton avenue, 66 W from SE corner of lot 7 on
amended map subdivision of Jane I Mitt -! 59.60
acre tract, thence W S4, N to I; boundary line
lot 7 until it strikes the W boundary line
thereof, thence N along said W boundary line
to the end thereof and the X boundary line of
said lot, thence E to its Intersection with a
creek, thence down said creek to its intersec
tion with a line drawn from point of beginning
parallel with said E boundary line and distant
CC W therefrom, thence S to beginning, sub
ject tc mortgage, Brooklyn Township; Kraut.
James W. Maupte to George H. Wlnegar, 80
acres, being the S half of SW quarter section
4. township 5 «, range 4 B, Murray Township;
Cyrus Ta!m to Oakland Bank of Savings, all
Interest in lot on S line of Fourth street, IS7-6
E of Harrison. B 37:6 by S 100, block 34. Oak
land; also ill! interest in lot on NW corner of
Fourth and Alice streets, W 150 by N 75 block
39. Oakland; $10.
L. A. and Florence I. Raleigh to Lizzie
Doane (wile of Orin X.). lot on SK line of
Thirteenth avenue, 100 NE of East Fifteenth
■tieet, NE -"- by SE 75, block 65, Clinton, East
Oakland: $10.
Edward and Nettle Cox to A. W. Thorns lot
on S line of Fain-lew street, 310. Eof Ray
mond. E 40 by S> 125, being lot 1. Alcatraz
tract. Berkeley; also 13 shares capital stock
Itallart-Swisa Mutual Loan Association- $10
H. C. Morris to Mary J. Ettlrg. lot ':: block
71. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10
Paul F. and Emllle Gilbert to William J
Gwynn. lot on SW line of Nlcol avenue 275
NW Of IVralta. NW 50 by SW 150. being' lots
13 and 14. block F. Corrected Map Nlcol Tract
Brooklyn Township; $10.
William J. Gwynn to Ethel C. Hunt, same
slo
Richard O. and Emma K. Holstetn to i San
Francisco Savings Union, surrender of 506 d
45. the S 40 feet of Subdivision A of lot 59 Ala
meda Park, Alarm-da. .
Katie A. Foy to John n. Foy, lot on E line
of Park street. .'4:4 S of Ran Jose avenue
R 26 by E 132:1>4. X 26. \V 132:14 to beginning'
except a strip 10 f<>et .wide along N\V side
thereof, block 16. Alameda Park HomesteaU
quitclaim deed. Alameda: sift.
M. A. Oommins and M. K. and A. E. Com
mlnii. lot on S line of Twenty-first street 21 •• 2
W of Broadway. W CO by S 103:5. Oakland.'-
Clft.
Same to same, lot on E line of East Twelfth
utreet. Oi N\V of Eighteenth avenue. RW 25
ay NX 14". b.'ing lot 7. block 12, San Antonio,
East Oakland; gift.
I- G llarvvy and J. S. and Amelia M. Em
ery (hy commissioner) to H. D. Rowe. lot on
NX eoriMr •■! Forty-third and Essex etreets.
B 177 .:•'. NX 84, N\V I76:fi. N 48:9. W 170, S
"41 to beginning, being lots 1 to 12, block 3.
subdivision of a portion of plot fi of rancho of
V. and D. Peralta. Oakland Township; $2478.
fharles A. ar.-l Allot C. BaiK-y to I). H.
nurns. lot on E line of San Pablo avenue. 150
S of Cowper street. E 100. N 5:73. E 78 22. S
45.79. W 17;::.:,. N it to beginning, block F.
Bryant Tract. Berkeley; fa.
Frank 11. Doollttle to Rosa Boollttle, lot on
SE line of Locksley avenue, 83 SW of Clif
ton street. SW IM by SK V*>. being portion of
Locksley square. Oakland Annex: gift.
Emma M. Block to William 11. Taylor, lot
on XW corner Sixth and L streets. N 150 by
W 150, bl >ck 47. same, to correct deed of July
9. On, Murray Township; Jin.
William H. and Mly M. Taylor to Amy E.
Knox, lot on SW line of L. street. 75 NW of
Sixth. NW 75 by SW 150, town of Llvermore,
Murray Township; $]0.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J B Bonettl & w.Min X Houston. Volcano
W F George. Sacto B T Kirk. San Jose
C H Schussler, Cal W Sullivan & w.Akd
II T Harper. Sa<sto Mrs S Harply.Palo Alt
Mrs C H Curtiss.Sit Lk H T Knight. Folsom
P Durbin Fresno j C Ruddock. Uklah
Miss E Snyder. Llma.O 7 Miller. Vaneouver.BC
Mies C Thorpe. Llma.O Mrs H Edwards. Vane
Mrs E James. Cal W A Munro & w.Vanc
T H Wassani, Mercd G Wapple. Holllster
J W Wassum. Napa P Sweed. Petaluma
D H Gillis. Sacto W Williams, Winnipeg
W Thomas. Chlco IB Wilson & w S Jose
Mrs J Johnson. Chlcgo C Carmichael. London
C T Dean _ w. Sisson Miss Wheeler. Merton
8 E Wrenn. Portland Mrs A Chipman, Sacto
C E Gray. N V T Baker, Boston
W G Parker _ w.Knw J T Bradford. Auburn
Mrs S Bubb&s.Mt Vw T A Rice, El Rio
Miss McCubbin. Mt Vw w A Clinch. Grass Val
Miss M McCubbin.MtVJ P Dyer. Raskerton
J M Madison. Omaha A T Burovich. Sn Jose
A C McKenney, S Jose A Newton. Stockton
\V R Beall. Hagerstwn Mrs C L Byrne. NevCy
G A Buell. Sitka j R McDonall. S Diego
J Grlllo. Volcano L 1' Grant. Los Ang
J Marclno. Merced W A Towle. Holllster
J Weil. Sunger J T Devendorf, Sn Jose
E T Williamson _ w. J W Garrard. Angels
Sf Ix'uls . i J Barr. Glasgow
L H Cook. Volcano I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M J Kelly. Hanforl G Frazer. Pinole
<: Scott Si w. Sonoma T Wetmore & w, Cal
A Bernard & w. Cal C L Klnnean, B C
C V Peterson, Vallejo S Shlrrup. eSattle ■
J P Fotterel. Los An E L Konkling, Dakota
C Powers. San Diego A McKlnnon. w. Wash
M 1! Jackson. N V A w Honsinger. Wash
J Morley, Vallejo A Anderson. Seattle
O N Davis. Sta Cruz L Grew. Portland
R Crowley, Merced C H Hills, Reno
J Daniels. Merced R Nlebert. Stockton
T O Blackman, lowa E Raskins. Arizona
J R Nale. Pt Arena J Warneke, Nebraska
o x Chanler. Fort Rss D Donohne, Towles
Z E Buckner. Sta RsalJ Ayet. Seattle
PA I. ace HOTEL.
G N Jacob!. Reading IF C Lusk, Chico
M R Engel. N V I: Koehler. Portland
B T Wales. X V Miss M Taylor. Pet*
F H Qpwen. Syracuse J Chllberg, Omaha
Mrs M R Engel. NY FT Dwyer, Sacto
M H Allen, DC A Ogden & w, Cal
Count Clni. Rome W T Solomon. N V
J C Connor. Colorado Mrs W C Curtlss. Cal
Miss M Hall & md.NY X D Warbass, Wash
Mrs .1 C Connor. Col T Alharda. Vacavllle
Mrs E Randolph, Ariz Mrs T Albarda, Vacvll
F H Green. San Raf .1 W Mitchell. Los An
A H J Almas, Conn W Crawford, N V
Miss Aimes. Conn | Mrs H Strong. Cal
S E Adalr. w & c.USN'Mrs C W Strong, N T
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs Sinnie & d. Cal |J J ilcConnell. Cal
W R Condlet. Chicago J B Steenback, N V
Mrs 8 F Peck & d. Cal H Black & w. Cal
J Gohnler. Bad J R Thur<>n«on. Cal
E Anderson. Stockton H A Unruh. Arcadia
A W Ft.«k. Stockton J P Blank. St Louis
J J Mlnnlngham. Cal IW Napier, Pleasanton
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
SAILED.
TliurMa-- January 27.
Stmr Wwott. Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 27— H B M Btmr
Esreria.
FORT BRAOO Balled Jan 27— Stmr Tllla
mi«ik. for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr Jewel, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEKNBTOWN— Jan 27— Stmr Brit
annic, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clx-k every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS .'.27 Montgomery street,
corner flay: open until K:Sf. o"<rlook.
33S Hayes street: open until 930 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. uWM Sxteenth and Mission streets;
open until I o'clock.
If*! Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
KM Mission Street; open until 9 o'clock.
UK Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Tw.iity-secund and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA Buena I. Ie Of Perfection,
DX THIS (FRI- *W*
PAY) EVENING, January 2S. at 8 J\
o'clock. D. 4. GEO. J. HOBS, Sec. /gSL
CALIFORNIA C-.mmandery No. 1. X <«JL<r
T., Masonic T<-:i!;.|e, }'st a:ui Mont- ,fl
gomery «:s !:■ y.ilar assembly THIS 111
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:> o'clock. W
or.ler of the Temple. All fraters are cour-
teously invited. SiR JOHN V. FRASER.
SIR HIRAM T GRAVES, Km. Com.
nler.
TO th? shareholders of the Independ- _sf***w
ent Red Men's Hall Association—
Yob are hereby notified that the an- -^s^-
nual general meeting of the shareholders of '
the abovi auoctatli n will take place on FRI-
DAY. January a, at I o'clock i. m.. in the
Red Men*« Hall, 51fl Bush st.
CHARLES SCHLEBINGER, President.
B \ T.WIMANN Secretary
Notice of nn-etlnc The r-gular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held '
at Its banking office. 301 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. Cal , on MONDAY, the twenty-
f.rst (21st> day of February. 1898. at 3:15 i
o'clock p. m . for the purpose of electing a
h'.nr.l of <\ rectors to serve .luring the en- :
suing year, and for the transaction of such !
other business as may BOOM before the meet-
ing I>. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. January 20. 1898.
THK regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be ]
held at the office of the company. T!7 Mnr-
kel ■ tr.-et. San Francisco. Pal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the :■! day of February. 1898. at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board Of directors to serve for th<»
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Inp J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES^
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains^
dress goods, . orsets. hosiery, underwear, bed-
spreads, towels, laces, linings, trimmings,
i-illnps. etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry
O li Store, 106 Fifth st.
Mis- PEARL HARRISON, card "reader and
n.ind reader Room 2 and 3, 120^ Geary st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
cty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.* room 6: tel. 6580.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. X llfiA Grant aye. :~elec-
tric:an: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massaga
treatments; alcohol baths. | Mason st.
MMX HANSEN, iHtest galvanic battery and
batha. llfi Taylor st.
MRS. STEWURT. genuine stetm and cabinet
baths. I2fu. t;^;, ry Bt., room 11.
ROOM Renting Biireau. room 24. Flood bulleT
cor. Fourth st.
?27 >T<" l XTr:ovirr{Y cor day— Open until 9:30
O'clock: brnrch office of The Call. Pubscrlp-
\\,,~,k i;,,; w -, int a^ s taken
SITXATIOXS WANTED— FEMALE.
SUPERIOR Swedish waitress and parlor maid
deatrea situation; best references. MISS CUL-
LEX. 525 Butter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored Infant's nurse desires
■Ituation; :■• years lnst place. MISS CUL-
LEN. SK Butter m.
GERMAN nnnan with :\ Rlrl G years old de-
sires situation; good cook; best references-
"try. MISS CULLBN. 325 Slitter ft.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants stuation taking
care of children: referem-es. Address Nurse,
c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
KIKST 'I.ass second glrl. besi of referenceT
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO
?AK Sutler st
COMPETENT young woman wishes to secure
a situation as nursery governess; will assist
with opatein work; good reference. Call or
address Advertiser. 701 Sttektnn st.
RELIABLE young woman wishes to secure a
situation to care for children: will assist
with upstairs work; good reference. Call or
si'Mre-s 701 Stockton ?t.
RESPECTABLE w >m.in~wishes~to do housed
work by the «:ay or month; understands cook-
ing, washing etc. 909 Bryant St.. between
Seventh ar.a Eighth.
YOUNG lady with experience would like to
Ki\e massage treatment to Invalids at their
•s. /. ! lr->ss box 784. Call offlce.
LADY wishes situation as cashier and book-
keeper: I years' experience; speaks French.
Address box 700, Call offlce.
SITUATIONS WAITED- (on tinned.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good experience, good
references, will nurse baby at home or go out.
Inquire 217 Geary st.
AN honest young woman wants housework or
cleaning one day a week. Address or call
1207 Waller st.
YOUNG, strong German lady wishes work by
the day. washing and housecleanlng. 51 Clay.
YOUNG German girl desires a situation to do
I light housework: wages $12. 1234 Sixth st.
POSITION as waitress or chamber maid. Room
10. 118 Sixth st.
! MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to do nursing. 8
| Anthony place.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
housework. 245 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 114 Hayes
i street.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to do
light housework. S7l Shotwell st.
ENERGETIC and reliable woman. 32 years of
age. with experience in hotel business, wishes
situation as chambermaid In city or country
hotel: thoroughly understands hotel business;
can give references as to ability. Call or ad-
dress K. C. 1408 J St.. Sacramento.
GERMAN Protestant nurse wishes position; In-
fant or small children: competent and re-
liable: well recommended; no objection to
sewing: country or traveling. Address box
726, Call office.
YOUNG lady (German descent) wishes a situa-
tion to do chamberwork and sewing; pleas-
ant place of more object than wages. 308
Tehama St., room 16.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation for
general housework: goo* plain cook: no ob-
jection to short distance In the country. Call
at 5514 Howard st.
AN educated and refined young lady (Ameri-
can) wants position a* child's nurse; 1 or 2
children: $20 or $25; children's sewing. 1259
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, to work
by the day mending, washing or housework.
Inquire 10&3 Howard st . bet. 6th and 7th.
GERMAN girl wishes :i position, downstairs
work and cooking, alno general housework.
Please call at 1268 Eighth st.
WOMAN to go out by the day washing, clean
Ing or Ironing. Apply in basement, 829 Hayes
! st., near Fillrnore.
LADY (qualified) pianist wishes engagement;
wedding, parties, social* and dancing-schools.
MO.VA, box 720, Call office.
WANTED— By young la.ly. to tend store or to
do writing; Oakland preferred. Address MISS
K. SMITH. Fruitvale. Cal.
YOUNG woman wishes to do cooking or house-
work, or will go out by the day; $25; $1 per
day. 106 Eddy St.. room 43.
THOROUGHLY competent girl. Just from the
East, wishes housework in American family.
Box 721. Call office.
AMERICAN cook, thoroughly understands her
business, wishes position as ranch cook. Ap-
ply 1065 Market st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cook-
Ing; wages not less than $25. Address box
724, Call office.
GERMAN elderly woman wishes a situation
to do general housework or housekeeping;
good plain cook; $10 to $12 504 Howard St.
GIRL to assist In housework. 100 Lundy Lane.
GERMAN woman wlshet< situation as -house-
keeper. 714 Lynn St.. West Oakland.
GERMAN girl wishes a position for general '
housework. 44 Diamond i«t.. bet. 17th and 18th.
GIRL would like a position at dressmaking.
Address 1910 I.nrkln st., In the rear.
EASTERN lady; good cook; city or country.
322 Minna St.
GENTS' mending and repairing done. 823
Howard St.. room 39.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants work: Is
a good plain cook; jfny distance In country.
Address 224 Seventh St.
WANTED — Situation to do second work or wait
on table by young lady. Call or address 47S
Jessie st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as lady's maid
or care of Invalid: no objection to traveling
or going into the country: good references.
Address M S.. box 11. Call office. Oakland.
2 RESPECTABLE ladles wish positions as
cooks, or will do any kind of work in order
to go to Klondike. Address- box 765, Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION* WASTED—
TO SUPERINTENDENTS & MINE OWNERS
For first-class miners, mechanics, carpenters
and others, send your orders to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. «2$ Sacramento St., San Fran-
cisco.
CHINESE and Japanese (estaV 20 ye&rs) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese • employment office;
best help. 4144 OFarreli St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
.best help. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 66.
HUNTER _ CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 6144 California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell: tel. Davis 605.
MAN and wife desire a place in a good family
to work; good plain cook; neat, tidy; man Is
• reliable German gardener; understands tak-
ing care of horses and cows and handy
around the place; good references: city, Oak-
land or Alameda. Address box 778, Call.
HONORABLY discharged soldier, excellent
character, now out of employment, wants
situation to do any honest work for com-
fortable home and small wases. Address
box 777. Call office.
WATCHMAKER— Norwegian] having worked
24 years at watchmaking in the old country
and 4 years In watch factory in this, wants
work at the trade. Box 703, Call office.
PAINTER, just arrived from New York, grants
work; American mechanic, 25 years' experi-
ence; wood finisher also came with him.
"Comrades." box 7SO, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young man desires situation
as clerk In store or delivery clerk. Apply or
writ* 1757 Howard st., between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: downstairs.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as fireman: 3
years' experience; can furnish good city ref-
erences. Address H. P. F., 634 Fourth St.
GERMAN man and wife wish to get positions
together on private place; speak good Eng-
lish. -SO2 Larkin st.
JAPANESE who has good experience desires
position as cook or housework. Y. M., 1917
Broadway.
SITUATION wanted to open oysters. Address
box 756. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation In a private
family or In a stable or foreman on a ranch:
been 3 years foreman last place. Call at 1011
Mission st.. city.
GOOD sober man. with references, wants
place with private family or kitchen work;
teamster, grocery store; gardener. Address
.106 Colllngwood St.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation to do
plain cooking and housework: good refer-
ences. GEORGE. 13194 Larkln st.
MAN with 3 years' experience wishes position
to drive delivery wagon. Address box 725.
Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer open for engagement-
high references. Box 727. Call office.
RELIABLE, industrious German gardener •
understands taking care of horses and cows
and handy around the place; good references.
Address box .763, Call office, city. Oakland
or Alameda.
EXPERIENCED In farming, fruit growing,
road building and general practical work
also understands land eying: good refer-
ences. T. A. CREOAN. Napa. Cal.
Y ? U JJS miner wants to go to Alaska: is used
to the climate and handy with all kinds of
tools; will go for wages or on shares; refer-
ences. Box 776, call office.
COACHMAN, with best of references, German"
wants situation. Address lox 738, Call office.
W|AN™^*Jrttio«W | AN ™^*Jrtti0« hy~a~ "rst-claas wT
5?&H Otel ♦ or " alOOn: - cl ass references:
no objection to country. Address box 77?. Call.
I C^ OK vv a <e<>. situation In restaurant, lunch
or coffee house: steady and competent- best
of references. C 54 Mission St.. room 1
:^^; n ßA^^r^rFr7;^:^r^^
wants any situation. Box 770? Call office '
M :;^wT^ h n^iv a r§^
JAPANESE wants a situation to do general
Edd*;Xc k e. and help »■»»""• M. c . ra !
nr.l baggage to nml from f^rry
FEMALE HELP WASTDD.
l - j a i"}? r ' $i 5: Biri - "noir^catrnr^irT
Gough. $15: girl. Ashbury. $15- girl Scott
$15: girl, McAlllst-r. $15; girl, wfbster $15-
GI L - Union. J2O: girl. Turk. $18- girl Van
Ness, $20; second girl $20 to $->o Sri s.ft
ter $20; g lrl . Alan fj a ' l 20: l g, r $ .r-Sa n Mateo;
££i i** 1 " I *'* 2o : "-Klrl.-MHr.il County. $20 :
i f irl - Castro. $20; girl. Filbert. $20: girl. Full
Gough. $20. MARTIN & CO
HELP WANTED— Continued.
2 SECOND girls, Oakland. $25 and $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. __________
NEAT Irish housework girl, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. .
WAITRESS, boarding-house, city. $20; wait-
ress, country hotel. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
AN Irish girl as cook, $30, see lady here. MISS .
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ]
WAITRESS, $25. private family. MISS CUL- .
I. EN. 325 Sutter st : ■
■;MAN or Swiss cook, ranch. $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. -
I GERMAN second girls. $25 and $20; 6 young ! '
girls, assist housework, $10 to $15. MISS .
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. | ■
NEAT housework girl, sleep home, $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ■ <
CHAMBERMAID, private family, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
5 FRENCH maids. $25 each; French nurse. $25; <
German nursery governess, $25. MISS CUL- .
LEN. 325 Sutter St. •
EXPERIENCED hospital nurse. $25; English, j ]
Scotch or North of Ireland second girl, across . i
the bay, $25; Protestant second girl, country, j
$25: French cook, no wash. $30; German or j .
Swiss ranch cook. $25; German nurse, $20: 2 <
cooks, German style, $25; housework girl, j
Stockton, 3 In family, $25; 2 cooks, boarding- | -
house and hotel. $25: 4 waitresses, hotels and j ]
restaurants. $15 and $20; and a large number
of other girls to fill our numerous situations -
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES and 2 waltressei, same coun-
try hotels, $20 each: waitress for hotel at ;
Woodland, $20: Stockton. $20; Salinas. $20; '
lunch counter girl, railroad depot hotel. $6 a
j week: chambermaid and wait at dinner, city,
$20; hotel cooks, $35 and $25; Ironer, run shirt ;
polisher. $30. C. R. HANSEN St CO., 108
Geary st. '
j GERMAN or Scandinavian cook for men, $25; j
hotel cook, small place. $25, fare 50c: girls
for housework. $20 and $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st. .
GERMAN or Scandinavian ranch cook, Napa |
County, $25: cooks and housework girls. St. j .
Helena, Merced, West ley. Suisun and other I .
places. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em- , .
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. . '
33 GIRLS and women as cooks, waitresses, ,
cooks for mines, hotels, ranches, private
families. $25 and $20: waitresses, $18 and $20. -
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment j <
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GERMAN or Swiss woman, dairy, $25: 2 girls. 1
Oakland, 2 in family. $20; German houseglrl.
2 In family. $20; chambermaid. $15; nurse, $15: :
cook, $25; 2 second girls. $25 each; number of
girls to assist. $10 and $12. MRS. NORTON, .
323 Sutter st. , •_ :
Housekeeper for small family at
ANDRE'S, SOS Stockton st. .
JAPANESE M. E. Church Employment Bu- ]
reau. 1329 Pine St.; young men and women
for Christian and moral hon ( es; cooks, house
service, working students; reliable. Mention
The CalL ,- !
, WANTED— German girl to d<» general house-
work and assist with children and do plain
•washing. Inquire at 145 Henry St.. bet. 14th .
and 15th, near Noe.
WANTED— good Swedish «>r German girl; '■
must understand washing. ironing and plain
cooking. Apply at 321 O'Farrell St., bet. 10 |
and 11:30 a. m. j
15 YOUNG cooks, house and second girls; also j i
nurses and young girls to assist. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 417 Powell st. ,
' EXPERIENCED nurse to tak.* care of baby: ]
reference required; wages $;5. Inquire 3232
Jackson st.
GERMAN girl or elderly wo.nan for house-
work; plain cooking: 2 in family. 2216 Fill- .
more st. i ;
WANTED— GirI experienced In making paper
boxes. STUPARICH. 523 Market st.
WANTED— first-class waist hand. 1264
O'Farrell st. .. I .
GIRL to assist for light housework. 25 Rausch i
St., bet. 7th and Bth. Howard and Folsom.
GIRL, assist housework; no cooking; sleep ■
home. Call after 10 a. m.. 1£39 Ellis st.
GIRL for light housework: can sleep home.
3262 Twenty-second St., near Valencia.
COMPOSITOR— A rare chance for the right
party. Apply 639 Ellis st.
YOUNG rlrl to assist in baicery shop. 226
Third st.
GIRL wanted to wash napkins wages $20. 517
Montgomery st.
WOMAN for housework; 2 in family; no wash-
ing. 25 or 319 East st.
| NEAT German or Swedish girl for light house-
work. 523 Geary st.
YOUNG lady typewriter who understands
shorthand. Address In own handwriting,
stating experience and salary expected. Box ■
706. Call office. .
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Call forenoon. 1628 Sutter st.
WANTED A strong woman used to nursing ■
to care for invalid lady. 3V4 Larkln st.
GIRL to assist with light housework and chll- ■
dren. 1306 Hayes St., near Devlsadero.
WANTED— 2 little, girls to board; best refer-
ences; a mother's care. M. O. S.. Call office. ■
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on pants. 736
Minna st. : ■
EXPERIENCED shirtmakers; also appren-
tices. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. '
SCHOOLGIRL about 14 to assist in light house-
work. 10 Hyde st.
WANTED— Shirt finisher. 521 Valencia st.
REMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladle*.' specialist, to
150S Market st. ; monthly troubles, etc.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st. * '
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st. ; perfect fit ; no trying on trial free.
: LOT of uncalled-for shoes from Joe up to $1 25.
562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing, 35c. men's shoes, sole-
Ing, 50c.: all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d. •
, THE McDowell- Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the best place to leatn: Mechanics' <
Fair diploma: patterns cut 25c »jp. 103 Post.
MALE HELP WAITED. •
! COOK, lunch place, $45; cook, country. • $40 and
room: night cook, $45: night cook, $35: cook.
$50: hotel second cook, $30 and* room; second
| cook. $35 ; 3' cooks, $7 and $8 a Veek; restaur-
ant cook. $75 to $90. MARTIS* & CO., 749 ■
Market. ;..
COOK and dishwasher, $40 and room. MAR- ■
TIN & CO., 749 Market. -
MALE nurse, institution, see party here, 9 to
11 a. m. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
PORTER and runner, country. $25, room, etc
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market. ;
TWELVE redwood tiemakers. 10 .cents per tie :
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market. ;' . T ,;
WAITERS. $25 and room; waiter, dress suit
$30: 3 waiters. $5. $6 and $7 a : week. MAR-
TIN _ CO.. 749 Market. .U:  : % '
HEAD cook, restaurant, $100: Droller, $16 a
week; second cook, hotel, $40: saloon lunch
cook. $30: baker for an Institution. $25; pot
washer, hotel. $23: dishwasher, hotel $25 C
R. HANSEN & CO.. IPS Gear,- st.
HENRY WEBER, the cook, Wanted. C R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St..
] PORTER and runner, country hotel. $20- bell
boy. hotel. $10. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 103
1 Geary st. *
FOUR German or Scandinavian farmers $20-
tiemakers, woodchoppers. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st. ■
RAILROAD laborers and teamsters. C rT
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st' '
TWO waiters, cloth jackets, $30. • C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
IRONER. hotel laundry, $30. C.iR. HANSEN
& C 0... 108 Geary st. '
WANTED— Boy for grocery store:' 15 tiemakers
Sc and 10c:'choreman. $S and found: miner $3
day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. Vs \
Sacramento st.
WANTED— English valet for gentleman; young
man to become trained nurse. ; Apply to J I
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— WaIter, country restaurant, $35-
second-hand baker. $13 week; lunch and din-
FTT W * r7»- |I 24 O __ 5 ' Appl> ' tO J ' F CROS -
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class man who understands
subscription book business. $75 to $150; furni-
ture and carpet salesman. Apply to J F
_CRQSKTT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
5 LABORERS -... rjIZTT-Z-ZT"
City, company work. $1 &0 day. board home"
• 2 sand X teamsters; M tiemakers Sc. Sc and
10c each; 32 wnodchoppers. $1 * corf- black-
, smith for ranch: 6 farm hands. $20 and
farmer and wife: 3 gold placer Btlß-nTehore-
man (or an institution; 25 famllivs to cut pine
and redwood; 5 found; or Swede* for can T do
ranch. $20 and found; laborer *ho can do
some blacksmlthing: machinist. MURRAY
_it_?_^_i__!_!!!^ mplo> i enl A * ents>
TAILOR : \ , y
Wanted, country shop; 3 cooks; 3 i waiters- 1
oishwasher*. MURRAY & UEA^Y Leadine
Employment Agents. 634-636 Ch\y st
must^bi
__^_5«#8« H
iLANSrI _tf»_f2_?T_? " oaraen » wanted at
I _.A^ES, 504 Davis st.. near J*k ->on.
HELP WANI^D— Continued.
WANTED— Butler. $45: second . butler. $"-">:
waiter, plain hotel, $25; cook, country. $40;
French vineyardist, $25, etc. ANDRE'S. 308
Stockton st.
WANTED— Steady man to take orders nr.;i as-
sist generally in light cash office business:
must be satisfied with $65 per month to start
with and have $150 cash; experience not nec-
essary. 995 Market St., room 3.
BOY" to assist in butcher shop. Southwest cor-
ner Lacuna and Geary sts. _^
WANTED— One experienced wood worker to
build sleds. 71S Third st.
, . _ i ■ m- :
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 432 Fifth st.
Wanted— 4 good barbers. 207 Fourth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday. $3. 623 Clay st.
YOUNG man to solicit orders from grocery-
store; salary- Box 7-1. Call Office.
SOOD night cook in a restaurant. 1759V4 Mis-
sion st. |
BOY wanted. J. C. NOLAN. 541 Market St.
WANTED— A young boy to wait on tables in
restaurant. 113 Turk st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing. Filbert
and Fillmore sts.
MEN willing to work. Please call at 33 Third
street. ______-,
WANTED— Scandinavian or German couple,
man to take care of horses; woman to do
housework: state salary expected. Address
box 711, Call office. •
BOOKKEEPER who can give references and
bonds, and who understands typewriting and
shorthand. Box 719, Call office.
FOUNG man who understands typewriting and
shorthand; state references and salary. Box
718. Call office. - •■■'-■•:
BARBERS— Attention! Wanted, a two-chair
barber shop; state price. Address box 716,
Call office.
WANTED— Iron workers. Apply HOL.BROOK.
MERRILL & STETSON, corner Market and
Beale sts.
SEAMEN for coast. Alaska and Australia; no
cash required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
A NO. 1 solicitor for shoe repairing: wagon
furnished; references required. Box 717 Call.
S5O MONTH* and board; no experience required;
$250 cash. Owner. 605 Clay st., 10 to 2.
ELDERLY man to do chores. Apply 1139 FoN
som st.
"MAKER TAYLOR— DAVIS wants to
see you.
25-CENT barber shop and bath; country, near
city; good chance: good reason for selling;
must be sold. Address box 692, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become s".ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
• cruitinc office. 20 Ellis st.. San Franeieco, Cat.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO tailors — Good bushelman wanted. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LY-
ONS. 721 Market St. .
GUNSMITH and bicycle repairer. Call at
CLABROUGH. GOLCHER & CO.'S at 11 a.m.
3OOD paying barber shop for sale cheap; must
be sold this week. 43>4 Third st.
PARTY with $iro to rent 18 acres garden land
and a 4-room house furnished. Owner, box
172. Gi'roy.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers,
$1: same price to order. Best American.
$1 50. SHIRLEY. S2l Howard st.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been sllehtly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value: from 2"c to $2 50. 663
Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
WINCHESTER House! 44 Third St.. near
Market; 2PO rooms. 25c a night: reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
BARBERS Association Free Employment Of-
__W_^ S. FT-CHP. Sop.. 32.-, Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and subscrlntlons taken.
(IE LARKIN— office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. . ' ' :..
-INGLE rooms Jfto and 15c night. 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber, trade in eight weeks. 8. J
F. Barber College. 13RH Eighth.
ELCHO House. 863V4 Market st.— Kooms 20c.
?5c to HOc nlrht: $1 to $2 wf-ek.
ROOMS. ]5c to 75c per night: 50c to $1 50 per
week. Orients!. 225 :mm St.
WANTED— Montana House. 764^ Mission:
men to take room«: 10c. 15c and 25c par
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers ami
rlerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth.
_'"r » r«fiTn: ?S<« n night: ?1 » Tro»V
AGENTS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS canvassers wanted to solicit
subscriptions for the San Francisco Call
Scrihner's United Str.te* History Clubs: the
greatest United States history ever published
costing over $100. for illustrations alone:
tnls Is a grand opportunity for a live agent
to make money. Call or wrHe nt once for
particulars. Address San Francisco CaTl.
History Department, room 120S Claus Spreck-
els building.
HOARDING WANTED. *
MIDDLE-AGED single gentleman occupying a
prominent and responsible position. Is de-
sirous of permanently locating himself with
a liberal minded and social family wh re he
could enloy home comforts and privileges:
• comfortable room or suite with freedom of
the house and breakfast : will pay good price
If suited. Address "Home," box 659, Call
office, with full particulars. \
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO single gentlemen want 2 or~3~furnis"hV<i
rooms, with private bath; Pine or California
sts. or cross streets not further west, than
Powell: house must be absolutely quiet In the
mornin<-. Address, stating terms, box 715
Call office. •
YOUNG man wants pleasant room: central; IS
to $12. Address box 722. Call office. ,
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY music teacher wishes large unfurnished
room between Market and Howard. Fourth
and Eighth sts.: half payment In piano lee-
sons. Box 702. Call office.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— flat: $15 to man" and
wife. Box 753. Call office. . • •
. FURNITURE WAFTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
en-— »-v «f • hlcrlKiot -H/— ■« nnM. T»l. r>iv> 71.
■WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To rent, a furnished boarding-
house In mining camp, «=nwmlll or station.
Address MRS. MONACO, Rodeo, C ntra Costa
County, care Union Oil Works. .:..•;
WANTED — Second-hand revolving barber
chair. 53 Fifth st. n
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves.,
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 11-3 Market st.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses. sorvlskln^.
wanted; best prices: send postal. IC-.0 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. .T. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, rxi'.ver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
HORSES.
HORSE and cart for sale. 1926 Leaven worth
St.. near Union.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses: 1200 to
1600 pounds. 115 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO? Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD of horses suitable fo- any business
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
waco:;s AND CARRIAGES.
WE sail at bargains the second-hand carriages
coupes and wagonettes taken in excha-_f>'
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye
and Polk. St.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons. 2- wheeled carts, road wagons bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.- . v ■ .
TO > buggy, new , grocery, business buggy and
good S-sprlng delivery wagon. .181 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
clock : branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ada t_it-^BUSINESS CHANCES. j
BREWERY MEN. ATTENTION! i
$12.000— Brewery: part cash; best proposition
ever made in this line; beat locality in the j ■
State; running full capacity; plant complete ■■ ■
and In first-class order; water power free; J ;
engines in bottling works and brewery; ready ;
sale for all products: more than full value j ;
in eight; elegant brick and frame buildings. ■
M. LESS. 766 Market St. !
RESTAURANT; good location; has steady. ! j
paying class of trade; very low rent; has ,
everything first class in dining-room and .
kitchen; worth your while seeing. M. LESS, j ;
765 Market st. , :
CORNER grocery and bar; most choice I '
location in the Western Addition; large stock; ]
big bar trade: an Al offer; worth looking
into; satisfactory reasons for sale. M. LESS,
765 Market St. i j
$600— COFFEE saloon and chophouse, north of ( ;
Market st. ; old and well-established place; ;
fine trade: finely fitted up; rent reasonable; ;
easily clears $150 per month; trial. M. LESS, i ;
765 Market st. ; ;
$150— CORNER grocery and bar; best proposl- |
tlon ever made for less than $400; 3 living !
rooms; old-established place; must be sold j
to-day; owner leaves Monday. M. LESS. 765 t
Market st. I
$375— DELICACY and dairy produce store; well ]
located; south of Market St.; extra large j ,
stock on hand; doing splendid business; 4 1
nice living rooms; rent only $15. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
STATIONERY, news agency and cigars:
Western Addition; clearing $S0 monthly: 3
living rooms: good genuine investment. In-
• quire WILKE. 783 Market St. |
DRUG store, established many years, in very j
choict^t location, having the highest reputa- j
tion and a lar^re patronage in prescriptions !
and general drug business; Important other i
engagements compel owner to sell. WILKE,
783 Market st.
$760 — FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
house, connected with 13 furnished rooms. In
liveliest city 33 miles from S. F. ; a rare busi- i
ness offer: sickness in family cause of sale- ;
actual value $1500. WII.KH, 75.1 Market st. j
$1650— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar; choicest location in Western Addition:
rent $45: average monthly receipts about I
J1500; all fresh stock: owner to leave for i
Klondike. WILKE. 783 Market st.
A— sSso: corner grocery and bar. with 4 living ■
rooms. in Mission: horse and wagon; doing
a good paying business; no opposition within
a Mock; low rent. Call WILKE, 753 Market.
A— s2?.O: delicacy, branch bakery and confec- '
tionery store, on Hayes st. : 2 living rooms:
rent $16; first-class investment. WILKE. 7t>3
Market et.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. 565»4 Market !
Ft., will sell your business quick for cash.
$r.CV-PARTNF.R in light Indoor cash business; i
well estaW;*h<>d : ? v " month to each. APM- ''
STRONG. <*."•» Market st. !
$600— COR! liquor store; best location; sac-
rifieeJ account departure: sure bargain: make
offer. ARMSTRONG & CO., 865% Market st.
$550-?-CANDY find ice cream store: best loca- j
tlon: clears $VM) month. See ARMSTRONG i
& CO.. S6SH Market st.
OFFICE to lei See ARMSTRONG. SC5'4 Mar-
ket St.
lljno— WOOD, coal, feed store; good bargain.
JT-vi— Faloon. best location in city.
j;7.>v_Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition. !
$-V.p— Coal oil route: well established.
JI2.V- leery and delicacy store; a bargain; j
and ether good bargains at
ANDERSON & V* INNS. 777 Market st.
$000 — BAKERY and coffee saloon: good buai- .
ness street: the fixtures cost $2000; this Is the ;
greatest bargain in the city to any one or I
two men who understand the business. CUR- i
RAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
i*~o— PARTNER wanted in saloon near Mar- j
<ft and Kearny sts.; rare chance for a steady I
Tian. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
* •'>— RESTAURANT: sure fortune to man who I
jnderstands the business. CURRAN & CO.. i
; " ! .irny st. . '
ANTED— To invest t5OOO to $20,000 Eastern j
capital, if you have some enterprise or I
scheme fnat will pay big; no answer except i
■where full particulars are sent in advance. !
Address box 782, Call office.
EAT and clean delicacy a"nd eery; fine I
business: good stock cooked meats, butter,
eges. etc.: cheap rent; will sell cheap for '
cash. MRS. W. F. S.. box 704. Call office. j
$6C«v>— GOOD-PAYING wholesale liquor an.l el- i
par business in best interior town of this j
State: party must leave. Address box 701. I
Call office.
BARBER shop, 2 chtirß. for sale at Watson-
ville: rloine eooii business. Apply R. P.
QUINN. Watsonvllle. Cal.
$500 WILL buy a one-half interest In one
srav.-l and two _'!.! quartz claims. Ad-
areas box 755. Call Office. ■ ■ j
SODA WORKS route: horses, wagon; rent .
$15: 4 living-room?; no: agents. -210 Connect*
leut st. » . ■ •
MISSION, 1151 Branch bakery, candy and no- 1
tlon Ptore. $100; 4 rooms and kitchen.
$20— STORE to let, cor. 6ak~and~Franklin; sult- '
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
CORNER saloon; good location; cheap rent;
owner sick. Inquire 253 Third St.
~ . I
RESTAURANT for sale. 313 • Farrell st.
$100 WILL buy a tine drinking saloon, with j
stock and fixtures Inquire 637 Clay st.
FOR sale — Restaurant: cheap; good location; j
cheap rent. 13% Grant aye., basement. :
GRAND opportunity for the right man as a
partner, with $2000 to $4000. to take control of
very profitable bup'.ni-ss: strictest investiga-
tion solicited: particulars given 'on personal I
Interview: part coin can remain if so re- i
quired: no agents. Box 718, Call Office. i
WAN" Partner with $300 cash: good busi- J
ness: must be willing to go to Denver. Colo.;
Invesl R. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis, city.
GOOD-paying restaurant for sale: best loca- I
tion in the city: investigation allowed. 2424 '
Mission st.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business: sick-
ness cause of sal< . E. E. BUNCE, SOS '
Broadway. Oakland.
MAN for partner: $100 capital; good-paring
business. 1015 Market, rm. 17. second floor.
FOR sale— Grocery with bar and 2 furnished I
living rooms; cheap. Apply this office. !
FOR sale— Delicacy store-, with 2 furnished I
rooms, on account of sickness. 153 Seventh. I
LADY or gentleman partner In an established :
matrimonial agoncy. Address box 703. Call. !
WELL paying saloon, fl;«t-class location! 506
Clay st.
FOR PALE— Whole or part small coffee saloon;
Cheap. A: ply 43 Third St.
PARTNER in dyeine nd cleaning business;
must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
PAYING* bar: good opportunity at sacrifice;
near Baldwin: make offer. 1016 Market st.
$60Cf>— SOUND investment to suitable party; a
gentleman of business habits can make
money. Box 735, Call office.
$225— RESTAURANT, doing good business;
suitable man and wife. Address W. A. V.,
Call branch office. 106 Eleventh Bt;
STATIONERY and cigar stare, with or with-
out furniture; party leaving city. 181?. Polk.
FIRST-CLASS bakery. 4 horses and 2 wagons;
good outside trade. Inquire at Call office.
FOR sale cheap, express wagon, horse and
stand. 2929 Twenty-third st.
CIGAR stand, northeast corner New City
Hall square and City Hall aye.
BOOK, stationery and cigar store, doing a
good business. 615 Larkln.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 729, 1
Call office.
$4100— A chance of a lifetime: one of the finest J
fitted up saloons and family resort In this,
city for sale: fine located corner: low rent 1
and long lease; owner piTist leave town to
settle up estate. Address box 686. Call.
— $60fl; saloon and restaurant; opposite depot: I
terminus 2 car lines: doing rushing business; j
living and club rooms: rent $40; best busi-
ness opening in marnet. Inquire WIE- |
LAND'S BREWERY.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery; fine location; good
business: 4 years' lease; bargain for cash.
841 Mission St.
CORNER saloon, good location, south of Mar-
ket st.; good 'stock and nice fixtures; side
rooms, etc.: very reasonable. Box 604. Call;
BLACKSMITH'S tools and stock for sal*:
shop to let. Apply at 1129 Alabama St.; no
reasonable offer refused; must be sold.
OLD - ESTABLISHED grocery and saloon:
good business: lease If required, or can buy
property. Apply this office.
PATF.NTS.
SMITH & "PRORV. Retrtst'd Patent Agents:
. established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PORTLAND asrency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third Ft.., Portland, Oregon. '
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CASWF.LL & ''OS <1* Sacramento st.
ALA KA ENTERPRISES.
WANT 2" men who will go to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway,
Oakland. CaL - .- . - • -.
NEW passenger and freight vessel for sale
quick. 90S Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
PARTIES with $500 or more to build steamer
and dredger for Alaska. Box 47. Vallejo. Cal.
2 HARDY young Scotchmen, holding good po-
sitions in. English vessel, .would -like to go to
Klondike if they could meet person with cap-
ital willing to back them. Box 756, Call office.
j
LODGING HOILES FOR SALE.
WINSTON A CO., Ml MARKET STREET. »
RELIABLE BROKERS. :
1" rooms, part cash; elegant, new J... 51,000
19 rooms, corner: a snap for 5r.0 | r
23 rooms, near Baldwin: only S5O I c
26 rooms, 12 unfurnished: rent $40 400 I
25 rooms, payments: rents $75: new 1200 | _
26 rooms, otnees; will exchange for city ! \
property.
30 rooms, part cash, bal. payments 2000
50 rooms, I corner; rent $100 2000
68 rooms, clears from $2."0 to $300 3200 -
120 rooms; rent $120; part cash 1500 , J
W-ROOM house; 2 fronts; clears $90.....".$ 600
24 rooms in Oakland: new furniture; clears •-
over $200 per month; only 2.600 S
150-room hotel: 100 boarders 10,000
14-room house, on Post. .7 600 -
100-room house; fine corner 7 '<■■> '
27-room house on Post st 1,600
24-room house near Call office son =
34 rooms, fine corner 1,600
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St.. only CM) -
16 rooms, on Market, part offices *50 (
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye.. rent $40 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250 -
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
GOOD chance to make money; SO rooms; rent ' '
$76; terms, half cash, balance monthly pay- I
ments. 105 New Montgomery st.
FOR RALE — Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
some st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE: good condition; owner going to *
country; must be sold. 634% Turk st.
OAK chamber set and kitchen furniture for '
sale cheap. Inquire CIS Kearny st. •
FURNITURE of I rooms; cheap for cash. 1 (
254 A -Clara st. r. ■
; ]
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not ,
do without when good instruments can |be : -
purchased from us at cash prices upon ! ]
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5. ■ $6, 47, $$. $9, •
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In- ' -
eluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your «
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway "
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house ;
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. : :
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs '
and all other musical instruments of all i
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low- ;
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano it will pay you to "
consult us. Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and '
give the purchaser the advantage gained <
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 to 20
O'Farrell St.. Curtaz block. ; ■
CONOVER, slightly used. HM.
Steinway. slightly used. $27",
Whickering, second hand. $190. i i
Large stock, lowest prices, rent, installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st. '
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve th! opportu-
nity: aceney famous Haines Bros.. Rush Ik ,
Gerts and nun. WM. C. HAMILTON. !
successor, to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 321 Post.
AT GAHDNF.R ,v GLASSELI 20K Post St..
0 you will find a large and varied stock of
p!an>->«: prices and terms as reasonable as
any house In the city.
DKPKER *• SON pianos are always satisfac- '
tory. Get low prices from Mauvais Music
Co.. 769 Market st.
BOHMER*Co., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Bribes and other pianos: nee our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30"!, 310, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction 'or fash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
AN almost «.ew upright piano; fine tone; call
9 to 3. 426 Putter st.
SACniFtrTD — Elee-ant uprieht piano; must i
sell. 230 Koarny St.. room 26.
SMALLEST ad. lowest "price. Heine. 136 Ellis. ! 1
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16 |
McAllister St.. near Hibernia Bank. '■
HOFVUNQ'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st.
KINOSBURY (I«<>7 rn...i.-ii is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT, 526 Hayes st.
ST'PFPTon violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
Kv\:i- pianos: new seals: new styles.
pom fd * CHASE. SO O'FarreTl st.
TEAS^
_ n
TEAS,
i : ?KL 25. 30, .35. 40. .V) per pound. I
> • . . . ..^ COFFEES.
10. 15. 20. 25. 3". 40 per pound.
SPICES. ' }
10. 15. 20. 2.". 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE . . ,* '
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTINO TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
. FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS. entrln«s. 2d hand machinery. M -
rNTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than :
ever. Hermann Safe Fac. 533 Sacramento.
PAIR of gems, diamond screw earrings. $230.
worth $400. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ZW ORANGE boxes (in shook*): 500 Pickle
kep-«; 11V! rush boxes. Anplr E. A. BUSH-
ELL, 1253 Broadway, Oakland.
ST. BERNARD -I.e. 115 pounds, good for
, Klondike. 558 Third st., Oakland.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo. motor, belts and i
pump. H. S. WHITE. Cl 6 Mission st.
SEVERAL well bred Japanese pug dogs for '
sale. Call at 449 Bryant Ft.
J. R POOL. houst?-m<*\-»r. rl°aler second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission St.
FINE dog. Great Dane, l 1l 1 - years old: weight
115: lust fit for Klondike. Box 731. Call.
THOROUGHBRED young St. Bernard dog for
Alaska. Fifth and Delaware st*.. West
Berkeley.
CARPENTER shop with a good business. Ap- '
ply 712 Larkln ft.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer in second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. ; mall orders
promptly attended to. 846 Mission st.
OLD buildings bought and removed -it short
notice. Apply Old Bay District Tr^oit build-
ings or 629 A Ellis. .T. B. FRENCH.
FINE saloon front, embossed stained glass,
nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl h*rh<T washstnnd*. cheap. lIUF-
BCHMTDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargnlns In new and *<-c"nd-hand: nil !
sizes; half original cost, 103-I U. Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONF.S. «0: Records., jr. per doz.:
Projeotoscope, $100. Baclgalupi. 533-946 Mrkt
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck. letter-press, i
•desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mit (too St.. above Sixth,
BARS, showcases, counters. shel\lnfr. etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR RALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe, j
at 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, phllavs, sha'tinc. laundry
machinery, etc. RMTTTT CO.. r*7 Mission st. |
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold; ;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CARPET. CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans, i
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.. :
23 and 40 Eichth st. : telephone j South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work i
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- 1
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.: tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam, Carpet-Cleaning !
Works. 14 Sth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
ADVANCE Carpet-c'.eanlng Co.. -420 Sutter:
tel: Main 394. OCX). WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 3c; laying. 3c; rug samples free; i
tel Jessie 944. - Stratton. 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new. j
23 Tenth: tel. South 86. Mackintosh & Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. : cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works. 323 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
. PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
CODERS! residence. Just completed: 12 rooms j '
and bath; Eddy st.. near Van Ness aye. ,
MADISON & BURKE. ' I -
SEVEN rooms; bath; large cellar: In perfect j
order. 135 Harriet st., bet. Folsom and Har- 1 -
rison. I
,VHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do ■
so. If you have mortgas-ed and wish to pay '
It off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Invest. Co., 11 Montgomery st. , '
U.I. OVER TOWN- . i
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN & '-
HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— For office and resl- , -
dence; 8 rooms; very choice; Investigate. I ]
AKHSTEU. 1321, near O'Farrell— con- -
venient house. 6 rooms, bath: only $25. I
FURNISHED HOUSES. )
niATTANOOGA. l'»- New corner cottage of t -
furnished rooms. ;
—— = :
COTTAGES TO LET. :
'OUR rooms and stable in good order. 1314 ,
Jessie St.: rent reasonable.
FLATS TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 7 rooms and bath. i
NE. cor. of Dolores and Fifteenth sts. --;- .
riTLTON. 118 Kin.- middle flat, ' rooms, bath: < !
near City Hall. $23.
iIO UPPER flat. 3 sunny rooms; yard and eel- '
lar. 1239 Folsom, near Ninth st. ;
3OLDEN GATE, 933— New upper sunny mod-
ern flat: 6 rooms and bath. i ■
[lAIGHT and leaker— fcunny corner 6 and 6-
mom flats; good view: nice neighborhood. :
SUNNY corntr flat of five rooms: northeast
corner of Halght and Flllmore sts.
fIA"RRISON st.. 729Vi. between Third and ! ■
Fourth— Flat with .'. rooms and bath. . ■ ■ '
SUNNY corner flat: Golden Gate aye. and Fill- ' •
more st. ; reasonable; suitable profession. '
Apply at place.
A.— 6o NICE flats and cottages, under $.10. :
A— 3oo nice flats, cottages and houses. $10 up. !
20 new flats at SPECK & CO/8, 602 Market.
NEAT sunny flat, 3 rooms. 1 McCormac :
St., off Pacific.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 1C Montgomery st.
NATOMA. 714— Plat of 4 rooms; large yard:
cellar: sun all day: $10. !
OAK. 54—2 sunny furnished rooms; housekeep-
ing if desired.
$22— 5-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St.. near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
SACRAMENTO, 3647. corner Spruce— New. sun- 1
ny fiat of five rooms; bath, yard and. cellar.
SUNNY corner modern new flat. 6 rooms and '
bath. 204 Scott St., cor. Halght. |
529 TEHAMA st.— Modern flat 6 rooms; v.ater; 1
rent reduced. •:■_ -.-•..
MONEY loaned on wateffes. diamonds. Jew- !
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EDDY. 743 — Lower floor, complete for house- i
keeping; also single room; call mornings.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
ELEVENTH. 120— Two nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping: bay window.
FIFTH. 32r>— Clean furnished housekeeping;, ' 3. i
$13; one double. $S: single. $:,. •
FILBERT, 71S— 2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms: sunny: front; grate; bath; private.
GOLDEN GATE. 404— Sunny Boor complete for
housekeeping: also other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE. 620— Sunny parlor floor. $25:
also other rooms. ,
HOWARD. 831— Parlor floor, four large rooms:
unfurnished 1 2.', : complete for housekeeping
$3(>; walking distance; see this without delay. ,
JONES. 114— Sunny, convenient furnished flat;
2 or 3 rooms: half of cottage.
MCALLISTER, 2000 — Cheap housekeeping
rooms; also single furnished or unfurnished.
MISSION. 1063— Clean sunny suites; housekeep-
ing; $10 an.' ;12
NEW MONTGOMERY. 106 Cheap, clean fur-
nlshed housekeeping an.l sintrle rooms.
NOE. 151— Two or three furnished front rooms;
coal range, bath, yard: $11.
PERRY. . 263— Unfurnished floor. 4 fine large
sunny rooms; cheap.
POLK. Gft5 — 1 pleasant good-sized housekeep-
ing mom; reasonable. '. •
SIXTH/ IV3A— NMcely > furnished. • rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath: also $7 CO. 4 good rooms.
MONEY loaned os) watches, diamonds. Jew- '
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. If, Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
ASH aye.. X.l— Large sunny front parlor; every
convenience; also small room.
BUSH. 70Rii. near Powell -Nice sunny front
room; rent reasonable.
BUSH. 726— Two newly furnished rooms for
gentlemen, at f7 and $S per month.
BUSH. 727— Nicely furnished rooms In private
family: walking distance: nice neighborhood;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; very reasonable.
LEXINGTON. 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites: also single: for gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
FULTON. 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms; sirgle or en suite; $< and $15 up.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms '■
to let.
GEARY. 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents:
$6 and $7.
GEARY. 518— Elegant sunny housekpc rooms,
complete: also double, single; reasonable.
GEARY. 60S — Newly furnished sunny modern
rooms; pleasant neighborhood; terms reason-
able.
GEARY, 631— Nicely furnished front and back
rooms in private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 219- Furnished front
bay-window room; also hall and side rooms; i
$4 up.
GROVE. 402H— Sunny, large bay-window and
connecting room with bath.
HOWARD. 71.-,. ST. David's— 2oo rooms;
suites: single; sunny reading-room; 23c up.
HOWARD, 1513 A —Furnished rooms to let-
single or en suite.
HYDE, 1412— Newly furnished suites, with or
without housekeeping; also single rooms; ref-
erences.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
LARKIN, Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for jubilee visitors.
LEA WORTH. 617— Sunny single furnished
room: suitable for gentleman.
MARKET. 850— Elegantly furnished suites and
single rooms for Jubilee visitors.
MARKET. 10S2— (New management); fine, clean
rooms, $1 to $2 50 per week; transient. 25c up.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market-Furnished or un-
furnlshcd ninny rooms, single or suites;
terms reasonable.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished; single rms., suites; Jubilee vis.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
MISSION. 83:v— Sunny suite, large yard. $10;
large front room $2: sunny side.
NINTH. 130^. near Market— Large room, sun-
ny bay-window and grate; 1 small room.
POLK. 609— Large sunny furnished room for
gentleman; all conveniences; $8.
POST, 2406— Lady can get nicely furnished
room In private home; very reasonable; use
of -kitchen or board If desired.
POWELL. 123— Nice suite of rooms or single
rooms; rent cheap; also transient.
POWELL, 203— (The Monteilo)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL. 233— New house; newly 1 furnished-
suits and single; also office rooms.
CENTRAL House, .".2 Second— Bay window
room, with stove, $2 CO week; single rooms, $1.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
SEVENTH. 12814— Nicely furnish.-,!. sunny
rooms from $6 up.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prep.
STEVENSON. 525%. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
2 n' eiy furnished rooms en suite: $10 per
month; private family. '
STOCKTON.' 17. European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month: baths;
hot and cold water: transient: elevator.
STOCKTON. 611, near Pine— Three splendidly
furnished large rooms, and floors of three
unfurnished rooms; large garden.
the STANFORD." 320^ Sutter— Suits, single
rooms for Jubilee visitors, COo to ' $1-50 day.
BUTTER, TU-TM, and M Hyde— Furnished arid
unfurnished: choice for offices; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 804— Front suite, elegantly furnished;
pretty neighborhood; walking distance; suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; ??8; references re-
• quired. . - •
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
rHIKTKKNTH. 613, off Market— slo; 4 nice
rooms. -
.'AN NESS aye.. 410— Sunny parlor, housekeep-
ing privileges; single room, running water. $8.
iOO BUSINESS cards printed $1: IS visiting
card*. Be, HILL. 724H Market st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
0! LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scitption* and want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOM?
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board. $3 50.
FELL. 21— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional: parlor for t with board. $35.
POLB< .- 511-Swedlsh private boarding, with
100 m. $4 to $3 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
rURK. tO— Nice rooms and board in private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door; terms $20 up.
FAN NESS aye.. 508— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: -■.'' tioard: terms moderate.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
ELDERLY lady wisher 2 children to board;
kind care; terms easy. •>?.s Seventh St., rear
house.
YOUNG English lady will take children in hei
own home: good location: nice garden. Ad-
dress P.. Box 11 Call office. Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
FRONT-ST. store to Ml Front .-t . just
mirth of California; 2 floors and -cellar, with
elevator. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
$20 — STORE to let: corner Oak and Franklin;
suitable for any business. 15 Grant aye.
BLACKSMITH: large shop; 2 ares; fine loca-
tion; $15. 1223 Fell st.
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena: long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena. Cal.
tS» HAVES ST.— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OFFICES TO LET.
218 BANSOME st . now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. ASTITON. 411 Montgomery st.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE of 4 stalls, single or as a whole,' to
responsible party. 329 Eddy st.
STABLE and 2 rooms, kitchen, bath, etc.. for
party with buggy or light wagon; rent rea-
sonable; reference required. Apply 211 Third
aye.. near Clement st. .
EDUCATIONAL^
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es: electrical, civil * mining engineering, sur- |
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 18^2: catalogue.
AYREP" Business ColU-ge. Ml Montgomery st.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech-, survey, assay, archlt. ; day ft eve.;
set ' -1 VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market St.
MRS. FRIEfiRERG, voice culture; 60c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell St.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons: club $1'
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day. night: $5 mo. IKO4 Market, op. «th.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writing: terms reasonable. 101SA Post St.
SAN FRANCIS" Business College, ISM Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions In '96: 103 In '97. f
LUDLUM Bel I of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Sutter st.
VOICE culture, piano Pans graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FIPK teachers' agpnoles In 10 cities: teachers i
wn^tefi now. 4?0 Parmtt bu"iiin-r
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
c»ses of monthly irregularities, no matter j
what cause: instant relief for travelers: a i
cure effected fit once: safe and sure at any |
time: private borne In confinement: best care '
and attention; la! in trouble or suffering
from any complaint fiectrtTnr ~to their sex
should consult th. reliable specialist of long
and successful practice before going else-
where; every case guaranteed: consultation
free: office hours, 1') to 5. DR. and MRS.
KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless; never j
fails in any case of monthly sickness, no I
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected;
travelers helped Immediately; years' experi-
ence: home in confinement with sanitarian
conveniences, Consult free the only reliable
physicians. DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 14 Mc-
Allister St., next Hlbernia bank; hours, 9 !
a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
AT. monthly Irregularities or other conditions |
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
Rnd sure at any time; kind sympathy and '
Bid: Instant relief for travelers: tumors re- j
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
rx-xt core and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else- j
where: regulating pills and capsules. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. HI Post st.. near Larkln.
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
ntrolute cure for all female diseases: posi- |
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre- j
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by :
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all !
special diseases free WALLER BROS.. S3 ■
Grant aye.. 8. F. A caution— Before pur- •
chewing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hay« CalM: no instruments used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed: ad-
vice free- terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate hr.me for confinement. MRP. DR.
DALEY, 112« Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.-
SVRE cure. wh?n ethers fall; no medicine or !
Instruments; every woman h»r own physl-
••lan for all female, troubles, no matter from
what <vid.se: restore In 1 day: never falls: con- |
sultation free: can 1" sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. $n Kearny. Orders by tele.
a I-OON to wlv>i« and mothers— Peguro; prlc»
»1 CO. RICHARDS A CO.. 406 Clay st : send
2c •imp for r-nrt'culars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. r.31 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DRP GOODWIN, diseases of women: ladles:
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home: best care; skill only: low
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
fei;i.\ •> tr>. res: no danger: Mfe. rue- J2 >;
pxprfsr C. O. D. : don't delay until no late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agen'«. Oakland. Csl.
FEMALES In trouble consult a reliable physi-
cian: monthlies restored at once: low fee- fe-
male pills. $1 60. DR. SMITH. 1508 Market st .
1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. S-ittler. gradu-
ate midwife, 1709 Powell st. ; tel. Red 2641.
DR. HALL. , II McAllister Ft., near Jones—
Diseases of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs Dr. Poets: Infallible safe reme-
dies; 38 years experience. 23414 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1411 Sth -• . Alameda.
DPS K. * K. cur* chronic, nervous, blood.
sk'n or private diseases. R Mason St.. S. F.
CIS LARKIN ST.— Bmnrh office of The Call.
Subscriptions nnd want ad* taken.
LOST.
LOST— Thursday, between 4 and 4:30. on Grant
H\e.. near Putter St.. a gilded purse and chain
containing $50; finder can keep money if he
will return purse; It Is the property of a
deceased relative. VANDERSLICE, 116 Sut-
ler ft.
WILL the person who took by mistake silver-
handled parasol from California Theater last
Saturday afternoon kindly return same to
room 33. eighth floor, Mills building, and re-
ceive reward?
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and I^-an Society of San Francisco, in the
name of NICHOLAS PANDELIDES: No.
212.f>34. The finder will pleas* return to hank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San • Francisco. in the
mini- of HERHERT W. HARBOURNE. No.
207,526. The finder will please return to bank.
NEAR Van Ness aye. and McAllister St..
lady's gold -watch; gold fob; $10 reward. 647
McAllister at. -
PAIR eyeglasses in case on Seventh et.. near
Mission. Return to 112V4 Seventh St.; suita-
ble reward.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
FOUND.
CAME to premises, pointer pup. 116 Guer-
rero st. ■ •■ ■
FOUND — Gold hunting case watch, bearing the
name of the owner. If latter will leave a
reward of $20 at Call business office and prove
property the same will be. restored.
FOUND— Bundle soiled linen, at ' Laguna and
Waller sts.: supposedly dropped from Chinese
wagon; marked "P.". Call 82 Waller St., pay
charges and take bundle.
PERSONALS.
DAVE H. TOLEB— A you wrote but I
years ago, city, wants to see you. Inquire or
address L. C, 317& Third St., San Francisco.
NEW method massage, electric treatment:
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, SHV± Geary.
PRACTICAL hypnotism and suggestive thera-
peutics taught; diseases and habits cured.
402V4 Geary st.
PHRENOLOGICAL examinations, instructions
in phrenology and human . magnetism. 406V4
O'Farrell st.
I KNOW from long experience what style
pleases the best: halrdresslr.^, 2;>c: good
switches. $1; fine.t. best quality. $S 50; extra
heavy, long. $5; Monday open all day. except
from 11 to 2. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
1000 CARDS, SI M; 1000 bill heads. $1 M: 1000
statements. $1 90: 1000 letter heads, $2 60: 1000
envelopes, $1 90; printed first class: orders of
$6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO., print-
ers and photo-engravers, 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDOR Y*S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price.
100 capsules $10, 1000 capsules {90. Address
DR. V. CONUORY.
959 Howard st.
PROF. J. GREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. IMS. Miss
M. De Cbent. dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
BIG outdoor stereopticon show every night cor-
ner Market and Sixth sts.: artistic advertise-
ments in living light: promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
Be to $1 50 per night; $1 30 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths: genuine massage: Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 906 Market st., room 23. 2d floor.
ADVICE free: dlvcrce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. R25 Clay st.. P. F.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
I.KMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA hair tonic: a preparation unsur-
passed: 33e. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAL'S & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Pansome st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MHS. DR. WELCH. 211S Rn«rt» _!__
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. VoLDSTEIN-EleganC stylish dresses.
JS up: dresses made over. « Eddy st . rm 8 8.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED' ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEDE.
HE TELLS E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G.
He gives full names, dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reede wishes it distinctly under-
stood that he will accept no fee unless you
find him . r
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man. and
he will set you right. He has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money If he can't benefit you.
Private parlors, 236 Butter st., near Kear-
ny room 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2 p. m.
MRS DR. K. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Bend stamn
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rrr*. 25 & 26. 1206 Market opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader. born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease: full life readtnr: la.. sflc;
gents. ?l: palm. & clalrv.: Bit. $150,126 Turk.
MMX LIE NORMANDE: clairvoyant, card-
r»ader. magnetic treatment; hours 10 to 4.
4'M L-ravenworth st.
MISS LOLA M. STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
MME. MOREAIT. test medium, clairvoyant
fard-reader; Be up. 73 Fourth St., upstairs.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12S Seventh St.. second floor.
MME. MABKL HALL, card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission st.. room 10.
RAY FAIR— Canl reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. ' 223 Post St, room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, crent ... and
water reader. tUM Mission St., opp. Mint.
MME. LINEMAR tells fortunes by planets;
prd'td "74" steamer on Island. 23 1 , Sixth, r. 6.
MME. HANSEN. palmist card-writer: past,
present and future; Be 14 1 - Sixth, room 5.
MMX. LINDEN, card reader nnd magnetlst.
has returned; charms. 126 Fourth St.. room 23.
MME. ZIN'ELLA. the business medium asdl
astrologer. Room 12. 109 Grant aye.
MME. JOSIE TATLOR. card reader and genu-
ine magnet Ist 223 Post st., room 11. M floor.
MME. WOODS, card reader, mind reader,
magnetic charms. 207 Post St., room 8.
MRP. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings daily. 123H Sixth st, room 14.
: MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. PODAN, Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to « P. M.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor St.. room 3.
MME RAVKNA reads life fluently: business
advlre: names given: Be un. S Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. CONLEY*S spirit photographs and slate-
writing seance to-night: Be; slttlncß daily:
satisfactory readings by mail. $1 50. 1104 Mrkt.
THE social of the Ladies' Aid is nostponed
from to-morrow evening to first Friday In
Fehrravy.
MRS FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: dr. Tues.
and Fri. eve.: 10c; readings daily; 25 and
60 cts. 10S Sixth st.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
ings Be this week: satisfaction gar"td. 26 6th.
I ELSIE REYNOLDS has removed to 330 Ellis
St.: materializing seance Friday eve., SISI
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Halght st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS. 112*4 Oak: circles
Tues. 8 p.m.. Thurs. 2 p.m.; Be: readings $1.
MRS. HOSKINP. spiritual medium: circle
Tues., 8 p. m.. 25c: readings. $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
■»n«,.i,.. im.l ndvlre J1« StooV'on ft.
™ DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5: painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty: teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings £0,-, crowns
$3 50: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
filings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate: open ♦venlngs.
997 Market st, cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie B!>r>. '
NEW YORK Dentists— extraction. 6oc;
plates, $5: gold filling. 75c up: silver. 25c up;
plates -mended,. $1 up: special inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth. _J
DR. LtTDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.' 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per set: extracting Me; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
■ patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
$S— FULL eet of teeth: best --make; kept In
repair: extracting free: fillings. Me: crowns.
$3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, IS Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentil" t. has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market & Taylor.
L. A. TEAOUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call blcig.. Ml floor, rms. 603-607.
W. C. HARDING. M. D.. EM Putter St.. cor.
Powell: tel. Main 6375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and . warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1520 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG.' IS4I Polk st.
COLTON D»nt«l Assoclntlon. «C' 6 . Market . st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
""STORAGE. .'
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. . J. NOONAN, 1017 to 103
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings. -
AT lowest rates— Household Roods, pianos; ad-
vance* made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEKFUSS. $46 Mission st. Tel. n Mint IS2L .
_____________ _
TYPEWRITERS.
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order; $23; sample
sent. SCOTT & BANNAN, Jl3 Montgomery.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOTEL for »ale. In a thriving town, within
one hour's Journey of the city: containing 50
rooms, bath, etc.; modern brick building on
low lease: new furniture for sale; low price;
easy term*: good paying trade: bar about $20 '
per day. Apply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE &
CO.. 63S Market st.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great ' struggle.
Two cottages of *7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled. ■ fine hlith
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
Fide and garden- walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvement* tip to date; must be seen to
be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cort'aml aye. and
Mission St.. to J. M. COMERFOUD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m.; take Mission-st. cars to Cortland.ar.
NEW " -room, . bath, pantry, high basement; '
also . 6- room, ' rented $15: leaving San Fran-
cisco; no reasonable offer refused. Box 772,
Call office. ••,?-..;,
PROPERTY for sale and to let. Rll parts of
city and country. GEO. W. H. PATTKRSON
* CO.. Real Estate. Ins. Brokers. 1709 Mkt.
$6r>o WILL build 4-room cottage complete;
will call GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District. ■ . j
4-RM. mttape and lot. $1500; 1 block from Mis- :
sion car«: $16 monthly. BABTN. 413 Kearnv.
CODXTRY HEAL ESTATE.
$4.* M> — BKST bargain ever offered in Napa
County: >>?.'•■ acres, part in vines and fruit:
2 houses, bam. etc.. complete: on main coun-
ty road: paid this year over $1000 rash. Oil !
and Investigate. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. ■
902 Broadway, Oakland.
2000 ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MT'NRO. Rusa
House. 141 Montgomery st , S. F.. Cal. • '
WANTKr>-To exchange 2000 acres of good i
grain land close to town for San .Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda property: eaulty - al- i
lowed: principals . only. Box 757. Call. !
ANT one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels bulldinsr.
LITTLE homes close to town: improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre nieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWTNO. Sonoma City: '
every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
BOOK nnd l!«t of cheap land .free. M. M. '■
C.RTFFTN*. Cotton Shasta County. Cal. J
. PROPERTY TO FXCHANGP.
GOOD-RENTING • Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. F.DSON & TURTON.
1209 Broadway. Oakland. '
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6H per cent on real estate: 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate In probate, life Insurance, goods In
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought: no de- !
lay. R. M '-"LOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. Oak-
land or Alnmeda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commipxion*; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- i
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 8« Market St.: tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and f>% per cent:
also on second mortgages: life Insurance and
real estate in probate: any sum. Manhnttan
Loan Co.. r. 10 {ground floor). Mills bulldine. i
ON furniture and pianos without removal: n"> |
commission: lowest interest: part payments i
received: money quick and confidential. 1170 '
Market St.. room 6S.
$1. 000.000 TO loan on diamonds: low interest:
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth Ft., upstairs: strictly private: low
rnt»s: tel. Red 1121: established ISC9.
ON ' furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up:
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission; low j
rates; private. SCRIBNER. 7 City Hall So,.
ANT sum. Ist or 2d mortcneps. estates in pro-
bate. <etc. Room 7. EH California st.
tSO TO $."0,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: 1«t and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. K2< Mkt st. \
On pianos, •> furniture: no removal: lowest
rater: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
10 HI ATI I— Mart reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and lew<»lry.
. .FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS.'- IM Montfjcrnery St.— Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS <-,n real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rat»«. McAyPTE PRO? . in« Montgomery at. :
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn. <
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
•W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic ;
process from O. M. Henry, in the Murphy '.
diggings, near Volcano. Amador County, to
deposit tailings in Rancheria Creek: from
George A. Grltton, in the Clapboard Gulch
mine, near Volcano.' Amador County, to de-
posit tailings in Sutter Creek; from Frank J.
Ooyan, in the Cox mine, near Placerville, El i
Dorado County, to deposit tailings In a ra-
vine; from J. M. Longrnecker.. in the Hull
placer mine, near Genesee. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in a ravine, and from E.
Becker and Robert Mooney, in the Home- '
Ftake mine, near Amador City, Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Rancheria
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be ;
held at room 59. Flood building. San Fran- '.
Cisco. Cal.. on February 7 IS9B. at 1:30 p. m. I
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
O. A. Carlone and Lizzie Bnilhart. 33—29.
Henry Hertel and Ellnora Rohrbacher, 27—26
Paul Trefz and Anna Hilt. 20—22.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by i
mail will not be inserted. They must be i
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub- :
lished.
BORN. "
COOK— In Ferndale, January 17. IS9S, to the i
wife of Walter Cook, a daughter.
FISHER— In this city, January 26. IS9S. to the I
wife of George Fisher of Aberdeen, Wash., j
a son. »
FREEMAN— San Jose. January 21. IS9S, to j
the wife of William J. Freeman, a daughter. :
FRANCIS— At Stngley Station. January 16. j
IS9S, to the wife of F. L. Francis, a daugh- '
ter.
HAMILTON— In this city. January 23. IS9S, to
the wife of Joseph S. Hamilton, a son.
LA SKY— In this city, January 25, IS9B. to the
wife of M. C. Laskey, a son.
PROSCHOLD— January 7, tat, to the wife of
Edwin M. Proschold. a son.
PRESTON— On Arcata Bottom. January 13,
I*9S, to the wife of William Preston, a daugh-
ter.
SITTENFIELD— January 21, IS9B. to the wife
of Max Slttenfleld. a son.
MARRIED.
HOWARD— In Juneau, Alaska. January
3. MM, by the Rev. J. H. Condi t. Frank E. |
Howard and Jessie M. Rose.
PEARSALL— WILSON— In Eureka. January
1«. I*9B. by the Rev. Griffith Griffiths. Clar- I
ence K. Pearsall and H. May Wilson.
STROBRIDGE— In Eureka. January I
15, IS»S. by C. E. Baldwin, Justice of the i
Peace, Andy L. Strobrldge and Lena A
Renner. . .   _:.. ^
THURMAN— KING— this city, January 27
MM, John William Thurman and Mary Irene ''
King, .th of San Francisco. .. . ,
DIED.
Adams. Charles • . ■ ■ Lausten, Laust C.
Ailard. Richard Murphy. Nellie
Badlam. Alex McDonnell. Mary
Cook, William H. ... Meyer. Herman H.
Costley, Mrs. E. .  Moyen. Adolph
Coombs, Stephen D. Maguire, John
Culverwell, Joseph Macdonald. ICate '
Doughty, Mrs. Mary New land, T. J.
Gardiner, Baldwin Petri, Bettie
Graham, Robert - i Phillips, Nathan
Graham. Margaret I'ohlker. John 11.
Helncke, Edward . Stuart. Charles
Hamilton, Raymond Stephani. William O.
Harrocks, George , Shallo. Rev. M. G.
Haub. Ida ■ ■ Thompson. Viola C.
Hill. Joseph ■ Vlzena. Ettie A.
Hranuelll. Mrs. Julia yon Soosten. Claua
Hurley, Hazel ' Warren, Jackson
■ Knudson. Chris Weatherrall, Samuel
Leary. Klien ■ ■ Zlrms. Johanna
ADAMS— In this city. January 27. IS9S, Charles
beloved husband of -Elizabeth Adams, father
of Rebecca, Carrie. May and Quincey Adfms
and brother of John G. Adams, a native of
County Darrey. -Ireland, aged 53 years and 7
months.
ALLARD— At Freshwater, January - 14, MM
Richard Ailard. a native of ».ew Hampshire, "
. aged 68 years 6 months and 13 days.
BADLAM— In this city. January 26. , 1898. Alex
Badlam. beloved husband of Mary Badlam.
and father of Alexander T. and Edgar B. Bad-
lam and Mrs. Frank Bradford, a native, of
Klrtlan, - Ohio, aged 62' years 4 months and
10 days. ■ -
.ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at i
o'clock, from his late residence. 1024 Franklin
street. Interment private. Kindly omit flow-
ers. , V
COOK— In this city, at Ocean View, January
27. IS3S. 'William H.. beloved husband of
Nancy B. Cook, and father of Mrs. George
R. Moore and Police Sergeant J. B. Cook.
a native of Maryland, aged 76 ears 7 months
and 12 days. • *
COSTLEY— In Bast San Jose, January 24, 1593,
Mrs. .Elizabeth Caetley. n native of Nova
Peotia. aged S3 years ancJ 12 days,
COOMBS— In this city. January 27. IS9S.
Stephen D.. beloved husband of E. J. Coombs
and father of Madeline Coon-.bs, a native of
St. Anns, Jamaica, aged Cl years.
CULVERWELL— In this city. January 27. 1838,
Joseph, beloved husband of Emma C. Cul-
verwell, and father of Joseph. S. E., George,
Mortimer and Sidney Culverwell. a native of
Washington, aged u9 years 10 months and 7
days.
DOUGHTY— San Jose. January 24. IS9S. Mrs.
Mary Doughty, a native of Maryland.
GRAHAM— In Eureka,- January 15, 1898. Rob-
ert Graham, a native of Canada, aged 23
years.
GARDINER— In this city. January 26. IS9B.
Baldwin, beloved husband of Ella Shelly
Gardiner, and father of Baldwin Jr. and Ev-
erett Ward Gardiner, a native of New York.
City, aged 59 years 5 months and 4 days.
iryFriends are respectfully .nvJteO to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from Odd Fellows' Hall, .Market and
Seventh streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, I. O. O. P. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
C? Funeral by San Francisco Lodge No. 3.
I. O. O. F., from Covenant Hall Odd Fel-
lows' building, to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock. Members please attend.
F. A. .JENNINGS. N. G.
GRAHAM— in this city. January 27. 1898, Mar-
garet G., beloved daughter, of James and.
Lillie Graham, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 days.
HEINCKE— In this city, January 25. 1898, Ed-
ward Hetncke, a native of Mecklenburg, Ger«
many, aged 7." years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend toe funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence to 510 Bush street, where the services
will be held under the auspices of California .
Stamm No. 70, V. O. R. M., commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city. January 27. (898,
Raymond J., infant son of Joseph B. and
Jennie Hamilton.
HARROCKS— In this city, January 27, 1898.
George Harrocks, a native of Louisiana, aged
66 years. -
HAUB— In Stockton. January 27, IS9B, Ida, be-
loved wife of Qecrge Ilaub. a native of
Stockton, aged 2S years.
HILL— this city. January 26. IS3S. Joseph:
Hill, a native of Louisiana, aired S8 years.
HRANUELLI— In Postlre, Dalmatla. Brazza.
Austria. January 4, 1898, Mrs. Julia Hranu-
elli. mother of Mrs. Svainaz Smith and Jerry
and Valeric Hranue'.ll of San Francisco, aged
7> years. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
HURLEY— In this city. January 26. 1898, Ha-
zpl, dearly beloved daughter of James and
Nellie Hurley, a native of San Francisco,
aged I months. ■
KNUDSON— In Eureka, January 17. IS!>S, Chris
Knudson. a native ..I Norway, aged 66 years.
LEAHY— In Bants Clara, January 26, iv .
Ellen, beloved wife of Daniel Leary, • and
aunt of John White, a native of Rosscar-
b^rry County Cork, Ireland, aged S4 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, I El wood street, off O'Farrell, near.
Mason, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, whera
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose at her soul, commencing at. 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LAUSTEN— In Oakland, January 27. 1898. Laust
C., beloved husband of Hannah M. Lausten.
and father of H. F.. P. B-, B. P., H. M. and
C M. l.au."t«n. a native of Denmark, aged
61 years 5 months and 4 days. A member .of
Danish Society Dania of Oakland. . .
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 30. at 2 o'clock, from his late re. i-
dence, 1727 Myrtle street, near Tiv/Uy-
fourth, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, January 26. ISPS, Nel-
lie, beloved daughter of the late Timothy and
Bridget Murphy, and beloved sister of Mrs.
James Roach, the late John Murphy and Mrs.
P. McKenna, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years and 3 months.
C7Frlend<« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tn attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her" sister, Mrs. James Roach, 24 Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCDONNELL — An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
the soul of the late Mary McDonnell, be-
loved, wife of John McDonnell, at St. Fran-
cis Church, Mission Dolores, to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at I o'clock. Friends and acquain-
tances are respectfully Invited to attend.
MEYER— Tn this city. January 27. 1898, Her-
man H.. beloved husband of Margaretna
Meyer, and son of 11. H. and M. Meyer of
Sacramento. Cal.. a native of Leer, Ostfries-
land, Hanover, Germany, aged 33 years. *
MOYEN— In the City and County Hospital,
January 27. ISM. Adolph Moyen, a native of
Germany, aged S3 years.
MAGUIRE— In this city. January 2.", 1898, John,
dearly beloved son of James and Hannah
Maguire, and brother of Mamie. James
Frank, Nonie. Annie and r Celia, Mrs. E.
Sheridan and Mrs. J. Mellon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years and 5 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2538 Folsom street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MACDONALD— In this city, January 27, 1898,
of pneumonia. Kate Macdonald, a native of
Albany, N. Y. (Albany, N. V., papers" please
copy.)
C?-Private funeral services will be held
at 1 o'clock to-morrow (Saturday), at her
late residence, 3746 Twentieth street.
NEWLAND— In Eureka, January 16. 1 9 38. T.
J. Newland, a native of Wisconsin, aged 71
years. t '
PETRI— In this city. January 26. 1898, Bettie.
wife of Arnold Petri, a native of Bremen,
Germany, aged 46 years and 9 months.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock; from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr &- Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, January 27, 1898, Na-
than Phillips, a native of California, aged,
28- years 4 months and 23 days.
POHLKER— this city. January 27, 1893, John
H., beloved husband of Minnie Pohlker. and
father of Louise Pohlker, a native of West-
phalia. Germany, aged 76 years 2 months and
11 days.
STUART— this city. January 24. IS9B,
Charles Stuart, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 69 years.
(CyFrirnds and acquair.'-nrf-s are respect-
fully Invited to attend l!<e fvneral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, fror-i the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SHALLO— In Santa Clara College. January 27.
IS3B, the Rev. Michael G. Shallo, S. J.. aged
44 years. , .
ICTFuneral to-morrow (Saturday), from St.
Claire's Church, Santa Clara, at 10:30 o'clock.
STEPHANI— In this city. William G.. son of
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stephani, and brother of
Valentine, Antone and Louisa Stephani,
Augusta Rodpers, Mrs. Joseph Imwall and
Mrs. Charles Rlverman of Santa Rosa, aged
24 years and 5 months.
THOMPSON-'ln this city, January 20, 1898.
at the residence. Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets," Viola : C, beloved wife of the late
Gideon Thompson, a native of Indiana. '
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church. Fifteenth street, near Va-
lencia. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
VEZENA— In this city. January 27, 1898, Ettie
A., beloved wife of J. M. Vezena. a native
of New York, aged 51 years 5 months and 10
days.
VOX SOOSTEN— In this city. January 27, IS9B,
Claus. dearly beloved husband of Anna -yon
Soosten, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
73 years 2 months and 7. days.
WARREN— In this city, January 26, IS9B, Jack-
eon Warren, a native of Baltimore, Md., aged
71 years. . - .-: .v-
WEATHERRALL— In this city. January 24.
" IS9B. Samuel Weatherrall. a native of Ire-
land, aged 67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from th" parlors of
■ H. F. Suhr & C 0., -1203 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill j Cemetery.
ZlNNS— 'this city, January 27. ISSS. at . her
residence, 1132 Fell street. Johanna, beloved
wife of Christian Zlnns. . a - native: of Saar-
luls, Francve. (Buffalo, N. V., papers please-
copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place Sunday,
January 30. at '.' o'clock, from Sacred Heart
Chnrch. ' Interment private. . • '. -■■
I — !■ ■»■ ■! H»I1 I I lI—BIII
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, < I
FUNERAL DIBECTOKS & KMRALMEK3 I
20 TIITH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. |
--- Telephone. South SO. nii,..-^— ..^—
111. ii. m'avoy. iianag-er. g
' /v\o/\\/oy A CO., a
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. - a
■<■■ Telephone. South 247^-^ - ■
F. L GUNTZ. H/ W. GANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors & Embalmens.
.8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.'
j Telephone South 432.
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES.
' PERPETUAL CARE. ■
LAUREL HILL
| CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
Junction of Ousb Street and Cerjtral
Avenue,' Sao Francisco. -
i i
1112
FEATS OF STRENGTH & SKILL & BLOSSOMS FOR THE JUBILEE
ONE of the most creditable of the
series of Golden Jubilee attrac
tions of this Jubilee week was
the gymnastic exhibition given
at Woodward's Pavilion last
night by the combined Turner so
cietles of San Francisco and Oakland.
The programme was one which appeal
ed strongly to the taste of all who
admire manly strength and feats of
skill, and it was greatly enjoyed by a
large crowd of spectators. The even
ing's exercises were opened by th^ en
tree of fifty members of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein, who were given an
ovation as they marched with stately
tread around the main floor.
Dr. Max Magnus made a stirring ad
dress of welcome in the German tongue,
in which he highly eulogized the Tur
ners for their encouragement of manly
development and their loyalty as citi
zens and the Germans in general for
their noble contribution to the material
interests of the commonwealth.
The dumb-bell drill, by thirty mem
bers of the San Francisco Turn Verein,
was a revelation in fancy calisthen
ics. The figures were the creation of
Professor Barth, instructor of physical
culture of this organization, and they
were executed to perfection, winning
great applause.
The parallel bar exercise, by eight
members of the Mission Turn Verein,
included many difficult feats, all per
fc-rmed in faultless style, several of the
performers showing grace and agility
BRIGHT FLOWERS AND PRETTY GIRLS TAKE POSSESSION OF UNION SQUARE PARK.
PIONEER BELLS
WILL CHIME
Mining Fair to Open When Mc-
Kinley Presses the
Button.
Fire Whistles and Clanging Balls
Will Announce the Opening
Ceremony.
Arrangements for the opening night
of the Mining Fair are progressing with
marvelous rapidity. Invitations have
been extended to gome 10,000 people to
assist in the celebration, and they will
represent every interest concerned.
Marshall's four companions, who are at
present in the city, have been special
ly invited by the management, in addi
tion to Governor John Bidwell of Chico.
They will be given the seats of honor
on the grand stand. In addition to
these, Governor Budd, Lieutenant-
seldom found outside the professional
ranks.
Some very thrilling exhibitions in
fencing were given — with foils, by
Messrs. Stefflns and Stahl of the Ein
tracht Turn Section: with rapiers, by
Messrs. Mueller and Rosenberg of the
San Francisco Turn Verein, and with
bayonets, by Messrs. Hetzel and Hoff
man <>f the Deutscher Krieger Verein,
all of wham showed themselves highly
proficient in the use of weapons used.
Very creditable work was done on the
horizontal bar by a mixed -class of
eight men from the different clubs.
What was considered by many spec
tators the star event of the evening
was the heavy-weight wrestling match
between G. Hild-brand of the Ban
Francisco Turn Vereiii, amateur cham
pion of the Pacific Coast, and J. Will
of the Oakland Turn Verein, Turner
champion of the same territory. A
very exciting bout, catch-as-natch-can,
lasting seventeen minutes, was won by
Hildebrand, with an arm-and-^r.nch
hold. This was followed by a middle
weight bout by H. Haustein ami Wil
liam Oescble of the Eintracht Turners,
which was won by the former in two
minutes.
Vaulting on the horse, by a mixed
class of eight men, showed some very
pretty work at lightning speed.
The running high jump, by another
mixed class of eight, excited great en
thusiasm among the onlookers, and
drew forth many a cheer for the agile
Governor Jeter and all the State offi
cials, who have signified their intention
of being present, will make a galaxy
seldom seen in San Francisco in a fair
of this kind.
Mayor Phelan is endeavoring to se
cure the assistance of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department to have a signal
sounded from every engine house in
the oity at 8 o'clock on Saturday night,
immediately following the ringing of
the Jubilee bell by President McKin
ley, who will push a button in the
White House which will start the fair.
When this announcement by the fire
bells and fire whistles is made it is
expected that every whistle and bell
in San Francisco will sound the news
that the first Mining Exposition ever
held in the State of California has been
opened.
A parade will immediately precede
the opening exercises. This will start
from a point in the neighborhood of
the Mechanics' Pavilion, and will pro
ceed through the principal streets of
the city, not lower than Sixth street.
There will be the addresses of wel
come and exchanges of greetings be
tween President McKinley and Mayor
Phelan, the youngest and only Native
Son Mayor of San Francisco.
Stop that cough with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1898.
leapers. The high men were rCrauso
and Snow of thi? San Francisco Turn
Verein, who cleared the bar at 5 feer 11
inches. This is only half an inch be
low the Pacific Coast championship
record.
The pyramids by members of the
Eintracht Turn Section were admira
bly executed and loudly applauded.
The evening's entertainment conclud
ed with a various gymnastic exhibi
tion by members of the different clubs,
and each feature was excellent of kind.
All in all, it was a great night for the
Turners, and in this event they fully
sustained their enviable reputation in
matters of this kind.
BRIGHT WITH BLOSSOMS.
The Floral Festival in Union
Square a Scene of Rare
Loveliness.
T'nion square presented a g&la scene
yesterday and last night. The occa
sion was the opening of the floral mar
ket, and It may be said that this event
of the Jubilee programme was attended
with the most gratifying success. The
ladies of the State Floral Society and
the members of the California Club
have a right to feel satisfied with the
result of their efforts, for they have
contributed their just proportion to the
success of the Jubilee.
Union square in its transformed
state presented a scene of rare loveli
ness. From the tall flag pole in the
enter to the corner of the square
drooped a long line of waving flags,
while in smaller lines were suspended
loop* of beautiful Japanese lanterns,
and these were lighted at night by in
candescent bulbs. The effect of the
variegated lights produced an exquisite
harmony of colors. The large tent, in
which the market was held, represented
the acme of floral decoration. Miss
Mary Bates, to whom had heen intrust
ed its beautifying, had hidden its ex
ANOTHER GOOD
SYMPHONY CONCERT
No Novelty to Speak Of, but
Familiar Modern Works
Well Played.
James Hamilton Howe's Annotated
Programme Causes Considera
ble Confusion.
The programme of yesterday's sym
phony concert at the Ttvoli was made
up of familiar modern works, the one
novelty and exception being "A He
brew Melody' arranged as an orches
tral piece by Robert Franz. It Is a
strong but rather mournful tune, and
the'only attempt at relieving a mo
notony that is even emphasized by the
denseness of the score is the introduc
tion of jingling bells In the repetitions;
this, no doubt, is Intended as a bit of
local description— the text of the orig
inal song, I believe, deals with "the
terlnr beneath a wealth of redwood
boughs, ferns and palms, producing a
novel arboreal design.
The f xhiblts upon the interior of the
tent, from an artistic point of view, pre
sented a rare and entrancing sight. The
exhibitors were: Samuel C. Hammond,
exhibit of various cacti; Frank Peli-
OUM & Co., cut flowers, gorgeous Amer
ican Beauties in a natural vase of flow
effl a>.«l iwi' irnm-nso Kmi:i:i B-'Unore
ana palms Custave Gague. exhibit of
primroses and palms; Charles Ab a
ham, exhibit of house palms and a
huge Platycenum Granda fern; John
Pouyal, palms and flowering shrubs;
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Association,
beautiful exhibit of cinerarias; Wo
man's Exchange, forest wild flowers,
and the McLellan Company, flowers in
blossom and shrubbery. There was
■iSO an exhibit from the park, while
beautiful cut (lowers had been contri
buted by General Shatter, Mrs. Alvlnza
Hayward, Ross Valley. Haywanls and
San Quentin. Mrs. Alpheus Bull also
sent from San Mateo a lot of bamboo
cuttings.
When the doors <-f the tent were
opened at 1 o'clock there was a great
rush of visitors to see the exhibit. The
crush at flm was awful, and not a few
of the plants were Injured. Later in
the evening and at night society, en
masse, came to see an.i comment, and
there was nothing but praise for the
Exhibition. The event was still fur
ther enlivened by the Calaveras County
Band of Miners, who kept the excite
ment keyed up and the pulses quick
ened by the lively ami martial strains
that they rendered. Borne of the vis
itors gathered around upon the trr«---ti
sward and chatted merriiy, while oth
ers patronized the candy booth, the
tamale tent, the trained birds and the
Punch and Judy show.
The market will continue to-day and
to-night and all of to-morrow and to
morrow night. The Native Sons" Band,
under the leadership of Director Bar
ton, Colonel Sullivan's Band, and the
band of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum
will play to-day and to-morrow. The
Calaveras County Band will also play
again during the continuation of the
market.
bewailing of the mourners in the streets
of Babel." and the tempo suggests a
slow procession — but it seems to me to
be a flippant and trivial device, as un
convincing as any of the hardware ef
fects employed by Salvation Army
band-nasters.
The others of the smaller pieces were
Goldmark's overture, "In Springtime,"
and a portion of Delibes' ballet. "Cop
pelia"; the symphony was Dvorak's
"From the New World," which we have
heard twice before, once from Mr.
Scheel and once from Mr. Hinrichs.
Bar the absence of that secure pian
issimo, which mure than anything else
is lacking in Mr. Scheel's band, every
thing was played with fluency and Ju
dicious enthusiasm. 1 heard both of
the former performances of the Dvorak
symphony, and am willing to trust my
memory so far as to say that this one
was the best. For once the slow move
ment was just slow enough, the Eng
lish horn wns wonderfully in tune and
the tremendous finish was played with
unwavering power and the right chop
py emphasis.
As usual, the comic relief was fur
nished by James Hamilton Howe and
the audience. Copious annotations of
the overture and symphony were
printed in the programme (they have
been published several times In every
newspaper in the town), but there was
not the slightest clew to the history or
There will be four prizes awarded to
the different exhibitors in the respect
ive order of the excellence of their dis
play. It was the general, and indeed
the universal, opinion of those who vis
ited the floral snow yesterday that it
eclipsed anything of Its kind ever seen
in this city at this season of the year.
CUT OUT SOME FEATURES.
The Humane Society Curtailed
the Wilc^West Perform-
ance.
The Wild "West Show was a great at
traction to yesterday's Jubilee merry
makers. Central Park, where the per
formance took place, was crowded, but
the show was somewhat of a disap
pointment. It was announced that the
cowboys and vaqueros would show
their skill in roping and handling wild
steers and riding bucking broncos. The
performers were ready to carry out
their part of the show, but early in the
afternoon the officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
cautioned the managers of the per
formance that should the cowboys and
vaqueros use spurs on the horses they
rode or strike them except with the
open palm of their hands the show
would be stopped. On no consideration
would they allow the steers to be
roped and thrown. In vain the cow
boys protested that they would not hurt
the animals or cause them pain, but
th-- officers were obdurate, and the
main feature of the show had to be
removed from the programme. Later
in tho afternoon Mayor i'h»lan made
an appeal to the officers of the Society
for the Prevention trf Cruelty to Ani
mals, and a permit was iriv-m to run
the programme of the show in its en
tirety. When it was given, however, it
v. as too late to include the features in
yesterday's performance. Th>? cowboys
say they will have half a dozen of the
wildest kind of steers at the park to-
day.
Then again the bucking broncos re
significance of the Hebrew tune, and
the various movements of every piece
on the programme were omitted.
So an audience, two-thirds of which —
to re-use an expression of my own —
does not know Schumann from Sousa
without a guide book, applauded Scheel
for. his very Rood playing of the "Fes
tival Dance and Waltz" of the ballet
suite, and. upon his repeating the
movement. promptly turned to a new
page in the programme and settled
down to deep appreciation of the sym
phony. Of course the symphony came
in time, but more than half the per
sons present were quite convinced that
the second movement of the ballet,
"the dance of the automatons," was
the ' first of the symphony. It is
humbly submitted, as Herr' Bosworth
would say, whether Mr. Howe would
better number his , programme and
have corresponding numbers exhibited
on the stage at proper intervals or
make a speech every time the band
comes to a full stop.
ASHTON STEVENS.
A Song Recltai.
"Willis E. Bacheiler will giv* a song ro
cital this afternoon at his home, 1417
Clay street. The affair will be strictly
Invitational. The programme will con
sist chiefly of works by Boßton composers
and an enjoyable time is looked forward
to by those fortunate enouxh to have re
celved an invitation. re
fused to buck, and the wild, untamed
steed that was to be harnessed and
driven to a breaking cart went to sleep
when the harness was being put on him
and he trotted around the grounds with
all the animation and spirit of a faith
ful and trusted street-car horse after
he was hitched up. The feats of lasso
ing by the vaqueros and the fancy rid
ing of the cowboys were particularly
good, and the performers won much
applause from the spectators. In these
feats, George Slankard, the head va
quero of Miller & Lux's ranges; Wil
liam Wilson, James Roach, William
Childs. Frank Rojaa and Frank Steves
showed exceptional skill.
The stage hold-up, the capture of one
of the bandits and his rescue by his
sweetheart, and the pony express were
exciting features of the show.
THE REVIEW TO-DAY.
United States Troops to Enter
tain the Public at the
Presidio.
The review of the United States troops
at the Presidio at 2 o'clock this after
noon promises to be one of the most
interesting events of Jubilee week. The
exhibition is to be divided into four
parts, the first of which will consist of
a review of the three divisions of the
service- -the infantry, the cavalry and
the artillery.
Following the review will be an illus
__^ NEW TO-DAY.
SPECIAL
NOTICE
TO
MINERS
AND THOSE OUTFITTING
FOR THE
KLONDIKE!
The Columbian Woolen Mills
have now on exhibition the
most practical and complete
outfits 'or the Yukon and
Northern O id Held* :— blankets
— underwear — specially made
overwear — and every article
guaranteed.
■
AH w^ol garments — made for
this particular purpose — mean
satisfaction because wearing
well and protecting your health!
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.)
718-722 MARKET ST.
ARNOLD
tration of an attack made by a battal
ion of infantry. Such a maneuver
should not be misconstrued and sup
posed to be a sham battle, since the
defense is merely imaginary and is
represented by a line of hurdles and
signal flags. Evolutions of such a na
ture usually take place on a piece of
ground 1500 yards in length, but sinca
the available space at the Presidio is
but 500 yards in length the movement
will be divided into three phases. At
the end of each phase the battalion
will march back to its starting point
and will begin the next phase as if the
movement had been continuous. Spec
tators must not be misled into believ
ing that this necessary marching back
of the battalion forms a part of tha
system of attack. The third and last
phase will conclude with a rapid fire
and a final charge, a rallying of the
troops after the assault, and the firing
of a volley on the imaginary enemy,
supposed to be in full retreat.
The third part of the exhibition will
ci insist if a drill of the light batteries
of the Third Artillery. The men will
more at a rapid gait, illustrating the
different methods of firing while in ac
tion.
The final part will consist of a drill
by the four troops of cavalry, illustrat
ing the manner of training the men
and horses and of handling cavalry in
action.
The programme will last about two
hours. No admission fee will be charg
ed to the grounds.