VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 83.
TREACHERY OF SPANIARDS
MAY SOON BE AVENGED
FILLED WITH
SUBMARINE
EXPLOSIVES
Havana Harbor Planted
by Weyler With Tor
pedoes and Mines.
■
One of the Butcher's Officers Told
of Arrangements to Blow Up
Any Hostile Warship That
Might Dare Enter.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 20.— 1 have
learned from the highest author
ity that no matter what may
have been the cause of the ter
rible catastrophe to the Maine,
the harbor of Havana is and has
been for a long time filled with
submarine mines and torpedoes.
While this fact has been sus
pected, but few army and navy
officers have any definite idea of
the location or number of these
mines. Before the present in
surrection broke out visitors to
fortifications, now closed to all
excepting the army, were in
formed that a most effective sys
tem of mines had been planted.
a*v; • that they could ' be exploded
by means of electric connections .
from stations on shore. At the
outbreak of the war the greatest
secrecy was imposed upon those
having these mines under their
supervision, and their presence
was forgotten by the public in
general. ;. £;,>:.' .
"When it was rumored that a United
States war vessel would be stationed
in the harbor, the attention of one of
General Weyler's aid-de-camps was
called to the fact that all of the large
shore batteries guarding the entrance
to the harbor could only be directed
against an enemy in open sea, and that
1f a warship succeeded in running past
the forts and entering the harbor, the
entire city would be at its mercy.
The officer replied that the en
View of the city and harbor of Havana from the Regla side, with a section of the water at buoy No. 4, where the Maine was lying,
showing the arrangement of the system of submarine mines and torpedoes with which the harbor is known to be planted. The dotted line
in the channel shows the cable running to Morro Castle at the entrance to the harbor, from which the whole system is operated. It is readily
possible to detach any desired mine from the main cable and by a new connection explode the mine from any point on the shore,
or from a. boat in the bgy,
The San Francisco Call
gineers entrusted with the most
recent fortifications of the harbor
had fully considered this question
and had arranged that if a vessel
ever did enter the harbor she
should be blown up at once This
explains the seemingly unprotect
ed condition of the bay and har
bor.
I am satisfied that my Information is
correct. All the information about these
mines was so carefully guarded that
Lieutenant Jenkins, the ill-fated intelli
gence officer of the Maine, was really
uncertain as to their presence, and so
expressed himself to several friends in
Havana.
There is no disposition here to Jump
at conclusions, and even those who hold
the opinion that the Maine was blown
up by a mine do not believe the au
thorities were a party in the most re
mote way to the diabolical act. They
do believe, however, that if their worst
fears prove true, it will be found to be
the work of a fanatical Weylerite, who
has two purposes in view: First, to
strike a blow at the United States; sec
ond, to embarrass General Blanco.
Many of those who formerly held the
secrets of the submarine mines were
strong partisans of Weyler.
They were the ones who recently or
j ganized disturbances In Havana
i against the present Government, and
; who are now secretly circulating: small
transparent cards upon which is printed
I a portrait of Weyler, and when held to
the light show a picture of Don Carlos.
They are not only traitors to their king,
HOW THE MAINE MAY HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
SENSATIONAL REPORT
MADE BY DIVERS
Partial Examination of the Maine's
Magazine Said to Reveal the Fact
That the One Supposed to
Have Exploded Is Intact.
KEY WEST, Fla, Feb. 20.-— I learn from what may be considered a semi
official source that the divers sent down on behalf of the United States to examine
the wreck of the battleship Maine have made a preliminary report of the result of
their work. Incredible as it may seem i am assured that after a partial examina
tion of the magazines of the Maine the divers report that the one in which the ex
plosion is supposed to have occurred is intact.
According to my informant, the contents of this magazine are unharmed.
Therefore, if this report be true, an entirely different aspect is given to the terrific
explosion which brought death and destruction to the Maine. This report reaching
Key West, it is said, caused members of the court of inquiry to decide to proceed to
Havana to-day and begin the investigation at once instead of organizing the court
here.
but bent upon any kind of mischief that
will overthrow the existing Government
and restore Weyler to power.
Of course, there are all sorts of
rumors in Havana about what Spain
would do in case of war with the United
States, all based upon the vaporings of
rabid Weylerism. One is that Mexico
would be a willing ally of Spain so far
as to permit the landing in that coun
try of a Spanish army to invade the
United States. Many of the lower class
of Mexicans in this ciiy are avowed
enemies of the United States and open
ly boast of their country's sympathy
for the Spanish cause. Another wild
scheme has been put in pamphlet form
and extensively circulated. It draws a
vivid picture of the Spanish army in
the interior of Cuba resisting every as
sault by the United States. It admits
that the Spanish navy might be de-
stroyed, but contends that the Spanish
army could hold the island indefinitely.
Just what the insurgents would be do
ing all this time is not related.
Brazil Expresses Sympathy.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Feb. 20.— A cable
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
from the Herald's correspondent in Rio
Janeiro says: The Brazilian Govern
ment has forwarded a message to
Washington expressing its sympathy
with the United Statea in the loss of
the Maine and its crew In Havana har
bor.
CIPHER AND CODE OF
THE MAINE RECOVERED.
Divers Make a Thorough Examina-
tion of Captain Sigsbee's
Cabin.
Copyrighted, 18SS, by Jamc! Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. Feb. 20.— The divers to
day confined their explorations to the
captain's cabin and have recovered
important Bhlp's papers, among them.
It Is believed, the cipher and code
which Captain Sigsbee was anxious to
secure. It is said they have not ex
amined any other part of the ship. No
bodies were recovered this afternoon.
Captain Slgsbee, with the other offi
cers of the Maine, went aboard the
wreck to-day and made investiga
tions to enable them to report to the
board of inquiry. There has been
considerable correspondence between
Consul General Lee and the palace,
but General Lee denies that any
further friction or obstacles are placed
in the way of investigation.
Attempts are being made here in
certain quarters to excite public feel
ing, and the reports sent to some
American papers to the effect that
the Maine was purposely blown up
are doing a great deal of harm and are
much deplored by Captain Slgsbee and
his officers and the Spanish Govern
ment authorities. If the explosion on
the Maine, they say, was not acciden
tal, it is time enough to say so when
the truth is made known through the
reports of expert officials. This is the
feeling of the better foreign element
here. It is due to these sensational
reports that the Soanish authorities
Insist on taking part in the investiga
tions below water.
In the meantime the wounded men
are receiving every attention. Chap
lain Chadwick of the Maine told me
to-night that the men safd if they
died of any complaint it would be
from gout caused by generous treat
ment In the hospitals.
PERKINS NOW
THINKS WAR
IS CERTAIN
Believes That a Spaniard
Blew Up the Ship
Maine.
Even Conservative Naval Officers
Say That the Explosion Was
Caused by a Mine or a
Torpedo.
Call Office, RiFgs House,
Washington, D. C. Feb. 20.
The President himself has given an
assurance to a United States Senator
that. the Maine disaster was in no way
responsible for the activity in the War
and Navy departments. This was said
by the President this morning.
Three weeks ago a newspaper man
who was on very friendly terms with
the President returned from Cuba,
and President McKinley, knowing him
to be a very reliable and conservative
correspondent, invited him to the
White House and questioned him
closely about the condition of affairs
In Cuba. The interview was closed by
the following remark of the President:
"Well, we do not want war and will
hot have any war."
President McKinley, Secretary of the
Navy Long, and indeed every member
of the Cabinet, is inclined to the belief
that the Maine's explosion was acci
dental. When Secretary Long read in
a morning paper an alleged interview
with Captain Sigsbee, cabled from Ha
vana, stating that in his opinion the
explosion was not accidental, Secre
tary Long immediately wired him ask
ing whether he had been correctly
quoted. Secretary Long to-night re
ceived an answe*r from Captain Sigs
bee saying that he had expressed no
opinion as to the cause of the disaster.
Secretary Long to-night repeated his
declaration made yesterday that there
was no unusual activity in naval cir
cles as a result of this affair.
It seems to be pretty generally be
lieved In Washington that the work of
coast fortification has not been hurried
as a result of the disaster to the Maine,
but there is scarcely a doubt that
the preparations to defend the sea
coasts were begun five or six months
ago in contemplation of possible trouble
with Spain over Cuba.
The theory that a submarine mine
destroyed the Maine Is growing in na
val circles. They say there is no doubt
in the world that submarine mines and
torpedoes had been planted numerous
ly in the harbor, and they argue that
very naturally the Spaniards would
have planted them in that part of the
harbor where the water is deep enough
for naval vessels, and which is known
as "man-of-war anchor." Not many
of the officers incline to the belief that
the Spanish Government ordered the
firing of such a mine or torpedo under
the Maine, or that General Blanco
sanctioned it. but that some Spaniard
who knew how the wires lay "touched
the button."
This seems to be the opinion of Sen
ator Perkins of California, He says
that as he is a mejnber of the Naval
Affairs Committee he cannot speak his
mind for publication as to the author of
the explosion, for he may be at any
time called upon to act in his official
capacity; he does not hesitate to ex
press his belief that the explosion was
not accidental, but does not like to be
quoted as declaring the opinion that
it was the work of a Spaniard.
The inference is plain, however, that
this is his opinion, and his friends say
that he expects the ultimate result will
be the commencement of hostilities be
tween the United States and Spain un
less something unforeseen occurs to
turn the tide of public sentiment now
setting in so strongly against Spain.
These views— said to be entertained by
Senator Perkins— may well be regard
ed as significant, for he is known as a
conservative man, and rarely, if ever,
expresses anything but conservative
views. __^_____________
EXCITEMENT IN HAVANA
HAS NOT YET ABATED.
Beport of the Coming of Another
Man -of -War Adds to the
High Tension.
CoDyrlffbt. 1898. b; James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 20.— The reports that
another man-of-war Is coming to
Havana are not calculated to quiet the
feeling here.
Efforts will be made to recover the
bodies of Lieutenants Jenkins and Mer
ritt, supposed to be in the wardroom of
the Maine, as soon as the diving lamp
arrives. Several more bodies have
floated to the surface, but they cannot
be identified. »
. C&Dtalo Sigsbea and the officers fit
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the Maine look upon the charges of
lack of discipline published here as too
foolish to reply to. I can state of my
own knowledge that the discipline on
the Maine has been most rigid since the
ship has been here.
At the time of the accident only one
paymaster, clerk and a doctor were
ashore.
CONDOLENCES FROM
THE VIZCAYA'S CAPTAIN.
Expresses Deep Sorrow Over the
Disaster to the American
Battle-Ship.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The Navy
Department to-night received the fol
lowing telegram from Captain Sigs
bee:
Following is the condition of our
wounded in Havana hospitals:
Apprentice Koebler. slight improvement,
condition still very grave.
Holzer, same.
Allen, slight improvement, condition
grave.
Heffron, Shea and Mattison, favorable.
Loftus, convalescent.
Cahill, improved, but grave.
Mack, Waters and Webber, favorable.
The report on the same subject from
Captain Forsythe at Key West says:
Maine survivors are in good condition
this morning. Surgeon reports wounded
doing well.
The following telegram was received
by Secretary Long from New York:
When I arrived at New York I heard
of the Maine disaster. We feel very deep
sorrow and send our condolences for the
dead and their families. EULATE,
Captain Spanish cruiser Vizcaya.
The published statement that Sena
tor Proctor of Vermont, who is now on
his way to Florida, was going to the
interior of Cuba, as a special agent of
President McKinley to report on the
conditions on the island, was denied
to-night at the White House. It was
said that Senator Proctor had not even
decided that he would go to Cuba; that
he might take a pleasure trip that far,
if he succeeded in finding some con
genial companion, but his visit, if
made, would be entirely on his own
responsibility.
The Machias, en route for the United
States from the Asiatic station, has
arrived at Madeira.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
|^^'A^>l|^gf^l|
A woman's greatest mission in this world
Is to help baby. Teaching baby, to eat, and
to walk and to talk. rightly constituted
woman finds in thei* her happiest employ-
ment. Too many. women miss this happi-
; ness because of: their own ignorance or neg-
lect. "■} No woman' should be ignorant of her
own physical make-up. No woman has the
right to neglect the health of those delicate
! organs of her body upon which depends the '
life and ' health and happiness of. her chil- :
dren. The . Mosaic , command to ;" increase
;■ and ° multiply" was Vno i idle, thoughtless
! edict. It -was : the command of Jehovah.
The woman who annuls it by neglect of her
womanly .health commits a 1 crime. ' ,i> ;
- The best medicine for women is Doctor.
1 Pierces ■ Favorite Prescription. plt makes a
• woman capable Jof performing her duty to
herself,' her husband, her children and man-
kind. jj It acts directly upon the organs dis-
I tinctly feminine and makes them strong and
', vigorous. It does away with, the discom-
j forts of the period . preceding motherhood.
:It ' makes ■ baby's ; advent easy ; and almost ;
painless. It cures all weakness and disease
of the distinctly ; feminine organism. -•;
In a family of parents and children there is
much care, many worries, numerous perplexities. t
But, if sickness comes, everything else is small
beside it. How valuable then is a doctor in the
, same block, or • an ; experienced - neighbor next J
door. ■ How much more comfortable Tor all con-
' cerned is a standard medical book on the table or
' the bookshelf. It is less expensive than the doc-
tor, probably more reliable than the experienced
'» neighbor. Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
j Adviser is the* best thing of this sort ever pub- ;
lished. r It contains 1,008 pages of plain talk, and
careful illustrations. Many of the picture* are
: colored and true to nature. Nearly 100 pages are
I devoted to the diseases of-; women. There are
' prescriptions for their cure at home." Send si one-
cent stamps, to cover the cart of mailing only,
': and get this book frbb in strong manilla cover. I
I Send 31 one-cent stamps and get it in beautiful, I
I substantial, doth binding. Address, World's Oi*-
p*B*ajTr Jttedis»A^»B?cjatioip, Buffido,^. Y. 5 .
. ■■ ■ . . = ■ >' - - -■■ ■.••-..-..-•.'*-. ,- .'■ ■ ' - ,-■•■■ .K-*-. K -*-- ■■ - ■ ■2
AMERICAN HONOR TO BE VINDICATED
PROMPTNESS
IN BEGINNING
INVESTIGATION
The Court of Inquiry Sails
to Havana on the
Mangrove.
Now No Time Will Be Lost in of=
ficially Determining the Cause
of the Disaster to
the Maine.
copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Feb. 20.— Bearing the Maine court of inquiry, the
lighthouse tender Mangrove left for Havana this evening. The officers
composing the court and who took passage on the Mangrove are: Cap
tain W. T. Sampson of the battleship lowa, Captain French E. Chad
wick of the flagship New York. Lieutenant-Commander Potter of the
New York and Lieutenant-Commander Adolph Marix. judge advocate
of the court.
Upon arrival in Havana the court will make a personal examina
tion of the wreck, and will then take testimony regarding the loss of
the vessel. When the Mangrove sailed it had not been decided where
the board would convene, but Admiral Sicard told me this evening
that it would probably meet either on board the Mangrove or the Fern,
the supply ship of the North Atlantic fleet, which is now at Havana.
The admiral added that the court would In all probability hold another
session in Key West before its final conclusions are reached.
Fifty-eight survivors of the Maine \re now here, including thirteen
officers. Their testimony will be added to that of the others. At the
present time the flagship New York and battleship lowa are lying off
Sand Key lighthouse, several miles distant from Key West. The tor
pedo boat Cushing brought Admiral Sicard and members of the court
ashore this afternoon. Directly after the officers constituting the court
had been embarked on the Mangrove that vessel got under way and
steamed out of port bound for Havana. Accompanied by Commander
Forsyth. the admiral visited the hospital where the injured of the
Maine are quartered. The Cushing took him back to his ship this
evening.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 20.
The naval court of inquiry appointed
to investigate the Maine disaster will
begin its work at Havana to-morrow.
The news comes to the Navy Depart
ment this morning from Admiral Si
card at Key West. He simply tele
graphed as follows:
"The court of inquiry sails for Ha
vana the 20th by the lighthouse steamer
Mangrove. Marix arrived to-day."
This prompt action is undoubtedly j
due to the express direction of Secre- i
tary Long, sent yesterday, to have the ;
investigation begin at the earliest pos- '
sible moment. The telegram was dated
yesterday, so the board arrived there !
before nightfall, and will be ready to |
begin its work to-morrow morning. By !
an error incident to the haste with j
which the orders were gotten out, the I
first account placed Lieutenant-Corn- j
mander Seaton Schroeder on the board '
as the third member, while, as a mat- j
ter of fact, Lieutenant-Commander i
Pollock, the executive officer of the
flagship New York, holds that place.
The board undoubtedly would have i
started previously but for the neces- i
sity of awaiting the arrival at Key ;
West from Washington of Lieutenant-
Commander Marix, a "naval officer well j
skilled in the intricacies of marine law, I
who was to be Judge advocate of the ;
court.
Captain Sigsbee was heard from late ]
last night, but the telegram was not j
delivered at the Navy Department un- ;
til this morning. His message goes to
confirm the press reports of the events
cf yesterday in Havana harbor so far
as they relate to the explosion of the :
wreck. It read as follows:
HAVANA, Feb. 19.— Only the most ex
perienced wrecking divers can do effec
tive work on the Maine. In the upper
works I can use service divers. Did some
work to-day, but with little success. Will
do better to-morrow. Parts of the Maine,
especially the superstructure and connec
tions, are one confused mass of metal.
Another brief telegram from Captain
Sigsbee read: "HAVANA. February
19. — Bache," which means that the
.coast survey steamer has arrived at
Havana, bringing on board all the div
ing appartus sent from the squadron.
The statement referring to experi
enced divers is explained at the Navy
Department as no reflection upon tho
men now engaged in the work, the;
being enlisted men belonging to the
navy. It is the practice on board of
men-of-war to assign a few men, al
ways volunteers, on account of the
hazardous nature of the work, to duty
as divers, in connection with their reg
ular work. The scope of their work is
the exploration of the ship's bottom
generally, the disentanglement of
cables from the propeller's shafts and
sometimes the search for a lost tor
pedo or anchor. Such work rarely car
ries them deeper than twenty-five feet
in the water, and it is said for opera
tions in deeper wajer, such as would be
Involved in examination of the Maine's
bottom, their training has not fitted
them. They are also lacking in that
kind of skill necessary to enable a diver
to grope his way safely through the
internal parts of a mighty ship like the
Maine, torn and dismembered as she
is, and this work is highly dangerous.
Creeping through iron-bound passages
and groping for the doors of the water
tight bulkheads which divide the hull
into compartments, on slimy floors and
In perfect darkness, requires the high
est expert skill, and that is why Cap
tain Sigsbee, with only his sailor divers
at command, has not been able to do
much so far toward unravelingthemys
tery of the Maine's untimely end. It
is to meet just this emergency that
the Navy Department is making every
effort to hasten the beginning of the
work of recovery of the goods and
perhaps the raising of the hull by pro
fessionals.
Tn that end Captain Lemley, the
Judge Advocate-General of the Depart
ment, was at work to-day in his office
with representatives of wrecking com
panies trying to draw up contracts for
the immediate prosecution of the work.
He has been at the task now two days,
and it has not been easy to dispose of.
This is owing to an apparent disposi
tion on the part of at least one of the
concerns to drive a hard bargain, leav
ing the department in the dark as to
the amount of money to be paid for
their services.
But it is believed the obstacles have
now been surmounted and the con
tracts can be signed to-morrow. It
is the purpose of Captain Lemley to
hurry this work, and to that end he
is arranging to have two of the com
panies combine their forces. They will
be paid on the scale of day's work,
with a provision for a bonus if they
succeed in raising the vessel, thus in
suring the recovery of as much of the
valuable equipment as is possible,
should it not be practicable to float the
Maine again. Great difficulty is ex
pected In recovering the big 10-inch
turret guns, each worth $40,000, owing
not only to their own weight, fifty
tons apiece without carriages, but
to the enormous turrets enclosing
them with 100 tons of steel. It is doubt
ful if the tops of these turrets can be
removed, as was first supposed, by
cutting off the boltheads that fix them
to the sides, as these large bolts are
probably countersunk and the hoids
below the surface of the metal, while
the confined space within the turrets
wouid make it very difficult to ope
rate there on the inside ends under
water. It is hoped that it may be
feasible to raise the turrets >ntire
with the guns if lifting apparatus of
sufficient power can be applied.
The newspaper reproductions of pho
tographs taken of *the wreck were
studied with much interest by the
naval officers here to-day. Great sur
prise was expressed at the extent of
the wreck and the vast mass of steel
and iron heaped in the forward part
of the ship was a particular object
of attention. The experts who had
first ventured the theory* of a bursting
boiler as the cause of the destruction
claim to find strong reinforcements in
the pictures for that belief. The great
mass of metal appears to be thrown
up over the boiler space, and not over
the forward magazine, while the forc
ing apart of the forward body of the
hull, they say, might have been ac
complished by the enormous expansive
power of the high pressure steam car
ried in these boilers with their sheila
more than an inch thick. As to what
caused a boiler to explode; whether a
disguised bomb in the coal, low water
or faulty construction, they do not now
undertake to say.
Secretary Long said this afternoon
after looking over his telegraphic and
mail correspondence, that it con
tained nothing of importance beyond
the dispatches above given. The Sec
retary referred with satisfaction to the
dispatch stating that the court of in
quiry would assemble at Havana to
morrow. The plan has been for the
court to meet first at Key West and
after doing such work as was possible
there, to proceed to Havana. But Mr
Long thought it was desirable to have
the court proceed at once to Havana
where the inquiry could begin on the
actual scene of disaster, and where
personal inspection would aid In the
intelligent Judgment. On this account
the Secretary sent Orders yesterday for
the court to proceed direct to Havana
and the response of Admiral Sicard
is in accordance with these orders
ACTIVITY AT LIME
POINT FORTIFICATIONS.
Second Consignment of Ammuni
tion to Arrive in a Few
Days.
SAUSALITO. Feb. 20.— At the Lime
Point fortifications which form one of
the defenses to the harbor of San
Francisco there is a buzz of excitement
caused by the strict orders from head
quarters to double the guards at tie
.guns and exclude all visitors from the
fortifications. The great twelve and
tifteen inch guns which frown upon the
ocean are jealously guarded by armed
sentinels whose instructions are to
shoot. Besides the regular guards
the commander In charge has doubled
the patrol, and these blue-coated sol
i diers pace backward and forward all
day and night. Not the slightest pre
caution is being overlooked, and the
soldiers at the barracks say that all
this extra precaution is not without
significance.
Yesterday the magazines, which were
almost emyty were refilled, and extra
: guards put on to patrol the works.
The Marin County shore is commonly
called the Gibraltar of the Pacific Coast
I and the great importance of protect
i ing the fortifications at this point from
any possible mishap is clearly seen by
I the Government. It is said that a sec
: ond supply of ammunition will be re
ceived in a few days and stored in the
! magazines.
To Cure a Cold Irj One Day.
TaKe Laxative Bromo : Quln!n> Tablet*. All
£ni«rl>t» refund the money If It fall, to curt
Kc. The genuine ha. L. B. Q. on each taWtt
THE SAX FBAKCISCO (ALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
CAPTAIN W. T. SAMPSON.
Two of the Officers Who Will Officially Investigate the Maine Disaster.
A GLIMPSE AT
SPAIN'S NAVY
By No Means Insignifi
cant but Not in
Our 'Class.
Its Strength Lies in Its Arm
ored Cruisers, Torpedo
and Gunboats.
No Doubt Whatever of the Spanish
Marino's Bravery Afloat
or Ashore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Spain early attained a high reputa
tion for naval architecture and ship
building, and nearly a hundred years
before these subjects received attention
in France Spanish vessels were built
such scientific principles as existed
in those days. But, as Napoleon re
marked when he heard of the battle of
Trafalgar: "The Spaniards know how
to build ships, but they do not seem to
know how to keep them," and the
numerous wrecks and frequent cap
tures seemed to bear out Napoleon's
assertion. To-day Spain has by no
means an insignificant navy, but mere
numbers, even with names as long as a
"homeward-bound pendant," is no as
surance of its utility, especially when
coupled with lack of men properly
qualified to handle the ships.
Of the bravery of the Spaniard ashore
or afloat there is no duubt whatever,
but the battles on sea which are hence
forth to be fought are widely different
from those of 1780 to 1840. Naval tactics
have changed with the substitution of
steam for sail, and boarding with the
attendant hand-to-hand encounters will
be extremely rare, for the gun, ram
and torpedo will decide. Other quali
ties besides mere brutal courage and
indifference to death will be brought
into play, and cool-headedness iB not
one of the qualities found in the Span
ish people.
In the appended list of ships of the
navy of Spain all the armored vessels
but one, an old monitor, are enumer
ated. Of the other vessels four wooden
ones have been omitted as useless in
present naval warfare.
ARMORED SHIPS.
NAMES.
si!**
I-
Hi
I
F
j:
te uqueao
1 Cisnero
.1 Colm
clor Carlos V
Maria Teresa
i de Asturias
7,000 13,000 120
6,840 14.000 6 120
9.235 IS, 500 ! 2 20
7.0001 13.800 12 ! 30-25
9.900 8.000 17% IS\
7.000 15.000112 20
7,000 13,000 12 20
7,3051 : 3.708 6% 8.
.7,250 4.5001 SWIII
7.0001 15,000 12 20
6,:
:1a ....:..... .r.^.^i
a •'
In the above list only one, the Pe
layo, Is a battle-ship, which approxi
mates the lowa, Oregon, Massachusetts
and Indiana In the Amgrican navy. She
is in the hands of French contractors
receiving new boilers and nine 6.5-inch
quick firing guns to take the place o*
other lighter guns. The Pelayo car
ries also two 12*4-inch Nontorio rlttes
which are credited with being able to
penetrate 28 inches of iron at the muz
zle. The American guns of from 13
and 12 inches caliber will penetrate 31!*
and 35 inches respectively.
The Emperador Carlos V carries
only two 11-inch guns as armor smash
ers; and the six armored cruisers <f
the Vitcaya type carry two 11-inch,
ten 5.5 g. f. and two 2.7 g. f. guns. They
are splendid vessels and in protective
and offensive power superior to the
armored cruisers of our navy, the New
York and Brooklyn, which have only
3 and 4 Inch belts and carry six 8-inch
and twelve 4-inch r. f. in the New York
and eight 8-inch and twelve 5-inch r. f.
in the Brooklyn. One Spanish arm
ored cruiser of the Vizcaya class is
under construction, the others are com
pleted and should be ready for ser
vice. As for the Numancia, built in
1863, and the Vittoria, built in 1865,
while they can scarcely be classed with
modern armored vessels, might be
found useful as harbor defenders and
they also are being fitted out in
France with new machinery and mod
ern batteries.
Another armored cruiser of the Cris
tobal Colon type is building, and a bat
tle-ship of 11,000 tons was ordered last
year in England, but the completion
of these ships is still far off.
The Spanish navy Is greatly deficient
in cruisers similar to those In our
navy. Only five can be classed as such
when compared with our protected
cruisers, and the rest are what we
denominate gunboats. In guns and
protection they are inferior to Amer
ican cruisers of like tonnage, only two
ships, Alfonso XIII and Lepanto, each
carrying four 7.8-inch rifles, and the
other three cruisers only 6.2 inch, be
sides, of course, quick firing guns of
smaller caliber.
The gunboats ranging from 1180 to
1030 tons carry four 4.7-inch Honto
rio rifles; the smaller boats carry
two of these guns. None of these gun
boats are equal to the Torktown nor
the Annapolis class in our navy, and
even the Velasco, with its three 5.9-inch
Armstrong guns, would not be a match
for the smallest of American gunboats.
The following list shows the cruisers
so-called built since 1881 and assumed
to be efficient:
CRUISERS.
NAMES.
a
1
i
Alfonno XII
Alfonso XIII
t'onde de Venadito
•Don Antnnia de I'lloa
•Don Juan de Austria
Infanta Isabel
Isabel II
•Isla de Cuba
•Isla de Luzon
i,:
l,
l.:
l.
l.
i ll.i
I i!<
i 14
I 14
I 14
i 14
14
! is
! 16
i 20
15
I 18
I 11.5
17.5
17.5
14.3
Marquis de ia Ensenada"!!!
N'ueva Espana
Qulros
•Relna Christina
Keina Mercedes.
'Velasco
■
•At latest account in East India waters.
The strength of the Spanish navy
lies in its armored cruisers, its torpedo
gunboats, gunboats, torpedo-boat de
stroyers and torpedo-boats, most of the
smaller vessels having been built with
in recent years and credited with great
speed. Of these the El Destructor is
the pioneer of her type, built in 1887 in
Scotland, and has proved herself a
highly efficient vessel. Her arma
ment is necessarily light, being one
3Vi-inch, four 6-pounder Hotchkiss and
four machine guns. She has also thn.'d
torpedo tubes, while those of 830
tons have four torpedo tubes and
an armament of two 4.7 - inch,
four IH-inch rifles and two ma
chine guns. Thr* remainder carry
proportionate armaments.
TORPEDO GUNHOATS AND GUNBOATS.
VAMKS.
II h *
general i >nonu
Don Alvaro :de Bazan :;.:.;..
Dona Maria do Molina...-.;...
Destructor
•Elcano ."
Flllplnas
Gallcia ......;.
•General Lezo
Magelanes .;..;..
Marqules de la Victoria......
Marquis de Molln -.;...
Martin Alonzo Pinion.;. ..
Rarldo ..;„....:.....;..
Femerarlo :..........
Veloa .'....'.'.'.'...;.
V'lncente Yanez P1nz0n........
Vlllaloboa ...........;..
Ida
I! 20
M 22.56
•I 11.5
M 20
» 19
M 11.5
n n
H 20
l! 19
• 19
> 18
M 20.5
It 20
>! 19
»l 11.5
•At latent account In East India waters.
TORPEDO BOAT DESTROYERS.
" 300| 6.000
' r 300! 6,000
others l.uildtng (each).. 400 6,500
In addition to the above list come
twenty-two torpedo-boats ranging from
108 to 25 tons, built mostly since ISBS.
Notably among these is the Ariete, of
87 tons and 26 knots speed, built in 1357;
| four completing In Scotland of :« tons
i and 25 knots speed; and two likewise
I in course of construction of 28 knots
I speed. A submarine boat, Peral. built
I in 1889, the advent of which excited"
j considerable attention, has not been
; heard of in recent years. Th:s com
pletes the apparently effective list of
the Spanish navy. The vessel* are of
modern construction, fairly wvll armed
and credited with great speed, a factor
which our own .experience has shown
to be somewhat illusive. .
In addition to its regular navy, Spain
possesses a merchant steam marine,
t'rom which it can draw a numbor of
serviceable vessels as auxiliary cruisers',
and will be able to get as many to
gether as the United States. According
to a recent speed classification, the
relative numbers were above twelve
knots, as follows:
SPEED.
v. s.
20 knots ]
16 knots
15 knots
HVs knots
14 knots
13H knots
13 knots
12V4 knots ■■"
12 knots
4
■■■2
12
6
10
. 8
'13
• "5
S 19
''2
- J 3
1
4
3
I
14
. Totals
Numerically, the merchant steamers
of the United States exceed those of
Spain, but while some of our vessels
are of wood and many are ripe in
years, the Spanish steam fleet is as a
whole more modern and efficient.
CHRISTIAN YOUNG MEN
EXPRESS THEIR SORROW.
Resolution of Condolence by the
Pennsylvania State Asso
ciation.
YORK, Pa., Feb. 20.— The thirtieth
annual convention of the Pennsylvania
State Young Men's Christian Associa
tion closed to-night with farewell ex
ercises at Christ Lutheran Church.
Among the resolutions adopted before
the adjournment was the following:
Resolved, That in view of the recent
dreadful calamity in the harbor of Ha
vana, by which 250 young men of the
nation, while serving their country on the
battle-ship Maine at Havana, were cut off
In the strength of their early manhood,
without a moment's warning, we are
moved to profound sorrow, and do resolve
that this organisation, whose work is by
and for young men, feels it to be Its
duty in this hour of the nation's unspeak
able loss to give expression of its sym
pathy for the stricken families of the la
mented dead.
Hotel for Corte Madera.
CORTE MADBRA, Feb. 20.— Ground will
be broken to-morrow for a hotel at this
place to be built at a cost of $8000 by
L. Krause. The North Pacific Coast Rail
road Is about to erect a handsome and
costly new depot here. Plans for the
building are now being drawn.
CAPT/IN F. t>. CHAD WICK.
SOBRAL SPOKE
NOT FOR SPAIN
America Cannot Take
Offense at His Crit
icisms.
Were Made When He Was
No Longer Spanish Naval
Attache.
News That He Was Retired a Month
Ago Has Just Been Made
Public.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 20.
When Secretary's Long's attention
was called to the reports that he had
taken official cognizance of Captain
Sobral's criticisms of the American
navy, the Secretay said he had called
the subject to the attention of the State
Department with a view of having an
inquiry made by that branch. The par
ticular expression to which the Secre
tary had directed the attention of the
State Department was the following at
tributed to Captain Sobral:
"It was the result of an explosion in
side of the ship, which took place in one
of the forward magazines. The fact
of the matter is that the discipline and
the watch observed on the ship were
very lax. This, as one English news
paper the other day declared, is the
case on American warships generally.
This sort of thing has occurred on pre
vious occasions on American war ves
sels."
The Secretary said he had not called
attention to other features of Captain
Sobral's alleged interview, in which he
referred to the possibilities of war, and
to the information he had gained while
attache of the Spanish legation. As
a whole, Mr. Long did not treat the
Sobral matter as profoundly serions.
Assistant Secretary Day received no
dispatches from Havana during the
early part of the day. He would not
discuss the Sobral matter. It is under
stood, however, the State Department
! does not attach deep significance to the
i reported remarks of Sobral, owing to
his minor position. At the same time
' it is felt that he should not be making
■ such remarks as are attributed to him.
1 As Secretary Long has called official
attention to them the department
would, doubtless, take 6teps to learn
whether the interview was accurate by
making a request on the Spanish lega
tion. It can be stated positively, how
i ever, that reports that the State De
! partment made such a request of the
Spanish legation^, yesterday are incor
rect. Nothing has been done thus far
[ and an unexpected development of to
' day so changes the aspect of the Sobral
; case that the State Department may
' not feet that it is necessary to proceed
further.
This development was that Captain
Sobral's services as naval attache at
Washington were officially terminated
by Spain about four weeks ago. It
came from Senator Dubosie, Charge
d'Affaires of the Spanish Legation, who,
when his attention was called to the
Sobral case, gave to the Associated
Press the following authorized state
ment:
"As regards this reported Interview,
I know nothing about it beyond what
I have seen in the papers. I shpuld Im
agine Mr. Sobral far too prudent to say
anything calculated to offend brothers
in arms. At the same time, I should
state that on the 24th of January last
Captain Sobral ceased to be a member
of this legation, according to royal de
crees, which gazetted as his successor
Lieutenant Ramon Carrazay Guerrae."
Owing to the royal decree relieving
Captain Sobral, it Is said he now
occupies the position merely of a pri
vate citizen. He is at present In New
York, meeting his old naval friends on
the Vizcaya, but his official status as
Spain's naval attache to the legation
Is said to have terminated when the
decree was gazetted last month. It is
usual to notify the department of such
a condition, but owing to the exciting
events of the past few days this no
tification of the Spanish was not con
veyed to the authorities here at the
time it occurred.
Mr. Dubosie received no advices of
importance from Havana to-day. He
expressed satisfaction at the plans by
which the divers were operating, and
said there was no Justification for talk
about friction. Perfect harmony ex
isted, he said, and on both sides, so far
as he could see, there was every dispo
sition to give the amplest facilities for
Investigation.
Eight Years for Paddy Shea.
WICHITA, Kan., Feb. 20.— Paddy Shea
has been sentenced to eight years at hard
labor in the State Penitentiary for shoot-
Ing George Dawaon with Intent to kill,
last December. His attorney will apply
to the Supreme Court for a new trial. The
crime occurred in a saloon belonging to
Shea while all present were in advanced
stages of intoxication. Dawson was struck
in the back by the bullet and will be al
moit totally paralyzed for life.
TO DEFEND
THE HONOR
OF NATION
Military and Naval Men
Preparing for All
Emergencies.
If Uncle Sam Goes to War All
Branches of the Fighting
Forces Will Be Ready
for Service.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Washington special to the Heralff says:
In the opinion of all military authorities the most pressing need of
the army at the present time is an increase in the personnel of the ar
tillery arm of the service. Although the work of fortifying coasts pro
gressed slowly it is so far advanced that there are not men enough in
the heavy artillery to man the guns already in place. Recent events
have at last forced the Republicans in the House to appreciate this.
I understand that Representative Cannon, chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, who has hitherto bitterly opposed any proposition
for an increase of the army, is now disposed to consider the matter
favorably, and that he will have a conference with Chairman Hull of
the Committtee on Military Affairs immediately upon the return of
that gentleman to Washington for the purpose of arranging a pro
gramme for expediting the passage of the pending bill proposing to
provide two additional regiments of artillery. This will add 1050 en
listed men to the artillery arm of the service on a peace footing, a
sufficient number to man all the guns at present mounted.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: As a pre
cautionary measure it is evident in
many directions that the military and
naval authorities are actively engaged
in making legitimate preparations for
emergencies with the resources at their
command. While the number of ofR-
cials of the War Department who were
in their offices to-day is no larger than
is usual on Sundays, their prolonged
consultations regarding the work of
their departments is an evidence of the
energy that is being e,xerted to put the
coast defenses and the army generally
in the best possible shape as rapidly as
practicable.
Major Charles Shaler, Captain Charles
S. Smith and Captain C. H. Clark of
the Ordnance Department spent several
hours at the department this morning
discussing the progress of the delivery
of ammunition and the ordnance now
being manufactured under contract.
The subject of purchasing shells and
other necessary ordnance supplies in
case of emergency was discussed and
negotiations looking toward the pur
chase of such supplies will be begun
immediately. The present available
supply of powder, both brown and
smokeless, is considerable, and the visi
ble supply of 30-caliber cartridges for
the Krag-Jorgensen rifles in use in the
regular service is such as to give no
occasion for apprehension.
The plant for small arms and ammu
nition at Frankford arsenal, Philadel
phia, has been increased by the addi
tion of new machinery, and has a pres
ent capacity of about 40,000 ball cart
ridges, calibers 30, and 20,000 miscel
laneous cartridges per day. This out
put could be doubled by working night
and day.
For some time, by orders of Brig-
adier-General Flagler, Chief of Ord- ;
nance, work at Frankford arsenal, ;
Rock Island, Watervllet and other j
army ordnance factories has been \
pushed as much as possible. As a con- |
sequence the reserve supply of ammu- !
nltion is accumulating, and encourag
ing progress is being made on guns
and carriages, both for seacoast and i
field artillery. The capacity of the
Springfield armory, where both Krag-
Jorgensen and Springfield rifles of 45
caliber are manufactured, is very much j
greater than is at present utilized. A
liberal appropriation by Congress, how- I
ever, is necessary in order to increase
the output of the armory. There are
now understood to be about 50,000 stand
of Krag-Jorgensen rifles for the use of ■
the regular army.
Considerably more than half of the
organized militia is now supplied with
Springfield rifles, caliber 45, lately dis
carded by the army, and about half of
the remainder is supplied with service
able small arms. Abundant supplies of
ammunition for Springfield rifles are
obtainable from the large private am
munition factories of the Eastern
States. Deliveries of guns and car
riages for seacoast fortifications are be
ing made rather slowly, and efforts are
being directed by the ordnance au
thorities to expedite matters.
The Engineer Department has the
past year been pushing its work on em
placements, particularly on the South
ern Coast, ajid as much as possible,
considering the difficulties experienced
by weather, is now being done on the
Northern seaboard.
In accordance with Major-General
Miles' order of a few days ago to
Major-General Merritt, commanding
the Department of the East, troops will
continue to be detailed this week in
small detachments to each of the fin
ished garrisons. The details are solely
in the hands of General Merritt. who
will arrange the redistribution of the
artillery troops on the Atlantic Coast.
A like duty devolves upon Brigadier-
General Shafter, commanding the De
partment of California, and Brigadier-
General Merriam, commanding the De
partment of the Columbia. The artil
lery board, of which Colonel John I.
Rogers, Fifth Artillery, is president,
appointed to investigate the cost and
select the sites of new barracks and
the necessary buildings at seacoast gar
risons, adjourned last week and the re
port is now in the hands of the Acting
Secretary of War, Meiklejohn. Upon
the basis of this report the Quarter
master's Department will proceed to
prepare plans for the erection of new
artillery quarters and barracks.
The report that Major-General Mer
ritt has requested the War Department
to move at least 2000 troops from the
interior departments to the Atlantic
Coast posts is not confirmed by officials
of the department, but such a move
ment of troops is precisely what has
I been contemplated by the Secretary of
; War and Major-General Miles in the
event of an emergency. Such troops
j would have to be drawn from infantry
; regiments, as there are no artillery
| regiments in the interior. The employ
! ment of trained infantry as artillery
■ men will not be inaugurated unless it
I should become absolutely necessary
i Rather will efforts be redoubled to se
: cure favorable consideration by Con
i gress for the pending bill to increase
the regular artillery by two regiments.
j While the fate of this bill in the pres
ent Congress is problematical, ordnance
: officials are confident that the Senate
: appropriations of nearly $10,000,000 for
! these departments is to be concurred
lin by the House. While even this ap
propriation is considered inadequate by
\ the department, it will enabla the work
arming the coast to proceed without
, interruption and substantially on the
same line as last year.
In event of an emergency requiring a
larger body of troops than could be
supplied by the regular army, the.
President is prepared to make requisi-V
tion on the first line of reserve, com
posed of the entire National Guard of
Connecticut, three regiments of the
Massachusetts National Guard and four
regiments from the New York and
Pennsylvania National Guards. These
constitute the regiments pronounced
the most efficient and best equipped by
the regular army officers who inspect
them during their yearly encampments.
An elaborate statement of the relative
efficiency of each regiment of the
militia of these States and much de
tail regarding the personnel of their
officers is on file at the War Depart
ment, and would greatly aid the au
thorities in instructing the Governors
of the States regarding the men most
desirable to be first enlisted into serv
ice of the United States.
That Secretary Long is hopeful that
the peace relations between the United
States and Spain will continue is evi
denced by the fact that he has given
no orders to Chief Naval Constructor
Hichborn to expedite work on vessels
undergoing repairs or now under con
struction. Although the department
received some days ago reports of the
boards of survey on the cruiser Phila
delphia and gunboat Yorktown, which
were recently placed out of commission
at Mare Island, the only bureau which
has taken steps to improve their condi
tion is the Bureau of Ordnance. Cap
tain Charles O'Neill, chief of that bu
reau, is anxious to supply these vessels
with modern guns, and immediately af
ter the ships were put out of commis
sion at Mare Island he directed that
the six six-inch guns of the Yorktown
and twelve six-inch guns of the Phila
delphia be at once sent to the Washing
ton gun foundry.
I learned to-night that the boards of
survey estimated that construction re
pairs on the cruiser would cost $150,000,
and that those on the gunboat would
cost $100,000. Neither of these ships
will be ready for service under a year.
Notwithstanding this fact, Secretary
Long has not given instructions to has
ten the completion of their repairs.
The only ships which Secretary Long
desires to be put in condition for ac
tive service are those on the North At
lantic Coast. As has been stated, the
Secretary directed during the past week
that the monitors Puritan and Terror
be kept in commission, and that repairs
to the former vessel be hastened as
rapidly as possible.
The torpedo boats Wlnslow and Foote,
which are at Norfolk, and the torpedo
boats Porter and Dupont are to be re
paired as rapidly as possible, but the
department has especially stated that
there shall be no overtime work per
formed. I was told to-day that work
is being pushed on the cruiser Newark,
which is being repaired at the Norfolk
navy-yard, but it was explained to me
to-night that Chief Naval Constructor
Hlchborn had not directed such action.
At the Norfolk navy-yard work is
being expedited on the Lancaster,
which is to be turned into a gunnery
training ship. The Dolphin will be
placed in commission next month. No*
instructions have been sent to the NeJ%
York navy-yard with reference to the
hastening of work on the Chicago or
Atlanta, nor will there be unless there
be additional developments of a grave
character. Work on vessels under
construction has been' proceeding with
usual speed.AND STATESMEN WILL ACT FIRMLY
CONGRESS WILL
STAND WITH THE
ADMINISTRATION
Hot Heads May Be Held
in Check by the
Leaders.
But Should the Sigsbee Exam
ination Show Treachery the
People Could Not Longer
Be Restrained.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Congress stands with
the administration in the deter
mination to await an official ex
planation of the cause of the
Maine disaster before taking
any action. There are a few
hot-heads in both houses who
understand little about the con
ditions with which the adminis
tration hps to deal, and do not
take the trouble to inform them
selves, but who are disposed to
criticize the President for not
moving faster. Some of them
would not delay to make any
investigation whatever, but
would at once assume that the
worst suspicions against Spain
are well founded. Fortunately
these men are in the minority
and the leaders in both houses
realize that they must suspend
their judgment.
While the administration proposes to
wait for the report of the court of in
quiry before formulating any opinion
as to the disaster, it may be impossible
to prevent Congress from reaching a
conclusion before that report is made
if the preliminary examination ordered
by Captain Sigsbee should seem to be
at all conclusive.
If this investigation by the officers
of the Maine should Indicate that the
explosion which sunk the ship came
from the inside and was accidental this
conclusion would be generally accepted
by Congress as settling the matter, and
the disaster would have little effect on
the future policy of Congress in deal
ing with the Cuban question. Should
this board find evidences seeming to
show- that the explosion came from
outt>»<ie the ship, however, there Is no
question that Congress would respond
in some measure to popular irritation
and would want an immediate and sat
isfactory explanation from the Spanish
Government.
The Maine affair may not be the
only factor in influencing Congress
during the present week. It is the
expectation of the administration that
reports from Consul-General Lee and
other consular officers in Cuba may be
sent in response to the resolution
adopted by the houses. lam Informed
by the State Department officials that
there will be very little pruning of
these reports. Practically everything
that has been received by the depart
ment will be forwarded, except pos
sibly expressions of opinion by consuls,
Caro is being taken, however, in pre
paring the reports for transmission to
cut out of them the names and other
Indications of sources from which in
formation was obtained by consuls.
There is much feeling over the De
Lome incident, the Maine disaster and
Lieutenant-Commander Sobral's inter
view bottled up in both houses of Con
gress, and It is not improbable that if
this correspondence is sent in before
any explanation of the Maine disaster
has been made, it will be made the ba
sis of resolutions and speeches which
will be inspired as much by other af
fairs as by the correspondence.
However great the excitement in
Congress and out, it will be the policy
of the leaders to hold both houses in
check pending the final determination
of the cause of the disaster of the
Maine. In the House this policy will
succeed, and though there may be
some speeches during the debate in
committee of the whole there will be
no action. In the Senate resolutions
of various kinds may be introduced,
and speeches may be made upon them.
Will Thank the Queen.
MADRID, Feb. 20.— T0-day the
Queen Regent gave a farewell audi
FLORIDA NAVAL RESERVES
READY FOR EMERGENCIES.
Orders Issued for Active Drill at Once and the
Selection of the Most Eligible Points
for Signal Stations.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett. *
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 20. — Orders have been received here for the
Florida Naval Reserves to be in active drill at once. Besides this they have been
ordered to survey local waters .and select eligible points for signal stations. Lieu
tenant Merrill and several other officers left here at daybreak to-day to do this duty
at the mouth of the river. They will locate stations along the coast and at points
where signals can be sent to warships off the coast it is stated the Tampa and
Pensacola companies have received the same orders.
ence to Senor Polo y Bernabe, the new
Minister to the United States. To-mor
row she will receive United States Min
ister Woodfnrd, who will present Presi
dent McKinley's dispatch of thanks for
Spain's expressions of sympathy with
the United States in the misfortune
that befell the Maine.
SENORA ISABELLA RUBIA
A SPANISH PRISONER.
Had Done Valiant Service for the
Insurgents Since the War
Began.
HAVANA (via Key West), Feb. 20.—
Senor Jose Congosto, the Secretary-
General, is said to have asserted in a
private interview that the Government
expected to be able to "buy up several
members of the New York junta." It
is generally believed, however, that the
statement was made to quiet discon
tent here, arising from the military
failures of General Blanco and Gen
eral Pando in the East.
Senora Isabella Rubla, owner of many
tobacco estates in the eastern part of
the island, and an active insurgent.
has been captured by the Spanish in
I the province of Pinar del Rio, and is
> now in the hospital. At the time of
1 the Maceo incursion, she induced half
the province to join the insurgent
cause. She accompanied one of the
original Maceo expeditions to Cuba,
then left the island, and, after a time,
returned with an expedition from Key
West.
Rumors have reached here of the
landing of an important expedition
near the River Mariano, this province,
but as yet the name of the vessel, or
that of the leader of the party, is un
! disclosed.
— •— ■
NEW FORTIFICATIONS
WILL BE GARRISONED.
Hurried Inspection of the Defense
Works at the Columbia's
Mouth.
PORTLAND, Feb. 20.— General H. C.
Merriam, commanding the Department
! of the Columbia, and Captain W. L.
, Fisk, United States Engineers, yester
i day returned from a three days' in
! spection of new fortifications at Fort
I Stevens and Scarborough Head, at the
; mouth of the Columbia River. The or
i ders for the trip came from Washing
! ton early in the week and created con
! siderable excitement in the Engineers'
: office here, although for obvious reasons
i nothing was given out concerning them
■ for publication. It is stated upon good
j authority that both fortifications will
i be fully garrisoned as srton as the bar
racks are ready for occupancy, and
that it was with a view to determining
the number of men necessary that Gen
eral Merriam accompanied Capt.iin
Fisk on the trip.
Five 10-lnch rifles arrived in Portland
yesterday for the fortifications at
Scarborough Head, and will be shipped
down the river within the next few
days. They are twenty-seven feet long
and weigh 70,000 pounds each.
FOUR STATES TIED UP
AND BURIED IN SNOW.
Railway Traffic Suspended in Mich
igan, Wisconsin, lowa and
Illinois.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— The States of Mich
igan, Wisconsin, lowa and Illinois are
practically snowbound. An average snow
fall of two feet is reported from Illinois
and lowa points, while throughout Wis
consin and Northern Michigan the fall
was much heavier, in fact, the greatest
of the season. A forty mile gale lias
piled the snow into enormous drifts, com
pletely paralyzing street railway traffic
and seriously interfering with the opera
tions of trains on the steam roads.
Northern trains have been delayed in
some instances fifteen hours, owing to
the heavy drifts and steady fall of snow,
which makes the use of snowplows un
availing. Rain and snow alternated In
Chicago and vicinity. Not enough had
fallen to-night, however, to interfere with
railway traffic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
THE MAIL STEAMER OLIVETTE, Which Carried the Expert Divers From
Key West to Havana.
TALES OF THE
WOUNDED MEN
Struggle for Life in the
Hold of the Man-of-
War.
Seamen Fought Like Demons
to Reach the Vessel's
Deck.
No Searchlight Turned On by the
Spanish Forts to Aid the
Rescuers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 20.— A
special to the Times-Union and Citizen
from Key West says: The following
are the wounded in the Marine Hospi
tal here:
G. J. Dressier of New York City, frac
tured jaw, fractured kneecap, wound In
breast and back.
George Fox, Grand Rapids, Mich., cut
on head, right arm burned, foot and
hand cut.
Robert Hutchins (colored). New York,
arms and face badly burned.
Frank G. Thompson, Austin, 111., dis
located ankle, arm cut, bruise on side.
Carl Christenson, Sweden, right arm
and leg bruised and burned, arms and
head bruised and badly shaken up.
William H. Thompson, New York
City, back hurt, side bruised and both
hands burned.
George Worth, Brooklyn, bruised on
leg and neck.
Patrick Foley, Mount Vernon, N. V.,
cut on nose, eyes and mouth. He Is
the most seriously hurt, and is in great
pain.
Martin Larsen, Philadelphia, was
in the hospital when the explosion took
place. He has had continued fever, but
is now convalescing.
The Marine Hospital men are the
most seriously hurt, but none are In
danger of dying. They are cheerful and
keeping up good spirits. The wounded
at the United States Barracks Hospital
could not be seen, but the commanding
officer stated that none were danger
ously hurt. Among those seen were:
William McNair of Pittsburg, who is
slightly injured.
George David, Island Malt, slightly
injured in the back and hip.
Louis Morinierem, Newtonville, Mass.,
uninjured.
M. Lanahan, Louisville, Ky., unin
jured.
Thomas Melville, Brooklyn, unin
jured. He was on watch on the quar
terdeck and felt a shock, followed by
an explosion, and was thrown eight
feet into the air and forty feet from
the ship into the water. He swam back
to the Maine and climbed aboard again.
He then saved the lives of men floating
in the water.
Edward McKay of Boston is unin
jured. He was on duty on the poop
deck, only heard the explosion, and
was thrown from port to starboard side
and saved his rifle and ammunition.
M. Meehan, uninjured.
K. Kushida, Japan, uninjured.
F. Awo, Japan, slight scar on head
and hands.
Westmore Harris, Charles City, Va.,
uninjured.
Peter Larsen, New York, uninjured.
A. Willey, Keyport, N. V., uninjured.
John Turpin, Long Branch, unin
jured.
D. J. Topfln, New York City, unin
jured.
Harry McCann, Brooklyn, has a
strained back. He was thrown over
board by the shock from the quarter
deck and immediately swam back to
the ship and attempted to get the
whaieboat out /with the help of Mel
ville, a comrade. Many of the men of the
quarterdeck, who had lost their pres
ence of mind, were thrown overboard
by McCann and Melville, who after
ward succeeded in manning the whale
boat, which sunk from the suction at
the ship going down. They were then
rescued by the gig, and were afterward
complimented by the Navigator and of
ficers for bravery.
Martin Rlordan, a well-known diver
of Key West, who served on the Maine,
was saved. He has been recalled to
Havana by Consul General Lee and
Captain Sigsbee to complete the in
vestigation and dive under the uhip to
ascertain the true cause of tbrs disas
ter, which will be evidence in the inves
tigation.
M. Melville, Brooklyn, uninjured.
Oscar Anderson of Sweden, slightly
cut.
The remainder of the men at the bar
racks and at the hospital could not be
seen nor their condition ascertained.
The hairbreadth escapes told of by
the survivors are almost miracles. Men
who were between decks fought for
their lives like demons to- reach the
.deck. The wounded who could not get j
out met their deaths bravely. As the |
water rushed into the ship the cries of
the wounded men could be heard call- ',
ing for aid. In a few minutes their L
doom was pealed. No searchlight was
thrown on the terrible scene, it is not j
not known why, but a gentleman in
the city, who was at Havana at the I
time, says that fifteen minutes after the j
explosion he was looking toward the I
wreck and waiting for a searchlight to I
be thrown on the ship, but none ap- I
peared, and the work of rescuing had to >
be done in tho dark.
MINES AND TORPEDOES
IN HAVANA HARBOR.
Infernal Machines Attached to Main
Cables Which Run Into
Mono Castle.
That Havana harbor, as well as the
channel and entrance thereto, has a
well arranged and judiciously planted
system of submarine dynamite mines
and torpedoes has long been a fact so
known to most of the visitors to
that place, especially the officers of
our navy who have been there in re
cent years, as to no longer need formal
and exact proof as to Just where the
machines are planted. The details of
the matter of position and arrangement
are of course known to but a few be
sides the higher officials in Havana,
and those in Morm Castle, and those
few are the members of the Torpedo
Corps whose duties are to look after
and operate the Infernal machines.
It has been said that one of the first
acts of Lieutenant Jenkins of the Maine
on his arrival in the city was to make
inquiry as to the mine and torpedo
system of the harbor for the informa
tion of the Burpftu of Naval Intelli
gence at Washington, of which he was
the correspondent on board the Maine.
He learned but little of importance, as
might be surmised. Those who were
willing to give him information knew
little or nothing about the matter, and
those who did know anything were
very far from being willing to commu
nicate it. On the contrary, they would
be very careful to reassure him and
allay all suspicion as to the existence
of the mines.
The mines and torpedoes at the var
ious points across the entrance, along
the channel and throughout the harbor
itself are attached to main cables which
run to a point near the landing at
Morro Castle and on up into the oper
ating chamber in the castle. There on
the table is an enlarged full detailed
chart of the harbor, the channel and
the entrance, on which are shown the
main and small cables and every mine
and torpedo with its own special num
ber connected therewith. On another
table to which the separated wires of
the cable run is a keyboard with keys
numbered to correspond with the mine
and torpedo numbers on the chart, and
the wire from each nne is carried to
the key correspondingly numbered.
By pressing this key the electric circuit
is closed, the spark flashes in the mine
and the explosion follows.
The current la generally supplied ay a
number of Grove or Benson cells. Any
particular mine or. the cable can be
fired at will.
PASSENGERS STARTLED
BY A LOUD REPORT
Those on Board the Olivette Thought
the City of Havana Had Been
Blown Up.
CopyrlghtPd, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 20.— John W.
Sawyer, a prominent merchant of this
city, who was a passenger on the Mail
steamer Olivette from Havana last
night, says that soon after leaving Ha
vana harbor yesterday at nooh, and
when about ten of twelve miles out,
passengers on the promenade deck
heard a loud report like that of the
discharge of a cannon. Looking back
in the direction of Havana they saw a
volume of smoke rising over Havana,
The smoke was so dense and rose to
such height as to cause a voluntary re
mark that the entire city had been
blown up. Others thought that it must
have been the discharge of one of the
immense Krupp guns mounted on the
beach outside of Morro Castle. What
gave color to this belief was the fact
that notwithstanding the distance and
that the wind was. from an opposite
direction the report was distinctly
heard on board the Olivette.
LEGAL LIGHT ON
SPAIN'S STATUS
Responsible Only in Case
of an External Ex
plosion.
Would Then Have to Answer,
Though Not Particeps
Criminis.
If Fanatics Smuggled Bombs Aboard
the Maine, the Fault Lay
With the Crew.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Boston spe
cial to the Herald says: Boston law
yers are generally of the opinion that
the question of indemnity for the loss
of the Maine, granting, of course, that
Spain was not partlceps criminis in her
destruction, will turn largely on how
far the Spanish Government was re
sponsible for her anchorage in the har
bor, and what the distribution of ex
plosions was near that anchorage. If
the ship was placed in a position of
hazard and her destruction resulted
therefrom, Spain is responsible whether
the explosion occurred by accident or
was caused by a fanatic. John C.
Ropes, the well-known military author,
said to-night:
"I suppose no one seriously contends
that the Maine was destroyed with the
knowledge or the authority of the
Spanish Government. If it was, then
we must fight. No other procedure is
possible. If, at the other extreme, the
explosion was due to negligence or ac
cident on board the ship itself, Spain
would of course have no responsibility
whatever -for the affair. If a fanatic
smuggled something aboard that caused
the catastrophe,. I do not see how we
could claim an indemnity. An insane
act like that might be attempted any
where; we have to take our chances on
that and use adequate vigilance in
guarding vessels from invasion.
"If. however, the violence to the
Maine was external, and if her an
chorage placed her in peril and that
anchorage was made under the direc
tions of the Spanish Government, then
Spain, in my opinion, would be respon
sible for the loss of the vessel, whether
it resulted from an accidental explosion
or was caused by the hand of a fanatic.
In that case the procedure would be an
action to secure indemnity."
NEW YORK LAWYERS ON
SPAIN'S RESPONSIBILITY.
Accountable Only if It Is Shown
That the Explosion Was From,
the Outside.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Eminent Ju
rists who were seen to-day are of the
opinion that indemnity is due the
United States from Spain for the loss
of the Maine if it can be shown that
the Spanish authorities in Havana
failed to take proper precautions to in
sure the safety of the American ship.
These opinions are based upon the the
ory that the Maine was . either blown
up by a submarine mine, accidentally,
exploded, or that she was destroyed by
a fanatic. In either case it is taken for
granted that Spain gave no official
sanction to any scheme for destroying
the vessel. This view was enunciated
to-day by Frederic :R. Coudert, former- ;
ly counsel for the United States before •'
the Bering Sea Commission, and a
well-known authority on international
law. . ■ .- '..'..- . .. ■ '
"Spain should pay indemnity for the
loss of the Maine," ; Mr. ; Coudert said,
"provided the disaster is found to have
been due to the negligence of the Span
ish officials. The vessel went to Ha
vana' on a friendly visit, and was en
titled to full protection. .;; It was proper
that extraordinary precautions should
be taken to ', insure her safety. /.- It , was
well known that there were Individuals
belonging to the Spanish '■: nation i who
had ill-feeling toward 'the V, United
States. If any danger was known ?' to
exist in Havana harbor it was to be
expected that Spain should inform , the
captain of the : Maine }of \ the fact ; and
use every means to prevent any acci
dent to the vessel.
"If, on the other hand, a man with a
basket \of dynamite ■ should [ have come
on board the Maine and < blown up the
"vessel the fault i would have been plain
ly with the officers of the vessel. It is
their duty to keep ; the; strictest : watch
over everybody who comes lon board. t -I:
'y:-X'.'l '1 cannot i believe } that x Spain V would :
have officially,! perpetrated ;• an f outrage
•so ■; fiendish :as the ; blowing up :• of the j
, Maine, even if an ; investigation should I
i show, that the vessel .was intentionally
- destroyed. j' The destruction ■;: of , the ;
Maine,- by accident or v by the act : of ,;
? irresponsible .; individuals, would c not
' justify a declaration of s war. 1 Carnot,
: for instance, ■ was j assassinated :■ by an
•Italian, yet France, did not blame Italy.
, Italian ; subjects were \ killed ■by \ a mob
t several ; years 5 ago ?3' at it New Orleans.
Italy was justified In demanding an in
* demnity, which she i received,' because •
i the men ; when ; slain were :In < charge of
: officers of it, the law who should • have
~ made ; every effort to prevent the pris
-oners from being WUe^' — —^- ,
SPANISH NAVAL
OFFICER MAKES
A FEW BOASTS
Says His Country Has Long
Been Preparing for
a Conflict.
Will Reduce All of Our Seaport
Cities to Ruins and Make the
Money-Loving Yankee
Sue for Peace,
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Ciudad Juar
ez, Mexico, special to the Herald says:
Lieutenant Palmo of the Spanish navy
passed through here to-day an his way
to the City of Mexico. While wait
ing for the departure of the train,
which was held for some time by cus
tom house requirements, ynur corres
pondent touched upon his mission to the
City c-f Mexico, but his guarded replies
elicited no information. Warming up
over the Maine Incident, he said:
"We are being driven to war. The
conflict cannot be postponed much
longer, but I tell you we are better
prepared to strike than the Yankees
think. While Americans have occupied
their time in talking we have been qui
etly preparing for a conflict, and, more
over, our diplomats have admirably
ucceeded in warding off suspicion.
"Do you suppose it is for naught that
we have recently purchased two crui-
sers from Brazil and have made a lib
eral offer for the new Chilean warship
Just completed? And you may rest as
sured my visit to Mexico bodes no good
for the Yankees.
"Our bureau of naval intelligence has
complete "plans and drawings of the
fortifications of all the principal
American ports. There is not a port in
the United States that is fortified suf
ficiently to withstand the successful en
try of one of our ships. An exception
may be the city of New York, but you
may be aware that we have a powerful
cruiser there, and that we can well af
ford to lose it if the Yankees can afford
to see their large city in ruins. The
Sagasta Ministry has no oscillating
plans. We have but one policy, and
are pursuing its steadily. Americana,
you know, are as little aware of what
they will do to-morrow as they are of
what they must accomplish to-day."
I hinted that the disparity in popu
lation and our immense resources
would be the prime factors in the is
sue.
"Nothing of the kind," he quickly re
plied. "We are not going to pursue a
land conquest, as only in that case, I
admit, we would be worsted. The 160.
000 of our regular army is more than
enough for our plan of campaign and
to bring the Yankees to sue for peace.
Yes, I know they are all talking of the
large population they have, also the
millions of men they can muster, but
we have no intention of giving them
a chance to use them. The Spaniard
is a cunning and shrewd individual and
does not propose to be led into a trap.
"There will be no fighting on the
American continent, you may depend
on that. We have a splendid navy
and some of the fastest auxiliary
cruisers in the world. After we lay two
or three of their largest cities in ruins
this ought to bring the money loving
Yankee to our terms."
"If not, what then?"
"Well, they will crocs the ocean and
try to land a force on our shores.
Nothing better would euit me. On this
very thing hinges our plan of campaign.
You know that at most 200,000 troops
is all that any nation could under the
most favorable circumstances trans
port in either direction across the ocean.
This alone would require a large trans
port fleet, not to mention other aux
iliary transports, for arms, equipments
and stores, which would be more than
the entire available fleet of the United
States could properly guard, and you
may rest assured that the rapid-fire
guns on our fleet cruisers would cripple
them to such an extent with such
frightful casualties that what was left
of them would make but a poor show
ing against a larger army of perfectly
drilled soldiers, on their own ground,
besides a population of nearly twenty
SIGSBEE IS GUARDING
UNCLE SAM'S SECRETS
T* ' Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 20. — Although the Spanish authorities
are anxious to take part in any investigation of the Maine in
order to clear themselves of all blame in the matter, 1 have
just learned of another important reason why they were
anxious to send their own divers into the Maine. In Cap
tain Sigsbee's cabin are several copies of the Navy Depart
ment's Signal Code and secret cipher, with a key to both.
It is obvious that at this time they would be of great value
to the Spanish authorities, if they fell into their hands it
would necessitate an entire change of both by the Navy
Department.
This explains Captain Sigsbee's determined stand in
the matter, full particulars of which were cabled you, and
which at the time appeared to be a trivial matter.
millions to draw upon within easy
reach.
"I tell you there would not be a Yank
to tell the tale. Their millions count
for nothing. The ocean is on our side
and we know how to use it."
WARSHIP TO REPLACE
THE DESTROYED MAINE.
Cruiser Montgomery to Be Ordered
to Havana Within a Few
Days.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: No
date has yet been named for the send
ing of any warship to Havana to re
place the Maine. It is the intention
of the Navy Department, however, to
send another vessel soon, and the
cruiser Montgomery, which is now at
Key West, will probably be sent as
soon as the Fern returns. Should
Captain Sigsbee or Consul General
Lee deem it advisable, however, to
have another warship at Havana in
advance of the return of the Fern, the
Montgomery will be ordered to sail im
mediately. Commander G. A. Con
verse is the commanding: officer of the
Montgomery. He is considered one of
the ablest officers in the navy, and it
is on account of his fine qualities of
command and his excellent discretion
that his vessel will probably be select
ed to replace the Maine.
The gunboat Nashville has also been
considered as a suitable vessel to de
tail on this duty, and it is not yet defi
nitely decided that she will not be.
Secreary Long, however, told me to
night that he thought the Montgom
ery would be selected.
MOBILE AT THE MERCY
OF A FOREIGN FOE.
Modern Guns for Fort Morgan
Have Not Yet Been Placed in
Position.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Mobile
(Ala.) special to the Herald says: Mo
bile Bay is practically defenseless
against naval attacks. Fort Morgan,
the only post at the entrance, has been
undergoing a modernizing process for
the past seven months and, it is under
stood, the works have been put into
good shape and ready for guns. Civ
ilians are not allowed on shore there,
and the men engaged in the work are
not communicative. There are, how
ever, no modern guns there.
Two five-inch rifles with their car
riages arrived here a month ago for the
fort, but are not yet mounted and can
not be for several weeks, even if the
mounting were expedited. The only
protection the harbor could be given 1
would be by the use of anchored tor-,
pedoes.
Fort Morgan is open to bombard
ment from war vessels stationed in the
Gulf and is defenseless against modern
guns. Mobile is situated thirty miles
distant and Is reached by a ship chan
nel through a bay twenty-three feet
deep. The city could easily be protect
ed from direct naval attack by placing'
an obstruction in the channel. It has,
however, no defense against an at
tack by land.
CASTS A SUSPICION
UPON THE CUBANS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Hartford,
Conn., special to the Herald says: Gen
eral Arthur L. Goodrich, formerly quar-
termaster-general of this State, re
turned from Havana late last night. He
was in that city at the time of the
Maine explosion, and had a number of
conferences with the officers there. He
is thoroughly convinced that the bat
tle-ship was destroyed by a torpedo
placed by Cubans to create feeling in
America against Spain. He says the
chief engineer of the Maine told him,
he felt the whole vessel rise as though
lifted by a .orpedo. A large piece of
mortar was found on the deck on a
neighboring vessel. This mortar was in
the bed under the magazine, and so
must have been thrown into the air by,
an explosion under the magazine.
34
TREACHERY PREVENTED IN THIS COUNTRY.
ENTERS THE
HARBOR AND
IS SALUTED
Now the City of New York
Is at the flercy of the
Vizcaya's Guns.
But the Visiting Cruiser Is safe, for
Every Precaution Is Taken to
Prevent Any Attempt to
Destroy Her.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— After several
nights of peril and extreme discomfort
in boisterous weather off Sandy Hook
the Spanish cruiser Vizcaya steamed
into port, saluting the flag of this na
tion on her way, and anchored off
Tompkinsville at twenty-five minutes
to 4 o'clock this afternoon.
As the clanking of her anchor chain
ceased the sound of answering guns
from Fort William. Governors Island,
was carried down the bay, the concus
sion of the saluting cannon being felt
rather than heard at that distance.
Captain d'Antonlo Eulate of the Viz
caya, after receiving Lieutenant Aaron
Ward, representing Rear Admiral
Bunce, on the quarter deck of the
cruiser with due honors, and learning
officially from him of the disaster to
the Maine, ordered his flag and pen
nant at half mast and announced that
he and his officers would decline to
participate in any social functions and
would observe a fitting period of
mourning.
The Vizcaya's commander will pay
pay his respects to Rear Admiral
Bunce in the Brooklyn navy-yard to
morrow and will exchange visits with
the Spanish Consul. He has received
through Lieutenant Commander So
bral, naval attache of the Spanish
Legation in Washington, instructions
which awaited his arrival here. He
did not care to say to-day how long
the Vizcaya would remain in port.
Lieutenant Commander Sobral said he
thought she would remain here only a
few days.
It was not until after she had an
chored to-day that any one on shore
suspected the full measure of danger
and annoyance which the Vizcaya's
company encountered in the fog and
storm off the Hook. Thickening mist,
increasing rain and a rising sea made
the cruiser's anchorage a most uncom
fortable one by 4 o'clock on Saturday
afternoon, and there was some anxi
ety because of the great strain upon
her anchor cables and the presence of
other fogbound craft which were lying
In her neighborhood.
Believing he could bring the cruiser
tip in safety when the weather cleared
temporarily, soon after 4 o'clock Pilot
Gillespie consented to Captain Eulate's
proposal to get up his anchor and at
tempt to reach the anchorage off Tomp
kinsville. But as the cruiser began to
feel her way toward the city the mist
thickened and her lookout lost the
channel buoy. The fog closed about
her in whirling clouds. With a ship
tinder him that drew twenty-five feet
of water the pilot decided that there
■was only one thing to do, and that was
to Beck deep water. So the Vizcaya's
bow was turned seaward and while the
marine observers and waiting city sup
posed the formidable visitor rode at
anchor off the lightship she steamed
seaward in an increasing fog and dark
ness. She proceeded for an hour and
a half under easy steam.
As she approached Fort Wadsworth,
where the stars and stripes floated
above the works, the cruiser slackened
her speed. The Government tugs Nina
and Narkeeta. manned by marines,
drawn up along their rails, moved down
from the city and took up positions on
either side of the cruiser, and the Un
dine, carrying Lieutenant Aaron Ward,
fell in behind them, gleaming white in
the visitor's wake. Uniforms of the
United States army could be seen on
the heights of the fort and inquisitive
hundreds lined the shore eager to in
epect the oft-heralded cruiser. The
marines suddenly thronged the Viz
caya's spar deck and through her open
ports could be seen the gun crews of
her second battery busy with Hotclr
kiss rifles.
The whistles of the accompanying
fleet were silent. A command in Span
ish rang out from the Vizcaya. The
stars and stripes rose to the top of the
staff. A tongue of flame, burning red
In the gray daylight, shot from her
bow, smoke belched out in a great
cloud as the flame faded, and over the
■water came the sharp report of Spain's
greeting to the United States. Regu
larly from port and starboard the guns
thundered until the cruiser was lying
in a white cloud of her own making,
and the watchers on the craft and
shore counted twenty-one.
There was silence at the forts. Many
expected they would return the greet
ing, forgetting that Fort William is
the saluting station. There was no
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
cheer from the shore. The Vizcaya,
her marines still drawn up on deck,
moved on to quarantine. There Dr.
Doty ran alongside of the steamer Gov
ernor Flower and received the report
of the cruiser's surgeon. All were well
and had been since the Vizcaya left
Spain, so the Health Officer exchanged
salutes with his naval brother and de
parted.
The Vizcaya's guns were heard in
salute at five minutes to 3 o'clock, and
it was just twenty-five minutes to 4
o'clock when she was safely anchored
off Tompkinsville.
Then the Undine ran up from astern
of the cruiser and the visitors' sea
ladder was placed in position. In full
uniform, disdaining a great coat in
spite of the downpour of rain. Lieuten
ant Ward went up her side. Captain
Eulate received him saluting, and the
rear admiral's representative saluted
the commander and officers in turn,
and then accompanied the former to his
cabin. The way lay between files of sa
luting marines. The call lasted about
twenty minutes. As the Undine moved
away those who watched knew that the
news of the Maine's loss had been offi
cially received on board the cruiser,
for while the navy yard launch was
still near the Vizcaya's flag was low
ered at half-mast. It will remain so
while she is in port.
Captain Eulate will pay an official call
to-morrow and will perhaps receive a
representative of General Merritt,
commanding the department of the
East.
Thousands lined the shore and piers
at Tomkinsville to view the Vizcaya
after she anchored. The patrol boats
took up positions near her, and their
men settled down to their tour of eight
hours' duty in rain and spray. On
shore the police kept watch for auspi
cious persons.
As safe as if she had been under the
protection of Spanish guns .in the
waters of that country, the Vizcaya
to-night rode at anchor. When dark
ness began to dim the outline of the
formidable man-of-war, lights from
her deck and mastheads began to shine
through the rain and mist. The in
creasing wind kicked up white-capped
waves about the vessel and the rain
descended in torrents, but not for an
instant did the small boats guarding
her relax their vigilance from the mo
ment the Vizcaya's anchor was
dropped. All through the hours of
night little boats cruised around the
big iron-clad and all suspicious crafts
were halted at a distance. The navy
boat showed a red light and revenue
cutter a green one, but the police pa
trol moved quietly about in the dark
ness, showing no light at all.
Everything was quiet on board the
Vizcaya after dark and the crew, save
those on watch, apparently turned into
their bunks and slept peacefully. Most
of the lights on the big vessel were ex
tinguished by 10 o'clock.
In an interview Captain Eulate said
while his ship was in this port his of
ficers would accept no invitations of
any kind. The Spanish warship had
come here on a visit of courtesy and
friendship, and when the dreadful ac
cident to the Maine was learned the
flags were put at half mast, and there
would remain until the ship took her
departure. He likened his visit to
that of one intimate friend to another
when disaster had overtaken the lat
ter, the same delicacy dictated what
to do, to mourn with the friend and
to avoid all festivity. No invitations
of a social character would be accepted
— this he wished to have understood.
Referring to the catastrophe, he de
clared that he and his officers were
greatly shocked and that the sympathy
of all was with the beraved families.
sympathy expressed
by British Ministers.
Touching Words Spoken in the
English-Speaking Churches
of Paris
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 20.— 1t is a noteworthy
fact that in all the .English-speaking
churches in Paris to-day reference was
made to the Maine disaster. It was
to be expected that the preachers at
two American churches would dwell
on the catastrophe, but the unanimity
with which chaplains of .the English
churches took occasion to express sym
pathy merits remark.
At the English church were Sir Ed
mund and Lady Monson and the Em
bassy staff were present. Rev. Dr.
Noyes said:
"I take this opportunity to express
what I am sure is in all your minds,
namely, our intense feeling of sorrow
with regard to the calamity which has
befallen the American navy. We are
more than allied with America. We
are related and any pain felt by her
causes sympathetic blood in the hearts
of the English nation."
Similarly sympathetic references
were made at St. George's, at the Vic
toria Jubilee Church and the English
Wesleyan Church. At the latter the
dead march in Saul was played, the
congi-egation standing. At St. Jo
seph's Church for English-speaking
Catholics, mass was said especially for
the seamen of the Maine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
CAPTURE OF MORRO CASTLE IN 1762 BY THE BRITISH UNDER SIR
RALPH ABERCROMBIE.
The picture, taken from an old print, shows the advance of the Royal Scots
Greys, who led the assault through the narrow breach made by the explosion of
a well laid mine. This assault endefd the siege, which had lasted thirty days, and
the city surrendered.
COULD RAISE
THE WARSHIP
Engineers Favored by the
Shallowness of the
"Water.
The Task Would Be Expensive,
but Quite Likely to Be
Successful.
England's Experience in tho Past
With Warships Similarly
Situated.
The task of raising the Maine, while
It woud be expensive, presents appa
rently no insurmountable engineering
difficulties, as she lies in a depth of
only forty-five feet, and divers, with
the requisite apparatus, can get access
to the hull. As she now lies, her weight
does not exceed 5000 tons, and the re
moval of guns and other detachable
heavy weights would still further de
crease the load to be lifted.
The idea expressed by prominent na
val officials to resurrect the Maine and
bring her back to the United States,
and from the remnants to reconstruct
the ship will be appreved by the people
for patriotic as well as other reasons.
In the first place, the wreck must be
removed, and even if the entire for
ward part of the ship shall be found
to be blown out. ■ the remainder of it,
constituting two-thirds of the hull, and
containing the engines and boilers, is
likely to be uninjured. No recourse
was had in her construction to stint
her scantling in order to gain displace
ment to carry other weights, and the
hull is probably the strongest and best
built of any ship in the navy-
It is the universal practice of all na
tions not to abandon lost ships so long
as there is a chance of recovery, and in
this instance conditions are favorable
for the resurrection of the Maine. Great
Britain has had some experience in this
line. In September, 1875, the Iron Duke
accidentally collided with the Van
guard while maneuvering in the Brit
ish Channel, and the Vanguard, an
ironclad of 5900 tons displacement, sunk
in 120 fet of water and settled on her
keel, with a slight list to starboard. It
was not until the following March that
efforts were made to raise the ship,
during which time she had settled
twelve feet in the mud and sand, and
all attempts to raise her proved fruit
less. The great depth of water, in
which the divers could work only from
fifteen to thirty minutes, and the con
stant banking up of sand against the
ship made the task greater than the
wreckers could overcome, and the ship
was left to her fate.
In the early part of 1889 the Sultan,
an ironclad of 9200 tons displacement,
while at torpedo practice in the Medi
terranean, ran upon an uncharted rock
in the Comino Channel and* sank in
sixty feet of water. Several unsuccess
ful attempts were made by British
wreckers to raise the ship, but an Ital
ian company finally succeeded and car
ried her into Malta December 29, 1889,
where she was docked and repaired.
The sum paid to the company was $250,
000, and it took $225,000 to repair the
hull and refit the ship. The difficulty
in floating the Sultan was aggravated
by the fact that she lay Jammed in be
tween two points of rock, so that the
divers were compelled to remove, by
blasting, these obstructions before they
could get access to the wounded parts
of the hull. Huge holes had bet.i made
In the bottom and these had to be tem
porarily repaired by means of iron
plates and timber, the whole made
tight with many tons of a peculiar ce
ment, which hardened under water.
When all fissures and holes had been
made water-tight, powerful pumps
were brought into play, forcing air into
the interior of the hull, and the ship
arose to the surface and was made se
cure.
In October, 1892, the British armorclad
Howe, 10,300 tons, ran upon rocks while
entering the harbor of Ferrol, Spain. A
hole forty feet in length was ripped in
her bott. m, and the ship settled down
with her bow under water. It took sev
eral months and $100,000 to raise her, af
ter which she was repaired at an ex
pense of $150,000.
The Victoria, sunk in the Mediter
ranean on June 22, 1893, lies in over 200
feet of water, yet all hope has not been
given up that the ship may be re
covered, but it will have to be accom
plished by unusual methods, for ordin
ary diving cannot be carried on at such
a depth.
Of these incidents, that of the Sultan
bears some resemblance to that of the
Maine, with the advantage to the for
mer that the rents in the hull ware
such as could be closed up, while in the
Maine the ship is apparently almost
cut off at one-third of her length from
forward. It thus becomes a task of
lifting an inert mass of material which
has no floating tendency whatever, and
there will be little or no use for pumps
unless the remaining part of the hull
should be found to be in a condition to
stand the air» pressure put on by the
pumps, and with its buoyancy restored
be able to carry the wrecked forward
part of the ship.
At a depth of say fifty feet the air
forced into a vessel would exert a pres
sure of eighteen pounds to the square
inch, and this pressure, large. as it is,
could undoubtedly be sustained by the
Maine, and would, If all egress of water
was excluded, raise her to the surface.
In addition pontoons on each sitie with
chains suspended under the vessel could
be made to take up a great load.
Again, bags made of canvas can be de
posited about the ship and inflated with
air, thus displacing the water, and with
their great surplus buoyancy assist in
raising the wreck.
Still another way would be by means
of a "jack" — a pontoon with an open
bottom, which are built with a lifting
capacity of from 50 to 600 tons. They
are floated alongside the wreck, and by
letting the air escape sink to the bot
tom. Each "jack" is connected to .a
pump by a flexible nose, which is ar
ranged alongside tht- v. ssel by the
divers, so that the instant it reaches
the bottom suction rr.ny be effected on
it. When they are al 1 property connect
ed and attached With 'hams under the
ship, compressed air is forced into the
pontoons, drivii;? he w iter out through
their bottoms: strain is brought on the
chain and the lifting progresses. Such
pontoons are inexpensive and weigh
but little, on*^ capable of lifting 300 tons
weighing only fifteen tons, and should
not cost over $1200. These contrivances
are undoubtedly the most efficient and
least expensive, and preferable to the
old style of pontunns, lighters and hull.
They have the further advantage of not
subjecting the ship to the strain which
forced air into the ship's compartments
would bring about. It is a lifting
process, in which the ship is entirely
passive, and it is simply a computa
tion of so many "jacks" to lift 5000 tons,
experience designating other details as
to size of chains, etc. No doubt about
it, the several Eastern wrecking com
panies will not miss the opportunity to
recover the Maine and return her to
her native country-
MAINE'S SEAMEN CRY
OUT FOR VENGEANCE.
Will Never Again Set Foot Upon
a Warship if Spain Is Not
Punished.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., Feb. 20.— A
special to the Times-Union and Citizen
from Key West says: Sailors of the
battle-ship Maine, suffering from
wounds in the Key West hospital, are
smarting over the delay of the Govern
ment in punishing what they term a
Spanish outrage. In their minds there
is no doubt as to the cause of the ex
plosion, and they explain the delay in
taking summary action by saying that
the President is morally certain there
was no accident, and, wishing to de
ceive the Spaniards with a feeling of
security, is using the short time to
make the necessary preparations to
enforce his ultimatum. If no action is
taken, they say, not a man among them
will again pace the deck of an Ameri
can man-of-war; buf* if business is
meant it would take a strong force to
keep them from hurrying to the front,
wounded though they are, to take a
hand in what they look upon as a per
sonal vengeance.
"We were warned not to go to Ha
vana," one said to-day, being told
that danger awaited us there. When
we got there, we were again told, and
It was a current rumor that the har
bor bottom was honeycombed with
mines. We first chose our anchorage
and rested there for several hours, but
the harbor master compelled us to
weigh and proceed to a mark marked
by a buoy. We were reviled on the
streets of Havana, sneered at until
our blood boiled and found out for
our own safety that it was necessary
to make our visits to the city in force.
No man dared to go alone. There was
no knowing what would happen to
him.
"The explosion itself is the best evi
dence that it was a mine or torpedo.
There were two sharp and distinct re
ports. The first was like a peal of
thunder close at hand — a sound as of
ripping parchment, a quick report, fol
lowed by a tremendous and awful roar,
and # then darkness and chaos, made
more horrible by the screams of dying
men, the fierce shouts of those ■who
were hemmed in to die by fire or by
drowning. The Spanish warship was
lying close at hand, and Morro Castle
was not a pistol shot away. Both have
searchlights, but none was turned upon
us to help the work of rescue, and, be
cause of the darkness, many brave men
who could have been rescued went
down to Davy Jones."
Spain's Cheerful View.
I : LONLON.Feb. 21.— The Madrid corre
spondent ? of ' ! the ; Standard 1 says: R^ The
Government is | now ■ convinced I that the
Maine • disaster, instead of < estranging,
will tend ' to ; improve "■ the ; relations ' be
tween. Spain and the United States. •• .
V
EXPLOSION WAS
NOT ON BOARD
Opinion of an Officer of
the Survey-Boat
Bache.
Cipher Code-Book and the Log
of the Maine Recovered
by Divers.
Friotion Between General Lee and
American Consuls Over Cuban
Relief Supplies.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
HAVANA. Feb. 20.—Lieutenant-Com
mander Barnett of the survey boat
Bache said to a correspondent of the
Associated Press to-day:
"You want the facts. I can tell you
there are 95 chances out of a hundred
that the investigation will show that
the forward magazine of the Maine did
not blow up first, if exploded at all,
and that it was not the cause of the
terrific consequences that followed.
The condition of the wreck when first
studied, and a later, careful scrutiny
make this an almost absolute cer
tainty."
Chaplain Chadwick has recovered
considerable sums of money, with let
ters and other personal property from
the bodies taken from the wreck. In
one case the initials can be seen on the
coat lining and may serve to identify
the body of the wearer, but the har
bor water is so filthy that the marks
are nearly illegible. Chaplain Chadwick
is one of the hardest worked officers
and upon him devolves some of the
most repulsive duties of the situation.
It is apparent that efficient work Is
not possible with the divers and ap
paratus at hand, and the arrival of ex
perts from the United States is anx
iously awaited. Father Power of the
Jesuits arrived yesterday from Tampa,
and immediately visited the Maine's
wounded in the hospital.
Some friction, it is stated, has oc
curred between Consul-General Lee and
the other United States Consuls in the
island over the distribution of funds
and supplies sent from the United
States for the reconcentrados. The
complaint is made that, though food
and money have been coming for sev
eral weeks, nothing has been distrib
uted outside of Havana province. Con
sul Barker of Sagua la Grande and
Consel Bryce of Matanzas, who came
here to learn the particulars of the
Maine explosion, left, it is said, with
out calling on the Consul-General. The
reason given was that they felt they
had not been treated fairly by the
Consul-General. Each expected aid for
his district from the American supplies,
but received none. The statement is
made that it is their Intention to ap
peal directly to the American State
Department and to ask that food be
consigned to them instead of the
Havana consulate.
The incident has caused some com
ment among the Americans here, who
regret it. Consul Bryce says he is sick
at the sights forced on him during the
last two years. He has reported the
facts of the case to "Washington and
believes his district entitled to share
immediately in the aid offered. Consul
Barker says that a few days ago he
found a man dead from want in the
market place of Sagua la Grande. The
Minister took up a collection, appealing
to all classes, but so great is the gen
eral impoverishment that It yielded
only $2 50. Both Consuls say this dis
tress must grow daily and that death
will keep pace with it unless relief is
afforded.
Consul - General Lee, when these
matters were brought to his attention,
replied that there was not the slightest
intention to neglect the reconcentrados
in the eastern provinces. He had de
puted much of the work of distribu
tion to Miss Clara Barton, who has the
confidence of all parties and who is al
most constantly at work in conjunction
with the special agent of the Consul-
General.
The lighthouse tender Mangrove, with
a court of inquiry and additional divers
and apparatus, is expected here to
morrow.
Neither Spanish nor Cuban divers
will be employed. To-day divers recov
ered the cipher code book, the log book
of the Maine and many official and pri
vate papers.
Requiem Service in Berlin.
BERLIN, Feb. 20 —United States Em
bassador White and the American colony
in Berlin were present at church to
day at a requiem service in honor of
the Maine. A commemorative discourse
was delivered by Rev. Mr. Dickie.
ALIENATING
THE LATIN
REPUBLICS
Work of Spanish Emissaries
in Central and South
America.
Have by Misrepresentation Created
Bitter Feeling Against the
United States Gov
ernment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Latin
American diplomats in Washington
have heard something about the report
cabled from London this morning to
the effect that Spain is endeavoring to
ally the countries of South and Central
America against the United States. One
of them told me that he had known
for some time that Spain had put forth
efforts in this direction, and expressed
surprise that the fact had not become
public before.
It is stated that Spain has agents in
all the-capitals of South American re
publics 1 solely for the purpose of in
citing unfriendly sentiments toward
this country. It is fu-*her stated that
they have so far succv.ded in their ef
forts that in case of war with Spain
Brazil, Mexico and Venezuela are the
only countries which could be depended
upon to give their moral and practical
support to the United States.
It is also said that the note of Secre
tary Olney on the Venezuelan question
was used as a great lever by Spain in
South America to stimulate this un
friendly feeling. In that note Mr. Olney
used an expression that indicated that
the United States would assume a pro
tectorate over the entire western hem
isphere. When this note became public
this particular phrase, it is said, was
emphasized in all South American capi
tals by Spanish Ministers as showing
the intention of this country to regard
southern republics as anything but in
dependent nations — that they were, in
fact, contemplating an actual protec
torate which would deprive those coun
tries of their individual standing before
the world.
There was, of course, no Intention of
conveying such meaning, but the let
ter and not the s-irit of the note was
dwelt upon. So determined was the
effort that in Rio Janeiro the Spanish
Minister, it is said, secured the co-op
eration of English and French Minis
ters in an endeavor to secure the send
ing of a formal protest to this coun
try against such an utterance.
There have been outcroppings of this
anti - American sentiment recently
which have escaped the observation of
diplomats who are interested in these
matters. For Instance, it is recalled
that the unfriendliness of Argentine
was very strongly evident as long ago
as the Pan-American conference, when
the declarations of her delegates called
forth a rebuke at one of the sessions.
It may be stated also that when Co
lombia and Ecuador had a disagree
ment • over their boundary they chose
the Queen of Spain as their £%>itrator.
and when Chile and Argentine settled
their last dispute the arbitrator was
again the Queen of Spain. ; It is a fact,
It is said, that the faces of South
Americans have turned toward Spain
instead of toward the United States.
m . ■
CITY OF BALTIMORE
AMPLY PROTECTED.
Fortifications, Mines and a Sub-
marine Craft Could Repel an
Attack.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Baltimore
special to the Herald says: Unusual
activity is manifested at various points
about the city where new fortifications
are being constructed. Those at Haw
kins and North Points are being rapid
ly hurried to completion. The former
i 8 fast assuming the proportions of a
modern fortress, with all the death
dealing machinery that makes up its
equipment. While it is not claimed
these two fortresses will make Balti
more impregnable, it Is firmly believed
when they are completed a foreign foe
would have a deciddely lively time of it
getting near enough to Baltimore to
do any harm. It is also proposed to
build a fort at Rock Point, at the
mouth of Rock Creek, and the Govern
ment has purchased 130 acres of land
there, but the work of building the for
tifications has not yet commenced.
The North Point fortifications are
about fourteen miles from Baltimore on
the old North Point road. It was
here that the historical battle of North
Point of the war of 1812 was fought
and the British vanquished. Three im
mense batteries will be placed and will
guard the starboard side of the ap
proach to the city. The fortifications
themselves are to cover several acres
and to be of solid masonry, covered
with earth.
Foreign warships of hostile nations
attempting to bombard Baltimore
would be obliged to follow the ship
channel and pass close to the forts.
In the face of the fire directed from
both North and Hawkins Points, to
gether with torpedoes and submarine
mines. It is not believed any warship
could remain afloat a half hour.
Orders have also been received by
the Columbian Iron Works to rush
with all speed work on the three ves
sels now building at the yard for the
United States navy. The orders from
Washington have caused a decided an
imation with the past twenty-four
hours at that always busy shipyard.
The sound of the hammer and the
buzz of the carpenters saw fill the
air. The works are now building the
submarine torpedo boat Plunger, a
twenty knot torpedo boat, and are re
placing the engines in the twenty-four
and one-half knot torpedo boat Rodgers
The Plunger, if necessary, might be
able to steal into any harbor unseen
to examine its bottom for submarine
mines and torpedoes, destroy them, if
ordered to do so, and depart unseen
The Plunger is a cigar-shaped steel
vessel, 95 feet long and 11 feet in diam
eter. Her buoyancy is almost overcome
by admitting water to the ballast
tanks, and a slight reserve buoyancy Ja
overcome by inclining the horizontal
rudders at the stern and driving the
engines forward, when the boat will
dive out of sight. She may come near
the surface and project a mirror above
the water, which reflects down into the
vessel, the position of any warship on
the surface.
In the bow of the Plunger are two
torpedo tubes. From tfiese torpedoes
can be sent out while th^ vessel is sub
merged, and, if they stride an enemy'!
hull, it will be the last o'" her.
The plunger is propelled by twin
screws. She gets the power from steam
over petroleum flames of electric stor
age batteries. She has steel cylinders
in which sufficient air may be stored
for a submerged run of twenty-four
hours.
The Rodger? is a surface torpedo
boat. She is driven by twin screws,
and has shown a speed of 25 knots an
hour. She has four torpedo expulsion
tubes on deck and three one-pound
rapid firing guns. She is propelled by
two sets of quadruple engines. On a
recent trial trip she wrecked one of
! her engines, and new machinery is now
I being substituted.
The twenty-knot torpedo boat is
! similar to the Rodgers in design, but is
smaller. She now has her hull plates
on deck laid.
It is understood here that Mayor Mal
ster. who is president of the Columbian
Iron Works, and who is now spending
his honeymoon in Florida, has been re
quested by the President to take a look
at the sunken warship Maine and sub
mit an opinion as to the condition of
the vessel. Several letters were re
ceived yesterday from the executive
addressed to the Mayor and marked
"important." They were at once for
warded to Florida.
PRESCOTT SENDS CASH
TO THE CUBAN JUNTA.
One Dollar for Each Victim of the
Maine Disaster in Havana
Harbor.
PRESCOTT, Feb. 20.— Prescott has
chosen its own way for an expression
of its sorrow at the sinking of the
Maine. There is on its way to New
York, addressed to the headquarters
of the Cuban junta, a draft for $258 —
$1 for every victim of the Maine dis
aster. The idea was that of Mayor
O'Neill, and the committee that col
lected the amount in a few hours was
headed by the local Catholic priest.
Captain Mahoney and Lieutenant
Cordier of the insurgent army are in
the city, and through their efforts a
score or more of well equipped Ari
zonians will soon leave to cast their
fortunes with the Cubans.
M .-- Deep black
'~^^^~^^±.' rings around the
\Jp^ eyes are not al-
' m tr»™ mr-.. \^ ways caused by
I How Many A dissipation, nor"
I 1/ Blaok Rings Have \1 by fast living. It
I You i He Had 3 I often happens
II You? He Had 3/1 tnat tne (Jeep
V Around His /# student has
«C Eyes, y4^ them. But even
3 _^r he is abusing na-
t ures gifts. Ex-
cess of \ any kind will S produce them.
When you see them very pronounced in
a man you % may , be \ sure : that he is a .
sufferer from debilitation. ': A ; man to "
all appearances — with this one ex-
ception — called on a well-known physi-
cian here a few days ago. Those who
saw him :at the ; hotel . saw nothing
wrong i with him except his sunken
eyes, and yet the fact was that he had
come "to get ; help, -If he ■ could, . for one
of : the f. most insidious . diseases in : the
world — manhood. '-* He : was no
longer able to perform the duties of a
man: he had become a weakling. Vlt
was •■ with no small degree of wonder
that his friends heard that he had gone
to a celebrated institute for help. But
no surprise was expressed, :>. he said,
when he .was seen by the physician
whom .he had come to consult. It is,
now ; known that he was treated for
nervous debility at the Hudsonian In-
stitute i with ': wonderful > success. " In a
week the eyes had assumed an alto-
gether different aspect. Two out of three
deep '. rings had disappeared, and there
was a very |* great improvement in his
general appear- * "-'..: I^^
ance. Whenspok- ■ '' -'^f^^^r^^^
:en- to about the m^^
matter he r said 1/ m. m ,_ \^
that -he : did not I v i ' m J* 9 \i
care so , much Ml Many Things \1
about the ap- II Easily Learned I
pearance of his ml «* _ ,- /■
eyes, but {he * felt V. mm ; Black M
twenty years .Rings. /m
i younger in ;a" few :-. *^^jr
days. : - '\- Manhood -
) returning.*" T ;; ;;i- : '
■At the junction of Market,
Stockton and Ellis streets there
is a big white building. It is the
Hudson Medical Institute, where
this man was so very success-
fully treated for debilitation. He
got the "Hudyan"remedio-treat-
ment, which is a specific for all
forms of nervous and general de-
bilitation. Circulars and testi-
monials about it are ; free to you
for the asking. It '•• has cured
20,000 men in America alone.
Ask for free advice from the
physicians when you write. Air
and sunshine cost no more. Write
for help. " 'SWAY OF
GAMBLERS
IN YOLO
Officers Corrupted by |
Men Who Defy
the Law.
"Sure Thing" Speculators
Secure in Their
Calling.
Supervisor Snyder Is Charged
With Having Accepted
a Bribe.
LAXITY OF AUTHORITIES.
How the Attempts to Check the Per
nicious Games Are Made
Futile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— T010 stands
before the State to-day in a most unen
viable light. One of the fairest and
richest counties of California presents
tbe spectacle of unrestricted gambling,
the practice being possible through of
ficial corruption, and directly against
the wishes of respectable people. To be
able to override the decent majority,
the gamblers have resorted to brib
ery. One result has been that the law
breaking element, driven from Sacra
mento, has but to cross the bridge to
Tolo and there unhindered and un
afraid, pursue its nefarious calling. An
other result is that the methods by
■which this disgraceful condition has
been brcught about have become so fla
grant that exposure is a simple duty.
By showing how the gamblers de
bauched the men who should have
been a restraint upon them, how they
have defied attempts to dislodge them
they may yet be driven to seek other
haunts. If a Board of Supervisors can
be owned by the adventurers who
Fac-Simile o? a Memorandum
Which Tells the Story of a
Proffered Bribe.
thrive on games of chance certainly
the fact is not one to be kept con- j
cealed.
For years Yolo County has harbored
crime, and by her silence seemed to
sanction open and notorious violation
of the laws of the State and the ordi
nances of her own enactment. Gam
bling of every kind has been and now
Is being carried on in the town of
Washington without the slightest en
deavor or pretense on the part of the
proper authorities to suppress it. In
deed, reports there is reason to believe
the unlawful vocations are not only
free from interference, but are a
source of profit to the pockets of some
of the very law officers who should
close the doors of the dens and open
the doors of the jail.
Stories of corruption in Yolo County
have become so numerous, the violation
BART W. CAVANAUGH, Leader of the Defeated
Faction of Gamblers.
The Building in Washington, Yolo County, Wherein Wholesale Gambling and
Pool-Selling Are Carried On.
of the law so open, the conduct of some
of the officials so notorious, that the
practice of bribe-giving and taking is
caried on with a freedom such as might
accompany the most harmless and
proper traffic in which men can engage.
Washington is a little hamlet which
nestles in the sands of the Yolo basin,
on the west bank of the Sacramento
River just opposite the capital city of
California, and connected by a bridge
which spans the stream. It is an un
pretentious little village, and the last
place on earth one would suspect to
find anything out of the usual run of
country towns. The citizens are good,
honest folk, most of them laborers who
depart from their homes early in the
morning and return at dusk. They are
so occupied that no time is theirs to
bother with the affairs of others or of
public concern.
Washington has for many years been
the dumping-ground for Sacramento's
surplus fund of vagrants and petty
outlaws. It was not, however, until
1887 that hie sporting fraternity took
to the little town as a shelter from the
exactions of Sacramento's periodical
onslaught on the professional gambler.
There are two cliques or factions
among the stake-players of Sacra
mento, and between them numerous lit
tle wars are waged. First one and then
the other will be in command of the
situation which permits or prohibits
gambling.
To enjoy the distinction and emolu
ments of the exclusive right to fleece
the "sucker" is the bone of every con
tention over which these opposing
knights of the green cloth contend.
Whether there are not enough of "good
things" to go around when all of the
dens are open, or whether from pure
selfishness and a greed for gain, there
has seldom been a time when trouble
was not brewing or in actual progress.
The leaders of the most recent contest
are Frank Daroux on one side, B. W.
Cavanaugh marshaling the forces of the
other. At present the former seems to
have just a bit the better of the situa
tion. But how long he may hold it de
pends upon contingencies which may
eventuate at any time.
A year or so ago when Cavanaugh
held the key to the situation, Mr. Da
roux conceived a grand coup d'etat.
The gamblers had been driven out of
Sacramento, ar.d the horde, headed by
Mr. Cavanaugh, took up their camp on
the other side of the river. They oper
ated for a time, when the news of the
passage of an ordinance forbidding
gambling flashed from Woodland to
Washington, and with the setting of
the sun that night came the evacuation
of the Cavanaugh forces from their
temporary abode.
The ordinance which brought con-
sternation and disbandment to the then
predominant faction was prepared, and
its introduction and passage secured by
Mr. Daroux.
Things have changed since then. Mr.
Daroux builded better than he knew,
for now when he has to move to Wash
ington the binding restrictions of his
own ordinance stare him in the face,
and he is to-day contributing to the
cost of what probably strikes him as
his own folly. The ordinance which
stands to the credit of Mr. Daroux on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
the records of Yolo County is in "words
and figures," as lawyers say, as fol
lows:
Ordinance No. 34.
I ordinance prohibiting persons
Dm engaging in selling pools or
okmaking or making bets or
tigers on horse-racing, wherein
oney cr other articles of value
c staked or pledged, or in plac-j
g of money for such purposes
r carriers, agents, brokers or
mmissioners.
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF THE
lty of Yolo, State of California, do ordain
I as follows:
I Section 1. No person within the limits of said
i Yolo County (except as hereinafter specified)
! upon any trial or contest of skill, speed or
po^ver of endurance between horses, shr.ll sell
1 any pool or pools, or make any book list or
j memorandum for cr on which money or other
! article of value as a stake or pledge upon th«?
: happening or non-happening of any event; or
; sell. Issue or dispose of any ticket, certificate
or other evidence of payment on which shall be
inscribed, written, marked or printed any num
: ber, name, word or mark or anything to desig
nate the choice selected, received or accepted
. by any other person to entitle or enable the
, said person holding the said ticket, certificate
or ether evidence of payment, to pain or lose
any contingent issue, or receive any money, or
any article of value, or anything representing
; money or any article of value, as a bet. wager
or hazard upon the event of any contest or con
tingent issue or as a stake or pledge between
'■ two or more parties, or to disburse the said
' money, or any portion of the said money or
i anything representing money or other article
' of value upon any representation or condl
1 tion. or In conformity to or with any express
; or tacit understanding or agreement or re
reive any money or article of value, or repre
j sentative" of money or article of value in any
1 capacity whatsoever, for the purpose of taking
or sending the same to any fair or race track
inclesure either within or without this State,
where such contest of skill, speed or power of
endurance has been or Is thereafter to be maile
or upon any horse engaged therein or con
nected therewith: provided, however, that
whenever there are any racing or speed contests
at the fair grounds and race track of the 1010
Agricultural Association, a corporation, the
I provisions of this ordinance shall not appjy
! within the inclosure of said grounds.
Sec 2 No person shall knowingly lease or
! rent or allow to be occupied or used any
j building, structure room, apartment, place or
i any premises whatever, for the purposes speci
: fled, mentioned and prohibited in section 1 of
this ordinance.
Sec 3. Any person violating any of the pro
visions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, upon conviction, shall be :
' fined not less than fifty dollars or more than <
two hundred dollars, or by imprisonment In .
I the county Jail not exceeding thirty days, or |
I by both such fine and imprisonment.
; This ordinance shall take effect and be in
i force on the 27th day of December, 1896
Adopted In regular session of said board this
j 9th day of December, 18%, by the following
X °Ay'es— D. F. Houx, chairman: J. G. Freder
1 icks. J. F. Griffin, John K. Sohuerley.
I Noes— None.
| Absent— Ezra Casselman.
Attest: G. L. DUNCAN, Clerk.
! Endorsed: Filed December 9 1896
G. L. DUNCAN, Clerk.
By GKORG^ BANKS, Deputy.
State of California,
County of Yolo.
I G L. Duncan, County Clerk of the County
of Yolo, and ex-officio clerk of the Superior
Court thereof, do hereby certify that the above
and foregoing Is a true, full and correct cppy
I of the original Ordinance No. S4, Yolo County,
I as tho same remains of record and on the In
! ""witness my hand and the Heal of said Su
i perior Court, this 9th day of December. A. D.
G. 1... DUNCAN, Clerk.
For any one to claim that this or
dinance is enforced would be most fool
! ish. Nothing could be more palpable
I than the existence, operation and dis
i play of various gambling devices in
this town of Washington.
If the string of men who pass over
I the railroad bridge every morning,
noon, afternoon, evening and night
would not be sufficient to satisfy the
most doubting mind, it would only be
necessary to follow these men to their
destination for proofs which would be
conclusive.
There are no sentinels, look-outs or
picket guards surrounding the bivouac
of gamblers on the Yolo side. Anybody
can enter at any time; 1 , no questions are
asked; no identification necessary; no
password, secret signal or ruse is es
sential. "Everything goes," and every
body is welcome to what they can get
out of it. It seems to be an approved
scheme to get whatever is in sight, and
if some of the Yolo County officials are
missing anything, they have been sadly
maligned by their most intimate con
freres.
A certain gentleman, intent upon
learning the modus operandl required
for an interrupted enjoyment of privi
leges given to the establishments al
ready doing busirress in Washington,
was Informed that the agent of the
combine resided in the city of Wood
land, and would no doubt give all of
the information necessary. He there
upon hied himself to Woodland, and
immediately sought out the gentleman
who was said to be the guardian of the
interests of those who exact contribu
tions from the gamblers at Washing
ton. Omitting the formalities of the
introduction, the following Is a correct
report of the conversation which took
place in the saloon of Abe Morris of
Woodland between the proprietor and
the one who intended opening a pool
room:
'Mr. Morris, I would like to open a
poolroom in the town of Washington,
but I understand that it cannot be done
until I have made some arrangement
wifh you."
"I do not know who referred you to
me," said Mr. Morris, "and I want you
to understand right here that T have
had nothing to do with this boodling
which has been going on in Washing
ton. lam made the custodian of
money given me by parties in Wood
land who want to play the races. I
place their money for, them, receive
my commission for it, and that is the
extent of my relations with the game
keepers of Washington."
When still urged upon the matter,
however, Mr. Morris somewhat contra
dicted his statement of non-interest.
j "In the first place," he said, "you will
I require no protection now, as the ordi
nance as it stands is no good. They
are going to try to pass a good one
next month when the board meets, but
I tell you now it won't be done. There
can be no convictions under the pres
ent ordinance, and you need have no
fear."
W r hen asked if it would be necessary
; to see the District Attorney about the
i matter, Morris replied: "If you should
• go to the District Attorney about it he
1 would spit in your face. He is cranky
ion the talk which Casselman has
i been making, and if you value thj
I enterprise you are about to engage in
! don't you go to the District Attorney.
I I look after these matters over here,
| and when Cassolman had a lot of
! them arrested I put up their bail, and
! bought Casselman off, and had the
cases dismissed. You go right on and
I open your game. You will not be
disturbed until the first of the month,
and then perhaps there would have to
; be some fixing done."
When asked about the Sheriff, Mor-
FRANK DAROUX, Chief of the Victorious Gambling
Clique.
ris replied: "He Is a good fellow and
easy to fix." The gentleman was then
introduced to the Sheriff who said in
reference to the starting of a new pool
room in the town of Washington: "I
am with the boys, and like to play
the game myself. You need have no
fear of my closing you out."
The last thing said by Mr. Morris to
the person making inquiries was: "You
go right on with your game. There will
be nothing done before the first of the
month, and if there is I will write to
you."
This conversation occurred in an open
barroom, and was distinctly overheard
by several persons.
While Mr. Morris may disclaim any
connection with the reported black
mailing of the gamblers now operating
in Washington, there are witnesses to
the fact that he came to Sacramento
on the 3d day of January, and in the
presence of Mr. Casselman made a de
mand for $50 a month on George- Vice,
who was then running a poolroom
there. The same demand was made of
George Green, who was interested in
the same establishment. Mr. Feather
stone overheard the demand, and so did
Ezra Casselman, ex-Supervisor of Yolo
County. Mr. Casselman is indignant at
the manner in which his name was usLd
by Morris, and does not hesitate to spe
cifically deny the allegation and relate
additional facts of interest. He was
questioned at length, questions and re
plies being recorded. They are as fol
lows:
Q.— Do you know Abe Morris of Wood
land? A.— l do.
Q.— Did you see Mr. Morris in the town
of Washington on the 13th of January?
A.— l did.
Q.— Who, if any one, accompanied him?
A.— Well, the first clay— this was on
Wednesday— l met him, and he was
alone. Thursday he was with the deputy
sheriff, Dick Brown.
Q.— Do you know what business he was
on? A.— Well, I says to him: "Do you
want to jump on these fellows before they
get started in? Do you want the earth
with a fence around it?" He never
made any reply.
Q.— Did you see him after that? A.—
Yes, I saw him on Wednesday. He was
talking with George Green, a poolseller—
poolmarker.
Q.— Did you see him again that day?
A.— No. I agreed to meet him at 4 o'clock,
and I kept away from him until I went
down to the train— and there who should
I meet but him. I talked to him about
ten minutes.
q —What did he say? A.— He says to
me- "Why don't you come in and see me
instead of running by?" He says: "I
can fix these things for you."
q —Do you know what he meant by
"these things?" A.— Of course I know
what he meant— the poolroom business.
He meant instead of serving a warrant
to come to him and he would fix things.
The next day the deputy sheriff came
back. I met him. I says: "What do you
want— the earth with a fence around it
bringing the Sheriff over here?"
Q.— Did they make any reply? A.— Never
said a word. I am a little ahead of my
story. I came over to Sacramento and I
goes to Seventh and K. I goes into
George Vice's room. I won't swear
whether they were selling pools or not,
for I don't know, and he called me to one
side and says: "That of a Jew
was over here and struck me for $50; he
says, 'I have got to have $50 a month.' "
I says: "If you give him $50 or 50 cents
Q.— How long have you lived In Tolo
County? A.— l lived in Yolo County from
'76 to '81. I sold out over here to Bart
Cavanaugh and moved over there and
bought the ranch in the fall of '88, and
stayed there, and I am there yet.
Q. — What official position, if any, have
you held in the county of Yolo? A.—Su
pervisor. _
Q.— More than one term? A.— One term;
from '92 to "97.
Q.— During your term as Supervisor did
any matter come up pertaining to the
proposition of gambling going on in
Washington? A.— Frank Baker came to
me in the afternoon. He says; "Castle
man, how about this ordinance?" I says:
"I have got to get away this evening to
Sacramento and I won't be back until to
morrow noon." I says: "Don't do any
thing with it until I come back— show
some respect to me, give me a voice in the
matter." He says: "All right." When I
came to Sacramento, the next morning I
got a telephone from certain parties there
that they had passed it over my head. I
was so hostile I went over there and
locked the door and "burned" thera up; I
told them what I thought of them. I
went out and met the Sheriff and gave
him h— l. That settled it.
Q.— That ordinance was passed, howev
er, in 1596? A.— December, 1896. You can
see it there. I think it is the 7th or the
9th.
Q.— How long after that was it before
you were succeeded as Supervisor from
that district? A.— Why, January Ist.
Q.— Who succeeded you? A.— Tom Sny
der.
Q.— Did you ever hear a conversation
with Mr. Snyder concerning the repeal of
this ordinance? A.— Yes.
Q.— When and where? A.— lt was on
the 2d of January. 1898— no, hold on— on
the 2d of December, 1897.
Q._What did he say? A.— He says to
George Todhunter— he says: "That ordi
nance will be repealed to-morrow night
before 5 o'clock," that is, Monday; they
met on Monday. He says: "It will be re
pealed to-morrow night before 5 o'clock."
They were hinting at me.
Q._ Was an endeavor made to repeal
that ordinance? A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— Did they succeed or not? A.— They
did not succeed.
Q._What feeling, if any, is there among
the people of Washington about the pres
ent state of affairs— of allowing all these
games to run? A.— They don't want it.
Now, here the oth^r night there were six
teen or seventeen boys about 15 years old
there. They are there every afternoon,
you might say. They come from here.
They chip in 5 cents and get two bits,
and have somebody get a pool for them.
There is a big feeling against it.
Q.— Did you ever take any steps toward
an endeavor to have this ordinance en
forced? A.— l did.
Q.— What were those steps? A. — I went
and had five of them arrested.
Q.— Do you remember who they were?
A.— Yes. Brown, George Rider, Walter
Duffy, Flannagan, and the other fellow,
I don't know.
Q.— What became of the trial of the
case, and of the complaint. A.— Well, the
trial of the case— l put It off for a while, |
you know. And then I wrote to the Dis- |
triot Attorney that I wanted to proceed
with this case. I got no answer. I wrote j
again, and got no answer. I wrote a third
time, and kept a copy of the letter— l ,
wrote a very sharp letter— and got an
answer. He said he had been very busy
been down to Clarksburg on that mur
der trial, and would attend to it when
he came back. I didn't wait. I went over
asd had the case set myself, for last
month. And I went then and saw the I
District Attorney before the case came i
to trial— the clay before— and he says: "I I
do not think the ordinance is any good. I
don't think you can convict those fel
lows. I think the ordinance is unconsti- I
tutional." Then, I says. "If you can't
convict them, it -is no use going on, be- ,
cause it is only putting me to expense i
and everybody else." So he says: "Let's j
wait." I didn't wait. I went and dis
missed the case myself.
Q.— The case was dismissed by you?
A.-Yes.
Q.— Did you ever have any talk with
Abe Morris about the dismissal of the
case? A. — No.
Q.— Did you ever have any talk with j
Abe Morris about endeavoring to secure |
a dismissal of this case through you? !
A.— No. sir. never. I never went into Abe
Morris house until after the case was
dismissed— never been in his house for
two years.
Q._Before you dismissed these cases
did you have a talk with Supervisor Sni
der regarding them? A.— Yes.
q. —Where was that conversation held,
and what did he say? A.— Why, it was
all the way coming down on the train
from Woodland, from Davisville to Sac
ramento, and in Davisville he kept me j
half an hour between the two streets.
q —What did he say? A.— He told me j
that he would grive me anything that I
wanted. He says: "Castleman. I have ;
got a quarter interest in the poolroom,"
and that he had a man there watching
his interest— Walter Duffy— and it didn't
cost him a cent. He was in with Johnnie
Jimerson and Frank Todhunter. And he j
says- "I am going to rent 1000 acres, and
I can run that ranch from that interest I
and I won't be out a cent. Now," he
says "If you will quit I will give you
anything In the world you want."
q— Did you ever have any other con
versation "with him? A.— Yes, several j
times He came to me, and he says:
"George Rider wants to see you. ' But I
never went near George Rider: never
snoke to George Rider— not since this
thine started— until after I dismissed the
case I met him on Third and I.
C o -When did he have this talk with
you over there in Yolo? A.-The 24th day
of November, 1897.
q —Did you see Mr. Snyder In the
depot in Sacramento on the 3d day of
January? A.— l did.
Q._Who was he with? A.— George
Q— State what happened. If anything, j
A —I was in a car, and looking out of a
window, saw George Rider hand him
some money.
q._ what kind of money was it? A.—
Paper money— bills.
Q.— Did Mr. Snyder afterward come In
the car? A.— Yes.
Q.— What, if anything, did he say to
you? A.— He says to me: "Where are
you going?" I says I wasn't going any
where. I was just going to get Jimmie
to take a letter over to Davisvllle for a
friend of mine. He says: "Come on and
go to Woodland." I says, "I haven't got
a suitable coat and hat." He says, "Go
and get them and come on. I will pay
your expenses." I says, "All right." and
I got my coat and hat. We were sitting
there, and he says: "Dang it, I am not
used to handling this paper money."
I says, "It ain't your money. I
saw George Rider give it to you."
Q.— Did you have a talk with Ed Curry
on the 22d of November, 1897? A.— l did.
Q. — Did you make a memorandum of
that conversation? A.— l did, sir. It is
right there. I took it down. I will read
it:
"Ed Curry said in the pres
ence oil. It. Lovdal, 11. Cham,
berland, County Assessor
Henry Lee and myself that T.
C.' Snyder ofl'ered him £100 to
quit prosecuting the gamblers.
Conversation took place in
front ofßuckinshamN store."
When I went to the Sheriff's office to see
about the serving of these warrants in
the case I had endeavored to prosecute, I
gave particular orders to have the war
rants served that afternoon, which was
Friday afternoon. They had plenty of
time to serve them, but they were not
served until the following Monday.
Q.— Did you ever hear anything about
an endeavor being made to repeal this or
dinance? A.— Yes. Coming from San
Francisco — Tom Lovdal and three of the
Supervisors had been down there — Fred
ericks, Griffin and Snyder. Lovdal says to
me: "They are going to repeal that ordi
nance next meeting." I says: "Never in
your life." He says: "Yes, they told me
coming on the train they were going to
repeal that ordinance whenever they
met." I says: "They won't now." When
he told me this I slips to Woodland. I
sees a certain party there. I told him so
and so. He says: "That is all off— l will
head him off." It was Ed E. Leake I
saw, and he said: "No, that thing must
not be done. The people won't have it
here." He says: "I will not allow it; it
must not be done. That ordinance must
remain standing there."
Tom Lovdal told me that Abe Morris
had received $250 for securing the repeal
of the ordinance. He was to distribute
that to the Supervisors. I afterwards
saw Tom Snyder and told him that I had
heard that Abe Morris had received $250
for the repeal of the ordinance; and then
he says: "The has got to pay it
back." I says: "Didn't you get any of
it?" He says: "No"— he says— "He has
got to pay it back."
Q.— The games are now running in the
town of Washington? A.— Just the same.
Q.— Do you know whether or not they
are paying for the privilege? A.— Well,
all I know is what Snyder told me— that
he was getting a quarter interest in the
poolroom, if he would let them run. He
had a man there watching; it would not
cost him a cent; he would have enough to
run his interest in a thousand acres of
land.
Thus stand affairs in the town of
Washington, county of Yo-10, open defi
ance of law, other corruption almost
as open. And what is to be done about
it?
FRENCH ENCROACHING ON
BRITISH TERRITORY.
Sultan of Sokoto Calls a Halt About
Forty Miles From His
Capital.
AKASSA, Niger Coast Protectorate,
West Africa, Feb. 20.— Intelligence has
arrived here that two French expeditions
are advancing toward Sokoto, capital of
the Sultanate of Sokoto, on the Sokoto
River, in the extreme north of the Haus
sau States, and that six French officers,
with a force of 200 men, have arrived at
Argungu (Argunhi) and Taga. The for
mer town is an important point on the
Sokoto River, about half way from the
Sultan's capital and the River Niger, and
is within the British sphere.
The Sultan of Sokoto had commanded
the French force to halt about forty miles
from the capital. The Royal Niger Com
pany's representatives, Deputy Agent
William Wallace, is holding the com
pany's force, with ammunition and stores,
in readiness, and is awaiting instructions
to assist tho Sultan of Sokoto and to se
cure French evacuation of British terri
tory.
Consecrated a Bishop at Pekin.
PEKIN, Feb. 20.— Pere Favier, head of
the Roman Catholic missions in China,
and a resident here of thirty years stand
ing, was to-day consecrated Bishop in
the cathedral with great ceremony. The
Chinese declare that this was owing to
direct representations made by the Em
peror to the Vatican.
Mining Company Organized.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 20.— The Norman
Mining and Milling Company of San
Francisco, with operations in Alaska, has
organized under the laws of Arizona. Its
capital stock is $100,000, and the incorpor
ators are Anson Hilton. H. L. Wilson, A.
J. Kennedy, W. T. Egan and Samuel Me-
Call.
The intrinsic value of one penny is
less than a farthing.
3000COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCX
BACK ACHE,
f% Lame Back, Railroad
YX Back, Stitch in Back,
I ) Lumbago and
(kkm All Back Troubles
I Are Instantly Relieved by
Dr. Sanden' s Electric Belt
Its soothing, warming, invigorating current penetrates
the weakened tissues, sends the life-blood bounding through
your veins, relieves the pain, takes out the soreness, warms,
tones aud gives strength, re-enforces nature and cures
permanently.
"I was all broken down with a complication of ailments when I got your Belt.
After wearing it awhile I began to feel an improvement and now I feel like a new
man altogether. I have seen the time when I would not take $1000 for it and been
without it, but I don't need it any more. It is about as powerful now as when I
got it in June, 1893. I shall always speak a good word for your Belt." W. E.
FUItBEY, 20 Blame St.. Santa Crux, Cal., January 22, 1898.
It is worn while you sleep and can be regulated.
Read about it in the little book, "Three Classes of Men"
free by mail or at the office. A physician's advice free at
the office.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., •" ""tfi^fcarS 1 - f^cco.
Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Anples. C»l..
204 South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington st; Denver, Col., 931 Sixteenth
St.; Dallas. Tex., 285 Main «t. „ ..^^^•c.fr.
NOTE-Make no mistake in the number— 63o MARKET STREET.
XX>OOOOOOC)OOOOOOO0OOOOOO0OO<0OOOOO0OOOOOOOC)00O0000(
MAD BULL
AND GIANT
IN A DUEL
Romulus, the Italian
Athlete, Meets
Defeat.
Pits His Strength Against
That of a Ferocious
Beast.
Compelled to Yield After a
Combat of Two Hours'
Duration.
THRICE TOSSED IN AIR.
Attributes His Failure to the Shortness ,
of His Brute Antagonist's
Horns.
Special Dispatch to The Call. " " "*
EL PASO, Texas, Feb. 20.— 1n th*
presence of 2000 spectators at the Plaza
de Torres in the City of Juarez, Mexico,
this afternoon Romulus, the Italian
athlete, pitted his strength against a
ferocious bull in imitation of Ursur,
the Lygian, as described so graphically
in Henryk Sienkiewicz's popular "Quo
Vadis." The combat between the Ital
ian and the beast lasted fully two
hours and resulted in a victory for the
bull. The animal was selected with
great care by the authorities of the
Mexican town and was of the short--horn
variety. The same bull had previously
appeared in the ring in a combat with
Spanish bull-fighters and was, as a
consequence, a fierce antagonist. It is a
rule of bull-fighters not to fight the
same bull twice, as the animal is al
ways rendered more alert and danger
ous by his first experience.
Romulus entered the ring clad only In
pink tights. He was accompanied by
two banderillos, whose mission was to
distract the attention of the bull while
the athlete endeavored to seize the ani
mal's horns. The bull showed great
spirit and activity and charged repeat
edly. The giant approached warily,
guarding himself with a red cloth in
imitation of a banderillo. The efforts
of the athlete were directed toward
catching the horns of the beast as he
raised his head after making a charge.
Man and beast harassed one another
for an hour, while the gladiator was
endeavoring to find an opening. Per
spiration poured from Romulus, and
the bull was frothing at the mouth.
Finally, at a favorable moment, the
athlete clinched hold of the horns of
the bull. In the twinkling of an eye
the powerful man struck the sand of
the arena head first, fifteen feet away,
while the populace gave vent to a howl
of delight. The bull charged at the
prostrate man, but the banderillos in
terfered. Twice more was Romulus
flung through space, and once the bull's
horn grazed his cap. The blow ended
the exhibition and the man limped from
the ring, exhausted and badly bruised.
Then the wild rabble, composed of
Mexican peons, shouted itself hoarse.
A cow roper, on foot, rushed forward
with a lariat. The bull was infuriated
at the sight of him. He hurled himself
with fearful velocity at the cowboy,
struck him heavily and trampled him
to the earth. The banderillos saved the
man. Finally the bull was caught and
hauled from the ring.
Romulus, the strong man, whose
muscular development Is wonderful,
said after the performance that he had
often in private matched his strength
against that of a bull, and on every oc
casion had succeeded in downing the
animal. He attributed his failure this
afternoon to the fact that the bull had
short horns, which were extremely dif
ficult to catch.
56
MONDAY FEBRUARY 21, iBqJ
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICAtToN OPPICE Market and Third Sts, S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson ttreet
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In this city ond surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL Or>« year, by man. $1.53
OAKLAND OFFICE.." 903 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OPFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rlftft« Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay
eperj until 9:30 o'clock 339 Hayes street; open until
6:30 o'clock- 6£l MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
c'elocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
I o'clocK- £518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
IC€ Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cperj until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-tecond
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— The Bostonlans.
California— Blaci Pattt Troubadours.
Columbia— - Shall We Forgive Her."
Alcazar— "Chßrley's Aunt.
Morosco's — "The Last Stroke-"
Tlvoli— "The Vice-Admiral" ■
Tlvoli— Concert Thursday afternoon.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets-Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilloii-Minlnsr Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clnb- Races at Inyleslde to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton & Eldrldge-Thlsday. February 21, Turkish Rugs,
at 625 Sutter street at 2:30 and S P. M.
By Frank W. ButterfieJd - This day, February 21. Groceries.
nCS3O Fourth street, at 11 o clock.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— This day, February 21, Turkish
Bugs, at 116 sutter street, at 2 p. m.
By Emll Cohn-Thls day. February 21. Stationery, at 713 Sut-
ter etreet. at 11 o'clock.
By Madison & Burke-Thursday March 3, Real Estate, at 626
Market street, at 12 o clock.
By Yon Rheln & Co.— Thursday, February 24, Real Estate, at
636 Market strt-et, at II o clock.
c CLOUDLESS COMMERCIAL SKY.
r~* OMMERCIAL reports from the East all say
I that favorable conditions dominate trade at the
moment. Not even the Maine disaster has
checked the upward course of business, except on the
New York Stock Exchange, where, of course, it un
settled speculation, as was to have been anticipated.
All the prominent staples show a hardening tendency
and it is mentioned as a noteworthy fact that com
pared with a week ago not a single one shows a de
cline, while some have advanced. Conspicuous in
this latter exhibit is the iron and steel trade, of which
it is reported that in the Central West 90 per cent of
the pigiron furnaces are in full blast. All over the
country there is a marked increase in the demand for
drygoods and groceries, which indicates the arrival
of the spring call for goods. In the South the de
mand for cotton, sugar and rice is steadily growing,
and collections in this section are becoming easier
in consequence. The failures last week were 269,
against 325 for the same week last year. The bank
clearings of the country increased 52.3 per cent over
1897, and no important city showed a decrease of any
consequence. Wheat and its dependent cereals,
metals, notably steel billets, copper, lead and tin, and
a long line of merchandise articles are higher in
price than a week ago, and the prospects for a further
advance are good. Exports of cereals continue to
increase. The shipments of wheat, including flour,
for the week were 3.932,744 bushels, as against 2,120,
000 bushels last year, 3,149,000 bushels in 1896 and
1,808,000 bushels in 1895. The bulk of this increase
is chargeable to large flour exports.
It is interesting to note the utter failure of the
Maine incident to affect our internal or foreign trade.
We go right on buying and selling and manufactur
ing as if it had never occurred. On 'Change, as well
as on the street, but little is heard about it from the
business point of view. The lesson conveyed by this
apparent indifference is in the highest degree lauda
tory of the temper of the American people, the per
manence and stability of their form of Government
and their unshakable confidence in the nation to take
care of itself at all times and under all circumstances
against the whole world, if necessary. In almost any
other country a similar occurrence would produce an
immediate depression of business; in the United
States it has not yet caused even a ripple on the
smooth commercial stream. A people of such a tem
per and such confidence in their power and readiness
to uphold their national honor are unconquerable.
Of such mettle are made the nations which endure
when others decay and pass into oblivion.
The local markets are characterized by strength as
a rule. Wheat rules firm. Barley is steadily ad
vancing, owing to the deficiency in rainfall, and hay
has again gone up. Beans are beingbought up in large
quantities by speculators, and prices are gradually
advancing. Provisions are still more active than
ever before at this time of the year, and whenever a
change occurs it is in the direction of higher prices.
Hogs are getting scarce, and there was a marked ad
vance on Saturday. Mutton is also tending upward.
Beef is steady at the good prices. Hides and leather
are as firm as ever, and every few days a further small
rise in quotations is noted. Dried fruits and raisins
are still neglected at unchanged prices. In merchan
dise there is less call for coal owing to the warmer
weather, more activity in coffee, a sharp demand for
mining machinery and hardware, a weaker feeling in
quicksilver owing to its diminished use in the differ
ent industries, and an advance in coal oil, gasoline
and naphtha. Merchandise dealers report a first
rate movement in almost all lines. Collections are
average and credits are easier than for several years,
there being less disposition to curtail accommodation
to customers. The latter condition is one of the re
sults of better times.
The above points cover the main features of trade
at present. It will be seen that there is no decrease
in the tide of prosperity now in full flow all over the
country, nor from current indications is there any
particular reason to fear that the tide will ebb in the
near future.
Lady Murray proposes to establish a Home of
Rest for Needy Journalists in England. It is not
clear how she can manage to get it filled. The jour
nalist as known in this country is never needy, and
regards rest as a hardship to be avoided.
Because the police occasionally make unwarranted
arrests and get corrected for it is no reason why they
should neglect to gather in the burglar and robber.
At last the annexationists announce that they have
abandoned hope. This is the first evidence of sound
judgment they have displayed yet.
IN MEMORIfIM.
IN memory of the brave men who went down with
the Maine in that fearful catastrophe at Havana
the State and the people of California will fly their
flags at half-mast to-day. This public manifestation
of sorrow will not be a perfunctory ceremony.
Rarely has any widespread community been more uni
versally or more profoundly affected than ours has
been over this dread calamity, which, whether caused
by accident or by treachery, is one of the most
startling that ever befell a nation in time of peace.
It is no idle sorrow that stirs the American people
in this tragedy. Deep as the feeling of grief itself is
the stern resolution of the nation that the cause of
the disaster shall be sought out with the most scrutin
izing care and avenged if vengeance be called for.
Out of the incident will" come a new departure in the
course of our dealings with Spain. A great people
aroused by so fierce a shock as this will not hesitate
and wait indefinitely until a procrastinating diplo
macy can put the issue by. All our controversies
with Spain have been suddenly and startlingly forced
to the front by the explosion that wrecked the Maine,
and it is now the universal judgment of the people
that some settlement of them should be reached with
out further dallying or delay.
The United States has shown a most considerate
regard for the weakness and internal troubles of
Spain. Her offenses against the United States have
been palliated and condoned again and again. No
administration has sent to her an ultimatum short,
sharp and decisive like that which called Great
Britain to an abrupt halt in her aggressions on
Venezuela. What we would not tolerate in the
greatest naval power on the globe we have permitted
to Spain. We have shown this long patience because
of the weakness of the opponent, but to continue it
would be to show weakness on our part by practicing
a patience that had ceased to be a virtue.
Spain has been given ample time to settle the
troubles in Cuba either by granting the demands of
the patriots or by establishing peace through the
force of her arms. Nothing, however, has been ac
complished. The Spanish rulers have neither had the
wisdom to submit wisely to that which they could not
overcome nor the strength to master that to which
they are unwilling to submit. Lacking the states
manship required to recognize the inevitable and the
military skill necessary to compel obedience, they
have kept this American island in a continuous dis
turbance for years and threaten to destroy its civili
zation altogether if something is not done to pre
vent.
These facts have been known for years, and the
American people have regarded them with impa
tience. The catastrophe at Havana has merely roused
to swifter action a public sentiment long since
formed. The Maine, therefore, has not gone to
wreck in vain, nor have her sailors perished without
Tendering service to their country. They have roused
patriotic resolution to the point of action, and the
flags at half-mast to-day will attest not only a public
sorrow for the dead, but a national resolve to adopt
toward Spain and Cuba a policy that will be more in
accord with the true greatness of the republic than
has been that of the past.
THE PROFITS OF AN EXPOSITION.
CORDIAL voices of approval have come from
all parts of the Great West in response to the
suggestion of The Call that the year 1900 be
marked on this coast by an exposition in San Fran
cisco of the first magnitude. So many officials of
high rank, including the Governors of several States,
and so many leaders of great industries have in
dorsed the proposal and given promise of aid that the
movement may be said to be virtually under way, and
the duty of the time is to keep it moving and get the
project as speedily as possible into definite form and
shape.
Last year an Austrian statistician made public a
careful study of the results of all important exposi
tions that had been held up to that time in Europe
and America. The figures cited in the study showed
that with but one exception all expositions of suffi
cient merit and importance to attract general atten
tion had proven successful from every point of view,
and even the one excepted was successful when con
sidered as a means of instructing the people in arts
and industry and developing foreign commerce.
The conclusion drawn from this comprehensive
study of the subject was that all well managed ex
positions are good business ventures. They awakec
the energies of the people, stimulate industry, spread
abroad a knowledge of the advancement made in the
arts of civilization, arouse emulation and encourage
trade and commerce in a thousand ways. The effect
of novelty in exciting the mind and increasing the
activity of the intellect is well known, and no ex
position which draws exhibits from a wide area of
territory ever fails to furnish to each visitor some
novelty of sufficient interest to awaken in him a de
sire for improvement and advancement.
An increase of desire causes an increase of con
sumption, and that in turn increases production to
meet the demand. When money circulates the mill
wheels go round. If San Francisco can draw to the
Pacific Coast a considerable number of people to see
a grand exposition of the resources and industries of
the region she will to that extent benefit the whole
legion, for with a greater knowledge of the products
of the coast and of the advantages offered here for
home seekers and investors there will surely come a
greater demand for them and a consequent profit to
all.
In an interview commending the proposed expo
sition W. H. Mills stated that California had ex
pended about $700,000 to make an exhibit at the
Columbian Exposition at Chicago, but that $5,000,
000 would be a low estimate of the amount spent by
Californians in visiting the fair. Thus the sum we
paid out to see the fair was nearly ten times greater
than that required to make our exhibit at it. It is
therefore an economy to hold expositions at home
instead of visiting those abroad. As Mr. Mills has
said, "If an attractive exposition were projected and
proved a financial failure it would not cost this com
monwealth anything like the sums which will be
expended in attending expositions elsewhere."
Upon whatsoever ground considered the proposed
enterprise is one that commends itself to the judg
ment of progressive business men. As has been
pointed out by M. H. de Young, the very fact that
within fifty years from the date of its occupation by
Americans California has been made to produce an
income of $250,000,000 in one year is one to which
we may with pride call the attention of the entire
country. In this superb record the whole of the
Great West has a share, and it is well assured that if
San Francisco and California go forward promptly
with the enterprise the other States of this rapidly
growing region of the Union will unite with her to
make it a genuine triumph and share with her the
profits arising from it
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
AS was foreseen and announced yesterday, the
enterprise of The Call in running special
trains to deliver the news in response to the
demand of popular excitement over the destruction
of the Maine has forced our morning contemporaries
in this city to follow our example. Thus even that
portion of the public that does not read The Call
has benefited by its zeal in the service of journalism
and gets the news more promptly because of the
lead The Call has given to its rivals.
It goes without saying our contemporaries will
loudly boast of their enterprise in this matter, nor
can they be wholly condemned for so doing, since
it requires unwonted energy on their part to keep up
with The Call's leadership. They have in this in
stance acted with some vigor, being only two days
later than The Call in providing the special service
of trains to carry the news to the eager readers
throughout the State. This is a subject of just con
gratulation on the part of the public, for as all per
sons cannot be expected to read The Call it is grati
fying that the other morning papers of the city have
been roused up to circulate their editions more
rapidly in all parts of the State.
In the meantime The Call goes ahead with its own
task of providing California with the best and
promptest newspaper service the State has ever had.
It sends out special trains not for the purpose of ad
vertising itself, nor for the purpose of engaging in
journalistic rivalry, but in response to a legitimate
demand of the people for that kind of service at this
time.
The situation of our Government in relation to
Spain is critical. No one can as yet foresee the out
come. Every patriot necessarily feels an intense in
terest in the crisis, and all who desire to have an in
telligent comprehension of national affairs are eager
to learn as speedily as possible each item of news,
each succeeding event and every additional piece of
information concerning this momentous issue. To
supply that information is the duty of a newspaper,
and The Call, by its bulletins, and its special trains
to Monterey, San Jose, Marysville, Sacramento,
Woodland. Ukiah, Fresno and all intermediate
points, is performing a service which the people
have a right to expect of it and which they may
count on, not only in this emergency, but in every
other that may arise.
Whenever there is need for special trains or
special bulletins to keep the public posted on the de
velopment of events which rightly engage the atten
tion of the people to so great an extent, The Call
will furnish them. We get the news first, we get it
the most accurately, and it is our determination that
the readers of The Call shall have the same advan
tage and receive it before the readers of any other
paper en the coast.
• ASTERN papers announce that several of the
large macaroni manufacturers of the country
■— » are arranging to consolidate that industry on
lines similar to those adopted by other large manu
facturing combinations. It is not to be a "trust" in
restraint of trade, but an association for the pro
motion of industry. Such is the statement of one of
the chief promoters.
The effort to bring about the combination is said
to have been started last November by a number of
Western manufacturers of macaroni, but at present
the center of the movement is New York, and the
steps there taken to effect the object have excited so
much interest it has been found advisable to give the
public a good deal of information concerning the in
dustry and its prospects.
According to statements made in an interview by
one of the leading promoters of the scheme, the
American people consume about 10,000,000 pounds
of macaroni every year. About half of this is either
made by Italians in this country or is imported al
most exclusively for the Italian trade. It is asserted
that the Italian residents of the country consume
virtually all of this class of macaroni, whether made
here or imported, as it does not suit the American
taste at all.
Of the remaining 5,000.000 pounds of macaroni
consumed in the United States upward of 75 per cent
is manufactured here and the rest imported from
France. The Italian product does not compete with
the American article, but the French does, as it is
of a similar quality and is equally agreeable to Amer
ican taste. The duty on the imported goods barely
covers the difference in the price of labor between
France and the United States, and as a consequence
profits are small. Hence the need of combination.
The new proposal is interesting mainly as another
evidence of the universal drift toward combinations
wherever combinations are possible. According to
the promoters it will tend to decrease rather than
increase the price of macaroni, as it will enable the
industry to be carried on more economically. There
is, however, one danger point in the proposition as
stated by its advocates. The combination as designed
is to include only the larger manufacturers. This
sounds suspiciously like a movement toward a freeze
out of the small men, and if the suspicion should
prove true the combination will not be regarded with
favor by the general public.
Thoughtfully an evening paper calls attention to the
fact that the Maine went into Havana harbor with
decks cleared for action and that the Vizcaya entered
New York harbor with the sound of music and dan
cing. Well, each knew where it was going. The
Maine was promptly destroyed. The Vizcaya was
met with every courtesy and surrounded at once by
the protection of army, navy and police. Will the
friends of Spain kindly call attention to something
else?
The Mission outcry against the establishment of a
monkey ranch in its midst is loud enough so the
advocates of the scheme can't misunderstand it.
Apparently this is not a good year for monkeys.
Probably the Supervisors were not surprised at the
Grand Jury's information that prize-fights are illegal.
The Supervisors have a faculty of not caring whether
things are legal or not.
The doctors who announce that they have dis
covered a cure for pneumonia better be careful. They
may belong to some medical society and be inviting
expulsion.
AMERICANS ARE BORN STRATEGISTS.
With reference to the declaration of Representative
McClellan of New York, son of "Little Mac," that the
army is entirely unprepared for war and that not a
single plan of campaign is in existence, the Philadel
phia Record reassures the nation as follows: "Has
the Representative forgotten that Americans are
born strategists, and that at the first hostile shot the
newspapers of the country would fairly reek with
war maps? In the Civil War it was the editors who
planned the 'On to Richmond* campaign and the
press has developed wonderfully in both military
and naval tactics since then."
FOLLOWING THE COLL.
A MACARONI COMBINE.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS,
BY A MODEST CRITIC.
The calamity In Havana harbor has
awakened a somewhat dormant public
opinion touching Cuba. With it I have
no sympathy. If there were no cause
for interference in Cuban affairs before
the bewailable disaster to the Maine
there is none now. It is to-day quite
impossible to say, and the probabilities
are that we shall never accurately
know, just what caused the loss to the
nation of a warship and hundreds of
valuable lives. At the same time the
opportunity to express "opinion" has
naturally been grasped by the various
stuffed admirals, vice-admirals, cap
tains and commanders that decorate
newspaper offices. Happily this paper
has no such clown. Such a volume of
unintelligence on any one subject has
surely never got so great publicity in
so short a time. The piece de resistance
possibly has been supplied by the Bul
letin, whose anility is daily more con-
spicuous — no matter what is on the
tapis. This is its opening editorial sen
tence: "The fact that the battleship
Maine was blown up in the harbor of
Havana will cause many people to sur
mise, if not believe, if there was not
some design in what may have been a
disaster." The loss of the Maine was a
very distinct disaster; one that makes
a mark, and a mark which may (though
it is hoped not) be dyed an indelible
red.
It is improbable that the ship was
damaged either by what is commonly
(but somewhat erroneously) termed an
anchored torpedo, or a submarine mine.
From many considerations this state
ment is made. To begin with, ships are
not anchored where torpedoes (to use
that term and save confusion) are laid,
for two very good reasons. The first is
that the dropping of the anchor might
explode a single mine and possibly ren
der useless many others; the second (or
far greater importance to the safety of
the harbor) is that in weighing anchor
the probability of fouling the initial
moorings of a whole field of torpedoes
is too great to be risked. I cannot be
lieve that the Maine was moored at a
buoy; Captain Sigsbee is far too ex
perienced to accept anything but his
own anchor in a foreign port, and it
seems Incredible that he should have
been assigned to an anchorage over an
elaborate submarine defense which the
Maine's anchor might easily — and mad
vertently — have rendered useless. How
ever, admitting that the ship was pur
posely placed over a field of mines, she
was in ten or twelve fathoms of water,
and was probably riding to fifty or
sixty fathoms of cable. This would give
the hull a range of at least five hun
dred feet, and the firing of a single
anchored torpedo for her destruction
would be the merest kind of guesswork.
Evidently no field was fired. While she
may have been torpedoed from the
shore, the talk of a bomb placed near
the forward magazines has no weight —
absolutely none — when the probabilities
are calmly considered. That, any one
conversant with the structure and the
care of magazines would know.
One of the most Important points for
determination is "Was the Maine in
anchorage that was commonly used?"
If she was there were no anchored tor
pedoes there; if not, the possibilities
are there were. It may be noted In
passing that this matter Is very care
fully watched by foreign powers in all
harbors. Where anchorage is regular-
ly forbidden or impracticable the ma
rine warfarer says "Look out for mines
here." The rule is not accurate, but
it is ever worth bearing in mind that
ground used regularly for anchorage
is practically never used as a torpedo
field.
The disaster to the Maine, coincident
with the well expressed ill feeling of
the Spanish people toward this nation,
seems to have eliminated from some
minds the little reasoning power they
had. Spontaneous combustion in the
bunkers or either of the magazines is,
of course, a possible explanation of im
mediate cause, and the crossing of
electric wires through wearing of insu
lation another. Yet Captain Zalinski,
who owes the United States much, opes
his mouth to observe that we have
"done away with" spontaneous com
bustion. Possibly we have, but when
we accomplished this feat we, too, did
away with all the properties of all
chemicals.
Weeks to come, when what remains
of the Maine is raised, we may know
more about the matter than we do now,
but even that is dubitable. High ex
plosives seem to delight in gnarlingand
twisting things with which they come
in contact into fantastic shapes, and
with so little apparent method that ex
perts often despair of controlling with
any degree of certainty any of the ac
tions of these death-dealers.
'Mongst the crowd of seers who
know all about this terrible tragedy
comes Mr. Julian Hawthorne, who sees
fit to tell us what was the active agent
in the destruction of the Maine. Mr.
Hawthorne's opinion is entitled to no
consideration in the world. He is not
an authority on that pomt — or any
other that I wot of. Not only has he
no knowledge of explosives, but he is
an individual who sees nothing even
when he is paid to observe. He should
be confined in a corner with insistence
until he Is "heard to cease." This,
however, does not detract from his fit
ness to represent the yellow journal to
which he Is now attached. The latest
heard of him before this last effusion
was when he was "commissioned" to
report on the famine In India. He then
came back, having failed to even grasp
the root of all the suffering. Lack of
transportation facilities is the one great
trouble in all that country's famines.
That Is as apparent to a discerning
mind as is the Brooklyn bridge to
Immigrant entering New York. This
is practically a bar and (for the Infor
mation of the Examiner-Journal and
its commissioner) it will be a bar for
centuries to come to the effectual relief
of those who suffer most acutely from
India's periodic seasons of distress. Mr.
Hawthorne has explained that he got
more information from missionaries
than from any other source. That is
believable, for he brought back none
at all worth the having. Excepting one
sect, the Christian missionaries in In
dia know less of the country than does
any other class of men — or women. Mr.
Hawthorne had, his intention of com
paring the conditions In India and Cuba
announced, but if his ideas of Cuba are
as superficial as those he has of India
(I do not see the Journal and so I do
not know) they are utterly worthless.
Words strung together in pleasing co
herence do not necessarily convey
truth, or even information. Mr. Haw
thorne's conception of India (and by
inference of Cuba) is like the child's
idea of fairyland. He hears and be
lieves the stories of the elfins from a
nurse in whose imaginings the little
creatures alone exist. But the child
rarely repeats what he has heard as
sober truth, wherein he shows much
more sense than does Mr. Julian Haw
thorne. The Examiner-Journal is wel
come to its commissioner and every
one of like type.
Apropos of this writer, Consul-Gen
eral Lee seems to have interfered with
the Spanish authorities under a mis
apprehension of the character of the
steam launch that took Mr. Hawthorne
to Cuba, and, supposedly, brought him
back. The boat, it appears from dis
patches, was entered as a yacht and
thereupon seized, which wasqutie right.
No vessel used for the personal gain
of the owner or charterer in any way
has the right to the privileges accord
ed unvaryingly and exclusively to
yachts. That the Buccaneer was not
then a yacht is self-evident, but there
seems to be no trouble in swearing
that she is when occasion suits. The
Secretary of the Treasury should ex
plain to General Lee what is, and what
is not, a yacht.
The Chronicle comes to the defense
of Captain Mahan by saying that the
gentleman In question did not mean
what he said when he used the lan
guage attributed to him in these col
umns last week. By what supernatural
power the contemporary knows this is
quite undeterminable, but I have been,
hitherto, accustomed to believe that
what was said was what was meant.
Captain Mahan's words (if correctly
reported) are: "This will inevitably
involve its (Hawaii's) possession by a
foreign power, * * * against which
preoccupation by the United States is
in my judgment the only security."
That is plain enough language for a
wayfaring man, and I desire to repeat
emphatically that it is not "inevitable"
that the Hawaiian Islands shall be
come the possession of any foreign
power against our express will. Th»-
Chronicle in prescriptive style mixes
what it has to say with a waste-bas
ketful of stuff anent the sugar trust.
As a controversialist has pointed out
there is "the virgin lead of pure ignor
ance." Opinion expressed here is not
honestly held because it differs from
that of an antagonist! If published
in the North American Review pre
sumably it might be held to have been
written in good faith! Minds that
cannot rise above that sort of substi
tute for argument are weak of tha
weak.
A day or two later this short sighted
contemporary scored the Rochester
(N. V.) Herald for pointing to the ne
cessity of increasing the navy in the
event of the annexation of the land
of coffee yet to be grown. We are ser
iously told that our present navy now
effectually patrols over 5200 miles of
coast line. What extravagant state
ment will emanate from this incapable
brain next is a good subject for guess
work, but most of us are too busy to
be able to join in the, doubtless, delec
table sport. The navy of to-day, un
fortunately, is not half nor nearly half
equal to the task, and to further ham
per it by a policy that will compel a
big detachment to regularly be in at
tendance on a half-dozen practically
valueless little islands is a blunder
hopelessly.
When a newspaper makes the mis
take of asserting in some novel way
that the Sandwich Islands will be of
strategical value to vs — that is, if we
commit the unpardonable folly of an
nexing them, the Bulletin stores the j
averment away in safety, and in a week
or ten days, having furbished and bur
nlsfaed it up so brightly that it mirrors
Its own irrationality, the dream is re
published. This is from the hoary
journal (reference is being made to the j
ability of warships to coal at sea): "A j
few American fast cruisers with a safe ,
port at the islands would run in Japan- [
ese coal tenders as fast as they might
appear." The Bulletin, I was aware,
had a marvelously competent artil
lerist, but an admiral was scarcely to
have been expected to be found on its >
staff. T3 re would, of course, be no j
trouble about running in Japan's col- i
Hers "whenever they appeared," but \
the Mikado would endeavor to make
as certain as possible that they did not !
"appear" to gladden the admiral's gaze.
May I be permitted to know in what .
direction this simpleton would have the !
fleet steered in order to intercept the
Ships of Japan with certainty? A plan
Of action which keeps ships less than
a couple of thousand miles from the !
vicinage of the treasure and territory
Which they have been called into ex- j
istence to protect is suggested to the ;
admiral. With our fleet here we might j
reasonably expect to be able to make
it interesting for the coal-laden ships [
of Japan, but to send a squadron on j
a still hunt for them in the trifling body
of water known as the Pacific Ocean :
would be a discouraging task to the j
various commanders, who are all aware I
that there is such a thing as curvature j
of the earth. Doubtless the Bulletin's j
admiral believes the earth to be flat! .
With his "few fast cruisers" he might
be chasing rainbows off Lower Califor- j
nia while Japanese entities were calm
ly steaming hitherward via the Aleu
tian Islands. Possibly this is part of j
his mode of warfare. It Is novel enough, ■
but Admiral Beardslee might consider j
it a trifle reckless. In seriousness this j
ancient journal should mend its ways, I
or Mr. Pickering will surely turn in his i
grave, come to the earth and smite the !
whole staff for playing the cheerful r
idiot.
Is the new ferry building the private
property of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company or is it the property of
the State? A few days ago a promi
nent member of the executive staff of
the monopoly had the good fortune to
be obliged to accept a call to a sempi
ternal non-existence, whereupon his
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL is the only Baking
Powder that will keep
fresh and of full strength
in the climate of the Yukon*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
happiness was heralded by the raising
of the national flag at half-mast over
the new water-front structure. Mr.
Colnon seems to be in water that is un
pleasingly hot at. this moment, but it
is impossible to forbear hinting to himr
that if the Board of Harbor Commis- '
sioners and the Southern Pacific of
Kentucky are In fact one at heart on
all points, it is unwise to publicly an
nounce the fact. Nothing is farther
from my mind than the "keeping of a
flower from a dead man's grave," but
this, the first sign of the assumption of
proprietorship of the State's union de
pot, should have been very promptly
nipped in the bud. The flag would be
as much in place if hoisted on the
State Capitol every time a pauper died.
The flagpole and the flag should be re
served for State and national uses
alone. _____^____^__^
AMERICAN SPIRIT AROUSED.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Dear Sir: Your editorial in Friday*
issue of The Call, under the caption of
"The Shin ami Nation, ' and that oj
to-day (Saturday), entitled "A Half Cen*
tury of Shame," I nave read with mueii
interest, and am free to state that I feel
just as you do relative to the insults
suffered by this great nation at the handa
of Spain. We have already borne' too
much of Spanish insolence. But, notwith
standing the strongly suspicious circum
stances surrounding the destruction of
the Maine, the people of this country
were desirous of awaiting an investiga
tion into the terrible affair before taking
any action involving the nation's peace.
But another insult, it seems to your
humble correspondent, has been hurled at
us— if the report Is true that Captain
Sig.sbee, with his local board, was pre
vented by Spanish guards from going
aboard his own vessel, as stated in tha
World's dispatch from Havana, dated tha
ISth inst. Now, sir, I begin to feel as
though it were time for Americans to
speak out.
It seems to your humble correspondent
that there should have been an American
guard thrown around the remains of tha
ill-fated Maine, and no persons permittedi
to go on board but those authorized by
the United States of America until a
satisfactory investigation should have
been made by this Government.
It certainly appears, if this last news
be true, that the Spanish authorities have
now taken possession of the property of
the United States! My only surprise is
that the American pennant is permitted
to float from the masthead of the wrecked
ship. Perhaps it is permitted to remain
there, however, as a. mark for Spanish
insult. I hope, sir, you will continue to
express American sentiments in 'liie Call,
because some such inspiration is needed
badly to spur up officials. The people
are aroused, and becoming impatient with,
the conduct of those high in authority.
Many of our people begin to think that
something else besides fear of the Span
ish power actuates our officials in thia
matter. Holders of Spanish bonds or
would-be speculators in Cuban bonds,
with the American goose as security, are
perhaps the potential power behind the
throne, exerting an influence greater than
Spanish guns or Spanish arrogance. But
the more one thinks of these subjects tho
more exasperated he must become, if a
spark of patriotism exists in his make
up. How long — how long, O Lord, will
these things be? Respectfully,
JOHN J. BURKE.
Concord, Cal., Feb. 19. IS9B.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DRUGSTORES— A. C. S., City. There
are about two hundred drugstores In ttie_
city of San Francisco at this time.
THE NEWARK COURSE— F. TV. J.,
Oakland. The Newark coursing grounds
are owned by John Duggan and Thomas
Corman.
COAL— G. L. F\. Vallejo, CaJ. The list
of those who exhibited coal at the Mid
winter Fair does not appear in the offi
cial account of that fair.
THE DI'RRANT TRIAL— J. B. C,
Lambert Point. Va. All the testimony
taken upon the trial of W. H. T. Durrant
for murder has not been published in anyl
form. J
THE BEST RATER— A. S., City. Isaac
Murphy was by far the best rater of the
pace of racing horses. "Snapper" Gar
rison was considered the better man in
judging for a finish, but in the matter of
the pace he was, In the language of the
day, "not in it."
ORGANS— S., Oakland. Reed organs
I are affected by the change of atmosphere
i and require tuning. As to the remedy
; for a reed that is not in proper condition
i a general answer cannot be given, for
what should be done can be determined
i only when examined by a competent par
! son.
BANCROFT'S EULOGY— S., Sacra
mento. The eulogy pronounced in the
House of Representatives by George Ban
croft on the 12th of February, 1566, on
Abraham Lincoln is published in full in
the Congressional Globe. It does not con
tain any quotation from a speech by Lord
Russell to the effect that "the assassi
nation was the finishing stroke to repub
licanism or republican governments."
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15c up. 33 4th. •
Just what you want for Klondike. "Crys
tallized Ginger," 25c lb. Townsend's. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IM2. •
A Southern Congressman in the course
of a debate on one phase of the financial
question the other day very earnestly re
marked that "the United States must
teach the world that while she was once
an infant she is now a fullgrown man."
How long has she been a fullgrown man?
— Chicago Times-Herald.
" Mrs. Winslow's SoothJn ft Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere la perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from tha
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, J65; longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado. late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
Don't forget Waller Bros. Gift Day, Feb. M,
1838. 33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
The difference between a man and a
woman is that a woman likes to see
hand-painted plates on the tea table and
a man never thinks of the plate, but al
ways of what ia on it.— Somerville Jour
nal.TWO BOLD
ROBBERS IN
THE TANKS
Arrest of the Desper
adoes Who Held
Up B. Cubett.
One of Them Recognized
as an Ex - Convict
From Oregon.
Taken by Captain Bohen and
His Men "Without the
Least Struggle.
IDENTIFIED BY THE VICTIM
A Portion of the Stolen Property-
Found in Their
Possession.
Two nf the daring robbers who held
up Bert Cubett and three other men in
the Baltimore House last Friday night,
as told in yesterday's Call, were arested
last nieht by Captain Bohen and De
tectives Silvey. Ryan and O'Dea.
They were found in a lodging-house
on Sixth street and locked up in the
tanks pending an investigation. Their
names are John Murphy, alias Burns,
and Fred Musgrove, alias Ryan. Both
are ex-convicts, and are known as des
perate men.
In the possession of Murphy was
found the revolver which was taken
from Cubett. Two women of the half
world, who were found in the room oc
cupied by the two men. were also ar
rested and will be held pending further
Investigation. The third man who par
ticipated in the robbery has not yet
been captured..
The robbery took place shortly before
midnight Friday. There were three
men in the room at the time smoking
opium. The robbers wore masks, and
as the door was opened in response to a :
knock the desperadoes drew their re
volvers and ordered the occupants to
throw up their hands under penalty of
being riddled with bullets. They th&n
compelled their captives to stand
against the wail while one of the rob
bers searched them for valuables. Af
ter taking everything they had they
made their helpless victims crawl un-
I r.e bed while they waited for Cv- !
bett to appear.
A short time afterward he entered
the room and was met by the masked i
robbers. They thrust their revolvers
in his face, and after warning him
against making an outcry they threw
him up against the bed and searched
his clothing. They secured two dia
mond rings, a diamond stud, a gold
watch and chain, a revolver and $10 in I
gold. They then Jeft after placing a
pafllotk on the door so as to prevent
their victim from giving chase.
The robbery was reported to Captain
Bohen, and he detailed several of his |
men to arrest the desperadoes.
Yesterday afternoon he learned the
identity of the men, and he determined ;
to arrest them. Stationing Detectives
BUvey, Ryan and ODea in the house
occupied by the robbers he "covered" \
the place so as to prevent the men
from getting away. By a prearranged
signal the detectives knocked on the j
door of the room and were met by
Murphy. He was promptly seized, and
after being handcuffed he was taken
to the City Prison.
Musgrove shortly afterward put in
an appearance and was also taken
without a struggle.
In the room was found a murderous
looking blackjack, a dark lantern, a
glass cutter and other burglars' tools.
th men are well known to the po- |
lice as desperate characters. Murphy
I a term in the Oregon peniten
tiary, and was only recently released
from the House of Correction after
doing time for carrying burglars' tools.
the police say. is alsn an ex- i
convict. Last night the prisoners were .
positively identified by Cubett.
Captain Bohen expects to arrest the
third robber to-day.
NO CLEW TO THE BUBGLAR.
Thief Who Entered Miss Viola Dun-
lap's Boom Has Successfully
Covered His Tracks.
The burglar •who entered th<> rooms of
Mips Viola Dunlap, 222 Van Ness avenue.
Saturday evening and carried away the
contents of the young woman's Jewel box,
so successfuly covered his tracks that no
clew as to who could have committed
the deed has yet been found by th-j de
tectives.
The work was evidently that of an ex
pert, as the burglary was completed in
the passing of a very few minutes, and
the perpetrator made good his escape.
It Is thought, owing to the many crimes
that have been committed in the neigh
borhood in the last few months, that an
organized gang of thieves is committing
the depredations, and the detectives will
make a strenuous effort to land some, If
not all, of the coterie behind the bars.
Infallible Teachings.
Rev. W. H. Moreland addressed a large
congregation last evening in St. Luke's
Church, on the corner of Van Ness ave
nue and Clay street, on "The Holy Catho
lic Church the Only Infallible Teacher."
He went over the ground of the faith of
the followers of Catholicism and the
promises made to those who carry out
their teachings; the good accomplished
by its teachings and the hope of everiast
lng life.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DV'O
SKIN
In all the world there is no other treatment
bo pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with CmctrßA Soap,
and gentle anointings with Ccticcra (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
(yticura
Ii »old tfcrrairi'.oat the wortt. Tom*
thai* in Clio. Comr.. Sole Pro? «., Bsttoo.
£T "All A boot Mt» Skin. Scalp tad Hair," free
CV/CDV UIIMOD From Pimp!" ta ' Scrofula
llL.nl nUmUn Cant bj CcncsmA.
THE ONLY TRIPLETS FOUND FOR TO-DAY'S BABY SHOW.
THERE ivill be babies of all ages,
sizes and colors in the Mechanics'
Pavilion this afternoon; whether
there will be a Solomon there or not
the management has not announced,
but there is one thing sure and that is
some mothers will go away dissatisfied
because their babies did not draw first
prize It was whispered about the Pa
vilion last night that P. J. Healy, who
had made himself so popular in advo
cating the free admission of all the
school children to see the Miners' Fair,
was to be the sole judge of the hand
somest mother, who as a matter of
course must have the handsomest
baby. Be this as it may the
Smith triplets from Mountain View will
be there and will have the seat of
They were there yesterday afternoon
and created a most decided sensation
on their appearance and when Chair
man Healy escorted them around the
hall every" one called him "papa." Mr.
Healy blushed, but enacted his part In
SHARON'S
NEPHEW
ARRESTED.
Charged With Obtain
ing Money by
Fraud.
He and Ned Foster Said
to Have Passed Bo
gus Checks.
The Pair Caught by Detectives
After a Protracted
Search.
RUINED BY RIOTOUS LIFE.
The Young Man Is Heir to a Fortune
of Over Two Million
Dollars.
"Ned" Foster, who at one time con
ducted the Bella Union Theater, and C.
H. Davis, who, it is claimed, is well
connected in the East, were arrested
yesterday by Detectives Egan and Tom
Gibson in Oakland and charged with
petty larceny.
They are accused of passing a worth
less check for $F.O on J. Knowlton Jr.,
manager of the Hotel Nicholas.
Last Wednesday Foster and Davis
visited the hotel, and, meeting Knowl
ton, asked him to cash the check. It
was signed by Davis and drawn on the
California Bank. Knowing Foster, the
hotel manager readily took the check
and gave Davis the amount it called
for. The following day Knowlton pre
sented the check for payment at the
bank, and was surprised to find that it
was worthless.
Angered at what he termed Foster's
ingratitude, Knowlton at once visited
police headquarters and swore out war
rants for the arrest of the men. "While
: the detectives were scouring the city
: for them Foster and Davis were in
| West Berkeley, apparently thinking
that they were safe from arrest. They
were accompanied by Mrs. Foster and
a woman, who is known as "Spot" Nel
! son. She is the wife of "Kid" Nelson,
a well-known confidence operator. Con-
J vinced that the men had left the city.
' the detectives yesterday afternoon
| crossed the bay, in the hope of getting
! a clew to their whereabouts in Oak
• land.
In some way the detectives learned
that Foster had telephoned to the pro
prietor of a restaurant at Seventh and
Broadway, asking him if anybody had
been looking for him. Receiving a re
ply in the negative, Foster told him to
prepare a "nice supper" for himself and
three friends. As they drove up to the
restaurant a short time afterward Gib
son and Egan, who were watching for
them, promptly placed Foster and Da
vis under arrest. They were then
brought to this city and locked up in
the tanks. Subsequently the detectives
concluded to book them for petty lar
ceny.
It is Bald that two additional charges
will be placed against the men to-day.
"Billy" Abbott, a Grant-avenue sa
loonkeeper, claims that Davis and Fos
ter passed two worthless checks on him,
one for $100 and the other for $50. He
intends to prosecute them for passing
fictitious checks.
Since the death of Ethel Burtis, the
variety actress, as told in The Call,
Foster has been drinking heavily. He
: admitted in the prison last night that
! she was a very dear friend of his, and
I that her mysterious death drove him to
drink. Shortly after her ffUrange dernio*
he and Davis, accompanied by two
women, hired a four-in-hand and drave
along the principal streets just to show
the "dear people that they were still
on earth," as Davis expressed it.
Davis 1b a nephew of the late Senator
Sharon, whose mother lives at Menlo
Park. He is scarcely out of his teens,
but has already spent a fortune In riot
ous living. When he comes of age it is
said he will inherit over $2,000,000.
His mother has done everything to
keep him at home, but he detests
being, as he says, locked up in a room
and havinar a man to watch his move-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898,
a manner which won him great ap
plause from the very large crowd pres
ent during the afternoon.
The infantile show will commence at
2 o'clock and will be confined to ba
bies between two and four years, and
prizes will be awarded to all kinds of
children. It don't matter exactly what
kind of a child Is present, but even"
one entered will be given a prize, ac
cording to the scheme laid out by tha
management committee last nieht.
The great challenge cake walk, for
which $200 has been deposited in the
hands of Secretary Cumming, will take
place this evening.
Washington's birthday will be cele
brated by the miners of the State, who
will assemble in large numbers. The
reduced excursion rates given by all
the railroad companies have attracted
the Interest of the people of the mining
counties, and they are coming to the
fair In large numbers. Excursion
Agent Eaton has telegraphed that 442
persons have bought tickets from Tuol
umne County. 125 from El Dorado. 647
from San Joaouin and other counties
In proportion. Special programmes will
ments when he got outside for some
fresh air.
Recently he expressed a desire to go
to the Klondike, and his mother, think
ing that the experience would result in
making a man out of him. bought him
an outfit and gave him $1000 for pocket
money. He did not dream of going to
the Klondike, but soon spent the $1000
and the money he got for the outfit, in
which he was helped by one or two
men, who have been practically living
off him for some time.
Judge Allen, who is his mother's at
torney, refused to give the young man
any more money, and since then he has
been obtaining money from business
men and saloon-keepers on orders on
the Judge, which he has in some in
stances honored, but others. Including
Abbott's, he has firmly declined to
recognize. It is said that the total
amount squandered by the young man
within a brief period will run up into
thousands of dollars, all of which will
be paid, it is understood, if he will turn
over a new leaf and live quietly at
home with his mother.
UNDER THE CHUFAH.
Kabbi Myers Unites in Marriage
Ferdinand Mayer and Eugenia
Mayer.
"In accordance with the law of Moses
and the rites of Israel I pronounce you
man and wife."
"With these words Rabbi Isidore Myers
ended a most unique wedding ceremony,
performed according to the orthodox code,
in which Ferdinand Mayer of the firm of
Dollar & Mayer and Miss Eugenia Meyer,
daughter of S. Meyer, the wealthy cattle
dealer, were the principals. The cere
mony took place at the residence of the
bride's parents. 2271 Geary street, last
evening. During the ceremony the bride
and groom stood under the chupah, or
wedding canopy, held up by friends at the
four corners.
DR. H. E. COOKE, D.D., A NEW RECTOR.
The Rev. Dr. H. E. Cooke. D.D, whc came from Manchester, N. tf., to
assume charge of Trinity Episcopal Church, delivered an interesting sermon
last night, and made a most favorable impression upon his congregation.
The learned gentleman took for his subject, "Excuses," preaching from the
text: "They all with one consent began to make an excuse." (St. Luke, xv,
16.)
The preacher pointed out the absurdity of a man making any excuse
for not accepting Christ. "The master offers us " he said, "salvation,
growth in manliness, spiritual life and power. If we were freely offered one
million dollars would it not be utterly absurd to give excuses for refusing to
accept it? Ten thousand times more foolish is it to excuse ourselves from
the glorious gifts God is willing to give to the Christian."
The preacher then proceeded to enumerate some of the excuses which
men give for not being Christians. He said: "Some say lam not good
enough. It is well to be humble, but as an excuse the plea is utterly baseless.
It rests upon a false conception of the character of L2M church. The church
is not a company of good people, but a divine body into which sinners enter
to receive power to be good. Another excuse 1», 'I am moral, kind to my
neighbors, etc., and do not need Christ,' but the church is a kingdom,
and Christ is our King. Disloyalty to him Is a crime; no morality can atone
for it.
"A third excuse Is, 'I have a high Ideal of Christianity, and I fear I shall
not be able to fulfill It if I accept Christ.' This is distrusting Christ.
"A last excuse is, 'I have business to build up, a pleasure to enjoy, and
Christianity would interfere, but suffer me first to bury mv father.' Ans
wer: We may not have to-morrow. Now 1b the accepted time. Jesus
Christ now as of old, cries, 'Come unto me, all ye that are weary and
heavy laden and I will give you rest.' Make no excuses, but come."
be presented every night during the
coming week.
Jack McQueston, "the Father of the
Yukon," was a special guest of the
management of the Golden Jubilee
Mining Fair. He has just returned
from the East, and reports that the in
terest in the mining fair in that sec
tion is rapidly growing, and that thou
sands of people are coming to San
Francisco to see the exposition before
it CIOSrP.
The prograame for this evening Is as
follows:
Overture "A Nleht In Granada"' Kreutzer
Air et Gavotte from Suite In D-flat Bach
FantaMe "Jolly Musicians" ..Muscat
Xylophone solo James Reed
Mexican serenade Wilson
Selection. " Carmen 1 I ? ***
Miserere. 'Trovatore \ erdl
Cornet W. -B. Rogers; trombone. F. K. Tobtn.
"La Paloma" •• ••••• Traders
Walts, from "The Geisha" Jones
March, "Inauguration" Victor Herbert
It has been decided by the manage
ment to devote the entire proceeds of
Friday afternoon and evening to the
benefit of the families of the lost crew
of the Maine.
Most of the ceremony was performed in
Hebrew, though a translation of the wed
ding certificate, a short and Impressive
address and the benediction were ren
dered in F.nglish. After the ceremony all
the guests partook of a bounteous supper.
Among those present were the following:
Mr and Mrs. L. Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. L.
Blum. I. Blum. Miss H. Blum. H. Blum,
M. Blum. Mr. and Mrs. I. Levy, Mrs.
Marmailukf lir^wn, Miss Cleopatra Levy.
H. Levy. Mr. and Mrs. H. Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. B. Davis. Mr. and Mrs. M. Neuman,
Mr and Mrs. Oberdeener, Mr. and Mrs.
Deller. Mr. and Mrs. Stein. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. Sands. Miss E. Ja
coby. 1 Jonas. M. Block, R. Meyer, Miss
J. Meyer. Mr. and Mrs. H. Levy, Miss
Sadie Davis. Miss Cora Davis.
Touching Tribute to Miss Willard.
At the First Baptist Church last night
the Rev. E. A. Woods paid a touching
tribute to the memory of the late Frances
Willard. The preacher discoursed elo
quently on the text, "I am not come to
destroy, but to fulfill," and dwelt at some
length on the evils of intemperance.
Speaking of Miss Willard. Dr. Woodssald:
"Intemperance is the great evil in society
to-day. Let us pay our tribute to the
memory of one whom death has Just
called "away. Miss Frances E. Willard
has accomplished a work for humanity
such as is given to few to do. Through
the great organization of which she was
the head, with its societies of praying
women, its band of hope among children.
Its text books introduced In the public
schools, a work <-,f education as to the
evil effects of intemperance has been com
menced, and this work will go on."
A Great Wine.
The leading win* to-day Is O. H. Mumm'l
Extra Dry. 72.775 cases w^re Imported In 1597.
one-third of the entire hampagne import, or
42,253 cases more than o( any other brand. •
During the siege of Sebastopol, In
1554-55, the batteries of the allied arm
ies threw 30,000 tons of shot and shell
Into the besieged city.
This fact can never be suppressed—
Prof. Field's worm pow.iers are the best.*
KEMWORTH
FAIRLY BEATEN
Captain Baker Says the
Marguerite Molinos
Ran Away.
C. A. Hansen, a Sailor on the
M. P. Grace, Came Into
Port in Irons.
In the Future the Second and Third
Mates of Seagoing Steamers
Must. Be Licensed.
The ships M. P. Grace, from New
York, and Susquehanna, from Balti
more, were not long after the Kenil
worth in making port. They took
nearly a month longer on the trip, how
ever, but nevertheless their captains
consider that the vessels made good av
erage passages. The Kenilworth made
the run in 113 days, or Just about twen- ;
ty-four hours longer than it took her
to make the same passage last year.
On the occasion prior to that she only
took 115 days, and on her next trip
Captain Baker says if he gets anything
of a show he will bring her here in 100 >
days or less.
There is only one vessel that Captain
Baker will concede is faster than his ;
own, and he says he must take off his
hat to Captain Mane of the French
bark Marguerite Molinos. Both yes- 1
sels were in company off the Horn, but
when a fair wind came along the Mo- ;
linos ran away from the Kenilworth, in
spite of aJI the canvas Captain Baker
could spread, and in fifteen hours was :
out of sight, and was not seen again ,
until both vessels met off the Faral- ;
Both vessels met with some heavy j
weather off the Horn, and a big sea [
brokez aboard the Kenilworth that ;
strained the deck beams and smashed j
two of the lifeboats into kindling wood, j
Captain John de Winter, master of |
the American ship If. P. Grace, is |
again in trouble with a member of his
I crew. In his own words. " he has never i
entered the port of San Francisco
I without havine: to seek the aid of the |
courts to discipline some unruly mem- j
ber of the ship's company."
The M. P. Grace left New York on (
' the 25th of last September, and dropped ■
j her anchor In the Bay of San Francisco !
I yesterday afternoon. The voyage was !
quite uneventful until the 13 of October, j
I when the first disagreement between
the captain and his crew occurred. On j
i the afternoon of that day the weather j
was squally, and the captain had occa
i sion to correct the man at the wheel
I for bad steering. C. R. Hansen was the I
steersman, and in reply to the captain's
i admonition to keep the ship on her
! course, he told the master that if he |
! did not like his steering he could send |
somebody else to the wheel. The sailor |
was told that if he did not obey orders j
j he would be placed in irons until such i
time as he was ready to submit to all !
i lawful commands. As he remained ob
| durate, and the ship was a long way J
! off her right course owing to his bad :
I steering the captain ordered the mate
to place Hansen in irons. The sailor
! resisted desperately, and it was not un
til the captain threatened to shoot him ;
[ that he allowed the gyves to be fast
j ened on his wrists.
Hansen was then taken to the cap
| tain's cabin, and on being asked why
I he had not obeyed orders he said that j
i he had his own reasons for refusing to :
! do as he was told, and that it was more
< than likely that he would be able to '
■ get the drop on the captain with a gun
before many days had passed. The '
mate then went to the forecastle to j
search the man's trunk for a revolver,
I and found a heavy caliber Colt and
fourteen cartridges in a small bag.
The man Hansen had been a source j
of no little anxiety to Captain de Win- |
ter on the voyage hither, as he has con- j
ptantly refused to do any work, and has ;
moreover attemnted to incite the other
members of the crew to mutiny. Be- I
fore the vessel anchored yesterday i
the captain ordered the police flag to
be hoisted at the mizzen, and soon i
after Sergeant Steve Bunner and Offi
cer Ferguson proceeded on board and
relieved the master of any further re
sponsibility so far as the safe keeping I
of Hansen was concerned.
Captain de Winter will formally
charge Hansen to-day with violating a I
section of the shipping laws which de
clares it unlawful for any member of
the crew, with the exception of the
officers, carrying a deadly weapon in
their possession. On the voyage Han- j
sen has boasted that he can buy any j
Judge in San Francisco for the sum of j
$50, and Captain de Winter intends I
that he shall have all the chance he
wants to show that he Is not mis- |
taken in the premises.
When given the liberty of the deck
Hansen played the part of the re
ligious crank. He claimed that there '
was no law but the law of God, and by i
! that he would be judged and not by the
Statute* of the United States. "What
I have done has been by the divin
| command." said he, "and no human
| court has any jurisdiction over m
I case." Then he woulti try to incite th
i men to mutiny, and the captain woul
I have to iron him again.
The brig Galilee, which arrived from
j Tahiti yesterday, met with an accident
! the second day out from Papeete. A
severe squall struck the brig and car
ried away her foretopmast head. Thi
necessitated a return to port, and itwa
not until January 25 that she got awa
again for San Francisco.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Umatiila sailed for Puget Soun<
ports yesterday with a full passenger
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If your children are well
but not robust, they need
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil.
We are constantly in re-
ceipt of reports from par-
ents who give their children
the emulsion every fall for a
month or two. It keeps them
well and strong all winter.
T t prevents their taking cold.
Your docto- will confirm
this.
The oil combined with
the hypophosphites is a splen-
did food tonic.
$oc and $100, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New York*.
list, among whom were a number of
people for the Klondike. There was the
usual crowd of people down to see the
steamer away, and many among them
had relatives bound for Dyea and
Skaguay.
The steam schooner Tillamook is to
be transformed into a passenger ves
sel. She will be fitted out differently
from any vessel that has been built
up here so far. She will have a well
shaped stairway with a landing the
same as on other passenger steamers,
and aft of the present deckhouse a
stateroom, social hall and smoking
room will be built. George Ross, the
well-known shipwright, has contracted
to make the necessary alterations in
seven days, but the chances are that
he will have to work his men double
time to acomplish it. Ross built up the
Albion In seven days and the National
City in nine days, and asserts that he
will not be an hour overtime with the
Tillamook.
Second and third mates of sea-going
steam vessels do not Wke a new law,
now in the hands of the President for
signature. By it all of them are com
pelled to pass an examination and have
a license before they can go to sea. As
it is now anybody can besecondorthird
mate of a steamer, while the captain
and chief officer have to shoulder all
the responsibility. In reply to a query
put to him on this matter Supervising
Inspector-General of Hulls and Boilers
James A. Dumont sail: "It is the
opinion of this office that the purposes
of this bill are not only meritorious, but
absolutely necessary tr- insure the safe
navigation of sea-going steamers." This
bill will affect the starding of over 300
second and third mates now on this
coast, who will have to pass the neces
sary examination before they can hold
their present positions.
SUCCEEDED AT LAST.
After Attempting It Three Times,
John Sturrocke Ends His Life.
John Sturrocke committed suicide at a
lodging-house on the corner of Fourth
and Howard streets, some time between
Friday night and last evening, by turn
ing on the gas.
The man took a room at the house Fri
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF dfe PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
BLACK DRESS GOODS
SPRING OPENING, 1898.
On Monday, February 21st, we will
place on sale the largest collection of
HIGH-CLASS PARIS NOVELTIES EVER
SHOWN on the Pacific Coast,
. . . CO/VIPRISING:
PARIS BENGALINE BROCHES,
SILK AND WOOL ARMURE JACQUARDS,
BAYADERE MATELASSES,
NOVELTY GRENADINES IN PLAIDS,
BAYADERE STRIPES and
HANDSOME SCROLL EFFECTS.
SPECIAL VALUES.
(\T $1.50 YARD.
100 PIECES NOVELTY PIEROLA CLOTH.
fIT $1.75 YARD.
65 PIECES NOVELTY MERSERETTA CLOTH, IN RAISED EFFECTS. •
SEE DISPLAY lIN SHOW WINDOWS.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Corner of Geary and Stockton Streets, S. p.
■" UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
mmAttota fiornoe &«usiiiii««n(«
LAST 6 NIGHTS— Saturday.
The Famous Original BOSTONI
Barnabee" and 'Mac Donald, Proprietors.
Direction . Frank L. Perley. Presenting '
"THE SERENADE."
Sunday Evening. February 27— LIEUT. R.E.
: = PEARY, in a farewell lecture.
irgIEOIAMOCE &OTUCB JC i tSSflv
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT— Accomplished
, Actress,'
MARIE WAINWRIGHT,
In Jacob LiU's Production ) of : the : New " Play,
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER." j
A stirring, wholesome, human ; play. Fault-
lessly staged and acted. ■ -.-
. March . 7 — Primrose | & West's | Minstrels.
i _
. ■AiEOIANOEB OOTTtOB a C« !u**U* mnttmm
THIRD AND FINAL WEEK.
The Season's Most Positive Hit.
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
In an Endless /Array of. New Features.
Coon Comedy. : ■. ■) Coon Songs. ......
Jubilee Shouts. | Operatic Reviews.
The Great Cake Walk.
ALCAZAR BEAT ph b oV
ni-rVnZ./lt\. Main 254.
"GOOD BY TO AUNTIE."
. . THIRD AND LAST WEEK
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
• And the Cat Still Laughs. '
HOLIDAY MATINEE TO MORROW, ;
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Matinee price 5...;..'...........;.'. — lac, 23c, ;Ssc
Evening prices ' . . ... ... .*.. . ... .■; 50c, 35c, ' 25c, ' 15c
MOROSCO'B GRAND OPERA-HOUSE?
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
. Third ■ Week ■. of • the ' Popular 'Actor,
-■ HARRY; MAINHALL, <
!■' In the First Production in This City of
.'■ THE > GREAT CUBAN .WAR ; DRAMA. :
"THE LAST-STROKE." [
: A Stirring/ Romantic Story of .'Cuba's Fight
for - Freedom. >» Great t Battle ■ Scene. Exciting
Fire Scene. GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE
(To-morrow). ? WASHINGTON' 8 .■■. BIRTHDAY.
Evening prices, .■ 10c, * 25c," 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and i Sunday. . ..;. : . ■:■; :. ,
'.'.' OLYMPIAN- d -
■ ■■■ ' --" . „'* Eddy : Streets. !.'
America's Most Beautiful . Music ■ Hall.
Great, new bill s. of artists. -; STARKEY " and
RATHBUN. SENORITA INEZ. MLLE. AN-
TONETTE. FRED * BROWN. • COUCH.- MIL-
LER, PUNTA and others. T "^m^l
House heated. Admission free. |
day night, and was not seen again until
last evening, when the bedmaker was
passing the room he detected the odor of
gas. and breaking in the door found Stur
rocVe dead. He had torn up his cloth
ing to plug up the cracks in the door, and
had been dead for some hours. On hi*
body was the following note, written ou
a card advertising a saloon at 109 O'Far
rell street:
"SAN FRANCISCO.— This is a cl^ar
case of suicide. I am perfectly sane. Thli
is the third attempt.
"JOHN STURROCKE."
Sturrccke was about 5") yeu :s old, and
appeared to be a working man.
ABE THE DEAD ROBBED?
Valuables on Two Persons Dying at
the Harbor Hospital Said to
Be Missing.
It is claimed that two bracelets and a
diamond ring, which were on the body
of Yit Sing, who was murdered by
Charles Dean the first of the week, are
missing. The people at the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital deny that anything was
taken from the body except some brace
lets and a band ring, which were all
turned over to the Coroner"s deputy when
he took the body, and these are all in
the possession of the Coroner now.
Officer John Maloney, of the California
street station, says that when Nellie An
derson, who committed suicide on the 12th
inst., was placed in the patrol wagon to
be taken to the hospital she had some
money in her stocking which he felt and
heard jingle as he helped move her. Tha
record at the Coroners office shows that
Nellie Anderson had no property, and tha
Coroners deputy received none from the
Harbor people. It is claimed that tha
Health Department la going to make an
investigation, and has called in the ser
vices of the detective force to help them.
The Father cf Our Country.
Rev. G. C. Adams spoke on "Washing,
ton" last evening at the First Congrega
tional Church. His theme was apropos of
the father of our country's birthday,
Tuesday. The gentleman dwelt on the
many virtues of the brave warrior, and
commended his many acts of bravery.
The sermon was =hurt but to the point,
and filled the many listeners with patriot
ism.
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordln s Sanitarium. 514 Plne,nr.Keamy,S.P..CaL
AMUSEMENTS.
—9— NEW ARTISTS. ALL CARDS— »-
LINA PANTZER. danseuse Fille de Feef
DAMMAN TROUPE. Europe's marvels; MAT-
THEWS & HARRIS, th* laughmakers: GEO.
W. DAY. monologue comedian; MLLE. LAW-
RENCE, trick bicyclist: FILSON & ERROL
a laughing hit; ADELMAN & LOWE, xylo-
phone artists: MAUD HEAL PRICE, vocal-
ist and mimic; THE BIOGRAfH, last week:
all new scenes.
Reserved seats, 25c: balcony, 10c, opera chairs
and box seat? I
EXTRA HOLIDAY MATINEE- -February 22.
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ern rsnNE Krei.ing. Proprietor A Manager
TO-NIGHT.
Artistic Presentation of Milloecker's Nautical
Work,
|The Vice=Admiral!
The Gem of all German Comic Operas.
Splendid Cast! Superb Costumes'. Beautiful
Scenery! Enlargied Chorus! Augmented
Finales and Ensembles'
NEXT — Requested revival of "THE
GEISHA," the brilliant Japanese musical
comedy.
Popular Prices 25 and 50c
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING from MONDAY, Feb. 21, to
SATL RDAY, March 5, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or SMne.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and I:ls P.M. Dally.
Leave Third street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every*
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
CHIQUITA
IS THE SENSATION
OF THE CENTURY.
SHE IS SMALLER THAN ANY .
WALKING BABY.
INTELLIGENT AS A GROWN WOMAN.
THE OmJTES
Every Afternoon and Evening,
Rain or Shine.
I 10c to all, Including Vaudeville; children, M.
78
TALK OF
FUSION IN
SAN JOSE
Plan to Defeat the
New Charter Club
Nominees.
"Boss" Rea Seeking to
Combine Democrats
and Republicans.
Would Enter the Coming Cam
paign in the Guise of
Non-Partisans.
GANG IS HARD PRESSED.
Soamlngly Faces Sura Defeat at the
Hands of the Reform
Element.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20.— Now that the
New Charter Club has got so far along
toward the naming of a full ticket in
the coming municipal election, inter
est is aroused as to what the other po
litical organizations j>ropose,to do. Up
to this time there has been no pro
gramme of any kind announced by the
Democratic or Republican city commit
tee, both of which are reputed to be
under the control of "Boss" Rea. It
is, therefore, expected that whatever
they may decide to do, whether sep
arately or jointly, will be designed to
work to the defeat of the candidates
nominated by the New Charter Club.
It has already been suggested in one
of the local papers, whose columns are
known to be open to the cause of the
gang, that the Democratic and Repub
lican leaders come together and nomi
nate a so-called non-partisan ticket, by
dividing the plates on the ticket as
equally as possible between alleged
Democrats and Republicans. While such
a ticket might have the merit of be
ing non-partisan, it would certainly
have the vital defect or vice of being
a strictly gang compilation.
When Jim Rea was asked what he '
thought of the situation as it now j
stands, he endeavored to emulate his j
political master, the president of the
Southern Pacific Company:
"Oh, 1 am out of politics," he re
marked with a laugh.
"What do you think of the men who i
have been mentioned as possible can- |
didates by the New Charter Club, tak- j
ing the list as published -in The Call?" I
he was then asked.
"Why, they're a lot of soreheads and
office-seekers, and most of them have
records. I know their records well."
On being told that the Charter
Club had agreed to the publication
of the list of probable candidates who
would be placed on the ticket of that
organization in order that the individ
uals might be subjected to the criti
cism of all good citizens, and on be
ing requested to make public what he
knew to the detriment of any of these
gentlemen, he declined to do so, saying
that he could be heard frum at the
proper time.
C. D. Wright is chairman of the Re
publican City Committee. In the course
of an interview on the subject of both
parties Joining in the selection of a mu
nicipal ticket he said:
"I understand there is a Charter
Club ticket to be placed in the field.
What the Republicans will do— whether
they will join with the Charter Club
or put up an independent ticket— l do
not know. So far as lam personally
concerned I may state I am a straight
out Republican, except i^ municipal
affaire. In municipal government it
cuts very little figure whetner a man
is a Republican or a Democrat, as long
as he Is a fit man for the office, as
long as he Is honest, upright and ca
pable.
"I am utterly opposed to the man
ner in which the city government has
.been run for the last two years. In the
Council and in the Mayor's chair we
v-want men who are known to be above
reproach. As far as the present Coun
rdl is concerned I think it is a disgrace
to the city. It is too bad that a man
like Frank Stock should have decided
not to run for Mayor. H« is the kind
of a man I should like ib see occupy
the office of Mayor. I don't think that
any class of men or the gang could
control Mr. Stock. If the best citizens
of the city would come together and
nominate a ticket, irrespective of poli
tics, I would be in favor of it."
T. C. Hogan is the chairman of the
Democratic City Committee. This is
what he had to say on the same sub
ject:
"Personally I am not in favor of joint
nominations, but the matter will have
to be decided by the committee as a
whole. I am in favor of a separate
ticket, so far as the Democratic side of
the matter is concerned"."
Neither of the regular party commit
tees will be called together for tak
ing up the matter of nominations
for the April election until after the
New Charter Club has made its nomi
nations.
In order that there may be no ques
tion as to the validltv of nominations
the City Clerk will demand that all
be made by petition. Petitions may be
filed as early as fifty days before the
day of election, but not less than
twenty days before such date with the
City Clerk.
This means that the filing of petitions
may beein to-morrow and continue as
late as March 22.
Now that 1-rank Stock has with
drawn from the field as a candidate for
Mayor, the gang is somewhat at a loss
as to whom to put at the head of the
ticket which it will put into the flpld.
Among the names mentioned for this
ouestionable honor are those of JJsvor
Valentine Koch and George B. McKee.
PROFESSOR LE CONTE
TALKS AT STANFORD.
"The True Idea of a University" the
Theme of the Venerable
Educator.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 20.—
Professor Le Conte addressed the stu
dents In the chapel this morning on the
subject, "The True Idea of a University."
He divided the work of the college into
three broad culture courses— science, art
and philosophy. The first should work
up, he thought, through mathematics,
biology, geology and allied sciences to the
broad plane, where sociology reigned;
while art, working through language, his
tory- and other branches, and philosophy,
by logic and philosophy proper, should all
converge and meet In the study of social
science.
'""•ah of, these three," he said- "h** Jta
own peculiar ' excellence or correlative
function. Science cultivates an Intense
love for truth for thruth's sake, and a
diligent practice of the methods by which
truth is obtßined. Philosophy gives a
material ground of the validity of all
knowledge as well as an Intellectual ac
tivity and nobleness by virtue of its ex
alted themes. The art course cultivates
the power of expressing our feelings."
These general culture courses, he be
lieves, should be carried on mainly in
college where preparatory work In its
broad sense Is done. The university, ac
cording to his idea, should be a center of
professional schools whore a preparation
for active work in higher fields could be
had through a devotion to original
thought and research.
The venerable teacher then spoke on the
tendency to run wild over science by
which some hoped to rejuvenate the world
in a short space of time, and pointed *.o
a study of evolution as the only safe
guard for society against this trend. By
it, the effects of science in disregarding
the past are neutralized as It depends
entirely on the past.
COUBSING AT LOS ANGELES.
Preliminary Run-Offs in a Sixty
four Dog Stake.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 20.— There will be
two days of coursing at Agricultural Park
this week, sixty-four dogs being entered
for a purse of $200. A large crowd wit
nessed the first run-offs to-day. The ties
and finals will be run off on Tuesday.
In the first courses B B and B beat Gen
eral; Tip Steadman beat Lady Singer;
Skyball beat Fox: Red Dick beat Punch;
Jack II beat Major Black; Peachie beat
Little Pearl; Monte beat Emerald; Sailor
Girl beat Fannie S: C W W a bye; Kitty
Scott beat Rag Baby; Monday Noon beat
Business B; E V II beat Silk Gem; White
Chief beat Blue Bird; Monday Morning
beat La Fiesta Queen; Lady Wallace beat
Hettie Green, after a tie: Grandpa p beat
Rialto after a tie; Grace H beat Jim
Crow; Innocent Daisy beat ABC; Beanby
beat Trip after four ties; Queen J beat
Jeff Davis after a tie: Sailor Boy beat
Lady Singer a bye; Snooze beat Allso;
Ormonde beat Release; Dawning beat
Whittier Bob; Cyclone beat Rowdy a bye;
Flora R beat Barney; Prince beat Blue
Jay; Here We Are beat Lady In Black;
Juliet beat Silk Gem a bye; Romeo beat
Little Queen (formerly Queen); Orpheum
Lass beat Queen B; Poker Davis beat
Swift.
In a match race ABC beat Innocent
Daisy.
A BLIZZARD OF
LONG DURATION.
Furious Snowstorm Still Pre
vails Throughout East
ern Wisconsin.
Milwaukee's Streetcar Lines Tied Up
and Trains From All Parts
Delayed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Feb. 20.— The
blizzard which started in yesterday
morning and of which Milwaukee is
the center, still continues. Twenty
two Inches of snow is reported by the
weather bureau to have fallen in this
city. The storm is confined to the
eastern part of the State.
To-night the street railway traffic is
becoming congested again, as the wind
has increased in velocity and blows the
snow back on the track as fast as it
is being cleared off. The company does
not pretend to keep suburban lines
open and not a wheel outside the city
limits has moved since yesterday af
ternoon. The temperature has fallen
about 20 degrees to-night. Snow to
the depth of seven feet is piled up
all along the different lines of street
railways, and it will be may days be
fore it can be carted away.
Railway trains on all roads entering
Milwaukee are all the way from two
to twenty-four hours late. The pas
senger train on the Chicag'T*and North
western from Green Bay, due at 7 p. m.
yesterday became stalled in a huge
snow drift about three miles from this
city and did not reach the depot until
11 o'clock this morning.
All the boats entering this port are
accounted for. The steamer lowa of
the Goodrich line, running between
Milwaukee and Annapee, which was
due here last night, drifted across the
lake and took shelter on the east
shore. The steamer Wisconsin, Cap
tain McCambridge, arrived from Grand
Haven to-night. The captain reports
a very stiff gale blowing and the snow
is so blinding that it is impossible to
see more than a foot ahead. The
steamer Wisconsin on entering the
river to-day, bumped into a dredge
-of the Hathaway Company, sinking it.
The steamer was not injured, and the
dredge will be raised as soon as the
storm abates.
NAT GOODWIN WEDS
THE PRETTY MAXINE.
Quiet Little Ceremony With But
Few Witnesses at a Cleve
land, Ohio, Hotel.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Feb. 20.— Nat Good
win, the actor, and Miss Maxine Elliott,
the leading lady of his company, were
married In this city at 1 o'clock this after
noon. The ceremony was performed In
the parlor of the bridal suite at the Hol
lenden. Rev. D. S. Sprecher, pastor of
Euclid-Avenue Presbyterian Church, offi
ciating. The only witnesses of the mar
riage were Miss Gertrude Elliott, sister
of the bride; Manager Appleton of the
Goodwin company, Mrs. Appleton, and
Manager Frank A. Probst of the Hollen
den.
Immediately after the ceremony Mr.
and Mrs. Goodwin were driven to the
home of Mr. and Mrs. "Will Boardman, on
Euclid avenue, where they were enter
tained at dinner.
Three weeks ago Goodwin received of
ficial notice that his former wife had se
cured a divorce from him in New York.
By the decree he was prohibited from
marrying again during the life of his di
vorced wife. This prohibition, while le
gally operative in New York, has no ef
fect in this State.
WRIGHT BROTHERS ACQUITED.
End of a Sensational Murder Trial
at Kansas City, Mo.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 20.— Arthur
and Harry Wright, brothers, were to*-day
acquitted of the murder at Lees Summit
last fall, of John Hess. It took the jury
all night to find a verdict. The trial was
sensational. The Wrights, who are neigh
boring farmers, called Hess from his
home, brought on a quarrel, and Arthur
shot him. Harry was held as an accom
plice. A grudge had existed between the
families, but It was alleged that a rivalry
between Arthur Wright and Hess for the
hand of a pretty girl was a factor In the
killing.
Wedding Bells at Gilroy.
GILROY. Feb. 20.— The marriage of Ed
ward F. Joltnson and Miss Elsie Garrett
was solemnized here to-day at the home
of Miss C. J. Clifton. Both are prominent
society people. Rev. W. D. Crabb per
formed the ceremony. The bridesmaid
was Miss Nettle Whitehurst, and the
groom was attended by Herbert E. Robin
son. The couple were married beneath an
arch of smllax and hyacinths. They left
on the afternoon train for San Francisco.
Death in Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 20.— James R.
Vance, aged 73 years, af native of I Hinds
and a pioneer of Santa Barbara, died sud
denly this morning. Vance represented
the First Ward In the City Council for a
number of years and was County Super
visor for two terms. Besides owning a
fine place here, he had a ranch In Ven
tura County.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
CONGRESS HAS
ITS HANDS FULL
Lively Times Expected
in Both Houses This
Week.
The Annexation Treaty to Be
Sidetracked for More Im
portant Issues.
Sundry Civil Bill Amendments That
May Lead to Very Warm
Debate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 20.
The Diplomatic and Consular and the
Military Academy appropriation bills
will be considered and passed by the
Senate during the week. There will be
more or less debate on the executive
session of the Hawaiian annexation
treaty, and speeches will be made on
the claim of Mr. Corbett to a seat in
the Senate on the appointment of the
Governor of Oregon. The Corbett mat
ter will not be pressed, except to the
end of having the speeches so far dis
posed of as to make sure of getting
a vote at the time fixed, a week from
to-morrow.
The expectation is that the bill mak
ing an appropriation for the consular
and diplomatic service will be made the
basis for considerable debate. It is un
derstood to- be Senator Allen's inten
tion to make an effort to secure the in
corporation in the bill as an amend
ment of his provision for the recogni
tion of Cuban belligerency, and if he
should make this effort the result might
be a general discussion of the Cuban
question. While, however, this is
among the possibilities, it does not ap
pear probable that the Senate is now
in a mood for the opening of this ques
tion pending the Maine investigation,
so that if it should be taken up this
week there would have to be quite a
radical change in sentiment.
There are some Senators, however,
who are desirous of having the subject
debated, and they may force the issue.
Mr. Allen's amendment was adversely
reported to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and Senator Hale will raise
a point of order against it. This the
Vice-Presldent will sustain, and Mr.
Allen, will, of course, appeal. Ther->
will be stubborn opposition to such an
amendment if offered, and the contest
may be an animated one if Mr. Allen
persists in his purpose.
Independently of the Cuban amend
ment the diplomatic bill is likely to
cause debate on other questions. It
seldom gets through the Senate with
out being made the basis of more or
less general discussion of the country's
foreign policy.
The advisability of amending this ap
propriation bill with a provision for
the annexation of Hawaii, which was
at one time considered by supporters
of the Hawaiian treaty appears to have
been abandoned. The treaty will, how
ever, receive independent attention
during the week if the appropriation
bills and the Corbett case do not crowd
it out. Senator Davis, who as chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations has charge of the treaty, will
be absent from the Senate during the
entire first half of the week, but Sena
tor Frye, who is acting chairman, will
move an executive session for the con
sideration of the treaty if there should
be an opening.
There is a general impression that
the treaty will not be further debated
at great length. There are several
Senators who desire to be heard upon
it, but none of these are liable to make
long speeches. The object of the
friends of the treaty is to secure a test
vote as soon as it can be conveniently
done, and for this purpose Senator Ba
con's amendment, providing for sub
mitting the treaty to a vote of the peo
ple of Hawaii will be utilized. If they
find upon this vote that the treaty
cannot command the support of two
thirds of the Senators, the number nec
essary to secure its ratification, they
will move to recommit to the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations, and then take
up Senator Morgan's bill for annexation,
which was favorably reported to the
Senate during the extra session. This
is the present plan, but details may of
course be changed.
The friends of the treaty regard the
Bacon amendment as entirely unfriend
ly, and tfeey would regard as antago
nistic to the treaty any Senator who
would cast his vote for it; hence they
think they can use it as a foil, and by
its use secure the equivalent of a vote
on the treaty without imperiling that
document. If the vote on the amend
ments should show that the treaty
commands the sixty votes necessary to
its ratification, it would then be pressed
to a final vote as speedily as possible.
Unless the Cuban question or some
phase of the Maine disaster should
come before the House this week, the
time — with the exception of to-morrow,
which under arrangement made last
week will be given up to the considera
tion of private bills — will be devoted,
nominally at least, to the sundry civil
appropriation bill. This bill will be re
ported to the House to-morrow. It is
a very voluminous measure, containing
all the odds and ends of appropria
tions, as its name indicates, and is us
ually productive of more protracted
contests than any of the other appro
priation bills.
It is understood that the Information
regarding the situation In Cuba, asked
for last week by the House, has been
prepared by the State Department and
is ready for transmission. Some of
the consular reports bearing upon the
situation have been edited in some
places, but it is said the situation as
presented probably will call for some
action before the information goes to
the House this week. Owing to the
condition of public sentiment pending
the result of the investigation Into the
cause of the disaster to the Maine it
is considered probable that the answer
of the State Department will be with
held for several days.
In the fact of the catastrophe which
has occurred the members of the
House who have usually pushed to the
fore on the occasion of any sensational
development in foreign or diplomatic
affairs were ominously silent last week
The extreme gravity of the situation
and the far-reaching consequences of
hasty or 111-considered action tended to
disarm them, but at any time durini?
the consideration of the appropriation
bill, where the widest latitude in de
bate is allowed, a stirring debate in
volving the recent sensational events
in connection with tho explosion of
the Maine and the recall of the Span
ish Minister and the latest develop
ments in Cuba may be precipitated
But those ta authority, by keeping
the appropriation bill in the right of
way, can easily prevent actual action
by the House if they so desire and
the prevailing oninion of the conser
vative leaders on both sides is that
action and agitation are out of place
until all the facts upon which rj* aim
judgment can be predicated are kTovvn
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Eromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drugrglits refund the money if I* falls to cure,
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet!
THE NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY
Ex-Governor Hoyt Takes
a Cheerful View of
Its Prospects.
Distinguished Names Being
Constantly Added to Its
Membership.
Valuable Assistance to tho Com
mittee From Notable Women
of the Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 20.
In reply to an Inquiry into the pres
ent status and prospects of the national
university enterprise, ex - Governor
John Wesley Hoyt, chairman of the na
tional committee, says good progress
seems to be making In all quarters, un
less it be in the Senate. There, oppo
sition of ecclesiastical origin has occur
red in committee, and this, in connec-
tion with the other circumstances has
simply delayed action. Nevertheless,
the friends of the measure are confi
dent of early and favorable results.
Meanwhile the work of the national
committee, says Mr. Hoyt, has been
vigorous and fruitful of good to the
cause in many ways; in the addition of
many distinguished names to its al
ready formidable list of members, in
cluding those of eminent statesmen and
of some sixty college and university
presidents, besides the heads of the
University of Virginia and the heads of
a dozen or more institutions of religi
ous denominations, for a time supposed
to be against the national movement,
but now known to be for the most part
in sympathy with its awakening inter
est; co-operation of men and women in
the leading influence throughout the
country, as well as public journals in
all sections, and, finally, the enlistment
of a number of men and women of for
tune, some of whom are seriously con
sidering the offer in advance of the en
dowments of departments, professor
ships, lectureships and fellowships in
the coming university.
The most notable of the many aids
actually rendered to the national uni
versity committee in the past are:
First, the voluntary gift of 11500 by
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst of California
and the District of Columbia for the
salary of the chairman's secretary dur
ing the year just passed; second, the
support accorded by the George Wash
ington Memorial Association, under
the lead of Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson,
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst. Mrs. ex-Sena- j
tor Brice of Ohio and other distinguish- j
ed women of the country, and the asso
ciation which has anmng its officers the j
presidents of the National Council of
Women, the World's W. C. T. U., the
General Federation. of Women's Clubs,
the national university committee of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, the Columbian Daughters of
America, the General society of the
United States, Daughters of 1776-1812,
the Dames of the Revolution, the La
dies of the G. A. R., the Kings' Daugh
ters, and perhaps yet other national or
ganizations — President Charles A. Bell
of the American Security and Trust
Company, Washington, D. C, acting as
treasurer.
The immediate object of this George
Washington Memorial Association is
the raising of $250,000 for the First Na
tional University building to be erected
on the site selected by Washington
himself, and reserved for university
purposes, in the pending bill. To this
end, and for the further support of the
national university cause, it has formed
State and national district committees
of influential women in nearly every
one of the States, all of which are pre
paring for special contributions in
small amounts on Washington's birth
day, and until the whole amount is
realized. It is believed by Mr. Hoyt
that they will succeed, and that ere the
final <J«Ue, December, 1899, Congress will
have done its part also.
An offer has just been made by Gen
eral J. B. Henderson, United States
Senator from Missouri and now of this
city, to be one of 100 to pay into the
treasury of the university $1000 each
when Congress shall have done as
much. His object is to encourage the
creation of a special fund of $100,000
for some shares in the university, and
there is no objection on his part to the
taking of any number of such shares
by any one contributor, while preferring
in the interest of the cause of the uni
versity that the distribution should be
as wide as the country itself.
The new committee assumes that this
example of General Henderson will be
promptly followed by liberal friends of
the enterprise, and that the institution,
when once established by Congress,
will, as Washington believed, become
so popular as a center of patriotic
gifts as to relieve Congress from the
demands of Government appropria-
tions.
Persons wishing further information
are referred to ex-Governor Wesley
Hoyt, chairman of the committee,
Washington, D. C.
URGED TO SEND BACK
U. S. SENATOR CANNON.
A Proposition Upon Which the Utah
Democracy Seems to Be
Divided.
DENVER, Feb. 20.— A special to the Re
publican from Logan, Utah, says: Ben
E. Rich, known to be Senator Frank J.
Cannon's campaign manager, is said to
have exhibited a copy of a letter from
Chairman Jones of the Democratic Na
tional Committee in which the chairman
urged the Democrats of Utah to unite
with the other silver elements here and
send Frank J. Cannon back to the Sen
ate. The rumor has not intensified the
admiration of Democrats here for Chair
man Jones. There Is a sentiment of con
ciliation among some of the members,
but it does not run in that direction.
WORKING OFF SPURIOUS
HALF-DOLLAR PIECES.
An Excellent Counterfeit Circulat
ing in Towns of Southern
Utah.
DENVER, Feb. 20.— A special to the Re
publican from St. George. Utah, says:
Counterfeit half-dollars are being uttered
in this part of the country. No other de
nomination has appeared yet. A number
have been passed at Washington and sev
eral in St. George. They are of excellent
workmanship and by comparing nothing
appears wrong, but they are perfectly
dead to the ring. They bear the San
Francisco mint mark and are light in
weight.
Evidently a Case of Suicide.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The body of for
mer Commissioner Leonard Wells of
Brooklyn was found in the woods near
Scotch Plains. N. J., yesterday. The
throat was cut and it was evident that
Wells had committed suicide.
MUST OPEN THE
SCHOOLHOUSE
Sound Suggestions of an
Alabama Colored
Leader.
Only One Way to Solve the
Race Question and Make
Good Citizens.
Restriction of the Ballot Necessary to
the Salvation of the
South.
Speclal Dispatch to Tha Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 20.— Booker
T. Washington, a prominent colored
leader and educator of Tuskogee, Ala.,
in an open letter to the constitutional
convention now in session in this city,
after explaining the motives which
prompt him to address the convention,
among other things says:
"Since the war no State has had such
an opportunity to setttle the race ques
tion, so far as it concerns politics, as
is now given to Louisiana. The negro
agrees with you that it Is necessary to
the salvation of the South that restric
tion be put upon the ballot. I know
you have two serious problems before
you — ignorant and corrupt government
on the one hand and on the other a
way to restrict the ballot so that con
trol will be in the hands of the intelli
gent without regard to race.
"With the sincerest sympathy with
you in your efforts to find a way out
of the difficulty, I want to suggest that
no State in the South can make a law
that will provide an opportunity or
temptation for an ignorant white man
to vote and withhold the same oppor
tunity from an ignorant colored man
without injuring both men. Any law
controlling the ballot that is not abso
lutely just and fair to both races will
work more permanent injury to the
whites than to the blacks.
"I beg of you, further, in the degree
that you close the ballot box against
the ignorant, that you open the school
house. More than one-half of the peo
ple of your State are negroes. No State
can long prosper a large percentage of
whose citizens is in ignorance and pov
erty and has no interest in its govern
ment.
"Let the very best educational oppor
tunities be provided for both races,
and, added to this, the enactment of an
election law that shall be incapable of
unjust discrimination, at the same time
providing that in proportion as the ig
norant secure education, property and
character they will be given all the
rights of citizenship. Any other course
will take from one-half your citizens
interest in the State and hope and am
bition to become intelligent producers
and taxpayers, to become useful and
virtuous citizens."
OBSEQUIES OF
MISS WILLARD
Simple but Impressive Services
at the Broadway Taber
nacle, New York.
The Crowded Edifice Beautifully
Decorated— Floral Tributes in
Profusion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— Funeral services
over the remains of Miss Frances E. Wil
lard. president of the World's and Wo
man's Christian Temperance Union, took
place in the Broadway Tabernacle to-day.
The service was held in this city by the
official decree of the W. C. T. U.
On Thursday next a service will be held
at Evanston, 111. Before final interment
takes place, however, the body will lie in
state in Wlllard Hall at the W. C. T. U.
Temple at Chicago probably a greater
portion of Wednesday next, and while en
route to the Westorn metropolis will also
lie in state for a short time in Churchville,
N. V., Miss Willard's birthplace.
The Tabernacle to-day was crowded,
among the attendants being many women
from neighboring States representing the
State unions. A great number of floral
tributes, together with palms, were used
as decorations in the church. Such names
as those of Helen Gould, Susan B. An
thony, Rev. Anna Shaw and many of the
W. C. T. U.s prominent world represent
atives were written on the cards attached
to the floral gifts. In pursuance of a ca
blegram sent by Lady Henry Somerset.
Miss Katherine L. Stevenson, the corre
sponding secretary of the national organ
ization at Chicago, sent a bunch of white
roses, which was placed over the heart
of the dead temperance reformer.
Miss Willard's request that her funeral
service be simple was carried out. Por
tions of the scripture which Miss Willard
loved most were read, her favorite hymns
were sung, and the Methodist Episcopal
funeral service was read. Rev. E. S. Tip
ple, pastor of St. James M. E. Church was
the principal officiating clergyman. He
was assisted by Bishop John Newman
and others. Presidents of State organiza
tions, of which Miss Willard was the na
tional head, were the honorary pall
bearers.
TERMS OF THE WILL OF
MISS FRANCES WILLARD.
Estate Amounts to About $20,000,
Most of Which Goes to the
Temple Fund.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— 8y the terms of the
will of Miss Frances E. Willard, late
president of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union, her estate will pass into
the temple fund, after the life interests
of her secretary. Miss Anna Gordon, and
of her sister-in-law, Mrs. Mary B. Wil
lard, have expired. The property con
sists of Rose Cottage at EZvanston, valued
at $16,000, a small cottage in the Adiron
dacks and $3000 in cash, which was pre
sented to Miss Willard on her fiftieth
birthday.
By the original will the estate was to
pass to the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union, but a codicil dated after the
Buffalo convention diverts it to the Tem
ple fund. The Temple trustees will prob
ably waive their rights and leave the es
tate entirely to the direct beneficiaries.
NO NEWS OF TWELVE
MISSING FISHERMEN.
Fierce Blizzard Prevents a Search
for Them — Fears for Stage
coach Passengers.
MARINETTE, Wls., Feb. 20.— Nothing
has been heard from the twelve fisher
men who started from Green Island lor
this city on Saturday. The storm has
continued so severe that no one has ven
tured on the ice to-day. Friends of the
missing fishermen believe that they must
have found shelter In some of the nsh
shanties on the bay.
The Sturgeon Bay stage, which left here
yesterday rof the east shore, has not been
heard from. It should have reacheu its
destination last night. There were five
passengers and a driver.
All trains to-day were six and seven
hours late, and the snow is drifted fifteen
and twenty feet high. It is still snowing
and blowing, and on this account it Is
impossible to search for the missing
people.
Choked to Death While Drunk.
PASADENA, Feb. 20.— Pablo Pereda. a
Mexican laborer, was found dead this
morning in his room on the Allen ranch,
north of town. Pareda and several com
panions got a jug of wine last night and
became intoxicated. Pareda was found
lying on his back, black in the face. The
Coroner decided that in vomiting he hud
choked to death.
A Postmaster Incinerated.
BUNSBERG, Minn., Feb. 20.— The post
office and store at this place was burned
last night. Postmaster Olaf Kartunen,
who slept in the building, was cremated.
The fire is thought to have been the re
sult of an accident.
SAYS NEITHER NATION
IS READY FOR WAR
Major Smedberg Predicts That the
Maine Affair Will Not Lead
to Strife.
"I do not believe there will be war
with Spain over the Maine incident,"
said Major Smedberg yesterday. "The
people of both Spain and America are
too sensible to fly at each other at this
time. The Spanish Government, I have
no doubt, had nothing to do with the
destruction of the battle-ship. If it was
destroyed by design it was the act of
some person or persons who acted on
their own individual responsibility. Of
course that will not remove the blame
entirely from Spain should it be shown
that the persons who blew up the ves
sel were Spanish subjects. Spain will
then be called upon to pay an indem
nity and there the matter will end,
though there will be a lot of war talk
and many bombastic speeches.
"Spain cannot go to war. It takes
money to carry on a campaign, and
the Spanish Government is bankrupt.
I doubt if she will be able to negotiate
a loan for the purpose of carrying on a
war at the present time. She runs too
great a chance of being whipped, and
no money lender will be found who will
be willing to take chances of advancing
so much capital to a bankrupt nation
under such conditions.
"Then, again, America Is not pre
pared for war. A sensation was sprung
in Congress a short time ago by one of
the Congressmen, who called attention
to the condition of the ammunition
supply of the army and navy. He
showed that there was not enough
powder in the country to supply the
guns of the forts and the batteries to
carry them through one average battle.
If that is so this country would be in a
bad way should war be declared. The
powder manufacturers of the United
States cannot make explosives fast
enough to keep the army and navy
supplied.
"In all the war talk that is now go
ing the rounds, it is said that the Grand
Army veterans could be called upon to
make a great army. I have no doubt
that the members of that organization
would be hurrying to the front as fast
as they could go, but what could they
do if the war should be a long and
hard-fought one. The veterans of the
civil war are now all old men. Those
men are all as loyal and as true to their
c untry as ever, and no .doubt they
would do all that they could, but
though hearts may be strong at their
age the flesh is weak. They could not
stand the work that would be required
of them. The old men would have to
stand back and let the boys do the
fighting. There are about a million
veterans of the Northern army and
about a quarter of a million of veterans
of the Confederate army in America to
day. There is not one man among
them who would not take up the mus
ket again, and, shoulder to shoulder,
battle for the starry flag. But if war
should come now it would not be for
them. The young men must attend to
it. Their fathers have done their share."
Major R. C. Whitefleld, a veteran of
the civil war, sent a dispatch to Presi
dent McKinley on Saturday to the
effect that in case of war he could raise
a brigade on short notice. Whitefield
said he was watching the bulletin
boards in front of the newspaper offices
with some of his friends, nearly all of
whom were veterans of the war. Some
were Confederate officers and some had
fought with the Northern army.
"We have the same old loyal spirit,"
said Whitefield, "and when the bulletin
came along that gave every indication
of war we agreed that we should, if it
came to open hostilities, do our best
to organize a brigade and go to the
front. Among those who were with me
at the time and who encouraged the
plan were: W. J. Bernard, who was a
Confederate soldier; William Darling,
John Sheppard. Captain Rodgers. D. M.
Cashin and Roland P. Sachs. We drew
up the telegram that was sent on to
Washington, but so far we have re
ceived no reply. We feel confident,
however, we can raise a good brigade
should our services be required."
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
Small but Select Fields for Reopen
ing Day at the Local Track.
Ing'eslde track reopens to-day for a spell :
of racing. The entries are not numerous, but
the fields are selected and some good racing
should be witnessed.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Half mile; two-year-olds; selling-.
... Zacatoso 16". I 610 La Paresseuj.e...lu2
603 Odd Eyes 104(54S)Fonnero 110
530 Frank Irelai.d. .V>S I 648 Don't Te!l 102
597 Koxey W2 ... Thlers 108
... Illuminating ....105 ... Reina de Cuba. .los
... Racaban 105
Second Race— Six furlongs.
619 Mainstay 132 612 Lord Marmion..llO
013 Cabrillo 120 4SO Bellicoso 127
553 Triumph 117 571 Hermoso 122
598 Approbation ....107 621 Highland UaU.liO
Third Race — One and an eighth miles; sell
ing.
611 Collins .....1091 611 Can't Dance 109
(617) Peter II 112) 611 Paul Pry H2
546 San Marco 1121 617 Adam Andrew .10?
062 Little Cripple. ..lo9 551 Presidio 109
562 Perseus 109|
Fourth Race — One mile.
587 Traverser 116.' 621 Gotobed 105
605 Los Pnletos 102 547 Glorian 105
<624)Fonsovannah ...105i(698)Torsida 104
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs.
513 King William... lll 617 Draught 104
550 Tulare 101 614 Sutton '08
(540)Fashlon Plate. ..10'i 619 Benamela :07
499 Nic Xac l'J£| ... Won't Dance.. .lo:
570 Outright \>u\ 617 Veragua 104
Sixth Race — Six furlongs.
618 Albina ft I r.2fi Roulette Wheel. X
609 Prince Tyrant. .loo 541 Trolley ICj
(590)Hurly Burly... to 684 Blarney Stone., in
... Scarf Pin :;4
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Formero, Frank Ireland. Odd
Eyes.
Second Race— Lord Marmion, Mainstay, Her
moso.
Third Race— Collins. Can't Dance, Perseus.
Fourth Race — Fonsovannah. Torsida, Gotobed.
Fifth Race— Fashion Plate, Benamela, King
William.
Sixth Race— Trolley, Hurly Burly, Blarney
Stone.
A Grand Reunion.
The San Francisco councils of the
Young Men's Institute have arranged a
patriotic, literary and musical entertain
ment, which will be given at Metropoli
tan Temple .to-morrow afternoon in honor
of Washington's birthday. In the even
ing a grand ball will be held at Native
Sons' Hall as a fitting closing of the days
celebration.
When reading to himself a man
usually gets through 400 words a mm
ute.
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,/
and the flush of Hebe combine in Pobzoni'm
wondrous Powder. 1
PARISIAN
OVATION TO
ROCHEFORT
Wild Demonstration
as He Is Taken to
Prison.
The Streets Filled With
Friends of the Fiery
Journalist.
Troops Lined Up at the Jail, ,
but Are Not Called Into
Action.
A GOOD-HUMORED THRONG
After Repeatedly Cheering the Pris
oner They Disperse Singing
Patriotic Songs.
— — — — —
Special Dispatch to The Call. 1
PARIS, Feb. 20.— Two thousand peo
ple assembled this afternoon in front of
the Saint Pelagic Prison, well-known
as a prison for offending journalists, to j
greet Henri Rochefort, editor of the In
transigeant, on his entering to serve a
sentence of five days' imprisonment for
libeling Joseph Renaich, Conservative
Deputy for the District of Dlegne and
editor of the Ilepublique Francaise, by
charging him with intending to prove
the innocence of Alfred Dreyfus by the
use of forged documents.
At first there were no signs of force
to preserve order, but as the crowd in
creased a company of Republican
Guards headed by buglers and drum
mers, a detachment of police and two ;
squadrons of cuirassiers were drawn up j
on each side of the square in front of j
the prison. The troops were received
with cries of "Vive l'Armee."
It was 4 o'clock before M. Rochefort
arrived. The crowd flocked around his
carriage, shouting "Vive Rochefort,"
and "Vive la Commune," the police be
ing powerless to restrain them.
M. Rochefort alighted, waving his
handkerchief, and escorted by the po
lice walked to the prison gates. About
fifty of his friends, including Ernest ;
Roche, one of the Deputies for Paris,
the editor of Le Jour, and the assistant
editor of the Intransigeant, accompan
ied him inside the building among con
tinuous cheers from the populace.
The. warders, with the governor of
the prison at their side, were waiting,
cap in hand, and respectfully received
the prisoner. The crowd meanwhile
dispersed singing the Carmagnole and
shouting "Vive Rochefort" and "Vive
la Commune," and completely block
ing traffic on the Rue Monge. So far,
though there was much excitement, the
crowd was good-humored.
Suddenly a npw gathering of 3000.
headed by MM. Millevole. Thiehaini and
Kvt:is. marched toward the Pantheon,
yelling: "Down with Zola!" and "Death to
the Jews'". The police formed across thg
road and stopped the progress of the
demonstration.
MM. Thiebaud and Millevoie began
haranguing the crowd from some steps,
despite the efforts of the .police to dis
lodge them. They advised the crojvd to
disperse in orderly fashion, but to keep
strength for another occasion.
M. Thiebaud eulogized M. Rochefort as
the man who will "Toll the knell of the
Jews." Finally the mob dispersed, amid
shouts of "Conspuez Zola!" and similar
cries.
MM. Millevole and Thiebaud went to.
the police station to demand the libera
tion of a dozen people. Including the ed
itor of Petit Paris, arrested in the course
of the demonstration.
CONSTABLE AMBUSHED
AND ASSASSINATED.
Dastardly Deed of a Gang of Out-*
laws, Whose Lynching Is
Expected.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Feb. 20.— E. G. }
Massey, a prominent citizen and Con-«,
stable of Franklin Township, Little River!
County, was murdered six miles from.
Ashdown last night by Ned Atkins and
his son and two negroes, whom he was
trying to arrest. Massey was shot from
ambush, his lungs being torn from hi 3:
body by bullets. Massey had previously-;
arrested Charles Johnson. Altken's son-!
in-law, for carrying»a pistol, and Johnson
had escaped. About midnight Constable
Massey and Richard Dickens, a deputy,
started to Aiken's house to arrest John
son. When near the house the officers,
were fired on from ambush, and Massey
fell from his horse, his body riddled with,
buckshot and Winchester balls. The
negroes rushed from cover anu opened
fire upon Dickens, but he put spurs to hi 3
horse and escaped. Excitement runs hign,
and a lynching is probable if Aiken and;
Johnson are captured.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . >■
n IS IT Let WHISKY get the BEST
111 IN I of you. GET the BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the i
_££--- . "!. GENUINE ;■:■
EnrJt i DISTILLERY
"T\j ' sSsrM \ BOTTLING OF
"km OLD
fm PEPPER
pIi«KT.
ffiJw^^tHT^Al 1M Bot'.led and Distilled
!^^^^:\JA S-E.S -E. PEPPER
-|^i^| r f |^ Lexington, K».
' \L.;. "~" [ Under tha same FOR-
,' jgy^- \ ffl'" I vCn **""" I' MIJLA for more than 100 '
vX^. tScffirSA ""*"■ i YEARS; is guaranteed
_, / %- BUESaa'-'"'- 1 ABSOLUTELY .
fa t'w4GßB&& ri :: ' PUREST and BEST, in
tl^S^W®; 1 ciymr pK r t| B
H; i^j-tiiNGTON | oAMrLt bAot $13
not satisfactory, can ba
mm^^^m^^^^^ 'returned and money will
■ be refunded. ■ :
CARROLL &~ CARROLL.
• ; 306 Market; Street^'
. v; " Sole Agents for the ' Pacific Coast. • ' ' . "
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPON*.KILPATRICK TO
BE PUT UPON
THE RACK
Principal of the Busi
ness School Is
Accused.
Charged With Unprofes
sional Conduct and
"Worse.
His Accuser Raleigh P. Hooe,
Who Makes a Vigorous
Arraignment.
CHARGES ALREADY FILED.
Text of the Document Awaiting
Action by the Board of
Education.
The merry war recently inaugurated
within the Board of Education of the
City and County of San Francisci buls
■fair to furnish some sensational de
velopments in the near future. One
cf the initial skirmishes in the cam
paign will consist of the case of Prin
cipal E. C. Kilpatrick of the Business
Evening School, now under suspension
pending charges of a very serious na
ture.
The formal charge against Mr. Kil
patrick was filed last Saturday with |
tl.e president of the board by Raleigh P. i
"Hooe, and it is understood that it will
be taken up at the next meeting of the
board.
Following is a verbatim copy of the
document in question:
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 19, 189 S.
Honorable. Charles L. Harrington, Presi
dent Board of Education, City and !
County of San Francisco:
Dear Sir: I Raleigh P. Hooe, a citizen j
of the City and County of San Francisco-,
do hereby prefer the following charges ■
against Mr. E. C. Kilpatrick. a teacher .
in the San Francisco school department, ;
and (previous suspension by your hon- !
orable board) the principal of the busi
ness evening school of this city and j
county.
These charges are based partly on In
formation and belief and partly by per
sonal knowledge of the matters alleged i
hereinafter.
The substance of these charges will be ;
unprofessional conduct, specifically enum- ■
era ted as follows:
First— That said E. C. Kilpatrick did !
:. from Director Samuel L. Waller,
<-r. May 11, 1897. a letter written by said i
"Waller and addressed to School Director
Thomas A. Burns, asking the latter to aid
aii.i assist said Kilpatrick in a matter
of investigation before the rules commit- i
tee. winch was then under consideration, !
ar.d which involved the said Kilpatrick. :
Having received the letter, said Kilpat
rick did willfully pervert the use of this I
letter, inasmuch as he had a duplicate
copy made and certified to before a •
ii"tury public before lie delivered the orig-
InaJ letter to Director Thomas A. Burns.
The puriioff of obtaining: said duplicate ■
racticsuly for the purpose of biack
mall, inasmuch as he was to use the j
us a threat to hold over Director !
"Waller's head and compel the latter's
lahip during his term as school I
- tor. The letter, having been given
: rlendly way to Kilpatrick by Wal
.'■>uld have been delivered to Dlrec-
Jf - Thomas A. Burns, undisturbed, but If
".lpatrick had discovered anything in
the letter which he thought might lead
to the exposure of anything irregular or
illegal in the act of any school director !
or school directors his duty was to have
notified the proper authority, either the
president of the Board of Education, in
good faith, or the Grand Jury, then sit
ting. His action in this matter was clear
ly unprofessional and unworthy the con- '
duct of a teacher in the school depart
ment
Second— That said E. C. Kilpatrick i
during the months of October, November
and December, 15*97, and January, 1596. re
ported to President Barringtou a story
that he would-soon have School Director j
Dr. D. F. Ragan under his thumb, inas
much as he, Kilpatrick, was possessed of '
Information concerning an alleged agree- i
ment between Dr. D. F. Ragan and one
D. E. Stanton, a substitute teacher in the i
Business Evening School, all of which has !
been stated and sworn to by C. L. Bar- ;
rington before a notary public in and for I
the City and County of San Francisco on
the 3d day of February. ls&S. Said action
on the part of Kilpatrick was not per
formed in good faith, as he Intended to
use hie information for the purpose of
blackmail Instead of furnishing such in
formation to the proper authority. This
was unprofessional on the part of said
E. C. Kilpatrick.
Third— That on the day of February
aald Kilpatrick did, at the rooms of the
Board of Education, Illegally sign a de
mand giving to Substitute Teacher D. E.
Stanton five (5> days' extra salary for
vacation during Jubilee week, said act
being contrary to the rules. When his,
KJlpatrick's, attention was called to this I
Illegality by said R. P. Hooe, he, Kilpat- I
rick, stated to Hooe: "You and I know j
that it is not right, but Stanton told me I
that Ragan has said it would be all i
right." Further, said Kilpatrick informed
■ third person of this Incident, with the i
Idea of involving School Director Dr. D. ;
P. R a gran in 6ome illegal proceeding. All ■
of which Is unprofessional, and such con
duct 1b unbecoming a teacher in the de-
partment.
Fourth — That he has, from time to time
during the year 1897-98, been guilty of un
professional conduct toward teachers in
his school In plotting and planning to
have them removed In an Illegal way and
detailing said plots and plans to other
persons.
Fifth— That hi* general conduct as
principal in the management of the Busi
ness Evening School has been unprofeß-
Bional to the highest degree, inasmuch as
he has maliciously circulated false and
scandalous reports about certain class
teachers, to the detriment of these teach
ers, and that at no time, either in writ-
Ing or In person, did he request in the
regular way, of the proper committee or
any officer of the board, any assistance
in peeking an honorable transfer of any
teacher from his school.
Sixth— That he, during the month of
June, IW>7, acted in an unprofessional way
'.: requesting a pupil in his school, one
J )hn Savage, to act as his Rpy and fur
r.ish him with adverse reports as to the
conduct of Miss O. G. Donovan, a class
tf-.-t'.her in his school, etc.
RALEIGH P. HOOE.
Hotel Saroy. city.
r-'ubsoribed and sworn to before me
mh day of February. 1838.
CHARLES W. WELCH,
Pecrr>tary Bnard of Education.
Above charges received by me Febru
> arv 19, i
r CHARLES L. HARRINGTON.
Mr. Hooe, who is assistant secretary
of the Hoard of Education, was seen at
his rooms at the Savoy Hotel last night
regarding th^ charges formulated and
by him, but he very positively de
clined to discuss the matter pending
the action of the board, which meets to
consider the subject as a committee of
the whole next Wednesday afternoon.
At the present time there are about
forty lighthouses and beacons erected
maintained by the Newfoundland
A "rnment. There are also fog sig
nals and bell buoys at the most dan
ia points around the coast. Those
warnings cost about $45,000 a year.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never fails. 2sc.*
THE WOMAN WHO DID NOT
CUT OUT HER BABY'S TONGUE
Nicasio is vexed; she has been represented as harboring a female monster.
Nicasio is hurt; she has been accused of leaving that monster's children to
starve. Nicasio resents both stories as aspersion of her fair fame. She wishes
It distinctly understood that she is neither indecent nor Inhospitable.
I went up to see Nicasio and her female monster— the mother who was
said to have cut out her child's tongue that its crying might no longer an
noy her 1 found Nicasio an Alpine village of rounded hills and lovely val
leys, covered with rich grass, upon which the jerseys, making pictures of
themselves, pose, forever expectant of the landscape painter who shall trans
fer their sleek, gentle, deerlike prettiness to canvas.
I didn't find the female monster, though. In her place, I saw a woman,
ignorant desperately poverty stricken, clothed in an odd assortment of cast
off skirts and waists, living the life of an animal and doing a man's work. But
she is neither insane nor a miracle of cruelty. She did not cut out the. tongue
of her baby. One reason, perhaps, is that she has no baby.
The Machados— the name was erroneously given as Silviera; or it may be
that this family followed the example of other Portuguese families and changed
its name with its residence-the Machados consist of a father, Lorenzo Ma
chado his wife, his two sons and his two daughters. The youngest child is 8
years 'old. There is no baby, and-leavfng aside newspaper accounts— there
has been no baby for many years.
The foundation of the whole awful tale lies in this: Years ago the father
was accused of having cut out the tongue of one of his boys or of having
threatened to do so. A woman up in Nicasio repeated the tale, and it grew
and it grew like the little peach in the orchard, till the western world came
to think of poor Madame Machado as of a female lower in Intelligence and al
truism than the most brutish mother in animaldom.
Madame Machado. by the W&, is supremely ignorant of her reputation. She
is wholly unaware that, under the name of Silviera, she has shocked us all.
She is as stupid, as gentle, as dirty, as humble as ever. She knows not that
the greatness of notoriety has been thrust upon her. Her untutored mind
could not grasp, I think, the picture of herself which has been photographed
upon our mental retinas. She could not imagine herself a savage giantess, a
cruel bloody Amazon, a half naked lunatic. The last emotion in the world
that she would hope to rouse— could such a mind as hers be endowed with in
trospection enough to realize the effect of her personality upon others— is fear.
You might pity Madame Machado— you would if you had seen her as I saw
her yesterday You might be seized with repulsion for the almost inconceiv
able squalor in which she and her children live. But it would never occur to
you to associate fear with this woman. For, after all. there is a sort of respect
for the muscles or for the brain of the creature one fears. Poor Madame Ma
chado has neither the one nor the other in quantity sufficient to frighten any-
If you go up to the top of the ridge of mountains facing Nicasio— as you'll
have to do if you're seeking the constable— you look down upon a prettily
peaceful panorama of hills and valleys, all dotted with those slow-moving
specks, the cattle, which are the entries on the credit side of the bank ac
count Nicasio keeps with nature.
But right in the midst of all this agricultural richness is a piece ef land
covered with a riotously beautiful tangle of laurel and hazel, madrone and
young redwood, wild black berries and all the pretty tangle that forms the
' Californian undergrowth. This is "Portuguey" land, you will be told. And
: when you exclaim in praise of its wild, fresh beauty, you're likely to be an
j swered, as I was, "Yes, it's great for pretty; but it ain't nothin' for makin' a
The prettiest and the most uncultivated bit of "Portuguey" land, the heart
of the forest. ha 3 been leased by Lorenzo Machado. And it is of these three or
four hundred acres of brush that an old resident of Nicasio, who's as shrewd
as he is kindly, remarked: "It would make a jack-rabbit weep to be told that
he'd have to run over the place."
We drove along through a beautiful, winding path that borders on what
will be Nicasio Creek in summer. We turned up into the Machado domain,
intending to call upon the female monster. But no one was at home. A lean,
black dog barked and tore at its tethering. A lot of black* pigs fled squeal
ing and grunting down the untidy lane. A disconsolate hen, with that ever
present consciousness that she's it which only a hen can possess, scuttled away
where none pursued. The skeleton of a horse lay in graceful abandon in the
I little heaped-up yard behind the house. A little lower there was another—
remnants of the unburied carcasses of the horses Machado brought with him
four months ago when he came to Nicasio and lost in his shiftless misfortune ;
of not having provided shelter for them. Against the side of the house — a
; tnree-roomed unsubstantial shanty — a sheep's skin was nailed, the raw side
i attracting the visitor's nauseated attention — and the flies. And in the corner
a few feet away lay the skinned, ghastly carcass. X T gh! what a horrifying
thing living is when one is brought face to face with the rudiments of it!
Through the open door one might behold Madame Machado's kitchen,
which is also her drawing room and banqueting hall, and, incidentally, her
stable, too, for a big bale of hay half fills the place. Oh, of course, there is no
disgrace in poverty — when poverty is not also filth and neglect.
Then we sought the Machados further down the creek toward town.
The whole family of six was engaged in making a clearing. Lor -nzo Ma
chado, a brigand of a man with bushy black beard and a face that loes not
contradict the stories one hears about his passionate temper, his crue», execu
tive rage; and further on the pitiful female monster. In her pitifully fantas
tical, ragged clothes; and the two little girls, their bodies — not badly nourished
bodies, apparently — covered with the impossible collection of garments one can
see only on the stage when melodrama is at its whiningest.
"So poor," murmurs the poor apologetic female monster. "No clothes."
They lack stockings, these children of the brush, and their bare, tough lit
tle brown legs have the polish and the endurance of the savage's. But they're
not wild animals. They do not scurry away at one's approach, though they
chatter to each other in Portuguese about one and one's probable mission, like
the Piutes or the Chinese, with that sardonic, cackling laughter that makes
one take an Impersonal and not very flattering view of htmself. The boys have
Intelligent faces, with that native smartness which is as much part of their
stock in trade as it Is of the animal's, whose unprotected struggle for exist
ence their lives imitate. Lorenzo Machado's wife is lean and lithe. Her face
is thin and brown, her eyes are bright and black; her black, straight squaw
like hair straggles down on her thin shoulders from under her queer cap.
"Cannot spik Ingllsh," she manges to murmur deprecatingly, and then she
calls "Manuel! Manuel!" And Manuel comes to Interpret. Four children, he
says, in the Machado family. And his mother holds up four knotted, gnarled,
worn fingers in corroboration. He tells his mother the story of the mutilated
tongue, and one by one she calls the children to her and has them put out their
tongues, and it looks like an absurd, piteous family party erf mocking Invalids,
presenting tongues to the doctor in command.
No, there is nothing In that story of the Machados. But there is a dark
side of the family life, which one would believe is darkened sufficiently by
such bitter poverty. There were tales of that black-bearded husband and
father's cruelty, which compelled Nicasio to remonstrate with the man, whose
pleasure it was to use a penknife or a sharp-pronged fork to enforce his com
mands. Twice the Machado boys have taken to the forest; once they were
beaten and the second time when they feared a beating.
But Nicasio doesn't propose to be famous for Machados. She pins her faith
to butter. Madame Machado may drive the cows and chop up brush and toil
with all her family on the ranch. She is not the only woman in the valley
that does as much of the work on the farm as the husband does. But Ma
chado and his temper, Nicasio is bent upon watching. She will pityingly and
helpfully tolerate poverty. She will disgustedly tolerate untidiness. But she
will not tolerate brutality and indecency. And Machado may as well know
that the eye of Nicasio is upon him.
The monster of Nicasio, if there be one, and if the tales one hears are true,
is a rrfiile monster.
"He's no a man," says another Portuguese who has earned the respect of
Nicasio. "He's a dav'."
"Day," it may be well to explain, is Portuguese English for devil.
Nicasio's constable had a talk with the "day" yesterday. He sat sociably
down amid the brush, while Machado desisted temporarily from his work. And
ther« the "day" received not his first lesson on the ethics of living, as inter
preted by the voice of law and decency.
It's aH a tit of the old-world poverty and wretchedness set down in the
newest parp -o! the new world. And the only consolation one may take in the
harrowing' story of the manner of these people's life Is that knowing no other,
no better, they do not realize what they suffer and what they are denied.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
WANTS A FJJLL COUNT.
Auditor Broderick Anxious to Know
About "Special" Treasury
Deposits.
Auditor Broderick sent a communica
tion to Mayor Phelan last Thursday in
which he suggested that in future It
might be well that the special deposits
as well as the fixed funds in the vaults
be counted at the monthly inspection.
It Is the custom of the Tax Collector,
License Collector and County Clerk to
deposit large sums of money each day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
the same being received as special de
posits, and placed in the names of the
officials that head these departments.
Settlements with the Treasurer by the
officials mentioned are made once a
month and it might be possible for a
serious discrepancy to occur between
the time the monthly accounting takes
place and the date on which the coin
is counted.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. *
SIXTY POUNDS
OF NUGGETS
A Second Fortune From
the Blue Jay Comes
to Town,
The Graves Brothers Arrive
With $16,000 Worth
of Raw Gold.
Took It Out in One Month in the
Klondike of Their Own Up
on Coffee Creek.
A record of $16,000 for the labor of
two men working for four weeks
amid California pines is not calculated
to inspire trips to the auriferous ice
fields of the Yukon.
No, the Graves brothers and Henry-
Carter are not going to the Klondike.
They have just come out from Coffee
Creek, Trinity County, on another trip
to the Mint, and they arrived yester
day on the train from Redding, which
brought in the express car about sixty
two avoirdupois pounds of yellow gold
fresh from the famous Blue Jay mine.
When a prospector comes to town
with about all the gold he can carry
a mile and a half he might be expected
I to feel lucky and haughty and buy
a plug hat. The Graves boys and
their young partner feel lucky and
smile without great effort, but they
were not wearing plug hats when they
registered at the Golden West, and
I they didn't display any more hauteur
than they do around the little cabin
at the mouth of Coffee Creek or at
McNamara's poker game at Trinity
Center.
Their return with another star story
of California mining recalls the sensa
ticn cf last August, which made these
men End the Blue Jay mine famous.
There were the eight years of patient
prospecting mixed with work for wages
i to keep the pot boiling, the long inter
: mittent trailing of evidences of a
I pocket mine in Morrison Gulch the
I eudcen finding of thousands, and then
! the tti!ke a few feet underground of
I the we rld's biggest nugget, about four
feet long, though it was broken up in
getting it out. The boys said they
took out $52,000 altogether from oni
lf«-foot tunnel, and then followed the
Coffee Creek rush, which resulted, of
| course, in several hundred being dis
appointed andidisgusted and a few flnd
! ing piosptcts which may tura out to be
valuable.
When the Graves boys went back
they bought new buggies and watches,
and for some reason or other best
: known to themselves they didn't do
: any more work in the Blue Jay until
last month. Meantime John Graves
had put up a sawmill, where Coffee
Creek empties into the Trinity River,
| about sixty miles from the railroad]
.' and has been getting out lumber, while
Richard Graves and Henry Carter re
sumed operations at the mine. The
' three hold placer claims on Morrison
j Gulch amounting to over ninety acres,
and on this ground they have two
; quartz claims; one the Blue Jay. A
i blind ledge of refractory ore was
: found, and accompanying it a peculiar
vein of soft matter, bearing black man
ganese, talc, etc. Thi.s soft vein is full
! of pockets, and the gold has been taken
' In chunks of all sizes from it as the
i tunnel has followed it.
"When Dick and Carter went to work
again about five weeks ap<> they start
ed a tunnel down on a level with the
j creek, fifty feet below the other one,"
| said John Graves yesterday. "They
found the first gold before they had got
In three feet, and they kept finding it
strung along as far as they went, and
; the tunnel is in forty feet. The biggest
': piece is worth about $300, and It is all
; sizes from that down to dust, which
was panned out at the creek. The
quartz in the ledge is four feet thick,
and that I reckon to be worth $1000 a
ton on the average, but we haven't
worked any of it yet. Will put up some
sort of a mill this year and will sink a
bhaft from the tunnel. We've got as
good a Klondike as we want."
Bars, a padlock and a watchman in
a cabin guard the Blue Jay tunnel
while the lucky owners take a week's
i vacation in the city and cash their raw
gold. The Trinity County nuggets will
go to the mint to-day.
HALL ERECTED IN
A SINGLE DAY
The Members of Two Improve
ment Clubs Accomplish
a Great Feat.
Cortland Avenue Residents Desire to
Have Streetcar Ser
vice.
The members of the Cortland-avenue
Improvement Club, assisted by the mem
bers of the Precis. Valley Improvement
Club, who generously gave their services,
succeeded yesterday in accomplishing a
feat in building that has never been ex
celled even if it has been equaled. Be
tween sunrise and sunset they started
and completed the CortlanU-avenue im
provement Club Hall.
This handsome building stands on Fol
som street, between Cortland and Jef
ferson avenues. It is 25 feet broad by 70
long, and has a pitched roof. The dis
tance from the main floor to the ceiling I
is 13 feet 6 Inches. The entire building
was completed and plumbing put in, and
when this had been done, the flag, which
had been donated to the club, was floated
from the top of the hall in testimony of
the accomplishment of a feat of which
forty men, who worked like beavers, have
every reason to feel proud.
The obect in erecting the hall is to get
the city to take some steps toward run
ning the Folsom-street cars over iiernal
Heights or else out Cortland avenue, in
order that the people of that sect.on may
have some sort of railway connection
wiui the city, which at present they have
not. The district contains 700 voters, and
they think that it is only proper t nat
their convenience should be looked after.
The architect of the hall is Henry Mey
ers, and he superintended its erection,
while the plumbing was put in by George
Smith. The following are the officers of
the Cortland-avenue Improvement Club:
Carl Thornberg, president; J K. Johan
sen, vice-president; W. Ford, financial
secretary; William J. Bell, recording sec
retary, and M. Bogue. treasurer. The fol
lowing members compose the executive
committee: M. Ferguson, John Lennon,
V. Wrenn, C. Hiilgren and F. Newbert.
The labor of erecting the hall was free,
but the building itself ie valued by the
club at $1000. The members of both clubs
were furnished with an elegant and
sumptuous dinner by the following- ladies
of the district: Mrs. William J. Bell, Mrs.
H. Morris. Mrs. J. MoLester, Mrs B.
Murphy. Mrs. P. Trainer, Mrs. John Gal
lice and Mrs. John Dunmore.
To Cure a Cold If) One Day.
Take Laxative' Bromo : Quinine Tablets. All
druerl«t« refund th« money if .it; falls to cure.
15c. The genulo" baa I* B. Q. on each tablet
`NEATH THE FOLDS OF OLD GLORY.
Wives and Daughters of Members of the Society of
California Pioneers Receive.
There was a brilliant gathering at
the reception given Saturday afternoon
by the wives and daughters of mem
bers of the Society of California Pio
neers at the hall of the association in
Pioneer Building on Fourth street.
The hall was beautifully decorated.
The fragrant spring blossoms that fill
ed every nook and corner seemed to
carry out the striking contrast between
the hoary pioneers and the fair young
women — daughter and granddaughter—
who looked after the comfort of these
men who made California's history,
and assisted in receiving their guests.
From everywhere the folds of Old
Glory hung gracefully, either with car
essing touch draping the picture of
some prominent Californian or lending
Its inspiring touch to convert a bare
and awkward corner into a thing of
beauty. In the main reception-room
the wives of ex-presidents and officers
of the society received the guests.
To the side, in this main reception
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
Inspector's Reports That
Have Been Long
Delayed.
Hope That the Wonderfully
Made-Up Red Book Will
Be Revived.
Question of Ceremonials — The Signal
Corps, Third Brigade, Moving.
Troop C's Skirmish.
Ever since the reports of the Inspector
of the National Guard of California,
Captain Carrington, U. S. A., have been
filed with the War Department and
duplicates with the adjutant-general of
the State, the officers and men have
been anxiously looking for the publication
of the reports, which were filed many
months ago, but they have not yet ap
peared. Sorr.e time ago Adjutant-Gen
eral A. W. Barrett was aaked for copies
of the reports for use In the National
Guard department of The Call, and the
answer was that there was but the orig
inal copy and that there were no funds
to have copies printed. It was then sug
gested that as the guardsmen were
anxious to learn what the Inspector had
said about them, that a representative
of The Call would visit the headquarters
at Sacramento and make a copy of the
reports, but that proposition was not ac
cepted, yet there was an implied promise
that a typewritten copy would be fur
nished, but though many weeks have
passed, the typewritten copy has not ap
peared. The men will be inspected again
shortly, probably in April, and it is most
likely that it will be without a knowledge
of any faults that the inspector may have
discovered and noted in reports. Had
they a knowledge of any faults he may
have noted, the men would be willing
to act on the suggestions and correct the
errors pointed out.
The hope is expressed in the guard, now
that Major-General John H. Dickinson
has assumed command as division com
mander, that, being a lawyer, well versed
In military as well as other law, he will
direct attention to and urge the neces
sity of a revision of the Red Book, which
is "the vade mecum of the guard when
it is as it ought to be, and not as it is,
a mass of contradictions that are so con
fusing as to be utterly useless.
There Is need for some attention on the
subject of ceremonies in the guard. In the
matter of ceremonies there are as many
ideas as to what is the correct thing as
there are heads of departments. Some time
ago there was a funeral, at which one of
ficer and his staff appeared in full dress,
another officer and his staff appeared in
fatigue uniforms, and still another officer
and his staff appeared in Prince Albert
suits and dress hats. Had the reception
by the officers of the U. S. S. Marion not
been postponed there would probably
have been another exhibition of lack of
uniform knowledge in ceremonials. A
prominent officer of the naval militia be
ing asked if it was expected that all offi
cers of the guard should appear at the re
ception in uniform, the reply was: "Of
course, in full dress uniform." "But."
suggested the seeker after knowledge, "If
I am correctly informed, the officers of
the naval militia will not on that day
wear full dress uniforms but service
uniforms." "Well," responded the naval
officer, musingly, "that's true, they cant
wear anything else, because they haven't
got any full dress uniforms." "Then,"
continued the party addressed, "the prop
er caper would be for the visitors to ap
pear in service uniforms, for the invited
guests who wear uniforms, unless in the
diplomatic service of a foreign country,
should not appear in uniform different
from that worn by the officers expending
the invitation." "Now," added the naval
officer, "let us see what the Red Book
says on that point." That wonderfully
made up book was consulted and after it
had been examined from first to last, the
two men looked at each other and each
simultaneously exclaimed, "Nit!"
During the past week there has been
but little discussed in National Guard
circles except the disaster on the Maine
and the possible outcome should the re
sult of the examination clearly demon
strate that the blowing up of the vessel
was not an accident. The spirit of the
members of the land and the sea forces
of the guard is one that shows that every
man is ready to stand up for the Con
stitution of the United States and to de
fend "Old Glory." Should there be 'any
necessity for a call for men those of the
National Guard of California wlil be
among the first to respond.
No general orders have been Issued for
a parade of the guard on the 22d lnst., but
Colonel Guthrie has ordered a field day
for the Second Infantry in Sacramento
on that day and Troop C at Salinas will
have a skirmish drill.
SIGNAL CORPS, THIRD BRIGADE.
On Washington's birthday the signal
corps of the Third Brigade will start out
on a bicycle run from Sacramento with
full signaling equipments and engage In
an afternoon s signal practice. These runs
are very popular with the members of the
Corporal C. W. Taylor, a member of
this corps, has re-enlisted for another
year, and Edward H. Harvey, another
member, who had been residing: in San
Francisco for several months, has re
turned to Sacramento and made that
place his home again. He goes back to
the corps, and as he has always been an
active member of the corps his comrades
are glad to have him with them again.
The corps is waiting an opportunity to
make another record. Tt is likely that
the members will try the Mount Diablo
and Marysville Buttes line again. The
distance between points la ninety miles.
TROOP C OF SALINAS.
The members of Troop C, located at Sa
linas, have started a boom In the line
of getting up entertainments for the pur
pose of raising a fund with which to pro
cure full-dress uniforms. Each of these
entertainments has been very successful,
they being liberally patronized by the
room, was a table spread with all the
good things of the season.
On the other side of the hall was the
tea room, with its dainty Chinese tea
table and its corps of pretty young
misses whose duty it was to dispose of
as many cups of tea as the pioneer
and his guests would permit.
On the floor was the punch
room, and here Henry Heyman and his
orchestra of selected musicians ren
dered a delightful programme.
The ladies of the reception committee
were all attired in elegant reception
gowns. Much costly lace was worn
and many jewels glittered.
The ladies of the reception commit
tee were: Mrs. J. H. Jewett, Mrs. L. L.
Baker, Mrs. H. L. Dodge, Mrs. Niles
Searls, Mrs. S. H. Willey, Mrs. H. N.
Tilden, Mrs. Lucius A. Booth, Mrs. John
D. Tallant, Mrs. Louis, Sloss, Mrs. P. B.
Cornwall, Mrs. E. M. Root, Mrs. Leon
Sloss, Mrs. C. D. Cleveland, Mrs. A. R.
Cotton, Mrs. Wm. H. Pratt, Mrs. Wm.
people of Salinas and vicinity, who In
more ways than one have demonstrated
their friendship for the troop.
Last Wednesday the troop, fifty strong,
dismounted, preceded by field music, went
to the residence of Trooper T. F. Wohler
and there serenaded him and his bride, as
the trooper recently became a benedict.
Following ate the names of the com
pany who scored 45 at the third quarterly
State shoot at Sherwood Park: Lieuten
ant F. Vierra. First Sergeant W. H. Har
vey, Trumpeter L. O. Malley, J. Lehman,
E. Hawkins and John Harvey.
The troop has extended to a limited
number of the business men of Salinas the
use of the gymnasium, baths and parlors.
The troop has one of the best equipped
gymnasiums in the State.
On Washington's birthday the troop will
be out for skirmish drill In Sherwood
Park. Captain M. J. Burke commanding
the troop has 9000 rounds of ammunition
for the use of the men in field movements.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
There will be a large number of persons
disappointed at not having an opportun
ity to be present at the reception on the
Marion that had been arranged by the
officers of that vessel for to-morrow, but
under the circumstances attendant on the
destruction of the Maine and the great
loss of life it would not be meet and prop
er to have an official reception at this
time. This recall of the many invitations
will not interfere with the entertainment
that is to be given this evening on board
of the vessel by the men of the two divi
sions located at this port.
During the past week the armory was
removed from the old headquarters on
East street to the ship, and during the
same time the vessel has been wired, bo
th»t this evening she will be lighted up
with electricity.
Last Tuesday the men of the two divi
sions were driiled by the Junior officers.
NOW THEY CAN'T
FIND THEIR MAN
The Police Had a Smooth
Crook, but Let Him Go
Uncharged.
W. A. Davis, Wanted for Passing
Bogus Chocks, Is Not to
Be Found.
The police are now very anxious to find
W. A. Davis, a smooth crook and all
around confidence man, and If captured
he won't be released as quickly as he was
when landed in the tanks on the Ist lnst.
The charge against Davis this time Is
that of passing worthless checks to a con
siderable amount, and a warrant is in the
hands of Detective Dinan, who expects to
be able to find his man. as he is well
known at his various haunts In the ten
derloin.
Davis came here from Los Angeles the
latter part of January and registered at
the Lick under an assumed name. He
tried to pass, a bogus check on Frank
Dietz at his saloon on Montgomery street,
and Officer Rooker of the California
street station took him in and placed his
name in the detinue book. Tne officer
then began to hunt up Davis' record and
found that he was well known to the
sporting fraternity as a "sure thing" and
"short card" gambler, and it was subse
quently learned that he had defrauded a
number of hotels, among them the Win
sor of this city, but none of the hotel
keepers cared to prosecute him. While
Davis was in the City Prison, where he
was held for two days, the Sheriff of Mon
terey County saw him and identified him as
the "Eastern tourist" who had passed a
number of bogus checks while sojourning
in that part of the country. The wife of
Davis visited him at the prison and pro
tested his Innocence of any wrong do-
Ing, though she admitted that she knew
he was a gambler. Davis himself didn't
deny the latter charge, but freely told of
his work with the cards and dice, and
gave a minute explanation of how he
loaded dice and "fixed" cards with the
various tools found in his possession.
Despite all the evidence tending to show
that Davis was a pretty clever bunco
man, for some reason known to the upper
office he was released without having any
charge placed against him, and hence he
is not to be found when wanted.
The police are reticent as to the number
and amount of the checks passed by Da
vis, but one was passed on Billy Abbott,
the saloon keeper on Grant avenue. This
is said to have been for $120 and drawn on
the Hibernla Bank of this city. Abbott
when seen last night acknowledged that
he had been duped, but refused to give
any information on the subject.
Will Hold a Klondike Social.
The Ladles' Aid Society of the Simpson
Memorial Church will hold a unique so
cial in the church parlors on the evening
of Washington's birthday, Tuesday, the
22d inst. Dawson City in miniature will
be produced in the lecture-room, and
tents will be erected for the accommoda
; ; ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
i ; The Best Ml
7^ Teas of Japan 1;
jfoL '" '■- '- :\: \ are the best t
■^fC: teas of the world.  I.
__ j^j Carefully grown and K .
I> s"^^ prepared by ;an ? mv ft
\[^ proved process which * -■!
■~*JjF^i. v. insures perfect purity ' «#» I !)
Ml . and retains all the •JT|.
: WP>* i - strength f and , flavor I
j^Sjjgt. of- the- succulent m* I
jgSjSfF leaves and -buds. sf»
■KJi|ii A cup of Japan Tea AXI
ViS^K "invigorates in the H
y&g, fe '; ■ morning and refreshes ■' \Jr\ :
i^j^ lit ally inspected by the ** I
■ "Japanese officials. : ~- ■'^ I
jPP®t> All good ■ grocers — I
. 1 -V* sell Japan Tea. ;-- -.-■ I■' l<
Z. Tiffany, Mrs. H. B. Russ.
They were assisted in their pleasant
duties by the Misses Agnes and Isa
belle Lowry, Miss Mabel Ayer, Miss
Alice Greenwald, Miss Gerstle, Mrs.
Fanny Lent, Miss Lilienthal, Miss
Wethered, Miss Dutton, Miss Maud
Younger, Mrs. Frank Wilson, Mrs.
Ransome, Miss Eugenia Ware, Miss
O'Callaghan, Miss Fanny Harris, Mrs.
O. P. Evans and Miss Harrington.
The musical programme of the after
noon was as follows:
March, "Stars and Stripes Forever" Snusa
Overture, ' 'Jubilee Weber
Waltz, "Artist's Life" Strauss
Introduction to third act "Lohengrin"
Wagner
Idylle, "The Village Blacksmith" Puerner
Serenade Tl 1 1
Selections, "Faust" Gounod
Intermezzo Russe Waloff
Waltz, "The Blue Danube" Straus3
Selections, "Cavalleria" Mascagni
Popular Airs Gllmore
Soldier's Life Keler-Bela
Valse from ballet "Coppelia" Dellbes
1 National Airs Tobant
tlon of miners, who it is hoped will be
present in large numbers. "Old Glory"
will be raised by Miss Barbara Freitchie,
and Whlttier's original episode will be re
cited by a distinguished elocutionist.
The Mayor of Dawson City will hold a
levee at Camp Gokher. and it is promised
that the entire evening will be brimful
of interest.
SHE MEANT BUSINESS.
Lou Jones, Alias Gallagher, Fires
Two Shots at Her Lover.
Lou Jones, alias Lou Gallagher, a
young woman of the "tenderloin district,"
was arrested early yesterday morning by
Policemen Cook and Bush and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of assault to
murder.
Lou has been keeping company with
William Gallagher, and about 3 o'clock
yesterday morning they quarreled in
their room in the Eagle lodging-house, 50
Third street.
Both had been drinking, and in her
drunken fury Lou got possession of a re
volver and tired two shots at Gallagher.
The first bullet went through Gallagher's
coat collar and made an abrasion on his
neck. As she was firing the second he
struck up her arm and the bullet buried
Itself in the ceiling.
Cook and Bush heard the shots, and,
running into the house, placed Lou' under
arrest. Gallagher was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital more frightened than
hurt and Dr. Winterberg attended to che
abrasion on his neck. It is doubtful if he
will prosecute Lou, as he tried to make
odt that it was all a mistake.
A short time ago Lou was arrested for
grand larceny, but sne managed to beat
the case. She declined to say anything
about the shooting.
An Unknown Man Asphyxiated.
The smell of escaping gaa on the top
floor of the Revere lodging-house at 675
Mission street led the bedmaker to ascer
tain the cause, which resulted in finding
the dead body of an unknown lodger,
with the gas jet turned fully on. The un
fortunate stranger had ail the appearance
of being one of the many tramps wh- and
their way into San Francisco to die His
garments were of the poorest quality,
and were such as are worn by common
laborers. His footwear was reduced to
the merest semblance of what were at
one time shoes. An old straw hat, a light
frock coat and a pair of cotton overalls
constituted his wearing apparel. There
was nothing on or about his clothing by
which his identity could be ascertained.
He seemed to be about 35 years of age,
and was of small stature, with
blonde hair. His body was removed to
the Morgue.
Arlett's Benefit.
Owing to a cold wind blowing yesterday
but a small crowd attended the benefit
baseball game p'ven to Jimmy Arlett.
Reliance defeat a the Heesemans by a
score of 15 to 5.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ] /
hirardelli s
; Just now bettor ;
than any spring; mcdi- [ -
 . cine* It builds up the %
system and soothes the
nerves. - Makes the ■ .
•'. weak strong and- gives \
■ v'" new life to the old. \,
\ ' The finest baby food :\
in the world. , .
Fine Tailoring
• _ ... At Cut Rate Prices l
1 ALL WOOL SUITS HADE TO IBOEB FOB ;
I $15.50, 51 7.50 and $20 §
THETBEAT THE WfIHLD FW QUALITY Ml STYLE - :
« Joe Pbheim, The Tailor
::^r^r ; San Francisco v
; 1 201-ao3Montgomery St CAL. '
- when " unwell," for pains, obstructions, 7: ;
and irregularities peculiar to the sex.
; ' r . -: Recommended sby the lead ing, French ' > .
. '; Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe- J >;;
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious ;"
* i drugs."- One "bottle of Apioline Capsules . :
lasts three months • Sold by all druggists,*;
. -or by mail, $i. ;>; Box 3081, N. Y. Post Office. ; .
910
ALL FAVOR AN EXPOSITION
Fiftieth . Anniversary of Admission Day Would
I i #-| r-» \_j iff"] t^ rr I I r*' r"^ C 3 oio t^
• Be a Fitting Occasion. 3^^ ' ' ' '"'""'
DC U 1 ilLllly UuutlJlUlli
• *
Representative Citizens San a Grand Celebration, Wlili
Products of the Golden West in Sight, Would
Greatly Aid the State.
That there is a great deal of public
interest in matters affecting the pro
posed California exposition is daily
more apparent. Men in all ranks and
conditions of life agree that it would
be a grand thing for the State.
Mayor Phelan is considering the ad
visability of appointing a committee of
prominent citizens to consider the mat
ter. In an interview on the subject
yesterday he said:
"I think it would be a good plan to
have a meeting of a score or more of
prominent men to consider the matter
of an exposition of the character The
Call advocates. A gentleman from St.
Louis was telling me a day or two ago
that this city has a reputation all over
the East for being an entertaining
place. He thought we should do all
in our power to keep up that reputa
tion, and that some such thing as an
exposition would do it.
"I believe we ought to decide on the
time and all the details with a great
deal of care, but I am firmly in favor
of the project. If we chance to have
it at the same time as the great PariH
exposition it might result in cutting
us short on exhibits, so that matter
should be gone over with a great deal
of care. lam perfectly willing to ap
point a committee, but I want to be
sure that the men I appoint are in
earnest and that they will serve when
they are appointed and not shirk the
work."
MANY VISITORS
WILL COME.
John F. Fugazi Thinks the Rail
road Should Make a
special Rate.
JOHN F. FUGAZI, President Colum
bus Savings and Loan Society — I think
SHOULD BE MADE A GREAT SUCCESS
The proposition of The Call to hold an exposi
tion in this city in 1900 to commemorate the fiftieth
anniversary of California's admission into the
Union should be carried out. Its features should
represent not only all the Eastern States and Ter
ritories, but the countries adjoining the Pacific
Ocean. Its scheme should include exhibits from
Mexico and the western republics of Central and
South America; and why not also Australia, China
and Japan? In 1900 the Klondike mining region
will be pouring out its golden treasures, and its
population will have people from all parts of the
world. No greater or better attraction than the
exposition could be devised to secure the invest
ment in our State of the fortunes won in this new
El Dorado. Not only this, but it could be made
the means of hastening our commercial develop
ment and securing to California the population
and trade which her great resources justify. The
success of the Midwinter Fair is but an earnest of
what could be accomplished by the united effort of
our people. The holding of the Paris Exposition
in 1900 should be no objection to the exposition
here. On the contrary, it would tend to excite in
terest in our exposition. There should be no real
conflict, for many who go to Paris would also come
here, while those who cannot spare the time or
expense necessary to visit the Paris Exposition
would be glad to attend our exposition. The semi
centennial exposition should be made a great suc
cess. WILLIAM F. HERRIN.
Y. M. I. WILL LEND ITS HEARTY
SUPPORT.
I think a celebration would be a good thing for
the city, and I know that the Young Men's Institute
will lend its support in making it a success. At pres
ent I cannot say what form the celebration should
take. It should be distinctive. It would benefit the
entire Pacific Coast. A celebration for mere glory
would be throwing money away ; a person never
wants to burn powder for smoke. Should it be
decided to hold an exposition I think it will gain the
hearty support of the people, because an exposition
always arouses pride. Personally I have not given
the subject any attention, but 1 feel that an affair of
that kind will be of great advantage to the coast
States. " GEORGE A. STANLEY,
'Grand Secretary of Young Men's Institute.
STBUCK THE KEYNOTE.
P. H. McCarthy Addresses the Final
1 Session of the Labor Con
vention.
The labor convention called a.few week's
SLeo to formulate a method of having ocr
the exposition will do a great deal of
good for this city and the entire State.
All that is needed is that the rairoad
make a special rate during the exposi
tion, and I feel positive that this city
will have more visitors in 1900 than it
has ever had. During the next two
years there will be many hundreds of
thousands of people who will go to
Alaska, and we shall want the same
number to take their places. 4 The only
way to get them is to attract them here
by means of an exhibition, and once
they see our products and enjoy our
beautiful climate they will make ar
rangements to stay. I favor the plan
advocated by The Call, and think that
every citizen should help to make the
proposed exposition a possibility.
FAVORED BECAUSE
IT WILL DO GOOD.
This Movement if Well Con
ducted Will Be a Benefit
to the State.
INSURANCE COMMISSIONER A. J.
CLUNIE— I favor the proposition be
cause I consider it will do good to the
State, and any and all things that have
for an object the benefiting of the State
suit me. I love California and I am
always pleased to aid in any and all
movements having for their objects the
advancement and prosperity of its peo
ple. I do not look on this as being a
movement gotten up by one man or a
body of men for selfish motives, but
rather by those having the best inter
ests of the entire State at heart, conse
quently I favor it, as already said,
because I believe it will do all of us
good. We have a great State and one
that every man living in should be just
ly proud of. A semi-centennial enter
tainment on a broad scale and one that
the whole people may unite in must
be productive of good. I will, In my
humble capacity as a Californian, aid
tain clauses favorable to the Interests of
organized labor Inserted In the proposed
charter, met at 915Vf. Market street for
the last time yesterday afternoon. All
future endeavor will now rest in the
handa of the law and legislative com
mittee.
Informal discussion followed the conclu
6ion of business. P. H. McCarthy told
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
any movement tending to advance the
interest of the State and its Inhabit
ants.
THE BEST WAY
TO COMMEMORATE.
A Splendid Opportunity to Dis
play the Products of Our
Golden State.
CHARLES SAMUELS, editor of the
Abend Post— l think there is no better
way to commemorate the admission
of California into the Union than by
holding an exposition such as The Call
advocates. The value of an exhibition,
of that kind to the whole coast is be
yond calculation. The Midwinter Fair
brought thousands of people to the
coast and a great portion of them be
came attached to our balmy climate
and settled here. Then again, we have
a splendid opportunity to display to
the world what this State can produce.
I think an exposition is the best way
to advertise California, and I shall do
all I can to help along the movement.
The erection of buildings will give
many idle mechanics employment;
money will be put in circulation, and
this Pacific Coast will enjoy a season
of prosperity. If it is purposed to hold
an exposition steps should be immedi
ately taken to attain the result.
IT SHOULD MEET
NO OPPOSITIO
The Semi-Centennlal as Proposed
Will Be a Benefit to the
State, North and South.
SUPERVISOR THOMAS MORTON—
The proposition as portrayed in The
Call cannot but meet with the approval
of the people of the entire State, north
and south, as it will not only benefit
San Francisco, but every section of the
State. It will be the means of draw
ing the attention of a class of men who
have money to invest to the wonderful
resources of California, and will by this
WILL ATTRACT EASTERN VISITORS.
Every celebration which calls attention to the
natural advantages of California and attracts visitors
from without sows the seeds of future prosperity.
The Christian Endeavor Convention of last year
impressed thousands of young people with the ben
efits of a life in our climate, and now, after returning
to their Eastern homes, the severity of the winter
in the Atlantic States has deepened their pleasurable
recollections of their visit to San Francisco. As op
portunity offers in the future many will make
their homes in California who would not have
thought of doing so if they had not been induced to
come and see the State for themselves.
Th? same result will follow the holding of the
jubilee in this city. It will attract many to the city
who would not otherwise come, and a short visit
will lead to the desire for a home in California. The
great need of the city of San Francisco, as well as
of the State at large,, is the development of the re
sources which nature has lavished upon us, a de
velopment which can only be brought about by
drawing an additional population to the State. For
this purpose no means can be more effective than
*such a jubilee as is proposed. E. P. VI N ING,
General Manager Market Street Railway Co.
THE NATIVE SONS WILL CELEBRATE
As the Native Sons purpose holding a magnifi
cent celebration in 1900, in honor of the fiftieth an
niversary of California's admission to the Union, it
would be an excellent idea to commemorate that
period of California's history by holding an exposi
tion. It would nor interfere with our celebration. I
think there would be a community and a union of
interest between the Native Sons and those having
charge of the exposition. As I understand, it is the
intention to make the 9th of September the great
day of the fair, should one be held. There is no
doubt in my mind that the Native Sons of the entire
State will join in making that day one to be long re
membered in after years.
the convention that It should rest con
tented if it secured as much recognition
as the capitalistic class, that even then
a signal trlumpu would be scored. His
remarks were roundly applauded.
F. F. Plato disserted at length on the
evils to labor In general arising from tne
patronage of 6-cent barber-shops. Cer
tain of hia remarks would have tickled
means learn of the great advantages
of investing in a State that stands sec
ond to none in the Union for a re
turn on prudently invested capital. The
discovery of gold and the productive
ness of the soil of the State have in the
past done a great deal for this Coast, in
fact they are what brought the entire
Coast into prominence. California is
now known all over the globe as being
the greatest producer of gold in the
world. What we now want is to con
vince the capitalists that we can pro
duce other things besides gold and sil
ver. An exposition, or whatever else
may be deemed advisable to have on
this occasion, cannot but attract atten
tion sufficient to be heralded all over
the earth, at all events to such coun
tries as we may reasonably expect to
be excited by the fact. The Call, in this,
as in all other matters which tend to
benefit the people, deserves the com
mendation of all.
FROM A BUSINESS
POINT OF VIEW.
Agricultural Prosperity Followed
the State's Admission With
Schools and Churches.
GEORGE W. REID, a commission
merchant, 545 Washington street— The
admission of California into the Union
of States In 1850 marked a period not
only in the history of States but in the
history of the universe. There is noth
ing else like It on record in the known
world. It opened up a new world for
mankind. It has been the means of
making millionaires out of men that
never knew what it was to have full
and plenty in their lives. The discov
ery of gold without a union sisterhood
would not have brought about the set
tlement of the country for agricultural
purposes: men would have come and
gone as they do In all mining districts.
There would be no inducements to set
tle homes and raise families. School
houses, churches and Institutions of
learning would not follow in the wake
of a miner's trail. The admission of
California as a State is what has made
it worth livins in, hence If we have
celebrated a golden jubilee we can with
much greater Joy celebrate the admis
sion semi-centpnnial.
HENRY LUNSTEDT,
Grand Secretary N: S. G. W.
the fancy of Herr Most. The meeting
broke up with a sort of humorous dia
logue, in which the delegates participated
generally.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Folk street. *
OBJECTED TO
BEING FINED
Baroness Marie Yon Zei
ber in an Indignant
Role.
Sang in the Thalia as Plain
Miss Matthews fop Several
Nights.
For Being Late One Night She Was
Mulcted in $1O and Will Go
Into Court.
The blue blood that courses through
the veins of Baroness Marie yon Zeiber
is boiling at an affront that was cast
upon her by the management of the
Thalia a week ago, and to-day she will
apply to the courts for satisfaction to
her wounded feelings.
Recently the Baroness, who is a pri
ma donna soprano, entered into a ver
bal contract with Manager James
Schwartz of the Thalia to sing at that
theater at a salary of $30 per week.
One of the conditions of the contract
was that she should be billed as plain
Miss Matthews, her pride revolting at
her aristocratic name being bandied
about by the habitues of the Thalia,
She sang several nights acceptably,
and the engagement looked promising.
Without consulting the management,
the Baroness contracted with the man
agers of the Mining Fair to sing there
Sunday night, February 13. On the fair
programme she was billed as "the Ba
roness yon Zeiber, formerly prima don
na soprano of Sousa's Concert Com
pany." She sane at the fair, and hur
ried to the Thalia, thinking that she
would be in time for her part. She was
about fifteen minutes late, and next
day when she called at the box office
for her week's salary she was handed
$20, and politely informed that she had
been fined $10 for being late the previ
ous night.
She protested, but the management
was firm, and the Baroness left in high
dudgeon. She placed the matter in the
hands of a collector, but repeated ap
plications by him failed to bring forth
tlr~- $10. The Baroness is determined to
get the $10 if possible, and to-day she
will file a suit in the Justices' court
against Schwartz and will apply for a
writ of attachment. Manager Schwartz
laughs at the threats of the Baroness,
and if she brings suit interesting devel
opments are promised.
"WASHINGTON" HIS TEXT.
Rev. F. B. Cherington Delivers a
if owerful Sermon on Our First
President.
Rev. F. B. Cherington's sermon last
evening at Plymouth Congregational
Church was on George Washington. In
part, he said: "The men who headed the
revolution were not wild, hare-brained
fanatics In chronic rebellion against es
tablished order because it is order, but
men who In any age. and under any cir
cumstances, would be regarded as wise,
deliberate, reasoning and reasonable men.
Look at them! John Hancock, the court
ly, dignified, large-brained man of affairs.
Samuel Adams, the earnest, fearless,
broad-minded statesman and splendid or
ator. John Adams, orator, statesman and
diplomatist. Robert Morris, the magnifi
cent financier. Benjamin Franklin, phi
losopher, statesman, diplomatist, fountain
of wise counsels, source of unfailing stim
ulation to the flagging energies of patriots
in their darkest hours. Thomas Jefferson,
brilliant, farseeing statesman, strong in
all the qualities a-'nation needs in times of
sorest stress. Patrick Henry, whose fiery
eloquence was like a bugle blast that stirs
an army for battle. There were still oth
ers, men whom the heroic times developed
into giants to meet great needs, civil and
military. These all made a company of
men among whom small men would
speedily display their littleness with irre
trievable fatality. Yet this man Washing
ton, by his singular balance of qualities,
and more than all by the overmastering
force of his moral character, stood among
them for eight years the acknowledged
chieftain over all, by the divine right of
inborn royalty.
"He was in the profoundest sense re
ligious. Not in a narrow sectarian sense.
but in that deeper and grander way of
cherishing unwavering faith In God as the
fountain of all righteousness, the source
of all goodness, justice and truth, and in
dedicating his whole life unreservedly to
the service of that God. In his farewell
address at the close of his public life, he
announced the principles that had guided
him steadily all through his career: 'Of
all the dispositions and habits which lead
to political prosperity, religion and mor
ality are indispensable supports.' "
To Beceive President Dole.
The Chamber of Commerce has sent out
Invitations to the Board of Trade, Me
chanics' Institute, Merchants' Exchange,
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, Merchants' Association, the com
manders of the United States army and
navy and Mayor Phelan to be present at
the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce
to-day at 2 o'clock In the afternoon, for
the purpose of extending to President
Dole a San Francisco welcome.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 0,000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DIBOBDEES
•" such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head- ,
' ache. ' Dizziness. : Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss '■ of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin; Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all .
Nervous . and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIS3T DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. '•■ Every sufferer
■■■• will acknowledge them to be ., ;
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete ; health. ; They promptly . remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Nick Headache* Fora
' Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered ■ Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
■ .' And " hare the ; & • '. •
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
:_-'■■.:■ i 25c. at all Drug Stores, X ;
r~
IB H HI VSR R5 H
Hadway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
I Sore Muscles, Cramps, " Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia. ; Lumbago. , Internally : for all -" Bowel
Pains. 5 Colic, Diarrhoea. Dysentery, Cholera
Horbua ' and Sickness, j Nausea, etc All i dru#-
i Klsta.
Directors or
'^^j^^liSSw^
MININO ROCKERS. _
Mining
Rockers.
- . . * '-. ■ ■ ■
PRICE REDUCED.
Indispensable In prospecting. A fortune may
be lost without it. Weighs only .33 pounds.
Folds up to carry easily. Does the work per-
fectly. Practical, economical. Everybody buys
one since we cut down price to.|7 60.
SMITHS
CASH STORE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERS— EVERYTHING HERE.
25-27 Market St. Near the Water Front.
■'".-. GAS ENGINES. ' _
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET. *; .'..
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
_ _ P. & 5LJ >RODU 9J rs> t _
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER ' and .P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
•keep 'heat, ' cold, "dampness . and -dust" out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No., Main 17,63.. .; ; ."•-.■:
GRAND OPENING OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO.'S
New Art Rooms
AT 234 SUTTER ST.,
Between Kearny and Grant aye.
■"^'"•js/* To be Inaugurated by
AUCTION
ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY,
February 23 and-24,~^___ :
At 2 and 8 p. m.
New, Fine Special Importation of
Oriental Rugs
For ' this occasion, merely ? for advertisement,
will Ibe offered at auction, positively without
reserve. : . , -. ■ • *:■ ..
(ETWe being a permanent firm our guaran-
tee is safety to the buyers for the genuineness
and superiority of our goods. We also offer
the special' privilege to exchange : the goods
bought from us within the period of one year.
\ TURKISH RUG COMPANY.
Farmer : This is the third time since Spring you *
have lost your time because you don't feel
well enough to work- If you will buy
some Ripans Tabules and take one at
night, or one after each meal for a day
or two, you'll be all right, and stay so,
too, if you take one when you notice that
you begin to feel bad. I don't use a
dozen a year, but I always keep them ia
the house, •
! TRANS PORT ATION. -\
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON )
Via DTEA and SKAGUAY, can arrange to
have their- provisions sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to . . -■
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1598. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to L.YNDE . Ac
HOUGH CO., *0 California St., San Francisco,
or to A. H. - Herrlman, general manager, 201
Front St.. San . Francisco. . .
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
628 Market. St. . :. -•
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
(now building), for . Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free.
Freight ' 10 cents • per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map |of gold fields, free. . Also steamers
to Dyea and Skaguay. '
.. Al CLIPPER BARK. _ „ "
" NORTHERN LIQHT, »
Captain Joseph Whlteside. Commanding.
: . ■ Will Sail for \ }"■.--•-! •
K.OTZEBUE SOUND,
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
I&A.-V 10 ■ ... 1898.
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. baggage.
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1, 1898. . , . .■
Address CAPT. B. COGAN.
-■-■■-. ' •■'■ 44 East St.. 'San -Francisco.
MINING^jSIJPPLIES.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
. . • ■ HEADQUARTERS FOR ,
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
1 311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, • Yukon ..boats,
'pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska • outfits,
steam launches and stern- wheel steamers, with
boilers ' suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
sleeping; bags.^
KLONDIKE SLEEPING BAGS.
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag mad»
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. -'. 3^ Spear St.. San Francisco.
MEDICINES. ■. ;; : '
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
lOR anywhere ■ else without a supply of
i PRATT'S ABOLITION OIL, the never-falling
I • remedy for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, . Lama
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
604 Washington st. ■ - . ■■ . ,
LIME CORDIAL.
. Lime Cordial especially ' prepared for the ';
'Alaska,* etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
scurvy, etc. LUKE G. SRESOVICH & CO..
Agents. 521 to 525 Sansome St., San Francisco.
/_ IF YOU WEAR
y^--- Glasses^ - fe .
M 4, ai\& Wish prompf efficient*
}^V ' service by able ai\&cpui*
Uqus Opticians t&H-Qn V 5: f
OPTICIANS oA MO " p oco
° daK P camera . c y,V
642 Market StDhoroGßAPHic
UNDtR CHRONICU SUIIOIMG- - » Crlßnilt,C rlBnilt ,
Catalogs f*t£. SUPPLIES.
t Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
jfJa Museum of Anatomy
IffirSl. 1051 MAS2ET :t - b9t - 6th* 7th, S. T. CtL
J9 M^li The Largest of lt« kind In tin ■World.
iH§sj\ DR. — Private Diseases.
,' Consultatloo fr«. Write Tot B«»k
JO (^ Philosophy of * Marriage.
h & MAILED FREE.
; Weak Men and Women .
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS.. 7H3
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOT A THEME
FOR A PULPIT
The Undertaker's Art Is
Not an Episcopal
Doctrine.
Politicians Will Not Learn That
Politics Do Not Make]
Cities.
Why Oakland Has Too Many People
Who Fatten Without
Working.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 20.
Colonel Irish asked a question of a
friend on Broadway this week that has
not yet been answered. He had read
an address delivered last Sunday in an
Episcopal church in this city relating
to living burials, and this was his
question: "In the name of reason can
any one tell me the connection between
that lecture and the pulpit?" The
colonel was honestly puzzled, and said
that he expected to find a peroration
at the end that would draw a beautiful
picture between the never-dying soul
and the corruptible body, but instead
he read this:
"My closing -words are — remember
that there are two safeguards that are
absolutely certain. One is advanced
decomposition, which is the only posi
tive proof of death from which there
is no waking this side the resurrec
tion; the other is electricity. The cat
aleptic sleep never ends in death un
less the sleeper is cremated, embalmed,
packed in ice, placed in a frozen tem
perature or undergoes an autopsy."
Others than Colonel Irish are also
discussing the question and are ask
ing if the pulpit is not gradually beins
■weaned away from its original holy
mission. Rev. Dr. Coyle has recently
been dealing with the subject of why
young men do not attend church, and
it would seem that the sermon on de
composition and eletrlcity in their re- i
lation to dead bodies is almost an ans- j
wer in itself to Dr. Coyle's question. :
Young men are certainly not going to
church to learn that "an advanced ;
stage of decomposition is the only true
proof of death, no matter what your j
doctor or your undertaker say. If it is
objectionable to keep the body in the
house through long days of mourning,
waiting for decomposition, have it
taken to an electric vault and the cas
ket lined with electric contacts like
those found in the burglar alarm car
pets about the doors and windows of
certain houses." One of the answers
to Dr. Coyle'a query was that baseball
and sports are more healthy and desira
ble than some modern sermons, and
the reason does not seem to be without
foundation.
Rev. Dr. Law's lecture was clever
and no doubt interesting, because it
was sensational, but wherein it coin
cided with the spirit or purpose of the
order for Morning: Prayer is not quite
clear. Had the rector concluded with
a : reference to the divine command.
"Be ye also ready," then many people
-woitid ngt-ncTr be gnesstogr. •-•— —■• -
There is now no doubt that Oakland
■will make a strenuous effort to secure
the passage in the next Legislature of
a bill to form a city and county of
Oakland. It is just as certain that
there will be much opposition to the i
measure and that it will not all come
from Alameda and Berkeley. Consid
erable pressure will be brought to bear
on the legislators from the south to
help defeat the bill. The reason is
plain. With the bay cities consolidated
Oakland would be larger than Los An
geles can hope to be in many years,
and Southern California pride will not
hear of this. There has always been a
spirit of rivalry between Los Angeles
and Oakland, and when the southern
city claimed to have passed the 100,000 :
mark it flung taunts galore at this
place. So long as there is always some
sentiment in such matters it may be \
that the opposition from the south may
tend to unite the residents of the three
touns most interested and thus defeat
it? i.urpose. After all there is not so }
much opposition to the consolidation j
as is commonly supposed. The most !
pronounced anti-consolidationists are j
the office-holders in the outside towns, <
and it would be worse than folly to '
expect them to vote themselves out of i
a job. On the other hand, the Mer
chants' Exchange and the Board of •
Trade of this city are starting out to
make a campaign of education in all
three cities. These two commercial
bodies do not always view things in
the same light, but in the matter of ■■
consolidation they are almost a unit,
and some effective work may be ex
pected.
The bringing up of the subject in an
official way will do much good. It will
bring out all the arguments on both
sides, and reason will take the place
of prejudice and sentiment.
At the present time the agitation for
a city and county is being taken advan
tage of by the Silurian element to
smother everything in the nature of a
public improvement. The selfish ar
gument is made that nothing should be i
done until all the territory that may
BOOM day be Oakland is forced to pay
for a portion of it. The argument is j
made regarding parks; it is advanced
why a new city hall and jail should not I
be built; it is held up as a reason !
against taking any steps to frame a I
new charter; and no doubt there are
property-owners who would give it as
a reason for not letting a contract to i
sweep the streets. At this time these j
arguments are given attention because
they realiy have a plausible foundation,
and under the circumstances it is im- j
perative that the city and county be j
definitely settled either at an election
or by the Legislature; that the move
ment for parks, boulevards, a new city
hail and other things that have been
needed these many years may begin
in earnest.
There is a superficiality to that thing
known as public opinion in Oakland
that is accountable for much of the
lack of progress that everybody de
plores. There is no continuity of pur
pose shown in large undertakings, but
they come up on the calendar spas
modically and are continued from time
to time after the manner of some of the
cases in the Alameda County courts.
The reason is obvious. Oakland sup
ports too many people who live by their
wits and who are either politicians by
profession or agitators or promoters
for personal gain only. Take any of
the men holding good political positions
to-day and it will almost invariably be
found that they toyed with public opin
ion a few years ago and courted it to
th^ir own advantage. There are so
many ways to do this in Oakland. A
reform movement is always good; an
anti-railroad howl is better; a grand
stand play in the Council on behalf of
"the people" also helps, while to get up
a public subscription for something
that appeals to patriotism is a cinch.
Now it ia obvious that th s > movements
are ephemeral and end when the re
ward is gained. Should any body of
men take up a matter sincerely and
honestly and work for it they will in
variably be met by some political com
bination that will quash it. An in
stance of this ig the manner in which
the merchants of the city were treated
for their trouble over the Contra Costa
tunnel road. In the dull periods be
tween elections public improvements
and reforms are the rage. An election
comes along, the horde who feeds on
pelf try to turn everything into a politi
cal matter, public confidence is lost,
the end of the cycle finds the project
where it was at the beginning.
Not until the politicians realize or are
forced to realize that politics cannot
make a city will there be any improve
ment. STUART W. BOOTH.
DEATH OF 0. H. BURNHAM.
A Pioneer Business Man and Ex-
Supervisor Passes Away.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— death of Ozro
Hill Burnham occurred this morning at
his residence, 1017 Madison street, aged
66 years. He leaves a widow and three
grown children. Miss May, Lee and Wal
ter Burnham, all of whom are living at
home.
Mr. Burnham was well known in this
city, where he has lived for many years.
In 1874 he was elected a member of the
Board of Supervisors and in 1876 became
president of that body. York State and
He was born in New York State and
was a farmer for some years. _ Late in
the sixties he entered the lumber busi
ness under the firm of Burnham, Stande
ford & Miller. They erected a mill on
First street, which is still running being
known as the Burnham & Standeford
mill. He has held various public positions
and was generally esteemed by his fel
low-citizens. "
RECREATION
PARK OPENED
The Reliance Team Defeats
the Acmes at Base
ball.
The Bicycle Races Postponed on
Account oT the Unpropitious
Weather.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 20.
The new recreation grounds at Elm
hurst were opened to-day with an excit
ing game of baseball between the Reli
ance and Acme teams. At the end of the
ninth inning the score stood 13 to 13 and
there it remained until the eleventh in
ning, when the Reliance boys made two
rune.
The club spirit was strongly manifested
during the entire game. The attendance
was fair and about equally divided be
tween the friends of the two clubs. The
weather was cold, but the grounds were
in perfect condition.
Owing to the rain the twenty-five mile
road race set for Tuesday was to-night
postponed until Sunday. The twenty-mile
and two-mile professional races at the
Velodrome may also be postponed if the
weather keeps bad to-morrow.
The Week's Amusements.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20.— "What Happened
to Jones." which has been so successful
in San Francisco, will be presented at
the Macdonough Theater for only one
night. Monday. February 21. The appear
ance of Miss Marian Barney, of this city,
will insure a large house, as the young
lady has many friends here.
"Ten Nights in a Barroom will be the
attraction at the Oakland Theater this
week. The Gleason-Brewer Company will
all be in the cast.
Friday evening of this week the Sun
day-school orchestra of the First ML E.
Church. Alexander T. Stewart conductor,
will make its first appearance in public
concert work. Mrs. Alfred Abbey will
be the soprano, John W. Metcalf pianist,
and Alexander T. Stewart violinist for the
occasion.
J. E. Edwards, of the Imperial Cyclers,
and J. A. Crafts of the Acme Club, will
go against each other Tuesday on the
Velodrome track at Elmhurst. in a twen
ty-mile bicycle race. A two-mile pro
fessional race will also be rode.
The Ladies' Aid of the Fourth Congre
gational Church will give a Martha
Washington dinner Tuesday from 5 to 7
p. m.. to be followed by an entertainment.
The field day of the Haywards Athletic
Club will take place Tuesday, beginning
at 1 o'clock sharp, at the club grounds.
Death of a G. A. B. Woman.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— Mrs. Paul Fitz- !
hogen, a prominent member of the Wo- j
man's Relief Corps, G. A. R., died sud
denly last evening while she was convers
ing in the parlor of her home on New
Broadway. The deceased was 56 years of
age and has held office in the Older of
Eastern Star, Modern Trojans, Ladies of
Washington and several other fraternal j
organizations.
.. ♦ .
Special Musical Service.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 20.— There was a spe- !
cial musical service at the Unitarian i
church this morning under the direction :
of Professor Crandall. The programme
was as follows:
Chorus, "And the Wall of the City," i
King; bass solo, "Jehovah, Guide Us"
(Mozart), Dr. W. K. Scott; male chorus, j
"To Thee, O Country" (Gounod), Miss
Mellie Chase; hallelujah chorus, from the
"Mf-Fsiah" (Handel).
The choir was composed as follows:
Altos, Miss Dorothy Mohns, Miss Ella !
Graves. Mrs. George E. Plummer; tenors, !
E. D. Crandall, Ludwig Warnke, G. A.
Nissen, A. O. Gott; bassos, F. D. Colburn, \
Dr. W. K. Scott, R. C. Duncan, P. W.
Barton; director, E. D. Crandall; organ
ist, Miss Elizabeth Westgate.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 20.— W. R. Weeks of
the Encinal left to-day by the Umatilla
for Dyea and the Yukon. He takes a
year's outfit with him and is prepared to
remain three years if necessary. He will
act as correspondent for the paper with
which he is connected.
The Park Street Methodist Church was
opened to the public to-day for the first
time since it was moved to its present
location on Central avenue.
Cruelty to Animals.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— Constable Qulnlan
arrested James Cristy and George Mc-
Kenzie. two young men from Alameda,
this morning at Fruitvale. for cruelty to
animals. They were enjoying a ride over
the ties of the railroad track at the ex
pense of the horse, which they were abus
ing. They were locked up for the day
in the County Jail, and they will have to
answer before Justice Lawrence to-mor
row.
A HAWAIIAN PLANTER'S OAKLAND HOME.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19.— The latest stately home, that is now being built
near Lake Merritt, is that of Alexander Young of Honolulu. Mr. Young
is one of the many wealthy Hawaiians to build in this city, and his resi
dence, which will soon be completed, is one of the finest on this side
of the bay. The contract price is $20,000, and it is located on Adams
Point, on a section of the land that was proposed for a public park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
MARKSMEN AT
THE TARGETS
Shooting at Shell Mound
Somewhat Under
Difficulties.
Wind and Light Such as Natur
ally Militate Against
Marksmanship.
Few Clubs at the Butts— Military
State Shoots to Occur
To -Morrow.
Small interest in marksmanship was
manifested at Shell Mound yesterday
— at least so far as concerned the num
ber of clubs and companies partici
pating in the contests of skill. Neither
was it on the score of natural condi
tions a good day for shooting, the pre
vailing strong south wind and the
"dark light" (to use a marksman's
phrase), making accurate shooting
very difficult.
To-morrow Companies A, F and G,
Fifth Regiment, have their State shoot
at 200, 300 and 800 yards. Very lively
interest is felt in the contest, and it
is expected that the event will bring
out nearly the full membership, the
day being a holiday.
Company L, First Regiment, N. G. C,
held its regular monthly medal shoot
with the following score at 200 yards:
Captain Eggert 43, Lieutenant Curzons
42, orporal Leffman 40, Sergeant Grund
man 44, Corporal Kralmer 34, Mangels 43
Yon Hofen 22, M. R. Kruse 27, Koerner
34, Voll 30, Brown 33, Campbell 35, Gordon
15, T. Kruse 31, Reardon 10, Porter 38, Sul
livan 29.
The Knights of the Red Branch
Rifles had their regular monthly prac
tice shoot at 200 yards, the score stand
ing as follows:
Captain Casey 38, Sergeant Russell 42,
Sergeant Gaul 41, Corporal Green 44,
O'Neill 32 McCarty 34, Rahill 33, Mc-
Kenna 29. Smith 44, Whelton 39, Collins 28
Duane 26.
Company F, Fifth Regiment, N. G.
C, made this showing on the 200-yard
range:
Captain Wenk 19, Lieutenant Cobble
dlck 20, Corporal Stevenson 17, Sergeant
Hanson 17, Sergeant Wilson 20, Corporal
Nickerson 14, Corporal Reed 24, Corporal
Medau 24. Dade 17, G. Hanson 15, Keller
17, Williams 16. Bray 15, Manes 15, Grif
fin 21, Smith 15, Webb 17, Crone 17, Ec
kels 19. Scott 17, Wood 33, Gerrish 8, An
derson 21, Davis 18, Darling 16, R. Hansen
IC. Carpenter 15. On the 500-yard range
the following scores were made: Captain
Wenk 15, Lieutenant Cobbledick 15, Ser
geant Hanson 14. Dade 17. George Hanson
5, Keller 19. Williams 19, Scott 11. Darling
21, R. Hanson 14. Thus it will be seen
that some of the marksmen made better
scores at the longer range, a result which
they aver "will happen sometimes."
SHOOTERS BRAVE RAIN.
Good Attendance at Schuetzen
Despite the Elements.
It was a mean day for shooting at
the California Schuetzen Club's range
near San Rafael yesterday, but the
regular monthly shoots had the power
of attracting a goodly number of.en
thusiasts, who pelted the targets in
cessantly throughout the day. The
cold south wind and the unsteady and
changeable light on the targets proved
disastrous to excellent shooting.
Three of the German Schuetzen so
cieties held regular monthly contests,
and the members of Company D, Fifth
Infantry, were at the park. The Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club held its bullseye
shoot and the marksmen took a lively
interest in the sport. The San Fran
cisco Turners and the San Francisco
Grutli were also at the range.
Sergeant Fields, formerly the cham
pion pistol shot of the San Francisco
police force, was at the park yester
day as a guest of the California
Schuetzen Club.
In the regular monthly bullseye shoot
of the California Schuetzen Club the
following scores were made by the
members on the range near San Rafael
yesterday:
First, William Ehrenfort, 169- second
D. B. Faktor. 181; third. A. Bruess 249 ;
fourth, H. Echman, 262; fifth, A. Hampel'
306; Phllo Jacoby, 311; Otto Burmeister'
324; C. Sagehorn, 426; Fred Schueman 433 :
John Jones. 539; J. T. Robinson. 563- n'
Fredrick, 573; R. Finking, 678; John'l't
schig Sr., 714; H. Enge, 733; G. Eglng 769-
T. P. Schuester. 772; C. Mayar 925- j'
Wollmer, 1025: John I'tschig Jr., Illy- A
Jungblut, 1145; L. C. Babln, 1160; a'
Gehret, 1199; Captain F. Attinger. 1185.
In the bullseye shoot of the San Fran
cisco Grutli the following were the
winners in order:
First, O. Huder; second, A. Gehret
third. J. Bachman; fourth, Joseph Op
penzeller- fifth, A. yon Wyle; sixth
Charles Ott; seventh, L. Hauser; eighth'
G. R. Ilnuser; ninth, John Reber.
The following scores were made by
the members of the San Francisco
Grutli in their regular monthly medal
shoot:
Champion class— A. yon Wyle, 409 points
First class— Joseph Fetz. 411 points. Sec
ond class— R. Hauser, 390 points. Third
class— Charles Ott, 3G7 points. Best first
shot, Edward Kinz, 2-1; best last shot A
yon Wyle, 23.
In the regular monthly bullseye shoot
of the San Francisco Turners the fol
lowing scores were made:
First, Lieutenant F. Kommer, 81; sec
ond, Louis Bume, 605; third, J. Utschig
Sr. ; fourth, William Utschig, 736: fifth
R. Finking, 905; sixth. H. Enge. 955- sev
enth, C. Eging. 972; eighth, Joseph Strauti
1177; ninth. Captain Attinger, 1408; tenth
L. Thierbach, 1552: eleventh, R. Lange'
1739; twelfth. C. Rudolph. 1805; thirteenth
O. Burmoister. 1810; fourteenth, Philo Ja
coby, 1925; fifteenth. A. Utschig, 2076;
sixteenth, C. Sagehorn, 2154.
Medal shoot, San Francisco Turner
Drum Corps— First class, W. Straiib, 320 i
rings; second class, Fred Krueckel, 188
rings.
MAY BOX, BUT
NO FIGHTING
The Line Is Distinctly
Drawn Over in
Oakland.
Chief of Police Lloyd Points Out
the Difference in the
Two.
He Is the Referee and Will Stop
Any Transgressions of
Rules.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 20.
Chief of Police Lloyd concurs with
the San Francisco Grand Jury in re
gard to issuing permits for boxing con
tests, and believes that the State law
positively forbids the act. While this
is a fact, he does not believe that the
contests held by regularly organized
athletic clubs, which have their own
rooms and gymnasiums, can In any
manner be classed with the so-called
club contests held in San Francisco.
The Grand Jury's report says: "The
honorable District Attorney states that
these so-called boxing matches are sim
ply disguised prize fights, squarely
within the prohibition of the Penal
Code; and as they are, per se, illegal,
you cannot by ordinance legalize that
which is intrinsically illegal and is for
bidden by the Penal Code of the State."
Referring to this, the Chief said to
night: "There never has been but one
affair in this city that I did not like.
That occurred in the Tabernacle, and I
then told the management that it could
never hold anything outside of its
gymnasium. Both President Allen of
the Acme and President Fitzgerald of
the Reliance have been exceedingly
careful that nothing beyond the legiti
mate boxing should ever occur in their
clubs.
"The other evening two fellows with
I big gloves went at each other rather
roughly, but there were only three
rounds. Neither could hurt the other
and I laughed at their clumsiness. In
San Francisco the regular clubs like
ours never ask for a permit, nor do
the police ever attend them. They are
club affairs, but when you rent a hall
and charge one, two and three dollars
for from four to ten thousand people
it is certain that the 'boxing' is simply
j a prize fight. Our own boys may try
their skill all they want, but we are
not going to have any imported toughs
in this city.
"It is not the clubs that are hard to
control in this matter, but the outsid
ers. I presume a third of the people
in this city are interested in these af
fairs. Then the tough element from
south of Market street, San Francisco,
rushes in and attempts to get beyond
the limit. I have the full support of
the management of the clubs in this
matter and whenever they go beyond
the limit that minute will they stop
giving any exhibitions. I attend or
have a captain or sergeant at every
; cmc of their contests, and will know
I when to act."
Indorsed far United States Senate.
The regular meeting of the Austrian-
Swiss Republican Club was held on Sat
urday evening at the southwest corner
of Hyde and Turk streets. The following
officers were elected: S. W. Vulicevich,
I president; George W. Richardson, vice
' president; A. Pedrotta. secretary, and P.
' H. Zambelli, treasurer. The following
■ resolution was adopted by the club:
"Resolved, That this club recognizes the
Dally Call as the official organ of the
club, and that John D. Spreckels be in
dorsed by this club for the United States
i Senate."
Rose-loaf jam is a common dish in
Roumania, where roses are grown by
the million.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at rtatlan Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount or rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "•high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is hlfih in the Interior and low
along the const, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
, SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. ; 20. 5 p. m.
The following , are the seasonal , rainfalls . to
date, as compared with those of : the • same
date' last season and rainfall ' during . the past
twenty-four hours: :„„.;..'
Past This Last
Stations ' 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ...: 1.52-2 3.77 ,35.75
Red Bluff ..........••••••• 0.10 ' 9.36 .: 20.94
Sacramento ......:...••■•• 0.00 C.S4 14.43
San Francisco ............ Trace 5. 58 17.76
Fresno: ...........••••••••• °'°0 3.23. 8.58
San I.uls Oblspo .....: 0.00 •'.< 3.8S .17.36
I.os Angeles ......"......;. 0.00 4.11 • 14.43
San Diego W.. ........... O.ro 3.3S 10.09
Yuma .•..:;:.....•••••••• 0.00 1.26 -4.87
San Francisco data: : Maximum : temperature,
M: minimum, 45: mean.; 50. , ,••,-. .:;
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ■
A storm of considerable energy Is central to
night over the northern hnlf of the Pacific
slope. The pressure has fallen rapidly over
the Rocky Mountain region and westward. An
area of high pressure lies over the upper Mis
souri Valley.
The temperature has fallen from S to 12 de
grees over Oregon and Northern California.
A rainfall of 1.82 Inches Is reported at Eu
reka. Rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast
north of San Francisco and will probably .fall
generally through California to-night and Mon
day morning.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 34 miles per hour from
the southeast: Walla Walla, 30 south: Baker
City, ?6 southwest; Roseburg, 28 west; Eureka.
30 southeast; Red Bluff, 26 south; Carson City,
32 southwest.
Storm southeast signals are displayed from
San Francisco northward along the California
coast and information signal is displayed at
Port Harford for high winds and moderate
gales along the coast from San Francisco
northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 21. 1898:
Northern California— Rain Monday: colder
in southern portion: high southeasterly, chang
ing to southwesterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Monday: prob
ably showers; fresh southwesterly wind.
Nevada — Rain Monday; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy Monday; pro v ably showers
Monday night; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity —Rain Monday;
hitch southeasterly winds.
Special report from Mt. Tamalpals— Foggy;
wind southwest, 4S miles; temperature, 41;
maximum temperature. 42: rainfall. 0.05.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, IS9S.
■Su.
0
13
20
27 i
Mo Tu.
7 8
U | 15
21 22
28
We Th.
~T 3
» 10
; 18 n
j23 24
Fr.
i
5
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon,
Feb ti.
-«r-Laßt Quarter.
(is, Feb. U.
y-v New Moon,
\5? Feb. 20.
1
I —
tTLAIHJI* TJ AUHIVB.
reßceni uny . .
tumooldt
iurma
.rcata
lty Puebia.. .
Implre
lty Peking 1
'oraona.
lomer
fashtonaw
Crescent City....
Dypa
iNanaiiro
Coos Bay
Victoria and Ptitret Sound
Coos Bay..
China and Japan
San Dlegro
Newport
Tacoma
uumooidt
j Portland
Seattle
Deuarture Bay
Victoria and Pujet Snd. . .
San Dleeo
Humboldt ,
Mexico
Portland
forth ForK
olumoia
/Wamette. . .
felllnpton
Valla Wa11a....
anta Ro»a
Veeott
irlzaba
t.ite or Cai
STEABIUIIS TO SAIL.
Steamkr. I Destination- I
Sails.
Teeott Humbldt Bay.
.uetralla.. Alaska
ixcelslor.. Alttska
Uimboldt. Alaska.
003 Bay.. Newport.
tateofCal Portland
larlnoaa.. Sydney
aellc Cnlna AJapan
rcata... Coos Bay
rescentC. Grays Harbor
omoua. . San Dleiro
ity Puebla Vie 4 Pgi Sna
lonier Humboldt i
olumbia.. Portlana j
orth Fork Humboldt
ewport .. Panama
IFeb 21. a AM
Feb 21. 2 PM
Fob 21. 1 P.v
Feb 21. 6 PM
Feb 22. 'JAW
Feb 22. 10 am I
Feb ?3, 2 pm i
Feb 23, 1 pm j
Feb 23. 10 am!
Feb 2a. 12 >i
I Feb H. 11 AH
I Feb 25, 10 am
! Feb 2i. 10 am
|Feb 26. 10 am
IFeb 27. 9am
! Feb 28, 12 M
Pier 13
Pier 9
|pie>"'"3
Pier 11
I Pier 24
Pier 7
jPM SS
Pier I*
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier it
Pier a
Plor 24
Pier 2
PM SS
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The hizh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the name at both places.
FEBRUARY- WJB.
Monday. Februaiy -1.
Sun rises.. 6:52
Sun sets 6:55
Moon sets 7:10 P. M.
I Time
!h w
Time
'Fee:
I
•21 | ■ 0:t>:
33 0:37
23 1:07
24 l:i>8
25 2:11
2(i % 2:46
I
.1
6:1« 1.4 12:
7:05 1.3 1:
7:50 1.2 2:
8:45 1.1 3:
«:47 1.1 4:
6:39
7:12
7:46
I : B:2U
»:50J
0.7
U
1.8
2.4
2.y
jyj B£i
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tho
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
I,'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the d»v>th given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to o» . an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
19. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, February 20.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 21 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 78 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
Ship Susquehanna, Laffin, 146 days from
Bnltlmore.
Shij> M P Grace, De Winter, 148 days from
New York.
Haw bark R P Rlthet, 15 days from Hono
lulu.
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore, 25£ days from Ta
hiti.
SAILED.
Sunday, February 20.
Stmr Lacuna, Peterson.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Klausen, Nanaimo.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townscnd.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Hark liufus E Wood. McLeod. Seattle.
Si'hr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, Eureka,
Schr Abble. Anderson, Caspar.
Schr Repeat. Olsen. Honoipu.
fVhr Gotama. Dedrlck, Coos P.ay.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Sparrow. Dart. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOF.OS— Feb 20. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Sr.nquehanna— Dec 14—49 45 S 64 03 W,
ship Indiana, from Philadelphia for San Fran-
Dec IS — 51 IS S f.4 12 W, ship Henry Vlllard,
from New York for Oregon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 20— Stmr
Mlneola, tot Comox.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Feb 20— Schr G
W Watson, for Newport.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Willam
ette, henre Feb 15.
Sailed Feb 20— Ship Invincible, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 20— Stmrs Homer and
North Fork, hence Keb 19.
TACOM A— Sailed Feb 20— Shp Dashing Wave.
for Skaguay.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 19— Br ship Chelms
ford. from Tacoma for Queenstown.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Alice. fm
Eureka: schr Win Henton, from Seattle; schr
Salvator, from Olympia.
Sailed Feb 20— Strrr Cleone.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 20— Stmr Pasadena,
from Astoria for Seattle; bark Guy C Goss.
from Port Los Angeles for Port Townsend;
ship Columbia, from Taooma for San Fran
cisco; ship Eclipse, from Departure Bay for
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb 20— Schr Reporter,
for Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Lucy.
r ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Townsend,
ior Alaska; schr Edward Parke, for San Fran-
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Alcazar, hence Feb 16.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Rotterdam.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Mobile, for London.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O^anJSi <>-•"» HEARS V .ST. Established ■
SPWwm In 1834 for the treatment of Private •
Ha I X 9U 1 ilspasi-s. Lost Man I Debility or '
Hjfissn|^fc'li'-''asHV paring on bodyand mind and
rvMHEßskin Dlzposrs. The doctor cures when '
JH others fall. Try him. ' Charges low .
■«'urr«ennranl<-»d. Callorwrlte.
i Dr. 4. *'. uIUBOy, Box 1997. 5 an Francisco. '
Auction Sales
BASIL H. PAUL'S
LAST CLOSING-OUT
AUCTION
OF
Genuine DHQQ
Oriental iIUDOi
CARPETS, PORTIERES, Etc.,
THIS DAY (MONDAY), February 21,
AT 2 P. M. DAILY,
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
Between : Kearny and Montgomery.
His collection of Rugs stands without rival.
His auction sale is peremptory and . genuine.
All will be sold out before he leaves the city.
No rug lover can ' afford to miss this oppor-
tunity. FRANK BUTTERFIELD,
■ - - - '- ■■ . ■■ Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
pacific COAST STEAMSHIP company
ho! for KLONDIKE !
The Magnificent 3000-ton Iron Steamship
AUSTRALIA
SAIL TOOK PACiriC-ST. WHARF-PIER 7.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 91, 2 P.M.
FOR !' SKAGUAT, DYEA, JUNEAU AND
DOUGLAS ISLAND, ALASKA, VIA . -
" ' SEATTLE. :■
Passengers booked through 1 on- this steamer
without transfer. Fine passenger accommoda-
tions. Plenty of room for dogs. _■-:■ -*'•
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery street, \
Pala«B Hotel, San Francisco. '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
.^' , •;■."'. 10 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamer* leave. Broadway wharf,' .flfsSL.
Fan Francisco, as follows: <fv4S>g
■ For ports In Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. C. 10. 20.
25, and every fifth day thereafter. ;
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, .Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
N>w "Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20, 25. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Taroma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver wltl>
C. P. Ry. -•
. For Eureka (Humboldt' Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 10 a. m.. Feb. 13, 19, 25. March 3, 9, 15.
21. 27, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (Ran Luis Obispo), Gavt-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro- (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Feb. 2. 6. 10. . 14, 18. 22, 28.
and every fourth day thereafter.'
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
ft. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20, 24,. 23, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdaiena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La . Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.) in a. m.. March I,
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter. -'.aUIiHI
The company reserves the right to chants
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and bourn of BRilinsr. ■ • ■
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS Si CO.. Gen. Agts..
./ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. .;.« N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARP <<!: '2 First Class ' Including Berth
TAHE $ 8 Second Clns« and Meals.
SCHEDULE. OF SAILINGS: .-
State of California.... Feb. 22. Mar. 2, 10, 18, 26
Columbia Feb. 26, Mar. 6, 14, 22. 30
■ Through -tickets and through bag-gage to -all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General .Agent,. *
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
'Superintendents.
fH«||l|lf| The S. S. MARIPOSA
r3B|fll«fir -nils via HONOLULU
.•fIC" aa " .in.l AUCKLAND tnr
% ™ SYDNEY. Wednesday,
fs^S'^ I • -N February 23. at 2 d. m.
sflnrnchinj s. s. zealandia.
CyiUlllUlllV 1 - for HONOLULU only,
(Onlßfll7U* Saturday, March 12, at
\wiii};ww) 2p. m Special art
. •■ . •■ rates. .\. "
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. ■ '■ .. . ■■.■•■•
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
-. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st.. San Franclsoo.
Compagnie Generaie Transatlantiqtu.
. French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew;, ii North -*^ra»
River, foot of : orton st. - Travelers 4^¥fHTrs
by this line avoid both transit bywii^mMi 1 .
English railway and the dU-tomfort of crossing
the channel In - a email boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via I'tU. first claaa $110,
second class $116. • . ■ , ■ v • -
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOONE... December 18, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE....... January 8. 10 a. a
For further particulars apply to
.... ."." ... ; -i-.- .;• A. FORGET, Agent.
' ' • No. 8, Bowling Green. New Tor*.
X F. FTOAZI Si. CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
■»c.. San Francisco. . j '._. : .'• • .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. ■ Washington St., at 8
r :■".'■ • p. m. Daily. • - ■
FREIGHT RLCJiiVKO Li* TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone. -■.-■;,
The only line selling through tickets and jrl». :
Ing through freight rates to all points on Us*
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS: ••/
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
.Telephone Muio SOS Oil. Nay. and ImpC Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
. > Steamer Alvlso loaves •■ Pier. 1 dally (Sundays
czcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso dally (Saturday*
excepted) ;at 6 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso, GOo;
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
,Flnt street. Ban Jos*. . ; .-
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. \
Steamer '* Monticello"
Will He up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling .on February .1. and - resume her
route on March 1. ..HATCH BROS
RAILROAD TRAVEL. f
THITsAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY CCMPANY.
, From. September 10. 18S»7, trains. will run as
follows : •■* >.. ■■■*'•* -'■■■ - !■■■ •■'-•■ . •• ■ - ■ _^
~~- Southbound. ■ ! Northbound,
Passen- Mixod o fa .| onl4 ! Mixed ; Passe*
/ ger '. ■■■■:■ Sunday 11110119 - Sunday 1 ■ ger
Dally. Kxc'p'td '* — Exc'p'td Dally. ;
7:30 a.m. : 9:00 a.m. Stockton '3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. S:M p.m.
30:40 p.m..- 3:60 p.m. - Fresno . J:3O a.m. . 2:20 pan.
11. a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanf ori . :45 a.m. : 1 p.m. !
12:15 p.m. 6:4S p.m.; VisalU , 6:40 a..m. .13:411 p.m. 1
.. Stopping at Intermediate po lnta when required . !
■"■ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of -j
C. N. '&'. I. " Co.. ' leaving - San Francisco :■ and
Stockton at 6 p. m. ■ daily: : at Merced : with «
stages to and from Snellings," Coultervllle, etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos. Marlposa, etc. : 1
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. :
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: , .Via Sausaiito Ferry. \ -.
From San. Francisco, Commencing September
■ 1 ; If, ISO 7, -.-, ; . ".';'"-« .■;r*".:'V'
"-'->'.. J" WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and ; San ? Kafael— »7::;, c «3:30,
11:30 a. m.; '1:45, 3:45, •5:15, 6:00, 6:30; p.m.,
Extra trips for '. San Rafael .on -Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■'."■,'■:-• ■■.:-•.■" ;- SUNDAYS.. -. . ■. - ; ;
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo. »10.00,
. •11:30 a. m. : •1:10, 3:00. '4:30, 6:15 p. m. : ■
•Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. . .
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
■ tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
.. Duncan I Mills ' and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
:. Sundays for Point Reyes and. way : stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
■ : •" '"■", (Vla'Sausalito Ferry). '
■ Leave i San - Francisco, i Commencing : Novem-
ber 13.?1597rr; -;.r- .- ■ .-.•' .- 1 :. •>-.■. v . - ..:■ • •• - .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. .■
Sundays— «:oo,~ 10:00. ■ 11:30 :a. m.. 1:1£ 'p. m.
':= Round ; trip from Mill Valley. $1. -
h THOS. COOK . & SON. Agents, 681 ' Market
street, . San Francisco. -;; . ; ; ..-.7- . . . r '
EMIL CORN, General Auctioneer,
Office warerooms, "S3 Mission st. tel. Clay 4T.
" I will sell THIS DAY (MONDAY). Feb. , 21.
lS9S,,at 713 LARKIN ST.. at 11 a. m., the re-
maining stock of . stationery. :
Also WEDNESDAY, Feb. 23, IS9S, $3000 stock
of groceries, . wines, liquors and cigars. Par-
ticulars in Tuesday's paper.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION!
THIS DAY.
M0NDAY......'...': ..." February 21. 1898
At 11 o'clock a. m. •
330, 332 and 334 FOURTH ST.
Imported and Domestic Groceries, Wine* and
Liquors, two Cash ! Registers, two ■ Safes, two
Horses,, three Wagons, 1 store Fixtures. Coffee
Mills and Scales, etc.. etc. : .
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
• BOI7TIIKIKN IM«:iFIt: COJirANT.
(PACIFIC MYSTKM.)
Tritlm lenvc »ml hit «lv* to nrrlv* *•
MAN FllAX«:iM:o.
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street)
ha — From January 1. 1888. — akbitb
•6:OOa Nilcs. San Jose and Way Stations... •»i43a
7:00 a liinicU, Suisun iind Sacramento. . . . 10:49 a -
?:OOa Marysville, OroTiUoaud Redding via
/.Woodland 5i45»
7»00a VacaTillo and Rumsey Bi4of
7:3« a Martinez, San Ilamon. Vallejo. Naps,
Caliatcga ami Santa Rosa oilop
8i(»Oa Atlantic Kipress, Ogdon and Kast.. «U»F
itf»«»A Niles, San Joso. .Stockton, lons,
Sacramento. srarj»»ille, Chico,
Tehamaamlße-UUiiff...: 4 «'2 1 *
•8:»Oa Peters, Milton an.l Oakdale. "7xl»P
»i«oa New Orleans Ksprsss, Meroed, Bay.
1 :,.-;:■. mond, Itbbiio, Bakersljolil, Santa
. ' ll.irlmra, I .on Angeles, Iteming,
. - El Paso, New Orleans and F.ast. «i4sf
9:00 a Vnlkjo, Martinez, Meroed and ,„
Fre5n0:;......'...:..:.; ...: 18:18r
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers «0:OOp
l:OOr Niks. San Jose ax d Way Station*.. JSiloa
1 :30p Martirer and Way Stations.... 7:43*
B:oop Livormore, Mendota,* Hanford and- _
■/>'-*. Vijalia MS?
" ....... Lirenaoro, San Jose, Nilea and Way -
Stations JlOtl^
4:11)1' Mai-tine*. Han lUinon, Vallejo,
- ■ Nana, Ciilistogu, Ml Verwio and
Sarltul:™,,... ••*»*
«!•«!■ !!»•:] icia, Vacatilie, ' Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marjsville. Oro- -■_■
,*.■ vllle aiidHacraiiient IOj«*
4iSOp Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il»P
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
r • • . . Freauo, M(j.>.ve (for Uandsburg),
' Santa Harbara an.l 1.r.» Angeles.. 7i4Oa
4iKop Bawta i'o ltcnte. Atliuitlo press
for Mojitfo nnil Km* ...: •*•»*
«I8:3Op " Su:iae>. Limited." Los Angeleft, El ';
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East |10tlB>
•".■»:3op " Sunset Limlctd Annex," El Paso.
New Oilcans and East |I0«I3a
. GiOOf Huropoan Mull, ()g,l«-u and Kast.... 6:431
' 6:O«i> IlaytTiuiliL Nilrsand Kan J05e...... 7:43 a
J«:0O t Vallejo 17:4«F
8:00 p Orcsou Kx|iroHS,Hucruiiieiito, Marys-
vllle. Ki«Ml'ii;, rcii'tUnii, I'uget
Hintinl an.l l''.ast g:iaA.
SAN IiKA.MiKO AM) iIAYVVAUO*. LOCAL.
, (Foot of Market Street.)
<«C:OOa 1 . ( 7:1"Ba
8:OOa XelroMP, Seminary Park, *!2 : ia A
lo'ooa FHclibnnr, Klmhurst, n!l»*
tll':OOA San Lramlro, South San 1 ? I !-* f
JiatOOM i^udro, litn-lIHo, : jJ!«p.
iitVoop Lorenzo, Cherry < t *'* ! £ r '
4:00p . '2 ! r
S:OOp " n(l , 6:13r
7i«op n.yward.. _,;_. £J«£
8:OOp i K, m , through to Niles. ! .V,i?Z
COA!»1' lUVInIOK (Marrow «iango).
(Foot of Market Street.)
«:il3a Newurk,Oeiileivillci,Siiii.li)Be.Kelton,
Creek, Santa ( 'ruz and Way
Stations ■•••■>
•ailSp Newark, Oentertille, San .lose..New
.^v A linadeii, Fulton, Houltlcr Creek,
.. . Santa Cruz and l'liucipal Way _
Stations.... ..............."i;»S»sJ
4il."»i- Newark, Sun .li.ro and Los Gatos ... 9:80 a.
til i43p Hunters' Eicursion, SaD Jose and _
V. " Wiiy Stations - t7»ZOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS mKCISCO— Foot of Hirltet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11.-0()».w. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:W
•i:00 tB:OO *6:00r.u.
from OUUKD— of Broadwiy.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M..
tl-2:00 ' »l:00 ' ja:OO *3:00 U'-00 ?B;oor.n>'
" COAST 111 VISION i Hroad (iauge).
'- (Tlilnl and Townscnd Sts.) f
OiSSa San Jose ami Way Stutlon* (New :•"-■• '
. Almaden Wednesdays only) Cj»»a .
•iOO* Han .luso, Am Pinos, SunU Cruz,
l'acilic drove. I'aso llubles, San '
l.nls Ol.i.ipn. Gundalupo, Surf and
• lVinclpal Way SUlions 4:10r
IO:4Oa Kan . lima ami Way Stations. "8:00 a
I1:3Oa San J»so iui'l Way Stations' 8«84*
*2::tut-San Matco, ltedwood, Mcnlo Park, .
> "'.',"■' Santa Clara, San .lose, Gilroy,
HolUster, Simla Cruz, Salinas,
..... .Monterey nml Pncilic (irove Moi4o*.
«X:lSp San.losoßiid Principal Way Stations »9:OOa.
•4il»i- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations . 9:45 a
•5«00p Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
B:8«i> San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:30r
O:!IOi- San Jose and Way .Stations.. . 7:»0p
1II:45p Ban Jose ami Way Stations - 7:20p
■ A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
•Sundavaexcepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
\\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
. 5 Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY CO. _
Tiburon Ferry. Foot 01 Market St. ,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. V :
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 13:23,
' 3:30, 5:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:10, 3:30.
' 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
' 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40. 11:10 m.; 1:40, J:4O,
5:00. 6:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park; :
same schedule as above.
~Leavo in eftVe' I A / rive ,
': San Francisco. <>t 24. ' San FranclB .
Week 1 Sun- | I ; nation ! Sun * I Wee*
Daya. I days. | Destination. days. | day 9.
7:80 a.m. IS :00;i.m. Novato. |10:40a.m.j 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. la :30a.m. Petal'ima. i 6:10p.ra. !10:25a.m.
E:lop.m. s:Uop.m. Santa Rosa, i 7:35 p.m. 6:'Cp.m.
■ - ■■■■■■•: ■ ■ -. Fulton.
7:30 a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?, .j ' "f:;X:
■ Lytton.
i Ge.vsMTvllle,
3:Sot>.m. 8:00 a.m. 1 Cloverdale. ' 7:85 p.m. I 6:21 p.m.
. ~~ I . .-. IHopianil and l ■
7:.ma.m. I S-Ooa.m.| Uklah. | 7:BSp.m. «:»p.m.
7:BUa-m.f ■ "■ ■'.■•■ ■ . - 1 - 10:2axm.
!S:oOa.m.! Guernevllle. >7:35 p.m. .
B:Sop.m. I I ' I ■'■ ; «:Kp.m.
7-.Soa.rn. d:UUa.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. B:4Uxai.
and
6:lor>.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 1 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
•:30a.m. •.•00a.m.) c ,,. nn , |10:<0a.m.|10:25a.m.
8:30 p.m. 16 :00 p.m. _ poL Jjj3sp mm p .m.
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for I
Vichy t Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Pell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, ' Potter "
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*B, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonvllle, '
Orr's . Hot - Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg. -Westport, ! Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . • \
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San. Rafael at half rates. •■/•
Ticket '■ Offices— 6so . Market street, Chronlcl*
building; ■■ • ■ . .
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN, *
'■■ . Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
KJ^jJHt .Jill CALIFORNIA
i^Dl^^i LIM !I ED
l^wSH i SAN FRANCISCO
PQllul IssS TO
IMJMIMWMII CHICAGO.
• Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.:;.. .;-;~,;'j-*-is.'~*'"i
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
. "': Pullman Palace Drawing- Room Sleepers. - ' .
S^4 days to • Chicago, '4% ■ days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
' Leaves , dally at* ; 4:30 p. ";.' m., carrying Pullman i
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars >oa '
fast time. ;. Direct connection in Chicago \ and s
Kansas City for all Eastern points. - . -■ - -• \-
. Trains arrive and J depart I from Market-street
Ferry." San Francisco ticket office, C+J Market
ttreet,'- Chronicle building. Telephone Mala ■
IG2O. • -, Oakland : office, 1118 - Broadway. Sacra- ,
mento : office, 201 J street. : Ban Ju»e, 7 West
banta Clara- street. .-,..
1112
-SHALL WE HAVE WAR WITH SPAIN?"
Eloquent and Patriotic Sermons on the Destruction of
the Maine by the Rev. Dr. Rader and
Rev. W. E. Dugan.
The disaster which befell the battleship Maine In Havana harbor was
made the subiect of eloquent and patriotic sermons by two local clergy
men last evening. Rev. Dr. William Rader discoursing on this all-absorbing
tonic of national Interest at the Third Congregational Church, on Fifteenth
street between Valencia and Mission, and Rev. W. E. Dugan preaching
on the same theme at Stewart Memorial United Presbyterian Church, on
Guerrero street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Though the tone
adopted by both ministers is very cautious as concerns the actual source
of blame they unite in a declaration that if Spain is proved guilty of the
awful crime every true American heart will rise in righteous antagonism
against so treacherous a foe and give her such a drubbing that future
generations of that race will be ashamed of her terrible defeat. Dr Na
der's theme was "The Destruction of the Maine," and In part he spoke as
follows:
Disasters have increased with our knowledge and application of force and na
tural law. We have learned the art of death. Every officer who occupies a position
of danger and trust is a potential hero. The engineer .lying at his port, the police
man dying on his heat, the fireman perishing; in the flames are as truly the Heroes
of the world as they who offered up their lives in the martyrdom of the first centuries.
The men who went down In the Maine have taken their places beside the names or our
most illustrious dead and the flag mourns their loss. We are Impressed with the loss
In life which neither money nor blood can repay. We can build another battleship,
but we cannot call back the dead.
We must not lose our heads pending an official Investigation. Many of tne sen
sational reports during the week have been false. If the vessel was destroyed by the
Spanish Government, then war la inevitable. The wrath of the people will leap over
all bounds. It must: it will: it ought. If Individuals are guilty then we must ac
cept the loss and make the most of it. We must not be led by the Jingo agitator and
the sensationalist.
We are not ready for war. A hundred thousand men would use up all our am
munition in a ten minute engagement. Our army and navy have been In politics so
long that a false economy has r.bbed us of our resources. We have boasted our mil
itary supremacy over the world, but there is not a city on the Atlantic seaboard
safe against the armed cruisers of the enemy. We have powder to play with, but
little to fight with.
Out of all this conflict will come the freedom of Cuba.
"Shall We Have War With Spain?" was the subject of Rev. Wi E.
Dugan's sermon. He said:
If the destruction of the warship Maine was an accident, It Is to be lamented, and
greater precautions must be used In the future. If it was the work of Individual an
archists, such nnarchists must be punished. But if Spain willingly and deliberately
planned and executed the explosion then every true American heart will rise in bloody
antagonism against bo wily and treacherous a foe. Then will Spain receive such an
object lesson that her future will be ashamed of the awful defeat. If Spain commit
ted the foul deed, not only will the hearts of Americans rise to punish the offense,
but we will have the sympathy and support of civilized nations. We are not han
kering after war, but justice would demand that such an act be punished to the bitter
end. We would be most .lustard cowards— yes, and contemptible criminals ourselves—
did we not demand justice.
I say if Spain Is guilty let us have Justice even If it has to come by war.
The heavy rain last evening did not prevent a large audience from as
sembling in the Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Dr. Charles Edward
I.ooke. the pastor, occupied the pupit. The usual very excellent music
was re-enforced by the presence of Professor E. O. Excell and Charles H.
Gabriel of Chicago, who sang many choice selections. Professor Excell
leaves this morning to assist the famous Rev. Sam Jones in evangelistic
work in Nashville.
In referring to the destruction of the Maine, Dr. Locke said:
Our tenderest sympathy goes out to-night for the hearts that prieve because of
the Bailor b> ys who were hurried Into a watery grave. It is to be sincerely hoped
that the cause of this awful catastrophe may be traced to an accident, rather than
to the diabolism of some treacherous foe. If. however, it shall appear that we
have been victimized by a deadly enemy, and an inimical nation has sought by vilest
means to visit destruction and disaster upon us. then let wise counsel and conserva
tive statesmanship prevail. Let war always be the last resort. Our nation must de
mand Indemnity, and seek a recognition of our just claims In a court of arbitration.
But, if Spain should recognize no such court of adjudication, and should so cling to
Its medieval instincts as to make war an absolute necessity, then may the Great God
of liberty and truth permit prompt and signal victory to perch Upon the Stars and
Stripes, at once the symbol and the Inspiration of our freedom. But oh, may the day
not be far distant when all national and international difficulties shall be settled by
the Christ-like methods of arbitration! May God speed the day when the disarm
ament of the rations shall take place, and when In fact the swords shall be beaten
into plowshares and the spears into pruning hooks; "when nation shall not life up
sword against nation, nor learn war any more."
Dr. Locke announced that he would discuss the subject "Shall Men Be
Abolished?" two weeks from last night.
ST. LAWRENCE
PROVED FAST
Kerrigan's Entry Won the
Money at Ingle
side.
Van Neda and Gallagher Furnished
the Sensation of the En
tire Day.
Despite the threatening weather yes
terday a large crowd visited the In
gleside coursing grounds to witness the
card which had been drawn for beaten
dogs during the past three months.
Betting was good, and a large per
centage of short-enders won the
money. All the hounds were in splen
did fettle from a long rest which they
have received waiting for to-day's rac
ing. There is much talk concerning the
coursing which will take place on next
Tuesday and Wednesday, as many
crack English and local hounds will
compete for the various purses hung
up for the events.
The sensation of the day was the
superb coursing of Van Neda and Gal
lagher. Three stnrts were necessary to
decide the course, and Gallagher, who
carried the talent's money, won after
a hard and exciting go. The first two
slips resulted in no goes, with Gallagher
on the short end in the betting, but the
money evened when the next start was
made. Unfortunately Van Neda re
ceived a slight injury on the hind foot,
and in the last start money was as good
as 3 to ± in favor of the Portal entry.
Jerry Sullivan and Mr. Welsh, the
barytone of the Bostonian opera com
pany, were among the interested spec
tators, and during the day watched the
sport from the field.
Judge Grace decided that D. Flynn's
Tom Bell beat J. M. StillweU's Little
, Dell. 5—3; J. Mosconi's Olein beat J.
Mazzini's Donald, 7—3; J. Kerrigan's St.
Lawrence beat M Rogers 1 Sly Boy. 5% — 0;
D. Kaher's Bell of Moscow beat Dr. Van
Hunnnd's Van. Brulle, 3— 2tt; P. Reilly's
Jtanger beat Lowe & Thompson's Visitor
by default; Dr. Van Hummel's Van Neda
beat G. Pinto's Hercules, 2—o; S. E. Por
tal's Gallagher beat D. Hooper'H Koo
Lawn. 6— l J /i; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
of Fashion beat Batt & Frank's Count of
Monte Cristo, 14— <!; S. E. Portal's Light
ning beat M. Nealon's Bryan. 4—2;4 — 2; S. E.
Portal's at Last beat James Byrnes' Silk
wood, 7—3; E. Scott's Lord Byron beat
J. Quano's Fireman, 7—3; J. J. Edmonds'
Forget beat G. Wattson's Mountain Las
sie. 6—o; J. J. Edmonds' Move On beat
Henry Spring's Pat Malloye, 3—l;3 — 1; James
Byrne's Mohawk beat Scott & Glasson's
Magic. 6V- A: Swinnerton a bye.
Second ties— Tom BHI beat Olein, 6—o;
Bt. Lawrence beat Hell of Moscow, 6—l;6 — 1;
Van N'eda beat Ranger, 7—o; Gallagher
bf-at Prince of Fashion, 7—l; Lightning
btat Lord Byron, 3—o: Forget beat At
Last. S—l;S — 1; Swinnerton beat Move On, 2—o;2 — 0;
Mohawk a bye.
Third ties— St. Lawrence beat Tom Bell,
7—o; Gallagher beat Van Neda; Forget
beat Lightning; Swinnerton beat Mo
hawk.
Fourth ties— St. Lawrence beat Galla
gher, fi — 1%; Swinnorton beat Forget, 6^—l.
Final— St. Lawrence beat Swinnerton,
AYn — 0. and won the course.
The winners for the coursing on the
22d have been called as follows:
In the John Grace, cup— Patria,- Rusty-
Gold. Van Trallle, Amorita, Widow
lirophy. Crow Dog. Spnorita, Coralie,
Flashlight, Susie. Moore's Prescription,
Swinnerton, Connemara. Mialmo, Chit
Chat and Moondyne.
Puppy Derby— Farmer Hill. Dempsey
Lass. Royal Oak. Gladiator and Log Boy.
BpII Brandon cup— Minerva. Daisy D.
6t. Gertrude. Heather Dell. Mystic. Lot
tie M, Liberty Bell and Prince George.
The Overcoat Trick.
Five young men went into the gents'
furnishing store of P. Pozanski, 330
Fourth street, Saturday night, and while
three pretended to buy braces and socks
the other two, who each carried an over T
coat over his arm, stole ten pairs of
trousers that were on the counter. After
they left the theft was discovered and
the police were notified. Yesterday De
tectives Ryan and ODea recovered the
trousers in Rosenberg's second-hand store
at 315 Third street, where they had been
■old by the thieves.
AMATEURS SCORE
A DECIDED HIT
The Best Talent in the City
Take Part in a
Benefit.
Ed Hogan Cheered — All th« Pro
gramme Did the Partici
pants Justice.
Two very clever amateurs surprised the
audience at the Theatrical Mechanics' As
sociation benefit yesterday afternoon; in
fact, they were so clever that few in the
audience knew that they were anything
but professionals. The pair were Miss
Etta Butler and Louis Butler, who ap
peared in an original sketch entitled "Her
Debut." consisting of imitations and bur
lesques. Miss Butler's imitations of
Modjeska. Lydia Yeamans-Titus, Mrs.
Leslie Carter and others were very enter
taining, and Mr. Butler's imitations of
Francis Powers, Frawley, Warde and
others kept the house constantly amused.
Hlack Patti's Troubadours were splendid,
and Ed Hogan quite took the place by
storm, while Black Patti was encored re
peatedly.
The rest of the programme ' was first
class, there being representatives from all
of the local theaters.
Miss Jessie Bartlett Davis, who was on
the programme, did not appear, as she
was indisposed.
The benefit was given for the aid of the
charity and benevolent fund of the asso
ciation.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Marie Walnwright has arrived at the
Baldwin.
Judge George S. Nixon of Nevada Is at
the Palace.
Colonel A. G. Abbott of Santa Cruz is
at the Grand.
Lieutenant J. H. Syphen, U. S. N., is at
the Occidental.
Charles Bailey is registered at the Pal
ace from Toronto.
George Carr of London, England, is reg
istered at the Palace.
T. E. Johnson of Memphis, Term., is a
guest at the Occidental.
Judge T. L. Carothers of Ukiah arrived
at the Grand yesterday.
W. B. Schofleld is registered at the Oc
cidental from New York.
L. W. Sinclair of Salem, Ind., is at the
Palace with his wife and family.
Ex-Postmaster R. D. Stephens of Sacra
mento is registered at the Palace.
Daniel Murphy, clerk of the Hotel Ven
dome in San Jose, is at the Baldwin.
S. Mason and Joseph Bray, two mining
men of Sonora, are guests at the Lick.
D. E. Cohen of Carson City, Nev., and
J. S. Hackey of Louisville, Ky., are stay
ing at the California.
Count Ledeburg and Count Collonerde
have returned to the Palace after visiting
the southern part of the State.
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Oldham of London
have returned from their trip to the
southern part of the State, and are again
at the Palace.
H. B. Gillis. ex-District Attorney of
Yreka, has left the Grand, where he has
been staying for some time past, to re
turn to his home.
Men who fol
low the sea for
a living are con
stantly meeting
with occurrences
which to a lands
man would af
ford food for
DESTINY
IN A
DOG'S TAIL.
many a fireside tale and the escapes
from death which are the lot of nearly
every sailor, and which are accepted in a
mutter-of-fact way as merely incidental
to their profession, are sometimes hardly
less than providential. The following,
which was told yesterday by Captain
Harding at the Russ. shows on what triv
ial matters destiny hangs:
Many years ago, when the narrator was
a boy, and when the China seas were
filled with pirates, he arrived In a vessel
from Liverpool at Hongkong, where he
was discharged without a dollar in jbis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
I pockets, all his earnings having gone into
! the slop chest.
The morning following his arrival he
! went down to the docks to look for a
! ship, and was particularly struck with
| two vessels lying side by side— a ship and
! a brig— both of which were to sail in a
I day or two on trading trips to Java and
: the adjacent islands.
Finally he hit on the ship as the vessel
< of his choice, and was about to go aboard
to apply for the berth he knew was va
i cant when a dog with a tincan on Its tail
i ran past, and he started to chase it. The
pursuit brought him far up town, where
; he fell In with some boon companions,
: and it was two days before he again got
I down to the wharf, where he found that
! the ship had sailed and the brig was to
! go the next day.
He at once shipped on the brig, and in
i the morning went to sea in her.
Seven days afterward they overhauled
! the burning wreck of the ship, which
had been boarded by Chinese pirates, who
had murdered every soul on board. Had
it not been for the dog, Captain Harding
would have been on board her and have
I shared the fate of the rest.
KNIGHTS OF THE GOLDEN EAGLE.
California Castle No. 1. Knights of the
Golden Eagle, will give a smoker to its
friends on the evening of next Wednes
day in Coloma Hall, Native Sons' build-
ing. A fine programme has been ar
ranged and there will be a collation and
refreshments. The castle, through its
good of the order committee, of which
F. A. Miller is chairman, will give an
entertainment on the last Wednesday of
each month.
California Castle has started in afresh
and now has several applications on the
desk, and at each meeting has a good at
tendance. _^_^__
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2251 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2326 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
icOo Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
mi;i:ti\'.; notices.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K. <*_£_«
T. Golden Gate building. C2J Sutter
Stated assembly THIS EVENING Hjjjl
at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of the v^'
Temple will bo conferred. All fraters are
courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL. Era. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J\_
Business and R. A. degree. H\J*
II G. PRINCE. Secretary. /V A
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. M
& A. M., Franklin Hall, 1539 Fill- _#k_
more st.— Third degree THIS iMi'N-TKjf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By/ V*
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) Ji.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second ■!»■- J&J\
gree. • By order of the W. M. /NT >
G. W. ROOT. Secretary.
NOTICE rt meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held
at Its banking office, 301 Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the twenty-
first (21st) day of February. IS9S, at 3:15
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en-
suing year, and for the transaction •of such
other businers as may come before the meet-
ing. B. D. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 20, 1898. !•%,(
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., San Francisco,
; Cal.. on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March,
ISOS, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business a3 may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. February 26. at 12 o'clock m.
• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for S4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room «; tel. 5550.
j ROOMS papered from $2 50. and whitened from
$1 up. 239 Third st. and 2S9S Twenty-fourth.
! MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths: unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120'^ Geary st., room 11.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 78 (fifty
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 MarKet st., on and
after Tuesday, March 1, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday, February 23, 189S,
at 3 o'clock p. in.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 52 (forty cents per share) of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
527 Market St., on and aft'jr Monday, Feb-
ruary 2i, IS9B. Transfer books will (lose on
Tuesday, February 15, 18!>s, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. il SHELDON. Becretary.
SITUATIONS \\ V.VIKIJ— HJ>IAI,E.
. COMPETENT Canadian nurse, best of refer-
ence, desires situation. J. F. CROSETT
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French maid and seamstress de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; or as
nurse: best references. MISS CULLEN, 325
I Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
j work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
i CULLEN, 32:. Batter st.
COMPETENT French second Kirl <Jp«iri>s situa-
| tion, or as nurse; best references; city or
j across the bay. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT German girl wishes situation as cook;
understands first-class German cooking; ref-
erences. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.; tel.
Green 721.
; NORWEGIAN houseglrl with best city refer-
ences, good cook. $20 to $25; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
WOMAN wishes situation; thoroughly under-
stands housework and cooking, also baking;
good reference; wages $12. Address 634 Wash-
ington Et.
1 YOUNG woman desires position to do cham-
berwork or plain sewing. Call or address
569 Mission s.t., room 7. first floor.
' SITUATION wanted by competent girl for
general housework and cooking. ISI2 Fill-
more St., near Bush.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation In
kitchen of boarding-house; small wages. 270
Jessie st.
AN intelligent young lady wishes work In
store; best of references. Apply or address
roolh 12, Donohoe bldg.. Market and Taylor.
DRESSMAKER, first-class cutter and fitter,
desires work In families; terms $1 per day
or $25 per month; no objection to country.
Address box 1205, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like position to do
light housework in good, private family;
no children; wages no object; good home pre-
ferred ; city or country. Address 808 Center
nt., Oakland.
! AN experienced Swedish girl desires a situation
to do general housework; good cook; city
references. Call from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
1404 California st.
IW ' NTED — Position by young woman to do
; second work and waiter; good seamstress;
| city or country. Address box 1221. Call.
I WANTED— Housework, by neat elderly Protes-
tant woman: city or country; is good plain
cook and laundress. Address box 1225. Call.
j EXPERIENCED ladles' nurse desires a few
more engagements; best of references; terms
| moderate. 110 Fell st.
j REFINED woman wants steady position In
American family as child's nurse and seam-
stress; best references; $12 to $15 per month
Address box 1230. Call office.
GOOD cook and second girl, or will do chamber-
work ami waiting; city or country, liox 1232
i Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes work housecleanlng or
washing; $1 10 per day. 569 Minna St., rear.
: WOMAN wishes situation to do pjaln sewing or
mending, llfi Sixth st., room 6.
: YOUNG lady wishes to act as companion and
| give Sight services In exchange for good home
and small salary; references. Box 1235, Call.
i TWO respectable women would like engage-
ments to go to Klondike as cook and wait-
ress. Addreps box 1238. Call office.
I YOUNG woman would like 2 or 3 days' work
\ each week. 233 Prentins st., nr. Cortland aye.
LADY wishes working housekeeper's pcsltlon
I or plain sewing. 139 Fourth st., room 10.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, housework of any
kind; day, week or month; no objection to
_country. F\_B.. 966 Third at.. Oakland.
AMERICAN lady, general housework and sew-
ing; no objection to country: girl 4V- years.
Address MRS. J., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady desires a position to do cham-
berwork or sewing, or both. Call or address
30S Tehama St., room 14.
RELIABLE young woman wishes a position to
do housework; best of city reference. Call
at Pll Howard st.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St., room 1.
RESPECTARLE woman wants a situation for
general housework, cook and laundress; no
objection to short distance In the country.
Call at 551 Howard st.
WANTED— By refined young woman, advanced
in music, home in musical family; services
given for piano lessons. MRS. L., 1506 Hyde.
YOUNG woman wishes position In country to
do light housework; good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Box 1144. Call Orflee.
ELDERLY woman wishes place, city or coun-
try; $8 or $10 a month. 270 Minna st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
PIANIST— Quick reader, wishes position it. I
music store or orchestra. Address C, branch
Call office, 339 Hayes st.
SITUATION.* WAKTED-MAUJ.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 yefcr«) help;
tel. Main 1597. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st. j
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant D 6. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^2 OFarrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOS Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell: tel. Davis 6os.
STEADY boy, age 17, living with parents, de-
sires situation. Box 1146, Call office.
MAN (young, single) wants situation as gar-
dener (flowers and vegetables), milker, etc.;
can drive and care horses; Al references;
medium wages. Box 1148, Call.
PRINTING— Steady man wants country situa-
tion; news, book or plain Jobbing. R. LOCKE,
Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a situation
in family or boarding-house. Address
YOUNG MEY, 729 Sacramento st.
GARDENER; French; experienced in landscape
and general work; best references; by the
day or month. Call or address 2221 Post Bt.
SITUATION wanted around place by active
elderly man; understands care of horses;
good careful driver; can milk and do garden
work, references. Box 1226, Call.
STEADY young man wißfaee position In butcher
shop to learn trade, or In mercantile house;
permanent position an object; reference. Ad-
dress 313 Third aye.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener wants situa-
tion in city or country; good propagator;
handy with tools; can milk: no intelligence
office need apply. Address R. T. BAKER,
5".7 Bryant St., city. S. F.
THOROUGH, practical machinist and mechan-
ical engineer, who han bad charge of the
erection and management of some of the
largest mining, milling an>l smelting works,
also of the pumping works of one of the
largest cities in the United States, desires
a position; can give best of references. Box
1229, Call office.
COACHMAN, by a thoroughly capable man of
long experience; references as to qualifica-
tions and character from well-known Ameri-
can families; is also a food caretaker of
private residence. 305 Eddy St.
RELIABLE middle-aged man. with years of
experience In care of horses, carriage and
garden for private parties, wishes work; can
milk: handy and obliging; good references.
Address C. R. C, 709 Minna St.
POSITION as foreman, liler or sawyer by a
man having experience In California. Ore-
gon and Washington, f^r circular saw mill;
best of references. Box U96, Call.
YOI'NG experienced butcher, good reputation,
wishes situation In shop or wagon. Address
Batcher, .2986 Twenty-flrst st.
GERMAN gardener wants few more engage-
ments by the day, or position as gardener
on private place; city or country. Box 12u3.
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER-Thoroueh. experienced ac-
countant, cashier and correspondent ; Al city
references. Box 1041. Call office.
AS nurse or valet to a gentleman; gives mas-
sage; hest of references. Box 1199. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese family cook; will do
plain washing; best of references: city or
country. Address box 1177. Call office.
RELIABLE man with Rood horse and cart
wants work by day or contract; tack signs,
etc.; experience. Box 1173. Call office.
MONEY loaned on tvatcb.es, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION wanted l>y first-class Eastern
coachman; best of reference from Vanlerbtlt
family furnished. Call or address Coach-
man, 722 Hush st.
Al CUSTOM ratter and tailor wishes position.
Address box 1123, Call office.
BY a young marrlfd man as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box 1061. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, :5c to $150 night; $1 00 to ft
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions ami want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
10 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, hotels
and restaurants. $JO. $5 and $6 a week: cook,
small boai ding-house. $25; 4 cooks. German
style. $25 and $30; 3 Gorman, Scandinavian
and French second girls, $20 and $25; laun-
dress and Chambermaid, $25; nurse and
chambermaid, $20; 2 American working
housekeepers, $16 and $20, and a great many
girls to (ill our numerous situations In city
and country. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for American
family. 2 persons, and assist with baby, $20;
office fee paid by lady. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
MOTHER and daughter or sisters, general
housework and care of baby; 2 in family: $20;
office fee paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, same hotel, new place, near
city, $20: 2 waitresses, Oakland. $20. C. R.
HANSEN & i'm., ms Geary st.
2 MORE waitresses for San Diego County; free
fare; 51"). c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
6 WAITRESSES, large hotel. Los Angeles Co..
steady work all summer, $20; waitress. Santa
Cruz Co., $20; San Jose, $25; Fresno, $20;
Pleasantun, $20, and others. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 10S Geary et.
GIRL, care baby, $10; 10 Scandinavian and
German girls for general housework, city and
country, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st.
IRONER for starch work country hotel laun-
dry, $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
COOK and laundress Frultvale, $25; 10 house-
work _irls, city and country. $20 and $25; 6
young clrls. assist $10 to $13. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CTLLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
SECOND girl and sew, $25; French second girl.
$20; French nurse $25 MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light second work. $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $30 and $35 MISS " CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NT'RSE, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I YOUNG Klrl, ll K ht housework: 2ln family; $15.
; _MISS CULLKX, 32:> Suttor rt. t
j COOK. $50: .•harr.l.ermald. Hi to *30. MISS
1 CULLEN, 325 Ruttrr st.
WANTED— Waitress, Pacific Grove, $20; 10
: waitresses, south, fare refunded, $20; 5 wait-
resses, $5 week; 4 waitresses, $4 week; 9 young
! girls, $10 to $12 month small places: 2 kitchen
• girls. $10 and $15 month; girl for bakery;
I lunch counter girl; lunch and dinner walt-
| ress, restaurant, $8- waitresses, $5 week.
I MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
WOMAN cook, $30; no dishwashing. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
.GIRL, Howard, $25: girl Hyde. $20; girl. Berke-
ley. $20; girl. Cumberland. $15: girl. Octavla
St.. 430; Pacific aye.. $2;.; Chestnut St.. $25;
Masonic aye., $25- Eddy. $25: Washington,
j $25: Scott St., $20; Vallejo, $20: Pine St.. $20;
Alameda. $25; San Lorenzo. $20: Merced. $20;
! Santa Cruz, $20; 10 girls. $15; 11 German. 6
I Swedish, S Danish girls. MARTIN & CO..
; 749 Market st.
| WAITRESS, nice county hotelTs2o, fare paid.
MURRAY & READY, £54-636 Clay st.
WOMAN to ( 1; for a few boarders at the
springs. $20. fare paid. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
PROTESTANT girl for second work and plain
sewing; small American family; near city;
$20; references required. JR.kkai 6c
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
SCANDINAVIAN" housekeeper, to cook for two
men, $15; country; two housegirls Oakland,
$25 each; German housegirl, city. $20. two in
family; Irish housegirl. $25 to $30; cook. $30;
Swedish cook. $25; second girl. $20; seam-
stress ami waitress, $25; German nurse. $2i>;
young nursegirl. $15. and a number of girls
and women for city and country. JJHh.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— 3 German cooks, $30 and $25;
French nurse and seamstress, $20 to $25;
laundress and chambermaid, $25; 2 flrst-clase
:=tarch ironers, hotel, $25; girls for house-
work and assist, $20, $15 and $10. LEON"
ANDRE, 30S Stockton st.
TWO waitresses for country hotel, $20. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
GOOD Scandinavian or German girl for gen-
eral housework, $20; take Sutter or Geary-st.
car to Third aye. 233 Third aye., Richmond
District.
WANTED — First-class tailoress on fine coats;
no others need apply. 511Vs Jones St., near
O'FarreU.
WANTED— Tailoress on coats. Call 405%
O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; wages $20. 1724 Vallejo st.
WANTED--Girl who understands German
cooking and housework. 1440 O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl for light housework; wages $12.
Apply 130S Ellis St.
GIRL for housework and take care of child;
$12. 1421 Larkin st.
WAITRESS wanted at 134 Powell St.
GIRL to care for baby and do light house-
work (about 15 or 16). 2830 Twenty-fourth.
WANTED— Girl to assist In housework and
care of children. 1223 McAllister st.
YOUNG woman to work in the kitchen; under-
stands cooking. 13 Polk st.
COOK and laundress, family of 3, $25; nurse
_Birl, $15, call early. 721 Ellis st.
WANTED— GirI of 15 or 16 to do light house-
_work; wages $10. Call 1007 Guerrero st.
WANTED— GirI to learn dressmaking; one liv-
ing at home preferred. 6 Eddy St., room 97.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking. Call bet. 10 and 12 to-day, 1720 Bush.
WANTED — Girl for cooking, general house-
work. Apply 2409 Washington St.
LADY cashier; loan office; hotel housekeeper
(married), $45. 313 Bush st.
VISITING governess, English branches and
music; stenographer and typewriter. 313 Bush.
ASSISTANT auditor; corporation business;
man and wife; position of trust. 313 Bush st.
AN expert ventilator and hairdresser. 24 Geary
street.
EXPERIENCED second girl, wages $20; cook-
ing and housework, $20. Apply 525 Eighth Bt.,
Oaklnnd.
LADIES— Agent wanted, canvassing easy sell-
ing article. D. T., box 1245, Call office.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs and care
of children. App v 517 Devisadero St., be-
tween :»a nd 12; wages $15.
TAILORESS to work on custom pants. RAM-
SEY. 121 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man wants job; any kind of work;
small wages. Address S.. box 26, Call office.
: MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
st.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEV I. STRAUSS & CO., 32H Fremont st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1073 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MALI. HELP WAI.TEO.
WANTED— Young man to run electric eleva-
tor; 2 laborers for mine, $20 and found; 10
laborers for lumber railroad. $20 and found;
miners. $3 a day; 5 timbermen for mine, $2 50
day.: farmer and wife. $3".; wood-turner and
machine man for light work. $12 a week;
F0 woodsmen for tlemaking and woodchop-
ping; blacksmith for camp, $1 a day and
found; cooks, waiters and others. Apply to
J F CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento St.
TO THE WOODS
S6 men to cut wood. 4-ft. pine, 4-ft. redwood,
stovev.ood. oak wood, manzanlta wood; 16
timber-fellers and crosscutters. MURRAY &
READY, C 34-636 Clay St.
DRYGOODS clerk wanted: country store.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C RANCH hands. $2."> and $20 per mo., found;
4 pruners for orchards; farmer and wife: 2
choreboys; 2 Italian vegetable gardeners.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
FAMILIES
35 families to go Into a new town, located in
Santa Cruz Co., and chop wood, work in
sawmills and logging camp; can send chil-
dren to school. MURRAY & READY. 634-
626 Clay st. ' : ..- ■ , ' i . . '■:.'.. .-;-
356 TIFMAKERS WANTED
for different places and counties: Be, 9c and
10c each; for banks, trust syndicates and cor-
porations. MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay.
TAILORS-Ladies 1 tailor wanted; $18 week;
shoemaker, $7 week and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
3 TEAMSTERS, city. $1 "3 day; board your-
self. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER, married man; solicitor for a
dairy, city Job. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st.
COOKS, waiters and dishwashers, etc., wanted
at MURRAY & READY'S, 634-636 Clay st.
FOR a great corporation and bank we want
25 men to cut wood; call early. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
6 FARMERS, $20 and found; 4 German or
Scandinavian farmers, $2u and found; Ameri-
can farmer, sharpen tools, $25 and found; 20
woodchoppers, *1 25 a cord; 16 more tie-mak-
ers. Sc and lt'c a tie. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
IdS Geary st.
SEVEN carpenters, $35 and found; short dis-
tance In the country; see boss at our office
this morning; call early. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
CREAMERY man: run Alpha separator; $CO.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
COLD meat cook; country hotel; $50 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
4 NE.vT colored waiters with dress suits for a
country hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S
Geary St.
2 WAITERS, drrss suits, country hotel. $30;
5 Eastern waiters; waiters for European
plan, country hotel. $35 an.l free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
lIGHTCLERK. country hotel; $30 and found;
one with California experience in commercial
hotels. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
WASHER and starcher; country steam laun-
dry; 130 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st.
BELLMAN to tend door; $25 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
THREE cooks, cit- restaurant, $10 week; cook,
small place, $7 week and room; 4 cook's
helpers, $6 to $7 week; private hotel, $70;
second and pastry, $40: dishwasher, $20; ho-
tel cook, city, $60. MARTIN & CO.. 749
Market st.
COOK, second and pastry, country hotel.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
EIGHT dishwashers. $5 week to $25 month.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
TWO waiters $30 and room; 2 waiters, $25 and
room; Z waiters, $6 week; 3 boys; to learn
waiting. $10 to $15 and room. MARTIN &
CO., 74U Market st.
WANTED— Driver for first-class milk route in
cltv no experience required; must be single
and acquainted with city; references required;
salary *3"> per month, board and lodging. W.
1) EWER. 626 Clay St.
WANTED-5 miners, $52 per month, part fare
advanced and steady work; elderly American
man to attend door at an institution, $10 per
month and found; farmers, milkers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 626 Clay st.
FROM the Los Angeles branch of the Clerks
Exchange" to-day orders for 2 Jewelers, $20
per week: notion clerk. $12; domestic goods
salesman $12: man to take charge furnish-
ing goods department: drapery and lace cur-
tain salesman. One membership Includes the
combined facilities of all ofttes. The high-
est charges do not exceed 10c per week: in-
vestigate. 313 Bush st.
■ FREE— To further assist In our efforts to ob-
tain lucrative commercial positions for com-
petent male and female members, we fur-
nish our services to employers free of any
expense, publicity or annoyance; our can-
vassers will call for orders. Telephone Main
534. 313 I'.ush st.
THE canvassing facilities, the advertising ad-
vantages of S Pacific Coast offices to our
members for less than 10c per week; lnves-
tlgnte. 313 Bush Bt.
NOMINAL membership fee. no charge for po-
sition; 10 per cent after first month's trial;
an obligation to refund money, some of the
features of the Clerks' Exchange, 313 Bush.
BROILER, restaurant. $50; vegetable garden-
er, country. }20. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S
and 610 Clay st.
BUTLER. $40. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 136.
RESTAURANT cook; also waiter and dlsh-
cnurtier. 331 Bay st.. opp. wire works.
GOOD night cook; none but an expert need
apply; references. 20 Third St., bet. 9 and 10.
GOOD bootblack for barber shop. Corner Cal-
ifornia and Devisadero sts.
GENTLEMAN partner wanted with small cap-
ital. 3RM; Geary st., room 15.
WANTED— 3 rough carpenters to build bins.
Apply 564 Mission st.
i
HELP \VA\ r -j;n- Continued.
PORTER— Young man as porter. Apply with
references between 9 and 10 o'clock to-day
ROBT. L. TOPLITZ & CO., 545 Market st.
WANTED— A good second cook. 134 Third st.
WANTED— Man or boy to work In kitchen;
wages $10 and room. 656 Geary st.
WANTED— An experienced, thoroughly compe-
tent salesman and buyer for furnishing goods
and clothing. Address applications to L. F.,
box 1217, Call Ofgce, stating where last em-
ployed, references and salary expected ; no
application will- be considered unless the in-
formation asked for Is given.
WANTED— Trustworthy persons to travel; sal-
ary $7SO and expenses; reference; inclose self-
addressed stamped envelope. THE DOMIN-
ION COMPANY, Chicago.
BOY, 14 years, to learn mechanical trade;
German descent preferred; must live home.
Address box 1223. Call office.
WANTED— 6 good bakers on bread. Queen City
and Eureka Baking Co., Seattle, Wash.
FIVE men to join a company opening gravel
and quartz mine. Call at 1145 Mission st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s>:ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
craitins office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cat
VALLEJO House, 633 California St.— This house
changed hands; everything in good condition;
rooms. 2n<\ 60c, 7. r .c. $1 per night; per week,
$1 2j, $2 and $3; transient; housekeeping rooms
cheap; call and see. LOUIS MATTEL Prop.
PROGRESSIVE Harbers' free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy.. 102 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
PHYSICIAN wanted in first-class country loca-
tion, or will sell drug store to physician; no
other doctor in town; no cut prices on drugs;
price JlOOO. Address Old Physician, box 30,
Call office.
WANTED — Experienced electric elevator opera-
tors. Apply at once Superintendent, the Em-
porium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 613 Clay st.
COOK wanted at 62C Sacramento st
SHINGLE packer for a large corporation and
sawmill. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
MILLWRIGHT for a great sawmill. MURRAY
& READY. fi34 and 636 Clay st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— First-class brewer for Oregon. Ad-
dress box 1143, Call office.
GERMAN boy to drive wagon and help in
butcher shop. 196 Noe St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 lar»»
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764tt Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and |1 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CIVIL service Government positions — 50 ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHEB
Preparation, Washington, D. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
WINCHESTER House. .44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room ■
free.'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions" taken.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4-;-Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth St.
; SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 56T.% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 50c night; $1 to $2 week. /
DRUMM, 225 (Oriental)— 15c to 75c per
night: 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
' for a room; 2.".c a night; $1 a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The call:
want ads and subscriptions taken.
PARTNERS WANTED. ' '.-■■'.': •
WANTED— partner with $200 in small manu- j
facturing business in Alameda County; trial
, given. . Call at 1571 Market st. . ,-,
RESPONSIBLE partner for first-class hotel
and road house; choice location. ■ Box 1171,
■ Call office.
FURNITUUE WAf TED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Mint IS2I. ' . .
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
■ gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71..
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scilptions and want ads taken. j :;•'-;'.-*.'
itv.O.'lS WANTED.
3 MODERN unfurnished rooms, between Powell
and Fillmore, Market. and Jackson sts.. by
couple; no children; references' exchanged.
Box 1197. Call office.
NICE sunny, clean room; private residence pre-
ferred: state rent expected. Box 1194. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
DENTIST wants board and room In exchange
for dentistry. Address box 1222, Call.
LADY wishes pleasant room, board: private
family; $22; references. Box 1244. Call.
UNFURNISHED room in exchange for use of
parlor and bedroom set. Box 10%. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To rent a complete restaurant or
outfit, with privilege of buying: must be
good condition. Box 1212, Call of flee. , .-,;.
\VM. MIND, watchmaker and Jeweler: gold
and sliver bought for cash. 226 Ellis st.
SEWING machine wanted; high arm; state
maker. Box 1214. Call office.
6000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; lluo grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, m«>ch., survey, assay, urchlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 18flt. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. BKS Market st.
FOR SO days" only we will toach our improved
method of portrait enlarging free. Halloran
Art School, Emma Spreckols building, r. SOS.
LATEST method of teaching Spanish. 1 trial
lesson free; can call al residence: references.
Address H. L. GI'EYDAN. 526 Shrader St.
LUDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st.
FISK Agency. 525 Market st. —Teachers fur-
nished; public; private; governesses; tutors.
MISS OAMRLE'S dancing school. 317 Devlsn-
dero; adults, Fri.. 8 p.m.; children, Thu.. 8:8\
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '9fi; 103 in '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, ':' etc.: les-
;. sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st., room 12. :
GUITAR, mandolin, niano : nnd : vocal lessons,
--..•|8 per month.: MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE - culture, piano j Paris graduate; French.
..'Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. ■ wo Taylor nt
v '4V-'' .■•"'..•■■'• LOST. :.. t .- -'■* : " ■
LOST— Between I terminus Eddy : street I cars | to
Alcazar Theater, or in Alcazar Theater, gold
sword breastpin.- set , with pearls and -chain
attached ; :. keepsake. Very liberal ■ reward ;- If
returned to 15 .First i st. - . . • . :. -
LOST— A fur boa. between Taylor and Eighth
- , sts. : ; reward. r-, 105 Eighth st. ; ; ■. ■'-':,. -,">i^V-'i
LOST— Several weeks ago, light colored silver
headed cane; initials .T. V. C, 1889. Return
to 2112 Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST— Blue Scotch terrier; name McKlnley
ta« No. 1031; reward. 31S Fifth st.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of EDWARD R. BARRY. No. 138 402
The finder will please return to Bank.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
PERSONALS.
WANTED —To know the whereabouts of
CHARLES OBER; 13 years old; large for age.
Address F. H. OBER. 2207 Mission St.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no 15 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis st, San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE beauty of hair can only be retained by
careful dressing. I charge but 25c. Good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $o. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDEKER, 111 Stockton st.
JOS. GREVEN has actually proven his ability
to cure every voice ruined by bad habits or
poor singing methods and develop it to the
greatest strength and beauty in a short time.
Murphy building. Market and Jones sts.
QUINONIA, a perfect hair tonic; harmless,
beneficial, cleansing. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st.
CAL. Institute, 402>.4 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. PO6 Market, room 2, r >, second floor.
LADIES' feet put in perfect order at home by
a skillful chiropodist; references. Address
618 Harrison st.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft., nr. Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made 'n
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WAJLTiJH
N. BRUNT. 835 Clay St.. S. P.
6UIT to order on easy installments. U.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
tl4— Suit to order: samples: try one. NKU-
HAITS A CO.. tailors. 115 Keirny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sannnme Rt.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
i~ up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranca
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sha
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sha
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost.
Ftolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 12W Markft st., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born nouble veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease-; full life reading: ladies 50c.
gentssl; palm, and clalrv. ; sit. $1 .O. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c - Rents.
C. r ,c. 327 Fifth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment 401 Leavenworth.
IDA INOLEWOOD. card-reader, magnetla
healer. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
MME. LTNEMAR tells fortunes hy planets;
prd'td "74" steamer on island. 23^ Sixth, r. 6.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st.. room 10.
MME. IDA SCHMIDT, mngnetist. card reader
and fortune teller. 224 O'Farrell, r. 4 and 5.
MISS L*. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market St., room 41. top floor.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, oartj reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120' i Geary st.
MRS. RAY from Chicago, magnetic healer and
card reader. 10ir> Market St., room 17. 2d floor.
RAY FAIR, card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, erent clairvoyant and
water reader. 921U Mission: German spoken.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, .-ard-writer: past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth, room :..
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer; mind read-
er. 223 Post st.. room 11. second floor.
OLLIE LAKE, returned from Chicago: card
reader. 9M Market st.. or 9 Ellis, room 22.
MME. RAVEXA rea.ls life fluently;' business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU test medium, clairvoyant,
card-reader: 2".c up. 72 Fourth st.. upstairs.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St.. room
S: mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, tmtt und bunfiwrf* rn<"l!um-
sittings daily. 1234 Sixth st.. room n.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Opan until !>:3O
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions pnd want ads taken.
SPIK.TUALISM.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: circle Tups.
Fri. eves., 10c; readings dally, 15c. 50c. 108 6th.
MIPS SHRINER.' clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St.. room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate- writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Haight st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
ni»(«sBs;e» and ndvlcf*. ?1« Pt""V»nn «t.
HYPNOTISM-
COMPETENT lady physician treats nervous
diseases, functional disorders, habits and
rheumatism by magnetism and suggestive
therapeutics: no medicines: hours 10 to 10;
Sunday by appointment. 911 Van Ness aye.
HORSES.
GENTLE horse for sale cheap, or anything in
exchange." E. 8.. box 23, Fruitvale.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Koran's Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
. or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses; muse
sell. T. P. NEWELL. Ml Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale : also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand - Arcade Horse "Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLTVAN .<.- POTT E, Auctioneer*.
WAuorrs axd carriages.
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap; owner has
; no use for it. 22 Golden Gate m
LADY'S village cart and brougham; nearly
. new: cheap. 500 Golden Gate aye.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
j coupes and wagonettes taken In exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
cast-oft
. *l Third.
6ECOND-HANL> grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies' and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. SSS Harrison st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Rrnnch office of The Call.
Suliticriptinns and want nils taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. Gk H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIMO'fI Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 3.">3-:.7 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STHATTON. I FHphth st. ; tel. Jessie Mi
J. WATTS, reliable carpei -cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 420 Sutter:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpot-cleanlng
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c a yan.l; tel. Mission 74.
conklin's Carpet-beatlns Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of Partnership— We certify
that we constitute a r q rtnership, transacting
business of transfer. f urniture moving, stor-
age and drayage in this State. Its principal
place of business Is 12 Grant avenue. San
Francisco. California. Its name Is SAN
FRANCISCO TRANSFER COMPANY. The
full names and respective places of resi-
dence of all its members are signed hereto.
Dated at San Francisco, February second
(2d), 189 S.
J. J. GAFFNEY. [Seal]
BIBV4 Sansome street.
LEMUEL H. LUCAS. [Seal]
Sll Lombard street.
GEORGE R. P. GRUNWALD. [Seal]
10 Miles court.
A. W. JOHNSON. [Seal]
114 Webster street.
Filed February 5. MM.
C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By WILLIAM A. DKANE. Deputy Cle
STORAGE.
AT low ratee— Furuiturer^cair^eut planomf
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1021
Mission st.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos: ad-
vance* made; fireproof building. V. W.
ZEKFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 182t
4 MARKET ST. Branch office of The C*»l.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$175— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store in ar.
'ingly busy locality; old-established
business; large stock; 4 nice living rooms and
bath; rent only $16; has line trade. M. LESS.
765 Market st.
KtiTAURANT on the besiTstreet in the
Western Addition; cheap rent; well fitted up;
has good cmtom. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$450— BUTCHER shop; corner, north of Market
St.; receipts $30 to $35 per day; fine place; all
cash store trade. M. LESS, 7G5 Market st.
> ANDY store and factory; an excellent
place, on Market St.; doing a fine paying
trade; well fitted up. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$250— PARTNER wanted in well-paying restau-
rant; principal streets; central; owner tired
of. unreliable help; sobtr man; no other.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$450— BAKERY, principal street; baking I bar-
rels daily; mostly store trade; horse and
wagon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
$460— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; principal
street; Al business; 4 furnished rooms and
piano; rent only $15; this place is given
away; call, see and be convinced. M. LESS
765 Market.
$350 — Restaurant and chophouse: established
many years; 1 block from Market and Fourth
ms ; average daily receipts $40; great bar-
pain; Investigate at once. WILKE, 753 Mar-
ket st.
A $20<X) old-established drugstore, with doctor's
office, large store and prescription trade;
manufacturer of 9 specialties for general
drug trade: do better chance to step into a
first-class paying business. Particulars
WILKE. 753 Market st.
S. ■ 1 UKXER -■•-ry and bar. estabUahed
many years and doing first-class store and
bar business; 4 living-rooms; horse and wag-
on; low rent; full value in sight; sickness
cause; a sacrifice. WILKE, 783 Market st
$600— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar in Mission; living-rooms; rent $25; a gen-
uine good business; bargain; come and make
offer. Call WILKE. 753 Market st.
ESTAURANT and chop house; best lo-
cation, opposite the ferries; a first-class pay-
Ing business; meals 20c and above; low rent;
a rare chance and great sacrifice; owner has
to leave for Europe at once. WILKE 753
Market st.
A CORNER saloon established many years in
the very choicest location; average daily re-
ceipts about $46; other business engagements
c n;j.-el owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
and make an offer. WILKE, 753 Mar-
ket st.
OFFEE and chop house; daily receipts
CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
.stabllshed saloon at a sacrifice if sold
'.ir.mediately; rare chance. CURRAN & CO.,
.••amy st.
,'ARTNER wanted; light indoor business:
iv;ll pay over $60 per month. CURRAN &
3'i Kearny st.
Jso— SALOON; this is a fine corner, with side
entrance.en leading street; good-paying busi-
ness satisfactory reason for selling, cheap
CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
Saloon, club rooms and cigars; fine fix-
tures; a gold mine. KREDO & CO., 22^
Geary st.
$550— Corner grocery and bar; value in stock;
daily receipts $25. KRBDQ & CO., 22Si Geary.
$600— Fine saloon; 4n minutes fr^m city; good
town; bonanza. KREDO & CO., 22Vs Geary.
SALOONS— S2SO city, $400 country, $60t) coun-
try. $600 city. $900 city, $10t'K» Oakland; fine
cigar-stand, city. $225. To sell your business
quick, call on KREDO & CO., 22V. Geary st.
ND & CO., 23 Kearny St.. buy, sell or
mge business quick; partner procured.
■ '(iRXER grocery and bar; best in city;
rent $20. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
DELICACY store; large trade $1.10")
Saloon, fine corner, down-town 2.u«J
Restaurant, wurth $600; only 17;>
cry and bar: turner IS
Millinery store in gwd country town 7'.>o ;
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
~:R grocery, bar; very good location.. s4so
A good branch bakery and delicacy store. 300
A very nice cigar store; good location 300
Three good saloons and 3 restaurants for
pale at ANDERSON ft CO.'S. 777 Market st.
Flip. SALE— Horseshoeing shop; fine location;
cheap rent; tools ami stock No. 1; good
chance if sold this wpek. 70] Greenwich st.
PARTNER wanted, Hsht business. $15 to
week; no experience required; business
to be • :.!arped. S Geary St., room 2.
BAKERY and confectionery: must be sold on
mnt of sickness. Box 1251, Call office.
BERLIN restaurant fur sale cheap. 249 Fourth.
GROCERY for sale— First-class stock of *ro-
c-ries, fixtures, fete., on premises southwest
O rner of Bush and Lagjjna Kts., will be
• \ -Jnesday. February 23, at eleven
(ID o'clock a. m. : Inventory may be seen at
; KTJX & DEALS, room .24.
tKpa fioor. Mills building.
A CHANCE for a bright Rent ar lady to buy
Interest in the 'Wed. ling Iiell" publication;
|8W and references required. Inquire person-
at K. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis St.. oily.
$100 — Bakery, notion and circulating library and
furniture for housekeeping; present parties
"have run it five years; rent $10. Cor. Castro
and Henry sts.
$250— PARTNER wanted In office and commis-
sion business; will clear $75 per month to
each. See STRAND. 2-3 Kearny st.
NEWSPAPER routes and general news
. D<*t|)sJs only. Ad-
dress Agent, box 1249. Cull office.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, notions, sta-
ry. Ilhrar'- cigars; cheap for cash. Ad-
1224. Call.
FOR sale— Good store for man and wife; home
bakery: all store trade. Apply Call office;
no agents.
FURNITURE and fixtures of dressmaking
store; three living rooms; rent low. SO4 Lar-
kin st.
OLD established bakery. 1101 Howard St., near
Seventh; 4 rooms and bake oven; rent chear'
DRUG store, easy terms; good, fresh stock;
central location. C. 8.. 1214 Foil st.
BHOESHOP for sale; well established; cheap
rent. 2^09 Hyde St., near Unlon^
FOR SALE— Branch bakery and candy store.
632 O'Farrell st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 13fi Second st.
WILL gel] part Interest in 4 good gold mm
Intr claims, with view of Incorporating; are
In operation. Address A. B. C. Fresno, Cal.
FOB SALE— Wood and coal yard; well equip-
ped; doing good business; will sell cheap. In-
quire at premises, 715 Laguna st.
LIQUOR store; good location; stock Invoices
mor-; thar. price asked. Address box 11SS,
< - ail.
ERY and bar for sale cheap; fine loca-
tion. Inquire 340 Kearny st.
$450— CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kearny sts.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: best location; receipts
from $15 to ?45.per day; nearly all day work;
t'.<i much other business; will sell for less
than half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth
and Howard sts.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established IK2 ZW- Pine gt.. city.
RESTAURANT ahd oyster-house; fine loca-
tion; will be sold cheap. ."14 O'Farrell st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, \j Grant ay.
$6000 _ well - ESTABLISHED, good-paying
down-town stationery and notion store; long
•lease at low rent; must be sold. Ap-
Ily or address CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS &
WELCH, 323 Sansorae st., S. F.
HOTEL and liquor business In a suburb at a
local road terminus; good bar trade, which
' may be easily doubled by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business: price $9000;
one-half may remain at S per cent. For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAHRHOFFER.
34 Third St.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau,
room* 5 nr..! 6, 850 Market st.. San Francisco.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant: parties can inves-
tigate; going to Klondike. 2424 Mission st.
i ORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms ad-
Joining; for sale. 117 Fillmore st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; good location.
821% Howard St..
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
restaurant; dally receipts $40. Box 1010. Call.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding ISO per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane. 110 fit. Paul St., Baltimore, Md.
KHMITH .shop for sale or rent: estab-
• IS years. Address H. MATTHIESEN,
I.ivermore. Cal.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
efflre or at 1?.?. Third st., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento »t
PARTY to take charge of business in owner's
aW^nfc. 606 Montgomery, room 18.
J27 MONTGOMERY st.. branch office of the
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
ATTOIINEYS AT UV.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; .private;
 no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc. ; e§tablished 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
PRIVATE matters, Insolvency, collections; free
advice; open evenings. McCABE, 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
$390 (INSTALLMENTS) will land you^TDaw-
son, including food and clothes for one year;
"cheaper than staying at home"; chance to
locate claims at Koynkuk, Tanana, Mlnook.
Birch Creek, Circle City, or Klondike; limited.
Alaska Transportation Co., 224 Montgomery
St., San Francisco. .
KLONDIKE ■ ~ ■ — : — —-
Wanted— ls .more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. " For particulars call at com-
• pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco. ."
CYCLONE . Klondike gold searcher; only ma-
... chine for thawing the ground; no smoke;
wt. 40 lbs.; on exhibition at 1460 Market st.
KLONDIKERS— SpeciaI rates for a limited
number going ,by Victoria. , Call or write
50*4 Third st. . , , "
VESSELS for sale; steam or sail, river or
'' ■ an. H. <",. SHAW, 4 Sutter st. .
"KLONDIKE"— 2 -placer miners wish ' fare
and provisions; give good farming land a*
security or sell same. ■ Box 1074, , Call. -
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
- In- Alaska. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and 'delivered to boats., SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
LODGING HOL-i^S FOR SALE.
A. KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers. 22*4
Geary st.
7 rooms, clears $25 above rent $ 250
& rooms, best for the money $250
14 rooms, all rented clears $40 $ 5<X»
13 rooms, corner Market, rents $45 $ 375
17 100 ms, partly offices, clears $70. $650
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000
30 rooms, 36 rooms and 65 rooms at reduced
prices. Money to loan.
$760— Don't miss this; easily worth $1500; 21
rooms; clears $S5 a month. KREDO & CO.
A $500—14 rooms; near City Hall; easily worth
|8»: a snap. KREDO & CO.. it% Geary St.
$800^-20 rooms; well worth $160 of clearß~sSs ; $400
cash; don't miss it. KREDO St CO.
$1500 — 20 rooms; best sunny corner; rent re-
duced: clears $175. KREDO & CO., 22't
Geary st.
32 ROOMS, on Geary (new) $2500
15 rooms, on O'Farrell; $250 cash; price.. 600
4 rooms and bath (flat) 230
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms; clears $250; new furniture 2500
10-room flat; fine corner; clears $50 350
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
15 ROOMS, on O' Fan-ell; $250 cash; price... $600
4 rooms and bath (flat) 230
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 KOQ
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms; clears $2iO; new furniture 2500
10-room flat; fine corner; clears $50 350
H. C. DECKER, 102') Market st.. opp. Fifth.
A — 32 ROOMS; sunny corner; make offer: must
sell. Apply H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
BARGAIN LIST.
15 rooms, corner. $300 cash $">0
lo rooms, $200 cash, balance payments 250
23 rooms, $.")00 cash; central; see It SOO
j 28 rooms, $200 cash, balance payments 400
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market St.
i $500— LODGING-HOUSE, few doors from Mar-
ket St.; central; 24 furnished rooms; rent
j only $65; rooms always full. M. LESS, 760
Market St.
j A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE! !!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE,
' 76," Mission St., between Third and Fourth.
San Francisco, with 94 rooms: al! new beds;
on one floor; running full; has cheap rent
and long lease, with privilege of renewing
the same; on an investment of 12006 for the
year 1597 seventy (70) per cent per annum has
been realized over all expenses, which can be
proved, with even better prospects this year;
is for sale on account of failing health and
old age of proprietor. Address as above or
inquire on premises.
FOR SALE— A newly furnished flat; centrally
located. Apply box 1237. Call office.
flso— House of 10 rooms; steady roomers; rent
J2.f.. oil Folsom st.
LODGING-HOT\SE. 22 nicely furnished rooms,
in a suburban town, 40 minutes from city;
great bargain. Box 12, Call office. Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, neatly fur-
nished. 432 Ellis st.
musical, i writi .vi-j vrs.
WHAT'S that? You are going to buy a piano?
Well, now, whf.t do you want? A piano made
in IS9S. with every dollar expended on the in-
! strument. modern in every respect, with all
the late attachments, or the same old piano
made from IM9 scales? I have a piano to
sell that I will guarantee from top to bot-
tom and will t ack It with every dollar I
have. As I own my own building and store
and as the manufacturers also back this in-
strument with $2,000.000, this. I think, Is a
good guarantee. The piano Is "The Klngs-
I'ury." The price is $225. The address Is d 26
Hayes st. The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
• do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $«, $7, $8, $9,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacrl-
flca. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
; 26. 2S and 30 O'FarreU st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
frrades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offerpd
this week at very low prices, including
Stelnways. Chi<-ker!ng. Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.. 933 Market st.
A GOOD piano. $85: one for $125; Chlckerln*.
Weber, Mathushek and others: pianos for
rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market: highest award at World's Fatr;
call and see {or yourselves. 933 Market st.
BOHMER &■ CO., Byron Mauzy. Newhy. Evans,
Brlgps and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30fi, 310, 312 Post »t.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
AT MAT' VATS'. 7fi!> Market St.. y<>u will find
pianos from $."0 to $2iJO In second-hand; new
£ianos for cash or on payments.
mr>— Fine Uptight! great l>ar«aln. l<> McAllis-
ter St.. next Illl.ernla Bonk. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; «<»cond-hanl
I lanos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
BARGAlN— Upright piano. $65. 208 Post st.
KN.vRE plano6: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER A CHASE, 80 OTarreU st.
PTTFRTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 EH In.
! 539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
gi;risrrlptlon» and ads taken.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowns
$3 50: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns. IB SO; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
prices are always the lowest In town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor, 18 Third st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 2.'.c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market st., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates. $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver, Xc up:
plates mended, $1 up; special inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission Bt., cor. Sixth.
DrTIUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 50c; gae given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market and Taylor.
L. A. TEAOUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk, st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to nny address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
TYPEWRITERS.
YOST, rood order, $25: send for sample work.
SCOTT St BAXNAN, 333 Montgomery St.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
: ' HOUSES TO LET. :
ALL OVER TOWN——— — i ■ * ' '
-You see houses to rent by BALDWIN 4
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. .
CHURCH, 1317—5 sunny rooms and bath;
- rent *12. ..- ■ -.-. - ■;■,-.. .-;*■-; ■■■.-.- .....-.; /. " . ■ \■■
COTTAGE, 8 rooms; 1377 Harrison St.; rent $10;
also 4 rooms, 812 Jessie St., near Ninth; rent
■ $8 60; key at grocery.. ...
DEVISADERO, 727— House, 7 . rooms; rent $20;
stable If desired. ' '-:-"* . - :. :
HOUSE. 6 rooms, bath: stable; 4I0« Eighteenth
St.; rent $16. Apply 4227 Eighteenth st.
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable tor flor-
ist. 2725 Howard st. .
JULIAN aye., 117, near Sixteenth and Mis-
sion— 7-room house; latest improvements. $15.
TENTH, 321— Four large rooms : , rent $5.
TO let— you want to rent a house. ' flat or
cottage In any part ;of the Mission call on
us, as we have 450 on our list; rents from $10
to $30. L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Va-
lencia St., near Sixteenth. . .
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, between York and
Hampshire— 6 rooms; bath; large yard; $16.
FURNISHEID HOUSES*
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call orflce.
PART of a furnished house to rent. Inquire at
1715 Clay St.. near Polk. . ___^_^___
COTTAGES .TO LET.
COTTAGE. 1313 Baker st., 5 rooms; stable, 8
stalls. -Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLATS '1 0 LET. •fv^i;"--
AN offer for 5 days; one-half month free; flats
. and cottages; $10 and up. SPECK, & CO.,
602 Market st. ■ '
ALL OVER TOWN — -—
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN *
. HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BYINGTON. IS— 5 rooms, bath, stable. Apply
1621 O'Farrell st. •■ - •... .•'.-. ; '. ■ , .
CHURCH, 1317, near Twenty-fifth— Five sunny
rooms and bath; rent $12. '■
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
Ing and private house. 951 Folsom. near Sixth.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 933— A new upper sunny
modern flat, six rooms and bath; $28. . "
GROVE, 1515— 522; modern house 6 rooms and
bath. . . ■' .- .
GUERRERO, 1411, near Twenty-sixth— £ rooms
and bath; $15. -
JESSIE, 1454, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
Upper flat, 3 rooms and hall; no children.
MODERN sunny upper 5-room flat; warm" belt.
SSI Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest- UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
MOSS. 30— Sunny upper flat; 5 rooms, bath;
newly papered; rent reduced; key cor. How-
ard, near Seventh. *
NICE flat to be rented cheap; 40*4 Belcher st.,
near Market. Call at 1009 Howard st.
O'FARRELL, 923— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
j WALLER, 3121;— Upper flat of 4 rooms; bath
I and cellar. . . >. .- ' -
WEBSTER. 512— of 5 sunny rooms; yard
and basement; no children. , —
LOWER flat. 4 rooms. 27 < Pearl St., off
■ Market, near Valencia.
$10— Flat, 1123 Vallejo st., near Leavenworth; 4
rooms; large separate yard; cheap. '
$16— NICE sunny comfortable flat, 5 rooms and
bath. 2134 O'Farrell St.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
DEVISADERO, 1208 — Parlor floor furnished;
all conveniences. .
I DEVISADERO. 1611—2 furnished or unfurnish-
ed rooms;. bath; large yard; stationary tubs.
| ELEVENTH, ■ 120—2 nicely furnished front
rooms; bay window; upper flat; $12.
i ELLIS, 1029— 4 nicely furnished rooms; parlor;
, piano; 2 sleeping; bath; kitchen. .
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
keep l , n't rooms; stove; closet;' bath; pri-
vate. $10. ■ . '
FOLSOM, 900*4— Large front sunny , room.
FOLSOM, 1581— Furnished rooms, $4 per month
and up. ; ■ : "■;.■.•.:■■; •"'-•
GEARY, 325— Front alcove: well furnished;
running water; light housekeeping; others.
GEARY, 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms: bath: 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
'■ all necessaries. <"; - •< ' ■ ■■•-,■
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
.gas cook stove; free use of telephone. ■
: HARRIET, 15, off Howard, near Sixth— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, $9.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor; fur-
: nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent $14. ■ ■ '•■ --....'
HOWARD, 511—2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.-
i HOWARD, 805" nr. Fourth— Large . sunny
housekeeping rooms; front and back suites;
i $10 up.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping rooms; single, $7;
suites, $9; also other rooms. . _■ ' s
HOWARD. 1059H— Two complete housekeeping
j rooms, $8 per month. - .
i JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished front
i sunny large housekeeping rooms; $8 to , $10;
single, $4. •
MISSION. 1129— Furnished sunny housekeeping
room, $7 mo.; running water; German family.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
NATOMA, 81. corner ' Second— Housekeeping
rooms; also single and double; $1 a week up.
NINTH, - 130%, near Market— Rent reduced;
clean and pleasant room, bay-window and
grate," light housekeeping If desired, $8 50;
also small room, . pleasant, $4 75.
PERRY. 263— Four unfurnished, all large, all
light sunny rooms, $12 per month. .
POLK, 605— Large, sunny bay-window ■ room
with kitchen, water and gas; $12. '■'■
POLK, 609 — 2 sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeping,' $12 a month; gas; private family.
POST. 1033, near Polk— nice sunny unfur-
. nished rooms.
PROSPECT place. 123, between California and
■ Sacramento— 2 ' large front sunny furnished
rooms, $8 month; housekeeping If . desired;
German family. • •
RUBS, 116, near Sixth— parlor ' and
kitchen;, furnished or unfurnished; house-
. keeping. •
STANLEY Place, 19— $10. 6 nice sunny rooms,
; including bath. \\ . ' ■
STEINER, Lower floor three rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping. '■■-..
SUTTER, 913— Unfurnished large front . room
with alcove and : dressing room; running
water; bath; gas; grate; 2. closets; private. '■
TENTH, 111, near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms; stove: closet; housekeeping.
TURK.' 126 — Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; sink; no children..- 1
VALENCIA, 1171—2 or 3 sunny : furnished
.". rooms; housekeeping or .- otherwise. :.' '. . >
VALENCIA, corner Twenty-fourth— Bay-win-
. dow room; ; housekeeping; , running water;
' bath; range. .. ■ : ■ . y . . : <; '
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite 3 or
more rooms: pas rung"; piano. ■■■■■■'.■ ■
ROOMS TO LET. ; \ c
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
. . gunny rooms, en suite and single ; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. •'■''::'::.
AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. : Powell-
Elegant sunny rooms, ren suite or single; a
"quiet home for families and those who appre-
ciate comfort; elevator, baths; moderate
■ ■ charges. -- ...
BOHEMIA, 239— Newly furnished sunny, roomis
. 3 blocks from Palace: transient;, reasonable.
BRYANT, 468 — Furnished or unfurnished
rooms, with bath; cheap.
BUSH, Elegantly ■ furnished r sunny ' front
; parlor, $10; private fami1y. ....... • • :;
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Family rooms and sin-
:. gle: week, $1 25 to $2 50; day, 25c to 50c: respt.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished : single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, . 118 — Clean sunny rooms; '. $5 up; room*
; ,for housekeeping; no transient. . . . ■
ELLIS, 639, .■ corner Larkin— Front j bay-window
alcove; mantel; 2 or 3 gentlemen preferred.
ELLIS, I Nicely furnished - pleasant - single
rooms: 16 per month; bath and gas. -
FOURTH/. 27>4— Nice clean : sunny front rooms
1 50 a week up; new management.
FOURTH, 411— Sunny front room,' $7 per month;
small housekeeping room, $5. ... ... \
FULTON, Nicely furnished front room;.
■ : bath, gas and grate ; ; private" family. ;= ', -
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents:
$6 and $7. i_ : -..- ■■.•- ..'.-,;. '..■-... ; -/;- . .. . \,
GEARY, 518— Elegant : sunny furnished rooms,
$S up: also suites; gas. bath: housekeeping. >
GOLDEN GATE, > 156— Large .. pleasant 5 room
' ' for two. ;.,:':: '..":■■'.'.-.'".-',•:-. .{:•:: j---: '. ';"' .':'" ; - ."-'■'.■'■ ■■■.-.-.V
GRAN)) SOUTHERN. < BE. -. cor.' \ Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny . rooms, ' en ■ suite I and
elngl« ; elevator; / moderate ' rates ; families. >
HANC<S|CK ' HOUSE. 781 ■ Mlss'on; select family i
, room Jig bouse; ■$1 60 to $6 >er week. ; . J
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HARRISON. 664— Nicely furnished sunny front
room: $7 per month; suitable for 3.
HOWARD, 71G~ ST. DAVID'S— 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 728%— A flat of 6 rooms; in good
order. Key upstairs.
HOWARD, 989— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
JONES, 806— Sunny front room; also back par-
lor, grate, buth; telephone; piano.
LEXINGTON. 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
•suites: also single: for gentlemen.
MARKET. 1926-(The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished; slr.gle rras., suites; Jubilee vis.
MCALLISTER. 611— U a mo., nice sunny single
room; parlors $10 up; light housekeeping.
McALLISTEK. •".I.".— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER. lOSO— Front furnished"" sunny
room; running water; gas; $6 per month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— ..ewly furnished
bay window room, $1 a week.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest^JUNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 Pacific— Rooms, "fur-
nished or unfurnlHhedj^day, week or month.
OCTAVIA. 263— Sunny furnished room, with use
of bathroom; rent $6.
R. R. HOUSE. 533 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds, 10c, 15c, J*cjJ*>n*ee ar.d rolls free.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth «t.
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 23}*/— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms: also single; reasonable.
STOCKTON. 17— European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water: transient; elevator.
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.: choice for offices; reasonable.
SUTTER, 3"9— Changed hands; new furniture;
suites or single; transient; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR, 108— Front sunny single rooms; $6 up;
also nice suites: bath and gas.
TENTH, 109— Large nicely furnished sunny
room. $1": bath, gas; prlv. family; gents only.
TURK, 543— Nice sunny room; running water,
grate, gas and bath: $2 25 per week.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3853. corner Vlcksburjr— 4
Funny rooms; gas; bath; Twenty-second-
street car passes door; rent $in.
BOARDING AND ROOM 9
EDDY~~22n— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board. $3 50.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
POWELL. 502- Large sunny corner room,
piano; single rooms, $20 up with board.
SUNNY front room, with first-class board, $4
and $4 50 per week. 02S Ellis st.
THIRD. B3o— RoonM and board: choice suite
two front rooms; suitable for two gentle-
men or man and wife. In hotel opposite
South Park; excellent board; terms $43 per
month with bord. Apply Central Hotel.
THE MONTROSE. SE. comer Van Ness aye.
and Geary ?t. . will reopen March 15; thor-
oughly renovated and newly furnished. For
terms apply at fOS Van Ness aye.
TURK 812— Nice rooms and board In private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door; terms $20 up.
VAN NEBS, 218— Sunny single room and ele-
gant board in private family; ?20 per month.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; good care:
terms low. 1908 Putter st.
LOVING care, sunny home, enough to eat, for
little ones; reasonable. . 1580 Eddy st.
STORES TO LET.
BRYANT, (04— Large store; has been occupied
by dressmaker for 6 years; rent $10.
CORNER grocery store: 3 rooms attached;
large brick basement. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.
MISSION. 8943— Store and three living rooms,
$10 per month Apply upstairs.
SEVENTH. 4 i |!" site New Postofflce site-
Store, yard ana stable; also flat of 4 sunny
rooms; rent moderate.
STORE, with flxtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap n-nt.
TWEXTT-SECOMi r;32S— Store, three rooms
and hall; large yard: rent $15^
$26^FURNISHED tnrc- fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helen*.; long lease. Address
lock bo* 13, St. Hr'Tiar. C*h
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any addr>'*s tn the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MlSsfoN7^s79. opn. Weiis-Fargo's~~i£press—
Second and third flonr<=; power available for
straw works, paper box, shirt factory.
TEAS.
TEAS,
20, 25, 30, 35, 40. 60 per pound.
k COFFEKS.
10, 15, 20, 25, 3S, 40 per pound.
SPICES.
10, IS, 20, 25, 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES KN'ABLES U8 TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WB GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLFB
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Deal* st.
$25— CAUSE, departure; equal to New Domes-
tic; sewing machine, 7 drawers, latest style,
attachments complete. 2011 Powell st.
AN 18-karat gold Howanl watch, worth $100,
for $67 at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FRESH milch cow. Inquire at 720 Fourteenth
St.. between Church and Sanchea.
FRESH milch cows for sale cheap. Apply Rock
Ranch, near Sunnyside.
THOROUGHBRED eggs for hatching; Black
Minorca and Barred Plymouth Rock*. $1 per
setting. 2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
FOR SALE— Surgeon's chair (Harvard) and
fralvarm-faradlc battery: jf>"d as new. Room
7, Flood building. 809 Market st.
A GOOD cow for sale at Twentieth and Stan-
ton sts.
FIRST-CLASS cornet for sale. Call any even-
Ing before S o'clock at 207 O'Farrell st.
SIX full-blooded St. Bernard dogs for sale-
suitable for Alaska. 637 Chestnut st.
YOUNG double yellow-head Mexican parrot;
good talker. 2602 Sacramento st.
SMALL organ, cheap, $5; also some furniture.
4418 Nineteenth st.
CARPENTER shop at 1464 Fulton st.; must be
sold before Ist of March.
YOUNG thoroughbred Jersey cow and calf-
must be sold at once. Davis Coal Yard, 2811
Mission st.
20,000 FEET of boards; price $7 per 1000. ' Call
at 368 Dolores st.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICeT
Choice Bourbon whisky, 86 proof, $16 30- Me-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof, 5 years old.' $22;
Al Jamaica rum, $16 SO; extra quality port
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2
yearn old, W 50; 4 year, $7 50; real 6 year
$8 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof 3 year
$22: 5 year. $24 60: Zinfandel claret. $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 25; no charge for cooper-
age or dray-age; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co.. 628 Market St.. S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and flxtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc.; mall orders
promptly attended t0._646 Mission st.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe "ac, 633 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per do*.;
Projectoscope, 1100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-pressT
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near seventh.
FOR snl* oh»ap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
i at 42 Main Bt.
CITY -lEAL ESTATE.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; cnly cor-
ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny; terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFORD. cor. Shrader ancl Beulah
sts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
& LOTS near Seventeenth and Market; $350 to
$600; payments. 2 lots near "Ocean View, 2ox
125: $250 each: payments. IV C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications:
no charge; best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. KEDNALL, Builder, 1326 Hayes st.
XEW house, 7 rs., bath: easy terms; Mission;
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Ca^.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
COUNTRY »CEAL ESTATE.
$6IiO— RANCH 160 acres, partly Improved, in
Mariposa County. CURRAN & CO., 30
Koarny st.
BETTER than Klondike— Bo acres, Santa Clara
Valley; bearing orchard; must be sold; will
subdivide. J. T. DUNN, 100S Call building.
$350—120 ACRES, level land. Lake County; 12
acres in cultivation; small house; some fenc-
ing; wood and water. C. F. MOORE, 935
Market st., room 4.
MILL VALLEY— For sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished: very reasonable; lot 50x150. Ad-
dress box SS4. Call Office.
FOR sale — 3859-acre ranch at $50; crops. Imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, 8 years old. In full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters, Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWTNG, Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The We«kly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold to close an estate; lot 123x270,
near station; two frontages; street work done
on one frontage; I want an offer. JOSEPH
J. MASON, real estate. Berkeley Station.
HOUSE' of 8 rooms to let, furnlslied; modern
Improvements: large, pleasant grounds; also
one new surrey and phaeton for sale; also
hand printing press and type. Box 1210. Call.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
120-ACRE ranch, 6-room house, clear Berkeley-
property; country hotel for ranch. $4500;
500 other places. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
10 LARGE lots in Mlnnetonka Center, near
Minneapolis, Minn. ; will exchange for busi-
ness or property: $2000. Call or address N.
KNUPSON. 136 Parker aye., San Francisco.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6Vfc per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate In probate, life Insurance,
goods In warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal ad vn noes on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market Ft. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount: lowest
rates. BECKER & CO., 32$ Montgomery st.
OO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1111; established 1869.
ANY sum: furniture, pianos, estates in pro-
hnU'. HILL A Co.. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, GM California St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortß. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62S Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister St.
BIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 MontgonH"— st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Lndles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
60 yearß' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent: call or write: free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills. $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: saf»
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home *i confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, freei before going else-
where: regulating pillsl and capsules, $1.
MRS DR. WYETH. 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no Instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY, 1126 Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR! GWTER, 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail: no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own phyal-
clan for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day; never falls;
consultation free; can be sent and used at
home. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by
telephone. ( •
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice. $6; consult free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, UliS MarkeL B^
DRS~~ GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe quick cur> guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home: best, care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Sr hack's self-euro. $!">. 40\ Van Ness.
A BOOK to wives anil mothers— S»guro: price
$1 50 RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
3c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
CAPSULETAS— Preventive; sure: harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS-
PON. 1223 Geary st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
VALUABLE medical receipt for sale; marriea
ladles investigate. Box 1187. Call office.
LADIES — Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Inralllble. safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 25414 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
DRS K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private dls ses. 8 Mason St., S. F.
$1 WEEK— Large sunny furnished room, bath;
closet: private. 314 Fifth st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore existing between
F M WESTE and L. T. FENN under the
name and style of WESTE & FENN wa*
dissolved by mutual consent August 3. 1897.
L. T. FENN.
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate— ln the Su-
perior Court In and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.
Notice is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of February, A. D., 1898, at 10
o'clock a. m. of said day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10, of said court, at the
New City Hall, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said. JACOB C. JOHN-
SON deceased, and for hearing the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON for the issuance
to her of letters testamentary.
Dated February 11. A. D. 1898.
CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
(Seal) By E. S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk,
j A. STEPHENS. Attorney for Petitioner.
Room 603. Claus Spreckels building.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kind* bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 FcT&rth at J
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KE.U ESTATE.
. -••"• "•■ '- ■'. :
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS. POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY .
ADAMS ; POINT PROPERTY , -
THE VERY BEST
" ' THE VERY BEST
' THE VERY BEST
' V:. v.- THE VERY BEST
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE • LOTS ■ IN ,' OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
• .The . model subdivision of all residence dis-
tricts;" streets macadamized, sewered,, cement
sidewalks; sidewalk trees consist : of lemons,
olives, palms, acacias, etc. ; only 10 minutes
to City Hall. . : .
Finest views of Lake Merrltt, foothills, etc.,
to be had :In Oakland. ' Prices and terms will
be made: to suit the first purchasers. ■ •■•
Call at office and be driven to the property.
'■:.-, - LAKE SHORE LAND CO. . -
.-■ - :■ . , , A. H. BREED,- Manager, ;
" , ' 1070 Broadway.; Oakland. ;
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. '
One of the neatest and best built homes In
Oakland; -IK stories, 6 rooms, ' and also serv-
ant's room, bathroom, large ; reception hall; 2
chlmueys, Monarch patent grates In parlor and
dining-room; ; 5 large ' closets ■ and fine pantry;
back stairs from kitchen; Iron porcelain-lined
roll-rim bathtub; plumbing nickel plated; ce-
ment steps and walk; front chimney is rough
blocks of sandstone, very pretty; this property
is in good neighborhood and within six min-
utes' walk of station; price $3SOO. complete;
terms can be . arranged. / Call ' for : further par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. ■ A. H.
BREED, Manager, 1070 Broadway, Oakland. . .
CHOICE ■; lot, ■; 50x100, V with neat cottage;
near Telegraph aye. ; must be sold for cash ;
make offer. „•..? Address T., . box , 9, Call office.
Oakland. -■•■.; ;■ •.■•'. .... . '. r - : - "
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS"
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
Sacrifice: lot 34x133; NW. corner on fine
• avenue; good house of 6 rooms ond one of 4
"•;• rooms; 1 block from station; near school; big
Income on Investment. •..:-..■, - .-.:.•; .
. $2800— New modern cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 : cash, : $25 ' per . month; for cash
$2500; snap. ■' . ■: . - .-:. ■ ...
• $2900— Beautiful ; new 8-room house, complete;
lot 60x203; choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— house: lot 60x140;
Alameda's best location; see this and make an
offer. • • .' » :, .
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain; bargain.
I , Houses to let-in all parts of the city.
... , H. P. MOREAL & CO., i
'. ' - --.. : ■ 1432 Park st.» Alameda. - ,
WILL sacrifice' a modern new house; small
payment, balance monthly; going to Klon-
dike; must and will sell. Box 1215, Call office.
$1200— SACRIFICE; lot 40x207. with good 7-room
house half . block ; from station - and high
school; easy terms. ' .
- $2800— modern ' cottage: lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500; snap. ' v ."■ V '
Beautiful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203 > choice location;, very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo-room house: lot 60x140;
Alameiia's best location; see this and make an
offer. ..-■■■ ■ :~T.-> v : ■
I $12.750— Better than a Klondike as an invest-
ment; properties bringing : $130 per- month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain; bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of the city. .
. . H. P. MOREAL & CO..
; - t .; ■ 1432 Park St., Alan\eda.
AT a big bargain — 12-room modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda; a corner
lot 75 feet by 174 feet: house cost when built
';' $7000; «now to be had at less than $6000. For
particulars Inquire of HERMAN CORDES.
1*32 High «t.. Alameda. - - •
FRUITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
A BEAUTY — New, artistic corner, 5 rooms:
complete home; $2.7) cash and $25 per month
buys It. " THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market
St.. S. F. D. PRATT. Frultvale station.
"BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHr
Birth, marriage , and death . notices sent : by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized - to have the same pub-
lished. . -, -__.. .' . -
.' ' /.....  / BORN. '. -. . , ",■'. : ; , .L. L
GIBSON— Auburn, February 10, 1898, to the
wife of J.T. Gibson, a son. '
HAUSELT— In Murphyis, February 10. 1898. to
the wife of Phil Hauselt, a daughter.
-JONES— At Rattlesnake Bridge.- El ' Dorado
County, . February 16, 1898, to the wife of W.
. O. Jones, a son. .>:,. i :.*:„. . , ;•.-..' •■.•■'.•"■
LANG— In Valley Spring. February 12. 1898, to
the wife of J. Lang, a daughter. ■ ■ .
PFORTNER— Mokelumne HUI. February 13.
1898, to the wife of G. W. Pfortner. a daugh-
* ter. -, tv --■ .•-:•■;•:■ • -. ■" ■ -f.V- .. -.- . •: ■
■ REINOEHL— this , city, February 20. - 1895, '
to the wife of C. H. Reinoehl. a son. ---'.-'•
-. ■' ■••- ■', ■. \-t MARRIED. r- ■;.;'• •'• "
FERGUSON— KEIL— In Sonora. February 12.
1898. .by Judge G. W. Nicol, . Benjamin "K.
Ferguson and Adele C. Kell. -: . . • .
KEEB— PRESTON— In this city, February 14.
. 1898, Benjamin Reeb : and Grace Preston.-
SYMONS— LELAND— In Jamestown, February
17, 1898, by Judge G. W. Nicol. William J.
'-Symons'and Cordelia Leland. .-■ . -
; • I : ;■•.■-; DIED..; :-■ ■'- ' ■ '■.' . '
AhJfcerg, Walno B. . Kelly, Nellie .
Arnold. Caleb . Llguorl. Mary A.
Briese. Robert ' Lawrence, David
Burns, Alexander M. - McNear. Capt. C. E.
Burnham, Ozro H. "' McGee, Edward ' ••
Clarke. Kate - -Maltos. Mrs. Abata
Cook, Annie L. Martin, William
: Collins. Annie • . Nutt, . Nathaniel •M. i
. Collins. Thomas M. ■ O'Connor, Rev. C.
Clark, James O'Meara. John E. -
Canavan. 'Emma '■ Owold, Catherine ,
Doyle. Adelaide Peacock. Mrs. F. B.
Dorgan, William : . Palmer. Fred •
Fleishhacker, Aaron ' -, Ryan, Mary r '"
Forman, Naomi ■G. Regan. Mary
Gunn, Felix E. - • '- ■ Stroecker, Charles B.
Geldert, Margaret A. Sanders, Chris C. [--■
Harnmerschmldt, F. ■ Smith, 1 William A. •
Hummel, Fridolin -. Toole, Rosecrans
Hutchison. E. L. ;. White. Harriet W.
AHLBERG— In this city, February 19. 1898.
Walno Benhard, beloved son of Annie Ahl-
berg, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 3 months.
ARNOLD— In this city, February 20, 1898, Ca-
leb, beloved father of H. B. and W. G.
Arnold, a native of Providence, R. 1., aged
68 years 6 months and 15 days. (Providence.
R. 1., papers please copy).
(CyFriencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission street
(Mission Masonic Temple). Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery by electric car from
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue.
BRIESE— In this city, February 18, 1898, Rob-
ert Brlese, a native of Netzthal. Posen, Ger-
many, aged 38 years. A member of Eureka
Lodge No. 6, Order of H. 8.
tTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), *t 2 o'clock, from Alcazar build-
log, 120 O'Faft>ell street, where the funeral
services will be held under the ausnlces of
Court Hubertus No. 15, F. of A. Remains at
the parlors of Theodor Dierk*. 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city, February 20, 1898. Alex-
ander M , son of Margaret Burns, and broth-
er of Mrs. Otis S«avey. a native of Glasgow.
Scotland, aged 28 years.
C7"Klndly omit flowers.
BURNHAM— In Oakland. February 19, 1898,
Ozro H. Burnham, a native of Orleans
County, New York, aged 70 years 9 months
and 12 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral this day (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 1017
Madison street, Oakland. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
CLARKE— In this city, February 20. IS9B,
Kate, beloved wife of James Clarke, and
sister of Thomas, James and Patrick Mad-
den. Mrs. Patrick Geary and Mrs. Abra-
ham Healey, a native of Kinvara, County
Galway, Ireland, aged 29 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 435 Tehama street, thence to St.
Brendan's Chjirch, Fremont and Harrison
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross- Cemetery..
COOK— In this city. February 20, 1898, Annie
Laura, beloved wife of Charles M. Cook, a
native of Avon. Mass., aged 44 years 4
months and 8 days.
[LTFriervis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to"»morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1055V4 Folsoni street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, for services, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
COLLINS-— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the late
Ann'.e Collins. late of 276 Je«si« street, at
St. Mary's Cathedral, to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 9:30 o'clock. Friends are respectfully In-
vited to attend.
COLLINS— In Oakland. February 20, 1898,
Thomas M.. beloved sbn of Katie Collins, a
native of San Francisco, aged 38 years 6
months and 15 days.
CLARK— In Mokelumne Hill, February 14, IS9B,
James Clark, a native of Connecticut, aged
70 years.
CANAVAN— In this city, February 20. IS9S,
Emma, beloved wife of Thomas J. Cana-
van, mother of Frank Canavan, daughter of
Mrs. Catherine Cronen and the late James
Cronen. and sister of Mrs. Annie Hebrank
and Nellie. Lillle, James and William Cro-
nen, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years and 2 months.
[CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
DOYLE— In this city, February 19, 1898, Ade-
laide, beloved daughter of Jamea/T. <md the
late Kate A. Doyle, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), nt 10:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1716 Stockton street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
DORGAN— In this city. February IS. 1898. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Dorgan. fnther of Georare P., Thomas J. ■
Dorgan and Mrs. W. F. Laumeister. and
brother of Mrs. P. O'Connor, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 68 years.
ET'Friend-' nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 315 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
FLEISHHACKER— In this city. February 19.
1898. Aaron, beloved husband of Delia Flelsh-
hacker. and father of Mortimer and Herbert
Fleishhacker. Mrs. L. Sehwabacher, Mrs. S.
D. Rosenbaum. Mrs. S. C. Scheollne and
Mrs. Frank Wolf, a native of Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 78 years and IS days.
(CyFriendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2110 California street. Interment
Home of Pe^ce Cemetery, by special train
from Third and Townsend streets at 11
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
FORMAN— In Oakland. February 19. 18SS.
Naomi Gertrude, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. James H. Forman. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 19 days.
GUNN— In this city, February 19, 189 S. Felix
E., beloved son of the late Felix and Jana
Gunn, and brother of F. A., D. and S. Gunn,
a native of San Francisco, aged 37 years and
4 months.
ID'Frlends and acquaintances are invite*
to attend the funeral this day (Monday). a«
2 o'clock, from his late residence, 30 Minn*
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
N. S. G. W.— To the officers and members ot
Mission Parlor No. 3S. N. S. G. W. : You ara
herety notified to assemble at 30 Minna
street this day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of ou*
late brother. Felix E. Gunn. By order
S. JACOBS, President.
JAMES ELLISON, Recording Secretary.
GELDERT— In this city, February 19. IS9S,
Margaret A., beloved wife of waiter L. H.
Ge.ldTt. mother of Walter L. H. Geldert.
daughter of Mrs. James Petrie, and sister ot
Thomas, James and Charles Petrie and Mrs.
J. R. Lamont, a native of Vallejo, Cal.,
aged 2S years 1 month and 22 days.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1220 Buchanan street, between Turk
and Eddy. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
HAMMERSOIMIDT— Tn this city. February 19.
ISHB. Ferdinand, beloved husband of Mathilda
Hammerschmldt, and 'ather of Henry and
William Hammerschrr.idt, a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 49 years 8 months and
5 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ;04 Howard street, corner First. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUMMEL— In this city. February 20. 1898.
Frldolin A., dearly beloved son of Alovis
and Louisa Hummel, and brother of Louisa
Hummel, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 24 days.
HUTCHISON— In Oakland, February 19, 189*.
Elizabeth L., widow of James Hutchison.
and sister of H. M. Sanborn of Oakland.
A. A.. J. A.. S. P. and A. N. Sanborn of New
Jersey, George O. Sanborn of Chicago. 111..
and Mrs. G. W. Gorden of Lynn, Mass., a
native of Crown Point, N. V., aged Cl
years and 3 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, iOl2 Telegraph avenue. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. February 20. 1898, Nellie,
beloved wife of John Kelly, beloved mother
of Rosle and Mary Kelly, and sister of Mrs.
Mary Hurley, Mrs. Maggie Maeruire and
Mrs. Julia Tierney, a native of the parish
of Kllbaha, County Clare, Ireland, aged 28
years.
LIGUORI— At Agnews station. February 20.
189R, Mary Alice, beloved daughter of John
and Amelia Liguori, a na<ive of Alameda,
aged 2 years 10 months and 6 days.
CTThe funeral will take Dlace to-morrow
(Tuesday) morning from the late residence
at Agnews station on the arrival of the 9:07
train. Interment at Haywards.
LAWRENCE— Near Jamestown. February 17.
1898, David Lawrence, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 28 years.
McNEAR— In this city. February 20. IS9S. Cap-
tain Christopher Ereklne, beloved husband of
Sarah E McNear. and father of Lury C. and
the late Frank E. McNear. a native of Wls-
casset. Me., aged 82 years 7 months and 26
days. (Boston papers please copy).
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 226 Oak street. Interment
Petaluma Cemetery.
McGEE— In West Berkeley! February 20. 1898,
Edward, beloved husband of Annie McGee.
ajid father of Edw. and William McGee,
a native of Boston. Mass., aged 35 years 2
months and 25 days.
MALTOS— In this city, February 20, 189S, Mrs.
Abata, beloved mother of Mrs. Antonia Da-
v\b and Joseph L. Maltos. and grandmother
of Miss Leuise Davis and Mrs. A. Zaravia,
a native of Mazatlan, Mexico, aged 88. years.
MARTIN— In Sonora, February 15, 1898, Wil-
liam Martin, a native of Texas, aged 71
years.
NI'TT— At Bond's ranch, near San Andreas,
February 17, 1898, Nathaniel McLean [Nutt.
a native of Ohio, aged 75 years and 4 months.
O'CONNOR— In this city, February 17, 1898. at
St. Mary's Hospital. Rev. Cornelius O'Con-
nor of Uklah, Cal.. brother of Sister Mary
Teresa of Sacramento and Thomas C, J. C.
and Michael E. O'Connor, a native of Knock-
anure. County Kerry. Ireland, aged 50 years.
C3'Th« funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother, J. C. O'Connor. 1062
Fulton street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
O'Farrell street and Van Ness avenue, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his aoul. commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery-
O'MEARA— In this city. February 19, 189 S.
John Edward, son of Philip an<l the late
Honora O'Meara, and brother or Mrs. C.
Knights, Mrs. P. Morrisey and Richard T.
and the late Lenore G. O'Meara, a native
of New York, aged 25 years.
ItfrThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1721 Lairuna street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
OWOLD— In West Berkeley. February 19. 189S,
Catherine, wife of the late Jamea Owold.
and sister of Frank and Henry Gimbel, a
native of Germany, aged 52 years S months
and 12 days. (Petaluma papers please copy).
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of F. Gimbel, 1447 Seventh street. West
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Cema-
tery-
PEACOCK— In Auburn, February 13. 1898, Mrs.
F. B. Peacock, a native of Wells, Me., aged
65 years 3 months and 13 dnys.
PALMER— In Sonora, February 13, 1898. Fred
Palmer, a native of Texas, aged 72 years.
RYAN— An anniversary requiem high masi
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Mary Ryan, beloved wife of D.
J Rvan at St. Dominic's Church. Stelner
street, this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends of the family are Invited to attend.
REGAN— In the City and County Hospital.
February 20. IS9B. Mary Regan, a native of
Ireland, aged 40 years.
STROECKER— In this city. February 19, IS9B.
Charles 8., beloved son of Wllhelmlna and the
late H. H. W. Stroecker, and brother of Mrs.
F A Smith and Clara, George and Edward
Stroeck»r, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years 8 months and 19 days. (Baltimore
and New York papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitod to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 819 Oak street.
SANDERS— In Lincoln. February 12, IS9S,
Christopher Columbus Sanders, a native of
Kentucky, nged 63 years.
SMITH— Near Chinese Camp. February 12, 1898,
William Anderson Smith, a native of Ill-
inois, aged 66 years.
TOOLE— In this city, February 20, 1898, Rose-
crans, beloved son of Joseph K. and Lily
Toole, a native of Helena, Mont., aged •
years and 6 months.
WHITE— In Rock Creek, February 16. 189 S.
Harriet Wlnnifred White, daughter of John
W. and Carrie White, a natWe of Califor-
nia, aged 2 years 8 months and 17 days.
Y. M. I.— lgnatlan Council No. 35. Y. M. I.:
The annual requiem maws for our deceased
brother members will be celebrated In St.
Mary's Church (Paulists) to-morrow (Tues-
day), beginning at 10 o'clock. All members of
the order and friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend. J. J. O'TOOLE. Pres.
C. L. EBNER. Sec.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Bohool.
_Telephone, South 80.
Manager. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBa'IMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and tfth. I
Telephone. South 247. |
1314
TO HONOR THEIR
PATRON SAINT
Sons of Ireland Will Ccl-
ebrate on March
17.
Resolutions of Sympathy for
for the Victims of the
Maine Disaster.
The Call Finds Warm Friends
Among the Hibernians, Who
Praise Its Public Spirit.
At the hall of the Knights of the
Red Branch, on Mason street, there as
sembled In convention yesterday after
noon ITS delegates, representing thlr
ty-flve different Celtic organizations, to
plan a fitting celebration for their pa
tron saint on March 17.
Beside the regular delegates, there
were also present fourteen ex-orators
and poets who, for their services in
the past, were entitled to a seat in the
convention. President Frank Conklin
presided, and J. J. Moran acted as sec
retary-
The first business of the convention
was of a private nature, and was trans
acted behind closed doors, after which
the regular business was taken up.
Besides the regular plan of an after
noon and evening literary entertain
ment, various ideas were suggested by
different members, and were referred
to the executive committee for con
sideration. P. J. Healy was admitted,
and on behalf of the Miners' Fair of
fered the Pavilion to the convention for
an Irish night, to be held on March
3 or 4. Mr. Healy offered to turn the
fair over to the Celts for one night for
{100 and on condition that they would
take 4000 tickets to sell. . In addition, he
offered to the convention 500 tickets
free, the proceeds of the sale of which
would go to the fund now being raised
in San Francisco for a monument to the
Irish heroes who fell in the rising of
'9S. Mr. Healy's offer was taken under
advisement by the executive commit
tee.
Colonel Thomas F. Barry was then
introduced to the delegates, and made
a rousing speech, urging all to work to
gether and make the coming Irish hol
iday one long to be remembered.
After Colonel Barry had finished a
motion was made to have the pro
ceeds of St. Patrick's day celebration
go to the monument fund. This motion
brought on a rather lively discussion,
as many were in favor of having it go
to the erection of a Celtic hall. A vote
was finally taken, and the supporters
of the monument won by a small ma
jority.
The next piece of business before the
house was an election of a financial
secretary and sergeant-at-arms, to
hold office during the convention. Eu
gene Hannon was chosen for the for
mer place and M. O'Mahoney for the
latter, both elections being unanimous.
As soon- as the applause following
the installation of the new officers had
subsided. President Frank Conklin
called for order, and, announcing that
there was another matter which,
though not in the regular order of bus
iness, could not be passed over,
launched into a neat little speech, in
■which he called attention to the terrible
affliction which had befallen the nation
in the loss of the splendid battle-ship
Maine, and after paying a glowing tri
bute, made a motion that resolutions
be adopted expressing the sympathy of
the Irish societies for the loss of so
many brave lives and the entire readi
ness of every Irish-American citizen to
do all he could to preserve the honor of
the flag in any emergency that may
arise. The idea met with instant favor,
and the following five gentlemen were
appointed a committee to draft a set
of resolutions which will be presented
to the convention for indorsement next
Sunday: J. P. Degnan, Judge M. Coo
ney, J. J. Donovan, John Mulhern and
Colonel Thomas F. Barry.
Following on the appointment of this
committee. Judge Cooney took the floor
and said he understood a movement
was on foot that should have the hear
ty indorsement of every man in the
convention as well as every citizen of
California. He said he referred to the
semi-centennial celebration which it is
proposed to hold here in 1900 to com
memorate California's fiftieth year of
Statehood.
"The Irish societies," said Judge Coo
ney, "should get right in the van of
this movement, he represented on the
executive committee, and do all in their
power to help along so excellent a
movement, which has for its object the
presentation to the world of the re
markable progress and wonderful re
sources of the fairest spot in America.
Judge Cooney had hardly finished
■when an obscure individual by the
name of Conniffe aroße from a dark
corner of the hall and said he had not
read the papers and did not know of
what the Judge was speaking, but that
he objected to the convention indorsing
any such scheme.
Several men were on their feet at
once. E. I. Sheehan, State Secretary
of the Hibernians, finally obtained the
recognition of the chair, and in a
Bcathing speech told who had started
the idea and who had given it their in
dorsement. Said Mr. Sheehan:
"John D. Spreckels and Mr. Leake
of The Call originated the idea and
It has not only been indorsed by our
own Governor and Mayor and the Gov
ernor of every Western State, but by
every progressive citizen and business
man of any prominence in the city.
The only opposition it has encountered
has come from a certain yellow jour
nal that supports nothing that does not
tend to its own agrandlzement. The
Call has worked unceasingly in the
Interest of the people without fear or
favor. It has protected the weak,
curbed the strong, exposed dishonesty
and castigated villainy, and whatever
it proposes we need have no fear of
Indorsing."
When Mr. Sheehan had finished Con
niffe, the obscure one who never reads
the news, after allowing the applause
to die away, again arose, apologized
and withdrew his objection, substi
tuting in its stead a motion calling for
a. resolution condemning arbitration or
any othgr measure tending toward
peace with England. This motion
was turned over to the same commit
tee having charge of the "Maine" reso
lution.
. The convention then adjourned with
the exception of the executive commit
tee, which remained and informally
discussed plans for St. Patrick's day,
adjourning, without doing anything, to
meet again on Wednesday evening at
120 Ninth street, when they will be
prepared to commence work in earn
est.
In England and Wales one person in
every 1236 is blind, in Scotland one in
every 1439, and in Ireland one in 881
Cure your cold with Low's Horehound
Cowra Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
MISS JENNIE HAWLEY, the New Favorite of the Bostonians
When Jessie Bartlett Davis was suddenly taken ill on Thursday night,
immediately after the drop of the curtain on the first act, messengers went
scurrying around for Miss Jennie Hawley, the "understudy" of Davis,
to come to the theater at once and make her debut before a San Francisco
audience. Miss Hawley wds finally located at the Orpheum, and with bare
ly sufficient time t% make a change, she played the part of the much
sought "Dolores" with a dash and spirit which won her the unremitting ap
plause of the house.
Miss Hawley has won the favor of the San Francisco theater-goers, and
in every performance since Thursday night she has been called for as many
encores as the stage manager would allow. With Nielsen and Giusti, Miss
Hawley makes the third singer whose histrionic efforts have received spe
cial attention by the public.
Though a daughter of Utah, Miss Hawley is in sympathies a genuine
Californian. Last year she wintered here, entering into the gayeties of the
social season, but not neglecting her art, for which she studied as
There is but little of the amateur about Miss Hawley, yet this is ncr first
season on the professional stage. George Lask, stage manager of tAe Tivoli,
took a hand in her cultivation for tho> boards and was partially instru
mental in securing her engagement with the Bostonians. But Miss Hawley
did not confine her attentions to merely vocal and histrionic development.
She took to fencing, and her skill with the foils places here in the front
rank of swordswomen. The terpsichorean art was not neglected, and for
fancy dances and the involved intricacies of the ballet it is said Miss Haw
ley has nimble and skillful feet.
Her repertoire is as yet confined to but few roles. She is considered a
very good Alan Dale, the best understudy in this part that Davis has ever
had. Alice Nielsen and Miss Hawley are strong personal friends, and it is
rumored that the latter will be in the support of the former when Tom Wil
liams' company is formed. Personally Miss Hawley is a tall brunette, with
physical charm both of face and form.
WANTED WINE,
BUT GOT POISON
Fatal Mistake of a Drug
Clerk of the Leipnitz
Firm.
Thought Clerks Had Changed
a Label on a Wine
Bottle.
The Name and Whereabouts of the
Victim Kept a Profound
Secret.
An inordinate appetite for wine re
freshment manifested by one of the
employes of the Leipnitz drug firm will
probably be the cause of his premature
death. His name and whereabouts are
withheld by the manager to avoid un
pleasant notoriety.
It appears that last Friday afternoon
Otto Rafus, also an employe in the
firm, was instructed to make some
colchicum seed wine, which is a patent
rheumatism cure of a deadly poisonous
nature. Upon completing the work of
putting up the prescription he left the
medicine in a large glass jar in the
laboratory and went to dinner.
He had no sooner left the building
than his wine-drinking friend went
back into the laboratory from his place
at the counter in the front part of the
store in search of his favorite beverage.
He looked high and low for it, and was
giving up hope of finding any when
suddenly his eyes rested upon a bottle
of the usual size and shape, but labeled
colchicum seed. Thinking it a joke,
he poured out a glass of the deadly
fluid and took two mouthfuls, when he
was suddenly seized with a fit of vomit
ing.
Rafus on his return from dinner
found him in this condition and asked
him the cause of it. He explained that
he had eaten a cheap lunch, which did
not agree with him, but would not ad
mit that he had taken any of the drug
by mistake, thinking that the others
would have the best of the joke if he
did so. He did not admit it, in fact,
until he was attacked with a violent
dysentery.
Rafus, upon learning what he had
done, immediately sent for a doctor,
who prescribed an antidote for the
poison and had the man immediately
removed to his room, where he now
lies in a critical state.
It has been rumored among the drug
clerks of the store that the man will
not survive the effects of the poison.
Y. P. S. C. E. Meet -in Church.
Members of the Y. P. S. C. E. congre
gated in the First Presbyterian Church,
Van Ness avenue and Sacramento street.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1898.
last evening to listen to the address of
Mr. Jenks, delivered in behalf of the or
ganization. Following the prayer deliv
ered by Rev. Robert Mackenzie, the
speaker told of the organization of the
society and the satisfactory result which
had been obtained through earnest efforts
and an attempt to help others. The
growth of the society and reasons for fur
ther efforts to be used in the work which
has heretofore been carried on was atten
tively listened to by those present. It is
thought the address will be repeated in
the near future.
MEDICOS BANQUETED.
Surgeon-General Hopkins Celebrates
the Completion of the National
Guard's Sanitary Corps.
Surgeon-General Hopkins of the Na
tional Guard tendered a banquet to the
United States army medical officers and
medical officers of the National Guard at
the Palace Saturday evening in com-
memoration of the completion of the
work clone in the establishment of a
sanitary corps in the National Guard of
California.
Seated around the banquet board were
Surgeon-General Hopkins, Colonel John
Gallwey, Colonel G. F. Hanson, Colonel
Middleton. U. S. A.; Colonel Greenleaf. U.
S. A.; Major W. D. McCarthev, Captain
P. J. H. Farrell, Captain A. P. O'Brien,
Dr. E. A. Lengfeldt, Dr. C. F. Buckley,
Dr. W. W. Kerr, Dr. W. B. Lewitt, Gen
eral A. W. Barrett and Colonel Peeler.
Toasts were offered and responded to
and the status of the National Guard's
Sanitary Corps was explained by the
surgeon-general.
Acting for M. Elisee Recius the noted
geographer, M. Hourst of the French
navy has applied to the city of Paris
for permission to begin the construc
tion of the colossal terrestrial globe, in
tended to be one of the attractions of
the next universal exhibition.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
THEY RENEW
THE SACRED
OBLIGATION
A Total Abstinence
Pledge Taken by
Cadets.
League of the Cross Boys
Assemble in the
Cathedral.
Archbishop Riordan Gives an
Address and Administers
the Oath.
WHYTHE VOW WAS TAKEN
List of the Various Parishes Repre
sented at Yesterday's
Ceremony.
"I declare before Almighty God
and you Most Reverend Father,
and in the presence of this con
gregation, that I hereby solemnly
renew for the following year the
promise of temperance according
to the rules of that branch of the
League of the Cross of which I
am a member, and may God give
me the grace to keep this my
pledge in the name of the Father
and of the Son and of the Holy
Ghost. Amen."
In the presence and before the taber
nacle of their God over 1300 members
of the temperance organization, to
gether with the entire regiment of the
League of the Cross, recited this sacred
promise to abstain from all intoxicating
liquors for the coming year.
The pledge was read by His Grace
Archbishop Riordan from the pulpit of
St. Mary's Cathedral, who conducted
the entire ceremony of administering
the oath.
Before this was done he briefly out
lined to them the object of the tem
perance organization and the blessing
conferred upon its members, concluding
with a vivid picture of the misery, un
happiness and baneful harvest which
the drunkard reaps from the curse of
liquor. He spoke in part as follows:
Aly Dear Members of the League of the
Cross: This annual gathering of your or
ganization is one or the most inspiring
and gratifying in th<' annala of the ec
clesiastical year. It is must assuring to
me to view this Immense gathering of
boys and young m> ■:. and I take this oc
casion to express my satisfaction of the
work done by you :.,iing the past year.
I extend my heart) congratulations to
you and to Fathti '/Ryan, to whose ef
forts the worthy st.ue of the society is
mainly due. 1 also congratulate you for
the example which you are setting to the
other young men of the city by your ef
forts to foster the principles of your or
ganization. You represent to-day, beyond
all doubt, ont- of the strongest societies
of any church, and, considering this, you
should be actuated by a feeling of joy
and gratification.
What is the purpose of your gathering
here to-day? It Is to thank Almighty God
for the graces conferred upon you in the
past year in repressing that insatiable
thirst for liquor which brings with its
indulgence misery, poverty and unhappi
ness. You arr here to renew your prom
ise of last year and to ask God to give
you strength and grace to keep it. I
need not enlarge upon the importance of
the sacred oath which you will take to
day. I need not tell of the consequent
evils of drink and the virtues of temper
ance. You Bee this for yourself at every
turn, young men growing to manhood
who have been doomed to a life of misery,
degradation and disgrace- You have but
to look at the columns of the newspapers
of this city, and, In fact, all great cities
of the world, to see the results of the
COLONEL SULLIVAN REVIEWING THE CADETS.
curse of drunkenness. This curse of li
quor is individual, and society of to-day is
not sufficiently well grounded in virtue
and religion to protect its members from
falling into tho fatal abyss.
It is not necessary dear boys and young
men, to tell you what I know on the sub
ject of intemperance or the knowledge of
its effects which I have derived from my
conversance with books; you see it all
around you, and this should be a fitting
object lesson to you to keep away from it.
The virtue of temperance makes the
poorest homes blossom with the flowers
of happiness. To-day you are here to
testify that you Intend to perpetuate the
exemplary principles of your organization
and by your example attract others to it.
It is a well-recognized conventionality
that in time of youth a boy lays the
foundation of his future character. Until
we are twenty-one years of age our char
acters are forming and developing daily.
Day by day and month by month we
continue to grow both in body and mind.
We should endeavor during this period of
our youth to abstain from drink and
keep company with boys who are thor
oughly temperate In their habits.
I confidently think that if a boy has
never tasted liquor up to the time ho
becomes a man that he will be. if not a
total aliFtalr.or, at least a temperate
man. In conclusion. I will ask you that
when you kneel down night and morning
before God that you will pray to him to
confer upon you the blessing of temper
ance. When you renew your pledge to
day do co with your whole heart and
ask Almighty God for the grace to keep it.
I promise you that you will never regret
what you have done to-day.
After the pledge had been adminis
tered benediction of the blessed sacra
ment was celebrated by the Arch-»
bishop in person, assisted by Fathers
Conley, O'Ryan and Lyons.
Immediately after the conclusion of
the service of benediction the cadets
marched out of the church in double
file and lined up on the sfairs leading
to the cathedral, where a photograph
of the regiment was taken.
On the landing at the top of the first
flight of stairs two flag bearers wero
stationed, one bearing the American
colors and another those of the Tem
perance Society. Between the ban
ners were stationed Father O'Ryan and
the Archbishop. A grand review of
the 573 cadets, representing the full
regiment, was held on Van Ness ave
nue, and concluded the programme of
the day.
Among the prominent members of
the senior branch, who participated in
the ceremony yesterday afternoon,
were A. B. Maguire and T. H. Fallon.
The following districts with the vari
ous parishes included in each", were
represented at yesterday's service:
District I— St. Peter's, St. Paul's, St.
James" and old St. Mary's College Parish
District 2— Mission Dolores, St. Joseph,
St. Charles and the Youths' Directory
District 3— St. Patrick's, St. Rose's "St
Mary's (Paullst), St. Brandan's, St. Ther
esa's and All Hallows.
District 4-St. Mary's Cathedral, St.
Francis, St. Brigid's, Holy Cross and
Sacred Heart.
District s— St. Patrick's (Oakland), St.
Joseph's (Berkeley), St. Mary's (Oak
land), Sacred Heart (Temescal), St. Fran
fi s d< V> ? ales 'Oakland, St. Raphael's
(San Rafael), St. Vincent's (Petaluma).
LAST OF HIS GENERATION.
Death of Captain Christopher Er
skine McNear.
Captain Christopher Erskine McNear
died at an early hour Sunday morning,
after an illness that has confined him to
his home for nearly three years, although
he was able to sit up until the past few
days. His malady, which began with a
slight lameness, developed into locomotor
ataxia, and he gradually lost the use of
his lower limbs, until it was only by the
use of a rolling-chair that he was able to
move from one room to another.
fhe deceased was born in Wlscasset,
Me., on June 25, 1815, and was the last of
a family of twelve, none of whom reached
his advanced age. He was not a pioneer,
although he came to California in early
days. He was a member of the Mer
chants' Exchange, and has always been
connected with the shipping interests of
the State. He always took a great inter
est in politics, and in days gone by was
one of the leading members of ..he Repub
lican clubs of this city. Though many of
his friends have passed away since he
has been ill, there are many left, who,
although he has been absent from their
midst so long, still remember the genial
and generous captain, who was always
strictly honorable in his dealings with
all men, and never turned a deaf ear to
the wants of the noor and unfortunate.
He leaves a widow, a daughter and the
family of a deceased son to mourn his
loss. The funeral service will be held at
hla late residence 225 Oak street, Tuesday
afternoon, at 2 o'clock. The interment
will be on Wednesday, in Cypress Hill
Cemetery, Petaluma.
OFFICERS TO BE ELECTED.
Annual Choice of Directors of the
Mechanics' Institute
The annual election of the Mechanics'
Institute will be held on Wednesday of
this week at the Library building on Post
street. The board of trustees at its last
meeting appointed Alfred Cridge, Henry
L. Davis and C. A. Malm as judges of
election. There are seven trustees to
be elected, and the following are the can
didates: G. L. Bresse, R. Chartrey, W.
G. Copeland, J. H. Culver, J. P. Fraser,
E. P. Heald, P. J. Healy, Oscar Lewis,
Charles G. Meussdorffer. C. W. Moores,
George R. Presson, H. W. Smith, Charles
D. Steiger, H. L. Tlckner, George W.
Turner. George H. Wallis. The polls will
be open from 11 a. m. until 9 p. m. , the
voting being under the preferential
method.
The installation of the trustees elect
will take place at the annual meeting on
March 5.
The board of trustees have appointed
A. S. Hallldle, Asa R. Wells and A. Van
der Nalllen the installing committee.
COLLEGE BASEBALL.
Berkeley and Santa Clara to Meet
on the Diamond To-Morrow.
Supporters of the Berkeley and Stan
ford baseball aggregations will have a
better chance to judge of the relative
strength of the college teams to-morrow,
as the Blue and Gold representatives will
Journey to Santa Clara and cross bats
with the college nine. A large number
of rooters will accompany the team on
the trip, and things should be lively.
Santa Clara met the wearers of the
cardinal early in the season, and admin
istered a defeat. Should they gain a vic
tory over the Blue and Gold the chances
of getting a line on the rivals will be as
difficult as before.
Berkeley's fine showing against the
alumni last Saturday has instilled a feel
ing of confidence in the Berkeley contin
gent. Although Stanford only gained a
victory over the alumni nine by a narrow
margin, they are still practicing hard,
with a determination of retrieving last
season's defeat on the diamond.
To Cure Headache In 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
Labor's Views.
At a general meeting of the Federation
of Labor Friday night it was decided that
the order would favor the eight-hour bill,
and the prison labor bill, and the anti
immigration law would be opposed.
The sentiments of the meeting were
that all the measures presented were
worthy of approval. The printers in par
ticular, were opposed to anything bearing
any semblance to convict labor.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
n 7j
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MIYELTY SILKS
For Spring, 18P8.
We direct particular attention
this week to our elegant stock of
NOVELTY SILKS for spring and
summer wear. Our assortment Is
most complete and Includes the new-
est productions of the verg hest
manufacturers.
Bayadere and Checked Taffetas.
Ombre Striped Effects in Taffetas.
Two=toned Checked Natlasse.
Basket Weaves in Jacquard Effects.
Summer Plaid Taffetas.
Fancy Checked Taffetas.
New Effects in Foulards.
2jtot:e.
We will also have on sale this week an ele-
gant assortment of LADIES' TAFFETA SILK
SKIRTS in plaids, checks, stripes and plain
colors.
111. 113. 115. LI7. 119. 121 POST STREET.
U IB H lAtf KtsV fDHf BLh IB |h B|
Some grocers advertise
Best and cheapest here."
Nine times out of ten
cheap means inferior.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Eggs ;. . 15c
Choice
Hams lie
regularly 12% c lb
Eastern sugar cured— first class
Royan sardines 15c
regularly 20c tin •
" In olive oil with truffle and pickle
Coffee (Crescent blend) 25c
■, Pure coffee — nothing else ... ; v
Chocolate Menier ; 372 C
' regularly 45c lb - .» . ' "'.'
- 33,000,000 lbs. sold yearly— must -
be real good,
— indurated fiber 30c
regularly 50c .-
Practically t indestructible— no . •
hoops — all one piece — light — .
weather proof— crack '
Cherries in maraschino 622 C
regularly 70c bottle ;- >r -?,-^>' : r
An after dinner sweet meat ,
Cry s tola 40c
regularly ; 50c ; dozen
Scours everything in the Kitchen
Peaches — sliced 3 tins 25c
. regularly 10c tin lunch size r '
. ■ , Hickmott : canned them— that's
' guaranty enough 1
Peach brandy •;-; 90c
regularly $1 25 bottle (14 years old)
Almonds — shelled 20c
, ■ regularly 25c lb
, : Californian— selected'
Toilet soap ' *'
: reg. 25c Savon d'Etoile 3 cakes :l 20c
" "f:" f : 5c Melba ; •:. ; dozen ; 40c
OFC Whiskey
. regu'ly 1 star $1 75c
.; -.». 3 " ; 150 . 110
' Distillery label :; :'.',:
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, j NOTARY PUBLIC I
OQQ MAKKKT >l : ST., l;v OPP. " f ALACK
V»O Hotel. Telephone ) 670. " Reddwc* M
Valencia street. T«lephon«. "Cburcli' U.
I At Auction
AT—
GOLDEN GATE HALL
625 . SUTTER STREET, •
Commencing
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21,
UNTIL
SATURDAY, February 26, 1898,
. At 2:30 and 8 p. m. daily,
BALANCE OF—
sum
COLLECTION
OF
Rare o henta 1-^ Artistic Rugs, Etc,
Which sale was discontinued owing
■ to the renting of the hall for
a few days.
Antique and Modern ,
Rugs, Carpets,
Hangings, Etc.
Some among which ore priceless. : One Silk
.•->, Run, exhibited in Vienna in 1890,
:■. ; , -'\-; 'J-. :-,; ■;'.' won first prize. I"
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
; .Auctioneers.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
S*«! A LACE v?l
°GRANDa2IEk*°
Zj iV :y-'Oi9AN; : ' FRANCISCO. . Q .
" ■'; Connected by a covered passageway. >*
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. «
O . ; All under Management. C
O NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES:- O
O European Plan. SI. OO per day and upward fl
American Plan.»3.OOperdayand upward W
Or > r ' ■ ; Correspondence ■ Solicited, f -..■■■ ■■-, Q
Q /JOHN 0. KIMPATRICK, Manager. q
0 0 0 0000O OO O OOO O O
iRjraULTY.
ri'H.lB "WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OT.ll r
.1. Sppfiallstci/rf:* I'rlvate^Jervous.BloodHiid Skin .
DiBeiu«ca of Men only. Mhnly Power restored. Over
1 20 rears' experience, i Send for Book, free. Patients I
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 0 to 3
1 dally .6:30 t<>.s.roev'iCM. Sundays, 10 to 12. Cunsalta* I
- don free and sacredly confidential. : Call or address .
pf^'i P. ROSCOE UcNTLTT, M. ».. S';v,
803* Vicmrmr Street. S»d Fruciw*. Cllfc i