VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 12.
CITIZENS OF CHICAGO PROTEST
AGAINST FRANCHISE EXTENSION
DECLARE IN MASS MEETING
FOR MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
OF THE STREET RAILWAYS
Inflammatory Speeches Made on the Streets, and
There Is Yet Danger of Violence
To-Night
RESOLVED, That Inasmuch as the beginning and end
of all political corruption in the City Council are the
traction companies, the directors and stockholders of
those companies should not be permitted to escape the
odium now directed against venal public servants, but
that they be exposed to condemnation as criminals and
anarchists, in that they are organizing corruption and
plotting against the peace and prosperity of Chicago and
inviting consequences as disastrous to this community
as any outrages ever devised by the sworn enemies of
society : and
RESOLVED. That the citizenship of Chicago stands
strong at the back of our Mayor in his brave fight for the
people's rights; that it is the sense of this meeting that
the time for municipal ownership, if not right now, may
be by the time the present franchise shall expire.— Tt-rsoiuttons
adopted at a mass-meeting at Chicago.
S-*\ HICAGO, Dec. 11. — Curious scenes
will be witnessed in Chicago to
morrow night. Arrangements
V_y have been made by the citi-
Zens of the various wards
to accompany their Aldermen to the
City Hall. and they will wait j
outside the Council chamber until !
the meeting Is over ana accompany
them home. Some of the citizens' dele
gations will have brass bands, and Al
dermpn will march behind them and
y>>ep step to the music. An Alderman
usually classed with the "Kane" said
to-day.
"I am hard up. My business Is prac
tically gone because I was fool enough
to run for Alderman. I admit that I
n<-rd $100,000, and would take it if I
could gf>t it. But I have a wife and
two children. Am I going to disgrace
them and myself for nothing? Suppose
this money that is to be paid Is put in
the hands of "Johnny" (naming: a
pmminent Alderman), and suppose
"Johnny" dies before he pays it over
to up. where are we? Suppose that the
street railways refuse to give up the
'dough' after we have voted, where
arf we? My wife cries in the morn
ing:, she cries at noon, she cries at
night. I cannot stand this any longer.
I tell you the way things are going
now they are going to wake the dead
in the cemeteries before this is over,
and they will all be stalking down here
to look 'bogy' at us. I'm sick of it.
and I won't stanu for it any longer."
Here is a million and a quarter of
dollars huntr high for votes of Alder
men at a time when most of them are
financially embarrassed; most of them
living solely upon their Aldermanic
palarles. Set against this bid for their
honor are detectives dcrgging their heels, |
FH-aling after them in the shadow of
the night, pic! ' ~<r them up at morning j
•when they leave their homes, and trail
ing them relentlessly hour after hour.
There looms the shadow of the Grand
Jury, the Inquisition of the State's At
torney. Here is lurking the agonizing
fear that some Aldermanic partner in
bribeiy may confess; that another may
slln away with the money: that a be
trayal is at hand any moment.
The Federation of Labor and other
labor organizations passed resolutions
to-day standin" by the Mayor, and ap
plauding his action in the present situ
ation. Fully 5000 people gathered in
Central r usic Hall this afternoon to
voice their disapproval of the tifty-year
franchise ordinance and demand muni
cipal ownership of street railways, and
after listening to speehes by Mayor
Harrison, ex-Governor Altgeld and
others passed resolutions embodying
the following Bentiments and demands:
Unconditional repeal of the Allen
law.
No ordinances to pass the Council
for franchise extensions until the Al
len law is repealed.
No Council legislation for fran
chise extensions after the Allen law
is repealed unless the same involves
eventual municipal ownership of
street railways.
Remedial legislation at Springfield
enabling the city of Chicago to ac
quire street railways.
No Council legislativefranchise ex
tension ordinances any way until
1903.
No compensation rates in any pos
sible future ordinances of less than
10 per cent.
Reduction of street railway fare as
well as compensation to city if any
ordinance is passed after the Allen
law is repealed.
Personal appeal through commit
tees to the resident directors and
stockholders for street railways to
withdraw all boodle legislation now
before the Council.
Joliet penitentiary for all boodle
Aldermen.
Indorsement of stand taken by
The San Francisco Call
i Mayor Harrison and the Council
minority.
The speakers were Mayor Harriso-n,
: former Governor Altgeld, former Alder
man John M. Harlan, George E. Cole,
president of the Municipal Voters'
i League, and Rev. Father John Pope
Hodnett, and their utterances were in
the main calm and argumentative. All
classes of people were represented in
the audience. Mayor Harrison's posi
tion on the municipal ownership ques
tion is simply this, as expressed this
afternoon:
"These street car people are the
shrewdest In the world. The present
ordinance before the Council is no more
or less than a 'stall,' and is only used
to draw out the people's anger and dis
approval. They expect that the people
will cool off. I don't believe it is pos
sible to put the ordinance through the
Council until legislation has been given
a chance to repeal the Allen law.
Should any be put through before then
I will use my veto, and afterward they
must be for twenty years or less and
allow compensation to the city of not
less than 10 per cent. At the expiration
of twenty years I am in favor of mu
nicipal ownership of the street car sys
tem. To get a perfectly harmonious
scheme it would not be advisable to own
them until then.
"The streets are ours and we must
not grant a franchise unless given a
fair, adequate and complete compensa
tion. The street car companies are
making an enormous profit. They get
11, 900.000 annually above good interest.
This money should be put in the pock
ets of the citizens of Chicago and not
into those of some high-class dude of
New York. While Yerkes does not
make his home in New York at present
he owns a fine residence there, and as
soon as the street car franchise is put
FRONT ELEVATIONS OF SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW POSTOFFICE BUILDING.
The supervising architect has informed The Call's correspondent at Washington that there
will be no further changes in either the exterior or interior plans. This statement was made by
reason of the fact that Judge Morrow and other Federal officials at San Francisco have lately
suggested certain modifications in the arrangement of courtrooms, chambers, etc. The plans
of both exterior and interior have been repeatedly changed to meet the suggestions of these offi
cials. Delay in construction of the superstructure has been the consequence. Both the Treasury
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
through Terkes will leave Chicago. This
city dc-es not exist to him any more
than to help him float bonds."
Indications now are that the Chicago
City Railway Company will be inclined
to withdraw from the present fight, pro
vided it can find a non-humiliating way
out of the matter.
From pulpit and platform the op
ponents of fifty-year franchises hurled
their denunciations of the now cele
brated Lyman ordinance and its
friends in and out of the Council. A
score or more preachers took it for the
text for at least one and in many cases
two sermons, handling bribers and
boodlers without gloves, while the
number of speakers addressing public
mass meetings ran well into the hun
dreds. In very few cases were speeches
delivered in a conciliatory tone, but
rather calculated to further inflame
the public mind, though it is true that
GENERAL GARCIA, CUBAN PATRIOT
AND FOE TO SPAIN, CALLED TO REST
CHICAGO ALDERMEN
UNDER THE NOOSE
At the meeting of the Com
mittee on Franchises of the
Chicago Con)mon Council
the great mass of orators refrained
from advising their hearers to carry
ropes for Yerkes and the Aldermen
who might vote for the traction or
dinance should it come up for passage
Monday night. But while to that ex
tent more temperate than has been the
vogue for several days past, the
speeches were none the less effective in
the matter of working those who heard
them up to a fever heat, and it was in
a thousand and one smaller mass meet
ings in saloons and on street corners
after the hall meetings had adjourned
that mischief was done which may yet
result in the storming of the City Hail
by a mob.
Opponents of the traction companies
profess to believe the ordinance will not
be introduced. Mayor Harrison said
to-night he believed Terkes and his
henchmen were playing for delay, hop
ing when the excitement died out to
Department and the contractor for iron and steel work have been unjustly held responsible for
this delay, according to Chief Executive Officer Kemper. He believes the San Francisco people
will be satisfied with the exterior of the building.
The removal of the unsightly towers is a great improvement. The building, as shown above, is
of classic architecture like the Treasury, Interior, Postofflce and many other of the public build
ings in Washington.
Saturday a man wearing good
clothes and a sil^ hat was
conspicuous, particularly be
cause of the fact that he had
around his shoulders twenty
feet of rope with a hang"
man's noose at the enc,
which, from time to tin>e as
a friend of the ordinance
would speak, he would un
wind and allow to drop till
the noose bung suspended
over the speaKer. He was
not molested.
have the measure quietly passed.
Yerkes maintains a sphynxlike silence,
refusing to discuss the matter at all,
except to say the case is in the hands
of the Aldermen. The danger in this
attitude is that unless it becomes defi
nitely known early to-morrow after
noon that the ordinance will not be in
troduced a mob may gather in the
downtown districts and trouble ensue
whether the measure comes up or not.
Chief Kipley said this evening that
the police were ready to handle any
crowd that might surround the City
Hall, and was confident there would
be no serious fracture of the peace.
This morning the Chronicle, which
has been a thick-and-thin supporter of
Harrison in the anti-franchise crusade,
and which is owned by John R. Walsh,
a leading banker of the city, under the
Continued on Second Page.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
fiALLANT WARRIOR
AT WASHINGTON
Loss of the Leader for the Island's
Independence After Victory
Had Been Won.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.—Gen
eral Calixto Garcia, the dis
tinguished Cuban warrior
and leader, and the head
of the commission elected by the
Cuban Assembly to visit this country,
died here this morning shortly after
10 o'clock at the Hotel Raleigh, where
the commission has its headquarters.
The sudden change from the warm cli
mate of Cuba, with the hardships he
THE LATE GENERAL CALIXTO GARCIA.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
had there endured, to the wintry
weather of New York and Washington,
is responsible for the pneumonia which
resulted in his demise. He contracted
a slight cold In New York, which did
not assume an alarming stage until the
early part of last week. On Tuesday
night General Garcia, in company with
the other members of the commission,
attended a dinner given in his honor
by General Miles, and it was a result
of the exposure there that culminated
in his death.
During the twelve hours or more pre
ceding dissolution General Garcia was
unconscious most of the time. At in
tervals he recognized one or more of ;
those about him. In his dying mo
ments, as all through his busy and
active life, his thoughts were for his
beloved country and its people, and
among his last words were irrational
mutterings, in which he gave orders to
his son, who is on his staff, for the bat
tle which he supposed was to occur to
morrow, and ifr which he understood
there were only 400 Spaniards to com
bat. Just before he died he embraced
his son.
Rev. Father Magee of St. Patrick's
Church was called In during the day,
and was with General Garcia until the
end, administering the last rites of
the Catholic church. Other members
of the commission and Mr. Rubens,
their counsel in this country, were also
in the bed chamber when the end came.
The remains were immediately pre
pared for burial, and were placed on
a bier in the room in which he died.
A large Cuban flag served as a cover
ing, and the head rested on one of
smaller dimensions. The face and bust
were left exposed to public view. The
features had a remarkably lifelike ap
pearance, and gave no indication, of i
the suffering which the deceased had
borne. Just above the head rested a
magnificent floral piece of red and
white roses and cross palms tied with
a pure white ribbon. By direction of :
Major General Miles a detachment of
soldiers from Battery E, Sixth Artil
lery, at the barracks here, under com
mand of Lieutenant Cox, was detailed
as a body guard for the remains.
After General Garcia's death steps
were taken to notify the Government
and also the committee of the Cuban
Assembly, which has its headquarters
at Marianao, Cuba. Secretary Jose VU
laon of the commission sent a telegram;
of notification to Mendez Capote, the
President of the Cuban Assembly, who
is now in Havana. As soon as the
death became known a number of vis2
ltors, including many public men, came
to tho hotel to express their condol
ences. President McKinley manifested
his sympathy by sending a suitably
worded letter and Vice President Ho
bart pent his card. Among those who
called were Senator* Foraker, Money,
Proctor and Chandler and Majors Gen
eral Lawton and Wheeler.
General- Garcia left a large family, only I
one of whom, Justo, just of age and cap- ■
tain on hi> staff, was with him when
he died. His widow and Mercedes, a j
daughter 17 years of age, are at
Thoroasville, Oa., where the girl is
quite 111. Mario, a son 19 years of nr.«\
i.s with tho mother at Thomasville, and
Colonel Carlos Garcia, another son! is
in Cuba. A daughter, Leonora, who
married an American, is living in Paris.
General Garcia'a mother is still alive;
and resides in Havana.
General Garcia, whose name will be
over linked with those of other patriots
who have fought against unequal <>dds
for the freedom of his country, has had
a most active and varied life, much of
which has been spent in fighting for the
cause of Cuban liberty, which he had
the satisfaction of seeing accomplished
so short a time before his death. He
was a man of culture and refinement,
of splendid education and came from a
distinguished family of Jaiquani, of
Santiago de Cuba Province. He was
born in Cogquin October 14, 1539, and
was therefore in his sixtieth year. Gen
eral Garcia was educated in Havana
and in Spain. In 1564 he was married
to Isabel Velez.
General Garcia was the original con
spirator in the uprising of the Cubans
against Spain in 18*8, and in that war, j
under Gomez, he attained the rank of
a brigadier general. In October of IS6B j
he captured the towns of Jaiquani and ;
Baire and recruited many hundreds of !
patriots. He had command of the east- !
crn departments during that revolution,
after 1573, and won many notable vie- :
tories, including those at Melonez and !
Aures. While the revolution was in a !
critical state in the other provinces and |
its outcome was uncertain he main- I
tamed it with vigor in the territory j
under his command. In 187r>, while ;
reconnoitering with his escort, he was j
surrounded by 2000 Spaniards. Prefer- !
ring death to capture and subsequent
execution at the hands of his enemies j
he attempted' suicide by placing his re- i
votver under his chin and firing. The j
bullet came out between his eyebrows. \
For months ho lay between life and i
death, but was saved finally by Span- ■
lab Burgeons, who possibly had owed j
their own lives to his mercy. The Span- j
iards. believing he was about to die, i
gave him a pardon. The hole which the
bullet made when it entered the chin
and came out between the eyebrows
was always visible and shows plainly
in the calmness of death.
For his participation in the revolu
tionary movement General Garcia was
Bent to Spain, where for four years he
was confined in castles and fortresses,
remaining there until the peace of Zan |
Jon. He theVi returned to the United j
States, and together with Jose Marti !
attempted another revolution. He
landed in Cuba with a few followers.
but the country was tired of war and
wanted to try the home rule offered by
Spain. He capitulated to the Spanish
forces in order to save his few remain
ing followers and was again banished
to Spain in 1880, where he remained un
der surveillance until 1595, when the
last revolution broke out In Cuba, Then
he escaped to France and later to New
York.
His movements since that time and
his active participation in the war •are
familiar to many newspaper readers.
After coming to this country he en- j
deavored to get an expedition to the j
island of Cuba in the steamer Hawkins, j
but this met with shipwreck in a storm |
and the cargo was lost. General Garcia |
was the last man to leave the vessel. |
Undaunted by his failure General Gar- !
cia made another attempt to ship stores
for the insurgents, this time obtaining
the ship Bermuda. He was intercepted,
however, by the United States authori
ties and was arrested on a charge of
filibustering, but was released on $3000
bail. He forfeited this bail, and in a
final attempt landed on the eastern
shore of the island with one of the
largest expeditions that ever reached
Cuba. After landing he succeeded Gen
eneral Antonio Maceo In command of
the troops of the eastern department,
holding the rank of major general. Gen
eral Maceo marching west with his
men.
At Maceo's death Garcia was elected
lieutenant general of the Cuban army,
which position he held to the close of
the war. During this command he as
saulted and took by siege Tunas, Guisa
and Guaimaro and cleared the interior
of his department of Spanish.
After the declaration of war between
the United States and Spain General
Miles, commanding the American army,
gent his representative to General Gar
cia, and subsequently the American
and Cuban' generals co-operated In
their movement against Santiago. All
the officers who participated in the ac
ttve work around Santiago bear testi
mony to the great aid, assistance and
loyalty manifested by General Garcia
during the campaign.
When the Cuban Assembly met at the
close of the war General Garcia was one
of the principal advisers and was
elected chairman of the commission di
rected to come to the United States
and confer with the authorities here
■with reference to the work in hand.
Letters of condolence were received
from Secretary Hay, General Miles and
Senator Foraker. Secretaries Hay and
Alger and Postmaster General Smith
left their cards, as did Assistant Secre
tary Meiklejohn and Generals Miles
and Gilmore. The several letters of
(condolence were as follows:
Executive Mansion,
"Washing-ton, D. C, Dec. 11, ls9B.
My Dear Sir: I have heard, with deep
regret, the melancholy news of General
Oarcia's death. I begr to offer my heart
felt sympathy In your Borrow and the
tribute of mv sincere admiration for ms
eminent qualities as a patriot and soldier.
The people of the United States will join
with the people of Cuba In mourning the
loss of one to whom the cause of Cuban
liberty is deeply indebted. Sharing in
your grief, I am sincerely yours.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Senor Juan Justo Garcia, etc.
Department of State,
Washington, D. C, Dec. 11, 1898.
My Dear Mr. Queseda:' I am deeply ills
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
GABILAN HILLS DENUDED
BY A WALL OF FLAME
Conflagration Doing Great Damage on Ranch Land in
the Vicinity of Salinas.
SALINAS, Dec. 11.— A conflagration is raging in the Gabilan
hills, four miles from Salinas. It is spreading with extreme rapidity.
The fire started early this afternoon on Carr's ranch and spread
over a portion of H. Bardin's ranch, destroying shrubs, trees, fences
and what little feed remained. It was started by men clearing away
undergrowth, and owing to a sudden rise in the wind soon was be
yond all control. The sky here is obscured by dense clouds of smoke.
Fremont's Peak has been burned over and is covered by ashes,
which from Salinas looks like a mantle of snow. Over 700 acres have
been burned over and the fire is increasing in range. The dam
age will be great.
tressed to hear thl3 lamentable news.
Cuba has lost a Datriot and a soldier who
can never be replaced. The admiration I
have always hart for him has been great
ly increased by my too brief personal ac
quaintance. No one could know him with
out a genuine regard and affection. The
name of Garcia will be forever revered in
Free Cuba, along with those of Marti and
Maceo and many others who haw given
their lives for tneir country. I beg io
offer my sincere sympathy to you and all
your associates in this irreparable loss.
Yours faithfully, John HAY.
Headquarters of the Army.
Washington, Dec. 11. IS9S.
Hon. Horatio S. Rubens— My. Dear Sir:
It Is with the deepest regret that 1 learn
of the death of the distinguished soldier,
patriot and statesman, General Garcia,
who so nobly championed the cause of his
country for the past twenty-four years.
He would have been an ornament to any
country, and his loss will .■ great to the
cause for which he has lab. 'red so long
and so earnestly Very sincerely yours,
NELSON A. MILES,
Major General Commanding, I. S. A.
Vnited States Senate,
Washington, Dec. 11. 1896.
Hon. Gonzales de yueseda, The Ral
eigh—My Dear Sir: It have just heard of
the death of General Garcia. Allow me,
through you, to tender my heartfelt sym
pathy to his family, his friends and his
country, on account of the great loss they
have sustained. As Admiral Sampson re
cently said of him, he was indeed a
•'grand old man,"' and I shall always ac
count it good fortune to have personally
met him. Jt seems hard, indeed, that, just
as the cause for which he did so much i.s
triumphing he should have been called
from liie. It was his great ambition to
seen Cuba free and Independent, with a
government chosen by the people of the
island, and he would have done more than
almost any one cse to bring all this
about. For his death to occur at such a
time must be a hard blow to all of you.
Very truly, etc.,
J. B. FORAKER.
The arrangements for the funeral of
General Garcia have not been com
pleted. The expectation is that ser
vices will be held in one of the Catho
lic churches, possibly St. Patrick's, on
Tuesday, after which the remains will
be placed temporarily in a receiving
vault pending final interment in Cuba.
There having been as yet no official
recognition given the commission by
the President it seems unlikely that
there will be any official participation
as such, although it is expected that
members of the Cabinet and members
of Congress may attend in their indi
vidual capacities.
The members of the commission feel
keenly the blow which has befallen
them in the death of their leader, who,
they say, was a man of intelligence,
valor, energy and probity, in whom the
great majority of people had absolute
confidence. The work in hand, they
say, will continue without interrup
tion and the ideas and views held by
General Garcia will by impressed on all \
(hat is done. While it is possible that j
another -chairman may be chosen by
the Cuban Assembly, yet the commis
sioners say that it is not essential, as
those now here are thoroughly equip
ped to take up the work where their
leader laid it down.
HIGHEST TYPE OF
THE CUBAN PATRIOT
General Garcia Was Regarded
As -the Liberator of
His People.
NEW YORK, Dec. U.— After the
news of the death of Calixto Garcia
was received here General Palma was
■ requested by the members of the Cv
i ban commission to start at once for
; Washington. He was unable to comply
| with the request, because he has a
; child ill at the Astor House, and be
cause he, together with his sons, was
the host to-day of Mrs. Ruis Rivera,
the wife of General Ruls Rivera, the
Cuban exile just liberated from a Span
ish penal colony, who arrived on La
j Champagne yesterday.
Treasurer Benjamin J. Guerda of the
j delegation was delegated to go to
Washington and represent the junta in
| the arrangements for the funeral.
General Palma gave the following
! statement as his tribute to the mem-
I ory of his comrade in arms:
"The Cubans will always consider
General Garcia one of the liberators
S of the island, and will keep his mem-
ory in grateful veneration. I was his
personal friend since our youth, in my
native town of Bayamo, and we have
kept our friendship through all the
stirring events that have occurred
since the '68 war. I feel the loss of a
companion and friend.
"A sad coincidence in connection
with the death of General Garcia is
the fact that his youngest daughter,
Mercedes, who is but 18 years old, is
now ill with consumption in Georgia,
whence she was to go with her mother
and father to Cuba to enjoy for the re
maining months of her life the liberty
and old associations which the sacri
fices of General Garcia had helped to
make realities."
B. J. Guerda, in an Interview, said:
"General Garcia was the highest type
of the true patriot. He devoted his
whole life to the welfare of his country.
There was no sacrifice he did not make
for Cuba. He dies in Cuba's service,
and his death brings deep mourning
into every Cuban home."
CHINESE LITTERATEUR
SENTENCED TO DIE
Imperial Decree Punishing a Native
Who Threatened a Foreign
Missionary.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
"An imperial rescript, just issued, sen
tences to death a Chinese litterateur who
wrote threatening letters to a foreign
missionary in Kiang Si, and confers high
Chinese honors on the missionary for his
tact and forbearance in the matter. The
edict astonished the Chinese, and the ac
tion of the Empress Dowager is likely
to have a salutary effect."
Sea Casts Up Three Bodies.
EUGENE, Or., Dec. 11.— Three more
bodies of the crew of the wrecked ship
Atalanta were found on the beach near
Florence this week, making a total of
eight bodies that have come ashore since
the wreck a .month ago. There is no
means of identifying the bodies.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
CITIZENS OF CHICAGO
PROTEST AGAINST
FRANCHISE EXTENSION.
Continued from First Page.
caption "Be Moderate," has this ed
itorial:
These are days of superlative rhetoric.
For instance, Mayor Harrison character
izes the Allen law' as "the most damnable
crime of the century." This is the cen
tury in which Lincoln and Garfleld were
assassinated and in which the secession of
certain States brought on a terribly de
structive civil war. Here in Chicago—
and Chicago is not yet much more than
half a century old- -we have seen an an
archist outbreak in Haymarket. We have
seen the assassination of Mayor Carter
Harrison, father of the young gentleman
who now asserts that the boodle measure
at Springfield, atrocious though it be. was
the most damnable crime of the century.
The Mayor, when he makes an exagger
ated statement of this kind, is merely
beside himself with intensity of feeling,
and men in that condition do not speak
words of truth and soberness. They run
to superlatives, and therein they make
a serious mistake.
In another under the caption "No
Ropes Necessary" it says in part:
The traction company extension ordin
ance is proing to be defeated by a suf
ficient number of Aldermen sustaining the
Mayor's veto. It will not be beaten by a
wild and reckless talk about ropes and
lamp posts, and such talk is very likely
to produce results in future that will be
extremely unpleasant and undesirable.
The sooner we have an end of these
threats the better it will be for this
town. • * * Just now we are tremen
dously and righteously indignant at the
prospect of corruption and bribery tri
umphing over the rights of the people.
They believe themselves ready for any
thing: but, brought to the pinch, not one
In a thousand would have anything to do
with lynching. Their wrath is simply
causing them to talk fustian. They are,
however— these respectable but ill-bal
anced citizens— furnishing a precedent for
men who will not only talk lynch law but
execute lynch law in future unless the
power of real law interposes to prevent
them— perhaps at a great cost of life and
certainly with great disturbance of public
tranquillity. If it becomes respectable in
this city for men to threaten "boodle"
Aldermen with ropes it will shortly be
come an accepted doctrine that the rope
is the proper means of adjusting aH dis
putes involving real or fancied Injustices.
Once let it be admitted that law is to be
set aside in favor of mob violence, even
in a single instance, and we open the door
to lawlessness In general. The respecta
ble citizen who is going around to-day
with a miniature hangman's noose on the
■ice] of his coat will be debarred from
reprehending members of the mob which
seeks to lynch a murderer, an unpopular
employer of labor, a defaulting banker
or some other person who has Incurred
the disapproval of any considerable sec
tion of the community. When It comes
to lynch law there can he no distinctions.
If one man may be lynched any other
man may be lynched, provided his ene
mies can muster sufficient strength to
do the job. • • • Above the Common
Council stand the courts, which will de
feat the consummation of any robbery of
the people through the combined efforts
of unscrupulous wealth and corrupt pub
lic servants. No ropes are necessary.
The Times-Herald, too, editorially
pleads with its readers to be moderate
and to do what they can to allay the
spirit of lawlessness at work among
the people. The Tribune alone issues
no warning.
It is said to-night that the proposed
plan of having committees of citizens
wait upon Aldermen to-morrow at their
homes to plead with their wives and
children may be abandoned, as it is
feared trouble might follow.
WILL NOT PROSECUTE
YERKES FOR LIBEL
Chicago Editors Say the Charge
of Blackmail Is Not
Worthy of Notice.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11. — Joseph Me
dlll, publisher of the Tribune, was
asked to make a denial of the charges
made against Chicago publishers by
Charles T. Yerkes in an interview with
a representative of The Call. He said:
"Deny the charges made by Yerkes?
Of course I won't Why should I deny
anything Mr. Yerkes chooses to say?
No denial is necessary. I am an old
man, and have for fifty years been
identified with Journalism. If in that
time I have not acquired a reputation
for honesty 'a denial now would avail
nothing. lam not fighting Yerkes. As
a citizen of Chicago I am working for
the interests of the city and its resi
dents. I am opposed to granting to
traction companies an extension of
franchises for fifty years. I am op
posed to giving street railroads priv
ileges without adequate compensation
to the city, and I am opposed to the
| Allen law. I am in this fight to prevent
i a great wrong, not to injure Mr.
| Yerkes, and I will remain and continue
1 to work for the defeat of the extension
! ordinance to the last. Every newspa
! per in Chicago except the Inter Ocean,
! which is the property of Mr. Yerkes,
and is edited to suit him, is opposed
to the franchise extension ordinance.
These newspapers simply represent the
people. They have no personal feeling
against Mr. Yerkes. Perhaps Mr.
Yerkes believes he can divert the press
from its fight on his plans, but he is
mistaken. If he thinks he can further
the intej?estß of his corporations by at
| tacking the proprietors of the newspa
j per 3he is at liberty to take that course.
I I do not care what he says. His chargeß
are ridiculous. He may say I am a
thief; that does not make it so. He
may say I am just out of the peniten
tiary, and then only on parole. He
may say I murdered my great-grand
mother or his great-grandmother and
he saw me do it, but the public won't
believe him, will it?
"What good would it do me to take
action against Mr. Yerkes? Shall I
sue him for libel? I may go into the
[ courts and secure a heavy judgment
j against him, but that would not prove
anything, and 1 don't want and don't
need Mr. Yerkes' money. Suppose I
.•were a young man like you and went to
his office and secured personal satisfac
tion by blacking his eyes and breaking
his nose — would that prove me inno
cent? Not at all.
"What do I care for Mr. Yerkes? He
is not a resident of Chicago. He moved
to New York four years ago and is a
citizen of that place. He has only an
office and business interests here. He
does not care for the welfare of the
city. All he is after is to secure a mo
nopoly on the streets. Why should I,
who have lived here over half a century
and have done my best for the city, at
tempt to defend myself against the
charges of a man of this character?
"I will fight the ordinance Mr. Yerkes
is backing and will defeat it. I will
fight the attempt to make the provis
ions of the Allen law effective until that
obnoxious measure is repealed by the
State Legislature. I will continue to
demand that the city receive fair com
pensation for privileges granted to
street railway corporations, and I will
not be diverted from my purpose by
any charges which may be made by
Mr. Yerkes.
"I deplore very much the excitement |
created by the past few days of agita
tion. All the talk of ropes and of hang
ing Mr. Yerkes or Aldermen is ridicu
lous and should be stopped, but the i
charge that newspapers are responsible |
for it is equally ridiculous. The editors
of the Chicago newspapers are not an
archists nor are the people of Chicago.
Obnoxious ordinances can and should
be defeated without any recourse to
violence. The cry 'La Lantorne!' should
never be raised in this city. I don't
look for any trouble Monday night."
Victor F. Lawson, publisher of the
Morning Record and Evening News, re
fused to deny the charges made by Mr.
Yerkes. When seen by The Call cor- i
respondent he paid:
"I will only say this in regard to the |
charges made against me by Mr. Yerkes .
in his interview of yesterday: There \
is nothing new in the accusations of j
Mr. Yerkes. He has been making simi- j
lar statements for many months. The
character of Mr. Yerkes is such and |
his antecedents are so well known In I
Chicago that it is beyond his power to
accuse any man."
Mr. Lawson declined further to dis
cuss the matter and would not say
whether he would proceed in the courts |
against Mr. Yerkes.
H. H. Kohlsaat, publisher of the !
Times-Herald and Evening Post, said: |
"Mr. Yerkes, I see, does not implicate j
me in the charges which he makes !
against the newspaper proprietors of j
Chicago, but he does accuse the editors •
of the Tribune and Record and News.
Now I happen to know something
about the charge againßt the Tribune
people. It dates back ten or twelve
years. At that time Mr. Yerkes was
on very friendly terms with the pro
prietor of that paper. He was trying
to secure from the City Council the
right to use l^a Salle-streei tunnel un
der Chicago River for his North Side
cable line. During a conversation in
the office of one of the heads of the
Tribune, I understand, the question of
the policy of that paper came up and
the gentleman referred to made a jocu
lar remark about there being nothing
in it for him. Mr. Yerkes and others
present never dreamed at the time of
taking this seriously and it was not
meant that way. In later years, when
I met Mr. Yerkes abroad, he related this
incident to me, and. I believe, took the
same view of it as I did. He probably
refers to this matter when he says he
was offered the columns of the Trib
une for a price. The idea is ridiculous,
and no one will credit Mr. Yerkes'
charge for a moment.
"As to the charge against the pro
prietor of the Record and News I do
not think it worth notice. Mr. Yerkes
claims he was approached by an agent
of Mr. Lawson and offered the columns
of the papers controlled by him for $50,
000. If some dishonest agent of Mr.
Lawson ever approached Mr. Yerkes I
am positive it was without the knowl
edge of Victor F. Lawson, who is as
honest as the day is long. There Is not
enough money between this city and
San Francisco to buy that man. Why,
Mr. Lawson's papers are worth $800,000
every year to him. His inco'rne from
them is over $75,000 per month. Is it
reasonable to suppose that he would
sell his influence for $50,000 or any
other sum? I do not believe the charges
merit denial.
"Will there be any disturbance in the
city Monday nigtjf? No. The exten
sion ordinance is put off for at least
six weeks by the action of the commit
tee of Aldermen appointed to investi
gate the books of the traction compa
nies. The Legislature meets in three
weeks, and I believe will immediately
repeal the Allen law. The majority of
the. members of the Legislature are
pledged to this. Whether the Governor
will sign the repeal is another matter.
"The charges made In the Inter-Ocean
that the editors of other Chicago
papers and Mayor Harrison are anar
chists and responsible for the present
high pitch of excitement throughout
the city and country is of a piece with
other wild claims made by Mr. Yerkes.
It is true there has been much wild
talk indulged in by irresponsible ora
tors, and it is to be deplored, but the
people have been driven to frenzy by
the shameless attempt to override their
rights. There should be no appeal to
the passions of a mob to bring about
the defeat of the traction ordinance.
That end can be attained by appeal to
reason and will be."
FATAL FIRE IN-A
BROOKLYN FLAT
Three People Known to Have Met
Death and Four Others Are
Exported Missing.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— By a fire to
night in a flat at 124 Prospect street,
Brooklyn, three people are known to have
met death. Four others are reported
missing. The dead:
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph NobUtt.
Mrs. Mart Stedborn, Noblitt's mother
in-law.
Missing: A. Frank, wife, child and
brother.
The house was occupied by five families
and a boys' club had rooms in the base
ment. It is supposed that in Rome way
the boys accidentally set the place on fire.
The bodies of the Noblltts and Mrs.
Stedborn were found on the fourth floor
after the flames had been extinguished.
Noblitt's body was hanging across the
wlndowslll, burned beyond recognition.
DUC D'ORLEANS IS
SEEKING A DIVORCE
Fact That He Has No Heir the Al
leged Ground for His
Action.
PARIS. Dec. 11— The Due d'Orleans is
said to be seeking a divorce on the ground
that he has no heir. I give the report for
what it is worth, but in royalist circles
the Due d'Orleans is eald to have already
approached the Pope on the matter.
Napoleon's misfortunes, it 'Seems, be
gan with his divorce from Josephine. Will
the Due d'Orleans have better luck?
STEAMER WYOMING STTNX.
Cut Through by the Ice in a Jam
Near Menominee, Mich.
MENOMINEE, Mich., Dec. 11.— The
steamer Wyoming of the Lackawanna
line is sunk in eighteen feet of water off
Peshtigo, having been cut through by the
ice. She was run into shoal water and
lies with her lower deck a foot under the
surface. Her cargo consists of 2500 bar
rels of lime and much general merchan
dise for Green Bay City. The tug
Monarch has gone from Escanaba to her
with steam pumps. The water in the
hold, was lowered several inches to-day.
AMHVRSTBURG, Ontario, Dec. 11.—
There was a solid jam of Ice at the
mouth of the Detroit River, and no boats
got through to-day, though a number
passed out into the lake this morning.
Ten steamers are in Bight off Colchester,
all fast in the ice.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
ACCEPTED A BRIBE
SUPERVISOR C. W. GARRETT OF FRESNO.
Supervisor Garrett was arrested at Fresno- on Wednesday of last week
on an indictment returned by the Grand Jury. He is charged with having
taken $150 from the agent of a firm which sold a road sprinkler to the county
for $900. Garrett admits having received the money, but declares it was a
loan and that he already has paid back $40.
DISPUTED POINTS
LEFT UNSETTLED
Anglo American Com
mission to Adjourn.
WILL REASSEMBLE IN MARCH
TREATY MAY THEN BE RATI
FIED BY CONGRESS.
Canadian Members Given to Under
stand That the Tariff on Lum
ber Will Not Be Re
moved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 11.— It Is re
ported in official circles here to-day
that the Anglo-American Joint high !
commission having under consideration
the questions in dispute between Can- '
ada and the United States will adjourn
on Thursday next, to resume its sit- ;
tings next March after the expiration |
of the present Congress, when a special ;
session of the United States Congress,
then under Republican control, will be
called to ratify a treaty.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— It has been |
agreed by the high joint commissions j
of Americans and Canadians, which has
been in session here several weeks, to
adjourn at an early date. This has not
yet been formally announced, but it is
understood that the day fixed fc-r ad
journment is December 20. On the
evening of December IS* the Canadians
will give a banquet to which the Amer
icans will be invited.
The understanding is that the ses- j
sions will not be resumed until after i
March 4 next, when the American Com
missioners, who are members of the
House and Senate, will have leisure tv
devote to the negotiations. Whether j
the sessions will be resumed at Quebec, |
where they were begun, t/r in this city
has not been stated.
The decision to adjourn has grown
out of the developments of the past j
week. While there are several proto- j
cols in the proposed treaty, notably the
Bering Sea, the North Atlantic fisher
ies, reciprocity and 1 questions affecting
the great lakes, reciprocity is the one
great subject in which the Canadians
are interested. Last week the High
Commissioners came nearer than they
have ever been before to the discussion
of that subject. The Canadians had
submitted proposals, and on Wednes
day the Americans submitted counter
proposals. These counter - proposals |
showed that the Americans were dis
posed to be very unyielding, and ihat
much smaller concessions would really
be made than had been expected. The
negotiations of last week also con
vinced the Canadians that free lumber,
a consummation they and all their peo
ple have devoutly wished for. was im
possible. The American Commission
ers not only told the Canadians so, but
the latter were invited to the Capitol,
and while there met several prominent
members of the House and Senate, who
impressed the fact still more firmly
upon them. It Is said that the Amer
icans have agreed to a small reduction
of the duty on live animals and have
intimated that they may agree to a
small reduction in the duty on lumber,
now 52 per thousand. The Canadians
had hoped for much larger concessions.
This condition of things and the ap
parent impossibility of reaching an
agreement before Christmas are said to
have led to the decision for an adjourn
ment. The Senate may be called in ses
sion after March 4 to transact business,
when there would be ample time to
present any treaty that may have been
framed with Canada. At present the
outlook for an agreement is not bright.
STOLEN GOODS IN
AN ACTRESS' TRUNK
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 11.— At the conclusion
of the performance at the Grand Opera
House last night. Miss Catherine Camp
bell, an actress of considerable note, was
arrested by detectives at the instance of
the St. Nicholas Hotel management, she
being accused of systematic robbery.
She was taken to her room in the hotel,
where her trunks were found to contain
chinaware, table linen and silverware be
longing to the hotel.
Miss Campbell broke down and con
fessed that she had taken the property
and had packed it in her trunks and was
preparing to move from the hotel. She
begged to be released, offering diamonds
and money, but Manager Chapman of the
hotel was obdurate. Wrapped in paper
were three tiew napkins recently bought
by the hotel. The package, which had
the appearance of being ready for mail
ing, was addressed to Mrs. Grooms of
Indianapolis, Ind.
Miss Campbell is detained at the Four
Courts pending trial, and declares she
will commit Buicide if convicted- ,
INDEBTEDNESS OF
PACIFIC ROADS
Government Preparing
to Foreclose.
GRIGGS AT WORK ON PAPERS
ACTUAL PROCEEDINGS MAY NOT
BE NECESSARY.
Central and Western Companies Like
ly to Submit Satisfactory Prop
ositions Within Time
Limit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Although five months have
passed of the twelve allowed the Cen
tral and Western Pacific Railroad com
panies by Congress to settle their in-
debtedness to the Government no defi
nite proposition has been received from
the companies. Until such a proposi
tion is received or the time limit ex
pires nothing can be done by the ad
ministration; but it is proposed by the
Attorney General immediately upon the
expiration of the period allowed to
foreclose all liens now held by the
United States against the companies
and to collect the indebtedness.
In view, however, of the advantage
to the companies of submitting satis
factory propositions it is believed fore
closure proceedings will not be neces
sary. Attorney General Griggs began
last spring the preparation of papers
to foreclose the Government's lien. Be
fore they were completed Congress
created the Secretaries of the Treasury
and the Interior and the Attorney
General a commission with full power
to settle the indebtedness to the Gov
ernment of the Central Pacific and
Western Pacific companies.
The principal of the Central Pacific
debt amounts to $25,885,120 and the in
terest to $36,636,163 98, making a total
of $62,521,283 98. There is due from the
United States on judgment and allowed
claims and on bond 3 and uninvested
cash in sinking fund $8,999,609 28, leav
ing due the Government $53..>21,6<4 iO.
The balance due from the Western Pa
cific is $5,415,409 94.
SACRAMENTO BURGLARIES.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 11.— Burglars last
night entered the store of Albert Elkus
on J street and attempted to break open
the safe. They got through the outer
door by breaking off the combination lock,
and could easily have completed the job,
but for some reason abandoned U. There
was no money in the safe.
To-night, while Lewis Wagner and fam
ily were at church, their house was en
tered. The family's return drove the
burglar away before he had obtained any
thing.
Wwi^xx^ " We Cut the Prioes "- th? ualitiss or Wim^K
/ / ll^^^i Prescriptions Filled at the Eight Prices. fl^^^^T*
■ f^f^.' the OWL'S ANNUAL ij^.
i^ i^ 15 £? fi^P*
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY), I W
Ml A HANDSOME DOLL 1 M
kt»sct m to evert lady purchaser at our w f#lw^
WHSC^H LARGE ESTABLISHMENT. WHETHER B i |Pi
■pEigCTy^: H At the prenent time our store Is full of ap- pjl (Uj|^^jtr
TSiSP.T H proprlate shifts at appropriate prices. Albums. 3 V^Kff^\
JBrJfc-jB ' Leather Goods, Dressing Cases, Shaving Cases. ■ f qlj\ —^
TVi»ifcJ M Stationery Sachet Powders, Perfumes, Toilet & Tlo.o.cof
►;■ Tf«CT 1 Articles— ln fact, hundreds of -dainty Xmaa I •«.
■^.1 v-; 'THE OWL DRUG COMPANY, - m'Jjgffi
JsP|kl 1128 Market Street, 1//^^^
''W'TThA "ffl BETWEEN MASON AND TAYLOR STS., aIDI
vVjftu^H TO OUR COUNTRY FRIENDS. I
gjgff J^->-^ H ' .A Doll will be Included In ever>" shipment of Eg r*J
-' -JTi 'B goods to the country on orders received by us JSj PfE?
W«lr H • December 12, 1835. NO DOLLS WILL BE ■■ Jjr^b
-4p^- ™ SENT BY M.AII» . ' "
ENGINE CRUSHES
INTO PULLMAN
Disaster on the Oregon*
Railway.
FOUR PASSENGERS INJURED
ONE OF THEM JAY ADAMS OB 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fast Mail, Compelled to Stop by *
Horse on the Track, Is Run Into
by a Freight That Is
Following.
Sriecial Dispatch to The Call.
PENDLETON, Or., Dec. 11.— A rear
end collision occurred this morning on
the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company's main lines, seventeen miles .
east of here, between the west-bound
fast mail and freight train No. 21.
Four persons were seriously, but not
fatally injured. The injured are:
Jay Adams of San Francisco, general
agent of the Nickel Plate Railroad, cut
and scalded.
David Felger of Manunk, HI., cut
about head and scalded.
Louis Plechner, traveling salesman
of Guiterman Bros., St. Paul, slightly
cut and scalded.
Fireman Harry Burrows of the
feirght train, cut on the forehead.
The passenger train stopped near
Cayuse Station to remove a horsa
which had been caught in a cattle
guard. A brakeman was sent back
to flag the freight train, which
was following, but before the freight
engineer could stop his heavy train it
crashed into the Pullman sleeper. The
Pullman was crushed to splinters and
several freight cars were piled up in
the ditch.
There were nine passengers In the
Pullman, but all escaped injury except
those named. Felger, Adams and
Plechner, the passengers who were in
jured, were dressing at the time of tha
accident. The steam pipes of the
engine burst and the escaping steam
scaled the three injured men.
CANAL BILL MAY
COME UP TO-DAY
Morgan Hopes to Secure
Action.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 11.— The course
of proceedings In the Senate this week
will depend upon the disposition that is
made of the Nicaragua canal bill. It is
Senator Morgan's intention to call up
this measure Monday, and he has ex
pressed the hope that he will secure ac
tion at the Monday session. Few of his
most sanguine co-workers agree with
him in this opinion and the best Indica
tion is that unless an agreement can
be reached for postponement, several
days at least will be consumed in its
consideration. The opponents of the
measure will meet its supporters with
a proposition to defer consideration un
til after the Christmas holidays, and
they will give as their reason for this
request the fact that the report of the
Government Commission appointed to
investigate the feasibility of the canal
has not yet been made, urging the im
portance of receiving the information
which the commission will be able to
furnish before acting upon so impor
tant a question. If the bill be taken
up in earnest it will consume the great
er portion of the Senate's time until
finally disposed of.
Beyond the first three days there is
no programme manned out for the
House this week. To-morrow will be
devoted, under the rules, to the con
sideration of business relating to the
District of Columbia and on Tuesday
the District of Columbia approbation
bill will be taken up. This is in pursu
ance of the determination of thp lead
ers to give the appreciation bills the
right of way whenever one is ready.
There is nothing in the district bill this
year to attract opposition, and, unless
the unexpected happens, the bill ought
to pass on Tuesday or Wednesday at
the latest. The appropriation sub-com
mittee on pensions will commence work
on the pension appropriation bill to
morrow, but it can hardily be ready be
fore next week. It is confidently ex
pected, however, that the bill will be
passed before the holidays.
Was Only Surviving Member.
NILES, Mirh., Dec. 11.— James Shaw,
the only surviving member of the State
Legislature of 1847. when Detroit was the
Capitol of Michigan, died last night, aged
86.REFUSE TO
DINE WITH
AMERICANS
Dons Fear Sentiment
at Madrid.
FRIENDLY CALLS EXCHANGED
ADDITIONAL DETAILS OF TEXT
OF THE PEACE TREATY.
The United States to Pay for the Re
patriation of the Spanish Troops
From All of th«
Colonies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 11.— The United States
Peace Commissioners rested to-day af
ter the long strain of daily conferences
and almost daily sessions with the
Spaniards, the intensity of which they
hardly realized until it was over. Warm
personal friendships and mutual re
gard have arisen between the two
commissions as the result of their ex
tended controversy at close quarters.
To-day several members of both com
missions exchanged calls. The Amer
ican Commissioners unofficially inform
ed the Spaniards they would be glad
to have the two commissions dine to
gether. The reply, which, like the in
vitation, was conveyed diplomatically
through a third party, was that the
Spaniards would be most pleased, but
K-ared it would be inadvisable because
it might be misconstrued at Madrid,
\\ here already much feeling existed
against the Spanish Commissioners.
Several members of the United States
Commission were inclined at first to
publish the text of the treaty, but Sen
ator Frye made a strong plea yesterday
tor the observance of courtesy toward
the United States Senate and his ar
guments prevailed.
Further details, however, have been
learned as to the wording of the treaty,
which provides that Cuba is to be re
linquished and that Porto Rico and the
i'hilippines are to be ceded. The Amer
icans are to pay for the repatriation of
the Spanish troops from all the colonies.
The Spaniards are to return ail pris
oners held by them. They are to re
tain possession of all military stores
and munitions of war in the Philip
pines and of such ships as have not
t>< en captured.
The commercial treaties between the
two nations which the war ruptured
aiv to be renewed at the convenience ot
the two nations.
The United States Commissioners
have been almost overwhelmed with
offers of dinners in England, prompted
by the desire of prominent Englishmen
to emphasize the Anglo-American en
tente, but they will remain in Paris un
til the day before sailing for the United
States. They will make formal calls
upon President Faure and high officials
lifre to thank them for official hospitali
ties. Unofficial hospitality to the United
States Commissioners has been osten
tatiously lacking in Paris.
MADRID, Dec. 11.— The Government
entirely approves the memorandum of
st against the action of the United
States Commissioners filed by Senor
.Aiontero Rios at Paris.
El Liberal says: "The Paris negotia
tions offer a far sadder spectacle than
the ships which are bringing back our
repatriated soldiers, deplorable as the
condition of the latter is."
The Cabinet, it is said, will meet the
Cortes Intact, and Senor Sagasta will
ask an indemnity bill for the cession of
the Philippines.
The Cabinet will then declare, as It
finds itself at a crisis, it cannot admit
any debate and will, therefore, demand
the immediate adoption of the bill, af
ter which Senor Sagasta will submit
the question of confidence to the Queen
Regent.
El Heraldo says the Government be
lieves that, in the present circum
stances, the holders of the Philippine
debt will accept the arrangement ar
rived at and considers the Cuban bond
holders should demand of the future
Government of Cuba, a fulfillment of
the contract by claiming a mortgage
on the customs which guarantee the
debt.
The memorandum protests against
the refusal of the Americans to sur
render the securities deposited in the
treasuries of Cuba and Porto Rico by
private Spaniards, remarking that
"never has a civilized nation commit
ted such an act of violence."
Secondly, it protests against the ulti
matum demanding the Philippines.
Thirdly, it prc/tests against the posi
tion in which those Spaniards are
placed who desire to remain in Cuba.
Fourthly, it protests against the ref
erence to the destruction of the Maine
In President McKlnley's message to the
United States Congress. On this point
the memorandum says:
"Spain has proposed arbitration, but
the United States refuses to give her
the right which is granted to a crimi
nal, namely, the right of defending her
self. The Spanish Commissioners leave
the care of fixing the responsibility for
the explosion to the entire world, which
will say whether those are responsible
who desire the truth or those refusing
to seek It"
The newspapers generally express re
lief at the signing of the treaty. The
Independent organs, most of the pro
vincial papers and the Carlist and Re
publican Journals attack both political
parties. Conservative and Liberal, re
proaching them equally with having
brought the country to the present
pass.
El Imparclal alone publishes the con
tents of the treaty, which produces a
less unfavorable impression than had
been f-xpor-ted, owing to the commer
cial and other concessions to Spain.
WILLIAM MEETS THE
REICHSTAG PRESIDENTS
The Emperor Discusses the Eventual
ity of a Serious Anglo-French
Conflict.
RERLfN, Dec. 11.— Emperor William to
day received the recently elected Presi
dents of the Reichstag. In the course of
a general conversation he said that, al
though Germany was on a peaceful and
friendly footing with all the powers, the
International situation required great at
tention, "as, indeed, every - layman can
see for himself."
Therefore, his Majesty urged, it was
necessary to carry out the proposed com
pletion and perfecting of the army.
"What I propose," he remarked, "is cer
tainly not much, but consideration for the
tax-paying capacity of the country would
not permit more to be proposed "
LONDON, Dec. 12.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily News Bays: "I
have not been able to procure an authen
tic record of Emperor William's conver
sation with the Reichstag officials, but I
have reason to believe that it covered a
large field in foreign politics. The Em
peror, I understand, discussed the even
tuality of a serious Anglo-French conflict,
expressing the opinion that England was
In earnest and was pursuing her political
objects with unusual tenacity, as the
United States did before the late war."
FIERCE FIGHTING
ON PANAY ISLAND
Natives Clam) a Victory, but SpaQ
iards Report a Slaughter
of losurgents.
MANILA Dec. 11.— According to reliable advices received from
Hollo, capital of the Island of Panay, In the Vizcayas proup.
the Insurgents attacked lloilo on the nieht of December 1. and
captured all the Spanish trenches except one. They then noti
fied General Rios to remove the women and children and
threatened to ren< j the attack the following night.
When these advices left Hollo, General Rios was expecting: re
inforcements and field sruns. and the plan was for the Spanish gn^
boats to shell the town if the Insurgents effected an entrance. Tl^
foreign residents were greatly alarmed, and all merchantmen have
been ordered outside the harbor in order to allow the gunboats to
operate. Meanwhile, the Spanish authorities have been advised that
the Tulisanos troops are looting, in disobedience to orders, and cannot
be restrained.
On the other hand, the Spanish transport Isla de Luzon reports
that the insurgents around lloilo were repulsed with great slaughter
on December 6, while attempting to storm the last entrenchment.
According to this story 500 insurgents were killed or wounded by
the machine guns.
GOOD GOVERNMENT DEMANDED AT DETROIT.
D^f'f 11 ; Dec. "-"The resignation of Police Commissioner
Ralph Phelps Jr. was demanded to-day at a mass meeting of repre
sentative citizens, held in one of the leading churches. This action is
the direct result of recent agitation toward the enforcement of law and
abolishing of vice by the Good Government League of Detroit and others
Phelps is charged among other things, with being on fifteen liquor bonds
prior to his appointment as Commissioner, when the law expressly provides
that no one shall sign more than two, and with not being released from the
bonds after his appointment, with absenting himself from this city for al
most a year while Police Commissioner after having accepted the responsi
bilities of office and with not being In full sympathy with the enforcement
of laws. 7 WUh the enforcem ent
The Good Government League sprang Into existence at the last election
and took a prominent part in it. A few weeks ago several local divines com
menced a crusade against so-called "stall saloons" and have been since wag
ing relentless war upon them and other forms of vice as well This mass
meeting of to-day, which embraced In the audience a number of the city's
prominent business men and politicians, partook of the nature of a com
bining of the forces of the Good Government League and all the others who
are active in the present movement for the enforcement of laws and preven
tion of vice. The members of the league say that to-day's action is merely
a starter, and that unless a change is made in the policy of other city offi
cers more charges and demands of resignation will follow.
RALLY OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 11.-The annual convention of the American
Federation of Labor will be called to order at 9 o'clock Monday
morning. There will be a full attendance of delegates, according
to the present outlook, 'and an important meeting is looked for by the lead
ers. Delegates are here from all parts of the country; they have been ar
riving since Friday and the last delegation will not be here until to-morrow
morning.
President Samuel Gompers was the life of all groups. The so-called
fight on Gompers' re-election has not yet developed. On the surface there
appears to be no material opposition to him. Gompers refuses to discuss
his re-election. "That rests with the party of the second part," he said
to a reporter. "If lam elected I want to enter upon my duties untram
meled by pledges, so that I may do for my chosen people what I think the
interests of labor demands."
Gompers refuses to say what the probable action of the convention
will be in regard to the Socialist pronunciamento, which some delegates
will demand, or what will be the outcome of the fight in the convention for
the indorsement of free silver. "In the past we have defeated the So
cialists," he said. "And in the past, likewise, we have come out for silver
But since the latter has been made a political issue, the action of the con
vention this year may be different."
FRANCE PREPARING A NAVAL PROGRAMME.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— A Washington special to the Herald says: France
is preparing a naval programme which will soon be submitted to the
Chambers for authorization. Information received at the Navy De
partment indicates that this programme is not as extensive as would seem
to be due to the critical condition of affairs existing between Great Britain
and France, but It is pointed out that no matter how many ships the
French Government might lay down at this time, they would not be com
pleted In time to participate in a war of the near future. Frenchmen
generally, however, thought that the liberal ideas of the Minister of
Marine would cause the recommendation of a much larger programme than
he contemplates.
All told the Minister will ask for two battleships, two cruisers and
thirteen various torpedo-boat destroyers and torpedo boats. The battleships
are to be of 14,500 tons displacement, each will have armor protection over
their whole length and will be provided with coal bunkers distributed
along their sides, which will protect their vitals and give them a large
steaming radii. Their armament will consist of four twelve-inch breech
loading rifles, ten 5.5-inch rapid firing guns and thirty smaller qulck-flre
guns. It Is estimated the battleships will cost £1,200,000 each, the cruisers
£320,000 each, and the destroyers £40,000 each.
POISONED TWO OF HER MANY HUSBANDS.
FERRY, Oklahoma, Dec. 11.— Mrs. Lulu Johnson, 60 years old, has been
indicted by the Grand Jury, charged with the murder of her last two
husbands, Shirley and J. W. Johnson. She had six or seven hus
bands altogether, and has been a widow as many times. The body of John
son was taken up recently, and arsenic was found in the stomach and liver
by Professor Edward Barlow, chemist, from the University of Kansas. Her
next previous husband, Shirley, with whom she lived near Caldwell, Kans.,
died four yeare ago. Professor Barlow has now found Shirley's liver well
preserved by the arsenic in it. Johnson was strong and healthy, but soon
after his marraige he began to have attacks of naseau and headaches, and
finally succumbed after an illness of thirty hours. No doctor was called,
and Mrs. Johnson and her little boy were the only persons present at the
death. Some time after the funeral there was so much gossip among the
neighbors that the body as taken up and examined. Mrs. Johnson's hus
bands were: Leonard, Davis, Humphreys, Parks, Shirley and Johnson.
Her trial was set for Friday.
DEATHS AMONG THE AMERICAN TROOPS AT MANILA.
f \ WASHINGTON. Der. 11.— Major General Otis, commanding at Manila,
Whas made the following report of deaths in his command:
MANILA, Dec. 11.— Following deaths have occurred since last report:
December 3— Amasa J. Hawkins, private, I, Thirteenth Minnesota, small
pox.
December 4.— Harry A. McDowell, private, M, First Colorado, suicide by cut
ting throat.
December s— Frank S. Glover, private, A, First Nebraska, typhoid fever.
December 7— William P. Vance, private, I, Twentieth Kansas, typhoid fever,
on board transport Indiana in Manila Harbor.
December B— Fred J. Norton, private, F, Second Oregon, dysentery; Frank M.
Hibbs, private, A, Second Oregon, dysentery, heart failure.
December 9— Harry G. Hlbbard, corporal, X, Second Oregon, typhoid.
DREYFUS WILL SOON BE RETURNED TO PARIS.
PARIS, Dec. 11. — Le Soir this evening announces the return of Dreyfus
at an early date. It also asserts that the Government formally de
cided upon this course, and has ordered a body of soldiers to be in
readiness to escort him from the port of landing to Paris.
La Llbertad says the temporary release of Colonel Picquart has already
been ordered.
ASHES OF COLUMBUS
WILL BE HONORED
Military and Sacerdotal Ceremonies
Attending Their Departure
From Havana.
HAVANA, Dec. 11.— The ashes of Colum
bus will be transferred with military and
sacerdotal ceremonial to-morrow from tue
Cathedral to the Conde de Vendo, and the
cruiser will sail for Cadiz, convoyed by
two gunboats. .
Great destitution prevails among the la
boring classes in Havana. There has beon
no steady employment since the blockade
began last April, the only food available
being cornmeal. The local authorities can
do nothing more, as their funds are ex
hausted. Doctors, nurses, medical su~-
EHes rice, condensed milk, crackers,
aeon and canned beef are needed at once
and in sufficient quantities for 30,000 peo
ple
The United States transport Roumanfa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 189 S.
with the First North Carolina Regiment
entered port this morning. The regiment
will probably land to-morrow afternoon,
going to the Quemados camp. By the end
of the week probably 5000 American troops
will be encamped at Playa de Mariano
REPRIEVE FOR WARE.
Dying Statement of Jane Yates Ex
onerates the Lieutenant.
LONDON, Dec. 11.— Lieutenant Wark of
the Royal Artillery, who on Thursday last
was sentenced to death on the charge of
\ having murdered Miss Jane Yates of Liv
erpool, a grirl of good family, by conspir
j Ing with her to procure an Illegal opera-
I tlon, which resulted In her death, has
been reprieved. The evidence In the case
tended to show that the girl was solely
responsible. She made a statement before
she died, exonerating Wark, who, after
[ the jury returned a verdict of guilty, pro
tested his Innocence In open court.
ESCAPES SEA
AND GALE, BUT
NOT TO LIVE
Horrible Suffering of
John Hicks.
JUMPS FROM BURNING SHIP
GAINS THii BEACH FIFTEEN
MILES AWAY.
Clad Only in Underclothes He Wan
ders for Days in an. Alaskan
Storm and Dies After Be
ing Found by Indians.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Dec. 5. (by Steam
ship Farallon to Port Townsend. Dec.
11).— John Hicks, the pasenger lost from
the steamer Utopia, while she was afire
off Cape Fanshaw, in Frederick Sound,
on the night of November 17. reached
shore in safety, after a battle with a
heavy sea and icy water that Is almost
incredible. His awful experience is al
most without precedent.
The story comes from S. R. Moon, a
missionary at the Kake Indian vlllaee.
in a letter sent by Indians to Wrancel.
Hicks and two other men occupied a
room next to the captain's. The fire
broke into the room, and they rushed
out in their underclothes. Hicks jumped
into a boat that was hanging over the
side by one rope, the other line hav
ing been burned away. It was cap
sized, and went adrift. There were no
oars. Hicks, by good fortune, got hold
of the boat again in a few minutes.
Sometimes he held to the keel and
sometimes sat astride of it until
pitched into the water.
Thus he battled with an angry sea
for nearly twelve hours, being washed
off every few minutes. Eventually he
drifted ashore on Kupreanoff Island,
near Portage Bay, a distance of about
fifteen miles from the place in Fred
erick Sound where the boat went adrift.
Hicks had no idea where he was. He
was a stranger in a strange land, and
dressed only in his underclothes.
Wringing the water out of them, he set
out to find some habitation, when
there was nowhere a habitation of any
kind within at least 100 miies. The
weather was cold, and the Kale still
howled. The mercury was down to 30
or 40.
Hicks traveled for eight days under
these conditions, crawling in his naked
ness, and with bleeding feet, over bar
nacled rocks and cliffs. At nieht he
buried his feet in wet moss to keep
them warm. In the morning the moss
was frozen. He stood In sea water
to thaw the frost out, the water being
a little warmer than the atmosphere.
He finally gave up in despair, and lay
dov, n to die on the beach, where the
high tide would carry his body away.
He did not want his body torn to pieces
by wild beasts.
Before he lost consciousness he heard
singing. Had the heavens opened and
the voice of a rescuing angel come
down, it would not have been more
astonishing to him. Indians in Alaska
sing to keep themselves warm. It has
a peculiar stimulating effect upon the
circulation and vital organs.
He stood up and saw a canoe laden
with Indians coming around a point.
They took him with them into camp,
and provided him with blankets and
food. His feet were badly frozen.
The Indians took him to the Kake
village. There he was cared for by
Missionary Moon, but soon after being
put to bed lost consciousness. He was
sent to Wrangel in a canoe In care of
Indians, for that was the best thine:
to do under the circumstances, but he
died on the way, and the Indians buried
him on the beach, where his grave was
marked.
Hicks believed that the Utopia was
destroyed by fire, and that he was the
only survivor. He was tall, dark and
about 26 years of age. He gave his
mother's name as Lizzie Hicks, and her
residence Tacoma, Wash.
To-night a crew arrived on the Cot
tage City for the Utopia, and she will
leave for the Sound as soon as she can
be beached and the propeller attached.
TO DAWSON WITH A
HORSE IN WINTER
Two Alaskan Prospectors Start With
a Pony to -laul Their
Outfits.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 11.— The
steamer Farralon arrived from Skag
uay, Alaska, to-night, with the follow
ing news:
The first attempt to reach Dawaon In
winter with a horse was made on De
cember 4 from Skaguay by Joseph
Reilly and Joseph Achenbach, old min
ers and prospectors. Their pony weighs
600 pounds and their outfit consists of
two sleighs and 1070 pounds of provi
sions and clothing. They expect to
reach Dawson In thirty days.
The United States Court is in session
at Juneau and the docket shows the
largest number of criminal cases since
the organization of that district of
Alaska. The Grand Jury is still turn
ing out indictments, principally cases
of selling liquor to Indians. The court
has taken up the matter of suppressing
witchcraft practiced among the In
dians, who are very superstitious. When
one of the tribe becomes sick with
some disease which the shaman or doc
tor is unable to cure he pronounces the
patient bewitched. Then the relatives
of the sick Indian will accuse one of
the tribe of witchcraft. This accusa
tion is equivalent to a death sentence,
as the accused is immediately tortured
to death.
United States District Judge John
son in his charge to the Grand Jury
asked for a patient inquiry into the of
fenses growing out of the superstition.
The steamer Utopia, which escaped
destruction by flre on November 17,
in Alaskan waters, and was afterward
seriously battered by an Alaskan bliz
zard, has been partially repaired at
Juneau and is now on her way down.
The first United States mail for Tan
nana River left Dyea, December 5, in
charge of Alfred I. Smith. He has two
dog teams of seven dogs each. The
weight of the mail exceeds 1000 pounds.
BOYCOTT THREATENED.
Publisher of Two Chicago Papers Re
fuses to Unionize His Office.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— Victor F. Lawson,
publisher of the Morning Record and
Evening News, refuses to unionize his of
fice. A committee of union men will wait
upon him again in the morning. If he
persists in the refusal a boycott of both
publications will be declared. As the
Publishers" Association, which won its
fight in July against the stereotypers, has
been weakened by the withdrawal of the
Inter-Ocean, no concerted action can bo
taken to aid Lawson.
GREAT HAVOC WROUGHT TO
THE PLATES AND INTERIOR
Battleship Massachusetts More Seriously Injured
by StriKJog a Reef Than Was at
pirst Supposed,
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— It was Impossible to ascertain yesterday the full extent of the Injuries re
ceived by the battle-ship Massachusetts, which struck a reef or sunken obstruction near Diamond Reef,
off Castle William, Governors Island, on Saturday while on her way from the navy yard to the naval
anchorage off Tompkinsville, Staten Island. It was found, however, that the damage wrought was consid
erably greater than was at first supposed, and it is believed fully ninety days will be required to put the
vessel in condition to go to sea. even If she is not vitally hurt.
The big vessel now lies at the old coal dock at the navy yard, and the crew was kept busy through
out the day discharging the ammunition preparatory to putting her into the drydoek. A gang of yard
workmen, assisted by a portion of the ship's crew, worked all Sunday examining the interior of the ves
sel's hull and putting her in condition for floating to the dock. A diver was sent down this morninsr.
but the keel being buried in the soft mud at the time prevented a thorough examination. Unusual reti
cence was observed by Captain Ludlow and the officers of the Massachusetts, as well as by Admiral
Bunce, the commandant of the yard, and Chief Naval Constructor Bowles. It was learned, however, from
several members of the crew that in crashing upon the reef or sunken obstruction in the harbor the bis:
vessel had her hull plates on the port side smashed in for a distance of at least fifty feet and havoc was
wrought in her interior.
CONFIRMATION AT
ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH
FIVE HUNDRED CHILDREN RE
CEIVE THE SACRAMENT.
Eloquent Address by Archbishop
Riordan — First Communion Ad
ministered in the Morning.
After months of assiduous application
and careful direction in the fundamental
principles of the Catholic religion, the
sacrament of confirmation was solemnly
administered to a class of over 500 boys
and girls yesterday afternoon at St. Jo
seph's Church by Archbishop Riordan.
The ceremony began promptly at 4 o'clock
and was both impressive and Inspiring.
It was an interesting and solemn specta
cle to view the procession of girls, robed
in immaculate white costumes, with the
■white veils indicative of parity hiding
their countenances, followed by the young
men and boys, wearing the confirmation
badge. The procession slowly wended its
way from the assembly hall of the mon
astery on Howard street down Tenth to
the entrance to the church.
The ma4n aisles of the church were de
voted to those about to be confirmed. The
surrounding aisles, and, in fact, every
available space in the entire edifice, was
crowded with people from all sections of
the city and by the parents and friends of
the children confirmed.
Immediately after the administration
of the sacrament the total abstinence
: pledge, conditional upon membership in
I the League of the Cross, was taken by
all the boys, with but fow exceptions.
! The prayers were read from the altar
I and the various conditions under which
! the pledge was taken were first read b,y
the Archbis'nop and afterward repeated
by those willing to abstain from the evils
j of ririnking until the age of 21 years.
The following is a complete list of those
confirmed:
Mary Imelda Corbett, Hazel Marie Downey,
iifSS^ji Announcements for 189-9 1
f®js& \^ <h tot^i Arrangemements have been made as heretofore with the most eminent r-<
W&W Us-s^ '§* raisi authors and illustrators of the day for contributions to HARPER'S - jtf)
§$H? H *£i. «3 Egg! MAGAZINE during 1899, which will make this periodical of cxtraordi- fer
Ural A'Q&i" Jr *^1 nary value and interest t0 every one. One of the leading features wMI be jQ
IwJ A History of the Spanish War I
l?^^L .JS& W&L covering all the important events leading up to the war and during the war lej?
HmlaHsLg-! '"official k®J Itself. This will be without doubt the most valuable contribution to the jSQ
Kl^^pffifflEfS^^^^^ histories of the world, and will be fully, even profusely, illustrated, of a xss.
E^MC^f^^^^^^^ra comprehensive, political, and narrative nature, and especially written gU
EHSPSffiggf By HON. HENRY CABOT, LODGE - S
United States Senator, and member of the Foreign Relations Committee, j£)
wßrSjy /(x^vt 1 *!. T^iix a position that has qualified him more than any one else for the task. Xj£?
Ftffisr DMlifP \ yEs Mr. Lodge will leave no stone unturned In his efforts to present to his 23<
PUT ll§*W'i^\ w&m readers an accurate, unbiased account of the late war from start to finish. SI
BJt V< wl serial stories *
|g| A\ 5c Us will be a strong feature of the MAGAZINE during 1899. Three famous !fift
«S - \ \\\ IMB authors have contributed their latest works for the benefit of its readers. &£
SL"'^^»i Their Silver -Wedding Journey g
|^^A^^^g , By WILLIAM DEAN HO WELLS " '-»
B^^^im^i^^MßSP^l will afford pleasure and enjoyment to the reader. It is a story of Europe £2
l^^^m^Wß^Bi^feM revisited after twenty -five years, and it is enlivened by a love theme. jQ
THE PRINCESS XENIA A SPANISH WAR STORY gj
f^MW^^^^r?^WS^^i By H. B. Marriott Watson By John Fox, Jr. W
Iw^^PN^lH ARTICLES ON THE WAR .gj
iif l !|^iK NAVAL LESSONS. OF THE WAR ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S FLEET . »
m£ *^V- » By H. W. Wilson By Lirut. S. R. Staunton, U. S. JV.
Pi %~^-3 THE BATTLE OF MANILA BAY THE RESCUE OF THE WIXSLO IF |S
«Sl >^~T^$C "■ Jil ByJ.M.EUicott,U.S.N. By Lieut. E.E.Mead, U.S. R.C.S. ■&
■'< 1 >^\ : J^» Other articles about the war, equally Interesting, will appear from month »
PH^ v-V/T JsB^ to month, all of which will be illustrated with characteristic artisticness. xg
: SHORT STORIES »
E^^P^Si^^^^^^ A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES THE LOVE OP PARSON LORD S
p^^^^^PWl^^^^ UNDER AN APRIL SKY THE RENTED HOUSE jg
filly «P' a^i§||jV "'Ob t|r .■? Many other stories will be published, fully illustrated, and written by au- jeM
llHf L ■^^^■^^M thors whose names have long.been established as leading writers of fiction. g)
m: n k m The Century's Progress, in Science %
HU St^TN^^S By HENRY SMITH WILLIAMS, M. D. S
wa&k' / f- Kv-^7 imk ' s a valuable series of scientific and readable articles to appear on Biology, j&)
■BmL^V' \\Jfi r Mmm Psychology, Sociology, and their allied subjects. Other important series s^j
y BROTHER JONATHAN'S COLONIES OUR NEW PACIFIC PROSPECT S
; BamH^^S^^^^M By Prof. Albert Bushnell Hart By Charles F. Lummt's '§D
REPUBLICS OF SOUTH AMERICA WHITE MAN'S ASIA _
||3Wyi#fpil&^lEjij HARPER'S MAQAZI.NE, WEEKLY, and BAZAR, Each, One Year, $4 00 S
HW W*st' J^\ Warn HARPER'S MAOAZINE, WEEKLY, and BAZAR, to one address . . One Year, $10 00 Xj^
UM Wfi /-ai X HARPER'S WEEKLY and BAZAR, to one address . . V . . . " 700 -<5^
|5a X^j /XS)L M« HARPER'S MAGAZINE and WEEKLY, to one address . .... . " 00 "£&)
EjSm \• /\ J ' WliH HARPER'S MAGAZINE and BAZAR, to one address . . ;'. / . «V/; 700 £<i
. [||j| -|/VV 7\v\^ fin! Postpaid tn the United Staffs, Canada, and Mexico. ■■'. «'« '
■ : BBrnW \Vl\ JM HARPER'S MAGAZINE, 35 cts. a Copy. Subscription, $4 00 a Year ;§)
Wmk / imm Address HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York, N. Y. §B
Elizabeth Clare Hammerschlag, Katie A«nes
O'Neill, Row Mary Patte, Mary Margaret Sul- i
livan. Nellie Imelda McCarrick. Minnie Kathe
rlno McCabe, Phoebe Cecilia Cussanovich. Te
resa Helena Kelly, Nellie Katherlne Llnehan,
Alice Veronica McMahon, Ruse lmeida Mc-
Donald, Uraie AU.ysia Sharkey, Carrie Teresa
Valencia. Ellen t-..^mp vriider. Rose Eliza
beth Bohan, Minnie Teresa Flanagan, Loretta
Emily Mary Lanthier, Rose Elizabeth Burns,
Mary Inick'.a Gallagher, Clare Cecilia Haa.se,
Mary Gertrude McLaughlln. Josephine Julia
Galloiip, Anna Mary Hulger, Mary Elizabeth
Dupelle, Eva Agnes Broderlck, Louise Agne3
Berton, Mary Clarisse Blakiston. Emma Mary
Cella. Lily Clare Drlscoll, Josephine Cecilia
Fitzgerald, Katie Philomena Fojarty. Marga
ret Cecilia Foley, Mary Agnes Guering, Ella
Mary Hoitz, Katie Agnes Hart, Edna Teresa
Keating, Lily Aloysia Kllng, Frances Kath
erine Keith. Alice Immaculata Dunne, Alice
Serena Kane, Ellen MSnrtdes Flynn, Agnes
Cee'lia Lee. Mary Agnes Pierce. Julia Eliza
beth O'Keefe. Carrie Cecilia Pureell. Stella
Cecilia Parr, Nellie Aloysia Reiterman, Ger
trude Agnes Strobel. Aloyeia J~"<?phine Shea.
Alice Cecilia Thurber, Veronica *;rginla Wren,
Ellen Helen Wilson, Mary Serena Griffin, Min
nie Carmel Vocke, Margaret Cannel'.ta Don
lan, Fannie Agnes Schmidt, Mnry Louise
Xiyrne, Anna Helena Mecke. Adelina Mary
Sirocco, Ahina Veronica Foehrenback, Mary
Ellen O'Connor, Teresa Genevieve Short. Mary
Angeline McLaughlln, Mary Ann Dowling,
.Mary Agnes O'Connor, Rose Mary O'Connor,
Mary Veronica PoohW, Rose Veronica Lar.
thler, Ellen Gen»vieve O'Brien, Wllhelmlne
Madeline Tracy, Mary Madeline Kelly. Eliza
beth Agn°? McKeon. Nellie Patricia I'ura
mlngs. Matilda Josephine Baptist. Anabelle
Angeline Crosby, Katie Mary Smith, Mary
Clare Winters. Josephine Agnes Gosnell, Alice
Veronica Reynolds, A. Baldi, J. Briggs, M.
Rrogan, J. Burns, G. Cain, G. Campbell, C.
Clark, H. Coghlan, P. Cornyn. J. Deasy. R.
Denny, M. Devine, M. Donlan, J. Fitzgerald,
J. Fo'ggarty. H. Gratton, J. Griffin, T. Henry,
G. Hoban. W. Horan, T. Hurley. E. Kcn
nelly, T. Lally. A. McDonnell, H. McElearney,
C. Murphy, S. Murray, D. O'Connell, J.
O'Connor, S. Roche, C. Ryan, G. Sartoriufi. G.
Sheehan, D. Sullivan. L. Sullivan. D. Sweeney,
P. Leonard, E. Walsh, R. Warren, M. Weitner,
J. Bowles, H. Callaghan, D. Corkorey. F.
Oreenan, W. Lyons. J. Madden. C. McGowan,
W. O'Brien. W. O'Shea, E. Simpers, R. Wilson.
C. Musante, J. Fay, A. Elackman. W. Pierce.
J Foley, J. Sharkey, D. Driscoll, M. Alle
eaert, E. Dupulß, F. Brlckley, F. Carney, D.
Garvey, P. O'Brien, F. Keenan, J. Collins,
J Ot's, J. Dolan, J. Linei?ar, W. McDonald. T.
McKeon. D. Britt, J. Doherty, E. Gray, H.
Simpers, E Fleming, G. Schlink, P. yon Oor-
Mtaott, J. Flood. J. Crosby, J. Philips, J.
Casey. J. Barry.
James "Walsh and "Wlliam Taylor acted
as sponsors for the boys, while Miss Au
gusta Kelly and Miss Laura Bohanon
performed the important and necessary
duty for the young ladies.
At the 8 o'clock mass In the morning
the following boys and girls of St. Jo
seph's parish received their first com
munion:
Madge Bolder. Josephine Britt, Mary Brod
erlrk. May Connell. Agnes -Calhoun, Katie
Carolan, Nellie Cfnan, Rose < 'i yrv — Maggie
Hrogan. Katie Dunl^a, Annie Doherty, Kfine
Flood, Gertrude P^nnell. MarKnr?t Guln>'»-,
Nellie Hurley. 'Mary Hurley, Lola Hofmnnn.
Rose Hallahan, Etina Hennerry. Helena John-
Fton, Alice King. Katie Kelly, Mary Kane,
Emily Lalby. May Lynch. Mary Lyons. Rose
Morgan, Anna McKeon, Etta Mc< 'aron, May
McDonald, Agnes. O. Ellerich, Fannie Otis,
Julia O'Regan. Julia O'Connell, Maggie O'Con
nor, Magsie O'JJonnell, Monica O Netll. L;lv
Peters, Margant Ry.-.n. Annie Richards. Alice
Rafferty, Nellie Sweeney, Helena Sullivan. An
gelica Sart.rius, Alvenice Sartorius. Mny
Shannan. Katie Sharkoy. May Tracy, May
Wiliiams, Mattie Williams, Margaret O'Lo-iry.
Mabel Shea, Mny ?harkey, Alice Flaherty.
Maud Pendergast, Jennie Morris, Frances
Foley. Mary Nielan. May McDermntt. T
Murphy, Edna Price, Ada Conlan. Mflinie
Welch. May Kelnan. Katie Callahan, Millie
Holmes. Myrtle Nolan. Alice Brophy, Basel
Xu^ent. Florence Wilkenoon. Madffe Lucter.
Katie Byrnes, Lulu Brown, Katie Trne;\ May
Delury. Aernes C^chran. Lottie O'Nell, Frances
Roghors. May I.iaggat, Mary Gllron, Nellie
Hubbard. Mabel O'Connor. Emily Wilson. Mar
garet Moran. Ethel Allen. Agnes Regan. Elsie
Hall. Katie G.arry. Winetta Dowling. Gertie
Knapp, Maud Sweeney. Acnes Kiernan, M-ry
Byrne, Annie Mecke. Adeline Sirocco. A'vlna
Fehrrnhacher, Katie Rowan, Lettle Kelly, Ger
trude Shortt. Irene Fay. May Lynch, Sad!-
McCann, Mabel Berg, Margaret Welch, Josie
Go«neil.
R. Cahill. M. Coleman. J. Connolly. T. Con
don. P. Cornyn. H. Cooper. P. Deeney, C.
Doherty, V. Duffy, J. Foley. M. Foley. W.
Ford, G. Fiynn. K. Gils.;n. H. Harrington. .T.
Holland. C. Johnston. G. Jone?. F. Linehan. T.
Lydon. E. McCcrker. P. McLav.ghlin. G. Mur
phy. E. Murray. J. O'Neill. E. Peterson. M.
Porter, T. Roach. R. Reynolds, D. Scania n,
E. Shortt. C. Smith. F. Sorrocco. J. Sullivan.
J. Vautrhon. J. Warren. D. Pesrnond. T. Kur
ley, (5. Hofrr.n. G. Ward, F. Holmes, — . O.
CourreßCS, P. Fahy. F. O'Neill. H. Hi!!. G.
Bayre:nher, C. Vocke. N. Black. B. .lames,
F. Igoe. C. OuehrinK. L. Lanthier. C. L»v.-!?r,
E. Corbett. N. Gorman, E. Murphy. A. Saunt
ers. J. FltzeeraM, E. Gleesnn, A. Hnrnn. E.
Smith, E. Peneelly. A. Ryan, T. Sweoppy. D.
TMinn. J. Hennessy, N. Berg-, O. Parle. F.
Tumelty, N. Foley. M. Coll. J. McKeon. T.
Moran. C. Monlhan. G. Norton, F. McDonald,
H. Dwyer. M. Tainter. G. Talnter, E. Dunn,
T. McCarthy. J. Hitman.
A Benefit B:.ll.
A grand entertainment and ball ; was
given last night at the Turk street Tem
ple for the benefit of the literature fund.
under the auspices of the Liberty Branch
and Socialist Band. There was a largo
number of people present, and the danc
ing, which was kept up until a late hour,
was greatly enjoyed.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 12, 1898
. .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager,
PUBLICATION <-i IK I Market and Third SU.. 8. F.
Telephone Mitin IS6S.
HDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 231 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
TUT «AN PRANCIfICO CALL (DAILY AND GUNDAV) U
served by carriers In IMb city and c, , | -founding town*
for 15 cents a week- By moll $6 per year) per montlj
C 5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.... One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OPPICB 90S Broadway
MIW Mini. (HTM' Room IB.S, World nulldlnA
DAVID ALLHN, Advertising Repre»enttitlv«.
>VA6HINGTON (D. C.) OFPICB RlflA" lloano
C C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO 01 IK I- Mnrqu«tt« Duttdtnfl
C. 1.1 (0.-..1 M.|)(.\, SS \.1..r1,.ini;11«,.r« 1 ...| |1»r.
ORANCH <WTKr«» >-.S7 Mootflomery ttreet, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 587 Moye* street, ooen until
6:30 o'clock.. Oil A\cAlllster i>tr«et, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- CIS LarKln street open until 30 o'clocK
1941 MlMton street, open until 10 o'clock- fiS9l Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518
,V cc,,.,, street, open until 9 o'clocK '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock. NW corner wenty -second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California — "t'nole Bob."
Aloarar— "Alabama."
Tlvoll— "The Mascot."
MoitJKOo'e— "Temptation of Money."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chute«— Ctarrllla man, vaudeville and the, mm
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
Butro's Bathn— Swimming.'
Mcchanloo' Pavilion — Charttr Baiaar.
Centurj' Hall, 1211 Putter street— Plane recital Monday
evening.
ins .-.» ii» Track— Races to-day,
Rosenthal— Comlnir in December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butt erfieldi— Monday, December IJ, at 11
o'clock, Art Crockery and Ornaments, -•< II Butter street.
By Kllllp A Co.— We.lneeJay, TVcember H. at 10 :M o'clock,
Euertes, Wayons, eje, at corner Fifteenth and Valencia streets.
By O. H. I'mbsen &Co —Monday, December IS, at 11
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery Bt.
DECEMBER OPENS WELL,
CONTRARY to general expectation the opening
( tof Congress did not exert any unfavorable effect
on the business of the Country, The enterprise
of modern journalism, as usual, anticipated the event,
and the public knew in advance the consensus of
opinion among Congressmen and had a very fair idea
of what the President would say in his message. The
nineteenth century newspaper has revolutionized
many time-honored conditons> It not only exercises
a marked influence on trade, but has simplified even
diplomacy to that degree that Governments arc in
iormed by the press what communications will be pre
sented to them by foreign representatives even before
the representative? themselves have received their in
structons from the home ofhee. Hence the day of
commercial surprises is past, as far as legislation is
concerned. This is aptly expressed by Dun's weekly
review of trade, which says: "The most significant
thing this week has been the entire absence of the
customary nervous fright before or after the meeting
of Congress, the President's message and the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, No one showed the
least alarm, and nobody could find occasion for any.
Money and stock and grain markets moved exactly
a* if the Government was automatic, certain to do or
say no more than the people had already decided and
expected, and so the gradual betterment since October
continues."
Thus far December is making an exceptional record.
There was l phenomenal trade in November, but it
is considered merely a step toward something better.
In December, is&7, the exports were extraordinary,
but we are exceeding them this year. Almost all the
leading industries report a large demand for their
products, both on domestic and foreign account. The
wheat shipments last week were 5,636,000. bushels,
against 4.312,000 for the same week last year. Wintry
weather has stimulated the demand for woolen
goods, and many of the smaller mills have entered
the market as buyers, though prices have shaded
sbout half a cent since the opening of the month.
This is the chill season in the iron and steel trade, yet
the different works report immense orders for their
product, something extraordinary for this time of the
year. As for the retail trade, it is reported exception
ally lively throughout the East. The lumber trade,
as already mentioned, is picking up, and much more
activity is noticed. The other great staples show no
change worthy of note.
Tfco financial statistics of the country continue fa
vorable. The gain in bank clearings last week was
30.6 per cent, and the failures were only 245, against
3x2 tor the same week in 1807. The only city of im
portance to show a loss in '••--- clearing* last week
<uas San Francisco, but a good rain will put us on the
right side of the sheet again.
There seems to be rather more going on \n the
local markets than usual at this time of the year.
Few complaints are heard from any quarter, and,
while capital is shy owing to the lack of rain, general
trade seems to be moving along on satisfactory line*.
Those branches which have been dull are no duller,
and several are picking tip a little, while those which
have been active show no diminution in activity. An
advance of 6 cents per gallon in wine has cheered the
•hearts of those engaged in this important industry.
Sales of wool have been rather better, though the
market is ■still dull. An anticipated decline in hides
has not taken place, and may not Good hops sell
as fast as they arrive, and at fine prices. Livestock
of all descriptions is bringing good figures, though
in one or two counties the cattle are suffering from
insufficient food. Raisins are in steady demand, and
the returns have been good this fall. Dried fruit -con
tinues dull, 'but st present rate of selling there 'win
be no stock on hand when the 1800 crop comes in.
Indeed, several sorts are already practically cleaned
up Provisions are moving of! fairly at long-estab
lished prices. The grain markets are in fair shape,
and, though wheat has ruled weak for some time, the
minor cereals, such as barley, oats . and corn, have
lately advanced somewhat. Dairy products, such as
butter, cheese and eggs, arc selling at high -prices,
and the markets are but indifferently supplied. Gen
eral merchandise exhibits but little change from week
to week, and the wholesalers and jobbers report a
healthy state of trade. In short, the entire field of
commerce looks well, and. as there are no commer
cial casualties of serious importance, the inference is
natural that local trade is on a sound and satisfactory
looting. v .-'.w
believed that San Francisco schools
be closed for lack of funds, owing to the
dishonesty of Directors. San Francisco has the ad
vantage of being civilized. As to the Directors,
.there is a place just across the bay designed for their
reformation- - '
GENERAL ALGERS REPORT.
GENERAL ALGER'S report on the adminis
tration of tlie War Department makes an oc
tavo volume ol 2.U pages, but less than
eighteen pages are occupied by the statements of the
Secretary himself, the rest being taken up by reports
fioni Wioua officer! and by documents relating to
the w.ir and the getter*] business of the department.
Not a line in the report of tlie Secretary refers to
the chai"K rt; made against tlie department. lie evi
dently beiievei the record of the war is itself sufficient
to disprove them, and that they deserve from him no
recognition whatever In this the public will agree
with him, for the switt success ol our arms is a proof
that the wai u...\.u;ird 00 with energy and skill.
General rVlgtr says: H An army of about 250.000
volunteers and recruitl for the regulars was called
IntO existence from cMI life, which, with the regular
army, made a total force of 274,717 men. It was or
ganized, armed and equipped (no supplies being on
hand Othei than tho^e fur the regulars save Spring
field mutkett), alld $0,000 men ol this force were
transported by land and sea to battle-fields in the
ta.OOQ nnles apart, where they won their vic
tories without a single defeat, and all within the pe
riod ol iii days from the declaration ol war to the
signing ol the BTOtOCOL"
Cottcemiafl the mortality in the ranks, of which so
mttCfl wan m:i.le by the sensational press, the Secre
tary says: "The deaths in the army from May i to
crt,r t, including killed, died ot wounds and ol
" re A)io. the smallest death rate recorded ol
any army in history, a most gratifying fact when it is
CO&sidered that over 50,000 of our troops, born and
reared in the temperate rone, were campaigning in
tropical climates, subject to rain and heat almost un
precedented."
No feature of the report is likely to give rise to
more discussion than the recommendation of the
Secretary as to the best means of providing relief for
the Cubans, who are in urgent need of it. He points
ovt \hat the people need employment as well as food,
and to supply both he suggests that it would be a wise
economy on the part of the Government of the United
States to construct a substantial railway the whole
length of the island of Cuba, with branch roads to the
leading cities on the coast.
"Such a road." says the Secretary-, "would cost a
urge HUB, perhaps $-v ..\v..\x\ but it would give em
ployment to the Cttbt, teach them habits of
industry, be an inducement for them to cultivate their
farms, and thus famish supplies for the laborers and
for market when the road is constructed. This, in
vutcly essential to the pacifica
tion and development of that great island. It will
bring its minerals, lumber and sgvicultural products
to market and open up communication with all parts
of the island with thff .".clay. The road
and when it had served its
purpose for the Goveromc ■ or its cost.
If such an improvement t| not made, the Government
will no doubt expend hilly that amount in chanty."
The l iation is well worth the considera
tion of Congress If we are to hold the island and
become responsible for the wtW befog of the people,
the sooner we set them to work the better.
BAILEY MEETS H«S FOES.
ALL the splutter and the roar of those factions
in the Democratic party opposed to the leader
ship of Bailey of Texas have come to nothing.
Mr. Bailey has met them in the Democratic Congres
sional caucus and they are his. Upon a test question
thr vote stood sixty-two Baileyites and thirteen of the
• ion.
I the next v\->r,i;rf<* meets there possibly may
be a better showing made by the opponents of the
young man from Texas, but the complete coilapse of
the fight against him in this Congress does not prom
s*e much. It looks as if the "baby," as they call bin,
will remain ;ic leader of the House as long
as he remains in that bran^ ;■ government The
only way his foes can get fid of him is to elect him
Governor of Texas or join with his friends and send
him to the Senate.
The fight against Bailey was made partly by the
gold men who are opposed to his free silver policy,
but mainly by the annexationists, whose jingo im
perialism he has denounced. If the two factions could
have combined upon a leader they might have made
a stronger fight, b.it an - between them
seems to have been impossible. They went into the
caucus like lambs to the slaughter, and one of their
own number raised the test Question that resulted in
their defeat.
The outcome is only another proof that the
noisiest factions in American politics are not the
strongest. The clamors of the foes of Bailey r<cv?
heard from one side of Art -,t jto the other.
They were uttered from newspapers on the Atlantic
coast and repeated by MWSs»a£ers on the Pacific
They were heard in the South as well as in
the North. They seem, however, to have represented
no political force whatever. Their full strength in the
House could poll only an unlucky thirteen votes..
As Mr. Bailey remarked after the contest was over,
"It must be ptein now to all thinking men that the
stories of serious dmsions in the Democratic party
were the inventions of a few sensational newspapers."
And th«s does the Examiner get another Mack eye
for trying to be too bossy in the house of its friends.
VOTING BY MACHINERY.
BY the report of W. M. Hinton, C B. Morgan
and J. V. Webster, member* of the State Com
mission appointed in 1897 for the purpose of
: examining, testing and investigating voting machines,
i the question of adopting some form of mechanical
I balloting tall be brought before the coming session
of the Legislature, and it is possible that action may
: result from it.
The report gives evidence of a carefnl and exten
'. sive investigation. A considerable number of ma
chines were submitted for examination, and it is no
table that a large proportion of them were by Cali
: fornia inventors. The machines reported upon are
those of C. L. Sturges. J. G. Sweeney, J. B. Ten-ill.
Henry H. Niebur, F. X. St. Louis, Henry Weber,
S. A, Cumrint, T. C. Garrctt, H. A. Clifford, Christ
Christenscn, the Ellis Ballot Machine Company and
the California Voting Machine Company, all of this
State; and the American Ballot Company of Massa
chusetts; the United States Ballot Box, Illinois; the
National Voting Machine and the Standard ; Voting
j Machine of New York. v
A statement of the principles upon which the va
| rious machines are constructed is given. The Com
: mission ers say: 'It has been our purpose in examin
ing machines to study the principles rather than the
execution of the devices, as most of the machines
presented have been imperfectly constructed." It is
added that in the machines manufactured for " use
**many existing and minor faults could and would be
i corrected, but that of the hand-made machine* sub
mitted for /examination only three were made upon a
stale to admit of practical test?.."
It appears that but two of the inventions submitted
to the commission were factory made. These were
TTIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
the "Standard," or the Gillespie patent, and the
'American Ballot Company." or the McTammany
patent. As a consequence the commission is not
able to report upon the cost of the machines except
the two named. It is stated, however, that the price
for factory-made machines would doubtless range
from $250 to $500.
In conclusion the commission says: "By the use
of the machines the cost of conducting an election
would be reduced by the expense for ballots and the
lessened number of election officers employed.
Doubtless it would prove advisable to retain an in
spector, a judge, two register clerks and two poll list
elerk<. As their services would be required for only
h short time after the close of the polls, a reduction
in the amount now paid them could be made — thus in
San FranciscOi where twelve election officers are em
ployed in each precinct at a cost of $10 each, the sav
ings in expenses for officer- ballots, tally sheets, etc.,
would soon cover tlie cost of the machines. #*he
moral pain in the avoidance of mistakes, and the cer
t.mitv of the count, would prove of inestimable value
and would far outweigh all minor considerations."
ONLY three practical courses at the present
time are open to the United States, says
the Commissioner of Navigation in his an
nual report, which has just been submitted to Con
gress. He sets forth tlie three courses as follows:
First— We may retain our laws uncha i, lgmore
national navlsratlon and continue to rely on vessels
under foreign flags for the transportation , of our
exports and Imports.
Second— We may permit foreign-built vessels to
register under the American flag, ship crews abroad
and increase national navigation.
Third—We may extend direct Government aid to
vessels built in the Uuited States and thus increase
both national navigation and i. uional ship-building.
There should be no hesitation on the part of Con
gress in deciding which of such courses to adopt. To
take the first would be to continue paying a heavy
tribute to foreign ship-owners and to leave the Amer
ican merchant marine exposed to the ruinous compe
tition of its subsidised rivals, while the second course
would simply destroy our ship-building industry and
compel our merchants to seek in foreign shipyards
the vessels needed for their commerce.
The argument for the third course is strong and
convincing. The report before us points out that
largely through indifference we have lost the share in
trans- Atlantic navigation which was once ours. The
growing trade of the Pacific is rapidly slipping away
from us. Excluding Hawaii, entries and clearances
from Asia and Oceanica at ports of the (Jailed States
during ISOO amounted to 2^,960 tons American ship
ping, and in 1597 to 'only 2.21,4.}$ tons, while foreign
shipping increased from 431,242 tons to 924,720 tons.
"Foreign na'.i.- n .ncr, ""are
skillfull] ' . r.ent aid to
develop their navigation in the Pacific Toward
steamship lines to the east coast ot Asia alone Great
Britain last year contributed >. . \i; France,
$1,217,000: Germany. $480 - 896), $416.
000; Russia. &jos.<\\\ A 1 - aS.ooo, and Italy
(277,000. The United States paid only §40,000 to
American lines to Asia st regular mail rates. We
have deluded ourselves into the belief that the Pav-ir.c
trade will become ours without taking ordinary pre
cautions to meet cotv.rc: :
As a result of our past neglect to build up a mer
chant marine equal to the needs of the nation we are
row handicapped in the commercial contests of the
world. The present emergency finds us unprepared,
and the Commissioner of Navigation declares that as
it will take at least eighteen months to buiM the ves
sels of over 5000 tons and sixteen knots now needed
to meet the new conditions of the Pacific, "we must
take steps for the qualified admission of foreign ships
to American register in order to enter immediately
into active competition for Asiatic trade."
It thus appears that by reason of neglecting to pro
mote American ship-building we are now to be com
pelled to admit foreign ships to American registry
or suffer a heavy commercial loss. With this exper
ience of the consequences of delay Congress can
hardly fail to agree to the statement of the President,
"It will be conceded that the present situation calls
for legislation that shall be prompt, durable and
liberal"
ThjE EXAMINER'S SCHOOL Of
FORGERY.
I "HE ExMBWM rrdar morning, in carrying
I on its work of criminal education, which has
heretofore embraced murder and lechen 1
plies a horrible dissertation upon the methods and the
results of forgery as s fine art Free schools are
the pride of the United States. The Examiner js a
school, not exactly free, in which every phase of
crime ca-n be studied, both theoretically and practi
ca'.ly. Whether this department of the paper is within
it.i "national policy" its readers, perhaps, can deter
rr.ine.
A marine fireman who had the misfortune to be at
tacked by smallpox has filed a claim for $240, being
the alleged value of the clothes he had, which were
burned. To say the least, he is ungrateful. The
clothes were fall of microbes, and the city can file a
counter claim for having rendered these innocuous.
If a man who snatches a pocketbook, displayed so
ss to tempt him. gets forty years in the penitentiary,
: and a man who has made a lifework of forgery gets
seven years in the same Institution, . the question
arises whether justice is always the presiding genius
of the courts.
j Dealers who plock living turkeys ninft not be sur
j prised if their names pet into print, accompanied ."by
uncomplimentary remarks. Among the best people
new the plucking of turkeys is regarded as properly
a post-mortem affair.
While the citizens of San Francisco are planning a
welcome to the California boys, they seem to forget
the possibility that the War Department may decide
to bring the boys home by way of St. Petersburg.
According to the War Department, of which no
body speaks without respect, the shortest route be
tween San Francisco and Oakland is by way of Port
land, St. Paul, Kansas City, St. Louis and Denver.
There is no doubt bnt the art exhibition of the
Bohemian Clab was a success. Some of th« finest
. gowns of the season were on exhibition there, and,
. indubitably, some of the handsomest women.
Doubtless the Baldwin fire was a godsend to cer
tain people who had reasons for creating the impres
sion that they had great wealth, which they were
about to deliver over to creditors. *
A pugilist who recently fought at Louisville . is
likely to die from the treatment received on that occa
sion. Regret arises from the existence of doubt.
California will never be entirely satisfied it 'Colonel
Smith comes back still a colonel. He has earned pro
motion
-A. - :■ ■ - • ■* "^v. ? — I
. . — . „. .,
THE THREE COURSES.
READING MATTER FOR OUR BOYS.
Well-Fargo Makes a Generous Offer, Which Will
Aid in the Good Work.
THE problem of getting reading matter to the California boys
t Manila grows simpler. As already announced The Call will
(forward free of cost any books, magazines and pamphlets
which may be sent to it for the purpose. The California North
w.-tern Railroad, which covers a wide territory, will receive
shipments of this character, charging nothing, and now the Wells-
Fargo Express Company makes known that from all parts of the
«state it will bring to San Francisco all parcels of literary matter de
siKnrd for the soldiers. There will be no charges, and the only stipu
lation is that the packages shall be directed to the business office of
'" AVhUe r CaHfomians naturally have In mind the boys of the First
Reetment there is a fraternity among the troopers and books sent
to our boys will circulate among the soldiers from a dozen different
I. tp<l go t OM as two leaves cling together. It is believed that this
lTtest offer by Wells-Fargo will result in the receipt of a large quan
titVof liter ituro. Almost every household has it to spare, and the
comfort the donations will be to the home-sick boys is beyond cal
culation.
FABLES WITHOUT MORALS.
Co. .int having been made that a
naval oflteer, under stress of battle had
red profane, he was summoned be
tOrt the Srvrvtary, who. frowning pro
tentously, made great ado. "fcirrah,
thundered the Secretary, "do I under
stand that just before sinking the fleet
of the enemy you Indulged in language
grOM and reprehensible?"
• It ill becomes me," replied the officer,
whose arm was in splints, and who
limped, " to know what may be in your
august mind, but the probability that
1 cussed like hell just before those
blankety-blank Spanish Jumped over
board is passing strong."
"Enough, sir," rejoined the Secretary.
"I wish to establish a chair of pic
turesque and effective profanity.
Therefore have I sent for you."
• • *
Once upon a time a great nation saw
fit to send soldiers to a distant land.
Reaching their destination the soldiers
easily accomplished the subjugation of
the ignorant, and then proceeded to
loot their temples. When reproached
for having snatched altar cloths and
images of great antiquity, the soldiers
had a ready defense. "Is it not meet."
they said, "that idolatry be rebuked?
Also this truck Is worth money at
a junkshop." Straightway concession
was made that cllivization was a great
thing.
• a •
Smitten of love for a Damsel whose
heart was not touched thereby, a Silly
Swain sought a Wise Man and begged
I guidance. "I have in mind," began the
Silly Swain, "to slay the Damsel and
j thereafter to blow out mv own brains.
Is this course the one to be commended
by you. who have garnered the philoso
phy of years?"
"£now, O foolish youth." responded
the Wise Man gravely, shifting a Quid.
"that you ill perceive the duty of the
hour. Harm not the girl, for beshrew
j me if I think her not a Daisy and en
| titled to a meed of praise. As for the
j rest of the plan I find with it no fault."
Then went the Swain about his af
j fairs, nor attempted injury to himself,
inasmuch as he knew from the first
that he had no brains to blow.
• • •
Having shot her husband a young
wife was solicited to reveal her motive.
Naturally resenting- the impertinence
she turned upon the Questioner. "I
perceive," she said, with fin* scorn,
"that you are one of the narrow-mind
ed who would withhold from my timid
and down-trodden sex the rights be
longing to it. Pray, whose husband
would you have had me slay? Besides,
you may observe that I am fair to look
upon and built for touching the hearts
of jurymen. A vaunt. Dullard. I would
practice a courtroom weep."
» • *
After having annexed all the money
he could lay active fingers upon, an
i officeholder essayed to seek distant
parts, ■"For,"' he reasoned with himself,
"the graft is played out." So he went
his way. But the selfish who had
been robbed of him made grievou*
1 moan, so that a sleuth estopped his
flight and brought him back, even tc
j the place of his starting. There was
I he met by throngs, who extended glad
; hands and bade him be of good cheer,
'. for be It known that in the times of
1 this Occurrence a thief was not with
out honor save when he sought to evade
dividing the spoil. Yet was the office
holder not glad, and held himself aloof
as he were a man of sorrows. So they
pressed -upon him for an explanation, I
"Verily, your friendship is sweet, 1 " he .
said with sadness, "and yet you must
admit failure to meet me at the ferry
with a band playing 'Sea, the Conquer- j
ing Hero Comes.' " And they, having
| no defense, departed thence downcast.
* • *
Visiting the East a San Francises
| was asked much concerning the far ;
! Western land of his abode, "Is it true,"'
I asked one, "that the robber bands :
I which once ranged th* primeval hills
j of the Pacific Slope have been snhjQ- \
i gated?"
i "Alas." said the San Franciscan, «-v
labored trader the disadvantage of be~
I ing an honest man. "while it Is true
i that the country has been purged of Its
' ' brigands, in the city we must, confess
to having th© Board of Education."
. • •
His knees trembling us with a. gr»»«j
; dread, a Politician knocked at the Par* |
: tal where St. Peter holds sway.
"What would you?" was asked of
him.
•Of a truth I "would tentt he an*
swered.
'Not in tecoraa-Ticft with *ny rnie
such a* governs jots. It is /tradition
and law that Hats wmjft sot pa^ ti,*,
door."
Astounded a.n.2 T>*irtur>>#<A the r\.
tiei&n *r>usrht to lrwn m-h«r«>{R h#> hJuV
wrought "the wrons: whKih h*»4 >v?os£?it 1
this evil; - :
~roa >«annjrfA tr> ihft
'AIRS.- t»<pi th»> l\il; . . . -nm|t
MMW9 «* dIW "DfA «My m
I feirnt otjt, hm tiifflr*! hA* b««n «?>nvh£:
i . ■
it so hf^n nji*»T » s**ntw t?> >>*>
■ ■ ■
after that he had tumbled, "mayhap I
am a soft thing, for one who deals with
rogues must needs pect gold bricks.
Yet wist ye not that the worm will turn
betimes. Behold me in the act of turn
ing. Woughl" And the lament of him
filled the land with an uproar.
• * •
Having at divers times occupied a
cell, restraining him of his liberty, an
evil-doer made escape and gathered
him together a gTeat fortune, even
many shekels of fine t «old, and houses
and lands and raiment. Then were his
sins forgiven, for the people said: "Be
hold, the man has waxed rich. How
can there be guile in him?" while such
among them as had not been per
suaded held their peace. But in the
fullness of time the evil-doer besought
that they send him to the Senate,
whereupon those who had been silent
vouchsafed demur. "Verily." they de
clared." the man is rotten, and the de
cay of him smiteth the nostril even
as the fish long dead. We will have
none of him. Too, his Ignorance is
mighty, so that he said of the Ostend
manifesto that he deemed it a new
brand of liquor, tha which he had not
yet tried."
•But," pleaded the candidate, "while
it is true that I have no reputation, this
is a manifest advantage, for had I one
now where would it be at the end of the
voting?"
However, despite the force of his
logic, was he trun down, wherea-t was
rejoicing exceeding great.
• • •
In the Southland uprose one of hon
ored name, declaring that a toga would
befit him. "What have you done?" they
asked him ."I have had a father," he
responded confidently, and the point
was deemed so well taken that other
mate were observed straightway to
get a mighty move on.
• •
A builder of ships having launched a
Senatorial boom, was asked what for
tune had attended it.
"My swiftest boat," responded he,
"could not have outdone the boom for
speed. The only difference I could rote
was that the course of the boat wa
, downward."
Thereupon he turned to examination
• of the plans for a new monitor
• • .
A Dark Horse was one day pawlr.g in
his stall and the clamor of his horfs at
tracted the attention of a passerby.
who asked The cause of the comir.
"Kind sir," explained the Dark
Horss. "I am a candidate for the Sen
ate."
"I advise you," counseled the "way
farer, "to say nothing- about it. You are
a fairly respectable horse. Why make
the multitude to think you an ass?"
After having reflected on this -wis
dom the horse went back to his oats.,
and shortly thereafter was seen draw
ing a dray and wholly content.
• a •
Entering th* rooms of & sknied
craftsman, & stranger laid a bTindle on
the counter. "I have her*," he began,
"an article once of value, but so broken
that unless for your deftness in mend
ing it must forever be /useless."
"What is the article?" askeS the
craftsman, aflMilnilll£ to xin-wTap it.
"It is," Quoth the strang-er, " at. ante
election promise."
•I have no art," s&lfl the craftsman
taming- away, "wheretrith to tinder^
take the task. There are matters be
yond human «nrn"tng:. I recommend
that you try prayer." jj. J,
AROUND THE
CORREDORS.
E. B. liana, of New York is at thi» !
Lick. e |
I*. D. TrtiAt <vf JCcv rork ]* & «]«•• *. '
th© CiUif.init*. .]
Arthur G. l^oJce of Ovica«-e is *. raest i
a: the P«.J*c«. *^ v i
R. Smith AJid wlfa, or OhJc&uo, «r* «;
Mr. and Mrs. A. X. 3B?6wn of HdTiolojc
are «. tlift Ctdifttrni*.
1.. A. SpeTiftft. ii Tvr«mln«it attorns of
Prf«irt. is at the 1, .-, |
1. 1. Block tea S. XT. Zeanw of >c«*-
York *r« « the raift^K «»>«■*.
Oar! tor, to«ft fi T! f'» l -s M . T^ T mi^ M -
vtllft. Is a giaa*i ft* xh« Oa-AJii.
!*«-«*<<• ot Saracen, a i&v^.
w«hA.rfi!»st, is a £a«*t at th* 'Citk.
Xx-ttllMft rtwij-, a tne-chftM frcvm
An^' *r* «*%• At the 'OacWe^taS
»mA 3 W«*rA at
i fflj, >«n toiwn AsN>hft?s-jitß, «w at
(h*> <*■•
J^wrih v»t t»Wl>ofi^ ami Xlimiwn Th^ss <X
■ ■ -..^
»Vr- • > OHMNJi *^a r; W , I
Th^tr,^,^ <sr t>»e *t-*»*m*>i;> CKJ <4
«•*> jfe'uJNjt* lit Xhh t»!^V.\
i. • . I;-.- . ■> . ..'t..^
k .',-. .;iv*\;ax* :^^r >;;vW . ■ UK
X«^ i'si^. iV,v 4V»Js*Wi. *J«UM<* <*!
San Francisco is at the Holland; C.
Moore of San Francisco is at the Im
perial; L. Zoebel of Los Angeles Is at the
Vend o me. ______________
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The highest pay of sea-going engineers
in the following navies is: British. $2000;
German, $1500; French, $1475, and United
States, $4400.
The open port of Llban, called Alexander
dock, is ready for use and will be occupied
by the Russian reserve fleet during the
present winter.
The second steam trial of the Russian
battle-ship Petropawiosk resulted in 11,213
horsepower and a speed of 16.38 knots.
The ship was down to a draught of 25
feet 4% inches and displaced IC.BSO tons.
The only new ships to be placed In com
mission in the French navy during the
coming year are the cruisers Guichen.
5277 tons: Protet. 4065 tons: Duncis. tor
pedo gunboat, 895 tons, and the torpedo
boat destroyers Faucouneau and Helle
barde, each of 800 tons.
ILe royalties paid for the use of tht
Belleville boiler in the British navy are
as follows: l».e Powerful, 25.000 horse
power, $26,000; Arrogant of 10,000 horse
power. $10,465, and the Diadem, $17,272 for
16,520 horsepower.
The Russian transport Amur, recently
launched at St. Petersburg, is 2500 tons
displacement and has triple expansion en
gines of 4700 horsepower, which will give
a speed of 174 knots. She carries ter.
steam launches and a number of ordinary
row-boats.
The British cruiser Anfiromache, 11.000
tons and 16.500 horsepower, ended her
coal consumption trial on November 1?.
The ship was down to her normal draught
and under one-fifth boiler power devel
oped SSSS horse power, 69 revolutions and a
speed of 12.9 knots, the coal used being
LJfl pounds per horse power per hour.
Three of the French armored cr. I
' Montcalm, Dupetit-Thouars and Gelion,
are to be of 9517 tons, but the Gloire.
: Conde and Sully will be increased to 10.000
'. tons in order to allow an increase of thick
ress In the armor above the belt and make
;it 5 inches thick. All of the two types
; will have engines of 20,000 horse power and
I a speed of 21 knots.
The Italian naval estimates of $13?,
000.000 have been cut down to |7JttJtt,
and but little progress will be madfl on
r.ew ships at the several dock yards.
The Beneditto at Spezia. Brin at C
mara, and Princippe Elene at Venice are
battle-ships of 13.500 tons. At Ver
the Francesco Ferrucio. an armored
cruiser of MOB tons, and at Ger.c?
torpedo-bcat Concore and a sister boat
are under construction.
Professor Alfred Dietrich died Septem
ber 6 last. He was chief constructor in
the Imperial German Navy and Privy
Councilor of the German Admiralty. He
was born at Pima in I>4S and received a
university education. In I*7o he entered
the navy as an? assistant engineer. and
since IS9O was entrusted with the design
of all the ships In the navy. The total
result of his labor is represented i- mooo
tons displacement ships; 300 ,000 horse pow
er of engines, involving an expenditure cf
$52,500,000. An incident occurred during
Mr. Dietrich's visit to this cocni-
ISS3, which would indicate his imminent
fitness for the responsible position he held.
Passing through the corridors of the
Xavy Department building, where models
of the ships of the new navy are located,
Mr. Dietrich and our chief constructor
stopped before the model of the Indiana.
A sweeping glance revealed to the visitor
the merits and defects of the ship and he
pointed out where the fire of the several
guns would interfere and become dan
gerous to the gun-crews tinder certain
conditions. His criticism proved correct.
for th* defects developed at the gun trials
of the Indiana and had to be made good.
CaL glace fru— 60c per n> at Towcsead's.*
• m •
* Special Information KJjrpHed tally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press dipping Bureau <Al2es's). SlO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Slain IOC •
Two Xatalians cave started walfcinr
from Natal to Paris for lie exhibition.
entirely on land, for a big wager.
"Mrs. Winslo-sr's Soofhir.g Syrup"
Has bp*>r. us?f. mi fifty ~e&rs fey million* o!
3»stliers for their chil&re-n ■wfclle Teetfalns with
perfect success. It soothes the chH£. BnTtens
xhe fruina, *Il»ys Pain, cures "Wine Colic, res
■nlates tie Bowels and If the best remefly for
XKarrhoeas, ■whether arising train teethtnc or
other causes. Fir sale ~by IJruEpistE it. every
I>art of the woria. Be sure and ask for lisa.
■Wlnslow'E Soothlnp Syrup. 3Sc a bottle.
HOTEL TJEXi COROKAUO— Take afivazttas*
o" the roana-trip tickets. Now only WO by
steamship. Including flower, rtars" boorfl ax
hotel; longer star 52 £0 per day. Apply at
4 New Hontpomery street, San Francisco.
France ha? kppt 2C0.0C0 tons of coal
stored at Toulon since IS3S to be ready in
case war shouia break oik
■
\
WRITING DESKS
Are always in demand — always
a satisfactory addition to home
furnishings. Part/cukrty dur-
ing the gift season do they meet
with approval by some remem-
bered friend or relative,
GIFT HUNTERS!
let us shorn you the beautiful
woods we have fashioned into
{<*$*$■ the numberless attrac-
tive designs we display and the
particularly low prices asked,
© !"•«■* FVCNri*C».
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
Radway's
Pills
e £ 1 1*21
ftSwfflß iSS^ILL * Wlll> "' l|> «te«pUM »a
. r r<»v t}>* -x^fm till ah««Wwir% KJ -«» stomiL->
Z?^?'"^**^. .-^l4«wiy». «I*««1»T, JP»n»SrS
t* t ' % **'<?v vv 4 1 l}»». «»>..1 wll «»i«iinK*»fH.nt» of thHUNG HARD
AND FAST ON
ANITA SHOAL
Serious Predicament
of the Webfoot.
STEAMSHIP LINE IN TROUBLE
DISSOLUTION WANTED BY JA
PANESE SHAREHOLDERS.
A New Central American Steamship
Company — Narrow Escape of the
T. H. Anderson From
Destruction.
The schooner Webfoot went on Anita
Fhoal off the Prtsidio yesterday. She
■was on her way to Grays Harbor and
wai Balling out. Below Black Point the
>md died out and In spite of all Captain
1 'onnelly and his crew could do the Web
foot drifted bow on to the shoal. There
hung, hard and fast, but when the
ti:g Monarch offered assistance Captain
l>onnelly refused it, saying the vessel
was in no danger and would get off at
high water. Later one of the ledstack
tugs went down and towed her off.
News from Japan is to the effect that
tome of the shareholders of the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha (Oriental Steamship Com
1 ;iny) are asking for a dissolution of the
< nfern. The company It will be remem
bered, from the exclusive story published
in The Call, has gone into partnership
with the Pacific Mail and O. and O.
steamship companies, each company run
uing three steamers in conjunction be
tween San Francisco, Hawaii. Japan and
China. The Toyo Klsen Kaisha had three i
ir.ers built In England, and one of |
them, the Nippon Maru, will be due here j
January 13 n..xt. The America Maru will |
have Yokohama for San Francisco on
January 36 and the Hongkong Maru on
February is. ..
When the fourth installment on the
shares in these steamers became due
I shares became delinquent and the
holders made a (iemand that the company
wound up. By hard work the prin
cipal owners in the concern succeeded in
getting the call on 10,000 of the shares
: and then proposed to sell the other .
' at auction. This the holders objected |
to mo?t decidedly, as that would mean a j
:hem. They have renewed i
!. mand for the dissolution of the |
* .mpany. and are preparing to fight the
tier in the courts.
The America Maru had her trial trip In
English waters a few days ago and her
Bpeed was IV& knots. She Is a splen-
with a dead weight capa
• >. Pin- is 412 feet long, 50.6
feet bro&d and 32.6 feet deep. She has ac
ci mm <! Minns for 64 first class passen
exclualve of a special suite of rooms,
econd class passengers and over 1000
Chinese. Sh.- has twin screws, inverted
triple condensing enpines. and her cylin
ders are 28% inches and 75 inches, with a
4 v -inch Btroke. They take steam from j
live boilers, four double enders and one
single ender, at a pressure of ISO pounds.
She Is lighted throughout with electricity
and fitted out in the very best style for
comfort. The Nippon Maru and Hong
knng Maru are fitted out in a similar
manner.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
City of Panama arrived from Central
American ports yesterday. Among her
n passengers were Mine. Algeria de
• i Barrios. Clemencia de Relna Bar
and Consuelo de Relna Barrios and
(ruillermo Matrm, Mme. Barrios' private
• tarv. Lieutenant N. M. Howard of
the H. M. S. Pheasant and Lieutenant E.
H. Durrell of the United States ship Phll
■ hia were also passengers. The Pan
bringrs the news that the Pacific
m Navigation Company and the Cia
Sud American de Vapors have completed
arrangements by which a weekly service
i between Valparaiso, Panama and Ocos
will begin at once. It is believed that the
Arequipa has already left Val
paraiso and is expected at Panama on the
17th Inst. This weekly service will carry
merchandise for Europe via the Straits
Of Magellan and will tap all the Central
4 American coffee districts.
The bark Big Bonanza was caught in
the norther while on her way here from
McCLURE'S
MAGAZINE
Has established a reputation for timely and authoritative articles on important ds-
cover es and inventions. We published the iirst authoritative magazine articles on :
The Discovery of the Roentgen Rays, Telegraphy Without
Wires, The Langley Flying Machine, Nansen's Expedition to the
North Pole, etc. During the coming year McCLURE'S MAGAZINE will publish
a number of articles about the
Newest Knowledge
Qna%nn fl ThniKflflf! Mile? Jan Szczepanlk, a young Hungarian
seeing a lllOU»aUU IIIIICS school teacher, has Invented an instru-
ment called The Telectroscop* which transmits a whole picture by telegraph,
bo that it appears to a beholder miles away complete, and even in the natural
colors of the object portrayed. The article will be fully illustrated.
r^niatitrr Ati thP ftrAflti'c Rftttftfll Mr - Simon Lake, inventor of the
LfUlSlOg Oil Hie UWJdll 3 DIHIUUI Lake submarine Boat, has prepared
an interesting article on the successful cruises on the bottom of the. sea. He
has traveled in this way nearly 1200 miles all told— a distance equal to half
way across the Atlantic. Once while at the bottom of the Chesapeake Bay ;
he telephoned with Washington, Baltimore and New York. With illustrations.
A T\t\rinirT(irnc*AftHfMi The "Holland" is a torpedo boat. She sails on the
Al/lTing B urface, goes to the bottom, or makes her way
through the water at any distance between the top and bottom that her cap-
tain chooses. She is the terror of the man-of-war, and is one of the most
remarkable products of mechanical skill. Mr. Franklin Matthews describes
in an article his own strange experience during a submarine trip on the "Hol-
land."
Tlia M«m lif tin n War Ifitfi Thls l8 an article by Captain B. Baden-
ifle Lllling VI dl MIC Powell of the British - army, giving an
account of his own experiments and experiences, which finally resulted in the
triumph of constructing a kite that would lift and carry a man and prom-
ises to develop into an important appliance in warfare. The illustrations show
tho kite flying and the man In the basket lifted far above the tree tops.
TpWrfltlhifHr WtttiAUt WireS We ope t0 P ubllsh >" the coming
leicgrdpUlllg TT llU.Ulll miss months some very interesting matter
on the subject, especially from Mr. W. H. Preece, Engineer in Chief of the
Telegraph Department of the English Postal System, on the latest experi-
ments of the British postal authorities.
ThnM«irvf»lcnf thp^Pfl™ 9 Is an account of the zoological station at Na-
lllwlUdrYGlaUl lllCJCUpieg, where all the animal and vegetable growths
of the Mediterranean Sea- have been gathered, still living. The article will
be fully illustrated, and will be one of the most interesting of the kind that
we have ever published. • v ;=-
Unsolved Problems of AstronomyS'da !a b J b S^S >^ooffi a S?5r
the most eminent of living astronomers. Another article by Professor
Newcomb, combining the same popular and readable qualities with the latest
and most authoritative information, is "How Planets Are Weighed."
Pparv'c AdvatlfP All thp Pfllp Lieutenant Peary is now well up to-
reaiy » Auvanwt; on me IUIC ward the North Pole, conducting a
campaign that gives better promise than any previous expedition of bring-
ing the explorer to the very Pole. Just before sailing he wrote for the Maga-
zine an article describing his equipment and his plans and setting forth his
hopes and his purposes on this expedition, which Is to be continued for years,
if years prove necessary to the accomplishment of its end of finding the
Pole.
Is Now on Sale Everywhere
10 Cents a Copy $1.00 A YEAR
THE S. S. McCLURE CO., New York City. ;
Departurte Bay. The storm came down
on her very suddenly, and before sail
could be shortened tihe upper topsail and
jib were blown away.
The big British tramp steamer Wyefleld
arrived here from Nalnamo, B. C, yester
day with a cargo of 4945 tons of coal. She
is a new vessel, having gone into com
mission this year. She is 2100 tons net
burden, 330 feet long. 45.5 feet broad and
23.8 feet deep. She takes the place of the
Burma in the coal trade, the Burma hav
ing gone to Portland to load wheat for
St. Vincent.
T. H. Anderson, a weigher In the Gib
raltar warehouse, had a narrow escape
from instant death last Saturday night.
He went up in the elevator to get a lad
der and got off at the third story. He
found the ladder, and as it was pitch dark
had to grope his way back to the eleva
tor. He lost his bearings and fell down
the second elevator shaft, which is at
the other end of the building. He was
taken to th© Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where Drs. Fltzgibbons and Scamell
found that he was very badly contused
about the back and arms and that he ia
probably internally Injured. The wonder
is that Anderson was not instantly killed,
a? he fell three stories on to a concrete
pavement.
WILLIS DROPPED.
The High-Wire Walker in a New and
Thrilling Role.
Glen Park was well patronized yester
day by an eager crowd which gathered
to see Professor Willis make his thrilling
leap from the clouds into a net below.
The bills promised all sorts of wonderful
things "a 300 feet descent," "a human
bomb from a clear sky, personified by the
world"s greatest atmospheric performer."
The first disappointment the great and
trusting public experienced was the view
of the drawn wire from which the leaper
was to leap. A few of the spectators
were satisfied that the height from the
wire to the ground was as indicated In
the showbills, but there were others who
did not place such implicit confidence in
the veracity of the promoter's glowing
prospectus, and they came to the scene
of Professor "Willis' downfall armed to
the teeth with barometric instruments
for height ascertainment.
The skeptical won the day, if a column
of mercury means anything. By the
most scientific investigation it was dis
covered that the wire was just 83 feet B^4
inches In a perpendicular line from the
ground. The net which received the pro
fessor was stretched on a frame of stilts
that soared heavenward about twelve
feet.
Before the tumbler did his act he treat
ed the crowd to a few thrills by walking
the wire across Rockydike Gulch. From
his eminence the crowd below did not
recognize him, but when he came to earth
he was discovered to be no other than the
! "canary bird" man of the ocean beach.
! Then a blast of trumpets tore holes in the
j air of the gl<?n and an impresario told the
people that the great show was to begin.
By a rope running through a pulley fas
tened to the wire above "Canary Birds"
was hoisted skyward. Sitting on the
trapeze he slowly reached his altitudinal
limit, the small boys below yelling all the
time about frigid nether extremities. The
great dropper was pretty high up and
there was only one way to come down, so
he hung from the trapeze and dropped.
With bated breath and stiffened hair the
crowd watched his mighty and successful
fall, and then a cheer went up which
shook the sky a few feet above the wire
and the crowd dispersed.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis. New York. •
AMUSEMENTS AND CHRISTIANS
It Is a Necessary Part of Rsligion,
Says Dr. Rader.
Dr. Rader of tha Third Congregational
Church delivered an interesting sermon
last night on "Amusements and Their
Application to Christianity. He said:
That man Is practically dead who has passed
! the dead line of real amusement. Nobody
doubts tlje necessity of relaxation from care or
the need of recreation. But right here the
morality of the world is influenced. 'The
amusements of men help or hinder Christian
ity.
To Christianize amusements is as necessary
as to Christianize industry or politics.
People must be educated up to a full appre
ciation of dignified amusement. That which
caters to the lower self is to be avoided. The
amusement which does not recreate is danger
ous. Then it becomes dissipation. That which
restores the shattered nerve Is Christian. As
sociations make amusements dangerous. Card
playing has a bad reputation for which cards
are not responsible.
Dancing has suffered In the same way. A
large church in Jersey City is making an
effort to redeem dancing by making it Chris
tian. Hence it is being conducted under the
auspices of the church. So Is boxing and other
athletic exercises.
The theater is the most difficult problem In
the world of amuements. The stage Is
very old. Once It stood for art. Now It
represents much that Is not art. The stage, so
far as it represents art, 1* to t>e commended;
so far as it rails below that standard is to be
condemned.
Another dantrer Is In becoming: the victim
of the amusement habit. There are people like
babies who must always have a rattle or a
drum. They are possessed with the habit of
being amused, and that is the way they spend
their lives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
ALMOST ENGULFED
IN SIGHT OF LAND
Narrow Escape of Two Old Sea Captains Who Were Out Off
the Farallones in the Thirty-Foot Sloop Ma Belle
During Friday's Norther.
ONE of the liveliest experiences during the late norther was that of
"Commodore" Charles Baettke and Captain Samuel Lowberg in the
thirty-foot sloop Ma Belle. They were outside from Thursday until
yesterday and on several occasions came near losing the number or
their mess. The Ma Belle is aonsiderably battered and minus some of her
sails, but the men are ready for another trip to the Farallones in her _ at
any time. The commodore was born and brought up on a ship and has
been afloat on the ocean in every kind of craft, from a dingy to a man-of
war. Captain Lowberg was for ten years master of E. C. Benedict's yacht,
Oneida. Last December he took the Emperor of Germany's yacht. Zam
pa, from New York to England, and this year brought the steamer Pro
fessor Morse from New Orleans to San Francisco, so what the two of them
do not know about handling a thirty-footer in a storm is not worth know-
The Ma Belle left Folsom-street wharf last Thursday morning. Beside
the two old salts there were on board Miss Emma Baettke and Mrs. Louis
Engelbrecht, wife of the assistant lightkeeper on the Farallones. Thurs
i:iy afternoon the island was reached and the two women and the mall
were put ashore, but before anything else could be landed the norther
came down. The men managed to run the ••"loop to the Spreckels' buoy un
der the lee of the island, and there they lay all night. At 6 a, m. Friday
the Ma Belle broke adrift, but Captain Lowberg, who was on watch
managed to make her fast again. Three lines broke one after the other
and then they had to put to sea. With the aid of a glass Commodore
Baettke could see his daughter on her knees up in the lighthouse, watch
ing the little boat being made a plaything by the waves. His own danger
did not bother him a bit, but he did feel badly over his child s anxiety.
"From 6 am. the gale grew In fury until the wind must have been
blowing a hundred miles an hour," said the commodore. "Captain
Lowberg and I took watch and watch and in spite of the storm we got
some sleep and something to eat. First of all the gib blew out of the bolt
ropes Next the boom broke and there we were without sail. Then a big
sea came along and smashed in the windows and Lowberg, who was asleep
at the time got a nice ducking. Cold? I tell you it was freezing; and I
can hardly use my hands now. When they got very bad I put them over
the sides into the salt water and that warmed them up. Well, there we
were tossing about like a cork, and for a moment we were at a loss what
to do In order to ease the little boat we threw some of the ballast
overboard and with Borne more of it and a piece of canvas and part of the
broken boom we made a drag. This we put over, and with the assistance
of a storm gib we managed to keep her head to the seas.
"But didn't it blow. I am now over 70 years old and for 60 of them I
have been making my living on the sea, but in all my life I never saw such
weather. I have been a dozen times around Good Hope and as many more
around the Horn and I never saw a worse storm. And we were out In a
cockleshell thirty feet long. We would watch two big seas rise up to
gether and strike each other and then the wind would take the top and cut
it off as clean as a whistle and carry the top away. One minute we
would be down In an abyss and the next we" would be on the crest of a wave
and could see for ten miles around. Of course we had the cockpit cov-.
ered with canvas or else we wouldn't have lived five minutes in the storm.
At 4 D m Friday it moderated and there we were like a duck with a
broken wing We were forty miles northwest of the Farallones and had
to make our way back with makeshift sail. That was why we were so long
setting back home. The coolest man I ever saw In my life was Cap
tain Lowberg and when I go out in the Ma Belle again I want him along."
Commodore Baettlke will have to make another trip to the Farallones
in a day or two In order to bring his daughter home.
WITH SONGS
THAT KINGLY
DAVID SUNG
"Chanucha" in the
Ancient Melodies.
FOURTH NIGHT OF THE FEAST
LECTURE ON JEWISH HISTORY
BY JULIUS KAHN.
A Denunciation of Reform Judaism
by L. L, Solomon at Temple
Beth Menachim
Streisand.
The Chanucha services were celebrated
'■ at the Temple Beth Menachim Streisand
at 335 Minna street last evening, with the
ancient melodies of Israel. The music
was arranged by Cantor H. Samuelson
! for a choir and an orchestra. The cere
] monies were under the leadership of S.
J. Levy.
It was the occasion of the burning of
! the fourth candle in the "dedication of
■ the lights" and the singing of the stately
i measures of the old Hebrew hymn once
; sung by David, the kingly singer of Is
' rael, was a most Impressive ceremony.
The' melodists were: J. J. Llberman,
basso; J. Rosenwasser and H. Passer,
: tenors; Masters Harry Rice, Alex Cohn
! and Milton Harris, sopranos. The "Rous
Sobu Nafshl," by Mr. Rosenwasser, was
: especially well sung.
Hon. Julius Kahn was Introduced and
was received with an applause that re
minded one more of past political days.
1 The speaker began his remarks with an
allusion to the historical event in Jewish
I annals of the victorious warfare of the
I Maccabeans and the renovation and re
1 dedication of the holy temple In Jeru-
! salem. ■ . '
"In all ages," said the/speaker, "and
I in all lands has the Jew been ready to
; render up his life for God and country.
: With the grandest tenacity of purpose the
' son of Israel : has clung to his faith, his
< traditions and his home wherever he has
i been permitted to have one. _ With the
i indomitable spirit of Judas Maccabee, who
overthrew four armies ;of the ■ Syrians,
the last of 60,000 men, the Jew has lived
prepared to take up arms for that which
he holds dear. ;• o
: < "In Spain, tortured by. the inquisition,
this - God-fearing . people was loth to
leave the land when ; cruelly driven from
it. When our '■ country called j for defend
ers in the war just closed 109 young Jews
enrolled themselves In the First Califor
nia Regiment, ana the ; story, of Manila's
fight tells how well they fought for the
flag that made them free."
Lucius L. Solomon, in his address on
"The Good and Welfare of the Congrega
tion," handled "Reform Judaism" with
out gloves.
"This is the most orthodox synagogue
in San Francisco," he said, "and I honor
it for its adherence to pure Judaism. A
religion that was good enough for my
fathers is good enough for me. Here to
night we hear the grand old songs of Da
vid with voice and instrument as they
were heard long ago around the Holy of
Holies and up and down the sparkline
rivers of Judea.
"If this modernizing of the faith of Is
rael goes on we will soon have as many
Jewish religions as there are synagogues
in the land. I wish all these so-called re
form rabbis would leave their churches
and accept chairs of Semitic languages
in the universities and leave the faith of
the Jew as God gave it to him. without
one jot or tittle lopped off by these up-to
date teachers."
An Overdose of Morphine.
Thomas Cantrell, a morphine flend, was
found dead in his bed at 654 Howard
street yesterday morning. From the ap
Our Christmas
Gift Day,
To-Day,
f\ Dec. J2th,
hs. ) Between the hours of
W Q £\m Ofl m
\ 9 /*. MwM J
U\l Handsome
DOLL
12 inches, long, real Bisque head, full
jointed body, such as retails for 60c, will
be presented FREE to each customer
whose purchase is 50c or over.
AN ELEGANT SOUVENIR SPOON
Will be presented to each customer whose
purchase is 25c or over.
Everybody We T come.
Tlb No-Percentage Drng Co.
949-951 Market St.
THE LARGEST CUT I RATE DRUG
: HOUSE ON THE COAST.
Alllllll and Mpr P hine Habits
lltfl cured at home. Wrte
I !?SS IiVI for full particulars and
Ul lUIfl book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMI6,
; 201 Turk St.. 6an Francisco, ,
pearance of the dead man's body when
conveyed to the Morgue it was evident
that he was a victim of the morphine
habit. His body was covered with scars
made by the hypodermic needle.
Will Sail This Week.
The many friends of Mr. and Mrs.
Stirling Postley will be glad to learn that
they have returned from Coronado and
are at the Palace. Mrs. Postley (nee
Cook) was one of the most beautiful and
charming young women of San Fran
cisco. The marriage of the young couple,
which recently took place at the home of
the bride's mother in Belvedere, was one
of the society events of the season. Mr.
and Mrs. Postley went south to spend
their honeymoon, and have returned pre
paratory to leaving for the distant
Orient. They will sail on the City of
Peking this week for Hongkong.
The Holy Sacrifice.
Father Woods delivered the evening ser
mon at St. Ignatius Cathedral yesterday.
His theme was "Anglican Orders Tested;
the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass a Test of
Anglican Orders."
Father Woods made a thorough analysis
of the two orders and compared them,
step by step, claiming that for the true
spirit of religion the Catholic interpreta
tion was in advance of the Anglican. "The
holy sacrifice of the mass." he said, "is
the primal test, and presents to us the
weaknesses of the opposition."
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
Xmas Tree Decorations — stock of
ornaments for the dressing of the Xmas
tree is very large an assortment culled
from the best of European productions.
Bon-bons and dinner favors in great
profusion.
Do not fail to examine Lebenbaum's
terra-cotta enameled ware, white porce-
lain lined. Every piece warranted for
one year.
A suggestion — Place your orders as
early as practicable, thereby avoiding
the rush of the last few days before
Christmas.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
except for perfumery and wine, which is
for entire week, if quantity lasts.
PINAUD'S
EXTRACTS \Ed naud » 8 famout
50c. bottle triple extracts for the
~,~~. handkerchief, in
JS V\ ounce-and-a - quarter
jnjyj elass - stoppered bot-
§-"^*"^ ties different odors;
JT3g3 kind usually sold for
jp^jf 11.00. We carry a
fe — 3 >most complete line of
H^ Pinaud's. Roger &
Je£^7R*2». Gallet's, Le Grande's,
£r>*^>'iv r j™ Guerlain's &. Houbig-
RrT^tprmSW N ant's extracts, toilet
££ ieMasfe M water, dentifrice, etc.,
9*i jX.3TSff»/ also everything; neces-
W^^SX'^ia sary for the toilet and
\Vsst£j»'s^' ' bath. ■-> •;.;■.
Imported Champagnes, ats.. case $32.40; pis*
case, $34.10
PORT& SHERRY) Crown brand. You
Bottle, 20c. ' n ,°, w th , kind - Good
51, ... ' CI n . 1 California wine, pure
5 Bottles, $1.00) and wholesome.
Usually 85c. bottle.
Bon-bons and dinner favors.
TOILET SOAP > Made by the famous
Cavalier > "4711"factory,Cologne
1 car aner > Germany- Three
3 Cakes, 25c. ) cakes in an attractive
box.
Perfumes and Toilet articles
PUREE de FOIE) Just the thing for
HP AS \ sandwiches. Slrass-
20c Tin. \ Sin™ 1 " 3 - Usually
New shipment of Barton & Guestier Wines
just arrived. ■ ■
j-rtDKi ) "New Era," brand,
vUKI> T finest quality sugar
2 cans for 25c I corn grown in Maine.
1 Regularly 15c.
NEW GOODS:
Diisseldorf Punches Gaufrettes gauloisei
(Arrac, rum straw- Jockey Club Chooo-
berry, pineapple.) late Wafers
Health Zwieback Goosebreasts
(rusks) Gansegniben
6al2.stengel(salts ticks) English Dinner Bis-
Fig confiture cults.
Diabetic Zwieback English Opera Wafers
Novelties in Household Goods.
■1 These are the 20c.
\ grade. They are as
I small as the "fin"
PEASE } These ; are tender,
grade. They are as
small as the "fin"
French ; are tender,
<■* ib > good color and nice
2 cans, 25C. / flavor. One of our
I choicest brands — a
/ very special attrac-
y tion.
Carving Sets and Table Cutlery
CLARET 1 Good quality, regu-
35c. Gallon " / larly 50c. a gallon.
iviaii ddiich ) A good plain brush,
NAIL BRUSH f cedar back; 5 rows of
10c. Each 1 good tampico bristles.
Xmas Tree Ornaments
\ Calif de Oro, puri-
nn ADC I tanos, clear Havana
m - # - « I Kev West goods.
7 for 50C. . r Equal to most 10c.
I cigars that are sold
) elsewhere.
Pofofnnno 5° pages, Xmas edition, contain-
UdldlUyUo ing Xmas song with music— free.
Country orders shipped free 100 miles.
OPEN EVENINQS
Beware of Imitations
itorcesfersliirefO
| S^gJOMN PUNC/N'B «ONB, Aatl«T»i NEW YORK. ,j '
you never saw SUCH
BEAUTIFUL
opera-glasses
as we have just
received!
Opticians kop^ k oency<
• 642 Market St.\ .
. : . Chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGEA/rS
DR.MOTLTY.
riIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND HELIABr.EOLD
J. Special istcwre* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.;
: Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursS
to 3 dally; B.3o to 8:1)0 ev'g.s. Kundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and «ic redly confidential. Cull. or address
P. ROBCOE McJIULTY, 31. D.
£«>£ J&earajr »t., Son Francisco, Col,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CITY OF j|B| PARIS
DRY GOODS CO.
Will exhibit the coming week a'superb collection of
useful and desirable novelties suitable for holiday gifts
in Handkerchiefs, Fans, Neckwear and Feather Boas.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
French Hand-Embroidered Linen Handkerchiefs, Novelties just received,
$1.00 to $25.00 Each
Hemstitched and Scalloped Hand-Embroidered Linen Handkerchiefs,
25c to $1.50 Each
Plain Hemstitched Linen Handkerchiefs, H, M and %-inch hem,
extra values, 10c to $1.00 Each
SPECIAL— French Hand-Embroidered Initial Handkerchiefs, all
linen, &-inch hem, $1.50 Box of 6ix
FANS. FANS.
Hand-Painted Gaure Fans $1.00 to $3.00 Each
Parisian Novelties, just opened $3.50 to $30.00 Each
FEA THER BOA S.
18, 36, 54 and 72 inch Feather 80a5... 53.60 to $27.50 Each
NECKWEAR.
Latest novelties in Fronts, Boas, jabots and
Four-in-Hands of Chiffon, Lace, Liberty or Taffeta.
Black Liberty Boas with Plaited Ends — special values at
$1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.50 and $5.00 Each
Real Duchesse Lace Handkerchiefs, in a large variety of designs,
$1.00 to $25.00 Each
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNJAJHEATER.
A Brilliant Welcome Back.
America's Irish Character Actor,
Mr. Daniel Sully
And His Excellent Company,
Presenting His Great Success,
UNCLE 808.
A DRAMATIC GEM. FULL OF PATHOS AND
COMEDY.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
ELABORATELY STAGED.
Next Play-"O-BRIEN, THE CONTRACTOR."
Seats at box office and Emporium.
COLUMBIAJTHEATER
TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A LONG LINE OF FUN.
Evans & Hoey's Evergreen 6ucce««,
HOYT'S
A PARLOR
MATCH.
80 COMEDIANS, SINGERS, DANCERS 30
9 Great Gigantic Mastadonlc
Megatherian Features 9
The Biggest and Best Farce-Comedy or Your
Money Refunded.
IOROSCO'S GRAND K
V altkr Mobosco, Sole Lessee and ManageE.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
First Time Here of the Great Comedy-Drama,
TEMPTATION
...0F...
MONEY!
SONGS, DANCES, MEDLEYS.
A ROARING COMEDY.
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Evening Prices 10c, 25c and 500
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
We Return to Our Mutton.
Careful Production of Audran's Fa-
T I vorite Opera, I T
lITHE MASCOT. I
jj Cast Includes: jj
» Annie Myers. Anna Llchtner.
o Elvia Crox. William Pmette. £
£ Edwfn Stevens. Phil Branson.
% ! W. H. West. Arthur Boyce. I °
« I New Scenery. Enlarged Chorus.
* I Correct Costumes. Superb Orchestra. I T
Fun, Melody and Frolic.
Matinee Every Saturday at 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— Our Xmas Spectacle, "THE
YELLOW DWARF," a Harvest of
Song, Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices. 25 and 50 cents. N. B.— A
reserved seat for the Matinee, 25 cents. Our
Telephone, Bush 9.
PIANO RECITAL
—BY—
Alice Beach McGomas.
CENTURY HALL,
1213 Sutter St., bet. Van Ness ave. and Polk at.
MONDAY EVENING, Dec. 12, 1898,
At 8:15 O'Clock.
Under the patronage of Mayor J. D. Phelan,
Mrs. Wm. H. Mills, David Lubln, Irving M.
Scott. I. W. Hellman, Marco Hellman, H. N.
Clement, Mrs. Jas. Neall, Mrs. Marriner-Camp-
bell. Miss Conibrlth. Mrs. W. A. Truesdale,
Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. Frank Sullivan.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS.
.!"• C_-.. J. C_-<.
(INGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races Daily.
DECEMBER 12TH
DECEMBER 2«TH
WEDNESDAY
THE PALACE HOTEL STAKES.
20 ENTRIES — -20
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:65 p. m.
Round-trip tickets, 25c.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
•very three minutes.
ADMISSION ONE DOLLAR.
8. N. ANDRQUSi President.
1 F. H. GREEN. Secretary,
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
PEER OF MONOLOGIBT6.
JULIUS P. WTTMARK, Famour Vocalist.
THE THREE MERKELL SISTERS. Euro-
pean Acrobats.
CAMILLA URSO. Vloliniste
P^UL t BATTT ' S ACROBATIC BEARS.
ARNESEN. Celebrated Equilibrist.
BAKER. SELLERY AND BARTLETT.
Comedians. 6^ ICOny ' WCS ° PCra
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, EOc.
MATINEES. WED.. SAT, and SUNDAY.
COMEDY_THEATER.
ALL THIS WEEK!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
_,„„„ The Big Sensational Show.
HARRY MARTELL'S Realistic Southern Pro-
duction.
THE SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR!
The Only Show of Its Kind on Earth.
ABSOLUTELY UNIQUE. WITHOUT A
M, RIVAL.
B^ I Sable Soulful Singers
I H ; Sunburnt Southern Bllhauettw.- «♦•:•"•
■ | Camp Meeting Shouters and Shooters
U ulers d Cotton Plc * ln * Cho£
Male and Female **£"£ Artinta
EVENING PRICES 15c 2St kT £.
matinee prices:..:::::;;;;;"?;..^ £& its
KEYS*" 7 ' De 19-Hoyt 8 "A BUNCH OF
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE. MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. ~
A. M. PALMER'S SUCCESS.
ALABAMA!
A Story la Poetry of Southern Life
Irlcls. Isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— "HUMBUG."
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. !
NEW BILL IN THE/REE THEATER.
MARCO BROS., Contortionists; THE STAN-
LEYS. In "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day"; FLO
GLADSON. in Coon Songs; KELLEY AND
VIOLETTE, Society Sketch Artists; MAUD
GAGE. Whistler; OMNE, Japanese Lady Ma-
gician; "THE ASTRONOMER'S DREAM "
and ENDLESS NOVELTIES!
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.," "SALLY" and
, "CONGO."
Every Thursday-— AMATEUR NIGHT.
A POLAR BEAR JUST ADDED TO THE ZOO.
10c, including Zoo and Theater: Children, 80.
CONCERTS AND EESCETB.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MONDAY. ; DECEMBER 12TH. ■-'.', :
YOU'LL BE SORRY I# YOU MISS IT. '
FUN AND MUSIC FOR YOU ALL.
6 Theaters, Grand One-hour Walking Match,
2 Bands of Music and Rare Novelties. ',
A Night of Enjoyment Admission. 26a
SUTRO BATHS. "
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
ADMISSION lOe - - - - CHILDREN S>
Bathing, with admission. 25c; children. 20c.
I DR PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. ■-.•-■•/ , :
DISCOVERY
FOR THE :_: _ ...
BLOOD,n.IVER,B_UfVIGS;
%'^tmWSu^^*riM *"* *» li a non-pofwnoi»
<<!>S^^^hl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
>^K3rCPBEB7^®g Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
fly in l to & h.ti.^M Whites, unnatural dlg-
gSf-S Goinntced W charges, or any lnflamma.
S&9 not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
l!Li l PrtT>nt * ce lon - tioa of Biucont mem-
fmEvANS CHEM'P't 00. Cranes. Non-astringent.
VgLciNCiNNATI.O Sold b ' *>r**Bi*t*,
W^. U.S. a jt)mW^?. T Bent in plain wrapper.
JXM&kJ! J^^B by express, prepaid, fof
'^StifiS^Bta^lM I1I 1 - 00 - or 3 bottle*. 13.73.
v- '^Bdrv ■ Oircuiar teat ea rntue%
56
THE SPORTS OF ONE SUNDAY.
RIFLE RECORD
IS BROKEN BY
A, H, PAPE
He Scores 35 on the I
Columbia Target.
THE SHELL MOUND CONTESTS
OTTO LEMCKE THE WINNER OF '
THREE GOLD MEDALS.
The Incident of the day yesterday at I
Shell Mound was the breaking of the rifle \
record by A. H. Pape. It happened dur- j
ing the shoot for the champion class ;
medal on the Columbia tariret. His score i
■was 35, the individual shots being 2, 3. 7. j
2, 2, 2, 8, 2, 6, 2. This Is a 3£ inch aver-
Otto I.emeke distinguished himself by
winning three gold medals. In the Nord
dcutscher Vereln shoot in the first-class I
he made a score of -U'j and won the 'roid i
medal for the fourth time and It is now j
lifs property. He also won the medal for !
the best :irst shot and a third medal in
the San Francisco Schuetzen shot for the !
best finrt *hot.
Quite a number of shooting clubs took
advantage of the beautiful day to try
their Fkill at the targets. Those repre-
Bented were the Columbia Pistol and nifle
Club, San Francisco Schuetzen, Nord
doutpohcr Verein, Germania Club and In
dependent Rifles.
All the bullseye shoots which are sched
uled for the fourth Sunday will take place
next Bunday, as Christmas falls on the
fourth Sunday this year.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club are
to wind up their shooting this year on
next Sunday and will signalize the event
by awarding the medals won and holding
a social reunion in the banquet hall of
Shell Mound Park. A grand time is anti
cipated by the members and their friends.
The scores in detail ;ire as follows:
San Francisco Si'heutz^n Vorein's monthly
medal shiot— Champion class, I>. B. Faktor, I
435; tirst claas, Nick Ahrens. 403; second cla-.s.
John Gefken, 504; third class. John de Witt, j
896; fourth class, D. 3auln>ld, 359: best first j
shot. Otto Lemcke, 25; best lust shot. Gustav j
Schulz. To.
Xord'l»utscher Pchuetzen Club medal Fhr>ot —
Champion class, not won; first class. Otto
I/emcke, 42"> (final); Fecond class, J. de Witt,
373; third class. Alhert Meyer, 331: fourth class,
H. Munst«-r. :!Su cHna.l); best first shot. Otto [
Lemcke, 24; best last, shot, H. Stel'.ing, 20.
The score c( the Germania Club j
whp: First champion class, V. li. l'aktor, 439; !
F^xnd champion class, not won; first class, H. j
Ktelllng, 402: second class. J. Gefken. 3a3; third j
class, \V. Qoetm, 3.'.}; best first shot. Dr. L.
Hiirtgers. Zr, b<-st last shot, H. 24.
Monthly medal shoot of Independent Rifles— \
E. Jacobson 44, P. Schonlg ii>. C. Kornbeck 34,
J. H. Kuhlke 31. H. Kuhlke 32, Lieutenant J. |
Staude 31. H. Staude 24. G. Kellenb*r*er 21.
A prnlon nf the City Guard, Company B, !
First Infantry, made the following scores: E. I
Peppen 41. H. Henaby 40, J. R. Wear 39, J.
C.llykson 35. J. O'Keefe 34.
In the turkey shoot of the Norddeutsch
cr Vereln the following winners will par
t;ike of the succulent bird on Christmas
(iay. The scorn was:
Otto 1-remcke CS. H. Burfiend C 6. L. Brune
64. .!. D. Helfie 63. V. Rust «3. H. Stelllng 62,
F. Kaufman 47, J. de Witt 3S. F. P. Schuster
(0, \Y. Kocfe 68, .1. Gefken 56. L. Ritzau o», J.
Schroeder i.O. H. Ifyen 49. J. Lankenau 46. F.
Groherman 48. E. F. Baruth 42. L. Thurback 49.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club— Champion
class. A. H. Pape. 35: first class. O. A. Bremer,
79: se-- >nd class— M. J. White 103. G. M. Barley
109; thir.l class— O. Mannell 93. E. X. Noor 107;
members' rifle medal— X. X. Moor S3. O. A.
Bremer S5. (J. ICanneU S>j; ell-comers' rifle
medal— A. H. Pape 41-47-46. D. W. McLaughlin
45, F. O. Young 66; Bushnell military medal—
F B. Mason 46, F. O. Young 45.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club pistol ranpe,
I"." yards, Columbia target: Champion cla^s - 1
.T. C. Gorman. 4S; M .1. White. 51: F. O.
Young, 18. First class— G. M. Burley, 56. Sec
ond class— Mrs. M. J. White. 6". Siebe medal ;
- <i II Burley. 41. ;",4. 61. C 2. 65: C. M. Dais*. I
40. 43; F. O. Young, 4K. SS, 57: J. P. Cosgitve, |
r. r .. 87, K2, 70. 22 and 25 caliber rifle medal— E.
P. Jacobson. 17. 1«. 21. 22, 21; A. H. Pape. 24,
X; Mrs. O. Mannrtl. 33.
HANDBALL TOURNAMENT.
A Grand Banquet Follows the Close
of the Long Contest.
Twenty-five handball enthusiasts en-
Joyed the good things to bo found at
Sprockets' Cafe, on the top floor of the
Claus Sprockets building, last evening, to
celebrate the close of the handball tour
nament which has been played at Phil
Ryan's handball court during the past
four Sundays.
On next Sunday A. Hampton will play
J. Harlow for the amateur championship
of the Pacific Coast. This contest will
consist of the best three out of five rubs.
As both are young athletes, some lively
play may be expected.
The score by others than the tourna-*
merit players were as follows:
P. Herrin and M. Fogarty defeated E. Foley
•nd M. J. Stokes. Score. 21-19, 12-21. 21-13.
Colonel .1. R. Bockman and E. Lynch defeated
D. J. Shcfhan and Dr. W. H. Siebrtst. Score.
21-16. 11-20.
E. McDonough and S. V. Costello defeated
L. Waterman and W. H. Kedlan. Score 21-17.
21-19.
T. Leach and M. Klrby defeated J. Condon
and A. Mclnnerney. Score. 21-12, 16-21. 21-14.
G. McDonald and C. McKlnnon defeated M.
McNeil and L. Carmine. Score, 21-19, 11-21
21-13.
P. Hutchlnson and M. Dillon^ defeated P.
Kelly and G. Hutchlnson. Score, 21-12, 14-21
21-10.
D. O'Brien and G. Llndauer defeated' M
Berwln and P. Basch. Score. 21-17. 16-21, 21-13.
M. J. Kllgallon and A. Hampton defeated J.
C. Nealon and J. Harlow. Score-, 21-20. 15-21
21-18.
J. C. N'ealon and A. Hampton defeated M.
J. Kllgallon and J. Harlow. Score, 21-12 11-21.
21-20.
Lively Times at the Pavilion.
There will be a big crowd to-night at
Mechanics' Pavilion, when a programme
of unusual interest will be rendered. T»e
numbers include everything, from a big
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■ « ■ m ■ ■ m
a _£^ WEAK MEN,
K#ift Young or Old,
It i\£Sii\^^ 1 '
/^-•"~". .\ — jjr Suffering from Drains, Losses, Weak
/^S^"""»uw.^ ■i—* Back, Varicocele, etc., I say to you, as
v*si/ man ,to man, as physician to patient,
/ %. '•• j£- DRUGS NEVER CUKE. Why not use
( y'^f-^-^S, Nature's own simple remedy,
$%\. •ELECTRICITY,
jl'f Afl VII With my Electric Belt and Supporting
_^n \m y u fj'J ju Suspensory? \ I cured 5000 last year,
fe.. " S jT~ '■_ — =^"-» iK -\_" Book, "Three Classes of Men," explain
k^^s s^^mSm^ inB ,f l!> S T Bealed - fre f- "Pon request,
-s^^fwr "**uu&wm or, if you live near by, drop in and con-
suit me, free of charge.
DR. A. X. SANDEN, *— — — — *
702 Market Street, Corner Keany, San Franciioe. HOT IN DRUG STORES. ' I
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 ••
to 1 Branches nt l/cs Anerole*. Cal., 232 West ■ Dr.'. Sanden's Electric Belt
Rprond street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington ' - la never sold; In drug stores
„.,. Denver. Colo., • 831 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only I
no lias' Tex 255 Main street; Butte, Mont.. at our office. -
HO North Main street. *— —
- . t .-■■■' ■-•-..- " ': :■ - ■ , ! .-■■■' - -.' . . -v :.-:-■ ■. . .■.«■ - . ■•■-..,.
walking match to operatic music by .well
known prima donnas, with special attrac
tions for everybody. Thousands of school
children will invade the Pavilion this af
ternoon, and Santa Claus will be on hand.
A varied programme of music. In which
plantation melodies. Punch fend Judy and
other features will be presented.
To-night, ladies accompanied by gentle
men, will be admitted free.
The programme of Saturday evening at
tracted nearly 3000 people and to-night's
entertainment will be even more enjoy
able.
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
A Well-Filled Card of Events to Be
Decided To-Day.
The racing game shifts to Ingleslde
again to-day. The card, while not an es
pecially attractive one, should furnish
pome fair sport. Six races are down for
decision with a liberal list of entries. In
the fourth event Hugh Penny and La
Goleta will try conclusions at a mile, and
this in Itself Is quite an attraction.
To-Day's Entries.
The entries for. to-day are as follows:
First Race— Seven furlongs; two-year-olds:
Second Race— One and an eighth miles; sell
ing:
Third Race — One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and up:
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Fifth Race— Six- furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up:
Sixth Race — One mile; selling; two-year-olds
and upward:
2C7 Ocorona 101 305 Casdale 108
309 Lob Medanos...lol| 325 Raclvan 95
261 Allyar 113 261 Felicite 95
3<2 Lady Hurst .... 96 2."6 Daisy F 90
311 Dr. Bernays 93 ... Lena 107
(31S)Bernardlllo .....IC4 311 Red Glenn 101
314 Myth 36
323 Stan Powers 100 i 3.17 Paul Kruger ..103
271 Cabrlllo 112 ... Dutch Va1et. ...109
337 Henry C 103, 260 Cyril 100
336 Beau M0nde. ...103 (294) Yankee Doodle.ll2
327 Pongo 103 271 Major Hooker.. 100
315 Tenrlca 10U 320 El Venado. 112
(253)Viklng 109
334 Hugh Penny.... lo4' 334 Topmast 104
(31G)La Goleta 107 1 (297) David Tenny...lO7
329 Majesty 9S j 253 Ocktumck .98
330 Judge Stouffcr..llO 215 Yemen 110
330 Zamar II 113 292 Sweet William..lol
" 286 Stepabout 105 324 Highland 8a11. .104
...Prince Tyrant. .loß 173 Iconic ' 110
(21S)Leiter 1001 244 First Call 110
269 Doremus 1001 292 Boardman 100
... Al Paff 1071 322 Una C010rad0.. ..112
320 rim 10O,(2eS)G. B. M0rri5.. ..112
329 Durward 112 '• 329 Defiant 107
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Allyar, Los Medanos, Casdale.
Second Race — Bernardlllo, Myth, Daisy F.
Third Race— Yankee Doodle. Cyril. Cabrillo.
Fourth Race— Hugh Penny. La Goleta, David
Tenny.
Fifth Race— Yemen, Zamar 11. Prince Tyrant.
Sixth Race— B. Morris, First Call. Dore
mus.
s « • ■ < .' •■
THE GEBMANIA CLUB.
Will Celebrate Its Twenty-Fifth An
niversary This Evening.
The members of the Germania Club, one
of the oldest and best known of the local
German social organizations, will cele
brate the twenty-fifth anniversary of the
club this evening at Verein Elntracht
Hall, on Twelfth street, near Folsom. The
affair is confined strictly to members,
their wives and sweethearts, and the pro
gramme will consist of an entertainment
by the singing Bectton, a banquet and a
ball. Unusual interest has been mani
fested by the members in the making of
the occasion a memorable one in the his
tory of the club. The arrangements have
been In the hands of a special committee
for some weeks past, and no detail has
been overlooked. In connection with the
event a handsome souvenir volume has
been prepared, containing besides the his
tory of the organization in German me
dallion portraits of all the members. The
cover is a pretty piece of art work in
black and silver.
The Germania was organized as a social
society in 1873 by a party of young Ger
mans with a view of cultivating the musl
cul and literary tastes of the members.
There are at present 300 members. A
system of sick benefits was adopted, and
in 1575 the club was Incorporated.
Of the charter members but one is now
living— Claus Brasch. The first president
was John Kohnke, and the present offl- j
cers are: 11. D. Harder, president; George !
\Y. Meyer, vice president; Carl Kochener,
recording secretary; Henry Muller, treas
urer; Jonn M. Steffens, financial secre- ]
tary; trustees— J. H. Minster, P. Koppen,
Kmil Harzolf ; leader of singing section,
Fred Siebke.
The anniversary entertainment com
mittee consists Of P. F. Rathjens, Theo
dore L,utjen. William Gerken, Julius H.
Spreckels and Jess Cordsen.
The folowing members of the singing
section wil participate in the entertain
ment: F. Rathjens, Charles Volquards,
T. H. Lutje, Theo Korner, H. Buddle
mann, Julius Hons, F. Muhl, P. Harder,
H. Graber, E. Marzolf. John Kolster, F.
Sachs. A. Kropff, Charles Toloskey, Carl
Corberrer, A. Hollin, A. Vogler, G. "VV'ie
demann, George W. Meyer, A. Bartje, A.
Frank. A. Mohr, H. Asher, L. Hink, F.
Zietke, "William Gerken, William Muhl,
Julius H. Spreckels.
■♦ « ■
LAWN TENNIS CONTESTS.
Several Good Games Played on the
Asphalt Courts on Saturday
r.nd Sunday.
There was a good attendance at the
courts of the California Lawn Tennis
Club on Saturday, but, though the weath
er yesterday was very favorable for play,
only a small number were present. The
following are the principal scores made
during the past two days:
G. Whitney beat W. McGavin. 6-4. 4-6 6-0
CJ. Whitney beat H. WHhe. 6-4. 6-2, 1-4.
Landry beat Mcßride, 6-0, 0-«, 6-0.
Walter beat Bradahaw. 7-5.
Bradahaw and Root beat Smith and Walter
6-2. S-7. M.
Carrlgan beat Harris, 6-3, 4-6, 6-2.
Dally beat W. McGavin, 6-1. 6-1.
George Whitney beat R. Whitney, 6-3. 7-5.
R. Whitney beat George Whitney, 6-4 8-6
Brickley beat O'Brien. 6-2. 6-4.
C. P. Hubbard, who was formerly well
know/i upon the lawn tennis courts of
this State, and who made the best show
ing ever made by a California player
against the best players of the Eastern
States, has now deserted lawn tennis for
golf. On Saturday he was one of the eight
representatives of the Oakland Golf Club
in its match against the Son Francisco
Golf Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
AN ELEVEN
INNING GAME
YESTERDAY
Watsonville Wins at
the Finish.
THE PEOPLE GO MAD,
AT LEAST THEY GAVE THAT IM
PRESSION.
By Joe Corbett.
.■ . ■
If I remember correctly, my article
describing the contest of Saturday be
tween the Oaklands and San Frunclscos
contained the statement that teams re
serve j their best efforts for the Sunday
1 games. I am now convinced that my con
jectures in this regard were tainted with
unusual veracity, for yesterday's game at
Recreation Park was the grandest and
i most beautiful of all games played in that
! vicinity, and cannot in any manner be
i compared with the sleepy performances
! presented of late at the same grounds. It
took Just eleven innings to decide the
contest, and the Watsonviiles were vic
torious by the score of 8 to 5. It was in
the very last inning, with the score 5 to
6, that they sent three runs over the
plate through the errors of the Athletics
and one most opportune hit. In the tenth
inning, with the score 3 to 3, they batted
in two runs, and," as every on« supposed,
cinched the game. But the contest was
scheduled to be a heart -breaker and bril
liant. In their half of the tenth inning
the Athletics sent but two men to the
plate, and these two tied the score amid
the greatest excitement imaginable.
iberg. the first man up, was safe on
first, and then McCarthy, who had al
ready in a previous • inning ■'■■ caused the
multitude to take their hats oft, owing to
a phenomenal catch in deep left field after
a run of at least 100 feet or more, hit the
first ball pitched over the fence for a
home run. One unfamiliar with the spirit
that lies in oblivion and prompts the
baseball fan on to acts becoming the wild
est kind of a maniac might have fallen
dead from heart disease at the outburst
of approval that greeted McCarthy's
second grand feat of the game. Why, they
actually threw their hats in the air and
"ripped those carpets up," together with
a few other things, in a manner that was
startling. In the excitement 1 thought I
saw people throwing their watches and
silver dollars on the field, but recollected
the hard times and bit Jnyself on the
finger. The scene was a glorious one. Just
the same, and I dare say will not be wit
nessed for days to come.
Up to this interesting moment the game
had been slow and provokingly even. I
tat. with others, hoping that either one
side or the other would make enough runs
to end the monotonous affair, but Iberg
and Balsz kept the batters guessing to
such an extent that it was a case of one
side taking the lead and then the other,
neither, however, • being able to score
enough runs to close the game until the
memorable tenth put in an appearance,
and at this stage, owing to the brilliant
playing of some players and the excite
ment that prevailed I was prepared to
stay all night, for the scenes, with the
score even and both teams playing as
though their lives depended on the result,
were the kind that fill a lover of baseball
with strange fascination for the seat he
occupies and present to him a realization
of the fact that such situations seldom
occur. The fatal eleventh, with its three
large runs for Watsonville, put a stop to
pleasant reveries, and the expected fifteen
or twenty innings, as a few figured the
game would go. The Athletics, spurred
on by their success in the previous inning
fought hard to gain at least a tie, but the
fates decreed otherwise, I presume Hun
dreds pulled and rooted for them, but the
end must come at some stage, and the
stage had been reached. I cannot say
that the game from a baseball standpoint
was faultless. There were many errors
and misplays of a very yellow order
there were runs and situations where
runs might have been scored thrown
away; but all this is forgotten in view of
the grand and truly beautiful finish.
The greatest offender was Stultz, and
his playing was miserable/as was his
batting At one time in the eighth inning
he could have decided the game had he
made a n't. but the boy failed in this ■
instance as he has in others. Balsz out
pitched the great Iberg, but Iberg did
good work, and might have won had his
support been better.
The score follows:
ATHLETICB.
S. McCarthy. , - AB - R - BH - 8B - &V*
J. McCarthy. 1. t.... 5 12 0 3 0 0
Ilanley, 2 b.... 4 1 0 0 1 4 0
Meaney, c. f 5 0 10 4 0 0
Stultz. a. a ...2 l o 0 3 f. a
Hlldebrand, r. 1 1 5 1 l o in o
'Johnston, 1 b.... 8 0 1 0 13 0 i
Mclaughlin. 3 b.... 5 0 0 0 2 2 2
Lohman. c ...4 0 10 5 0 0
»>«rg. P .._ 4JI 1 0.1.4 0
Totals 39 5 7 "o 33 15 "7
WATSONVILLE.
„ , „ w AB - R - BH. SB. PO. A E
Franks, 2 b 4 2 1 0 3 2 6
Lange, 1 b 6 3 3-1 92 0
Chance, c 6 0 0 0 8 10
Mertes. s. s 6 10 0 4 4 1
Mccarty. 3 b « 0 l 0 2 i 0
KatsJ!, P 5 1 1 0 1 2 0
Hayes. 1. f 5 0- 2 0 2 0 0
Peters, r. r... 5- 0 0 0 3 0 2
Palmtag, c. f....... 5 10 0 3 i 0
Totals . 47 8 ~8 1 83 18 "i
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Watßonville ...0 0200 100 0 * «_s
Base hits 0 020020012 1*
Athletics ...1 0020000 -0201*
Bas« hits 2 80 !000 in
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Ibertr 2 Bal«r * nm .
run-McCarthy. Two-base hlta-Meaney l™
man. Hayes. Iberg/ McCarthy. First base on
errors-Athletics 3. Watsonville r- First bo^e
on , called balls-Athletics 3. Watsonville 1
Left on bases-Athletics .4, Watsonvl lie 9
Struck out— By Iberg 3. by Balsz 5 ' mt.w.
Pa^ MC Jr^ Bl ? lln h t0 H * n '*y : Merfes sto5 to La^e'
Passed ball-Lohman. ;-. Wild pltch-Iber*
Time of game-2:00. Umpires-McDonald £?A
Sweeney. Official , scorer-J. W. Stapieion.
Gilt Edges Won.
SACRAMENTO. iDeei Dec' 11.-The Hughes-
Bhanahan benefit game of \ baseball be
tff?n the Gilt Edges and the Sacramento
Athletic Club teams to-day, drew a small
crowd. The Gilt Edges won by a score of
9 to 1, and without expending much effort
Oakland Owls Defeated.
The Altos defeated the Owls of Oakland
at Freeman's Park. Berkeley, yesterday
by ,i score of 4 to 2. Whalen struck out
ten mpn and allowed but three scattered
hits The batteries were Whalen and D
Bodle for the Altos and Perrine and
Peralta for the Owls.
DANIEL SULLY
IN "UNCLE BOB"
There was the usual big Sabbath audl
j ence In the California Theater last night.
i but the piece presented was quite differ
ent from the usual Sunday farce-comedy
offering. It was "Uncle Bob," a serio
comic drama of the Irish-American or
der, written and played by D.jilel Sully
The story of the play was told in yester
day's Call. The title part shows Mr. Sully
a-s a kindly, self-sacrificing middle-aged
I member of the G. A. R., and fits well the
\ quiet humor and semi-pathos of this
i actor. The strain of the plot is relieved
!by musical interpolations, the best of
i which are two ragtime character songs
, sung by Miss Jennie Lissenden. The com
i pany is adequate to the responsibilities of
: the piece, and the audience last night was
I —judging by its applause — very much sat
isfied with the play.
Luriine Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln ets. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
SHEA'S DOGS
CAPTURE THE
ALL-AGE STAKE
Young America Beats
a Kennel Mate.
FINE SPORT AT INGLESIDE
ROYAL BUCK DEFEATS BONITO
IN A HOT COURSE.
Dogs and "jacks" alike seemed Invig
orated by the nipping air at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday, and they fur
nished excellent sport to the thousands
who visited the well known grounds. Half
those who witnessed the day's running
kept warm betting on their favorites.and
the men who occupied the constantly sur
rounded pool boxes were suffused In per
spiration.
It was the favorites' day to shine, al
though shortenders were made happy at
different stages of the game by cashing
good odds. In quick order the large card
was run off, and by 5 o'clock the last
course was decided.
J. Shea, whose dogs have been run to
advantage at the two parks during the
past year, loomed up as the winner of
the all-aged stake. His prize-winners
were Young America and Rathbone, who
took first and second money respectively.
Both dogs experienced hard courses, but
through excellent handling and good form
they went the pace and won.
Youn« America, who is practically a
pup, defeated False Flatterer early in the
game, creating quite a sensation. The
Former dog was played by the shortend
ers at 5 to 3. The dogs were run again
Immediately and Young America defeat
ed the famous stake-winner by 6 to 1
points.
Royal Buck, the possession of P. J. G.
McKenna, succeeded in reaching the semi
final round, when defeated by Young
America, Royal Buck, after defeating
Magneto, Silkwood and Miss Alice, was
pitted against Bonito, who, by the way,
was fancied by a large number of bet
tors as the probable winner of the stake.
The two dogs were slipped to a lively
hare, which led the rivals first across the
field to the fence, then to the escapes and
back to and past the grand stand before
killed. Royal Buck made the kill at the
point whence they were slipped, and hav
ing the largest score was declared the
winner.
Dave Hooper's Koolawn ran two byes
and won both. When Kid McCoy was
withdrawn on account of illness the for
mer was substituted and won out handily.
Rathbone also succumbed to Koolawn's
speed later in the day. The eventual run
ner-up did not score once to Koolavvn's
five points.
Rahtbone "demonetized" Prince George
at the usual rate of 16 to 1, Golden Rus
set beat Mystic 24 to 4 and Rocklin Bell
beat Speculation by 31 to 2 points in the
longest and most exciting courses of the
day.
Among the shortenders to land during
the running were: Old Glory at 2 to 1.
Rocklin Belle at 3 to 1, Forget at 2 to 1
Young America at 5 to 3, Miss Alice at
the same odds and Prince George at 2>4
to I.
It is expected that a larger crowd than
that which witnessed the great match
race between False Flatterer and Conne
mara will be at Ingleside next Sunday to
see the match race for $500 between Pa
trla and Moondyne. The dogs ure well
matched and have a large following Bet
ting on the race is already very heavy
following are the results of yesterday's
coursing:
All aged stake, second round— D. Ford's Bo
nito beat T. F. l^g-an's Miss Grizzle 14— 8- F
M - Kello&'s Kid McCoy beat London' &
Cloutfh's Van Nedda, 9— g; H. A. Decke-lman's
Old Glory beat J. P. Thrift's Forgive 7—2-
Russell & Wilson's Jennie Wilson beat' J p'
Thrift's St. Michael. 13-S; P. J. o. Kenna's
Royal Kuok beat London & McCollouch's Mae
neto, 6-2; G. Smart's Silkwood beat J
Quane's Marietta, 8-6; M. Allen's Miss Alice
?, ea . t ., JJ K Jone ? ii 11 * 1 cloud - 7 " 2: A - Massey's
Hattle beat J. Sheeha.n's Get There 4—o- F
Muran'H Golden Russet beat J. Farley's Mrs
tic, 24-S; J. Shea's Rathbone beat P J Ken
na's Flyaway, 4-0; P. Rellly s Speculation beat
M. Nealon's Bona Dea, 14—8; P. J Kenna's
Mocklln Belle beat P. Brophy's Betiicla Boy
4—2; Joe Perry's Commodore Xash ran a bye!
12—4; H. A. Deckelman's Pat Kirby beat P
J. Cr. Kenna s Jessie Moore, S— s- J p Thrift's
Forget beat White Earth Kennels 1 Lottie M
£-2; P. Shea's Young America beat F. Moran's
False Flatterer, s—l; H. A. Dfokelman' H Prince
George beat D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow g-3-
A. Massey's Llghtfoot beat J. O. Dowd's Mis
sion Tip, 10—2.
.Third round— Kid McCoy being: withdrawn
TSonlta ran a bye with and was beaten b"
Koolawn, 3—l; Jennie Wilson beat Old Glory
IE— T; Royal Buck beat Silkwood 4— l- Misi
Alice beat Hattel, 4^-0; Rathbone beat Golden
Russet. 6-1; Rocklin B»lle beat Speculation
21-2; time, 1:37; Pat Klrby beat Commodore
Naah, i>— 1; Younfc America, beat Forget 6—5-
Prince George beat Llghtfoot, 10—4.
Fourth round— Bonita beat Jennie Wilson
0—0; Royal Buck beat Miss Alice. 11—3- Rath
bone beat Rooklln Belle, 4—l; Youne America
beat Pat Klrby, 4-3: Prince George a bye
Fifth round— Royal Buck beat Bonita 24—13
time, 3:04; Rnthbone beat Prince George 16—1-
Young America a bye, 16 — 10.
Kixth round— Young America beat Royal
Buck, gt—2; Rathbone ran a bye with Koo
lawn, the latter winning. s—o.
Final— Young America beat Rathbon*. 10— i.
UNION PARK COURSING.
Victor Queen Captures the Open Stake
and Maid of the Hill the Puppy.
Victor Queen won the open stake at
Union Park yesterday from Snapshot, and
Maid of Hill took the puppy stake after
a hot course. The results were as follows:
Open stake, second round— Wayfarer beat
Irma; Belle Seward beat Winged Foot; Magic
beat Vigilant; Gallagher beat Terrona; Lord
Byron beat Right Bower: Rosebud beat Victor-
Firm Friend beat White Tip; Victor Queen
beat Dempaey Lass; Interesting beat Jersey
Lily; Eclipße beat Laurelwood; Snapshot beat
White Chief; Quiver beat Newsboy; Thorn
hill beat At Last; Minneapolis beat Lady Her
schel; Victor King beat Precita Girl; Rock
Island Boy beat Magnet.
Third round— Magic beat Wayfarer; Relle
Seward beat Gallagher; Lord Byron beat Rose
bud; Victor Queen brat Firm Friend; Inter
esting beat Eclipse: Snapshot beat Quiver;
Victor King beat Thornhlll; Rock Island Boy
beat Minneapolis.
Fourth round— Magic beat Belle Seward: Vic
tor Queen beat Lord Byron; Interesting beat
Victor King: Snapshot beat Rock Island Boy.
Fifth round— Victor Queen beat Magic; Snap
shot beat Interesting.
Final— Victor Quoen beat Snapshot.
Puppy stake, second round— St. Gertrude beat
Prince Jerome; Arab beat Rustan; Maid of the
Hill beat Lady Marmton; Bit of Fashion beat
Rings Around; Rollicking Airs beat Black Bess;
Florence N beat Regular Army.
Third round— Arab beat St. Gertrude: Maid
of Hill beat Bit of Fashion; Florence N beat
Rollicking Airs.
Fourth round— Maid of Hill beat Arab; Flor
ence N a bye.
Final— Maid of Hill beat Florence N.
Hounds and Hares at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Dec. 11.— The results of the
coursing here to-day were as follows: In the
run down Salvator beat Bismarck; Liberty
beat Nabob; Miss Dewey beat Fly; Tip beat
Innocent Daisy; Duke of Oakgrove beat Silver
King; Billy Westport beat Little Momser;
ll! eh and Artless beat Harkaway; Red Chief
beat Yellowstone; Marjore M beat DUon
Maid; Port Coata Lass beat Hazel Glen; Blue
Dell beat Magnus; Arno beat Moonlight.
First ties — Salvator beat liberty; Tip beat
Dewey: Duke beat Westport: Rich and Art
less a bye; Port Costa Lass beat Marjorie M-
Arno boat Blue Dell.
Second ties— Tip beat Salvator; Rich and
Artless beat Duke; Port Costa Lass beat Arno
Third ties— Tip beat Rich and Artless; Port
Costa La»s a bye.
Final— Port Costa Lass beat Tip.
Port Costa Lnss, first money; Tip, second-
Rich and Artless, third: Arno. fourth; Duke'
fifth; Salvator. sixth; Hazel Glen, seventh; In
nocent Daisy, eighth.
Mountain Belle Was Speedy.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— There was a |
good crowd at Agricultural Park to-day
to see the coursing, though the weather
was somewhat unfavorable, being cloudy
and windy. The sport was good, most o*f
the courses being long ones.
Mountain Belle won first money, B B
and B second, Lassie Hays third, Stella
fourth. The rest divided. A number of
entries have been received for the big
Christmas day meet, and all the indica
tions are that It will be a great success.
A big delegation is looked for from San
Francisco.
YOUNG HEBREWS ORGANIZE.
An Association for Mental and Moral
Culture.
A club or association having for Its ob
ject mental and moral culture was organ
ized at B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street,
yesterday afternoon by a number of
young- Hebrews. The meeting was called
to order by Joseph Seeman, who stated
that there was no organization of such a
character for the boys of Jewish families
In the city, and the present gathering was
for the purpose of bringing the matter
before them. He Instanced the Young
Men's Christian Association as an exam
ple of what such an Institution could do
for the young fellows, and suggested a
like organization.
The young men present harc:y knew
what they did want or how to go about
the matter until Rabbi Voorsanger was
called upon to get things into shape. The
rabbi soon had the meeting on parlia
mentary lines and its objects clearly de
fined. He told them that an association
merely for entertainment in the way of
debates or amateur performances would
have a very short existence. The mem
bers would soon find that they could get
a much better entertainment at any of
the theaters at probably a less cost than
at their club. He has helped to start a
number of such organiations in this city
during the last dozen years. They had
flourished like a bay tree for a few meet
ings or a few months an<; then went out
of sight, never to be heard of again. He
suggested that the promoters of the new
club put it under the protection of some
strong and firmly established organiza
tion, and mentioned that of the Emanu-El
Sisterhood, which, through him, offered
the young association the use of its rooms
at 1310 Folsom street, free of rent. Dr.
Voorsanger also promised that six at
torneys, six physicians and himself, also
another rabbi, would lecture and take
part in discussions upon current topics
before the society, which would be a
moral entertainment as well as mental
culture.
The offer was accepted unanimously,
and under the tuition of Dr. Voorsanger
the boys soon effefcted a temporary or
ganization, with Ernest Conn president,
Joseph Freeman vice president, Robert
Shenson secretary and A. Liberman treas
urer. Committees were appointed on
name of organization and constitution and
by-laws.
In the matter of fees and dues there was
a disposition on the part of the young
men to quickly fill the club treasury, but
the guiding hand of Rabbi Yoorsanger
got them down to a more moderate figure,
on the plea that owing to the liberality
of the Emanu-El Sisterhood their expenses
would be nothing. Teh cents a month
will be the canlta tax. The association
adjourned to meet at 1310 Folsom street
next Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
It is said that the amended Penal Code
for Japan does not contain any reference
to the death penalty, which means that
.capital punishment is to be abolished at
the same time as ex-territoriality.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over o,ooo,ooo Boxes
fc^^^frps^lf W,fIES &%B
Sl JsLoMJS'iMO
FOR BILIOUS AND KERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head- •
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costivencss.
j Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous aud Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be : : . - I
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PIIXS, taken as direct-'
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the ays*
torn and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And bar* the "
LARGEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores,
Doctor
jSS^*^^^k M E Y ERS
rap Specialists for Men
i \«M *l K^Sy* T^lJ' Tli«iophy»tclan«havel»«n
\\ j?s*. . , \^S trarttd atlmcnti »lnr« IBM.
v5 lWu yUa^ They bave the Urepßt and
iS? wiSC' t. A'JitSiMS Ji'tlt"t!on, an.l tli« *>nrt ex-
Z&& x^w^rw^ll ttn * iTe i> ricttc ' in tbo u - a
&B%i V 1^ Unfortucate mm who ran-
lgj»( j^>J \ a^ '•«• <">^ private book—
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ Al> ? < F S K .^L
ThoQsaDda cured at borne;
All letters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 SAX fgllciSCO } Elevat " r Entrance
Use f*^ m< *
Facial Soap s£ / Facial Cream.
Acne, Pimples. Comedones or Flesh Worm*
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 W 42d St.. New York. 163 State St.. Chicago.
Inventor of Woodbury's Facial Soap and Facial
Cream.
Sld 1^ V3TAL3S
,!r^fif^i?9/^ THE NEW
istDar. ShJL^*s». lA^ ym rrjc ciny
t tsrtar ion, Day. «!a* vsw_ Tr lllCHilßlii
yiTALis mh^- at % llfcmCUlll
f-R'jplTKs THF. ABOVE TOth Day. llknlEUl||
5! iLli?".i L1 i?". ltquiekly*snre!yremor»sKen,oniine>i Imi>.'t<-nr>
KwhUjr Emission., Ml Dreams W (i B( Dl.wsw .^ .Ueffecti
rf.elf-a»use or excess and Indiscretion. Restores Lort Vltalirr
Power and Tailing )|™. Wards off In»»nllT and (Ww[l
tlon. Cures wh.n all others fail. 1n,," on havin * VIT \I7S~
no other. Can be carried in the vert pock.t. By mall *1 ©d
OALI'MET Ol'BfiW.! R34l»e«rW B st., nitti*
■old by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. nad O*ktea&
Munyon'sHeadache and IndlgestlonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure' every form of ; Headache: in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build :up the sys-
tem..; It should ,be in every home . and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
IMPRVIT A " |esWm VITALITY
imt LOST VIGOR.
j4gg]|S) ■" AND MANHOOD
MSR~LSji Cures Impoteacy N«ht Emissiooi and wis(in«
WMf 3pl diseases, ill effects LOST VIGOR,
■■" AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotcsey Nifht Emission* and wasting
diseases, ill effects ofsell'abuse, or excess and
,1K ;v^jj indiscretion. A nerre'took and blood'fcuilder.
i « -**Bt Briags the pink glow to pale cheeks and re-
fc ffe^ZJ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
BAv^RW >»*• 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
Ffilfl^fP^euartntte to cure or refund the money.
i ■mitt medical Go., CTitet * Jackson $t»., EWcaas.
WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant are..' San Franotsco.
&i2j%£m& RUPTURE, :
wE^jL^»<^2Bßf USE NO MORE IRON
ffCBpZ-Xffcgdßßr Hoops or Steel Springs.
ff--^CKJaal£y-y Rupture retained with pane
' B-^J*S^<. and comfort, and thousands radl-
; WL--'iffML ~i. call >' CURED by; DR. PIERCES
m /Mt^ Magnetic Elastic Truss, i lET Call at
; .^■^ r :_ of flee or write for New Pamphlet Na 1.
MAGNETIC [ELASTIC TRUSS CO., ;
620 Market St., qpp, Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
- r: '" "' ;;" ADVERTISiMENTS. ■ _____________
■■■■■■HnHnHßi
K8& " Whisht — the Eyetalyan is shmokin' Sale of Nort' Carilini— f.
fr% what a shnap fer me ! ! " S«
M '
p Knowledge of the real superiority of |
| Seal of North Carolina §
— —
m is not confined to Americans* For I
H twenty years it has been better \
M known to all nationalities than any 111 1
other smoking tobacco* It has 1
g millions of friends — old friends — |
M loyal friends who will never change* j
g ' &
II -["he Original Plug Cut I
M I Always the same— \
M Mild and Cool. j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■ODTUKRX PACIFIC (OJIPAJIT.
(PACIFIC BTSTEH.)
Trains l«ny« nnil me ring la nrrlve Ml
KAN 111 A\« »•>«<>.
, (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tE*VB — From Nov. 29. 1898. — arrivi
•0:O0 k Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations. . . •8:45a
":OOa Benlela, hni.iun und Sacramento.... 10:40*
7:OOa MaryßTille, OroTUleand Redding ria
Woodland 3:15p
7iO0» Klmira. VacsTllle «nd Rumsey »:43p
* x»tt a Martinez, San Baraon, Vallejo. Napa,
C'altatoga ao<l Santa Rosa Oilfir
8:00a Atlantic Kzprdui, Ofden and Kant.. »i».'>p
■:IIOa San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
- lone, Sacramento, Mury^lilo,
Chleo, Tehima and JReil liluff . .. 4tlSp
8:89a Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4: 1 Sp
•»:30a Milton »7:15p
•:OOa Martlnei, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton, .
Merced >nd Krenna ItilSp
••••a rre.no, llakenflel'l. ,Sa».U l?Brb»ra,
' . Lot Adi «l«, . I>9ra!nc, El Paso, ;
New Orlrans and Rut •t4<>r
........ Fresno, Mendot.l, Tracy and Mar-
tinez ....::.;... •.:..•..) 0:-I3f
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martins* and Way Stations 7:4!»p
•• I :O*p Sacramento niter Steaiimrß "UiOOp
I8:00mM1cs, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota,
Hamford, vli&lis, Exeter and Por-
terrllle : 4:1 Up
ltO«p Kilns, dan Jose and Way Statiom... 11:41)*
San Jose, Kllesand Way Stations... }U:l3a
IJTermore, Ban Jotte. Nile* and Way
Stations... {10:15*
«»O«p Martinez, Sao Ramon. Vallejo
Napa, C.'alUtoga, Itl Vnrano ami
Nitnta Itoßa til»»
4iOOr Beniela, VaeaTllle, Woo. II and.
Kniciitu Landing, MaryßTllle, Oro-
vill- aixl B»cr»m«. itii 10:43a
4i3OFNUes. Ban Jnge and Stockton 7ilO*
3:0«r Mc.ri.locE, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mnja-Tr. Santa liarbara and I. on '
Anceles. ... ..V.. .'...*... 8:43 a
O»oOpHniif» I'd Atlantic Kxpresi
#,^ »»^.i,T« iii.l »r^. t . . . «:43p
C : OOP Marti ne», Lathrop,' Stockton.
M«ros4 and Fresno Ki:l5P
T[3«oop"i u«.«. vMk, I.UUM, lii I'aso, J
Fort W<Tth, I,iitie Rook, H».
Louis. Chicago and East §6:43t
niOOr lCiiropean Mail, <>s''eit aud Rnst. ... »i43a
«:OOp Haywards, Nilensnd San Jose T:43a
•«:OOp VaIUJ .;;:......,....... 18:13p
J7:o»r VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
Mods :»:4Br
■>OOr Oregon ICxpreas, B»rr«i>iento, Marys-
»llle. H0.1.11i.g, I'ortlniid. I'iiget
Sound and Kant ...■........'..■..... «:|I»A
b1O:O*f "Sunset Limited. " Fresno. Los
Angeles, .Kl Pato, New . Orleans
and East.. •.:'..•. ...."■ Hrlßr
'MAN l,KA>i»l(O AMI lI4VUAKI»S LOCAL.
' (Foot of Market Street.)
lle(ro*e, StMiiiimrr I'ark, f
8:OOa - Htchlmrpr. Klmfiars>, «>4Sa
<0:OOa San Lrandro, Sonlli San ' t*»t43/
lO.OOa Leanriro, Knln.llllo, 10:43*
<II:OOa Lorenzo. Cherry - 12:45
il:OOr - an( 11:45p ..•
2 ! 22 llsywards. «»j»«-
4i9or I Enns through to Niles. 7143p |
' J I From Nllts. ■ ■■ ■ [
COAST OlYlilON (NarroTf l.iiiiKP).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
Bil3a Newark, Cent«rrli)e, San Felton,
Boa:derOrcek,BaaUOruz sod Way
8Ut10n5................. StS«p
•8:1 5r Newark. CeDterrille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
' Santa Cruz ■ and . Piinclpsl Way
5tati0n5..... .....;............,.;. »IO:3Oa
4:13p Newark. Baa Jots sad Los C.atoi... 9i2oa
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
' Way SUtioag .......... ' {7:20p
CREEK ROUTE. >ERRY.
rreaSm fRIHOISCO— of Mirket Strett (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. |l:flO «3:00 $3:00
*(:00 tS:O9 *6:oor.ii.
rromOHUID— of Bro««w«t.— "0:00 8:00 10:00*.M.
418:00 *1:00 tg:OO : *3:00 11:30 ■ *5:00r.M.
/; COAST 111 VISION (Broad (Jauge).
' (Third mid Townienil Stii.)
7:OOa San .lone .mhl Way - SUMnns (Now "
AlDiaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... li3or
»i««A Han .l.wu. Trot IMmis, Kant.i Prnr.,
l'acine Orote rasa Rubles,- San
Lulu > hi|.ii. QnadiilnpA. Surf and
Vrtiiutpal Way Stations 4:10'
I«i4»a Sun Joso ami Way Stations *BiOOa
UiKOa San Jose ami Way Stations. SiB3a
•ai4Oi- San Mat«o, 'Redwood. Mcnlo Park.
Palo Alto, SnaU Clara. San .line,
Gllroy.. Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, ; Monterey : . and Phclilc
(Jrtire .' •lO:SSi
*S:*np Sau.lose and Way Stmllmis *V:O«a
■ •4:ISr Ban.loseaM.l Principal Way Stations 9:43a
•5:OOp San Joee and Principal Way Stations 6iS3a
3:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations , 5:»«p
«::«Or San Joss ami -Way 5tati0n5.......... / 7:»«p
Ml:t3r Ban JonmulWa; 5Ut1mi5......... 7:^o r |
■^ A for Mnruiug. .'.-■.- V for Afternoon. ~
' 2, Hmi "'»> '■ excelled. < } Sundays only. ♦ S:itiiriiM.v»oiily
H Mondays and Thursdays. " a fuendays and Saturdays
|B||njdai« and Wednesdays- •Thursdays and 3uudaL.».
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' .Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL- VAJLLET
AND SAN RAFAEJU i
WEEK DAYS— »7:H>, »S:SO. ll:0U a. m.: •1:45 i
1:45, 5:15. *S.OO. 6:30 p. m. : i
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday, j
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ,„ !
SUNDAYS— •10:00. »U:»0 a. m.; »1:1J» i
S:00, *4:80. 6:15 p.m.. -
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAF AFX, TO SAN , FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •«:35. .7:45. *i:SO a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. "3:45. 6:05 p. m. ';•■'■"-'. -'•-
EXTRA ' TRIPS on • Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at.- 6:40- p. m. - '-I.'' — * -'A
' SUNDAYS— «:M. *8:06. * •10:00. *U:o6 a. m.l ,
•1:16. *1:1». 4:40, »«:20 p. m. ■ 
Trains marked • start trom San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. \
- WEEK DAYS-5M5. 8:45. 7:53. 8:40 a. m. :
K:B6, *:45. 3.50. 5:20. p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. _ • :■ „ 1
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 10.-05 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20. I:2s, ,
: 1:00. «:20 p. m. -• - • *
'■•■'.•".>•■ • THROUGH TRAINS. :
1:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sts/na. '
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and ;. war J
v- stations. ■'-■-■■ :..-•"-■-■'. : : ■ I
|;00*. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way at a' a.
Weekly Gall, $1.50 D6rYear ;
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFASI*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:Jt.
*:30, 6:10, $:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
l at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at LM
, and_ll:So p. m.
' SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. 1%
i 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
I RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:11.
I 1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 1:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40. U:18 a. m.: 1:44. its.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive ~
Kan Francisco.- In Effect San FrtwcU«v
; — ■ October W. •
Week Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. d2.,5. Days.
' T:Soarr. :00 am Ncvato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
' t:3opm 3:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 10:25am
. :10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton.
j T:loarc Windsor. 10:23 an
Healdsburg,
Lytton, .
Geyservllla,
' t:Sopm 8:00am Cloverdala. 7:53 pm 6:23 pta
Hopland and
7:80 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:Sspm e:t2 pa -
; 7:Soam lft:2saia
8:00 am Guernevlll*. 7:25 pm
I t:Bopm ' 4:JSpm
I:Soam 8:00am Sonoma 10:4Oaxn B:4oaa
and
: 6:10 pm s:oopm Glen Elian. 6:10 pm 6:22 pa
7:3oam 8:00am Eebastcpol. 10:40am It: 2s ara
, 8 pm 6:00 pm 7:3s pm| B:22pm
"~ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
; ferville for Skaggs Springs: at CloverdaU for
; the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlott
Spring*; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
: Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's,
; Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle. Git's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brans.
Westport. Usal, Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bells Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
6cotla and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
E. C. WHITING, . R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Areas,
California
Limited
Santa jf|? Hoisle
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY, FRIDAY. ; >
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M. th«
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesdav— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
, and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and .Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
! This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
' SAH FRMCISCO TICKET- OFFICE— m MARKET ST,
TKLErHONE MAIN 1031.
Oakland Offios— lllB Broad-way.
Sacramento Offlca— 2ol J -Stresi.
San Jose Office — 7 West Santa Olara SI.
■ — '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
- VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. n
From Nov. 10. 189S. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. | North-bound. ,
Pasßen- Mixed. Mixed. Passes*
ger. I Bunday . Sunday ger.
Dally. Kxc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:*0amll0:20am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10am 2:ospm Merced • 12:40pm 4:o3pra
11:40am s:3opm . Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:4jpm Hanford • 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:2opm 12:30am Bakersfield 2:3oamill:2sani
12:53 pm| 8:50 pm ..-. Visalia ' 6:40 im| 1:15 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco. ■.
[Ami T^ALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.) «-.•»■.
Leave j Ban Francisco, commencing - Sunday.
Sept. 11, 1898: ;.- . .
' Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. t. /
Sundays-S:00. 10;00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. SM
Round trip from Mill Valley, H. ' ~
. THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. «21. Market
street. , San Francisco. ■ ' ■
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THIS
KreHt ' Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. - Depot, 323 Market.MINING BOOM
AWAITS THE
COMING RAIN
Unprecedented Prep
arations for Work.
MANY NEW MINES EQUIPPED
AN ENCOURAGHTG OUTLOOK
FOR THE INDUSTRY.
Good Late Rains Will Cause the Em
ployment of an Army of Men.
Possibilities of a Great
Revival.
The mining Industry of California only
awaits the kind offices of the weather
clerk to inaugurate the greatest era of ac
rvitv in the mines since the exciting days
of the early fifties. The authority for this
statement is Julian Sonntag, one of the
best-posted mining men In the State.
"If we could have some good heavy
rains during the remainder of the winter
and the early spring there would be a
remarkable revival in the operation and
development of our mines," said Mr. Sonn
tag, yesterday afternoon. "This Is due to
the fact that so many new mines have
) een prepared for work during the past
year. In addition to this numerous of t..e
:nines that have been idle for years
have been rehabilitated and only await
the benefactions of Jupiter Pluvius to
resume their former activity.
"By reason of the lack of rain and snow
In the past year, Colorado took from Cali
fornia tlio prestige of being the greatest
of the fe'<>id producing States. The Cen-
State will add from $20, W0 ,000 to
>,000 of j-'old this year to the wealth
Is country, but with our present facl
- if we could have a couple of reason
ably v.i i winters we would not only break
!>■, ir spl< i. did record, but again become the
producer and contribute a vast
lint to the resources of the State. I'ne
■ preparations for operations that have
been made this year, will, in the event of
the coining of necessary rain or snow, re-
Hiilt in the employment of an army of
would be important consumers
products of this fctate. In I
would be directly or !
> benefited. Notwithstanding j
nt weather conditions I consider the j
k for a great and genuine mining j
tl exceedingly good. All we need is
"The situation at this time Is unprece
the fact that there are no hy
■ min< a now In operation and most
lartz mines are closed down.
ither lode in Tuolumne and
Amador counties have put in steam
power in order to continue operations, but
this Is a costly luxury. However, this is
a climatic condition that has not existed
since l v -M. and may not be experienced
again years.
"So we will have to jolly up the rain
man, get the proper precipitation and
ish the world with our enterprise
d accomplishments. "
ALFRED NOBLE AND DYNAMITE.
This great inventor, the Eon of a Swed
i.-h inventor, was a man of great daring
and extreme sensitiveness, due, it is be
.. to physical ill health. While his
v.iito was distrusted he did the most
1 ss things with it, digging a quantity
dangerous substance, for instance,
iv .-t' v .ask with -a knife; yet "he was
ularly susceptible to headaches
d by bringing nitro-glycerin into
ct with the skin. They affected him
lently that he was often obliged to
iwn on the ground in the mine or
y in which he was experimenting."
man of vast reading and much
feeling, beincr, moreover, so fas
tidious that he never could find a wife
. he thought up to his intellectual
was deeply disappointed by not be
ing made a Fellow of the Royal Society,
ad, we gather, in his nature an ele
of whimsicality which his great
'1, not all made from dynamite, for
he was at Baku a great petroleum dealer,
; 1 ■ gratify. "Being very ner
and tiring of the pictures around
him, he made .arrangements wih one of
the largest picture dealers In Paris hy
which he could select any picture he liked
and have them hung on his walls. As
soon as he was tired of one set he sent
iack to the dealer and selected oth
their stead." He was the inventor
of cordite, and died In IS9B at the age of
iving his large fortune for the dif
■u of scientific instruction.— The Spec
tator.
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
M Nfer*X DO if
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In CorrMponiittf With Any tf th« rtll*wi«f flrmi Pittas Mention "Th« GalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
TU\l CfHnEVlWfi Shipping trade supplied.
WIH- 3VllUfclllPlU»63a Broadway.
BELTING.
Ln ncr.ru Manufacturer of Beltlne and
P. lltUtrl, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
»lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs . and Ship
Work.
Office and Worts— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Abore Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DfllCkl £ CAMC— Makers and Dealers In
OKIE" tt JLandaus Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate ave. and Polk
at., San Francisco.
"~cascalereine bitters,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. L-axa-
{JV* At aJI dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1517 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
000 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS A- CO., practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing, Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed.
f FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC RftYFC X- fft Shipping Butchers, 104
JAy DUILO CC UJ,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
~~ HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
A||||A Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
■ ■IInJV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
O JIIU tor catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
WWIIW 739 Market street.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters & Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
DODGE LINGERS AT
THE FLESHPOTS
Still He Seeks to Down the Mayor's Veto
With Votes of the Push.
THE defection of Man Friday
Dodge from little Robinson Cru
soe Phelan has left all the sor
row of a great loneliness on that
desert isle in the political waste, the
Mayor's chair. Contrary to the good
old story, Man Friday has forsaken
the master and the dally feeds of
simple political fruits for the sub
stantial fare and fattened paunch
that are to be had only at the flesh-
pots of the blasphemous and un
godly.
That little item of thirty-odd hun
dred dollars for barnside portraits
for political purposes, which Friday
Dodge neglected to mention in his
official returns of "expenses in
curred" during the late campaign,
has brought more woe to the May
or's little family than even the way
ward one had figured. But he has
steeled his ungrateful heart to all
entreaty and up to a late hour last
night remained on the contrary side
of that Valencia street advertising
fence, from behind which he is mak
ing his tight against the veto of his
erstwhile master, that these "por
trait debts" may be paid.
BALDWIN NOW
PROPOSES TO
USE DYNAMITE
He Talks of Blowing
Down Hotel Walls.
SAYS THERE IS NO DANGER
SEES A CHANCE TO SAVE MONEY
FOR "LUCKY B."
Proprietor of the Burned Hostelry
Says He Is Paying Laborers
50 a Dty and There Was
No Strike.
E. J. Baldwin has about made up his
mind to use dynamite in demolishing the
tottering walls of the burned hotel. This
suddenly awakened desire on the part of
the owner of the property to hasten the
work is by no means due to any regard
for the mandates of the authorities, or
for public opinion, but solely to a desire
to save a few dollars which the slower
process of tearing down the ruins by the
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De.
scrip tion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, E35 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading cry-goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000
SYZ & CO., Agents,
-.-. 801 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
ILLMITILI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 ana 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers,
PRINTINO. :/:
EC HUGHES, m PRINTER,
• V- 1 1 UUIILOiHI Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T r a phlc PARTRIDGE %£»;».
THE HICKS- JDDD CO-, .3±S? n t
TYPEWRITERS.
g£gL All Typewriters Rented.
CN="3Ca» Few partly used for sale cheap.
iStil§3iL AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
jH9fcS|f&k L. &M. ALEXA^DER.
"*^b*ic— a - 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI nVIW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LtnIII»fulI 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 6927.
THE SASs r FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
From the ad grafter's standpoint
that Valencia street fence, which
Crusoe Phelan has forbidden every
body to build, is worth a thousand
a year of any man's money, and
with the concession granted, no mat
ter what the heartbreaks that at
tend the operation, they would con
sider themselves well repaid for any
little favors In the caricature line
done in the unthinking heat of a
hot campaign.
But only the life of that veto will
receipt the debt, and that's why Fri
day hus given Crusie the shake to go
on a spectacular crusade of friend
ship Into the camp of the enemy.
To-day will tell if he has chosen
wisely, also if the push has really
been taken in by the versatile Asses
gor-elect. As it stands he has five
votes to help him in his financial
straits, but it takes nine to do the
business, and as a prominent mem
ber of the board, whose name is
withheld for obvious reasons, said
yesterday: "Chure, we've ahl had
a flnce or two oursilves In times
past, and whin we wint to him for
bread he gave us a sthone. I think
I'll have business In the chorridore."
eystematic work of a gang of laborers en
tails. In order to effect this saving Mr.
Baldwin is prepared to go to almost any
length, regardless of the danger to those
employed in the work ana to the hun
dreds of passers-by, whose lives will be
in Imminent and constant danger from
flying debris in case he Is allowed to
carry out his plans.
The idea came to Mr. Baldwin like an
inspiration, and he now. talks of the use
of dynamite as though it were no more
dangerous than so much sawdust. The
use of a high explosive first suggested It
self to his mind when his efforts to reduce
the miserable pittance he had been pay
ing the laborers in clearing away the
ruins first became "the subject of adverse
comment. He at once decided it would
be cheaper to blow the walls down than
to tear them down. Speaking of the pro
posed use T, L dynamite yesterday after
noon Mr. Baldwin said:
"I can bring those walls down very
quickly with dynamite, and while I have
not made up my mind, fully to use it I
am considering the subject. If the explo
i»nk. 8^ care ( ull3r Placed and properly
banked there is not the slightest danger
in its use to any one. The advantage
would be that the debris could In [hi
ft wnf away in less than half the time
oroceßs ta V\ Under the Present slow
STnri? B Sow. l ha .ye over twenty men at
"thtt tw 7*^ 1° * say< " continued he,
& 2ffnS»^tSS they are €
ivcuj satisfied with that There hn«
The fact that a d wIU of no strike."
by Groom and Edlin to save^ome™? their
by Groom and Edlin to save some of their
H^ C^ from the rulns ls receiving $2 a
day d d not appear to strike Mr. Baldwin
a L beln & any argument In favor of his
?f£ ir V? c same w , a^ es - He Indulged in a
I%Z ch °,£ e remarks about the Tnedd e
some talk of some people and the news-
Edlin gan was removed from the base!
Edlin s safe was removed from the basp-
Sfd 1^ building yesterday afternoon
an , d also a large amount of smoke be
grimed and a water-soaked bolts of cloth.
7^7?**™™ have as yet made no at
tempt to rescue any of Groom's property
and cannot do so until Baldwin's wreckers
remove some of the heavier timbers and
iron beams that block their way
The force of police detailed to keep ven
turesome + people away from the danger
line had their hands full yesterday. Bi~
crowds hung around ,, the Market-street
side of the Building all day and the side
walk In front of the Emporium was lined
with a wonderfully patient and . curious
throng, who st d for hours gazing at the
ruins as though they momentarily expect
ed something to happen. to reward them
for the time put in without pay. If Bald-
JJ'.miFi ?>, n a W char ?es of dynamite to
tumble the already shattered walls to the
ground as he threatens, something will
happen, and that something is likely to
prove disastrous to any crowd such as the
one referred to. Experts declare that tne
use of dynamite is always dangerous
where there is such a great amount of
loose debris lying about and that no mat
ter how great the precautions, flying
splinters are always to bo feared.
The chloride of lime strewn over the de
bris by the Health Officers has not done
away with the stench, and although Bald
win still vehemently declares there are
no more dead bodies in the ruins, his dec
laration is not likely to convince any one
especially as he made the same assertion
before the body of Judge barter was tak
en out of the place a few days ago.
ST. VINCENT DE PAUL SOCIETY.
The Quarterly Meeting Shows Many
Acts of Charity to the Poor.
The quarterly meeting of the Society of
St. Vincent de Paul was held at St.
Francis Church, on Vallpjo street, yes
terday afternoon. Previous to the after
noon meeting ahout sixty members of the
society attended the 8 o'clock mass and
received holy communion. This act is in
keeping with the fourth ful© of the so
ciety, and guarantees to each participant
a plenary indulgence. At the meeting in
the afternoon John M. Burnett, president
of the society, with P. J. Thomas, sec
retary, were in attendance, as was also
Rev. J. J. Prendergast, with a full rep
resentation of the fourteen conferences of
the society in the city. The secretary's
report showed that there are 500 mem
bers in good and active standing within
the San Francisco Jurisdiction. The good
work done by the society during the past
year included the relief of 1405 families
and 4352 individuals; and 3152 visits were
made by members. The amount received
was $7098 63; expended $5378 38. The distri
bution of this amount was for food, cloth
ing, fuel and other necessaries of life
wh^re, in the majority of cases, the most
abject condition of poverty and suffering
was presented to the visitors. There is a
balance remaining on hand of $3008 20.
The next quarterly meeting of the so
ciety will be held in St. Patrick's Church.
Communications were received from the
parent headquarters in New York giving
an account of the financial standing of
the society, as also of the good work done
throughout the Eastern cities.
The Old Lady Identified.
The old lady who was knocked down
by a wagon driven by Richard Ervin, a
boy, at Golden Gate and "Van Ness
avenues Saturday night, was identified
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning as Miss Mary Mahan, an inmate
of the San Francisco Union Shelter. 225
Golden Gate avenue. She is still uncon
scious and the worst is feared. She is
said to have a wealthy brother in this
city.
Have you »een the new collection of paint
ings at Wm. Morris' art rooms, 248 Sutter? *
PEDAGOGUES
READY WITH
THEIR SUIT
Civil Action Said to Be
the Scheme.
AUDITOR TO BE ENJOINED
ATTORNEYS MEET TO-DAY TO
COMPLETE PLANS.
Somehow the Tip Is Out That the
Directors Will Audit November
Claims on Wednesday
Afternoon.
This morning Judge John Garber and
Attorneys Olney and Olney will meet
with the committee appointed by the as
sociated school teachers to arrange final
plans for the legal campaign that is to
begin against the Board of Education.
The meeting will amount to not much
more than a formality, as the plan by
which the teachers will proceed in their
attempt to force the payment of their
November salaries is already practically
settled.
The first step was taken when nearly
SOO of the pedagogues signed and swore
to formal demands fur their last month's
pay. These demands will be presented
to the Directors at the regular meeting
of the board on Wednesday afternoon,
and the subsequent action of that body
will indicate just how the prearranged
plan will be put into play.
The proceedings will be distinctly civil,
but of a double nature. As the plan is
now arranged the Auditor will be first
enjoined from auditing any and all claims
against the School Board until such time
as an adjudication is had of all of the
questions that are at point. Following
the injunction suit will ba instituted
against the Directors by all of the 800
teachers, and all ivho may yet decide to
participate in the action, as party plain
tiffs to" the complaint. With the injunc
tion operating while the suit progresses
there will be something tangible to levy
upon in case of a favorable decision be
ing rendered.
Albert Lyser, principal of the John
Swett Grammar School, is in the van of
the movement and is confident that it is
along the line that will bring quickest and
most satisfactory results. In an Inter
view last evening he said:
"I am more than gratified with the
unanimity that the teachers have shown
in entering into this fight. I have been
active in it from the start, but solely for
the purpose of establishing a principle
that will protect the teachers in the fu
ture from any such arbitrary action, not
from personal motives nor for personal
spite against the Directors. In fact, with
regard to the Directors. I think that they
are public servants and that the teachers
they have employed have not the right
to criticise their action in any matter
concerning school administration. I do
not think it politic to say at this time
anything as to the legal course that we
will pursue, though the committee has
fully decided upon it.
"It has been contended by some of
those who have not entered into this
movement that in bringing a suit against
the Directors we will be tying up our No
vember money for six of eight months,
with no prospect of either immediate or
remote benefit, but with the parallel ao
tion we propose to bring we will not only
get our pay but will fix the position of
the teacher with regard to the financing
of the schools upon a solid basis, so that
in the future, if the time for retrenchment
and economy comes, there will be no
question of whether or not it will be ad
visable to hold back the teachers' pay
"The resolution that was passed by' the
board depriving us of November pay was
so constructed that had we remained qui
escent, taken no legal action, we would
have simply agreed to let that month's
salary go, and we never would have had
recourse for it. Our sworn demands will
be presented to the board on Wednesday
and its action then will decide our imme
diate course."
Thomas H. McCarthy, vice principal of
the Washington Evening School, is not so
sanguine of the success of the plan of the
allied teachers as is Professor Lyser Ho
has declined to swear to one of the formal
demands and has withdrawn from active
participation in the fight, but he is in
sympathy with it and will put up his pro
rata of the expense that will attend upon
the proceedings in the courts.
"I cannot see," said Mr. McCarthy,
"what the teachers are going to gain by
any other proceedings than mandamus
A writ of mandate takes precedence in
court over all other matters, but the civil
suits that are proposed must wait their
turn on the calendar, and even if they are
eventually decided in favor of the teach
ers thwe will be nothing to levy upon
The money is gone.
"\\ c started in on this proposition with
the understanding that we would proceed
by writ of mandate, but some of the
young lawyers who hung around the
meetings could not see enough in the wav
of fees in that, and it was through their
planning that the present scheme was
fixed up. I and about 300 of the other
teachers have withdrawn from the fight
though we are heartily in sympathy with
those who have remained in it. We do
not believe that the fee of $1500 promised
the attorneys is a just one. It amounts
to 2 per cent of the salaries, and when the
other necessary costs of suit are added
the percentage will run up to 6 or 8 per
cent at the least calculation."
The School Directors have been anxious
ly waiting an announcement of the pro
ceedings to be taken, and the teachers
have come in for a pretty general curs
ing. Bantell has started an attack upon
Professor Lyser, and seeks to throw upon
him Born* of the blame for the excess of
unaccounted-for supplies that the racing
Director has purchased. Somehow the
tip has gone out that on Wednesday the
board intends to audit the claims for No
vember salaries, and by friends of the
Directors it is claimed that this has been
the intention from the beginning of the
trouble. The teachers, however, look upon
the rumor as simply Intended to gain a
delay.
BURGLARS VISIT
A SHOE FACTORY
SIEBE & CO.'S ESTABLISHMENT,
JESSIE STREET, ENTERED.
Three Notorious Thieves Arrested
for the Offense and the Stolen
Property Recovered by the
Police.
The factory of the Slebe Shoe Company,
21 to 33 Jessie street, was entered by
burglars early yesterday morning and
fifty pairs of ladles' shoes were stolen.
Entrance was effected by forcing open
the side door.
The police were notified and Captain
Splllane detailed Detective ODea and Po
licemen Moriarlty and Koegel on the case.
Richard Boles and John McCann, a crip
ple, were arrested a few hours later and
were taken to the City Prison. They
had gone to a saloon at 547 Mission street
about 6 o'clock yesterday morning with
forty pairs of shoes, which they ottered
to sell. They could not find a purchaser.
Later Boles went to the second-hand store
of J. Goldstein, 231 Third street, where he
was trying to dispose of several pairs of
shoes, when ODea arrested him. He pre
tended that he got the shoes from his
wife, and while walking with ODea to
make his statement good he broke from
him and ran. but was quickly recaptured.
McCann was found at the Mission street
saloon and twenty-eight pairs of shoes
were found In his possession. John Mc-
Crlnk, an ex-convict, was discovered on
Mission street with a pair of shoes In bis
hand and he was also placed under arrest
and a charge of petty larceny was booked
against him, as he was wanted for steal
ing jellies from Getz Brothers, 561 Mis
sion street.
Later it was ascertained that the shoes
in the possession of the three men were
those stolen from Siebe's factory, and a
charge of burglary was booked against
them.
They are notorious thieves. McCrink
has served twelve years for burglary and
three years for grand larceny. He told
Captain Spillahe that this would be the
fifteenth Christmas he had spent in jail,
and he is only 33 years of age. Boles has
been tried for robbery and acquitted, but
he has served terms for petty offenses.
During a family quarrel recently he was
shot by his brother. McCann, the crip
ple, is a clever thief. He is what the po
lice designate a wagon thief; that is, he
steals boxes of cigars and articles of that
description from delivery wagons, and
has been very successful at it.
THE WOMAN'S DICTIONARY.
Check stamp — The device of an un
feeling Government for giving women
trouble.
Clvb — A place where two or more
women are gathered together, and hav
ing two objects — the ostensible and the
real. See millinery opening.
Shopping — That which makes life
worth living.
Gossip — See conversation.
Burglar — The long expected.
Banjo — An instrument not necessarily
musical, but which requires the wear
ing of very pretty stockings.
Birthday — Obsolete.
Hat — Something to be kept on
straight.
Equal suffrage — An excuse for mak
ing one's self conspicuous. See woman's
sphere. Also, the down-trodden sex.
Mouse — An inspiration to agility and
a stimulant to the vocal chords.
New — In most instances the opposite
of old; in one most Important instance
the same as old — viz., new woman —
New Tork Sun.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Mary and Louis Junker (by Edward Metz
ger, trustee) to Herman Murphy, 1776 d 174,
lot on S line of McAllister street, 30 E of Bu
chanan, E 25, S 120. W 55, N 40, E 80, N 80,
trustee 131 3 deed; $:000.
Herman Murphy to Sylvaln Schnalttacher,
same; $10.
Annie G. and John Aston to Abble Tarrant,
lot on X line of Greenwich street, 106:3 E of
Buchanan, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Ella A. Judson to Eliza T. Coombs, Jean
ette S. and O. K. Doane and Mary F. Hlndes,
lot on N line of Grove street, 200 E of Brod
erick, E 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Jeanette S. and Orson K. Doane to Mary
F. Hindes (wife of Edward B.), lot on N line
of Grove street, 200 E of Broderlck, E 25 by
N 137:6; $10.
Fanny S. Downing (by S. C. Bigelow and A.
A. Smith, trustees) to Savings and Loan So
ciety, 1532 d 157, lot on Nff corner of Twenty
fifth and Douglass streets, N 85 by W 125,
trustees' deed; $2505.
Thomas Rynn to Margaret Ryan (wife), lot
on BW line of Bryant avenue (Preston place),
225 NW of Bryant street, NW 25 by SW 80;
also lot on E line of Alabama street, IS2 N
of Twenty-third, N 26 by E 100; gift.
Ann B. Wright to Joanna M. Wright, lot on
SW corner of Alameda and Kansas streets, S
100, W IS, XW to Alameda, E 190; also lot on
NW corner of Alameda and Kansas streets, N
360. W to Vermont, S to Alarneda, E 200; $10.
John and Llllle Laws (Meyer), P. A., Julius
and Emma Meyer to Maggie Riley, lot on W
line of Laurel (Andover) street, 83 S of East,
S 25 by W 110, lot 21, block 6, Holly Park
Tract; $10.
Ezekiel Wilson to Louise Adams, estate of
Clara L. ■Wilson; $1500.
Alameda County.
Lorenzo Walch to Josiah E. Miller, lot on N
! line of Charter avenue, 5S8:1 E of San Pablo,
E 50 by N 123:1%, being lot 41, Tuttle Home
stead Tract, subject to a mortgage for $2000,
Oakland; $350.
Adolphe Zuillerat to Minnie Zulllerat (wife
of A.), lot on N line of McKee street. 53 E
from E line of right of way of California and
Nevada Railroad, thence E 58, N 136.27. W 63,
S 185.61 to beginning, being lot 6. block I, J.
W. Crawford Tra^t, Oakland Annex; gift.
J. A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to F. Walter,
lot on S line of Railroad avenue. 100 E of
Verdi street, E 32 by S 125, being the W 32 feet
of lot 32, Enclnal Park Tract, Alameda; $2400.
Marion and Mary I. Van Ostrand to George
C. Mather, lot on SE corner of Paciflo avenue
and Hlbbard street, S 100 by B 108, being lots
11 to 15, block 38, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda, subject to deed of trust for $2500;
$500.
D. K. B. and Katherlne F. Sellers to F. W.
Van Slcklen, lot on E line of Frultvale avenue,
150 8 of Pleasant street, S 50 by E 3C3. being
lots 4 and 16, block D, corrected map of subdi
vided blocks D and E, Champion Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $5.
H. W. and Alicia M. Jackson and L. and
Kate Everdlnqr to same, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; $6.
E. A. and Martha J. Haines to same, lots
4 and 16, blo^k D, corrected map of subdivided
blocks D and E, Champion Tract, Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim deed: $10.
E. G. Hunt to J. P. Beckett, lot 21, block 25,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Tnwnshtp; $10.
D. H. Beck to C. H. Beck, the SE M of sec
tion IS, township 4 S, R 3 E, warranty deed,
Murray Township; $1000.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to Albert O.
Schweickhardt, lots 5 and 6 In Subdivision F,
Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Vlctorine F. Anthoby to Edward Clark, lot
on NE line of a road 50 feet wide conveyed by
George L. Tait to County of Alameda "where
same Is Intersected by NW boundary line of
lot 1 of Brooklyn Land Company's Tract, SE
I 300 feet, NE 335.45, NW 300. SW 337.30 feet to
I beginning, being portion of lot 1, lands of
Brooklyn Land Comn&ny, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 11, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared ■with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 8.13 12.70
B'rl Bluff 0.00 2.13 5.47
- . \mento 0.00 1.61 3.88
• Francisco 0.00 3.38 8.87
■ fresno 0.00 1.49 1.66
i San Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.75 1.41
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 2.48
Ban Diego 0.00 0.63 1.19
Yuma 0.00 0.70 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum, 89; mean, 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the extreme
southern portion of California and Southern
Arizona. Elsewhere it is clear.
The pressure is highest over the Rocky
Mountain region of Wyoming, Idaho and Mon
tana and lowest In North Dakota. It Is also
comparatively low along the coast of Southern
California. The changes have been slight.
There has been practically no change In the
temperature conditions during the past twenty
four hours.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued cold weather In California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, December 12, 1898:
Northern California — Fair; continued cold
Monday; light variable wind.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Monday;
continued cold; light northeast wind.
Nevada — Fair; continued cold Monday.
Utah— Fair: continued cold Monday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday; continued
cold with frost Monday night; probably Inju
rious to citrus fruit.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair; continued
cold Monday; light variable wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals — Clear;
wind east, 6 miles; temperature, 42; maximum
temperature, 60. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALLS CALENDAR.
December, 1898.
We
Moon's Phases.
rfj-Last Quarter,
*«- December ■ (J.
i
2 |
T
"
B
v
10
17
•>^i New Moon.
W December 18.
First Quarter,
W December 18.
/^ Full Moon.
Vs/December 37.
IS
23
31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the I'nited States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HDGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 12.
Sun rises 7:16
Sun sets 4:51
Moon rises 6:"3 a. m.
C iTime ITlme Time iTime
Si Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
!»LW HW L, W HW
... 3:10 3.1 9:18 6.1 4:45—0.7
HWLWH W L, W
: ... 0:12! 4.1 4:04 8.2(10:08 6.2 5:32—1.1
... l:00| 4.2 4:53 3.2 11:00 6.2 6:20—1.3
... 1:47; 4.51 5:56 3.2! 11:54 5.9 7:08—1.1
i ... 2:33! 4.8! 7:00 3.1 12:53| 6.6 7:87-0.7
' ... 3:lS| 4.9| 8:09 3.0 1:57| 5.1 8:46i— 0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand r-olumn gives the
last tide of the day. °xcept whtrn there are but
three tides, as sometimes oeour. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
SIEAkiEIIS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
| Due.
Dec. 12
Deo. 32
Dec. 12
Dec. 12
Dec. 12
I Dec. 13
I Dec. IS
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dee. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 14
Dec. 14
Dec. 15
Dec. 16
Dec. 16
Dec. 16
Dec. 16
Dec. 16
Dec. 17
I Dec. IS
I Dec. 19
Taconja !
City of Peking.. [China and Japan !
Arrata ! r"oos Bay !
Wellington Departure Bay
Leelanaw Seattle
Coos Bay Newport I
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound 1
Signal Astoria
Pomona Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay
Fulton [Portland
Washtenaw Tacoma
Del Xnrte Crescent City
Alameda I Australia
Corona !Pan Diego
State California Portland
Chas. Nelson... Pu^Pt Sound
Gaelic 'China and Japan
Weentt ITatjulna Bay
Mackinaw Tacoma
Orizaba I Newport
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound!
Ban Juan Panama I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
. cieamer. jjesunauon. Bans, . ■■■■ fier.
Walla Wall Vie & P*t Dec. 12. 10 am Pier 9
Chllkat .... Humboldt ....'Dec. 12, 2 prn 1 Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Australia Honolulu Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Portland Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 24
Cleveland ..(Seattle Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos 8av...... Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 13
Coos Hay.. . Newport Dec. 15, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China& Japan Dec. in, 1 pm PMSS
Pomona .... 'Humboldt .... Dec. 15, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona San Diego Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla ..! Vic & Pgrt Dec. 17, 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 17, 10 am Pier 11
Signal ..... Grays Harbor Dec. 18
Weeott Yaqulna Bay. Dec. 13,
State of Call Portland. Dec. 19, 10 am Pier 24
San Jose...|Panama Dec. 19. 12 m PMSS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. Sunday, December 11.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 28 hours from Eu- j
reka.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bergman, 8 days from
Departure Bay.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, 96 hours from
Nanaimo.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61% hours from
Ban Diego, etc.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 54% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42% hours.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen, 4S hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis, 7% days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 4 days from Eureka,
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, 7^4 Jays from Coos
Bay.
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell, 21% days from
Panama, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24% hours from Monte
rey. •-
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka. , '■>?■■,
SAILED.
Sunday, December 11.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Br ship Rajore, .Crowley, Queenstown.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura.
Schr North Bend, . Schmehl, Wlllapa Harbor.
Bktn W H Dlmond, Nllson, Honolulu.
' Br ship Bothwell, Bellringer, Portland.
Bark B P Cheney, Pederson.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Br bark Hawthornbank, Grelg, Queenstown. . !
TELEGRAPHIC. ",;,•■.::
POINT. LOBO^ Dec : 11, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 12 miles... •'
DOMESTIC PORTS. ' •'-- ? ; .i \~Z'"j.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Deo 10— Bark Lou
isiana, for Muodyville. . ■ , ""
SAN PERDO— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Meteor,
from Tacoma. 1 ' ■■ - ■■■-■■
NEAH BAY— Passed Deo 11— Br ship Celtio
Rrace, - : from • New Westminster, for London;
stmr Washtenaw, from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Wellington, from Departure-
Bay, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Deo Schr
Fanny Dutard, for Ventura.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr City of To
peka, from Dyea.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 11— Br ship
Star of Russia, from Astoria; Etmr Farallon,
from Dyea. . •
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Co
qutlle 1 River, hence Dec 10. -
CASPAR— SaiIed Dec Schr Maxim, for
San Francisco.
HUENEME— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Marion,
from Port Blakeley.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Alca
traz, hence Dec 10.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 11— Schr Gem, for San
Francisco; schr Daisy Rowe, for San Fran
cisco; Empire, for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived Dec Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
ASTORIA— . Dec 11— Stmr State of
California, hence Dec 9;: stmr Columbia, from
Yokohama: stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay. :
Sailed Dec 11— Br ship William Law, for
Queenstown; stmr Elmore, for — —•
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec Schr Norma,
for San Pedro; schr Alice Cooke, for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec Stmr Umbria,
for Liverpool ; Btmr La Champagne, from
Havre.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Georgio.
from New York. .
Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Cuflc, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 11— Stmr Lu
cania. for New York.
V^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jlrr jxjjm 025 KKARM NT. Established
Wri (Paffft in * 85 * for th( ' treatment of Private
Hi Lni ' turn I^ sOIISPa . Lost Manhood. Debility or
Cj£T3JAiJ<6st> dispose wearlngon borl3 - anrlmlnclaael
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
WWW othersfall. Try him.' Charges low.
I^VBi&HHB C'nrcuKuarnnterd. Callorwrite.
J>r. J. I''- uIBBOK, Box 1957. San Francisco.
A salesman who travels for a Bridgeport, Conn., factory reports
that he has always been subject to colds caught from exposure m
drafty places. "I used to muffle myself up no end," he says, "and yet
my head and throat were continually stuffed up and I was hoarse as a
crow. I was watting at Plain&eld Junction for a train one day and
wet a man who gave me a
Ripans Tabule
an*d said he guessed that would cure my cold, and it did. Since then,*
he says, " I always keep the TABULE3 by me and take one at th*
first sneeze. If Ido this the cold seldoms get any farther.**
AUCTION SALES.
ON ACCOUNT of EXPIRATION of LEASE,
mi-loose SAIU
A CHANGE SELDOM OFFERED.
EVERYTHING MUST GO.
OPPORTUNITY FOR DEALERS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 14, 1898,
At 10:30 a. m.
At Warehouse, corner. loth and Valencia Sts.,
We will sell *:•;■.*-■■
38 new Buggies ; 4 Hacks ; 12 Wagons and Carts;
50 Second-hand Top and Open Buggies and
Traps; 6 Surries; Coupe; Pneumatic Bike Sul-
key; 20 Milk, Grocery, Express and Business
Wagons.
HARNESS!
C'" Sets New Trap, Surrey, Buggy and Wagon
Harness; Second-hand Harness; idles; Robes;
Safe and Fixtures.
KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery street.
Art Crockery awl Ornaments.
TO-DAY (MONDAY). AT 11 A. M.,
18 AND 20 SUTTER STREET. UPSTAIRS.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market St.
Cf\ C A N C E R
\\ x^iiffiL*^' and tuho i hospitai
J^% gjßKt ML No ay Until Cured
Br /?&j ■3^^'^ Any lump in a wo-
Oman's breast Is can-
cer. The poison
H^^ quickly goes to arm-
sjjgßMa W^^^. P't. if large it is too
/^^TsSEKmliSsaSr/P^kS '? te - . Men's face and
ti^B^^SfltJJ 1 I^'P a comm place.
*tLii|m^i^' V 80-Page Book sent ■
■ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud. ""
S. R. CHAMIEY, M. 0., 23 & 25 Third St , n'r Market St.
SEND TO «Sf>Mir QNR WITH CANCER
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fcjv Steamers leave Broadway
Kaj^^_ wharf, San Francisco:
1 MJaH^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
, HpftJH^ Eec - 2. 7. 12, 17, -. 27. Jan - 1 -
' I& IEnSI change at Seattle.
i K^StM MI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
flKft^Bll C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
i «^^^DIEBS Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
"*"• 10 a. m., Dec. 2, 7. 12, 17, 23,
I •7 Jan 1 and every fifth day thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry Tacoma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m Dec.
6 10, 15. 20. 25. 10, Jan. 4. and every fifth day
1 For^Santa Cruis. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
an Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport am.. Dec. 3 7 11 15. 19. 23, 27. 31.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles. 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1. 5. 9, 13. 17, 21, 25, 29. Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
i For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 15, Jan.
12 ■ ■ - "■ ■ - "' r " '
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar«* hriiirs of salllne.
TICKET OmOE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO !•' ; " .•':''
FOI^TI-.^3SriD
From Spear-etreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Berths
"Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails.... ....:... Dec. 14. «
STATE OF CAL. sails Dec. 8, 19. 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena " and all points •- In the • j Northwest.
Through ticket* -to all points East. :
■ B. C. WARD, General Agent, :
-.::>. 630 Market street.
OOODATJj. PERKINS & CO.,
... • ~ . . Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique.
~ (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .. ,^^.
(FRANCE). . Sailing every Saturday &*K?*\
at 10 a. m. from . Pier 42, North 2»a£tta£
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE ."". Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE., Jan. 14
First-class to Havre, $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
fHWMMBfI S. 8. AUSTRALIA
JHllliil.^ l1 ' for Honolulu
ITfc B * a Wednesday. December
Cii>^\j\ The S. S. ALAMEDA
oJlri'dlSlltD^ Bails via Honolulu and
CyitCIIIJII! r ' Auckland for Sydney
lOfllß7ll?tr»'Wednesday i December
■ \j£llip\JlW4 28, at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE-
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
"TfISITOAVMARD AND YALLBoT
•. Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat I
-9:45 a, m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
I Fridays .'.l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays...... 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and ■ offices— Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1508. -
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LESSON OF
SCANDALS IN
THE COUNCIL
Should Be Learned at
This Time.
STODDARD'S OPEN REBUKE
ASSEMBLYMAN KELLY IS AFTER
OFFICIAL BEATS.
Christian Science Has Become a Fad.
Why the Oakland Exposition
Proved a Financial
Failure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 11.
A majority of the people of this city did
a lot of thinking last April. That was
after the water rate scandals. If those
same taxpayers are wise they will do
their thinking as soon after Christmas
iMlble. This will bo before the new
Council shall have been elected. The
same crowd that fixed the rates last year
will have one more opportunity to add to
their records, for the new water rates
must be fix*d in February anrt the Coun
cil does not retire until March. Already
there are premonitions of danger, and the
hand of the water company combination
le Been. The combine always seeks to ac
i-nmplish its purpose by the most popular
methoii. If there be a demand for a re
form ticket, the combine will see to it
t hsit the people pet a reform ticket; if
primaries be favored, the combine will
favor primaries; if a delegation of ap
pointed delegates be the fad of the hour
or if party lines be declared the proper
thing, the water companies fall in line—
and ultimately capture the works.
This time the manipulators for the
combine are in doubt. One prominent
Republican club has declared for ap
pointed delegates, the Municipal League
is in the field and will put up a city ticket
and the stalwart Republicans demand a
primary. The combine will want which
ever method is most popular, because it
is a shrewd politician.
Hut Oaklanders have on rare occasions
shown wisdom, and certainly there is a
demand for it at this time. Now is the
time to revive the lespons of those exhi
bitions of collar-wearing of last March.
Now is the time to recall the spectacle of
the adoption by the solid six of the
Hennciierry and the Woodward ordi
nances and the ignoring of the report of
the committee which had gone over all
the testimony. Xor must the spectacle
of that mem "able night be forgotten
when all the water company's magnates
brazenly sat in the seats immediately be
hind the rail to see that the majority of
the Council performed the business for
which they were elected. Now is the
time to recollect that the men who acted
on behalf of the people they represented
were Cuvellier, Girard, Pringle. Rowe
and Upton. Of the corporation votes, the
less said the better.
Assemblyman Kelly made a little speech
at the meeting of merchants a few nights
ago that was altogether too short. The
propriety of passing an act of the Legls-
Inture making it possible to attach the
salaries of public officials was the sub
ject under discussion. Mr. Kelly favored
its passage, and for this reason: "I am
in business myself, and I know the trouble
I have with some of the city officials.
You just can't collect from some of
them." Ap Mr. Kelly is a laundry pro
prietor the question arisos. Who among
the honorable Councilmen and Board of
Public Works do not pay for their wash
ing?
Thomas C. Stoddard, the defeated Dem
ocratic candidate for County Clerk, has
startled his many friends and incidentally
displeased the fusion organ that helped to
carry him down to defeat with Its sup
port. For a month after the election
statements were published that County
< '!• rk Jordan's election had been accom
plish-d by fraud and that a recount would
undoubtedly show that Mr. Stoddard was
entitled to the office This statement
stamped its authors as prevaricators, l>e
cause previously they bad stated that
the I'nlon Campaign Committee had so
enveloped the county and especially the
Republican part of it. with such an alr
tipht system of espionage that fraud at
the polls was Impossible This, however,
is a trifle to those who are accustomed to
attempt to fly in the face of truth.
Now rnmes Mr. Stoddard, evidently a
gentleman and a respecter of truth. He
thinks It high time to rebuke those who
have undertaken to lie for him. Over
his signature h<> congratulates his suc
cessful opponent and says that Frank
Jordan was "fairly and honorably elect
ed." Mr. Stoddard is good enough to be
a Republican. "Unionism" Is evidently
not his political faith.
The latest fad in Oakland Is Christian
science. The devotees of this particular
form of hygienic neglfct are no longer
those who we generally denominated
"cranks." It has Invaded the homes of
the Intelligent and is growing rapidly.
There are three times as many Christian
Scientists in Oakland to-day "than there
were a year ago. The Home of Truth no
longer represents the belief of a few, but
is patronized by many families who are
suppose 'i to be ns level-headed as they
are wealthy. Quite recently the son of a
■octal leader was dying on Jaekstin
street while being mistreated by Chris
tian Bcience. When death was near the
frrir of notoriety alone induced the ln
fatuated mother to admit a practical
practitioner, who saved th« lads life,
while there Is no law against suicide in
California, a craze that t*>r.ds to murder
certainly demands public attention.
The exposition has passed and It has not
been a financial success. Neither was it
a success ns an exposition, compared with
former years, not being half as well pa
tronised and there not being near
one-half nf the exhibits. ,t is
very apparent that if Oakland is
to have an annual exhibition there
must be a change. The first exposition
, xc.^odod all anticipations; the last two
have left a deficit. Much of the ill suc
cess of the last exposition was due to
I !.i management, but that is r.ot the sp
rked falling off in exhibits
and interest. The exposition organization
is a private corporation, and there la a
feeling that there should be a recognised
public support behind it. that it should be
an Oakland affair and not a private ven
ture The promoters have made a splen
did stnrt and deserve much credit, but it
Is evident that present methods have OUt
lived their nhin^y z-i produce success.
John A. Brltton is an unfortunate man.
He cannot be Mayor of Oakland unless he
goes out of business. Two years ago ne
was elected a School Director by a tre
mendous vote and was forced to resign
because he j« an officer in a corporation
that does business with the city. He
could not as Mayor, or as any city official
hold office because he is a member of a
> ompany, and th? city burnt gas.
While there is doubtless much to com
mend in the law, in this tnstance It cer
tainly works a hardship, for Oakland has
. dy testified at the polls to Its con
fidence In Mr. Brit ton, and he could un
doubtedly be elected if again nominate,]
However, it is a gTeater honor to have
worked one's way up from a fireman's
to the general management of a big
corporation, enjoying the confidence and
k lodwill of the public, thaii to be Mayor
of Oakland. STUART W. BOOTH.
Lectured on Compensation.
The regular Sunday lecture pt the Theo
sophical Society was held in the hall in
the Academjr of Sciences building lnst
ni-rht. Dr. J. A. Anderson presided, and
There was a fairly large attendance. Mrs.
M. If. Thirds dfcfivered the lecture, which
was entitled "Compensation."
THE RELATIVE
WITH A NOTE
IS MISSING
Successful Working
of an Old Trick.
BUNKOED A PROFESSOR
THE OTHER KNOWLTON LEFT
SOME BILLS TO PAY.
Wisdom Gained by a Professor of
That Ilk Whose Sympathy
Blinded His Judg
1 meat.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 11.
Professor Edwin L. Knowlton is a wiser
man than he was a week ago. His latest
piece of wisdom cost him a hotel bill for
two days and a little chagrin. He is now
looking for his latest acquaintance.
The professor is a very liberal man, and
when principal of a public school in this
county was noted for his generosity. A
few days ago a very bright-looking young
man called on the professor at his office
in the Blake & Moffltt block and told him
a very pretty little story. The stranger
had been "up against it" of late, he said,
and he had accidentally seen the name of
Knowlton on a sign— his very own name.
Curiosity led him to see if this particular
Knowlton might not be a relative— he had
several scattered all over the earth.
The professor at once became interested,
and when sufficiently won over his caller
chanced to remember that he had no-Cash
in his pockets, but he had a note that
would be payable in a few days. Very
opportune, he told the professor, to meet
an Interested and interesting man of the
same name — "so many people would have
a i once concluded I was an impostor,
dun't you know."
The professor was Informed that the
other alleged Knowlton was from Aus
tralia, and this accounted for his English
accent. If the professor could let him
have " 'arf a sovereign"— no, he forgot, a
couple of dollars, It would be so kind of
him. The money from Australia would be
here in a few days, only it was beastly
uncomfortable not to be able to raise the
wind when a storm was so close.
Professor Knowlton took the other
Knowlton to the Henry House and told
the proprietor to look after him. He was
then asked if he would do a like favor at
a restaurant, just till the money arrived.
Quite easy. The professor's credit is good
anywhere in town, bo he took the other
Knowlton to the Barber restaurant, and
he ate there for two whole days, with but
slight intermissions.
The rest Is soon told. The day came,
but no money and no other Knowlton.
But the professor paid up, and he confided
to a friend that he hopes the next Knowl
ton that calls on him will not be a rela
tive, as there is likely to be a row In the
family.
BAN DOWN AN AGED MAN.
Reckless Drivers Cause Dennis Mc-
Carthy Serious Injury.
OAKLAND, Dec. 11.— Dennis McCarthy,
a gardener residing at Thirty-ninth and
Grove streets, was run down by a vehicle
at Piedmont and Moss avenue crossing
early this evening and was found uncon
scious by Motorman Ashford and Conduc
| tor F. J. Thompson of car 107 of the Pled
| mont electric line. Those who had run
: him down did not stop to see how seri
! ously he was injured.
At the Receiving Hospital Dr. Stratum
j and Steward Tobin treated McCarthy for
: a broken nose, an ugly gash on the fore
head and a torn lip. His heart is decidedly
weak, he is aged, and it IS not unlikely
that under these conditions his injuries
may prove fatal.
He regained consciousness and said
some reckless drivers had run him down.
Their identity was not known to him, but
he thought they were boys. He did not
blame them, for said he, "What can you
expect of boys?"
ALAMEDA LOCAL DERAILED.
Great Inconvenience Caused to Pass
engers, but No One Injured.
OAKLAND. Dec. 11.— Traffic over the
Alameda broad gauge lo^l was delayed
for several hours this afternoon, and pas
sengers over that line were compelled to
reach their Alameda destination by way
of East Oakland. This was caused by tne
local coming from the Oakland mole being
derailed at a short switch about i.OO feet
south of the new Harrison-street bridge,
on the Alameda side and not far from an
embankment.
The accident occurred soon after 3
o'clock and was caused, it is claimed, by a
defect In the switch, which has been used
mainly to sidetrack gra.vel trains at this
point.
The first and second cars were derailed
but aside from great inconvenience to pas
sengers and a general shaking up there
was no particular damage and no one was
injured.
. ■» .
Services in the Churches.
OAKLAND. Dec. 11.— Rev. Dr. Coyle,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
to-night delivered the first of a series of
throe advent sermons, entitled "Social
Conditions When Christ Came."
"Applied Christianity" was the subject
of Pastor T. D. Butler's sermon at the
First Christian Church to-night.
Rev. J. T. Punderland spoke on "Pres
ent Day Scriptures" at the Unitarian
Church this morning.
Rev. W. P. Andrews, at Asbury M. E.
Church, to-night spoke on "Satan versus
Christ."
Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church, delivered a ser
mon entitled. "The Bible From God." to
night being the third of a series on "Great
Book and Great Men."
Rev. James Hulme of St. Andrew's
Church officiated at St. John's Episcopal
Church this morning.
Rev. Robert Whitaker preached this
morning at the First Baptist Church. In
the evening the pastor, Rev. C. H. Hobart,
spoke.
"Stability and Progress in Religion" was
the subject of Rev. Charles R. brown's
sermon at the First Congregational
Church to-night. In the morning Rev. A.
O. Stevens of the Plymouth-avenue
Church, delivered the sermon, while J. A.
Benton occupied his pulpit.
Rev. William N. Messerve occupied Rev.
Philip Graif's pulpit at the Twenty-first
street Free Baptist Church this evening.
"Theosophy and Modern Spiritualism"
was the fourth lecture of a series deliver
ed at the First M. E. Church to-night by
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille.
In the absence of Rev. V. Marshall Law,
pastor Of the Church of the Advent, Rt.
Rev. W. F. Nlckols preached the morning
sermon and Rev. W. H. Rit cliff of West
Berkeley occupied the pulpit to-night.
Rev. Joel Martin, the evangelist, began
a series of meetings at the Pilgrim Con
gregational Church to-night.
Rev. H. W. Frazer of Minneapolis occu
pied the pulpit of the Brooklyn Presny
terian Church to-day.
Midyear Examinations Begin.
BERKELEY. Dec. 11.— The final exami
nations for the present academic ■". term
of the University of California begin to
morrow morning. They will cover a period
of about two weeks, ending at noon on
i Friday morning. * December 23. No exer
! cises v will be held on Saturday, the 17th, at
i the close of the, first week. The holidays
are scheduled to commence on Saturday,
, the day before Christmas, and all uni
versity exercises will be suspended until
i January 16. - During vacation the univers
, ity library will remain open from 9 a. m.
I till 5 p. m. on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. /-y 3--;
THE SAN FKAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
MRS. BRANDES'
LEGAL STATUS
COMPLICATIONS CROWING OUT
OF THE ALLEGED MURDER
ER'S FIRST MARRIAGE.
IS Alfred Brandes. now undergoing- his preliminary examination in Oak
land on the charge of having beaten his daughter to death in Berkeley a
few weeks ago, a bigamist? This question will have to be determined
by the courts, and the decision will have an Important bearing on
Brandes' trial.
A few days ago Mary Arellanes, or, as she claimed. Mrs. Brandes, was
on the stand and testified that she and the defendant were married In
Santa Cruz In ISS4. and that she had never been divorced from him. A
search of the records of Santa Cruz County shows that a marriage li
cense was issued to Alfred Brandes and Mary Arellanes in that year. His
age was given as 19, while she confessed to 15 years. Both were In their
minority, and they failed to obtain the consent of their parents or guard
ians, as required by law. They lived together as man and wife, but the
question arises whether they were legally married, not having secured the
consent of their legal guardians.
On this point depends whether the woman with whom Brandes has
since lived and is now under arrest as accessory to the murder is his legal
wife. If Brandes' marriage to Mary Arellanes is valid, then Brandes is
guilty of bigamy. Moreover, the second Mrs. Brandes, not being- his legal
wife, may be compelled to testify against Brandes, and it is believed she
can tell much about Brandes' treatment of the child, particularly the bru
tal beating he administered a day or two before her death, and some im
portant details of the occurrences on the morning the child's body was
found suspended from the bedpost.
If the first marriage should be declared void Brandes will not only es
cape the charge of bigamy, but the second woman, being his legal wife,
could not be placed on the witness stand by the prosecution. Altogether, ii
is a delicate and exceedingly important question that the court will have
to decide.
KNEW HIS PRISONER
WAS NOT JOHN REDDY
OFFICER KEYES TALKS OF HIS
ENCOUNTER IN OAKLAND.
Tells the First Connected Story of the
Affray in Which He Was
Nearly Killed.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 11.— Officer Charles
Keyes, who was shot and seriously
wounded in Oakland while endeavoring to
serve a warrant on John Reddy, is now
at his home In this city and has recovered
sufficiently to be allowed to see a few
visitors. Keyes says he struggled with
his assailant almost from the time ho
placed him under arrest near Market and
Seventh streets. When they reached
Jefferson square the prisoner grappled
with the otticer. Keyes had his man
down and made two futile attempts to
handcuff him. The man finally broke
away, and after running about fifteen
paces turned and began tiring on the of
ficer. Keyes says he pulled his gun at the
same instant and the pair shot simul
taneously.
"I am confident one of my shots took
effect," r-ald Keyes, "because I noticed the
man stagger. I believe I would have
killed the fellow if I had my own weapon,
but 1 was carrying a borrowed pistol and
I was not on to Its action. The first bul
let that struck me was the one that went
through my body. I fell, although I did
not lose consciousness. The fellow then
deliberately walked up to me and fired
at my head, the bullet taking effect in
my Jaw. At the time I knew that I did
not have Reddy under arrest, but from
the suspicious actions of the fellow and
the struggle he made to get away from
me 1 was satisfied I had a desperate
criminal In tow. I was endeavoring to
find an Oakland officer to deliver my pris
oner to when the shooting occurred."
This is the first connected story of the
affair that the wounded officer has made
for publication.
MRS. MENTEL'S EXAMINATION.
Defendant May Fight for Her Lib
erty at Her Preliminary Hearing.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 11.— The preliminary
examination of Mrs. Anna Mentel,
charged with murdering her husband,
will be commenced to-morrow afternoon
before Justice Henry Morris. For the oc
casion the Justice will transfer his court
to Recorder St. Sure's apartments in the
City Hall. District Attorney-elect J. J.
Allen will conduct the prosecution. W.
W. Foote and Senator Guy C. Earl will
represent the defendant. Much evidence
gathered by the police and not yet made
public will be introduced.
In view of the action taken in a recent
murder case here, where the defendant
was a woman, it Is stated the attorneys
for Mrs. Mentel will make a fight to end
the en.se at the preliminary hearing. It
is thought their plea will be self-defense,
but the prosecution has abundance of evi
dence to combat such a theory.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 11.— The funeral of
the late George A. Wigney, who died
Thursday at his home, 15fil Railroad
avenue, took place this afternoon from
the Baptist Church. The remains were
interred in Mountain View Cemetery.
The Alameda Boat Club will meet Tues
day night to elect a new board of officers
and arrange for an entertainment the
club proposes to give In January.
Christ Grau, a member of the Salvation
Army who brutally beat Albert Evans, a
little messenger boy, will be tried for the
offense to-morrow morning before Justice
of the Peace Morris.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Big Crowds and Some Excitement at
the City's Pleasure Grounds.
One runaway- and an arrest for fast
driving made up the Incidents at the park
yesterday afternoon. S. F. N. Shields was
driving alone the overlook drive, when his
horse took fright and ran away. Shields
did his best to control the animal, without
success, and finally a quick turn threw
him from the buggy, but fortunately he
escaped Injury. The horse continued on
Its mad flight, and when It was finally
overtaken by Officer Delegara the buggy
was a wreck. Sydney Perry, a well-known
man about town, was exhibiting the speed
of his horse, and was hauled up and ar
rested by Mounted Officer Artenm-s.
Perry deposited the necessary ball and
was released.
The crowds at the park and Cliff were
THERE IS NO MUSIC
IN COFFRIN'S SOUL
THERE was a dancing lesson at 221 Langton street that has cost
Adolph Schmidt a doctor's bill and a new accordion and has seriously
interfered with the domestic peace of George Coffrin. Coffrin lives
at 221, but he spends some of his time away from home, and yesterday
afternoon was one of these occasions. It wan plain there was something
doing in the Coffrin household during the absence of the master, for the
uncertain strains of an accordion pumped by Schmidt filled the rooms, and
the sound of rapid footfalls beat time whenever the overworked instru
ment lost its wind.
Seated In the best parlor chair was the orchestra, with a can of
foaming inspiration within easy reach of his hand, while the lively feet of
Mrs. Coffrin twinkled between the ceiling and the carpet faster than the
musician's fingers sought the keys. It was a nice little musicale and
dance, and the can was nearly empty before the irate form of Coffrin
darkened the door. His feelings were not all of pleasure, nor were all of
his words printable; not because the Instrument was out of tune or the
lady out of step or because the Coffrin soul wos impervious to melody
when propelled by a hallows and a pair of boards. Nor was It because the
can was empty. Coffrin was just mad.
The accordion stopped with a wheeze, as if it had got a puncture, and
while the lady scurried out of the way the orchestra chose the shortest
way to the front door and made for It. Coffrin has never trained for the
football field, but he is fairly accurate, and the luckless visitor found un
expected assistance in his flight. He landed in a heap at the bottom of
the stairs, and the accordion came thumping down after him. Then the
door closed in the (Soffrin apartments.
Schmidt had both bones of his left arm set at the Receiving Hospital,
besides other minor repairs. He says he will be heard from again. Not
bo with the accordion.
very large, and the Chutes grounds were
jammed with pleasure-seekers. Next Sun
day an ascension will be made by Vosmer,
the noted aeronaut, who was injured sev
eral weeks ago at the Chutes. The usual
crowd of admirers of aquatic sports was
entertained at Sutro's Bains. Following
are the results of the contests:
Fifty-yard novice— D. Harris, first; H. Dough
erty, second. Diving, juvenile— D. Green, first.
Tub race, two in a tub. for amateurs and
Juveniles— F. Doran and D. McCann, first; E.
Kip and H. Anderson, second. 100-yard ama
teurs' race — V. Doran, first; J. Raymous, sec
ond. Trick and fancy diving — A. Hay, first;
F. Seabaoh, second. Trapeze and high div
ing:—F. Itaymous, first; F. Green, second.
As usual, many peoole visited the mu
seum. Among the donations received last
week were: One piece sculptured wood
taken from the Spanish warship Reina
Christina, destroyed by Admiral Dewey
In Manila Bay May 1, 1898, presented by
Captain Hobbs; interesting collection of
relics of the Spanish-American war in
Cuba, consisting of Mauser rifle, Mauser
rifle cartridges, shells from the Cristobal
Colon, Vizcaya, Marie Teresa and Sando
val, steel fuse plugs from different Spanish
gunboats, samples of various kinds of
powder used by the Spaniards, including
specimens of smokeless powder, presented
by Thomas M. Cassidy, U. S. S. Wewark,
Guantanamo, Cuba; one ancient flint
lock musket, date 1808, a relic of the Lewis
and Clark expedition in Montana, pre
sented by J. L. Patterson, Madera, CaJ.
JESUS ENSHRINED IN POETRY.
Rev. C. E. Locke Portrays the Savior
in Poetical Expressions.
Central Methodist Church was crowded
to the doors last night by the members
of the congregation, who came early with
a desire to listen to the eloquent discourse
of Rev. C. E. Locke on "Jesus Enshrined
In Poetry." Following this discourse two
others will be delivered on "Jesus In Art"
and "Jesus in Music."
In dwelling on last night's subject Dr.
Locke said:
This evening we shall view our Christmas King
from the graceful slopes of Mount Parnassus.
Here about us In picturesque groups are blind
Homer, queenly Sappho, and tragic Saphocies,
Horace and Virgil, Dante and Milton and
Versatile Shakespeare; Chaucer and Spencer
and Pope, and Dryden and Keats: Shelly and
Coleridge and Wordsworth, Tennyson and the
Brownings, Whittier, Lowell and Longfellow.
Home of the divinest of these bards have at
tuned their lyres and sung to us of the Christ
mas Savior. ■.
Poetry is a gift of God. It Is the artistic
expression of the human mind In emotional
and ryhthmiral language. It is one of the
fine arts, and is one of the mightiest factors at
work In the elevation and refinement of man
kind. Poetry proves the divinity and immor
tality of the soul. "The more we feel poetic
do we become like God in love and power."
The poet is a priest of nature. He oatrhes
the music of nature and, like Lucy Larcom,
Interprets the rlpplings of the waterfall; like
Wordsworth the swaying of the pines, and like
Milton, the delicate timings of the sunset.
The poet Is also a priest of holiness. It has
been well said that no man can be a great poet
who has not been born again— that is, born
from above. He is a priest of life. The poet
is a priest of Chrlstliness and it Is In this ca
pacity that we listen to-night to his tender and
persuasive gospel. David and Isaiah and Ma
lachi foretold the coming of Christ in rhyth
mical cadences. The exultant Virgin broke
forth in poetical rejoicings of remarkable
beauty as she fully comprehended the truths
of the Annunciation. And In all the hurry
ing centuries as men have felt the genius of
poesy, It is when they have chosen Christ as
their theme that they have wrought master
pieces of song, and moved the hearts of men.
The Dn.ntes, the Mlltons and the Strakespeares
have made themselves Immortal In all ages
bronuse they have permitted God to sppak
through their souls concerning our Redeemer
and his great truths. Poetr are made great
by the majesty and inspiration of such a ce
lestial theme.
In concluding Dr. Locke said: "Let us
associate with the poets. The man who
does not love the great poets has allowed
the subllmer instincts of his nature to
remain undeveloped. By the aid of the
poet we scale the heights of divinity and
associate with the infinite."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. 11.— The Charming
nub of the Unitarian Church will hold its
Ipst meeting of the present year next Fri
day evening. An interesting entertain
mi nt has been provided, to take place in
the church parlors.
Miss K. M. Constant died this afternoon
at her residence, 2320 Bancroft way. De
ceased had lived in Berkeley two years.
The entertainment to be given by the
pupils of the Berkeley High School next
Friday evening, December 16, promises
to be a very interesting affair. Several
professional and amateur performers have
volunteered their services to the manage
ment, among- them M. H. Schwartz, J. V.
Mendenhall and W. Hirshfeld of the Uni
versity of California.
A BARON IS
CRUSHED BY A
FALLING SAFE
Mangled While Work
ing as a Laborer.
INJURIES MAY PROVE FATAL
W. F. FALKENBERG, WHOS3
FATHER WAS CONSUL.
The Injured Man Was Formerly Man
ager for James G. Fair — The Son
of the Late Senator
Visits Him.
W. F. Falkenberg, who claims to be a
Baron, was severely Injured last evening
by being knocked down by a safe he waa
assisting some laborers to lower from the
third story of the building at 328 Mont
gomery street. Falkenberg was picked
up from the sidewalk In a semi-conscious
condition by Mat Stevens, a Baloon
keeper, and was then removed to the
Harbor Hospital In the police patrol
wagon. Drs. Hill and Zabala found that
the man had sustained a severe fracture
of the right forearm, the bone being
crushed to pieces; a fracture of the ankle.
abrasions of the face and probable in
ternal Injuries which may prove fatal.
A diagnosis of the case showed that
amputation of the arm was necessary.
When the Injured man was Informed of
this he asked that the operation be post
poned until he could summon some
friends. At his request a note was sent
to Charles Fair, and as he was not to be
found Falkenberg asked that Mayor
Phelan be called. In response to a tele
phone message the Mayor visited the
hospital, and shortly after his arrival
Fair, accompanied by Dr. Tate, came to
see the injured man. Falkenberg was re
moved to the French Hospital, where Dr.
Tate amputated the arm.
Falkenberg was for ten years manager
of a ranch of James G. Fair in Alameda
County. After the death of the Senator
he was employed by the trustees for
some time, but about three years ago
went to- New York. The world did not
treat him kindly, and about a year ago
he returned to California, and since that
time has been making a living at any
odd work he could find to do.
While drinking In a saloon last evening
a man approached Falkenberg and in
quired if he would not assist him In re
moving a safe down the stairway of a
neighboring building. Falkenberg ac
companied the man, and with his help
and that of five other men the safe was
lowered two stories without accident.
Six men were above the safe with a rope
which they paid out slowly. Falkenberg
was in front of the safe with a pinchbar
to block its progress. In some manner
the men above lost control of the rope
and the safe crashed down the stairs,
carrying Falkenberg with it. The doors
at the foot of the stairs were torn from
their hinges and splintered and the floor
was broken to pieces.
Falkenberg Is an unmarried man, 37
years of age. His father, the late Baron
Falkenberg, was for twenty-six years the
Swedish and Norwegian Consul to
Quebec, Canada, where the son was born
and lived the early portion of his life.
He was at one time superintendent of the
ban Diego Water and Light Company,
and it was while in that city that he
made the acquaintance of Mayor Phelan.
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
I :iaer, Chicago i\V Remie & w. Cal
A' y Hubbard, Vallejo P A Benson, Minn
V G Locke, Chicago ;L Douziglcr, Cinn
3 A Sherrlll. Denver |H Katenborn, Cinn
ft' H Black, 8 Jose C E Hill, S Cruz
F H Wolf. Ft Baker J T Caton, Cal
•; F ("opells, S Jose | Mrs Oakes, Salem
I A Browne. Vallejo iMlss I Oakes Salem
d Carleton. Fort Point J T Cavanagh, Cal
it B Weddlc, Colo jF A Steves & w, Napa
r V Halsey, S Jose jC Gray, Orovllle
r C Perrln, S Jose iE P Ferguson, Cinn .
IV G r-offln. Ha-.vali W H Flint. L Ang
I Lawrence, Hawaii A Lathrop. Alaska
F Curtis. Alameda Miss Rowe, Cal
Mrs Steel. Portland L N errant, Salinas
-{ W Warden. Chicago W Rennle. S Cruz
F Tabor, L Ang J MeCune, Watsonville
F Thompson, Geneva P Tognazzlni. Cal
Z Smith. Portland A Tognazxlnl, Cal
I, E Weyer. N V W Rogers & w. Cal
W Thomas, Chico W F Lf-nzen, S Jose
P Baler, Vlsalia IT Cohen, S Diego
R Burgess &w, Tex A Watterman. Belmont
[ Dockwoller, L Ang J M Andrews. Boston
\ H Lowensteln, Cinn! Miss Brown, Boston
Mrs White. Everett |P W Buell. Stockton
X Oman & w, Seattle 1 J E Ferry & w, Sacto
R S Raw. Placervtlle IJ Hurlburt. Butte
A. B C Dowdell. Cal 1
■ 2_ " r _ PALACE HOTEL. __
R Springer, Chgo A. G .LockeT Chgo ~~
T Flint Jr. San Juan E D Olmsted. Seattle
B J Weller, Ohio IS R P Davidson. Seattle
L Chambers,, Vlsalla, IP H Gellmor. Maine
L, W Lapham, NY .IK H Pitcher. Livermr
G S Dearborn.* N V |Q Illraud. Paris :
C F Osborne, Conn IE F Murphy, Wash :
G Pickands. Ch&o !H Alldyor, S Rafael
F. Thompson.. NT II W Gregory. Conn
p '-Wilson.- Stanford •-■ L R Crane. S Cruz
S II Well, NY Mrs S H Weil, N T
C E Berß, lowa . U M Smith. X V .
V. C Eichmuller. Paris D, J Mcdbury. N V ■
Miss L Requa, X V ; A Cntalu. N V -
Mrs Hardlson. S Paula Mrs Olmnteci. Seattle
■NY- ' - ' Mmc Bromeau: NY'
G C Hunter, ' NY J C Ells, Ohio
W Mas?. NY A I^awhls. N,"S -'
Mr & Mrs Gray. PorMd W L, Hardlsan.* S Paula
Mrs . F. Be*boy. ! Portlnd I Andrea , Catalu - & ; m
R Baumbdii!?h. Seattle Pattee. Oakdale . '
A H Loweni«teln, Ohio I J Block. X V •■•
Kittle Owens, PortlndlS W Zeimer, N V ;
L Danziser, : Ohio . "|J L Haymnn. X V '""■-'■
H Kattenhorn •; Ohio Mrs P H Gell mar. Me
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL,." ■ /^ :<-f
L Young. Ohio ■ • MB LloGee. Ky
Miss M Young, Ohio Miss A Murphy, Wash
Mrs E Young, Ohio ; G M Starkey, Seattle •
A F Adams. . Colo ... E Samzeliue. :. Xebr
Miss ABolte. NY A M Hen. lowa
n Scanlan.San Jose . 8 W Moser, Nebr
J Van Boreen, Fresno !H Hunter, Angels Cmo
H Van Bor<en. |W Chlnn. San Dleeo
B Palmer, LAng '• B Smith, Fresno
J II Molker. Stockton i :*.V- ;-..' :.• ■
■ ♦ ■ -_
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 11
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 32*4 days from
Hongkong-, via Yokomaha 19 days IS hour,
via Honolulu 6 days 20 hours. nours,
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 24 hours from Usa.l
bound south: put in to land paasengera
Schr Lettltla, Wilson, 8 days from —^
OLYMPIC SPBINTEBS.
Hundred-Yard Dash, With Handi
cap, at the Club's Athletic
Grounds Yesterday.
A hundred-yard dash with handicap,
was run yesterday on the athletic grounds
of the Olympic Club. The following are
the entries, with the handicaps; Abclell.
scratch; Burgess, 4 yards; Kennedy, 5
yards- Conley. Bowen and Klarman, 6
yards: Bush and Herbert. 8 yards; Taylor,
9 yards. The results were Is follows:
First heat— Abdell, scratch, flrst; Bush, 8
yards, second; Conley, 6 yards, third. Time,
il seconds.
Second heat— Eurßess, 4 "ards, first; Bow
man, 6 yards, second; Kennsdy, b yards, third.
Won by three yards. Time, 11 seconds.
Third heat— Klarman, 6 yards, first; Taylor,
9 yards, second; Herbert, S yards, third. Time,
11*3-5 seconds.
Fourth heat, between men placed second in
previous heats, to decide which should run in
the final heat— Bowman, first: Bush, second;
Tavlor. third. Time, 10 4-5 seconds.
Final heat— Abdell, scratch, first; Burgess, 4
yards, second; Klarman, 6 yards, third. Ab
dell ran a plucky race and won by ona yard.
Time, 10 3-5 seconds.
The Kids "Were Bested.
The Golden Gates defeated the Gamossi
Kids in a close and exciting game of base
ball at Recreation Park yesterday by a
score of 6 to 2.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner e7 Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the '-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until C:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; ♦'pen until 9:80 o'clock.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until fl o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. '
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. ~J\_
R. A. degree. By Instructions of the jKJC
h. p. /^r>
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. • .
NOK) AVd SIHX SuiJsawi pail^O— "K ~J^-
DAY), December 12, 1898. at 7:30 p. m. IKJC
Deg. 1. By order of the W. M. /^r,>
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
FRANKLIN Savings and Building Associa-
tion—Notice is hereby given that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the above
association will be held at the meeting room.
No. 413 Bush St., on MONDAY, the 12th of
December, 1898, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting.
WM. HATJE, Secy.
F. LUDEMANN. Pres.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its ba^.K-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p." m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
' transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 9. 180S.
SPECIAL NOTICES."
ELLEN~DEAN m66rE~m7 D. f 220cTihattucit
ave.. Berkeley, Cal; offices, residence and
private home for .Invalids; phone red 721;
hours, 2 to 4 p. m.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 7-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
• painting done. Hartma.nn Paint Co.. 3*l 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS superior cook, best of refer-
ences, desires a situation; J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. ..'.- : „
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
■ and houseworker; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH first-class ' laundress wishes work
by the day or month. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
good waitress; 6 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wants a place In lunch
house or restaurant to work over lunch hours.
Call or address 78% Clementina st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In pri-
vate family; would do general housework In
Email family. 227 Hayes st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Call at 1212 Scott st.
LADY desires housecleanlng or washing by
the day. 1113H Howard st., room 21.
WANTED middle-aged woman, position as
• seamstress with dressmaker; would be gener-
ally useful: small remuneration. A "••ess for
one week, box 436, Call.
YOUNG lady would like position as companion
or assist morning and evening for room and
board. Address N. M., box 450. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker will accept a few
more engagements in families; ladles' and
children's clothes a specialty; references. Ap-
ply 1212 Scott st.
AN experienced American cook wishes position;
good references. Apply 319 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED young lady, from the country,
desires position as bookkeeper; cashier or of-
' fice work; city or country. Address 462 Minna.
AN experienced dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day or would take
work home. Call or address 1309 Lyon st.
— Situation .by a respectable young
woman; Is a good cook and laundress; or
would do - general housework; willing and
obliging. Box 416. Call. - . . -
DRESSMAKER wants few more engagements
by the day. 635 Golden Gate ave. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to do house-
work by day, week or month. 246 Sixth, room
13, 2d floor; don't ring bell.
WANTED— by the day by reliable
woman: washing, housecleanlng or cooking.
Address M. F.. 11l Elsie St., Bernal Heights.
GERMAN woman, reliable cook, wishes posi-
tion In good family, German preferred, as
cook or housekeeper. Address 929 Pine st.
NURSE to go out by the ; day or week. In-
quire at 207 Minna st. ■ : .
WANTED— By man and wife, to work in camp;
woman to cook and man willing to work at
■ anything; can give ■ references. Address box
906. Call office, Oakland.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want and *üb«rrtnt<nn* taken.
• SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT German man and wife desire
situations In the country; woman good cook;
man can do any. kind of work; best refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help., QEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
COLLECTOR— Young man. good address; thor-
oughly capable; several years' experience;
salary or commission; good chance for doctor
or dentists; best of city references; is a good
salesman. Address box 414. Call office.
GERMAN cook and baker wants situation for
ell «r <*»c d JlOJ 10 " 8 * - or res taurant. Please
WANTED— A place by man and wife on ranch
club or country hotel. Address 219 Seventh st!
WANTED— By man and wife, to run a board-
ing house, In mining camp, mill or factory •
..woman Is a good .cook and understands her
tartness: iS neat and £ lean: man willing to
work at anything; is handy with tools; can
run an engine; is a r good fireman or watch-
man ; ; can^ give best of references. Address
box ul2. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
7 2££2 m «. «Peaking English and Spanish,
wishes position : in • « office t> or commlesion
..' dr^'b P tS m an; °° d ; refercncM - Ad '
CAPABLE, industrious . man wishes position
as , superintendent -of r ranch; . highest refer-
ences; large experience. - Box 491, Call.
YOUNG ;, German, understands ■ the care of
horses and : cows, can ; make himself - useful,
desires situation.- Address box 459. Ca11. ,..
STEADY married man wishes position around
private place: understands care of garden,
etc. ;: reference. - 1715, Stockton st. ; v
POSITION as clerk or cashier in hotel ay mar-
ried man; 9 years' r experience in one house;
uest of references." •>• > J. ; E.. box 437, Cal! office.
EXPERIENCED hotel' and restaurant man
, wishes a situation in a hotel as manager.
Address box 449, Call. : .; ■
DRUG : clerk, graduated prescription clerk,
wants ■ position; good references. Box , 417,
Call office. -:■ v ,' . ■ . ■ ... .■. ■ . :'
SITUATION wonted for a ; first-class carpenter
.' In an Institution lor somewhere else; able to
..go as foreman. Addrer.s A. D..- 1050 Howard.
CHINESE experienced cook and : good laun-
• dryman. wants place In family. W. 11.. 1006
.Stockton Bt. • ■ ' -.'.'- :-.'. ■'■.-- ' ' ' -' ■ -
■CARPENTER, cabinet ; maker, c first-class ' me-
chanic, wants situation. Call or address 120
Valley ; st. ..^.^ •,.;.,..>•";:,.'.; •-;.;.■- ■ .'■
JSITCATIOXS WAKTED-Contlnned. i
r r¥u % ">"£• 21 . wo^d^ikTa^yndnToT^voTkT '
Call or address 2135 Post st.. near Broderick.
F^_«-°« bread and cakes. Ad-
W k£^ S ™£ House, "Third st., near Mar-
ket, 200 rooms; 2oc to $150 night; $150 to $8
ITS IL,^ VeD . lent and respectable; tret 'bus
ar.d baggage to and from ferry. -
Help wasted— ~^L
?amil? 4- nd sew i ng ' J2O; laundress, private
familj ,2o; % cooks, $25; 4 waitresses, res-
J™h ' e / c ,' Sl5 and * 5 we «*: a "d a large
"H^ 1 . « Nslrls for housework. J. F. CRO-
bfc.TT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
G SsH*JSLi h ?V- sew , ork - San Rafael. $20 and
'ii 3 .' nn M . $lo; Sakcrsaeld. $20; Fresno. $20;
££"}«•«?; and other s- J- F. CROSETT &
2 SECOND girls. $20 and $15: nurse. $25- Ger-
man or French governess, 525; 15 housework
Eir s, city and country, $20 end $25; 6 yTung
s."SirlS'". "Sir IS'"* 1 ?1 ° t0 * 15 MISS CULLEN? 325
N fAT girl ; assist light work; $12. MISS CUL^
i-<c.r<i, 3Zo cutter st.
M?S MM S AA C NUN UL S L^ m : t Ilf Su ff t nn e d B r°° d «* «*
"^S?cm:L^: d 32f SS 1 u^ : S P : Sle^"^^.
SEAMSTRESS, $4 per week. MISS CULLEN.
COOK. $25; second girl. $20; nursegirl $12-
woman with a child; houseglrl. $25;' two
young girls to assist. $10 and. $12: 10 house-
girls, $20 and $25; second girl, $15. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. »■»*■■ «"^a-
WANTED— chambermaids, nurseglrls
and girls for housework. 631 Larkin st.
WANTED— Good reliable German or Swedish
girl for general housework in Fruitvale; fam-
lly 3. Call 140 Twelfth st., city.
WANTED— soubrette and ingenue to
travel. Apply 10:30 this- morning at Califor-
" nia Hall. Bush and Powell.
WANTED— Neat girl to assist light housed
work ' and child. 1135 Devlsadero St., near I
Eddy.
PROTESTANT girl to take charge of infant:
must know how to sew. Box 346, Call office.
GIRL to watt restaurant table. Rooms 10 and
11, 34 Kearny St.; wages $15; sleep at home.
APPRENTICE on tailoring; paid while learn-
ing. 803 Montgomery st., room 10.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in housework;
must sleep home. 414 Jones st.
WANTED— Energetic ladles. 513 Taylor st.,
from 10:30 a. m. to 1:30 p. m.
WANTED— One extra waitress. Apply 604
Seventh st., near Brannan.
FIRST-CLASS operator and finishers on cus-
tom pants. 623 Bush st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1217
Webster st.
WANTED— young girls to assist waiting on
tables. 638 Fourth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 771 Eddy
street.
APPRENTICE wanted on vests. 956 Mission
street.
YOUNG girl to wait at table. Call at 136 Sec-
ond st. >■.-;-■
WANTED— Young girls to learn finishing;
pants. 560 Fourth st., near Brannan.
WANTED— steady finishers on pants.
560 Fourth st., near Brannan.
EIGHT waitresses, city and country, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 cooks, smallV 1
boarding house,- $25; 5 restaurant waitresses,'.
$5 and $6 week : 2 lunch and dinner waitresses,
$20; lunch waitress, 60c. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ■
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl for pri-
vate family, country, $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK. Berkeley, $25; housegirt, San Rafael,
, $20, see party here: houaegirl, Fresno, $20,
fare paid, see party here; cook and house-
girl. Contra Costa County, $20, choice place;
housegirl, Lorin, $20; German nursegirl,
choice place, $15, and a great many cooks
and housegirls for city. $15, $20, $25, and
many young girls to assist. $10 to $12; nurse-
girl in hotel, $15, sleep home. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT woman to cook on small dairy ranch,
$20, fare paid; woman cook, plain country
hotel, $25: girls for housework, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Young lady bookkeeper; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Address S.
P.. box 407. Call office.
WANTED— GirI about 16 years of age to as-
sist In light housework; small family. Ad-
dress box 410, Call office.
EXPERIENCED tailoress; must be good hand.
121 Post st., room D. •
10 MIDDLE-AGED good business women
wanted. Call Monday at 766 Market St., be-
tween Third and Fourth, room >2.
YOUNG girl for light housework: »8. Im
Treat ave., corner Twenty-fifth Bt.
GOOD reliable girl for cooking and general
housework. 9 to 12. 1420 Sutter st.
TALENTED lady amateur for a road com-
pany. Box 286, Call office.
FINISHERS on custom coats who understand
operating. 528 Howard st.
IN wholesale house— Experienced labeler. Ad-
dress box 415, Call office. -. ■ - ~
LADIES, gents, to take work home; no experi-
ence necessary. 136 Sixth St., room 2.
FIRST-CLASS salesladies for cloak and suit
house. Address box 347," Call.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE: lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
RESPECTABLE working housekeeper, age 30
to 35, for a small mountain ranch: permanent
home to competent party. H., caTe L. SAN-
• DERS, Ophir, Or.
GOOD pants finisher. SV4 Monroe st., off Bush,
near Stockton.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP AV ANTED—MALM.
WANTED— Machinist for country; 6 coal
miners, $1 ton; man and wife for hotel
kitchen, $45; restaurant cook, $10; restaurant
waiters, $6 week and $35 month and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
MURRAY &' READY Phone JS4S Main
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want .7- a. m. Monday
5 laborers, city manufacturing company, $1
day and board
26 woodchoppers $1 and 70c cord
20 more tlemakers So and 100
6 granite block cutters. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. -
ALL-AROUND butcher for a large ranch. $30
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
BAKER, country shop .$8 week and board
Candy-maker ..' country
C00k5;............ $10 and $35. and $9 week
Walters, dlshwashA-s. etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
JACQUETTE. formerly civil engineer Valley
and Sierra railroads, please call or send your
address to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Tel. Grant ISS 1
15C0 railroad laborers for ■
Ska«uav. fare reduced t0..... ;i-U
$12 £0 Skaguay ........... .^..512 St
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock. 25c to
35c a yard for earth: day laborers average 8
hours at 30c and 35c. Further particulars
and tickets at C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S. 104
Geary st. steamer sails Monday. Decem-
'-,. ber 12. p
UPSTAIRS porter with references; first-class
hotel. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
20 AX men, redwood; 20 tie makers. 9c and lla
apiece; 20 post makers, year's job. fare $1.
■ see boss here; 2 scraper teamsters; farmer
and wife, $30: slate splitters, $2 50 a day;
night cook. $50 and room. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. ■ ■
WANTED— Attendant for institution near r'tT
at $25 per month, with board, room and wash-
ing' young man, with some nursing experi-
ence preferred. W. D. EWER & CO.. 623
Clay st. ■ -■ ■ ■ |.-
DISHWASHER wanted. 1008 Hyde st.
BOY wanted; one willing to work. Apply room
19. 22H Geary st.
BARBER, assistant; board and wages. 60T
Castro St., near Eighteenth.' ;-.•.■■'•■■..
BOY to work in cafe and bakery; little expe-
V rience. Apply 515 Third st. -,
WANTED— experienced man in bottling es-
tabllshment. Apply 337 Waller St.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 ,Mont-
■ gomery St.; ' convenient place; third floor.
GOOD cook wanted. - 432 Fifth st. • .
BOY wanted at Lick Laundry. • 9 ' Lick place.
COOK . wanted for : boarding house.' 322 Main
. street., . ;. 7 -•,;•- . ■;
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
S rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied, \
unmarried men between; the ages of 21 and 30 }
■ years, who are citizens of the united States,
. ■; or those \ who have legally declared . their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
9 acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 6 inches
f and 6 feet In height. - For further Information
apply 'at - the ' Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
. Ban Francisco. Cal. ;■;■.;■. o .
TO go : to-day— pairs t men's ; second-hand
shoes, some nearly, new. from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged. 4 price. 682 Mission
" at., bet. First and Second eta. Open But. days.HELP WANl'ED—Contlnued.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms. 25c per nlgl.t; «1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
St.. < men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 23C per
night; We. Me and $1 per week.
CAfcKIER and helper with $150; good security;
$35 a month and hoard.- 656 Geary st.
WANTED-^Flrst-class tailors on custom coats.
106 Battery st.
S YOUNG men to gn south on nice cruise at
it HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms 1542
Market st.
MEN and women to learn -barber trade at San
' _ Francisco Barber Collage, 138% Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 825 Grant ave.
TRY Llndell House, sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.: ISc. 2.".c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
yto $2 50 per \vk. Eicho House, 863% Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
_ Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. 5ec, .104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Putter St.
• SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE. furnished, fine. large, sunny and. airy
room. 23c night. Uosednle House, 321 Ellis st.
.TItY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 85c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED. .'..
WANTED -Man's second-hand overcoat for
cold climate; send description and price. Box
•34", Call ■rice. ■
LADIES to sell "Ladles' Friend"; half profit;
no capital required. 1126 Markm at., room 2.
" — — ~"~* i
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN passinc the winter here desires.
a handsomely furnished suite of parlor, bed j
and bath rooms: sunny; north of Market ;ind
within half a mile of Kearny Ft. Address
COMFORT, box 254, Call office.
TWO or 3 furnished or unfurnished rooms; use
of bath: central: cheap. Box 463, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS,
WANTED— For cash, a good upright or square
piano. Room 12, Flood building.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st j
PHOTOGRAPHIC nnd mafttfl lantern app»- :
rmtus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery rt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H.~C~DKCKERrio2O -"Market sT.T opp7~Fifth.
ROOM CORNER HOUSE
■-. —JUST FINISHED; NEW FURNITURE— 1
ONLY $500 CASH. BALANCE EASY PAY-
I-.:-; S-Rootn^n Market.
B-Room Flat on Market.
FINE LOCATION FOR A DOCTOR.
ONLY $250.
60-room hotel and bar ...$7OlO
S2 rooms: reduced from $.1000 to ... 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 2;>o
22 rooms: exchange for house and 1r.t... 2200
..4S-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500: EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house nnd furniture.. s S3O
B rooms; new furniture; cost $550. T/.-. - 200
12 rooms on Market: rent $40... 430
10-room house; only 1,-,0
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 ■...; 550
4ii-room house; corner , 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED SHOWING
CLEAR TITLE.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
A— KP.EDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
9 rooms: nice house; clears $23 -...$323.
11 rooms; bay-window corner: transient.. 500
11 rooms: Geary; doctor pays rent GOO
14 rooms; all bay-windows; a snap.,; $.00
17 rooms; Jones St.; clears $75 700
23 rooms; Fifth st.: clears $75 «ft.i
SO rooms; best on Kearny; offices 22»0
103 rooms: best known house on coast.... 4000
And others. Cail and get list. KREDO.
A— s2ooo; 34 rooms; best house In Oakland;
clears $150 month: also 40-room house, Oak-
land. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
$600—21 rooms: all one floor: best-paying house
on Third st. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st. .
A— s2 ROOMS: elevator $2000
4' rooms; rent $90 ... : . 2000
4 5 rooms r boarding 2500
36 rooms: Market st 1400
.■?n rooms; corner: country 1000
. - MO.SJ2Y LOA.NED. .;— MONEY IJOA»EI>'
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st. ' ,
V/INSTON & I On 646 Market St. - '
18 rooms: cashtnayTfiente $10 monthly.
19 rooms; part cash; near Market..-..:... 850
15 rooms; Post st. :, good Investment...... 900
25 .ms: north of Market; r c nt $75; only.. 900
♦o rooms; near Baldwin; g. it bargain.. 1200'
"A— HOUSE o7 35. rooms: rent $50; on
Stockton st.: sickness in family cause of
great gain, WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market it. „ '•
$650—12 ELEGANTLY furnished rooms; O'Far-
rell. near Larkin. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st.
CARPETS of a modern housekeeping apart-
ment house; central; rent reasonable; present
-Income $100. J. HAYDEN, Oakland Post-
office. ;:
LODGING house for sale; on account of sick-
ness: 2?. rooms: nlcely furnished: a sacrifice;
$1200. Address box 1557, Call office, ■
. HOUiSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
f.97 Ellis st. ;
MUST sell; going East; 33 rooms; all full. 711% :
Mis- st.-.-m ■ j
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS"
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
SYRACUSE bicycle good as. new, $18; 22-lnch
frame. 230 Van Ness ave. . '
PICTURE ' framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches. 10c; 10x12, 15c; 12x16
■ 20c: 14x17. 25c; 16x20. 3Cc; X 22, 33c; "20x24, 45c:
'. 22525, 60< ; curtain poles complete, with wood I
or brass trimmings. 15c; room molding, all !
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies I
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission St.. be- 1
tween First and Second: open evenings.
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; price!
' ISM.
Cost $360; diamond crescent. 69 stones; price
$4™. '
3 diamond rings, $130, M and $65. s
' New Arlington, 1015 Market st. .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-l<m-IIKS Mission st., j
above Sixth.
A FINE Hardman, slightly used, cheap for
cash. Room 10, Flood building.
FIX horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., Sl» Mission: mi. Br. 831.
NEW sealskin saeque for sale; reasonable. Ad-
dreFS box 4fcB, Call. •
GASOLINE Engines— 1 horse poVer, $100. I, $125;,
' 3. $150^ 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St. -
COMPLETE tailor's outfit for sale; also 4
; rooms and bath for rent. 318 Leavenworth. •
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. C23 Golden Gate ave.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SECONDHAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
•J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
- building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 757.
SAFES Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
~ DENTISTS. "~
A METAL plate for the ume price as rub-
' ber; full set of teeth. $5; crovns. $3; fill-
Ings, ioc; teeth, without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason St.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed , 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
- our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless 2nd warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
rm. george" W. LEEK. 20 b'Farreii st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received 8 first prizes: :
no Ftudc-ntß; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold. *1 up: silver, 25c
up: bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, !>6'J Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $3 up; fillings, 2"c up; all work pain-
less nnd guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
597 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUW HILL. 1443 Market ft., near
■ Eleventh; crown?, bridge work i*nd fillings a
specialty.: nil worlc reasonable; pas given,
PARIS Dental Parlors, 23. . Kearny: set of teeth, •
$4; filling-, gold. 50c; silver. 2*»c; crowns. $3.-
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3: set. 16 yrs.
SET of teeth without a '.plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG. 1841. *Po1k st.  '. "
ALL' work reasonable and' warranted. VR. J.
'- W. KEY, USD Market St. : '
BUSINESS; CHANCES.
A— S4OOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
of ' groceries, liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; best
location on Mission St.: death of owner cause
of genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st. ■' ' ■
A— sl2o0 — COAL and wood yard; established
many years; doing good business; horses, and
wagons; rent $25; death of owner cause of
nnle; genuine good investment. ' Call WILKE
& UNFUG, :"•>' Market st.
A— SSOO— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County;
fine, bar room; 2 parlors; 7 bed rooms; large
grounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
List class paying establishment; owner to
leave for East; a bargain. Particulars
WILKE ,v INFIX!, MM Market Ft.
A— ?1000; CORNER grocery and bar: established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $»5.
WILKE & UNTUG, MM Market st.
A— JSSO; SALOON near H. R. depot; net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain in the market. WILKE & UNFUG,
I>U6 Market st. -
A— ssso; SALOON on water front; 10 furnished
rooms, piano, etc.; rent $20: a good paying
place; sickness in family cause of a great
ba rgnin. :.:..:.■. UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— ?«30; CORNER drug store; established years;
large prescription and store trade; rent $27 50;
no opposition in 4 blocks square. WILKE &
r\! ! G, 906 Market st.
A— s7oo— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis st.; 5 living rooms; rent $25: doing a good
paying business; owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG, 006 Market st.
A— SC3O— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65; partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUO. 906 Market.
$2250— CORNER saloon north of Market St.;
building- with C rooms included: present owner
. 20 years. ln .s,a.me place. M. LESS. 785 Market.
RESTAURANT between shops and fac-
tory: six living rooms; rent only $25. M.
LESS. 765 Market st. . -
$1000— SALOON in good country town; build-
ing and lot Included; living rooms;. owner
•has other business; can be seen in city. Ap-
ply M LESS, 765 Market st.
$22.-|— SALOON, vicinity Third and Mission sts.;
1 living rooms; rent $22 50; business IsO. K.
Do you want a bargain? Can -you tell one
when you see it? M. LESS, 765 Market st. _
$400— SALOON; boarding; 16 furnished 'rooms,
always filled:. A 1 location: everything In tip-
top shape; big bar trade; house crowded;
. seller made fortune there in 5 years; trial.
M. LESS. 7«5 Market st.
$4bo— REST A ANT north of Market St., near
large carhouse; well paying; good steady
trade >•• r round; worth looking Into. M.
LESS, 70.". Market st.
PAYING -cigar store: principal street;
value in sight: 3 living rooms and bath; rent
$15; no opposition; genuine bargain. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business: parties willing to sell give, us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave,
A— s2so— POSITION at $76 .per month; light
work connected with established' business;
good security; full investigation, i National
Agency. 7 Grant ave.
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month: asnap.
$-..'.- Cor. grocery and bar; clears $76 month.
$250 Restaurant; No. 1 location;, clears $00 mo
$75 -Branch bakery; Market st.; rent $15.
$125 Cigar store; receipts $150 per month.
Bargain at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$200— PARTNER wanted; old-established
brokerage business. S. H. GOULD & CO..
632 Market st. »
CIGAR STANDS, $150, $200; fine locations;
good trade- bargains. S. H. GOULD & CO.,
632 Market -St.- . .
BARGAIN in saloon; good location; fine trade;
death compels immediate sale; do not fail
to Investigate. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st. -
$500— GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up; fine
corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
.sale; bargain. S. 11. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st.
A— s4soo: drug store, corner: a rare chance; one
of the best In the city; receipts $35 tos4odaily;
full value In stock. KREDO. & CO 22% Geary.
A— s2oo; branch bakery and notions; $10 dally; no
' conSpetition: rooms. Kredo & Co., 22% Geary.
A— s32s; cor. grocery and bar; fine stock and fix-
tures; bargain. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— sl7s; cigar stand; $10 to $12 dally; value in
stock; must sell. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
A— s3so; saloon partner; best cor. So. of Mkt;
Enap for right man. Kredo 4 Co., 22% -Geary.
$1000 — Milk dairy depot; paying business;
lease .5 years; bargain account of going
East. X. . LOWENSTEIN, .".4 Kearny St..
rooms 10 and 11.
$500— BARGAIN; grocery and bar; 3 living
rooms: old-established place. See Nf LOW-
ENBTEIN, 34 Kearny st.. rooms 10 and 11.
$1000— DAIRY and milk route; 4 horses: 2 wag-
• ons"; 4 hatrness; 200 cans ami all necessary"
" things ■ for first-class 'business.. JONES. 865
Market st.
"•$375— SALdON: 'full value In stock, flrtures,
etc.; 4 rooms furnished; rent $20' month, must
be sold on 'account departure. Apply Capitol
.Liquor store,,- . 269 Third st.. NE cor. Folsom.
WELL-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full: reason for selling sickness: must
sell before winter; 38. boarders; 20 livery and
work horses; buggies: surrles: carriage;
double and single harness;- all that a good
stable requires. . Address box 377, Call Office.
BAKERY and restaurant; would take partner:
good location; close to Market st. ; all store
trade; in good running order; long lease; good
.reason for selling. Box, 411. Call office.
FOR Sale or Exchange— A business selling
• doors and windows, store and office fixtures;
' for city or country property. JOSEPH
SCHEERER, 23 Tenth st.
WELL established country hand laundry, do-
ing: from $43 to $50 of the best paying work
'per week:_ price reasonable; full Investigation
given. Apply Call office.
ON account of family trouble; good-paying
business for sale; a chance for life; 6 years',
lease; no agent. Address box 285, Call office.
.BARBER First-Class two-chair 16c shop.
2 living rooms -In rear; sickness. Address"
bcx 1937, call office.
CHEAP country saloon; good location; long
established; no agents.. Box 455, Call office. .
RESTAURANT for sale: will take a partner.
Inquire at. once;, box 427. Call office., ■■_
SMALL well established electric repairing and
construction , business for sale cheap. Ad-
dress box 201. Call office, Oakland.
HOTEL. 26 rooms, hard finished; only $1100:
lot and furniture Included; cheap at $2000.
. Call at 256 Third, Ft. , ■-... . . . '- ■.
PAYING down-town cigar store; on account of
Other business. , Apply at 410 Market st.
SHOE shop; doing fine business; good loca-
tion: cheap* rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
BAKERY fitted up new; only store trade; cash
business: coo'i chance for baker. Inquire
.Call office. . .
SILVKR ■ DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansomo st.
(with lease); $1600:' make offer. ■■
$Go— SMALL restaurant outfit for .sale. 505 Pa-
cific st.; call afternoons. .
WELL-STOCKED., old-established grocery,
liuuor store; 5 living rooms; cheap rent; two
flats rented helping to pay rent; cause sick-
ness. Inquire Call office. , . ...
$900, MORE or less, grocery Etock at Invoice;
.good locality: cheap rent; good reason for
selling: D. W. CORBIN, El Vlrano, Cal.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; In good location: Investigate at once;
chance for pood physician. Box ISIS, Call. •
COUNTY rights for. Sale; good paying busi-
• ness: quick returns; secure your county at
'. or.ee. M. H. Cartwrlght. rm. 709. 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and price solicitor* headquarters;
supplied a* wanted at lowest prices. 107-10*
B*>sl<» ft • '
HORSES.
CO HORSES of ever.- description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at you. own price.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, m Sixth: auction sales every Wednej-
day. SULLTVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PASTURAGE.
PASTURAGE' for horses' or other stock at
Tomales, Marin County. Apply to J. W.
- KEYS. Tomale?. . . ;.
"carpet.; cleaning.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans^
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 230.
WHEN become distrusted .with poor work
• send to SPAULDING'S . Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel." S. '.0.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o p«r yard: laid at 3c.
lATTON*S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per. yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
;r Gate. ay*.;, tel. > East 12C. -. ..
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. -.02 Sutter.st.:
tel. Main 394.' GEO. : WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~ '" ..TVPIitt'IIITEKS. •■ -,
ALL typewriters sold and rented,- few partly
used tor. sale, cheap; send fcr .samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A 'HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph, $15; Yost, $.25;
get sample work. SCOTT. J 333 Montgomery St.
TO LEASE. ' -
TO > LEASE— A : furnJshPd hotel near a • large
factory, 30 miles distant. Apply R. T. WARD
& CO., 60S Clay; st.
THE SA:S FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
110l sr.S TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
c, H r.MUSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery^
AT L'O Mary st., near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 60^
A— lo-ROOM house; reduced from $50 to $40.
1523 Bush St., near Van Ness ave.
AN elegant 10-room house; 1822 Pacific ave.;
reduced to 180. At BPSCK & CO.'S.
CUMBERLAND, 331-5 rooms and bath; sta-
tionary wanhtub*; $12.
ELLIS st.— House of 7 rooms and bath; yard;
rent $15. Apply 62R Eddy st.
NICE house, 6 rooms, bath and basement: rent
low. Northwent corner Pine and Laguna sts.
BUNNY house, corner Geary and Larkin; 9
rooms. Inquire 1153 Howard st^
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery St. :
12-ROOM house: fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
St.. near Market. Apply at 1". Grant ave.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— SO DAYS tree; lovely 5-room cottages (Mis- I
' slon), $10 to $12. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market Ft.
COTTAGE, 17th. near Sanchez— 4 rooms, bath
and stable, $17. Apply 3996 Army.
MODERN cottage; very large grounds; large
barn and stable; houses for poultry; some
distance from other dwellings; near 2 lineb
of cars; rent of this property very low to a
responsible party. Apply 19 Fourth st.
FLATS TO IjET.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 8 sunny rooms and
bath; rent cheap. ISO6 Howard St.
FINK sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath. 1006li j
Jackson st.. above Mason. \
HAYES, "4? Nice 7-room fiats; all modern im-
provements; rent moderate..
LEWIS, S^s. off Taylor, near Post— Flat of 5
rooms and- both.
LEXINGTON are.. 18, near Eighteenth— slo;
flat. 4 rooms; hall; double parlors.
McALLISTER. 726— Cpper Oat; 7 rooms, bath; j
rent $27; key at 725. |
NUK sunny flat, 4 rooms. 127 Olive ave.; rent
$12; no children.
RINCON Hill— Upper flat, 5 large sunny rooms,
bath; reasonable. Box 262, Call office.
SUNNY comer flat. 7 rooms, bath; cottage of
5 rooms, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3727— Nice upper flat, 5
rooms and bath; rent cheap. |
UNION, 801— 3-rooni flat, $10; 1112 Union, cot-
tage. 5 rooms, bath, yard, $15.
WASHINGTON, 1612— Flat, upper. 4 rooms;
large closets; bath; or 3 rooms with grate.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a I
flagpole. BALDWIN &, HOWELL. 10 Mont- 1
gomery st.
$10— FOT/R large sunny rooms;' yard; cellar.
302. 1 v^ ave., corner Franklin st.
$12, $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary Bt.
Jl2 60— -Xlc sunny bay window flats;' 3 rooms
and bath. 2309 Howard St.
$20 — SUNNY bay-window flats-; 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay St., corner Polk.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bath. 1704 Washington st., near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOLSE KEEPING.
ELLIS. 839, cor. Larkin— Sunny bay-window
$14. with kitchen $20; also alcove.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness ave.— Suite of 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
HICKORY avr., 124. near franklin— Nice sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 7C1 1 2— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
with kitchen; others: reasonable.
HOWARD. 10C8— Nicely furnished bedroom and
kitchen, complete for hou "keeping, $1 50 per
week. up.
KEARNY. near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant ave.
LARGE sunny room, complete for housekeep-
::is, $1 2f> per week. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission st., bet. First and Second.
LEAVENWORTH, 401—2 front sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
McALLISTER, 1050— Furnished sunny rooms;
gents or housekeeping; $6 up.
MINNA, 28— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
rent moderate.
MISSION. 1220— Sunny front alcove room; also
1 for light housekeeping; junnlng water.
MODERN 5-1 in upper fiat. 125 Ash ave., bet.
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Nicely furnished
sunny housckps. rooms, $12 up; single, $6 up.
O'FARRELL, 328— Sunny front housekeeping
floor; 2. 3 or 4 rooms.
POST, '"l? I—Unfurnished1 — Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen; -cent ?14.
POST, P2l— Sunny suite of rooms; conveni-
ences for housskeeplns; private.
NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
SECOND, 130— To let: furnished front rooms,
single and double, in a private house; fur-
niture In perfect order; reasonable prices.
SEVENTH, 191— Large front rooms for hou«e-
• kpg.; connctng. rms., sink; run. water.; reas.
SIXTH. llSVt— Nice suite front rooms for llxht
housekpg: also sunny back rooms for hkpg.
STXTH, 120— Eleprant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rpnt $10.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, complete
for houf-ekeeplng; 2 folding beds; 1 In kitchen
and 1 In bedroom, with suite to match: furni-
ture alt new; $11 per month; suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply nt shoe store, &G2 Mission
st.. bet. First and Second.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front sunny
room for light housekeeping; $10.
TEHAMA, 331— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single; bath; private.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete ; first floor: bath: gas.
TI'RK. 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
TWELFTH, 12— Rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished, for housekeeping: rent $8.
VALENCIA, lii2S— 3 room,s tor light house-
keeping. j
3 HOUSEKEEPING rooms, $14, not front; oth- j
rrs, $7; sunny. »or> Jones. |
3 GOOD largi unfurnished rooms; cellar and |
yard; cheap. Inquire 561 Sixth.
$10— FLAT, 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. 18
Lexington ave., nr. Eighteenth.
ROOMS YO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or ! ngle; f.rst-class
In every respect ; terms reasonable.
BALBOA. The, 1049A Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; leas
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr:tel.
BELOnAVIA, 1715 Polk— Elegant sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; housekeeping; tut.!e
board. ,
BOHEMIA— 23tI Post— Sunny suites and single;
all conveniences; gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to ?. r > week: open all night; Howard-at.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Oate-
Nicely furnished rooms and efflces.
DELAWARE, 14J3 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $S, $10 mo.
EDDY. US— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms:
central; very desirable; ?6 per month upward.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and Leavenworth— !
Hnndsome parV^r suite; also single rooms; j
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
EDDY. Cl4— Very desirable single sunny front
room: closets, bath, gns; private family: $8.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing., $1 50, $6 wk. ; 60c. $1 day: tel. 81. 1364.
GEARY, 822— Sunny front bay-window room;
newly furnished; gas; running water.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— ir-er night, 25c to
Jl; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars I
GOLDEN GATE. MO— Corner suite, nicely fur-
nished, sun all day; also housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE, f.o3— Parior floor suitable for
physician or dentist; carpeted.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 : er week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell — New rnHnagement;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and lliiklo rms.; transient. Mrs. J. Kins.
HOWARD, KSK, nctr Sixth -Newly furnished
sunny rooms; bath; $1 week up; quiet house.
HOWARD, 1802— -S front sunny bay-window
rooms: rent cheap.
McALLISTER, 517 — Newly furnished rooms;
gas; bath; grates; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MECHANICS' > HOUSE. 43« Fifth— Everything !
new; rms.. single or suite, tl wk. up; trans-
cient; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro. i
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and. Rausch, prop, i
MINNA, <W7. corner Eighth— New^y furnished
bay-wln-low room, $1 per w.eek; transient.
MISSION, 953 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur- i
nished rooms; transient; new hoeise; central.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win- ;
dow; running water; gents preferred; $8.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele- i
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
cFfaRRELL. 280 fElwood House)— Nicely fur- i
nished tunny rooms; hot and cold water; ,
quiet; transient.^
O'FARRELL, 63.".— Four pleasant and conven-
ient furnished rooms; water; gas; grates,
etc. ; prices from $8 to $14. j
PIEDMONT House, 119A 6th— Nicely furnished
tunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
POLK, «10— Handsomely furnished back parlor; ,
grate, gag; use of bath: private family. |
SEVENTH, 179- New house; newly furnished; |
modern: =unny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo. j
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., !
near Market-Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 23U— Nice sunny front rooms; als>u
single rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, 184— Rooms suitable for 2; folding bed '•
and grate; also other rooms. |
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished !
rooms; single and en suite; very reasonable. •
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms; '
en suite or slnele: bath. gas.
TURK, 132— Nicely furnished rooms; transients
accommodated; reasonable.
TURK, " I Bunny furnished rooms; furnished
... unmrnisbrd rooms (or housekeeping.
WIDOW, alone, would give a home t<.» reliable!
woman; small remuneration. Call Monday
between 10 and 1. 1131 McAllister st.
1 ROOM in exchange for music lessons: pri-
vate family. Address box 25»A, Call. i
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly (
Call. Sent to any address In the United ,
States, bostpald. for $1 •"'? a year. ;
AND BOARD.
HOTEL, Sutherland. 7?1 Sutter St.. corner
Jones— Best location in the city; elegantly
furnished; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed: elevator; suites, with board, $50
upward. Please apply between 10 a. m. and
8 p. m.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect; table I
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator; ;
mites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
MrALLISTER, 697— Front bay-window and back
parlor: piano; with or without' board: bath;
reasonable. ■ I j
PARK House. Twenty-fourth and Mission— I
Boa'rd and lodging. $4 50 and $5; rooms, $1 25 |
up; board without room, $3 50.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boardlnir. with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia- Large sunny front al- I
cove room.
O'FARRELL. 742 Sunny single rm. : also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen: home comforts; piano.
SITTTER. lite— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. Pl9— Sunny furnished suites
Rnd single rooms; first-class tnble board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home and mother's care for child not
less than 6 months old. In Swedish family.
• Call 3272 Folsnm st.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; a mother'9
care given. Apply 920 Railroad avg.. South
Snn Francisco.
STORES TO LET.
SHOEMAKER shop to rent, with furnished
sleeping room: good chance for steady single
man. Call barber shop, 744 Fourth st.
SIXTH. 318 — Large store; suitable for gents'
furnishing or dry good?.
STORE: 2 show windows; 2 rooms; rent cheap.
IRO2 Howard st.
$9 AND $10: 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
rt.. near Market: stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat, janitor nnd telephone; rents $tf SO
to $20. ASHTON & GAT^VKR. room 210.
MISSION,' 858 — Suitable for physician; occu-
pied by such formerly.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $0 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 £.0 por month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 60
Chiekerfng upright 235 00
Sohrner upright 115 00
Knr.hp upright 275-00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANTTFACTURINO CO..
136 Ellis Ft.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $3 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate nnd approve this method; prices are tha
fame as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some cood pianos for $3, $4 and
V, per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
!fi. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DT'RING the next few weeks while out store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 76D Market st.
A STEINWAY, $175; Steck. J150; Estey, $225;
Fischer. $2*.0; Weber, 1200; easy payments:
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent allrwed on pur-
chase. Bruonn's Piano House. ?04 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL new upright piano; elegant
case Rnd fine tone; fully guaranteed; an of-
fer wanted. Room 21, Flood building.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacrampnto St., agent
for cele" .ated pianos of FYohtls Bacon of New j
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used I
nnd In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's |
Piano Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chlck-
erlng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell «t.
NEW and elegant upright: must sell: family
leaving. 120fi Devlsadero st.j near Eddy.
A NICE Fischer unright sacrificed; owner
must sell. Room 12. Flood building.
A FINE bargain: Weber upright, only $60. 218
Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chlc.kerlng uprigh.
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.
$150— FINE Steinway: great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mansy. sos post st.
H VINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano ch«»r>: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents s: up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
STPERTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLF.R. maker, repairer. 2 Lntnnm olncg.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, "nglish branches; I
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
Veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. »o0; low rates
oer week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. 1884. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell: 1« yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels ' ldp. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th »t.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 128« Mar-
ket pt.; 400 positions secured in last 2 j'ears.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
tnuifht- short time. Tarr. T72 Parrott bldg.
SEWING MACHINES.
NEARLY new, perfect order, 2 machines,
cheap THE DELAWARE, 1155 Market «t.
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45, |
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: |
repslrlr.i; at lowest rntea. ?05 Fourth gt.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, Office i
and residence. lO2l>* Market, bet. Cth and 7th.
HATES. S39— Branch office of The Call. Sub- j
Bcripttons and ads taken. I
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH GRKVEN. instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes; each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January; being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly J2; ensemble und single treatment: only
those subscribing before Christmas will be
accepted. Rooms 121 and 122, Murphy build-
ing, Jones and Market sts.
LEDERERS QUIKONIA— This celebrated Hair
Tonic Is a cure for Dandruff; 35c bottle; try
it. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
THERE is but one Hairdresser in town. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st. charges but 25c.
I.EDKKER'S Foamo. best shampoo, 5c pkg.;
switches, $1 up; curls, 45c pr. ; Sund., 9 to 12.
L<VDIES only. "Ladies' Friend"; advice.rd.es
and sample free. 1126 Market st, room 2.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums. best Christmas present; stamps
bought W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electrlcity
or powerful medicines used; treatment simple
and effective. MRS. CLAYTON. US Sutter.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to Jl 50 per night; $150 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
nil kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. Sl3 Sutter.
FOR cumfoit. durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family 6hr,e Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. US Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy lrs>tallinents. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th anil Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style ilresses made, $o to $6: dresses
m:ide ovor. 3 Eddy Ft. rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, aifi Market; men and Women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
attk.\tT6nT~
mrs. dr. a. d. howe.
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
nil clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but b/fore you
utter a word she tells you In lull or all that
you are interested in; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of friends and
enemies, locates mines and burl»d treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all dlesases on earth, consumption, paralyslts,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole tiope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation i y mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St., S. F.. The Vendome.
MRS. 7. 7. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
rures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail; sittings $1. 222 Stockton st
MRS. K. HOSKIN.S. tr. medium; readings
dally, $1; circles Tues. eve., H'.c. 322 So,
Spring St., Los Angeles.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234U. 6th.'
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mun.. S; 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco,
At 1023Vi Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits land long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% . Market- st
MME. LKNEMAR tells by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, "74. 23% Sixth st
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession, has removed to 21$ Stockton st.
CONSULT the luckr medium; fee 25c. S49H
Minna St.* near Fifth;
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fuurth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus~
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has ripened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTKY.
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
room 143, Phelan hulMlng: third floor.
medical"
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st* has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy st, between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk st. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratcice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
ave.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medicine
or Instruments used; consultation free; saves
disgrace; pills ami capsules. Si; cure $5. By
the well-known ladies' physician for 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market Bt., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes In trouble see Drs. Good-
wln free; reliable, sofe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 40! D Van
Ness to 1382A Mkt.bet. Jones & City Hail av.
DR. G. W, O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored:
whatever cause: all caoeK relieved Immediate-
ly: call or write; confidential. 10234 Market
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 C1ay st. ;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAtJ'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD nROP.. Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant, sunny
home In confinement 156 Second st Tele-
phone Green f>2.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Bpilevue p.ve.. Los Angeles.
LOST.
LOST — Sunday afternoon at Orpheum, dark
blue overcoat, ligrht lining. Reward If re-
turned to Heald's Budlness College, 24 .Post.
$25 REWARD—Strayed from my home at Fair
Oak? Sunday night one Great Dane dog: 1H
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON.
GRAY mare, open bugpy: on Mission road;
good reward. P. F. HAN A VAN, rvppan View.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODQLPH~¥torage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post »t, cor. Powell; tel. Mala &7U
CITY REAL " ESTATE. :
$650 ; - WILL • build - 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, E2l K 'st.. Sunset district. ,.
NEW cottages, '- large lots-. ■ Mission, v $1300; in-
stalments to suit buyer. OWNER. 413 Kearny.
$2200— WITH 2 flats. 23 Stone St., near NE.
corner Powell and Washington. -' :.
f COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
• SNAP— 22OO acres, mostly all level grain
and fruit land; 4. miles from boat landing,
county seat and railroad: will- exchange for
; city property or sell for $20,000. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st. . ■
$2750—10 ACRES; 10 miles from San - Rafael;
money loaned. ,- SPECK '& CO.. 602 Markjt st.
LAKE COUNTY RANCH— BOO acres, with lake
, frontage; no improvements; patented; no In-
cumbrance; SO acres have been in hay. bal-
- ance fine fruit land ' when : . cleared ; paying
range for 'Angora goats; price $3 an acre cash. >
Address Lakeside, box 372. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To buy or rent ' Improved farms:
send . full description. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market i«t. ; . ». . ■ •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
office— 9oB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP homes near. Golden Gate, Oakland; have
two new houses with large lots. COxlOO; price
1800; will sell *",n cash, balance $10 per month;
save rent. Address owner, M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway; Oakland, Wurts
block. ' ■ -. y.,;
FOR sal* In Oakland— New house. T rooms and
bath: 2-story: best construction and finish;
lot 40x125: line neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; -30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
BOTTOMS. 1050 Broadway. '-r- ■'■
J KI.MHLKST HEAL tgffJTß.
I HAVE a few special bargains In small acre-
age tracts; look them up at once, it ' will '
pay you. ' ;
4 acres highly improved.
r. acres highly improved.
1 acre highly Improved. "■
A few 1. . 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
choice land, well located, all within 5 min-
utes' walk of electric cars: take electric cars
to Elmhurst and see PITTOCK. real estate,
opposite powerhouse, Elmhurst. - ■
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, - 1229— Unfurnished housekeeping
■ rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
ties. ■■:_"''■. ■■-■:.- ■>•■■:■-.: .;-i; .--• ■ ■ . :
SUNNY corner: first-class apartment house: no
transients. ■ 1055 Washington. Davis block. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE-Good and ch»an. H. SCMKL.I^
HAAS' old »tor». 4BK Klpv»nrH -<t,,< "*» V-»
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms: call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park St. ■-; -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— A •: fine 7-room house;- all' the
latest improvements; large lot; 1 street work
all done; 4 blocks from university ■ grounds.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tion. . . .. .' . ;'■• '>. '.-...' .;,-;. . .■;.
HAVING block of land adjacent to U. C.
Berkeley, we are building 3 elegant 9-room
houses; one now completed; would build to
suit on reasonable terms; -people < contemplat-
ing homes In Berkeley would do well to see
or address owner, .M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway. Wurts block. •■ .. ..■
':: MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on. furniture or pianos In S. Fl..F 1 .. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest - rates, without
removal: no commission; .no '. delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 • Mission - at.. ■ above
■ Sixth: telephone South 14.. ■■>'.■'
HIGHLY respectable and private, place to ob-
tain liberal advances on -diamonds and jew-
elry :at the lowest rates. '■ Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408. Parrott building. .' • . ,
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
mova:; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
■ private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY mount at 6%' per cent on real estate, 2tl
t and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
" bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest Interest. .UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN. OF^
I FICE, 22 Mason st.,' opp. Olympla Music Hall."
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
- mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. <
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a. specialty. MURPII7. 638 Market st.
$30 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for -5- — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. . ■. ' ..".;
MONEY WANTED. '
LOAN Wanted— slso at 1V« per cent; payable
$1." monthly; security, piano costing ■ $."00; w(ll
also Rive good • indorser. Address Loan, ■ box
454. Call, office. --" -." ' . - .- ;
. FINANCIAL. -
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON.' broker. 328 Montgomery.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ALL. private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs.Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, . 607 ; Emma
Spreckels b1dg.. 927 Market: charges moderate.-;
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-'
. ket; consultation free: no fees In advance. '
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, art Market at. . j ; :
ELEVENTH. Branch of flc% 'of : tb« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. - , • ;
■-'-■'■ LEGAL - NOTICES-. - - •
DEPARTMENT No.' 16.~ "Probate."" liT~"the
Superior • Court In : and : for the ',< City ■ and
County .of Ban Francisco, - State of - Califor- :
nia. In th« matter of the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given that Monday, the 19th. day of Decem-
ber, ■A. D. 1898, -, at 10* o'clock - a. m. of
said day, and the court , room of Department
10 of said court, at the new City Hall, in
the city. and county of , San Francisco, State
•of r California, . have been . appointed as the
time and place for proving, the will of ■' said
I. S. BELCHER, deceased, and for hearing
the application of ADELINE. N. BELCHER
..for the Issuance to her. of letters testamen-
tary thereon. •' :..-^-j-i-.. ■■•-..
.: Dated Dec. 6, A.i D. 1898. • ■ v ■ -.. . ' w ' j
, [Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
- By V. F. NORTHROP. . Deputy Clerk.
RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building,.
Marysville. Cal., Attorney '• for Petitioner. ■
: MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
■ ■ -7- —. • ■•". - - ; 4 ■-'■ - ■-". ' -'- : "
Birth,' marriage and death notices tent by
mall will not be Inserted. They tnust be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the ' name and j residence of ' per-
sons authorized to have the same -published'.
' '■ 80RN. ■•...-'. :. -: :
ALEXANDER— In this city. December B. ', 1898,
-to the wife of E. Alexander, a son. :.; .- ■ ,-. .
FENGLER— In this city, November 21, 1898, to
the wife of Oscar J. Fengler, a daughter. ■
McTERNAN— In ' this < city, November 29, ; 1898,
to the • wife of James I MoTernan, a daughter.
.'.;-;■•.../..- J MARRIED. .',-, ;-.-■■■
KLIPSTEIN-McGINNESS— In this , city, De- \
cember 11. 1898, by Judge J. E. Barry, Wil-
liam E. E. Klipsteln and Mrs. Mary E. Mc-
, Ginneps, both of San Francisco: ' ; • ■
■ -■■■-■. ■■ .;-: DIED.--;.: ; ;: - ■':'- ,; ';
'. Bance, Virginia •• Maestrettli Mary
Bohns, Emllle ' • .' Mouze, Marie A. •
. Brady, : Anna* E. .; ■ . : : Murray, Charles .W.
. Canty. . Catharine ■, . O'Connor. "James J.
; Carlson, Sofia •■ •' "' "■ Paulsen. Marie ".vs."
Davidson. Ewen 4W. Quirk, Margaret "
'■■ Davis,* Rose •■.*'■: v ' : Rourke, Bridget M, : '-'-
Dunn, William; :»'-•-> Rourke.' Mrs. C. '■■:-■■"
-. Farmar, • Richard J. : ,' Rudolph, Joe ' . ■ ■ :
Fearey. Sadie H. fr : Sehenael, Anna R. ,
i Calvish. James E. M. ." Seidenr.. Frledrlch F.
I Halvorsen. ■- Samuel ■;. . Smedley, Rev F. P. •
• Herbßt," Catherine C. * Solomon., Margaret
Jacobs. Joseph W. -.- Wolmar, Ellis ■ -.'. : ;
Kenney; Joseph .F. - - Wright. Elizabeth %^
.' Lori. Elijah S. -■:..'.;. ' ...y-. y- : ; ;_;.,-....; _;.,-... . - : .
BANCE— In the City and County Hospital. De-
- cember 11, 1898. "Virginia" Bance, a native Of
■■■ France, aged 61 years. > - ;;■> ■, ■'•- - « .
BOHNS— In this city, December 10. 1898. Emllle'
v beloved wife of the late John Ludwlg Dohns'
'and mother of Louis Bohns, a native of Ger-
" many, aged 66 years 8 months : and IS days. «-
•-. :: - Friends " and acquaintances are respect-
•t fully invited Ito attend the. funeral this day
v (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from .the parlors of
.: H F. Suhr & Co., 120!* Mission street near
-.Eighth.-' Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. -
BRADY— this ; city, December 11, 1898, Anna
-» E.. •> beloved ■ daughter ;of :-'" O. VE. :" and Anna
. Brady, : and > beloved, sister •of Mary ' C, ■: Mat-
,' thew ,V., Kate , S., Charles A., ; Joseph ;G. and
.A.. A. '. Paul .. Brady, ; a'< native •of ■ San ; Francisco,
aged 22 years 11 months and 6 days. :-■ -•
KT'Frlends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), „ at 8:30 o'clock, from her parents'
; . residence, southeast corner* of Twenty-fourth
• street and : San; Jose, avenue: thence .to St.
'JaVnes Church, where l a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated -for the 'repose of her soul.
. commencing at 9 o'clock. -Interment private,
at Holy Cross Cemetery. 7
CANTY— In this city, December 11. IS9S. Cath-
arine, beloved wife of the late Edward Canty,
beloved daughter of Catharine and the late
; Timothy Bowen, and sister of Mary and Dan-
iel Bowen, Mrs. Welspell'and. Mrs. Mc-
Carthy, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
. years." ■ '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the residence of her sister,
Mrs. McCarthy. 2104 Filbert street.' Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ...
CARLSON'— in this city. December 11, IS9B.
Sofia. .'.early beloved 'wife of Captain Johan
Carlson, and mother of Almelra. Leonora and
. Carl Veaner Carlson, a native of Finland,
aged IS years and 12 days.
DAVIDSON- In this city, December 10.: 1898,
Ewen W. W.. beloved husband of Eliza Dav-
idson, father of Clare Davidson, son of James
Davidson, and brother of Thomas J. David-
eon, Mrs. J. F. Dempsey and Blanche David-
son,, a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years
. 7 months and 7 days.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), st 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 916 Treat avenue. Interment Cypress
■ Lawn Cemetery.
DAVIS— In Fitchburg, Alameda County. De-
, rember 11. IS9S, Rose, beloved wife of Thoma*
• K. 'Davis, and mother of Nathan C. Davis, a
native of England, aged 54 years. '
DUNN— In this city. December 11, IS9S, Wil-
liam Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. - ■ . _. . . .
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday)*, ar 7 o'clock., from" St. Mary's Hos-
pital, thence to the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where ■ sol-
emn requiem mass. will be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 7:15 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemeterv, via the 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
FARMAR— In this city. December 10. IS9S,
Rtetard J.. beloved husband ut Miriam Far-
mar. imd son of Mary A. and the late Richard
It. Farmar. a native of San Francisco. M d
?,' years 4 months and 23 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at L' o'clock, frnm the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of Halsted & Co., &M Mission
street.
FEAREY— In this city, December in, IS9S. Sadie
H.,. beloved daughter of Robert D. and Samh
Kearey, a native of Oakland, aged E years 5
months and (i days.
lE7Funeral private to-morrow (Tuesday), at
2 o'clock, from the residence of the parents.
Thirty-ninth street, between Linden and Ado-
line. Oakland.
GALVISH— In this city. December 11. 1898,
Jam«s Edward Mervin, beloved son of Barney
and Hattle Galvish, a native of San Fran
aged 4 months and 2 days.
HALVORSEN— In- the City and County Hospi-
tal, Deeemher 11, ISOB. Samuel Halvorsen. a
native of Norway, aged 43. years.
HERBST— In this city. December 11.' is?*.
Catherine Centennial, beloved daughter of
Charles and the late Catherine Herbst. and
sister of John, Charles and William Herbst
and Mrs. Waltermier, a native of Belmont,
Cal., acred 22 years 5 months and 23 days.
(E7"F-riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2SOI Van Ness avenue, corner of Union
street, thence to tlttt o'clock train. Valencia-
Btreet dejwt. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
JACORS— In this city. December 10, ISPS. Jo-
seph Warren, dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Ella J. Jacobs, and hrother of Ida F.
and Ptella Jacobs, a native of Kan Francisco,
aged 22 years 5 months and 10 days.
tT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesrlay). at 11 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2^2S Pine street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
KENNEY-In this city. December If. IW.
Joseph Francis, youngest son of Jane and the
late Michael Kenney. and brother of William
A. Kenney. a native of San Mateo County,
Cal., ared 32 years "i months and 10 days.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respert-
fiillv Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LORD— Tn this city. December 10, 189S, EU.lah
8.. beloved husband of Anna Lord, a native
of St. John. N. 8.. aged 77 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 311 Ivy avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
MAESTRETTI-In this city, December 11, 1898,
Mary, beloved wife of F. A. Maestrettl,
mother of Frankle, Laura and Joste Maes-
trettl. daughter of Mrs. P. Shahan. and sister
of John and Andrew Shahan. amative of Eng-
land, aged 33 years 3 months and 25 days.
IC^Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOUZE— In this city, December 11. 1898, Marie
Antoinette Mouse, beloved mother of: Mrs.
John Vergez. a native of Paris, France, ag<?d
82 years 2 months and IS days.
■ E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors .»f
J. S. Godeau. 30f> Montgomery- avenue. Inter-
ment' private. Please omit flowers.
MIHRAY-In this city, December in, >18M,
Charles W.. beloved son of Charles and Wini-
fred Murray, and brother of John P. Mur-
ray, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
6 months and 2 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, December 10, J«ris.
James J., beloved husband of Mafgaret C.
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged 43
year?.
CTFrlends are respectfully fnvited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday)., at 9
o'clock, from the Commercial Hotel, corner
of Kearny street and Montgomery avenue,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a sol-
emn requipm mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAL'LSEN— In this city. December 11, 1898.
Marie, dearly beloved wife of William Paul-
sen, and mother of Emilie Paulsen and the
late Louise. Otto. Lucy and Charles W. Paul-
sen, a native of Altenbruch. Germany, aged 42
years, in months and- 1 day. Also Infant son
of William and the late Marie Paulsen, a
native of San Francisco.
irTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 633 Minna street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Lauivl mil Cemetery.
QUIRK— In this city. December 11. 1898. Mar-
garet Quirk, beloved mother of Joseph j*.
Quirk of Portland, Or., a native of Troy, N.
T.. aged 52 years.
ROl'RKE— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend a solemn requiem
rr-ass for the repose of the soul of BridgPt
A urke to-morrow (Tuesday), at !):3ft o'clock,
at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue.
ROVUKE-In this city. December 10. 1898, Mn.
Catherine Rourke, mother of John W. and
Margaret T. Rourke, aged 98 vears and 4
month*. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please
copy. )
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. John W. Rourke. 1924 Pine street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where serv-
ices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
private.
tIDOLPH— In this city. December 11. IS9S.
Joe, beloved son nf Albert and Josephine
Rudolph, and grandson of Mrs. C. Schmeser.
a native of Son Francisco, aged 2 years' and
6 months.
SCHKNDEL— In this city, December 11. 1898,
Anna R. SctMOdait beloved mother of Mrs.
Antoinette McCarthy, William and Ada
ScJiendel and Mrs. C. H. Waterbury, a n*«
tlve of Germany.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral serviced
to-morrow iTuesday). at 10 o'clock, at her
late resldencp, 60 Bernal avenue. Interment
private. Kindly omit flowers.
SEIDEN— In this city, L'ecember 9, 189S, Fried-
rich F. Seiden, a native of -Jauenburg, Ger-
many, aged 70 years.
[C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BMEDLEY— In this city, December 10. 189*.
Rev. Frank Perclval Smedley, a native of
England, aged 25 years 2 months and 20 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 11 o'clock, st the par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 26«6 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple.
SOLOMON— In tn.s city, December 10, IS9S,
Margare't M. C. Solomon, beloved daughter of
Mrs. and the late Peter Sykes, a native of
Virginia City, Nev., aged 26 years 1 month
and 10 dayF.
WOLMAR— In this city, December 10, 189?.
Ellis, beloved husband of Jennie Wei-
mar, and father of Nathan, Rosie, Max
and Fannie Wolmar and Mrs. Bessie Olsen.
a native of Poland, aged 63 years.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 930 Pacific street, between Powell
and Mason, and thence to Third and
Townsend streets, leaving by 11:30 o'clock
train to "Salem Cemetery for interment. No
flowers.
WRIGHT— In this city. December 10. 189S,
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of William and
Annie Wright, and sister of Robert J., Wil-
liam J., Frank P., Joanna 8., Emily, Etiward
A., Charles J., Loretta. Ethel G. and Joseph
J, Wright. Mrs. Joseph Nolan and Mrs. Roy
Gallagher, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years.
IHT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 221S Fifteenth street, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL"ERa,
K Fifth st., opposite Lincoln school.
Telephone South SO.
IH. B. McAVOY. Manager. f
McAVOY dfc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1136 Market st.. between Bth and 9th.
Telephone, South 247. f
910
SHE HAS SEEN
THE LAST OF
GUATEMALA
MME, BARRIOS
MAY BECOME A
RESIDENT HERE
A Big Lawsuit Is Im
pending.
WILL BE TRIED HERE
RIVAL WIVES AND RIVAL
CHILDREN.
The Barrios Possessions Reported
Sold, and the President's Widow
Has Taken a House in
This City.
Mmc Algena <5e Rayne Barrios, wife of
the late President, Jose M. Relna Barrios,
of the republic of Guatemala, arrived at
the Palace yesterday morning. She came
attended by her suite of ladies in waiting,
ns it were; also her private secretary, in
fant daughter and 12-year-old stepdaugh
ter. The party arrived on the steamship
• ity of Panama from Guatemala. They
experienced a pleasant voyage and ar
rived here in the best of health. In addi
tion to Mme. Barrios there are in the
pnrty ("oncha Reyna, Mme. Burneau,"Wil
liam MartnF. the private secretary;
a valet and a maid. The six-months
old daughter that Mme. Barrios brings
with her was born after the assas
sination of her husband on Feb
runry S at the hands of the German
socialist, Oscar Zollinger, who slew the
President to avenge the death of a for
mer employer, Juan Aparicio, a wealthy
planter.
Mme. Barrios retired to her apartments
as soon as she arrived, and could not be j
Induced to see any of the press represent
atives. There were reasons for this. Mme.
Barrios detests notoriety, and she de
plores the fact that she has so often fig- i
ured prominently before the public. Mme. j
Barrios has fears that she may have j
again to appear in the public eye as the
defendant in a lawsuit, which it is report
ed will be brought by two of the former
alleged wives of the President, who de
eire for the children that they bore Presi
dent Barrios an interest in the estate he
left his legal wife, Mme. Barrios. The
names of these two women are Rosa
Campos and Rosa Trabanini. The Mme.
Campos has a child five years of age,
while the Mme. Trabanini has one just a
year old. It is said that they will bring
suit against the estate for the recovery
of the share which they claim belongs to
their children. Mme. Barrios has already
done a great deal for the children, for
she has with her the 12-year-old girl men
tioned, while in the East a 14-year-old son
of the President is going to college. I
These two children the wife of the late '
President has recognized.
The most interesting part of Mme. !
Barrios' visit is the reported possibility j
of her locating here permanently. It is
Baid that she had rented a house at the
corner of Clay and Buchanan streets, i
The house faces on Clay street, and is j
No. 2231. It would seem, from all that can
be learned, that the former first lady of '
Guatemala has left that republic for good.
It is said that before she took her depar
ture she disposed of her magnificent
villa, known as "Algena," to the Schwatz
brothers of this city. Altogether, it would
eeem that the wife of Guatemala's ill
fated President is to become a resident of
San Francisco.
Rumor is also so unkind as to hint at
the fact that of the reported princely for
tune of the late President only a paltry !
two or three hundred thousand has come
Into the possession of his wife. There was ;
a time when the late President's wealth
was rated up in the millions; but extrav
agant living and the expensive life of the
executive mansion made telling inroads
on the family coffers.
Mme. Barrios is herself an American.
She is about 37 years of age, and was
born in New Orleans. She is a woman
of great charm of manner and much per
sonal magnetism. Travel and study com
bined -with her personal fascination make
her a most charming and delightful com
panion. It is said Mme. Marrios is an
Ideal hostess and that she entertains with
the lavish grace and ease of her lamented
husband, who was noted for his prodigal
hospitality.
Beal Estate Owners' Association.
A meeting of the Real Estate Owners'
Association will be held Tuesday evening
at 8 o'clock at the office of A. M. Speck
& Co., 602 Market street. Chief Sullivan
will address the members on the Fire
Department, and other city officials will
speak on the School Department. All
owners of real estate are invited to at
tend.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Not Been Disbanded.
Reports from Harry Corson Clarke's
company in Leavenworth show that the
company has not been disbanded, but has
merely gone on a vacation until Christmas
day, when It will open again in Omaha.
The vacation is caused by the illness of
Mr. Clarke.
Lavender
Sweet Peas, decorated on Scrnd-
Forcelain, with Gold Handles.
Butter Dish, Custard Cups
Pitchers, Vegetable Dish,
Oyster Bowls, Oat Meal
Dis\ Given, away free with
American's Best
Teas. Coffees, Spices
Great Americanlmport'gTea Co.
861 Market. P»w«H 700 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
1 8 Third st. 1810 Devltadero St.
BOdKearnyßt. 200S Filimore St.
146 Xfnth St. .. 321 Montgomery Av.
8310 Mission St. 1190 Kentucky St.
6006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Uayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES: I
i 053 Wash tag 131 San Pablo At*.
17 Broadwav. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
▲LAMBDA— IBS* Park St.
SAW K aPaEl*— St.. near Fourth.
. We also sell. ,
China, Crockery, GLA6BWAREG LA68WARE
. Cheapest Price in America
. "WAUtuOiMtsgm. ■ J
MME. BARRIOS, Wife of Guatemala's Assassinated President, Who In the Future May
Reside in San Francisco.
MICHAEL JOSEPH
TRIES HIS HAND
AT POLITICS
Elected Trustee After
a Hard Fight.
BUTTERWORTH PRESIDENT
LIVELY BATTLE FOR OFFICERS
OF THE POLICE SOCIETY.
I "Scotty" Campbell Succeeds in Win
ning a Place With the As
sistance of "Long-Shot"
Rattigan.
"Get your votes In. gentlemen; remem
ber I'm a candidate for trustee."
With bowed head Michael Joseph Con
boy, the pride of the Southern Station,
addressed a crowd of fellow policemen in
Judge Joachimsen's courtroom yesterday.
The annual election of officers of the
Widows' and Orphans' Association was in
progress and Michael Joseph was the
leading attraction.
"I'm not doing politics," he remarked to
one of his opponents, who called his at
tention to the rule of the department pro
hibiting the members from soliciting
votes, "but I would like to be elected a
SOME FRIENDS OF THE WIDOW AND ORPHAN
trustee of this grand organization, just
to show my friends I'm still in it."
While Michael Joseph was hustling
votes for himself the other candidates
were industriously working In their own
behalf. There were live tickets in the
field, and the pulling and Hauling of vot
ers reminded one of a Democratic primary
during the rule of Chris Buckley.
The greatest interest was centered In
the fight for the presidency of the organi
zation. There were two candidates— John
Butterworth and E. P. Leonard. Butt'er
worth won by a majority of sixty-three
votes.
Sergeant "Scotty" Campbell was on tue
ticket for vice-president. At the last mo
ment a dark horse in the person of John
Cronin appeared on the scene, and an
nounced that he was in the fight to stay.
"Scotty" then rolled up nls sleeves, so
to speak, and proceeded to show his op
ponent some new tricks in the game of
politics. "Long Shot" Rattigan, the patrol
wagon driver, on learning that Cronin had
entered the fight against Campbell, shed
his uniform and started to assist "Scotty"
in getting votes.
when the polls closed Campbell was 118
votes ahead of his opponent and grasping
Rattlgan's hand he profusely thanked him
for his efforts in his behalf.
The following are the ojflcers elected:
President, John Butterworth: vice-presi
dent, Shadrick Campbell; treasurer, John
Duncan; recordin" secretary, O. C. Phil
lips; financial secretary, Sam Rankin;
board of trustees, Michael Joseph Conboy,
Robert Graham, Reuben Wolfe, R. J. Ker
rison and T. P. Walsh. Dunoan, Phillips
and Rankin had no opposition.
McComas Recital.
The announcement in yesterday's Call
that Mtes Alice Beach McComas was to
give a Jiano recital last evening was in
correct in the time set for the concert.
The recital will take place this (Monday)
evening at Century Hall.
THE SAIST FBAKCISCO CALL., 3IOKPAY, DECEMBER 12, 1898.
EXCLUSION LAW
NOW ENFORCED
IN HONOLULU
Peking's Passengers
Subjected to It.
THE BIG SHIP ARRIVES
BRINGS MANY PASSENGERS AND
MUCH FREIGHT.
She Was Delayed by Head Winds and
Lost Time at Stopping Points.
New York Troops Will
Come Later.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Comoany v
steamer City of Peking reached port last
night, four days behind her scheduled
time, and anchored off the barge office.
She brings a full passenger list, both
cabin and steerage, and has the distinc
tion of being the first vessel whose Chi
nese passengers were subjected to Ameri
can law on their arrival at Honolulu.
The Peking arrived in Honolulu a little
over a week ago with eighteen Chinese,
who sought homes in the Hawaiian Isl
ands. At the dock they were met by
United States officials, who demanded of
them papers giving them permission to
land on territory belonging to Uncle Sam.
Pending 1 Investigation by the officiate the
Celestials were given quarters at t"he dock
and if they cannot prove their right to
enter the United States they will be ship
ed back to their native country. It is be
lieved that most of them are entitled to
admittance.
The reason of the late arrival of the
Peking is due to the fact that she left
Hongkong one day late. A day was lost
at Shanghai, one at Nagasaki, and another
at Kobe. The voyage from Hongkong was
made in 32^j days, from Yokohama in 19
days, and from Honolulu in 7 days. Cap
tain Smith reports that head winds were
encountered the greater part of the trip.
The run from Honolulu was made in fair
ly good time, but a severe southeaster
was encountered two days ago.
The passenger list includes 43 cabin and
148 steerage, 34 of which are Europeans,
103 Chinese, and 11 Japanese. The cargo is
composed of 2400 tons of freight. Among
the passengers are: Captain Wilds of the
Boston; Major Fields, L. S. A., of the ord
nance department, who is accompanied
by his wife; John Ellerthorpe, a telegraph
operator from Manila, who was in the
city during the siege; A. G. Cox, the chief
engineer of the Imperial Chinese Railway,
and Sol Sheridan, special correspondent of
The Call. The soldiers of the New York
Regiment, who were expected to arrive
on the Peking, will come in the next
steamer from Honolulu. The only sol
diers aboard are ten men who have befin
discharged on account of the expiration
of their terms of enlistment. Eight of
these are from Manila and two from Hon
olulu. All are in good health and there
was no sickness aboard the Peking dur
ing the voyage.
Temperance advocates will be pleased
to learn that one man in six in the British
navy is a teetotaler.
JUDGE COOK'S
RIGHT TO TRY
MRS, BOTKIN
Legal Fraternity Vital
ly Interested.
HARPER'S MOVE DISCUSSED
OPINIONS ON PROBABLE ACTION
OF SUPREME COURT.
Several Prominent Lawyers Believe
the Application for a Writ of
Prohibition Will Be
Denied.
In the opinion of some of the most
prominent members of the legal profes
sion in this city the trial of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin, on the charge of having murdered
Mrs. Deane and Mrs. Dunning, will pro
ceed without interference on th^ part of
the Supreme Court. In other words the
application of W. L. Harper, through his
attorney, Louis P. Boardman, for a writ
of prohibition to stop further proceedings
in Judge Cook's court, is expected to be
denied.
Harper's action has aroused the greatest
interest among lawyers as well as citi
zens generally, and the opinion of the Su
preme Court is anxiously awaited. "W nat
ever it may be, it is felt that it will go
a long way toward definitely deciding a
point that is of vital interest to every
State in the Union.
In view of the decision of that court in
denying the extradition of Mrs. Botkin
to Delaware, it is the general belief that
the Supreme Court will hold that the Cali
fornia courts have full jurisdiction to try
her for the crime, and that the proceed
ings pending before Judge Cook are en
tirely legal.
If, on the other hand, the decision
should be to the contrary, and the writ
granted, it will show that the State and
Federal laws are in need of revision in
order that similar crimes can be properly
punished.
General W. H. L. Barnes thinks the Su
preme Court will make short work of m.t.
Harper's petition, wheif the matter comes
before that tribunal this morning. "I be
lieve this petition to be utterly futi.e,"
said General Barnes, yesterday, "for the
reason that Mrs. Botkin has been regular
ly brought before the trial court on an
indictment charging her with murder,
therefore. Judge Cook has full jurisdiction
to proceed with the trial in the absence
of any motion on the part of the defend
ant's attorneys to quash the Indictment,
or to dismiss the charges.
"The granting of a wrft of prohibition
now by the Supreme Court would lead to
endless confusion hereafter in the trial of
all criminal cases. A citizen might just as
well apply for such a writ in any trial on
the ground that the defense had offered
evidence that would tend to establish his
or her innocence and that the trial judge,
having ruled such evidence out, the trial
was being needlessly prolonged at great
expense to the people.
At the conclusion of Mrs. Botkin's
trial, in the event of her conviction, her
attorneys may bring up the question of
jurisdiction, but until then I am of the
opinion that the Supreme Court will ae
cllne to pass upon it. and that it will make
short work of Mr. Harper's petition when
it comes up for hearing in the morning.
Personally, I am inclined to the belief that
when the point is finally passed unon it
will be decided that the California trial
court has full jurisdiction to try Mrs.
Botkin. There is a parallel case in the
North Carolina statutes, where a man,
standing on Tennessee soil, fired across
the border line, killing a man in North
Carolina. The question of the jurisdiction
of a North Carolina court trying him for
the murder was raised and it was decided
that as he was in Tennessee at the time
he planned and executed the crime, tne
North Carolina courts had no jurisdiction.
Under that ruling Mrs. Botkin can be
tried here."
Ex-Attorney General A. L.. Hart said:
"I do not see how the Supreme Court can
entertain this motion for a writ of pro
hibition. No crime can be committed with
in the boundaries of the United States
that is not amenable to some court of jus
tice. The Supreme Court, in refusing to
extradite Mrs. Botkin, has declared that
her offense, if she is gulUv of the crime
charged against her. Is not under the
jurisdiction of the Delaware courts, and in
view of that decision I do not see how It
can decide that she is not subject to
trial here. I have not looked into this
matter carefully, and I am aware that
there is high legal opinion to the contrary,
but it is my belief that if Mrs. Botkin
committed this crime at all the crime was
committed in this State, and that Judge
Cook has full jurisdiction to try her. In
any event I do not look for the Superior
Court tn definitely decide this point in ad
vance of some action on the part of Mrs.
Botkin's lawyers."
"Off-hand, I would say the Supreme
Court has no jurisdiction In this matter,"
Judge Murphy said last night. "It Is not
a trial court and does not pass upon mat
ters of fact. The indictment under
which Mrs. Botkin is being tried here
gives Judge Carroll Cook the right to try
the case. The Penal Code provides that a
person can be tried here for a murder
committed wholly or in part in this State,
so that the proceedings are regular. An
appeal can be taken to the Supreme
Court at the proper time, and the court
will then decide ihe matter of jurisdic
tion. This time will be at ti.e close of the
trial if defendant's attorneys desire to
take it.
"There is no danger that Mrs. Botkin,
if she is guilty, will escape punishment on
the technical ground that th > laws are de
fective covering a crime which is com
mitted partly in one State and partly in
another. In the case of the woman poi
soned in Delaware the prosecution claims
the candy was purchased in tnis city, and
the poison was then mixed with it. The
box was then mailed from here, thus the
crime was commenced here. This gives
our courts jurisdiction. I do not think
the Supreme Court will grant the desired
writ of prohibition."
Henry E. Hlghton. In response to a
request for an expression of opinion,
on the application for a writ of
prohibition, wrote the following: "In ref
erence to the application for a writ of
prohibition to the Supreme Court in or
der to arrest the trial of the Bot
kin case, of course the Supreme Court
will speak for itself, unaffected by what
the bar may say. I have not specially in
vestigated the question, but m ir impres
sion is strongly against the aonlieation.
I can discern no question in the Botkin
case which can be reached by a writ of
prohibition. I do not believe it to be pos
sible that a murder can be committed
over which there is no jurisdiction any
where, and, if the court was right In re
fusing to extradite Mrs. Botkin. then It
would seem to follow that she can be tried
here."
Tirey L. Ford, Attorney vieneral-elect,
when asked for an expression of opinion
on this latest phase of the Botkin case,
declined, on the ground that the case in
some foihn would probably reach the de
partment over which he is soon to preside.
He felt It would be indelicate to antici
pate his official action in the case, in
which issues of such vital Importance are
involved.
THE POLICE HIS TEXT.
Bey. P. Coombe Says the Force Is an
Important Factor in Civic
Regeneration.
Rev. Philip Coombe delivered an inter
esting sermon at Richmond Congrega
tional Church last evening. His subject
was "The Power and Responsibility of the
Police Department for Civic Regenera
tion."
This power and responsibility, said he,
was manifested in the very development
of the Police Department. America has
been a little in advance of other coun
tries in that regard. It was evident from
the duties imposed upon the police, which
are very great. Police power is the gen
eral power of the Government to preserve
good order, peace, prosperity, and to pro
mote the welfare of the community even
at the expense of private rights. In the
development of civilization the organiza
tion of the police department shows a
marvelous degree of advancement.
"This power is also shown in the fact
that the police have a great deal to do
with that which concerns public health
and public morals," said he. "They should
see to it that no lotteries or gambling be
carried on, or liquor sold to minors, and
also look after tne regulation of busi
ness enterprises. They have a greater re
sponsibility at the present time than they
ever had before.
"I do not think that the Police Depart
ment of this city is negligent or inatten
tive. I believe the policeman is ever on
the alert to prevent whatever is done
against the city, the individual or soci
ety. I do not like to think that these men
tor a paltry sum would shirk the duty
laid out for them. There has been a great
deal said about their inefficiency, and I
suppose that there is some truth in the
charge. But there is good in them. Did
they not march to the Christian Endeavor
convention and sing the songs of Zlon?
There are splendid men among them, and
I would like to see the number increased.
They are brought in contact with many
demoralizing influences. They are con
stantly associated with crime, and do not
have much opportunity to go to church.
The office of police is a noble position and
should be looked upon as such.
"There is a great deal of hope for us in
the Police Department in the great move
ment for civic reform, and I believe that
the policeman will always stand on the
side of God, of public morals and good
government."
YOUNG LADIES' SODALITY.
Its Members Give a Successful Be-
cept.on and Concert at St.
Ignatius Hall.
The concert and reception given yester
day afternoon at St. Ignatius Hall under
the auspices of the members of the Young
Ladies' Sodality proved a success, an en
tertainment of merit that won the appre
ciation of the audience that crowded the
little hall. The gathering was essentially
social and was for the purpose of further
ing the. fraternal relations of the members
of the organization. Admission was re
stricted to invitation only, and none of
the sterner sex, except those who com
prised the orchestra, were admitted.
Fully two thousand young ladies from all
sections of the city were in attendance,
many of whom joined the sodality at the
conclusion of the concert. A feature of
the entire entertainment was the musical
programme rendered under the capable
direction of the leader of the college or
chestra. It is as follows:
Overture. College Orchestra; solo and chorus
"Aye Maria" (with violoncello obbllgato). Miss
Cornelia Stanley soloist, H. Hoffman cellist:
sacred solo. Miss Emma Krieg; sonnet, "The
Virgin" (Wordsworth), Miss Stella Fox; selec
tion, orchestra; solo and chorus, "Aye Maria
Stella," Miss Mary Kelly soloist; solo, "Aye
Maria," Miss May Butler; poem, "Mater Im
macula" (written by Miss Harriet Skidmore for
the occasion), was read by Mrs. Reid; solo
and chorus, "Tota Pulchra," Miss Evelyn
Manning soloist; selection, orchestra.
The concluding portion of the concert
was devoted to the rendition of the fol
lowing selected numbers:
Hymn with orchestral accompaniment. Sodal
ity; consecration; instrumental selection. "Aye
Maria." orchestra; vocal solo with violin ac
companiment, "Angels" Serenade" (from "Aye
Regnia Coelorum), Miss Mary Code, soloist;
address. Rev. Father Frieden; hymn with or
chestral accompaniment. Sodality.
The musicians who were specially cho
sen to conduct the rendition of the musi
cal part of the entertainment were:
First violins— J. McCann, C. Kelly. F. O'Sulll
van, M. Mil ward, J. Egan, E. La Valle; second
violins— J. Murphy, N. Harrison, J. Muleare, C.
Coulure, H. Hogan. A. Smith, C. McCarthy, O.
McCann; violoncello, H. Hoffman; cornets —
Otto Lang, 8. Bovo; flute, J. Lewis; drums, 8.
Plercy.
Gained Friends.
Our sale of Saturday has been so
great and successful that we ha' c con
cluded to make more friends by con
tinuing our sale for Monday and Tues
day. Good Creamery Butter, squares,
at 35c; Choice Petaluma Ranch Eggs,
35c dozen; Choice California Brandy,
60c bottle, and Choice Sugar Corn, 3
cans for 25c. Call and see us for Holi
day Supplies. Phone S 292. Levin
Bros. & Co., Leading Cash Grocers,
1324 and 1326 Market street. •
A Worthy Benefit.
An entertainment will be given at Union
Square Hall on December 21 for the bene
fit of the widow of the late Captain Hal
lett, who piloted the cruiser Charleston
into the harbor of Guam when the La-
drone Islands were seized. Captain Hallett
•went out as second officer of the Austra
lia on the first expedition to Manila, and
having a thorough knowledge of tropical
waters, not only piloted the Charleston
into Guam but superintended the landing
of the first American troops at Cavite.
It was while in the performance of this
duty that he contracted illness, due to
fatigue and exposure, from which he died.
He leaves a widow and 2-year-old child
in destitute circumstance's. The benefit
is in the hands of friends, who are ar
ranging a splendid programme, a host of
the best local talent having volunteered.
Tickets are now on sale at the Emporium
ticket office and at Sherman & Clay's.
Imposes on Druggists.
The police are searching foe an opium
fiend who has been systematically vic
timizing druggists in the Mission. His
scheme is to visit a drugstore and present
the druggist wth a prescription calling
for a solution of cocaine. The prescrip
tion purports to have been signed by a
well-known physician. The man, after
receiving the drug, tells his victim that
the doctor whose name is attached to the
prescription is about to perform an op
eration on a patient and that he will
settle for the drug as soon as he gets
through. It is said that by these means
the swindler has succeeded in imposing
on a number of unsuspecting druggists.
Boys' Home Benefit.
A vaudeville entertainment and dance
will be given on Wednesday evening. De
cember 14, for the benefit of the San
Francisco Boys' Home. An excellent pro*
gramme has been arranged, one of the
principal numbers of which will be a live
ly one-act sketch, in which Miss Sadie
Johnson will appear.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOLIDAY GOODS!
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY,
All goods ordered for the HOLIDAY TRADE have arrived
and are now ready for inspection. During this month
(December) we will show a very choice assortment of NEW
GOODS specially suited for CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
LADIES' SCALLOPED AND EMBROIDERED LINEN HANDKER-
CHIEFS,
$1.75 to $36 Dozen.
LADIES' AND GENTS' INITIALED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN
CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS, in great variety.
LADIES' AND GENTS' PLAIN LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS,
$1.20 to $9 Dozen.
LADIES' FEATHER COLLARETTES AND BOAS, IS to 54 Inches
in length,
$2.50 to $25 Each.
LADIES' FUR SCARFS, in Mink, Stone Marten, Electric Seal,
Opossum and Black Marten,
$1.75 to $17.50 Each.
GENTS' FANCY SILK NECKWEAR, latest shapes,
25c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
LADIES* AND GENTS' MERINO, CASHMERE AND SCOTCH
WOOL UNDERWEAR,
$1.50 to $6 Suit.
LADIES' AND GENTS' CASHMERE HOSE AND HALF HOSE,
25c, 35C, 50c, 75c and $1 Pair.
LADIES' AND GENTS' KID GLOVES,
$1 to $2.50 Pair.
LADIES' AND GENTS' SILK UMBRELLAS,
$2 to $9 Each.
An elegant line of LADIES' NEW NECKWEAR, in Jabots, Stock
Collars and Liberty Silk Ruffs,
75c to $4.50 Each.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Open evenings
BQWEN
Grocery Department
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Excelsior Baking Powder
regularly 40c lb i-lb tin 30c
$1.50 5-lb tin 5-lb tin $1.25
Scotch finnan haddies
regularly 15c lb i2sc lb
Kona (Hawaiian) coffee
roasted or ground
regularly 30c lb 25c
Chocolate (Menier)
regularly yellow label 45c lb 40c
green label 65c lb 60c
Placer county oranges
regularly 50c dozen 40c
Fancy toilet soaps
regularly 25c box 20c
Violet's triple extracts
assorted odors, reg'ly 50c bottle 40c
Italian chestnuts
regularly 20c lb 15c
Fancy tub butter
by the pound a 25c
Atmore's mince meat
5-'b pail 60c
regularly 65c
Gordon and Dilworth's
plum pudding
Individual tins 3 for 25c
size i-lb 2-lb 31b 4-lb
reg'ly 22^ 40c 60c 75c
special 20c 40c 55c 70c
December catalogue free
j^RT CALENDARS,
LEATHER GOODS
. . — —^ AND ■ OTHERS • ■
227-229 POST ST. 215-289 BUSH St,
lA/. X. HESS,
KOTABT POBLIO AHD ATTOBMBT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claui Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 93L
Rwildence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
fian Franclaco-
Liquor Department
SPECIAL SAVING SAIIE -
; Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Goldberg, Bowen & Co's
0 K bourbon whiskey
regularly $1 bottle 3 bottles $3
" 4 gallon n3
Zinfandel claret
regularly 50c gallon 350
Imperial cocktails
6 varieties, reg'ly $1.25 bot 90c
Dusseldorfer punch extracts
Maitrank
biichoff
•rr.-j cardinal
. Bataviafiarrac
Jamaica rum
St. Croix rum
for punches
For entertaining
We have all the best brands of
Champagnes
Chateaux wines
Rhine wines
Nathaniel Johnston's
Bordeaux wines
" 43a Pine 115 Sutler 2800 California San Frandsc«
1071 Clav between Eleven)') -•'' ~ r "' "'"'' .. ■'•'•'"d
oooooooooooooooooa
gw PALACE w$
°GRAND>L9-IM±MI
" . BAN FHAPiOiaCO. Ql
."* .-■■ Connected by a covered pastagewajr.
0 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. *•
0 All Under One Management. Q
A ROTE TBK PKICSS: Q
£ European PI an. 81 .00 per day and npw»rd a
D imtrlctin Plan.f3.oO per day and upward *J
q Correspondence Solicited. . (J
£ JOSH 0. SIBSPA?RIOK, M»aigsr. g
00000000000000 o a
ScCO.^ggV
(1 3
>S§^33o MARKET ST. S.?.\£gS