GOLDEN
JUBILEE
EDITION
The San Francisco Call#-- • f . . .A r ■ f / 1 i-% — - a a "r A a. - ' • * flfc » So E y! Bi S'- i «*. -* * • " ■< /• -> \ \ I \ I
sop* & /.jd^ c«=cr—^-~,^_^|^l v
— -«^ m r-^ " ~~ j^ /vi
Is > I —
Li — ' t - ' mt ■ " I I * /o *••■ i
S m • lS£3!"«lr-i — i ■-, ■- •- i ■
-l '!!• Sit H" Mm BE. I ES—
IMPERIAL HOTEL
STOCKTON, CALIFORNIA
SINCE Has assumed the management of the IMPERIAL HOTEL
MR. ROTHENBUSH at Stockton, the change has been much appreciated by the
traveling public. It is without question the best conducted and most finely appointed
interior hotel in the State. The service is perfect, the most captious cannot complain
of the accommodations, and the menu is unsurpassed. Carriages are always on hand
for the convenience of the guest, and no charge made to any point in the city. The
rooms are all light and airy, and the furniture new and up to date. It is the favorite
stopping place for all the first class trade going to Stockton. Mr. Rothenbush has
introduced many an innovation which tends to please the guest, and no one visiting
Stockton should fail to register there.
Established in 185b
Tubbs Cordage Company
MANUFACTURERS OF
ALLSIZESOF MANILA
»N» SISAL ROPE
60T-609-611-613 FRONT ST. "™« twine
c, ~ . ~ ■ LATH YARN
San Francsco, Cal. DRILLING CABLES
FACTORY AT POTRERO WHALE LINE
ROPE FOR TRANSMISSION OF POWER
±
THF mfr -~
Golden Eagle Hotel
AT SACRAMENTO, CAL.
IS AND ®ne °^ l^ e l eac^ n
ALWAYS HAS BEEN hotek in California.
Its history is identical with that of the city
itself, and to-day it stands as a modern first
class hotel, of which any community might
be proud.
The GOLDEN EAGLE has entertained
most, if not all, of the famous men from
all parts of the Union. It is now the bus-
iness and political headquarters for all par-
ties. During the legislative sessions, the
GOLDEN EAGLE is the one place of
rendezvous in Sacramento where you may
be sure of meeting any prominent official
I of either branch in its spacious lobby or cafe.
The hotel in 1894 was placed in elegant
shape by its proprietors, Messrs. Gray &
Titus. An elevator of the latest pattern was
added and a large annex on the K. street
front. The suites and many of the larger
rooms contain baths, and all the rooms have
hot and co!d running water.
The location in the wry heart of the city
makes it popular with the commercial
travelers, and the proprietors strive both in
the service in the dining room and office to
give their patrons the home-like feeling that
makes one feel he wants to come again.
A well conducted hotel is of benefit to
the city in which it is located, and the ver-
dict of both our home people and our patrons
is that such is the standing of the
GOLDEN EAGLE HOTEL
AT SACRAMENTO
United States Laundry
ONE OF THE MOST EXTENSIVE ESTABLISHMENTS
ON THE PACIFIC COAST
19 jlipl ,a
VALENCIA AND SIXTEENTH STREETS
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS
CAREFULLY FOLLOWED
SHIRTS ... COLLARS
CUFFS
Extremely well laundered at the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Likewise
■
Ladies' and Children's Wear
WE CLEAN
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS and
LAUNDER
BED AND TABLE LINEN
Your FINE FLANNELS should
be washed with care.... we Wash them by Hand
OFFICE
1004 MARKET STREET TEL ™™ Al(\
IVVT rear POWELL SOUTH T"^V
iWASHBueiN & mm MFG. CO. I
/7 in \A~- f\ iß^feStiif j^^MJO
2 MAKE THE BEST WIRE ROPE 2
0 FOR MINING, HOISTING, LOGGING AND TRAMWAYS ®
• SHIP'S RIGGING, MOORING AND TOWING CABLES A SPECIALTY •
2 COPPER AND INSULATED WIRES |
2 WIRE OF EVERY DESCRIPTION •
2 OUR PACIFIC WORKS IS THE ONLY WIRE AND WIRE ROPE FACTORY •
0 ON THE COAST •
2 OFFICE, 8 AND 10 PINE STREET •
2 San Francisco, - - .. California •
?^^S^ Telephone, Red 1571
ALASKA
BOATS and SLEDS
4Lso 13 WHEELERS building and built to order
_
San Francisco Launch Co.
north now AMD STOCKTON sts.. . sax franclsc CAL.golden jubilee
SAa 1 KANCISCO, SUNDAY, JAXUARV 23, 1898.4
OR centuries California lay basking in the
i ■■■« Bun, hugging her treasure to h> :■ breast.
Elver; flay that passed, every drop
a of water that flowed i»n down through the
smiling valleys, every grain of sand that was
added to the lofty forest-covered mountain.--.
or worn away by wind or water, meant mi
i creased riches.
Ail through the spring: and summer Cali
ornia waited, and her mysterious sunny, sleepy
smile blossomed into myriads of golden poppies,
tinged with the color of that she held. And through
the winters, too, she waited, weeping softly in her
tie disappointment, til! tin- spring came
again.
And summer followed spring, and winter came
again and again, and still no one came. The world
was hungering, for gold. Men had suffered and
struggled and murdered for gold. And the dumb
gold-mother lay enchained, ready to give with freest,
fullest generosity out of the store of treasure that lay
in her lap. if only the messenger who knew the ma
gic word would come to break the spell that bound
her.
All through the ages when the naked red men
roamed through the majestic forests, and up and
down the beautiful valleys, California despaired. Her
rescuer was none of this race. These degraded sav
ages knew not the mighty power that lay locked up
by Nature's hand. They plucked the wild fruits,
they hunted the birds and the beasts. They found
blue and white stones, the pipe clay and the red
pcher, with which to stain their misshapen bodies
and their brutish faces. But the gold which Cali
fornia held they valued not.
. And so she waited.
Once, more than three centuries ago, a stran<-e
ship Failed into the harbor and white men from the
olnt - r <;•• world cam.- to California's shores
For '•■ that her day had come.
tn- while men sailed away, as unawares as \vh«n
they landed, of the Etore of riches, ready to fall like
fruit into their adventurous hands. And Cali
irily again, and dozed and slept
tned for two long centui
Ar ■ Jesuit priests and their
• ■■- ■! up from Mexico, Aita
In the sun, rubbed h.-:
Hut the signal came not,
and she sank brick into drowsy repose.
t, though no one yet knew the magic word
h should transform still forests and the
which should vivify the sleeper and
unlock the store of wealth she ). tn her stif
a myth, a whisper, a dream of
was ■:. the hearts and in the minds of men. The name.
California, had bet-un to signify riches, extravag
of production, the realization of an earthly paradise.
Vet still the Gold Em] | and only dreamed
vakening.
ir in the South, a Spanish-Californian pulled a
onion up by the roots, and with it came a hint
tlifomia'j . a tiny streamlet of sold
that had d from the abundance that was
hers.
The sleeper stirred and smiled in her sleep. But
the southern land was a sleepy land itself, and those
who dwelt there were content with little. The great
store was undisturbed, and California dozed again
through many a sunny and many a rainy day.
v A scientist, one versed in Nature's sly ways,
passed the spot, and to his dis Honing eye the hoard
of gold was visible. He to.d of his vision to the
world, and California dreamed she heard the tramp
of oncoming armies of men.
Yet still her mighty energies lay slumber-bound.
Still the shining gold lay untouched.
But now Hi.- day of deliverance was at hand. An
Indian was shot at Xerba Buen he would
not rev<-al the a lurce >■!" the treasure }!•• had brought
to the sandy little hamlet on San Francisco Ti;i;
trader touched upon the secret and postponed till an
other day a more thorough search. But he lost his
life in a battle with the Indians. And California
heart.
The messenger was on his way. He was hover
ing about the spot where lay the golden mystery.
Twice he came rind twice In- went away. The third
.time, all unknowing, h> Btumbled upon that for which
men had searched from the beginning of mat'
tory. ' He Btretched out a hand, ignorant, cai
but curious, and took from tin* golden heap ■>!.
cious grain.
It was the signal. California awoke
• • • • •
it was time. A territory as lan ince, Ger
many and Great Britain combined lay Idle, unculti
vated, ';;.■ practically uninhabited. in nil
of what we now know ida, Utah,
Arizona, nearly ;i 11 of New Mexico, half •■.
and parts of Kansas and Wyoming, there were half
a dozen Catholic missions — embryo S,i!i Frai.
San Jose, San Luis i>bispo. Santa Barbara, Loa An
gles and Monterey, and far. far oft beyond the Sier
ras, across the high desert plateau, on the border of
the salty inland sea. there was a baby settlement <•?
Mormons, that had been intended for Ferba I'.uena,
had not Uncle Sam anticipated their desire and raised
the stars and stripes.
A great empire of snow-capped mountains, b auti
ful valleys, 'tain lakes so crys
tal dear that they might have been diamonds Lrlisten-
Irig on the great knueklt s of Nature's clenched hand.
busy, chattering brooks growing as they ran
(way from the gulches and ravines till they be
mighty rivers that discharged their waters into the
i ea.
And all this for savages, of s.> low, so o •graded,
;> type that the name "I >ii:.-r>-r" fa ony
mous with tl x'r talor.
The whif men who had come wesi the traders,
the trappers, the officials, the small companies of sol
diers, considered themselves exiles. Home wa
far away. Between it and them lay thousai
miles of unknown territory. It was i- i Bor,
but hardly hoped for. The pioneer who had come
around the Horn to this far-off ■ n of Mex
ico looked back regretfully on the Bye months'
Journey he ' I ie. The man who had ma le bis
way west gradually across \h- Rockies to For! Van
couver and down through the Columbia and Willa
mette valleys asked himself for what he had Bill :
BO much privation, for what he had tempted death in
BO many ways.
In 1844 and 1545 there were not 10,000 people in all
scattered through the infant empire. Yet tha reve
nue amounted to $290,000. The public debt was nearly
as much again. The tariff on such necessaries as
coffee, sugar. Hour and cotton made them luxuries,
far out' of reach of the average Californian. There
was an almost complete cessation of emigration. Cali
fornia's merchants were deep in debt. Down at Mon
terey, the "\ ersailles of the western empire, a few
families lived in comparative comfort, in luxurious,
idleness, enjoying the dolce far nlente of th"
effortless, sensuously beautiful life; while to the
north, restless, eager prospectors and pioneers,
100 thoroughly Anglo-Saxon to be infected by the
Spaniard's love of ease, roamed through the
canyons and over the sharp ridges of the high
mountains, ever seeking, never finding, till the
fateful mc-ment came.
Monterey was disposed, in those old days, to
patronize Yerba Buena. She looked upon the
feverish restlessness of the northern city with
the good-natured contempt that the indolent pa
trician has for the bustling plebeian.
When gold' was discovered, the dean of Cali
fc.-rnian papers. The < !alifornian, of Monterey, ex
plained that there had been a misunderstanding
in the north as to Monterey's desires in the mat
ter. The capital had only the kindliest feelings
for the sandy little upstart. Yerba Buena had
her haughty elder sister's best wishes. Should
the northern city prosper and increase, it could
in.no way disagreeably affect Monterey's stand
ing.
So the hldalfO Of towns down in the dreamy
south dozr-d on, too K<»>d naturod and too lazy,
truth to tell, to permit the activity of the north
to disturb its repose — a repOM that would have
been characteristic of all of Alta California, had
not fate and that hoard of hiddon sold worked
together to r"us«> and stnrtie Otti of her senses
lovely old Monterey — and the w.orld.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SIN PAY, JAXUAKV '2*>h IN - M -
Among the early pioneers was one who. quitting
New Jersey for Missouri, Missouii for Oregon, and
entering California by way of the north, was des
lii ed to bring about greater prosperity than any
iman tr economist the United states has pro
'l. Hy some caprice of late, an uneducated Ameri
can, p messing u<< unusual mental i r moral qualities,
an ordinary, very faulty, man, had been chosen to
revolutionise the financial attain of the world, and
t<> place California in the very center of the world's
ad mind
In August. IM7, a few men. a woman and two
children left Sutler's Fun. which the old Swiss loved
to call X'u Helvetia, and Journeyed In a northeast
erly direi Uon.
The leader of the expedition was a millwright
by trade, ; strong, straight, active man, about Js
years old. His features were rather coarse, rough
hewn. Around his chin he wore a thin beard which
joined his short brown hair at the temples. His eyes
penetrating, his forehead broad, his mouth thin
flipped, determined, obstinate His face locked Scotch,
and his long; shaven upper Up gave h:m something
Of a clerical air. A typical, hard-headed farmer from
the East- -. you would say. The body <>f ;t
mountaineer, rugged, hearty, agile. The mission of
;i hero. A strange combination. This was Marshall.
If y< v were to start to-day from Sacramento for
Coloma, you wen Id cross the Sacramento Valley in a
northeasterly direction about as Marshall and his
small company did half a century ago. Only you
I take the train for Polsosa, while they jour
d on, carrying tools and supplies in Mexican ox-
. like that one may see at the restored Sutter's
Fort of to-day. They drove a band of sheep be
fore them, some say. and nearly a week had passed
before they had arrived at just the spot that set
i -shall the proper place to erect that celebrated
f whose raceway gold dust and not saw
dust was the product, The trip could be made to
day in five hours, if trains and stage connected. which
they don't. When Sutter went over to investigate
the discovery, which that unreliable, eccentric asso
date "f his reported, the mill was but a day's ride
from tiie fort
The Sacramento Valley in '47 was a beautiful soli
tude, about which roamed herds of d> er, antelope
ar.d wild cattle and borsea On the banks of the
river were willows, co£tonwood and sycamore trees,
ash, < r ;n<] maple and wild grape vines tangled. Fur
ther down, where the river sought the bay, the lighter.
Changed to a rich dark hue, whore the tail,
ul tuli .-■ waved and the air took a salty tint:".
Thii.k of these people marching sturdily away
from th« one sp«»t in -.<.''' that wilderness where a
whit- 1.. I"- seen: that \v. 11-built. weli
planned fort of Butter's, whose gracious boapitaUly,
whose practical all-round wisdom was at every man's
.service.
I tat the members of this band were made of stern,
stout Stuff. Marshall was a most ingenious man.
"handy," abje to do anything that might be done by
skillful, experienced hands, from constructing rude
make-shifts for furniture, to cabinets worthy of a
place in civilized communities. Before leaving the
fit. he had stocked some plows for Sutter. At
the restored fort they keep the saddle he made for
himself. An old pioneer at Coloma showed me the
wooden latch Marshall had fashioned for his door,
when Coloma became prosperous and. alas! wicked.
Weirner. Marshall's right-hand, man, had cros.-i
the plains and after arriving at Sutler's Fort— every
body arrived at Butter's Fort and sallied out to con
quer the wildernfss from there— he started with a
team and cannon to join Fremont. On his return
Welmer entered Butter's employ, and in May. h<->. with
■ companion, made s sort of preliminary prospecting
expedition- i i t for gold, but for timber, which should
be used In the construction of a flouring mill; a thing
fur which the far-seeing, thrifty Sutter yearned.
!i Mrs. \V. Inter was a credit to the little pio
neer-company. She had i r>>ssed the plains with her
husband and h»>r two children by h?r first marriage.
And she was a model for a pioneer's wife; able and
willing to bear hardships, an excellent nurse, as Mar
shall had good reason feo kn<<w: a competent seam
■ train, v the Indians could testify. WhOK nakedness
th ' vered irith sh!vts of her ovrn making. Fhe was
a good cook, too. making the most and the tastiest
Of tb« suit :-;Umon and* boiled wheat, which was all
they had at rirst. She could even make soap. lan't
it odd that Mrs. Weimor's s>ip-making should have
:HOW -JIM-MARSHALL- PICKED liPiSHNIJ66ET:AMD*
LIST TO A
become historical? These people were not starting
out without a definite end in view. Marshall had
■already seen the place where be intended to erect
th.v saw-mill. He had it in his mind all the time
they were traveling <>n. He would describe it to his
companions, that narrow little valley, shut in by
Steep hills. He vould draw rude diagrams showing
ju.-n the spot on the south side, where the declivity
was the gentlest and the level stretch of land broad
ened, and the river curving around made an ideal
mill site for the dispatching of those noble pines that
covered the mountains all about. Months before* he
had crossed this same path across the valley and
then along the ridge over the mountains and down
to where the American River flows, washing the hem
of the great hi! is' skirts, and carrying with it un
known, andisc vered dust and liakes and nuggets of
goid.
*****
The little company made its way down along
the mountain's side into the valley below. Every
thing was t>> b«- done, and almost immediately they
mt to work. A double logtiouse was built for Mrs,
Weimer and her family, a quarter of a mile up from
the river in a little gulch amid the pines. And later,
when more men came up from the fort to assist in
building the mil?, and the old story of boarding-house
feuds was repeated, other little loghouses were
1 nearer the river and the mill, and men
"batched" for themselves. But the whole little set
tlement counted only eighteen, including Mission In
dians, who would work under' supervision. Things
uont on very slowly. They had so few tools: they
had to supply so many deficiencies and do without
l-ii many necessaries. And after the rains began, the
river swelled and swelled till it flooded the Qttle val
ad very nearly undid all the work that had been
;■■ painfully, n wearyingly done.
Six months had passed and that mill was not yet
finished. The dam had been built, the frame for the
i"ill was BUmdteg and the flume and the bulkhead
were completed. Marshall grew impatient. There
was no possibility of getting m<.-re hands to work, so
the pioneer turned to Nature for assistance. Every
night after the men had finished work and sought
the snug comfort of their cabins, the gate was raised
and the clear, mountain river, freed from the arti
ficial bound:: that held it during the day. dashed
madly. Joyously through the ditch, washing out the
sand and singing at its work all the night while the
tired laborers slept
"I used to go down in the morning," says Mar
shall, "to m<• what had been done by the water
through the night About 7:30 o'clock in the morn
ing I \\<-r.t down ;is usual, and after shutting (.-ff the
- from the r.-i pped into it. near the
lower end, and there, upon a rock, about six inches
beneath the surface <>f the water, I discovered the
gold."
Never in all the history of rising betimes has the
early bird found so precious a worm as this! If this
millwright could have gathered up the treasure he
had discovered, he might have been worth $1,303,571,
598 to-day.
Marshall stooped down and gathered a few more
pieces of the metal. Picking up gold was as easy
in that old millrace as it is in a dream of treasure
trove. Meditatively, tentatively he placed a piece
upon a rock and with another rock hammered It flat.
It was malleable, surely. Marshall scrambled up the
bank, bearing in his old hat a collection of bright
shining particles. "Boys," he said, "by , I be
lieve I've foiyid a gold mine!"
Work on the mill was stopped and the men gath
ered about cuiiosly, (inubtingly, eagerly. One can
imagine the various tests suggested. We know,
though, from Mrs. Weimer's own account, that her
boy, Martin, brought her a piece of the gold, saying:
"They want you to put it into saleratus water to
see if it will tarnish."
"This is gold," Mrs. Weimer said. Mrs. Weimer
came from Georgia and had seen gold dust before
"I'll throw it into my lye kettle, which I've just tried
out with a feather, and if it is gold, it will be gold
when it comes out." 9£nl
'Which was wisdom. Mrs. Weimer's narrative
bom sn:
"I finished off my soap that day and set it off to
cool, and it stayed there until next morning. At the
breakfast table, one of the wurkhands raised up his
head fr-rm eating and said: 'I heard something about
gold being discovered: what about it?* Mr. Mar
shall tuld him to ask Jenny, and I told him it was
in my soap kettle. Mr. Marshall said if it was there
it had not gene bark to California. A plank Vas
brought for me to lay my soap onto, an/1 I cut it in
chunks, but it was not to be found. At the bottom
of the pot was a double handful of potash* which I
lifted in my two hands, and there was in> gold as
bright as it could be."
But M;u shall was net quite satisfied. Sutt^r had
failed to send a supply of provisions to the mill. Mar
shall determined to go down to the fort, see what
reason there was for the delay, and report to Sutter
the finding of what he believed and hoped was gold.
"I was Bomewhat surprised to see him." Sutter
s-iys in him account, "as he was down a i'.'\\ days
previous. After I had sent up to Cokwna a number
of teams with provisions, mill irons, etc.. he told me
then that he had some important and Interesting
news which he wished to communicate secretly to
me, and wished me to go with him to a place wh>>re
we should not be disturbed, and where no listeners
could come and hear what we had to say. * * *
Th-n Mr. Marshall began to show me this metal.,
which consisted of small pieces and specimens, some
of them worth a "few dollars; he told me that he had
expressed his opinion to the laborers at the mill, that
this might be gold, but some of them were laughing
at him and called him a crazy man, and could wt
believe such a thing.
"After having proved the metal with aquafortis,
which I found in my apothecary shop, likewise with
other experiments, and read the long article "Gold' in
the Enclycopedia Americana, I declared this to be
gold of the finest quality, of at least twenty-three
carats."
Then hey, back to the mountains! Marshall
could no longer rest at the fort. Off he started for
that little valley, magical to him now as it hi a be
come to the rest of the world. He implored Sutter
to come with him and immediately. But the
matic Swiss could see no necessity for hurry. M"
advised Marshall to stay for supper aril sleep ai rue
fort. Then in the morning they both could ride
over to the valley of gold. But Marshall would not
listen.
"Will you come to-morrow morning?" h<' asked
Putter with the intentness of extreme preoccupation.
Sutter promised. Marshall went out ol fhe warm
adobe, down the steps, across the yard and out be
yond the walls. The gateway closed behind him, and
Marshall rode out into the rainy night.
The next morning at 7 o'clock Sutter followed.
"When he had left th^ valley and bo*eun to climb the.
mountains, he saw a man crawling out -of the brush
wood. It was Marshall, so mad now with
fever that he could not wail at Ce-loma for Sutter's
coming. He had ridden fifty-four miles u\> from
the fort to the mill, and then, mounting another
horse, had turned back to meet his partner.
"Just as the mill hands were finishing break
fast," relates Henry Bigler. one of that disband- 1
Mormon regiment of sc-ldiers, who became miner,
store-keeper, and followed half a dozen . different
trades as circumstances required, "we saw the old
gentleman come stubbing along with his cane In his
hand (a well-dressed old gentleman, too), Mr. Mar
shall on one side and Mr. Weimer on the ether, Sut
ter in the middle. As they neared our shanty \ j
went out and met them. After shaking hands and
passing the common salutations \v«' were all invited
by Sutter and Marshall to go along- and have a gen
eral time prospecting in the race."
Fancy the old Swiss land baron issviinar a sort
Of general invitatii.-n to his men to join in the merry
game of picking up fortunes!
But the man who could play the rolo of the Treas
ure King in a fairy-tale role was not elated.
"On my way home." he says, "I was very un
happy, and could not see that it would benefit me
much. Before my departure I had a conversation
with all hands; I tc-ld them that I would consider It
as a great favor if they would keep this dis
secret only for six weeks, so that 1 c
large fiour mill at Brighton, which"
had cost me already about from
twenty-four to twenty-five thou-
• *~TALE OF GOLD
~* _ —
HOW ME NEWS -STAU IXD -TUf BKGttT GOLD ItUSIt IN If SSTORY
sand dollars. The people up there promised to keep
it secret so long, but 1 thought at the time that it
could hardly be kept secret for six weeks."
Hardly: Can you imagine yourself felling trees,
planing lumber, digging out the mill race, carrying
stones, hammering and sawing and laboring in all
the varied ways that are necessary to turn a wilder
ness into a town, while at your feet lies the smiling,
glittering, inviting gold, alluring you with its rich
promisi ng, beseeching you only to stoop and
pick up fortune, pleasure, power, all the things man
j • rr.s for?
And yet for a time the building of the mill went
on. Until one day a carpenter named Bennett, em
ployed by Marshall, left Coloma for Monterey. He
carried with him a quantity of the dust, and passing
through Terba Buena met Isaac Humphrey, a miner,
who had washed gold in Georgia. Humphrey came
up to Coloma with Bennett, where they arrived early
in March. He found a few of the men half-heartedly
hunting for gold; but work was going an at the mill.
as if there were no better use to make of those hours
set apart from all the myriads of hours since the be
ginning of time as the most fruitful.
But Humphrey changed all this. He washed a
pan of dust: and the men, clustering round, saw the
pi bbles washed away, and then the coarser rock, and
then the lighter earth. And with every cradling
movement of the experienced miner's hands, with
every new washing, the bottom of the pan grew
brighter and brighter. The black dust appeared
and the gold smiling up from under the thin coatlnr
of water lay in Hakes and grains, pure, fine, rich
Then Humphrey built a rocker. And sudumly
every man there found that a rocker was Uk j one
thins he needed. All the little Coloma world set to
building rockers. The Indians, the carpenters, the
blacksmith, even the children and Mrs. Weimer her
self had to have a rocker.
It was the first case of clearly defined, well-de
veloped gold fever. Unfortunately, there was no '
physician at Coloma to watch the progress of the
malady. But even if there had been, he himself
would have caught the delightful contagion, and the
first symptom, as all the world knows, is the loss of
memory, of wit, of wisdom, of everything but the de
sire for gold-getting. , ?• /.
* * * * *
Even before that careless sixty- word announce-]
ment of the finding of gold, in the Monterey Call- '
fornian, the rush to the valley of the American River
began.
"I have seen boats with blankets for sails," writes
the man who owned the first store in Coloma, "pass
Benicia loaded with men who were working with
might and main, bailing out their frail crafts with
hats, shoes, and other such things, and even then, in
some cases, they did not succeed in preventing them
from swamping."
Men didn't care how they got to Coloma, pro
vided only they got there. They depopulated New
Helvetia, they left set traps and uncared-for cattle.
They walked over the mountains, they crawled, they
crept; but they reached the golden little Mecca.
"I have slept out in the winter rain without a
tent, and merely something over my head to keep
the rain from battering my face, and little trenches
dug around my body to carry the water off," says a
forty-niner.
This man had come west on a sailing vessel that
left Baltimore in March, and arrived at Yerba Buena
in November. Just about this time the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company was ready for business, and
then all the world poured into California. They came
from Oregon and Washington, from Mexico, from
Hawaii. The population sprang up to 100,000 and
increased by 50,000 annually for the next five or six
years.
In June. 1848, there were only five people left In
Terba Buena, women and children. I wonder why
they, too, didn't pro on that wondrous pilgrimage.
Everybody else did. Towns and farms were deserted.
Rancheros. vaqueroa, wood-choppers, soldiers and
sailors who had deserted or obtained leave of ab
sence devoted all their energies to washing the sands
of Colo-ma.
•'The whole country, from San Francisco to L<>s
Angeles and from the seashore to the base of the
Sierra Nevada, resounds with the sordid cry of Gold!
Gold: Gold! while the field is left half planted, the
house half built, and everything neglected but the
manufacture of picks and shovels and the means of
transportation to the spot."
This was the cry of the Californian on May 29.
And after Inveighing against the sordidness of the
gold desire, its editor promptly and very humanly
succumbed to the fever himself. The Californian
suspended. In fact, everything was suspended but^
gold hunting.
* * * • «
And it was worth while. A man from Sonoma
who went to the pia<;er mines had collected 51SM in
two* weeks and was still averaging fIM a day. A
man, his wife and his son were milking $->00 a day.'
Many got from $800 to $1500 a day at Auburn, farther .
north, and one man got 116,000 out of five carloads
of dirt. It was rumored that Murphy of Murphy's
Camp had collected over (1,500,000 in gold dust be
fore the close of the wet season of IS4B. Two men
wh>> had employed white men and Indians to work
for them at Coloroa paid off their party and left at
the end of a week with $10,000. A soldier of Mason's
Artillery Company returned from a twenty days' fur
lough, eleven days of which h« had spent in travei
ing. In a week he had made $l.",00, a sum greater
than he would receive in pay. clothes and rations
during an enlistment of five years. At Krannan'a
st',-re. just outside the walls of Sutter's Fort, they
had received in payment for goods $36,000 in gold,
dust alone, in two months. A single nugget worth
$13,000 was found. There were two worth $21,000
■-. one worth $10,000 and numberless nuggets, sln
g] ■ bits of rock, worth from $100 to $5000. One man
found a nugget worth $Sooo and went raving mad ti« ;
next day.
* * • * •
We drove over the other day from Placerville—
Placerville, whose streets are frozen in hard ridges
just ht this season — to vinit Coloma.
tv,^ oir ..>«, uv,..—^ v.itirxr with a piny, mountain
'ragrance that is ex
hilarating. The road
wound up aronud
hills upip n hills,
with mountains be
yond, and beyond these the skyey-blue Sierras, blue
as a baby's eyes or a bunch <>f forget-me-nots. The
highesi peaks were snow covered, and the frosted
over pine needles, fallen from the slender, straight
trees, through which the road -winds, carpeted the
forest till it looked like a gigantic, beautiful, glisu-n
ing Christmas card.
The first glimpse you get of Coloma down In the
valley below, far below where the shining river loops
about the mountains' base, is delightful Even Dig
ger Indians were sensible t.> the loveliness of the
spot, fpr they called the pla< c Cullumah, which means
beautiful vale.
It's BUCh a tiny valley, this historical one whore
»the world rushed madly to disembowel it ot'ltM treas
■ ure. The hills about now are covered with vineyards,
ami one sees the town Itself through a thin brown
v.-ii, which the snipped limbs of the peach orchards
make. The road drops down suddenly, and one finds
himself in the ideally beautiful village, whose one
JfIMES W. MARSHALL.
Discoverer of Cold In California.
Statue erected by the State of California at Coloma. El Dorado County.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, IR9S 11
street, poplar shaded in summer, it takes not five
minutes to pass through.
Ther#» are probably a hundred people left in Co
loma to-day.
Such a «jui' t. respectable little hamlet has Co
loma become in Its demure old age. You wouldn't
dream of accusing this tiny town, lying bedded in
of anything thai wasn't strictly conventional,
and edifying, and somnolent. There isn't a soul on
the streel save the Bchool children, a dozen or. so,
who stare at one with the open-eyed, speculative
gaze with which the salmon trout, caught floundering
high and dry in the drained mill-race, might have
regarded those oddly dressed, bearded men, whose
b""ts sank int" the soft, black ooze of the American
River.
Long before you reach Coloma you're struck with
the fact that every depression of earth, every union
of hill with hili is bordered <>n either side with bare
stones. This is the mark the gold-seeker nas left
oehind him. But if you would realize the frenzied
search, and th^ thoroughness with which it was ac
complished, turn to the river — Coloma's back door
now. for the town is mainly on the nortn side.
That r >() or, tortured American River! It has been
turned and twisted from its bed till it no longer
knows its original resting place, and it goes mur
muring discontentedly on, its sullied waters nfer
•permitted to regain their original transparent moun
tain purity. On either side there are piled rocks
upon rocks, pebbles without number, great bowlders
stripped bare of all covering. It seems impossible
that mere men could have wrought such desolation.
There isn't a foot of unsifted earth on all the river's
border. The framework of the town lies all exposed,
as though a company of giants, with rapacious hands,
had combed the town and picked its bare bones clean.
Of course, Marshall did not really discover gold
in California.
If you have the time and are interested in tha
( subject, you can readily convince yourself and others
that there are a dozen claimants, beginning with
those of the sixteenth century, who are more or less
entitled to what fame there is in being the first to
know of the existence of gold in California.
But t-o my mmd — and I have read patiently and
painfully all that has been printed on the subject—
th<' later discovery, the real discovery that was fol
lowed by such fruitful results was made by Mar
shall. The claim of Weimer is offset by the fact that
Weimer's wife names Marshall as the man who
picked up the gold. The claim of Bennett, made late
in the day, is rendered rather doubtful by the fact
that in first telling of the discovery re said. "Gold
has been found," and not "I found the gold," as
would have been only natural. To counterbalance the
stories of various ntht-r old pioneers are ihe stories
of equally old pioneers, who give to Marshall's tale
their faith and allegiance.
As to the discoveries of gold before Marshall's
tini". they are of no practical Importance, for they
were Dot followed up. They were premature dis
coverieSi barren of any real effect upon California's
welfare and the world's prosperity.
*****
I'.ut. after all. that monument overlooking the
I in! vale "f Coloma, th< u.^h cut to resemble Mar
shall's face and figure, is a monument not to one
man. It Is a sort of composite, to my thinking, of
th' c;!lvt crowd of ICarshalls, whose invitation to
California was that chance finding of gold in the
rican River, Its a testimony to the sti
an«l the valor and tne <'pen-hande<lr>ess <>f the forty
niner. It's a work "f art in the sense that it perpetu-
In stone a unique phase In the world's history:
it embodies the thought and actions of men, whose
were fascinatingly different from men's lives
before and* since.
Look uix'i! Marshall's statue and then down at
<'<'i"tn;i ami you wiil understand the charm of "pan
ning out" — that charm which k»'<?ps men sifting and
washing, sifting and washing for all their lives. Ton
will realize the freedom and the opportunity to live
one's own life unbound by conventionality and cir
cumstances that were given just this once in Cali
fornia's history to men. You will be affected by the
picturesque romance of a. time which will never be
seen again in this over-settled! highly civilized, pat
.tern-mad. imitativ old world of ours.
The interesting part of Marshall's connection with
the history of gold in California is in the effect that
discovery made upon the man himself. ■ »i^ ;
After that historical day which uncovered rathe:
gold in the millrace Marshall took to mining like tha
rest. He also finished the mill and supplied most
of the lumber of which the town of Coloma was built.l
He had all the opportunities other men had in that
day of golden opportunities. He, in connection with
Sutter, collected a sort of royalty onmining claims.
But what he found he lost.'and what he earned was
quickly spent. The gold that was his slipped from
him as does treasure trove in one's dreams. And he
died in poverty after making way with about $10,000
in addition granted him by the State Legislature in
 . the course of six years. X- ;^:
f / Marshall is not to be judged harshly for his in
temperance, his thriftlessness. They were qualities
: of the time as well as of the man. Neither is he to be
made a martyr, of. and California accused of ingrati
; tude. The State's legislators would have acted more
1 wisely had they appointed a guardian for the septua
genarian, who had been the utensil Fate chose to
shower her billions of gold upon the world; and if
their allowance for the simple tastes of an old bache
lor had not been so California!) in generosity. One
can imagine that the last seven years of the old
man's life, when the pension was discontinued, must
have been hard and bitter years.
"The first piece of gold which I found" this is
Marshall's own story — "weighed about 50 cents. Mrs.
Weimer, being my treasurer, used $440 of my money,
(to purchase stores ordered by me), among which,
was the first piece of gold which I had found. Where
that went, or where it is now, I believe nobody,
knows." * • , w« :r
*****
"One day Mr. Marshall was packing up to go]
away," says Mrs. Vv'eimer apropos of the fourth first j
piece of gold. 5 "In overhauling his traps, he said to
me in the presence of Elisha Packwood: 'Jenny, I
will give you this piece of gold. I always intended
Jo have a ring made from it for my mother, but I will
j;ive it to you.' " % —
*****
You may take your choice of the stories. I be
lieved the Weimer story till it was confirmed by a
benevolent old gentleman at Coloma. •.:-
"And that's the first piece of gold," he concluded,
imphatically. "And it was found in Sutter's mill*
lace in January: 1547." j
"Forty-eight?" I asked softly.
"No," he repeated very sternly, the pink showing
in his delicate old skin. "Forty-seven; I said forty
• * * * * *
There is also a choice in dates, if you're disposed
to be argumentative. Marshall says January IS.
Nearly everybody else says January 19. There are
those who insist upon February, while Bigler's diary
makes it January 21. •'
It is one of the curiosities of history that no date
of importance is undisputed. Just as there is no
fhrine which cynicism doesn't deny. But. the letter
killeth, truly. And, after all, it is not the date, but
the fact .we celebrate. It is not the man, but the
lime, and above all, the vanished spirit of the time
that we commemorate to-day. • \-
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
56
GENERAL JOHN BIDWELL'S TRIP ACROSS THE PLAINS IN 1841
THE first emigrant train from the
United States enterod California
In the fall of 1841. The first set
tlement reached was Dr. Marsh's
ranch, and the date November 4.
Bo far as is now known there are
but two men survivors of that memor-
able Journey— General John Bidwell of
Chico, CaL, and Michael C. Nye of
Crook County. Oregon.
In his twentieth year Bidwell became
possessed of an idea to see the great
Western Reserve and that longing even
tually led him to what afterward be
came California. He had J75, which he
had saved to enter college, and this he
spent In getting as far west as the
Platte reserve. There he became ac
quainted with men who like himself
were resolved on going West. There
were public meetings, and gradually
600 of them banded themselves together
for the trip. They styled themeslves
the 'Western Emigration Society. But
reverses came and the movement went
to pieces, leaving young Bidwell the
only one bent on the undertaking. He
redoubled his exertions among distant
neighbors, and finally a party of sixty
nine persons were plodding slowly
westward. There were five families.
Young Bidwell had a wagon and a
yoke of oxen. A man named Bartleson.
from Jackson County. Mo., was elected
captain. Each man furnished his own
supplies. Nobody was to have less than
a barrel of ffeur, with proportionate
amounts of sugar, etc. Teams of horses,
mules and oxen were used.
The great trouble of the party at first
was that nobody knew which way to
go. In a general way they know that
California was somewhere out west,
TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE OF THE ILL-FATED DONNER PARTY.
THE attractions of California
made themselves felt in the East
even before the da- s of the
Golden Era, Though no hint had
as yet reached the world of the
vast stores of mineral wealth concealed
in her gullies and ranges, the agricul
tural and pastoral resources of the
State were sufficient to attract many
immigrants, and party after party,
traveling slowly in wagons laden with
all their household goods, made the
tedious and dangerous Journey across
the desert and over the Sierras.
Many, attacked by Indians, or perish
ing slowly of hunger and thirst, left
their bones whitening by the side of the
track to mark the path for the next
comer. Many, more fc. -v. ate, got
through safely and prospered exceed
ingly in the land of promise. The story
of these overland disasters has never
been fully told, party after party of
immigrants perished unnoticed In the
desert, and no historian has written of
their sufferings. But contemporaneous
acco«mts throw a lurid light on the
tragedy of Dormer Lake.
In 184? San Francisco, or Yerba
Buena, as it was then called, was but
a little village by the side of the bay,
yet its few hundred inhabitants had
energy and resource, the nobler feel
ings of humanity were strong within
them. When the news reached the town
that a party of immigrants had been
enowed up in the Sierras whilst at
tempting to cross the Truckee Pass, the
generous citizens made immediate re
sponse and a relief fund of $1500 was
subscribed. Search parties were organ
ized and with infinite trouble and dan
ger the remnant of the miserable Dor
mer party were brought forth from the
mowy range by the side of the lake
which still bears their name.
Though well equipped and furnished
with all needful supplies, everything
seems to have gone wrong with the
Dormer party from the outset. The
trouble began when the immigrants,
after leaving Fort Bridger, attempted
to follow a new route over the moun
tains. The track, though largely used
during later years, was then entirely
unopened, and often the party had to
halt for days to cut away the brush or
to explore the country in front of
them.
Thus they dragged their weary way
along until September, nhen it was al
ready getting late in the year, to at
tempt the passage over the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains. After passing Twen
ty Wells they attempted a two days'
journey from water to water. The pas
sage took them three days, they had
to abandon a number of wagons and
lost half their cattle. This disaster
beyond that they had nothing to guide
them.
Providentially they heard of a com
pany of Roman Catholic missionaries
who were on their way from St. Louis
to establish a mission among the F.'at
head Indians of the Rocky Mountains.
This company had engaged an old
mountaineer for a guide, whose name
was Fitzpatrlck and would be up with
Captain Bartleson's party if they would
wait another day. They chafed at the
delay, but it proved a most fortunate
wait for them. The missionary band,
headed by Fathers De Smet, Pont and
Mengarinl, accompanied them as far as
Soda Springs, now in Idaho. It was
rare pood fortune to be accompanied
by such a man as Father De Smet,
genial, even-tempered, experienced in
rough travel and withal one of the
saintliest of men.
Until the party reached the Platte
River nothing unusual happened.
Headed by Captain Fitzpatrick and the
missionaries tbey each day made what
"THE INDIANS RUSHED UPON US YELLING AND FIRING BEFORE WE COULD FIX OUR WAGONS FOR DEFENSE."
Fate of the Logan Party.
progress they could. It was customary
at night to draw the wagons together
into a hollow square, picket the ani
mals inside and detail a guard to
watch. At times the train was half a
mile or more in length, but when dan
ger threatened a compact body was
kept for safety. For most part these
first pioneers had their own roads to
make, but when obstacles were to be
removed or gulches filled all hands
worked with a will.
From Fitzpatrick much was learned
about the Indians. As a precaution
cooking was usually done by day, so
as to have no fires by night. Of course
the emigrants were treated to an oc
casional scare from the Indians; as
when Dawson, who chanced to be
separated from his companions while
hunting, was so frightened by forty
friendly Cheyennes as to report that he
completed the demoralization of th«
party. Many families were entirely
ruined, but the others brutally refused
aid, and savage fißhting: resulted.
One would think that the common
dangers to which all were exposed
should have developed their spirit of
humanity. Under proper discipline this
would undoubtedly have happened.
But as It was, the fear of death only
intensified each traveler's selfishness,
men fought like brutes over trifles, and
one old man whose feet were swollen
was actually abandoned in the wilder
ness.
It was late in October before the
straggling remnant which had escaped
death from privation or at the hands
of the hostile Indians reached the base
of the Sierras. They found it lmpossl
ble to cross the Truckee Pass, a heavy
fall of snow barred the way, and they
were forced to winter as best they
could near the Dormer Lake.
Here, lacking all proper clothing and
shelter, they strove to shield them
selves from the icy blasts of winter,
and when their provisions were ex
hausted had recourse to the most ter
rible of all nourishment in order to
preserve their miserable lives. Six
teen of the party, under the leadership
of Eddy, made a gallant attempt to win
their way out on snowshoes, leaving a
crimson track over the spotless Sierra
snows as they toiled wearily on day
after da
Several relief expeditions at once
started out: the first, under the leader
ship of Glover, reaching the camp on
February 19. Fourteen of the wretched
party had already perished of starva
tion, and the appearance of the sur
vivors, as they crawled from the hovels
where they strove to shelter them
selves, their hair matted and filthy,
their faces haggard, their flesh wasted
to the bone, was ghastly in the ex
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
had been surrounded by thousands of
Indians, who had taken from him his
mule, his gun and the major part of his
clothing.
The buffalo was a new source of In
terest. Almost from the start many
antelope, elk and much smaller game
had been seen, but buffaloes were
scarce till after the P'.atte had been
reached. It Is impossible lor young per
sons to conceive of the vast herds of
these huge animals that swept over
prairie and hillside, thundering at
times all night long, making the very
earth tremble with their wild indescrib
able rush. At times some of the party
were compelled, on the approach of one
of these vast herds, to advance some
distance from camp to turn or divide
them by firing guns and making fires,
lest they should in their mad sweep
trample under foot the entire camp. By
the time the party had reached the
Sweetwater buffaloes had compara
tively disappeared. Great numbers of
mountain sheep were seen at Scott's
Bluffs, below Fort Laramle. on the
North Platte, but because of their ex
ceeding wildness none were killed.
When the missionary party was
about to leave lovely Soda Springs one
half of the emigrant party — now num
bering sixty-four in al! — were so dis
couraged that they decided to continue
with the missionaries to Fort Hall
rather than to venture Into the un
known regions toward California,
and, not without misgivings, penetrated
the trackless western *wilds, following
down the west side of Bear River
toward Salt I.nk'-.
Using whnt scanty Information they
had been able to gain from Fitzpatrlck
and other sources, it was September be
fore they reached the northern extrem
ity of the lake. Progress was Impeded
by almost constant interruptions and
frequent delays. The smoky atmos
THE DONNER PARTY OVERTAKEN BY WINTER IN THE SIERRA
NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
treme. Glover, himself short of provis
ions, was only able to bring out a por
tion of the party, and when the second
expedition, under Reed, reached the
camp a week later the condition of the
survivors had passed from bad to
worse.
At first a few of the sufferers had
phere at times made It Impossible to
discern obstacles far ahead; the de
ceptive mirage occasioned many a sore
disappointment by Its phantom hopes
of water and foliage. Without know
ing it they were making directly for
the lake. The salty plain becamo softer
and softer, the water of the river no
longer quenched thirst, and at last the
poor, almost famished animals were un
able to proceed with their loads. This
compelled the party to lie by a day i'ur
rest; but it was not long till grass and
water were found to the north. The
condition of the animals made it im
perative to rest there nearly a week. It
is impossible In a short sketch like this
to relate fully even the most thrilling
incidents and momentous hardships,
much less the Innumerable experiences
of mountain and plain, with Indians
and wild beasts. More than once those
hardy emigrants traveled all day and
all night without water.
After sustaining many delays and en
countering obstacles that tried the
stoutest hearts, they came within sight
of great mountains to the westward.
Then it was quickly decided that the
wagons must be abandoned or the par
ty would be overtaken by the snows be
fore reaching California. None of the
party ever forgot the indescribable dif
ficulties of this undertaking. They were
all inexperienced in the methods of
packing horses, mules and oxen. It
soon became a caravan of loose packs,
frightened horses, kicking mules and
bellowing oxen.
Having oxen instead of horses, young
Bidwell had a harder time than the
others. Not infrequently the oxen
with their packs were left from six to
ten miles behind the party, and would
only reach camp about midnight. On
one occasion the animals failed to come
up, so next morning the owner return
ed In search of them; and, though tray
shrunk from cannibalism, but now Jt
had become universal; the bodies of
those who died were deliberately used
for food, and one human monster was
more than suspected of having mur
dered women and children in order to
gratify his appetite. The relief party
was horror struck at the scene which
met their gaze.
< n:t of the eighty persons who started
with the party nearly one-half, or 86,
perished, and that any survived was
due solely to the heroic exertion of the
Californlans, who spared neither life
nor expense In attempting the rescue.
cling all that day and night and nearly
losing not only the oxen, but his horse
and gun, Bidwell saw nothing of the
party till late on the day following. He
was indignant to learn that they had
not waited for him according to prom
ise.
The party had been warned against
going too far south and thus getting
into a desert country: they could not
then go west; there seemed no alterna
tive — they must turn to the north ana
cross a range of mountains. Would
they ever reach California traveling
northward? The dangerous canyons
leading toward the Columbia were
feared. At length the river was reach
ed which, four years later, Fremont
first saw and named the Humboldt.
Following the Humboldt many daya
they came to the Sink.
Fully one-half the party were now on
foot, the provisions were nearly ex
hausted, and there was almost no
frame. Some food was purchased from
Indians; but when the Americans saw
of what this was made, all relish for it
was gone. The faithful oxen now con
stituted the entire food supply.
Being compelled to drive the packed
oxen, the party made but eighteen or
twenty miles per day. Some were In
favor of leaving the oxen and hasten
ing on to California, where, they were
assured, there was plenty of beef. One
day, after circumstances peculiarly
trying to Bidwell, Captain Bartleson
and seven men, after taking most of
the store of meat, abruptly separated
from the remainder of the party and
Etarted off, the captain calling out to
those left behind to keep up If they
could.
Following their trail for two or three
days, all indications of their course
were lost in the sand, and Bidwell's
party were thrown wholly upon their
own resources. Maintaining a gen
eral westerly course, they crossed the
Caraon River and followed up the Wal
ker River — these were not then named
— to the Sierra Nevada Mountains, not
then knowing their name.
The party was preparing to make the
difficult ascent and had just killed the
EXPRESS TIME PROM NEW YORK TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Fron) 1848 to 1898.
1848: From New York to San Francisco by sailing vessel around the
Horn, from 120 to 233 days.
1849: From New York to San Francisco, steamer to AsplnwaJl, tran
sit across the Isthmus of Darlen and steamer from Panama, 81 to 83
days.
1849: Across the plains by emigrant train from five to seven months.
1554: New York to San Francisco, steamer to Aspinwall, by rail
across the Isthmus and steamer from Panama, 21 to 23 days,
1858: Overland stages by southern route, 21 days.
18S0: Pony express for mall only, postage J5 per half ounce, from
St. Joseph, Mo., to San Francisco, 10 days.
1861: Overland stages via Pony Express route, via Salt Lake, 19 to
20 days.
1569 (June): Central Pacific and Union Paclflc railroads, New York
to San Francisco, 9 days.
1898: By rail. "Overland Limited," from New York to San Fran
cisco, 4H days.
better of the two remaining: oxen, when
who should come up from behind but
the eight men who had left them nine
days before. Captain Bartleson was
a sorry sight as he ate the best sup
per that could be provided. He ex
claimed: "Boys, if I ever get back
to Missouri I will never leave that
country. I would at this moment
gladly eat out of the trough with my
dogs'."
Climbing the mountains with diffi
culty on the north aide of Walker
River, the reunited party at length
came to the summit, then found the
extreme head waters of what proved
to be the Stanislaus. This was fol
lowed for several days. Then the last
ox was killed; then the party killed
whatever they could — even crows and
wildcats— to keep from starving.
They came down into the San Joa
quln Valley; but seeing another range
of mountains far to the west, some
thought it yet 800 miles to California.
How tired, how utterly exhausted they
were on the evening of that day they
entered the valley. And the poor
Jaded horses had nearly perished.
Next morning Bidwell breakfasted
upon the lights and windpipe of a coy
ote that the advance party had killed
and all but devoured. Without delay
the eager emigrants made for north
ern timber, and reached the Stanislaus.
Antelope and deer yi-ere found In
abundance. The starving time was
over. Next day preparations were
made to press on Into California be
fore the winter snows. The chosen
course lay to the north of what proved
to be Mount Diablo; but by means of
an Indian, found on horseback, those
pioneera of pioneers were shortly
brought to Dr. Marsh's ranch, and
there they first learned where they
were.
It was almost exactly six months
since they had set out from Sapling
Grove.
That is the story of how the first
overland train reached California.
ROCKWELL D. HUNT.
University of the Pacific.
BIGGEST GOLD NUGGET EVER
FOUND.
THIS discovery of the first speci
men of gold remarkable for its ex
traordinary size plays a promi
nent part in the early history of
California, The official news of
the discovery of gold in the State was
taken to the government by General E.
F. Beale. He went to "Washington
bearing about $50 worth of gold dust,
but failed to excite the Interest he an
ticipated, and returned disappointed.
During his absence the historical mad
rush to California from the ends of the
earth had begun, and he found San
Francisco In a wild state of excitement.
He arrived late in the summer of IS4S.
About that time a young soldier of
Stevenson's regiment, while ridins
along the Mokelumne River, stopped to
drink from a stream, and discovered a
gold nugget weighing between twenty
and twenty-five pounds. He hastened
to San Francisco and placed his prize
in the hands of Colonel Mason for
safety. The latter sent it by General
Beale to the Eastern States. The ex
hibition of this nugget in New York
Increased the gold fever, and the nation
began to realize the Importance of
newly acquired California.
A mass of gold was exhibited at the
World's Fair, London, which is said to
have been three hundredweight. It is
stated that this specimen was brought
up from a deep mine on the back of a
man. If the English hundredweight
is meant, it would be 336 pounds avoir
dupois, or 4.599.59 ounces troy. It was
brought from Chile.
With the exception of the Chile nug
get, the largest mass of gold on record
was found at Ballarat. Victoria Aus
tralia, in 1559. The mass is known as
the "Sarah Sands." Its weight was
2653 ounces. Of all the great Australian
nuggets, those from Victoria were the
largest and most plentiful.
Another nugget found at Ballarat.
Victoria, Australia, weighed 2217 troy
ounces, or about ISS pounds troy.
The welcome nugget also found at
Bakery Hill, Ballarat. Victoria, in ISSB,
at a depth of 180 feet, weighed 2195
ounces troy. A model of this magnifi
cent specimen may be seen in the State
Museum of California.
The Blanch Barkly nugget, which j
was exhibited at London, weighed 14? }
pounds troy, or 1752- troy ounces. It
was found at Kingowa. Victoria, and
was melted in London in August, ISSB,
yielding gold to the value, of £6903
about $34,525.
The Precious, found at Berlin, Vic
toria, Australia, weighed 1621 troy
ounces.
In July, 1851, a very large nugget was
found in a pile of quart at Meroo
Creek, fifty miles from Bathurst, New
South "Wales. It was in three pieces,
but was considered to be of the same
origin, and is reckoned as one mass.
It was found by a native boy. who saw
the glitter of some exposed portion.
The total weight was 100 pounds' troy,
or 1621 troy ounces.
A mass of gold mixed with quartz
and mundie was found in ISSS at Ban
ondang, near Orange. New South
"Wales. After the quartz and sulphide
of iron were removed by hammering
the gold weighed 120 pounds. Being
melted at the Sydney mint it yielded a
little over 1182 ounces of gold, 874 fine,
and valued at £4389.
The Ural nugget, found in 1842 in the
valley of Taschku Targunka, near
Miask, Russia, is' now preserved in the
Museum of Mining Engineers at St.
Petersburg. Several others were found
near the same locality of less size. It
weighed ninety-six pounds troy, or 1152
troy ounces
The Viscount Canterbury, found at
Berlin, Victoria, Australia, weighed 1105
troy ounces.
In November, IP" *. a mass of gold was
found at Carson Hill. Calaveras County,
•which weighed 196 pounds- troy, or 2°.40
troy ounces, valued at $43,534. This is the
largest piece of gold ever found in tho
State. - ■"" " '-■■ t?
August 13.18C0. a Inrge piece of gold
was taken from the Monumental quartz
mine. Sierra County, which weighed 1596
ounces troy, the value of which was es- <
timated at $30,000. It was placed on ex-
hibition at Woodward's Gardens. -■*
Mr. Strain found a nugget near
Knapn's ranch, a half mile east of Co
lumbia. Tuolurnne County, which
weighed over fifty pounds avoirdupois.
When broken up it yielded gold to the
amount of $8500. — "iT - _ ' •
A nugget was found at Sullivan 3
Creek. Tuolumne County, in the year
1849 which weighed 403 ounces troy; cal
culated value. $7590. .
In IKS. at French Ravine. Sierra Coun
ty, a nugget was found which weighed
632 ounces: value. $10,100. _' ::■'■■<
In ISC7, at Pilot Hill, El Dorado Coun
ty a bowlder of gold quartz was found
which sold for $SOOO.
In ISSI, at French Ravine, Sierra Coun
ty a nugget was found which weighed
532 ounces; value. $10,000.
In the year 1867. at Pilot Hill, El Do
rado County, a bowlder of gold quartz
was found which sold for $SOOO.
Mr. Virgin found a nugget on Gold Hill
. worth $6500.
In 1553 a mass of gold weighing 283
ounces and valued at $52G5 was found at
Columbia, Tuolumne County.
A nugget found at the same place a
few days later was worth $6000.
In ISSO a piece of gold quartz was found
in Sierra County worth $4593.
A Frenchman found a lHiercret near Co
lumbia worth over $5000. The next day
he went- insane and was Bent to Stock
ton. The French Consul recovered the •
money and sent it to his family in
France.
A gold nugget was found near Kelsey
which sold for $4700.
In 1576 J. D. Colgrave of Dutch Flat
found a white quartz bowlder containing
over $5760 gold, m •
A nugget said to have been pure gold
was taken from the American Paver and
was sold for $4204.
x At Smith Flat, Sierra County, in 1564,
a 140-ounce nugget was found, worth
$2716.
One found in El Dorado County worth
' 13500 is now in a museum in France.
Queen Margherita of Italy is not only)'
one of the most accomplished women that
has ever graced, a European, throne, but
she is likewise winning for herself tho
good will of the scientific world by hav
ing constructed at her own expense a
splendidly equipped observatory on the
! summit of Mount Rosa, 15,000 feet above
the level of. the sea.Flying Overland Behind Six Horses
Tj/iq Stage Coach Tjravelod Jibout 710 77Jiles in 24 jfcours — XJhe
Pony Express 97fade J%6out 250 7/files in the Same
TJime Xjhe Overland Sxpress C rams jiverage
Jibout 600 TTfiles a "Day.
IN the days of '49 It took an emi
grant train from five to seven
mcmths to cross the plains. Nine
years later the overland stages by
the southern ro-ute made the Jour
ney In twenty-one days.
In 1561 overland stages by way of Salt
Lake covered the distance In nineteen
to twenty days, and in June of '69
travel by this method gave place to
Bteam. The good old days of overland
staging are now only a memory, but
that memory is exceedingly vivid with
those who crossed the plains behind
horses or mules, not knowing what
their adventures might be en route.
Hundreds of mules and horses, men
and coaches were required to carry on
this vast overland traffic, which stead
ily increased each year. One man con
trolled the western half of the business
and he is known throughout the coun
try as the pioneer holder of reins — Ben
Holladay.
By stage coach from St. Joseph, Mo.,
to Sacramento, Cal., was nearly 1900
miles. The trip could be made In fif
teen days, but the specific time in mall
contracts was nineteen days, in order
to make allowance for winter storms,
snow blockades ar.d other causes of
delay. The strictest discipline and an
excellent system prevailed with the
management of the company.
Over each 250 miles of road was
placed an agent or superintendent, who
had absolute authority, the distance
under his jurisdiction being called a
division. His duty was to buy horses,
mules and harness and feed man and
beast. Supplies he distributed among
his stage stations according to his esti
mate of what was required. He dug
wells at will and erected station build
ings at fancy. Hostlers, drivers, black-
Emlthe and station-keepers were hired
end discharged by him. In short, he
was a genuine despot, before whom the
stage driver, important though he
might elsewhere be, quailed In humble
deference. There were about eight of
these grand moguls on the old overland
route.
Next in rank to this great and gl'Ti
ous king of the plains was the conduc-
"GOING DOWN GRADE IS WHERE WE USED TO MAKE UP TIME ON THE OLD OVERLAND
STAGE ROUTE."
tor, his beat being also two hundred
and fifty miles. He rode night .-md day
seated by the driver, snatching what
rest and sleep he might on that lofty,
flying perch. He had entire charge of
the mails, passengers, stage coach and
express matter until he delivered them
over to the next conductor, taking his
receipt therefor. While the conductor
was not invariably a gentleman, he
was a man of Intelligence, executive
ability and firmness, paying the closest
attention to his duties. As for cour
age, he was a veritable bulldog for
tenacity and determination, and lack
ing these qualifications he could not
have kept order nor protected human
life. There being a dally stage each
way, and a conductor on every stage,
sixteen or eighteen such officials were
constantly employed.
Then In importance came the driver,
his beat being long and sleeping time
at stations short, his days and nights
full of hard and wearing work. These
drivers traveled back and forth each
day over the same section of road, in
order to become thoroughly familiar
with each foot of the way. As the
watch changed the new driver was
equivalent to a new chapter in a book,
each having his peculiarities, his own
THE SAX FHAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAKUABY 23, 1898.
fund of stories and good or ill humor,
ata his disposition might be.
Unlucky indeed was the driver whose
fellow worker at either end of the road
got sick, for the coach had to go on,
and instead of climbing down for a
good re»t aft>>r a rough Journey he
would have to go ahead, perhaps in
wind, rain and darkness, doing the
sick man's w* rk. It was not an un
common sight to see a driver sound
asleep on the box, the mules traveling
along at breakneck speed. The con
ductor, however, never reprimanded
him, for none knew better than he that
it was beyond the endurance of any
man to keep awake and double on his
track of seventy-five miles — one hun
dred and fifty miles— with six fractious
mules to hold in check.
Here is how Mark Twain describes
his trip across the desert in a stage in
the early sixties: The mules, under
violent swearing, coaxing and whip
cracking, would make at stated Inter
vals a spurt, and dragged the cdach a
hundred or maybe 200 yards, stirring
up a billowy cloud of dust that rolled
back, enveloping the vehicle with dust
to the wheel tops or higher, and mak
ing it seem alioat in the fog. Then a
rest followed, with th<> usual sneezing
and bit champing. Then another spurt
of a hundred yards an<l another rest at
the end of It. All <luy long we kept
this up without water for the mules
and without changing the team; at
least we kept it up for ten hours,
which I take it as a day, and a pretty
honest one, in ar. alkali deaert. It was
from 4 in the morning until 2 In the
a ft -moon. And it was so hot and bo
close and our water canteens went dry
in the middle of the day, and wa got
bo thirsty. It was so stupid and tire
some and dull. And the tedious hours
did lag and drag and limp along with
such a cruel deliberation. It was so
trying to give one's watch a good long
undisturbed spell and then take it out
and find that It had been fooling away
the time and not trying to get ahead of
me.
The alkali dust cut through our lips,
persecuted our eyes, it ate through the
delicate membranes and made our
noses bleed and kept them bleeding —
and truly and seriously the romance all
faded far away and disappeared, and
left the desert trip nothing but a harsh
reality— a thirsty, sweltering, longing,
hateful, reality. .' o .'.-?>■: .
Two miles and a quarter an hour for
ten hours — that was what we accom
plished. It was hard to bring the
comprehension away down to such a
snail's pace as that when we had been
used to making eight and ten miles an
hour. When we reached the station
on the farther verge of the desert, we
•were glad for. the first time that the
dictionary was along, because we never
could have found language to tell how
glad we were, in any sort of diction
ary but an unabridged one with pic
tures in it. But there could not have
been found in a. whole library of dic
tionaries language sufficient to tell
how tired those mules were after their
three-mile pull. To try to give
the reader an idea how thirsty they
were would be to gild refined gold or
paint the Illy.
A queer frontier town was Overland
City, 470 miles from St. Joseph, where
the stage was exchanged for . a "mud
wagon." in, which to cross the Platte,
a dangerous stream with quicksands
liable to ; swallow horses, coach, and
passengers at one mouthful., The mails,
however, had to go. though the wheels
often sank to the hub in transit.. Break
downs frequently delayed travel for
several hours, during* one could
hunt buffalo if so disposed. ,
Passing Fort Laramie, the Indian
country and Black Hills were reached,
and here the imagination would read
ily picture a lurking savage behind
every hill. Ambushed Indians often
pent bullets Into the coach, and the pas
sengers for the most part slept at night
with one eye open and arms ready for
instant use. Pressing on to the Rocky
Mountains, South Pass, the extreme
summit with Its splendid outlook, was
attained; then came Salt Lake City
and nearly seventy miles of alkali de
sert. Rocky Canyon and the Great
American — forty miles of bot
tomless sand and a long, thirsty,pull—
and Carson City." From Carson to the
Sierras,.' climbing, the :' Gelger,- . grade,
. skirting, Lake. Tahoe,' thence ; to, Hang
town or Placervllle and Sacramento,
■ and ' the ; great overland . stage Journey
•was at an end.
TJiE PCXNY- EXPRESS
' WEcNTLIRE J{ FLjqSJi
IN a little while all interest was
taken up in stretching our necks
and watching: for the "r<>ny rider"
— the fleet messenger who sped
across the continent from St. Joe to
Sacramento, tarrying letters 1900
miles In eight days! Think of that for
perishable horse and human flesh and
blood to do!
The pony rider was usually a little
bit of a man, brimful of spirit and en
durance. No matter what time of the
day or night his watch came on and
no matter whether it was winter or
summer, raining, snowing, hailing, or
sleeting, or whether his "beat" was a
level straight road or a crazy trail over
mountain crags and precipices, or
whether It led through peaceful re
gions, or regions that swarmed with
hostile Imflans, he must be always
ready to leap into the saddle and be off
like the wind. There was no idling
time for a pony rider on duty. He rode
fifty miles without stopping, by day
light, moonlight, starlight or through
the blackness of darkness — as it
happened. He rode a splendid horse
that was born for a racer and fed and
lodged like a gentleman; kept him at
his utmost speed for ten miles and then,
as he came crashing up to the station
where stood two men holding fast a
fresh, impatient steed, the transfer of
rider and mailbag was made in the
twinkling of an eye, and away flew the
eager pair and were • out of sight be
fore the spectator could get hardly the
ghost of a look.
The stage coach traveled about one
hundred to one hundred and twenty
five miles a day (twenty- four hours),
the pony rider about two hundred and
fifty. There were about eighty pony
riders in the saddle all the time night
and day, stretching in a long scatter
ing, procession from -Missouri to Cali
fornia, forty flying eastward and forty
toward the west, and among them,
making four hundred gallant horses
earn a stirring livelihood 7 and see a
deal of scenery every single day in the
year. We have had a consuming de
sire, from the beginning, to see a pony
rider, but, somehow or other, all that
passed us and all that met us managed
to streak by. in the night, and so we
heard only a whizz and a hall, and the
swift phantom of the desert was gone
before we could get our heads out of
the windows. But now we were expect
ing one along every moment, and would
see him in broad daylight. Presently
the driver exclaims:
"Here he comes!"
Every neck is stretched further and
every eye is strained wider. Away
across the endless dead level of the
prairie a black speck appears against
the sky and it-Is plain that it moves.
Well, I should' think so! i In a second
or two it becomes a horse ; and rider
rising and falling, rising and falling
sweeping toward us nearer; and nearer
— growing- more and more' distinct,
more and more sharply — nearer
and still nearer, and the flutter of the
hoofs comes faintly 'to the ear— another
instant a whoop and hurrah from our
upper deck, a wave of the rider's
hand, but no reply, and a man : and
horse burst past our excited 1 faces, and
go' winging away like a belated frag
ment of a storm!
5 So sudden It is all Rrd so like a flash
of unreal fancy that but for the flake
of white foam left quivering and per
ishing on a mall sack after the ' vision
had flashed by and : disappeared, we
might have doubted whether -we had ■
seen any actual horse and" man at all,
may be.— From Mark Twain's "Rough
ing It." ' . - . . .* .
7HOW "GIANTS" WASH DOWN THE SIDES OF MONTAINS AND SLUICE OUT THE GOLD
Y"i]K method of wording gold from rock and
I gravel i- the same in all the hydraulic mines in
I California. By a heavy stream of water thrown
I upon tin- banks from the nozzle, callc! a "mon
*** itor," or "giant," the gravel is broken up and
tvashed down into the heads of the sluices; I>> which
it is conveyed to the different places where the
IS collected
» These monitor- are cumbersome I but SO M
tanged as to be easily directed by one nan. and are
capable of throwing a stream of water from eight ;■•
ten inches in diameter. In many cases the water i
conveyed nearly a hundred miles in Hume- before it
Is used to work out the precious metal.
The collecting and storing of water for this purpo c
: "c of the greatest problems encountered by the
GROWTH OF HYDRAULIC
MINING IN THIS STATE.
BY. E. SALAD! N,
Manager of the French Hydraulic Mining Company.
APTEft the discovery of K<>ld in
California, in 1848, the number
less mining population, which
soon covered all ihe strean
California and Oregon, was
mostly dcvuti :i to individual mining.
The pick, Bhovel and sunn- light wash
lag tools, easy i> pack along the rouph
trail? of the early days diggings, were
forming the modest outfit of those
pectors.
They first invaded the richest and
shallowest placers, and their large
crowd estimati d at more than I
men, in S had very
soon exhausts the surface dippings.
The mineri .1 to turn their ef
forts on the poorer and more extensive
l>eds of auriferous gravel deposited in
the ancient and Inferior channels <>f
the rivers — deposits on which the in
dividual laborer had a small chance of
success and which required the union
of a certain number of men.
tip to that period the prehistoric
methods of working gold - bearing
ground were the only ones known. Ttv
Caiifornia miner could be seen at that
time using the ground sluicing about
ki the same way as did
of the time of King Solomon, who
■washed out the high placet tnlm
the southern coast Oi Spain. They di
verted the water From ir.u moui
creek-?, accumulating it sometimes in
a reservoir, and mining with a bi.^
head of water the rich bed of some
gulch, into which they also wheeled or
shoveled whatever concentrate •
was encountered on the rims.
The inconvenience ol that lon^
costly method brought to light in the
ingenious and Inventive mind of the
California miners two Ideas which revo
lutionised tii" gold mining pro
The sluice appeared Brst a wooden
canal, paved with rocks, blocks or rif
fles, which, taking the place of the ir
regular bed of the ground cut, alloweci
them to save quicker and more com
pletely the gold of the gravel. But it
was yet necessary, to bring the gravel
to the sluice, by the tedious means of
the shovel or wheelbarrow. At this
juncture (1852) in the quick develop
ment of mining E. JVlaUhison of ruu
hydraulic miner, and" million- of dollars have been in
; in the work. In the hr-t place it is necessary
urc tin- water ri.Lcht. This i- often a difficult
matter, as there arc <!■.. -'^ns;, to In- consid
ered before a -po; can Ik- selected Tin- first consider
ation is tint the water supply In- higher than the place
it i- to be used so :i- to give the required pr<
necessary to move the heavy sand and gravel of the
river bed. The supply must also be permanent. The
next problem is to get the water to ;' This
often necessitate- the build'- flumes, tunnels,
bridges, dams, pumping plant-, roads, and eve::
cities. There are instance- on record in California
.■.here water has been carried miles and miles in
flumes into a reservoir and then pumped into the
- that carried it to the monitors. This v .a- of
course due to the peculiar formation of the land at the
necticut had the great idea or sweep
ing the gravel into the sluice by means
of a jet of water under pressure.
August 7, Bowie, in his "Practical
Treatise on Hydraulic Mining," de
scribes the original process accurately:
"For this purpose water was conveyed
to the claim In rawhide hose and dis
charged through a wooden nozzle
against a • bank. Torn by the water'
the earth was carried into the sluices
and shoveling was thus avoided. A
large saving In the cost of mining was
effected, a greater amount of material
being washed in a shorter time. This
was the first step in hydraulic mining.
• It is this remarkable invention which
rapidly improved and brought to its
present state of perfection, put . the
California miner in position to work
economically the immense deposits
of auriferous gravel which have been
since fifty years one of the greatest
sources of prosperity in the Golden
State.
It is a wonderful tool for recovering
gold, put to-day In the hands of the
hydraulic miner by the genius, indus
try and practicalness of the present
generation of miners. We are in
debted to the geniuses for that power
ful "Giant," manageable as a well
trained horse,' obeying to the lightest
pressure of the hand, brings to the ex
act spot where U is wanted the tre
mendous power of the whole immense
hydraulic fall scientifically managed to
feed it.
The improvement brought by this
single tool is easUj | by com
paring the old work, \, here one miner
shoveling only fifteen to twenty
cubic yards per twelve hours in liis
I Blui< .-. With the new hydraulic
machinery one man working a giani
discharging lfiOO miners' inches of
water, can wish 2000 cubic yards or
more- in the same time. Such a gimt.
working under an effective pressure of
300 feet, distributes a force of jrvoo
horsepower. One understands
easily that when a miner turns
that 1000 horsepower broom against a
bank of gravel it rips, tears and easily
sweeps the gold bearins dirt smoothly
to the sluice, where the gold is left.
The management of such a machine
B an experience and a skill that
cuu. be credited without contest to the
Tin: SAX FKAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXIAEY 23, 1398
California miner. Water is Brat di
verted at -,i sufficient altitude from
< reeka able to furnish an abundant
supply during the rainy Reason. Some
times the water is accumulated In
enormous Quantities In storage reser
voirs. Such reservoirs in California
In LBB4 were able to store 6,500,000,000
cubic f--»'t of water-.
Prom these reservolra the water
plows through ditches or flumes dug or
hanging to the planka of precipitous
ravines; thence it t fob bob deep valleys
by means of Inverted syphons made of
aheet Iron, which have made California
famous throughout the world; thence it
comes '>n t"]> of the mine, where it
empties iii a reservoir or into the head
box of the working pipes. Some of the
most noted of these powerful hydraulic
systems are the North Bloomfield Com
pany, 56 miles loiijr. carrying 3200
miners' indies ;it a cost of 1466,707;
Milton, r,:\ miles, 3000 miners' inches ;:t
I of $462. w5 ; s..iuh Tuba Canal
Company. L 23 mil. s at a coal of 11,100,
000; spring Valley and Cherokei
miles, or 2000 miners' Inches, at a cost
i.f |500,000. Among the most raceni Is
the water system «.; the La Orange
Hydraulic <e>id Mining Company, near
WeavervHle, Trinity County, which in
cludes fourteen and a half miles of«
ditch with two invert* >l syphons, one
tunnel of about M>>" feet, an Inverted
syphon one mile in length, 1080 feet de
pression, :w Inches in diameter ami 12
miles "f Hume, to the h'-ad of the <ys
tem, carrying MOO Inches of
Hi- \< .-ile:- ■ , ;, hi
PVancaise <ies Placers Hydrauliques
de Junction City, Trinity County,
with ten miies .f ditch, one in
2200 feet long, ■_•!•)
lepression. .'54 inches in diam
. : syphon ::•;'"> feet
nig- Trinity river on a suspension
bridge. :56 inches in diameter, carrying
aches of water.
It is easier t<> umi« rstand the magni
tude of such works when it is bon-
Bidered that they hav< in must in
stances been constructed far from any
railroads: that the lumber ncu fHltljl
for the flumes had t>> be cut OO the
mountains where the works were pro
gressing, and long roads had to be
built for the transportation <.f the hun
dreds "f tuns cf pipe required by the
siphons.
After having run through the "giant"
and having disintegrated the gravel,
the water carries that grave! into the
sluices where the gold is saved between
the pieces of the pavement. Finally
the water carries the tailings to the
dump, when cumulates in
qunnt i:
Such, in a -ids, are the main
reservoir that made it cheaper to equip ami maintain
a pump than to cut the hill or carry the water to
another point.
Generally Bpeaking, though, the work of starting
a hydraulic mine consists -imply in building a dun
aero--, a river to a ] the mine is to
be and conducting tin- water to the monitors in
flumes. The cost i- Dot excessive in the av<
and the ruin^ i. of the hydraulic systems
are to be Found in :ill parts of the State, having been
abandoned after the mines were worked out.
It i- during the v n that most of the work
i- done in the hydraulic mine, because it i- generally
the season when there i- an ample supply of water.
Fires are kept up. and cans of hot water arc constantly
near at hand, where the woolen mittens worn by the
V'per are taken about every five minutes and thawed
operations of hydraulic mining. But,
in order to understand the economy
and the high practical character of
that method, it is necessary to have
seen it put into practice in the various
conditions presented by the picturesque
mountains of California. From the
small mine, retired in the deep forest,
where two partners work with a 7-inch
pipe and a small stream of water, to ,
the big works ranging five or six big *
giants against gravel banks 200 to COO
feel high, . developing their pipes,
sluices, ground cuts on a half-mile
working front, with their imposing ma
terial of derricks, wire ropes, electric
plants and telephones, one finds always
the same peculiar character to the
works. You get the sensation of a tre
mendous amount of work being done
with little or no labor. The immense
pits look like deserts. And when, dur-
Ing the night, under the quiet illumina
tion of the arc lights, you see the tre
mendous streams of water thrown in
long parabolic curves, v imbroiling in a
thundering war gravel and bowlders,
and ramming the mountain that melts
before them into caves, you cannot help
feeling an overpowering emotion. It
seems that for a time some . Satanic -
force Is at work destroying the earth,
that the work is more than human.
But, after all. it is simply the focused
'■■rain efforts of those persevering, in
domitable pioneers who fifty years ago
opened the mountains of California to
civilization and industry.
The perfect adaptation of hydraulic
mining to the special conditions of
placers in California has produced
enormous financial results. They would
be yet more valuable had not hydraulic
mining been partially .stopped by the
anti-debris law.
Most of the gold production of gravel
deposits, figuring from official sta
tistics, is due to hydraulic mining. The
field open to hydraulic mining in Cali
fornia is very far from, being ex
hausted. In the northern part of the
State there are a great many valuable
deposits not subject to the anti-debris
law. Those fields were neglected in the
early mining days. Some of them are
still difficult of access. Those fields
are only waiting for the opening of the
country to be put in competition with
the famous old mines of the, Sierra Ne
vadas. As for the old and well-known
mines temporarily stopped by the anti
debris law. it would probably be un
safe to say that they will never be
opened again. In the same way ♦hot
the hydraulic method opened : a 'Prac
tically unlimited field years at ~
will the improvements' in the <-v
munications, in the mining matei
out. Usually a pair arc kept soaking in hot water
constantly and changed as often as they become stiff
with ice.
The above picture gives you a good idea
"giant" and the terrific stream tint it throws. This
i- tlie largest giant made. The inlet is eighteen inches
and the outlet, or nozzle, nine inches in diameter.
They are eacli throwing iJ.ooo gallons, or about fifty
of water every minute against the bank. The
velocity of the. water as it leaves the nozzle is about
lro feet per second, a speed equal to two miles per
minute.
There is no power of its kind on earth to equal it.
and the fascination of standing at the lever of this
machine, keeping it under perfect control, mowing
down the gravel batiks as a reaper mows the grain.
rolling over big bowlders as easily ;;s though they
and in the working methods bring
about ways of working these old mines
that will satisfy the law and be an
other gnat boon to the growing
Qolden State !•:. SALAPIN.
KLONDIKE NECESSITIES.
I am amased at the popular igno
rance concerning a proper outfit for
the Klondike. ! h;i\e before me sev
eral newspaper lists <>f articles necea
sarj for the outfit. The longest only
contains three hundred and forty-sev
en Items. How ridiculously Inadequate.
Now, l Batter myself that l know
Something about the matter. I have
1" n hunting for gold all my life, al
though I have seldom obtained any
thing better than silver and dirty
bank bilis. Moreover, l was a miner
for a number of years. I can mention
a number of things that should be
added to these lists, and which an- just
as useful as half the articles now on
them.
In the first place, take along your
full-dress suit. Gold hunting is adven
ture pure and simple, and almost
every adventurer I have seen wears a
full-dress suit. In fact, often he pos
sesses no other. Cigarettes should be
added to go with the dress suit; also
patent leathers and monocle. The lat
ter is also useful while actually look
ing for gold.
None of the lists mention whisky.
Take lots of it. It is weary work wait
ing for the gold to turn up, and you
want to pass away the time as happily
as possible. There is no danger attend
ing its use, for as soon as you find gold
you can take s the gold cure.
Take along at least twenty pounds of
axle grease to rub on the runners of
your sled. It will make the sled slip
over the snow easily. Moreover, you
can eat it if your, grub runs short.
Every list i have seen contains a
cooking-stove. Remember that you
cannot cook over a camp fire. For the
same reason you should take along a
large base-burner heating-stove -A'
camp fire wouldn't keep you \> inn.
Don't forget your silk hat.
Take alon* plenty of starch for your
linen. In the days of the argonauts
men suffer*" 7 keenly because of a lack
of clear- inK .naterial. One of the sad
dest r £■* ji the old days, at which
even 4V£» w^ ed to weep, .began as fol
low** '■
* '-rf-by, old .standing; collar.
" Uh all your pride and starch.
* ?. worn y.-ii fata September
ill! the seventeenth of March.
'■ •. don't forget t.. takp along a
Back <-if Hour and a few pi-uiui.s
- uacuu.— The Yellow Book.
were feathers that a child could blow across the floor,
is simply indescribable.
The stream is so rigid as it leaves the nozzle that a
knife-blade cannot be pressed into it any more than
if it were a marble slab.
To give a practical illustration of its mighty force
it would be no exaggeration to state that with this
machine, equipped as we sec it here -and under sim
ilar pressure, stationed at the entrance of the Crocker
building in this city, the Masonic Temple could |>c
demolished in less than half a day.
There is no more beautiful sight in the world than
half a dozen monitors at work in the early morning.
The soft rays of the sun catch the myriad drops of
water and turn each into a flashing gem; rainbows
hang over each stream and throw off a thousand
tints.
AMONG THE WOMEN
MINERS OF RANDSBURG
I WENT to Randsburg the other
'lay to see if there were not women
miners there, and the first one I
met was Mrs. Furgerson. She is a
Kentucky woman. ' who, although
she was hut a girl then, made things
BO extremely lively in her vicin
ity during the v. ar that it was neces
sary not only to imprison but to
Shackle her for sis months. In addi
tion to being actually destitute when
released, she was so crippled that she
could not walk for months; but J don't
think she blames the North for it, for
she admits that nothing short of that
could have kept her in the prison. She
has lived in Los Angeles for thirty-two
years, and is a brilliant example of
what a woman whf has had no train
ing may accomplish in business if she
only have intelligence and confidence.
She said: "I really understand more
about water systems and real estate
transactions than mining, but I have
become interested in these mines here
and am convinced of their value, and I
believe Randsburg will be a most im
portant mining center as soon as we
can get a good flow of water into the
town, so I have left my other interests
in competent hands and am devoting
all my time to this place. I have a
mine of my own and an interest in
serera] others about nine miles from
here. The ore is mostly silver and
lead, and we are tunneling for it. I
would have been back earlier, . but I
thought the boys would like a batch
4ht bread, and I stopped to make
it. I have located a new mine at Pa
hute Rock, and am putting up a mill
to crush my own ore and thus save
the expense of hauling to the mill that
1 have to do here."
Mrs. Sophie W. Knight, who is well
known all over the country as a Chnu
tauqua lecturer on cooking and its in
troduction into the public schools, is
living in Randsburg and is part owner
in a number of mines. The balance of
the company are in San Francisco,
and she manages all their affairs in
Randsburg. She said. laughingly :
"I'm very busily engaged in mining,
but I'm not the sort of 'material' you
want at all. I'll take you to s-e Mrs.
Sutherland and Mrs. Garrison, who i i
the work themselves." Mrs. Gfau
had located a new claim, and wa
lant over the prospect. She was dressed
in- a short skirt and waist of wool,
thick shoes and leggins and a cap, ali
showing signs of heavy wear, and her
face was much tanned by exposure.
"Indeed, my clothes have had hard
usage," she said, 'and a number of
suits before this. I was a student of
geology and wildly interested in min
erals in my school days: but I mar
ried, and my duty to my family came
first. I had to wait until my four
children were grown and married be
fore 1 had a chance to go on with this
Work. For the last few years I have
given all my time to it, and I hope
never to live in a city again.
"I am completely happy* in this life;
the mountains are my friends. When
I die I want to be buried in them, and
until then I will live among them. 1
learned the business by taking an old
prospector out with me and making
him explain over and over again every
foot of ground we covered. Then I be
gan to experiment myself, and I have
had splendid success. I located alone
fourteen mines in Inyo County, all of
which turned out well. I lived five
months in the canyons where those
mines are, with one of my little grand
sons for company.
•How do 1 prospect? Well, I take
my miners pick, the long handle serv
ing for a cane, and travel over the hills
until I find a place that I like the looks
of. I pile up the rocks for my monu
ment, put in a piece of paper describ
ing my claim, return to town and have
the duplicate recorded and 'horn out'
specimens I've brought in. If they
show -color' I load my dry washer on
to my burro and lead him to the claim
and while my partner throws the dirt
on I turn the crank to shake the
screen. After about a dozen or fifteen
shovelfuls have gone through we take
out the riffleboard and blow the dust
out of the riffles. What gold there is
catches in the riffles and we gather it
up, and then she turns the crank while
I shovel. Some dirt is so rich it pays
to work it over three or four times but
as a rule twice is enough. My claims
here are so dry that I don't need to
work with the pick at all. We can lift
it all out with the shovel. It's simply
fascinating work. You're never happy
at anything else after you really get
into it. I'm going to try this' new
washer now."
ADELINE BUMNER.Till: SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SINDAY, JAM WRY 2:;. IS9B.
910
Of 1 ' all the wonderful leais ot mining engineer
ing that have been accomplished in California
that of the. turning of the Feather River from
its course is certainly entitled to the first place.
In fact, it is entitled % to being considered as
one of the greatest feats of engineering in the his
tory of the world. In mining engineering it cannot
b<. paralleled.
It is almost impossible to give an adequate idea of
this stupendous work.
GREAT PROSPECTS
IN
MINING
By JACOB NEFF
President Miners' flssociatlon
W T the present time the outlook
l\ f<>r the mining industry in Cali
f 1 fornia is brighter and more en-
V couraging than it has been in
twenty years past. Miners and
capitalists have every reason for look
ing hopefully toward the future. I be
lieve that future to be exceptionally
rich in fulfillment.
In my opinion the mining industry in
this State, now revived with r> n<
vigor, will bo the occasion of a jubilee
fifty years hence even more pro
nounced in enthusiasm and general in
terest than the one we are now cele
brating.
We who are familiar with the re
sources of California as a mining center
know what a marvelous country is ours
on this western shore. But this knowl
edge should be disseminated: should be
repeated until the whole world realizes
the fact that in California exist oppor
tunities incalculable for successful
mining of that glittering treasure, gold.
How snail we spread the fame of our
State? By judicious advertising: by
GOLD BEDS OF fINCIENT CALIFORNIA RIVERS ON MOUNTAIN TOPS.
TFHIS sketch shows the elevated position of this ancient river system, wH'.i respect to the modern drainage system
(Nortb Fork of American riven and the MS level. Some pavd deposits of this daSS OCCUpy altitudes even higher
than the Canada Hill system. This deposit lias been drifted at several points, and also hydraulicked where the vol
canic capping bad been denuded. "B" represents an isolated bench of gravel about one-haif mile Ion*; and BM feet
wide. The grad« of this channel is very steep, being about 6 feet per V*i feet. Channel is about 300 feet wide at
gravel line.
There are several "theories" as to the genesis of these "ancient gold bearing rivers." Ttvr- is the ma
pine "theory," *Ueh referred the formation of the rich gravel deposits to the action of the sea. This th.
pr- has many adnerttita. Eminent authorities believe that the absence of marine fossils on the one hand
.tiitf the Dresence of the remain- o. terrestrial life positively refute this theory. The "blue lead" theory supposed the ex
istence of a. ancient rive:- (towing from the norther.st to the southwest and having a general course parallel with the
$ierra Nevada Mountains. The theory derived its name from the bluish color of the gravel filling the channel. The "flu
viatlle" theory, in is essence, ascribes the origin of the rich gravel accumulations to the depositions of ancient rivers with
courses similar to toe ps£j»»nt rivers. The character of the deposits shows that there.has been an intermittent action. I'.ut
while there is tiiis '-naniiAtv of opinion as to the origin of the gravel 'accumulations, there still exists a difference of
opinion regmrding rhe MPlogjtcal uyt of the deposits. Kt-raains of 'mastodons have* been luund in the goid gravel beds up
turned by. the miners.
Biggest
Mining Feat
TUNING THE COURSE
OF A BIG RIVER
The Feather River bottom has always been one of
the most productive placer mining locaJities in <'a!i
fornia. Some rears ago, after certain parts of the
river land had been worked it was ascertained, by
assaying: the mud at the bottom, that a certain
Btretcb was exceedingly rich in the precious metals.
But it s<> happened that at this point the water was
deep and swift running, so that mining by dredg
ing was out of the question, it was also doubtful
whether this process would have been satisfactory
THE GOLDEN GROUND OF CALIFORNIA AND
giving genersJ publicity to mining con
ditions, and an invitation to the rest
of the world to come and see for them-
B what exists h
For the capitalist on the lookout for
.■safe and profitable Investment no coun
try in the world can offer such lndu< ••
znents as California. The road to wealth
Is made very easy by climatic con
ditions that for comfort cannot be sur
passed. All this should be made known
throughout our country and abroad,
but in distributing such Information it
is of vita! Importance that the truth
should be strictly adhere.) to. No pos
sible good can result from exaggerated
r<;n.its concerning our mining indus
tries. The actual Fax ts arc rosy enough
and need no embellishment. Prevari
cation and misrepresentation do much
harm and defeat their o%vn object.
In my judgni'-nt the wisest course for
miners to pursue is to avoid being mis
led by middlemen. I am not much in
favor of the middleman, and regard his
presence in mining deals as a detri
ment to the industry. He places a fancy
price upon property and reaps the
benefit himself.
A healthful indication is the reopen
ing and profitable working of mines
once abandoned and now taking on a
new lease of life. Mines formerly be
lieved to be exhausted are daily prov
ing the falsity of the impression by
turning out gold as plentifully as ever.
I believe that in the half-century ret
to come our mines will yield ;,s much
as they have in the five decades just
passed. It is true that very different
conditions prevail. In early days
"grass-root" mining was sufficient to
repay the miner. Now the earth must
TILE SAN FRANCISCO C — _, : , DAT, .-A^U-.^l 20, 11.
be probed deeper. Difficulties att< nd
the miner that were unknown In the
first few years of our gold history.
Where once a man had merely to sti ke
out his claim and work it by primitiv
methods on the surface, money, ma
chinery and scientific methods, con-
I by intricate laws, are now
necessary. But 'his need not discour
age the prospector, [ndeed, it' be has
the true mining spirit nothing will dis
courage him.
There are vast fortunes waiting to be
taken out of California soil. As .
field it is extremely rich, from Mari
posa to" Siskiyou. Leading counties in
which prospecting is extremely good
are Tuolumne, Calaveras, Ml Dorado,
ftfariposa, Amador, Sisklyou, Placer.
N.vada. Sierra, l'lumas and Butle.
In the way <>f advertising I am h'-ar
tily in sympathy with the Golden Ju
bilee celebration, it will probably be
the direct means of attracting a large
amount of needed capital here. We
expect an Influx of Kastern people of
Intelligence and means, who will re
ceive an important object lesson while
among us.
The mines are here. What we need
is the capital with which to develop
them. JA*'OB NHKF.
President Miners' Association.
First min^r — Your baby doesn't seem
to have half the life he had before you
brought him to the Klondike.
Second ditto — No. the poor little fel
low is heart-broken. You see, be tried
to keep us awake all night the same as
he used to down South, and when be
discovered what a contract he had in a
three weeks' night he simply collapsed.
owing to its imperfect working.
When every detail had been considered by some
of th^ most eminent engineers In the country it was
agreed that the most feasible way of getting at the
g ild in the bott >na of the Feath< r River it this point
was by turning the river Into another course and
_ ild-bearing stretch in a condition
to be worked by hydraulicking.
A vast amount of pr liminary work was required
to insure the work to be carried on, comprising the
THE GOLDEN GRAVEL
OF
CALIFORNIA.
BY JOHN HAYS HAMMOND.
Prim- t.. the gold excitement in Cali
fornia and Australia In tn jreara 1848
and 1851, respectively, ti: stixnated
ntltj ••! gold in circulation In the
tn $2,000,000,000 t.» 12,500,
000,000. Si:. •• t !■• • ni of
this golden era it has been computed
that the world's goi<i circulating
<lii:iii ha* t n Increased by the Intro
ductii n • ! about $4,500,000
The great part California has playea
in the addition i" the world's wealth
will l»- recognized when it la said that
fully one-quarter of this increase has
derived (rum th>- gold mines of
that state. Of the entir< gold produc
: California, not less than nine
tentha has been yielded by the "aurif
erous gravels."
Th<- \"- \] yield of the auriferous grav
els of California would be represented
by the value of a cube of pure
having an edge of fourteen feet.
$100,000,000 has been Invested in the
gravel mines of California.
Th<- auriferous gravels may be divid
er! Into '. ■• ■• classes :
First- The shallow or modern placers.
• I t >eep "i" ancient placers.
These terms are Indicative of the
very characteristic difference that ex
ists between the two classes of placers.
The signification of these terms will
be apparent from an explanation <>f the
origin and mode of occurrence <>f the
placers. These placers are superficial
accumulations "t" auriferous alluvions
along the gulches, l>ais, data, etc.. and
are designated bar or flat dig
gings, according to their topographical
position. The deposits along the mod
ern rivers I. ■■;.- i" the shallow placers.
The gold-bearing detritus of which
they consist has been derived from the
ancient \ lacers or the quartz veins; in
some Instances from both sources.
Through the disintegrating and trans
porting power of the mete if agencies,
espei tally "f running water, the ma
terial has been brought from the above
sources. ar.<l redeposited in places of
lower elevatidta, where it was discov
er •! by i lie pioneer miners. Thus th«»
assorting procesi hi ' carried, by
natural agencies, one step farther than
in the rase <■!' the deep or ancient pla
cers, and two steps farther than in the
formation of the gold-bearing quarts
\eins. To this process of the higher
concentration of the gold is due the ex
traordinary richness of the shallow pla
< .is.
Prom the shallow placers, and from
the beds of the modern rivers, came
Dearly ;i!l the sold produced by Cali
fornia up to the year 1554, and Indeed
the larger percentage up to the y-ar
1860. Th- exhaustion of the gold grav
els, callable of brine worked with profit
by such primitive means as were avail
able at that time, led to the abandon
ment of the shallow dippings.
The unworked deposits, also, often
occur below the drainage level.
The pan and cradle, especially the
former, are still used for the purpose
of "prospecting" or testing the gravel,
and for cleaning up the sluices, batter
ies, etc., at all min>s.
River mining by sluices, rockers, etc..
is now almost entirely limited to the
operations of the Chinese, several thou
sands « f whom, scattered over the
Stale, follow the business in a desultory
way. A tew <>f the bars of the present
riven are still bein£ worked by "win^c
dams," by which "a"* periods of low
water the river is «1 lerted to one side
;=■■ as t', leave dry the gravel deposit.
i ,i several localities, Butte and Pla
cer counties principally, plans are be
building of ten miles of substantial roads: the pro
viding of dwellings in three separate camps capable
of accommodating from 150 to 300 men, besides the
necessary workshops; also the building of a canal
alcng the risht bank of the Feather River 40 feet
■wide and 6000 feet long, requiring the excavation of
50.000 cubic yanls. to carry the river when turned out
of it-; natural bed; the construction of a permanent
head dam: the procuring of power, which was ob
tained by repairing the old Miocene ditch, which re
ing carried out to work the beds of
rivers reputed to be rich by construct
ing head dams, by which the water is
diverted int'> large flumes which carry
it below the point at which it is de
signed to extract the graveL This sys
tem Involves considerable expense, and
is usually attended with great uncer
tainty as to the success of the enter
prise.
Dredges are used in a few localities
where gravel occurs below the drain
age level of the locality to elevate the
gravel to ;l point sufficiently high to
obtain the requisite grade for sluicing
and for the dump.
The gold-saving apparatus of the
shallow placer mme — the pan, cradle,
torn, sluice, etc. — are now objects of
hardly more than historical interest.
From their nature, as compared with
the illimitable resources of the deep
placers, the shallow diggings, as a
source of gold, will be but of a tran
sient character. The virtual exhaus
tion of the superficial gravel deposits
gave origin to that "prospecting" for
the source of gold which resulted in the
discovery Of the deep placers and of the
quarts veins.
From these discoveries dates the in
auguration of mining as a scientific and
permanent industry in this State.
The tjuartz bowlders found in gravel
mines often carry considerable gold.
At Polar Star mine, Dutch Flat, a
white quartz bowlder was found which
contained $5760 worth of gold. The gold
has undoubtedly been derived from the
gold-bearing quartz veins so numerous
along the western slope of the Sierras.
By water it has been transported and
deposited along with the detritus in
pre-existing valleys, where now found.
In the quartz veins the gold rarely ex
ists of such large size as often found
in the gravel deposits, and this would
seem to be incompatible with the the
ory of its source as above given.
Formation of Nuggets— To explain
this seeming incongruity several the
ories have been advanced. Professor
Whitney is of the poinion that the gold
veins were richer nearer the surface
in pliocene times than now, and main
tains that gold veins get poorer as
depth is attained. In the judgment of
the writer, who has examined nearly
all th~ mines of this State, there is no
connection between the richness of the
ore and the depth at which found. A
more plausible explanation of the for
mation of the nuggets is. as has been
suggested by Le Conte and other geolo
gists, that their large size is often due
t. a chemical as well as a mechanical
l>henomenon. It seems probable that
the gold has been redissolved and re
precipitated. By oxidation, the iron py
rites has been changed into the sul
phate. Percolating solutions of the sul
phate of iron dissolve the gold with
which it corr.es in contact, and coming
in contact later with organic and other
reducing agencies, the sulphate of iron
is changed by them to the sulphuret.
depositing the gold as this change takes
place. By the deposition* of gold in
some such manner, from solutions con
stantly in the same place, nuggets are
formed.
The aggregate length of the ancient
channels has been estimated at 400
miles. This does not include the so
called cement channels, which are but
"f subordinate economic importance.
The yield per mile of channels of the
average character is. at a low estimate,
from $2,000,000 to $3,0W.0ft0. Good chan
nels for drifting yield from $100 to $500
per linoal foot of the stratum extract
ed. From one-fifth to one-half of the
gold in the channels usually may be ob
tained from drifting, where the bed
rock gravel is accessible; the lowest
stratum of gravel, four to eight feet in
depth, carries this portion of the ag
gregate gold contents of the channel.
Hundreds of millions have been
taken out of the gold deposits of Cali
fornia but her treasures of gold have
hardly been touched.
quired five miles of iron piping; also the erection ot
an electric plant, to enable the work to be carried or
by night as well as by day, and the connection of all
the different points and the ditch stations with the
head offices by telephone, requiring over forty miles
of telephone wire.
In the construction of the canal, a cemented rock
wall was carried along the entire distance next the
river, of a width of four feet on tc-p and twelve feet
on the bottom, reaching in places a height of over
DESERT MINING
IN
CALIFORNIA.
By H. Z. OSBORNE.
GOLD was known to exist in
Southern California, and was
mined in a small way, long be
fore Marshall's discovery at Co
lam* in January, IS4B. One Francisco
Lopez, a native Californian, discov
ered gold in Francisyuita Canyon, less
than thirty five miles from Los Angeles,
in 1542. This discovery was within the
boundary of the Camulos rancho, the
homestead of the Del Valle family, la
ter made famous as the scene of Helen
Hunt Jackson's story, "Ramona." The
THE FIRST OFFICIAL REPORT OF THE
Made by COLONEL R. B. MfISON, U. S. fl., t:
Headquarters
Tenth Military Department,
Monterey, CaL, Aug. 17, 1848.
General li. Jones, Adjutant-General,
U. S. A., Washington. D. C— Sir: I
have the honor to inform you that, ac
companied by Lieutenant W. T. Sher
man, Third Artillery, acting assistant
adjutant-general. I started on the 12th
of June last to make a tour through
the northern part of California. My
principal purpose was to visit the new
ly discovered gold placer in the valley
of the Sacramento.
We reached San Francisco on the
20th, and found that all, or nearly all,
its male population had gone to the
mines. The town, which a few months
before was so busy and thriving, was
then almost deserted. On the evening
of the 24th the horses of the escort
were crossed to Sausalito in a launch,
and on the following day we resumed
th.> journey, by way of Bodega and
Sonoma, to Sutter's Fort, where w<>
arrived on the morning of July 2.
Along the whole route mills were 'lying
idle, fields of wheat were open to cattle
and horses, houses vacant and farms
going to waste. At Sutter's there was
more life ami business. Launches were
discharging their cargoes at the river
and carts were hauling goods to the
fort, where already were established
several stores, a hotel, etc. Captain
j Sutter had only two mechanics in his
employ— a wagon-maker and a black
smith, whom he was then paying SlO
per day. Merchants pay him a month
| ly rent of $100 per room, and while I
was there a two-story house in the fort
was rented as a hotel for $500 a month.
I proceeded twenty-five miles up the
American fork to a point on it now
' known as the lower mines, or Mormon
diggings. The hillsides were thickly
, strewn with canvas tents and bash ar
j bors. A store was erected, and several
■ boarding shanties in operation. The
I day was intensely hot; yet about 200
| men were at work in the full glare of
, the sun, washing for gold, some with
' tin pans, some with close- woven In
dian baskets, but the greater part had
a rude machine known as a cradle.
This is on rockers six or eight feet long,
open at the foot, and at its head has
a coarse grate and sieve; the bottom is
j rounded, with small cleats nailed
across. Four men are required to work
this machine. One digs the gravel in
the bank close by the stream, another
: carries it to the cradle and empties it
on the grate, a third gives a violent
rocking motion to the machine, while
the fourth dashes on water from tf^
stream. The sieve keeps the coarse
stones from entering the cradle, the
gold was found in placers, which were*
worked by Lopez and his associates for
years, and they have been worked at
intervals until the present day. They
were not very rich, and by reason of
the scarcity of water the greater part
Of the season, their yield was never
much in excess of the day wages of the
men employed.
Long before the time of Lopez gold
was mined in the placers in the Colo
rado River region by Mexicans, who
came north from Sonora, and by In
dians. A discovery of gold was thus
made at San Ysidro, now in San Die ! 'c
County, in 1828, and there are fairly
well authenticated records of a placet
gold discovery and workings in what i*
now known as the Cargo Muchachd
mining district, San Diego County fif
teen miles northwest of Fort Yuina a=
early as 1775.
None of these discoveries created any
excitement. *
Southern California being the most
current of the water washes off the
earthy matter and the gravel is grai
ually carried out at the foot of i>
machine, leaving the sold mixed will
a fine heavy black sand above the first
cleats. The sand and gold mixed to
gether are then drawn yff through
auger holes into a pan below, are dried
in the sun and afterward separated by
blowing off the sand.
A party of four men thus employed
at the lower mines averaged $100 a
day. The Indians and those who have
nothing but pans or willow baskets
gradually wash out the earth and Bep3|
arate the gravel by hand, leaving noth
ing but the gold mixed with the sand,
which is separated in the manner de
scribed. The gold in the lower mines
is in tine bright scales, of which I send
several specimens.
On the 7th of July I left the mill
and crossed to a small stream empty
ing into the American fork, three or
four miles below the sawmill. I struck
this stream (now known as Webers
Creek) at the washings of Sunal & Co.
They had about thirty Indians employ
ed, whom they pay in merchandise
They were getting gold of a character
similar to that found in the main fork,
and doubtless in sufficient quantities
to satisfy them. I send you a small
specimen, presented by this company,
of their gold. From this point we pro
ceeded up the stream about eight
miles, where we found a great many
people and Indians; some engaged in
the bed of the stream and others in the
small side valleys that put into it.
These latter are exceedingly rich, and
two ounces were considered an ordi
nary yield for a day's work. A small
gutter not more than a hundred yards
long by four feet wide and two or three
feet deep was pointed out to me as the
one where two men, William Daly and
Perry McCloon, had a short time be
fore obtained in seven days $17,000
worth of gold.
I might tell of hundreds of similar
instances; but to illustrate how plenti
ful the gold was in the pockets of com
mon laborers, "l will mention a simple
occurrence which took place in my
presence when I was at Weber's store.
This store was nothing but an arbor of
bushes, under which he had exposed
for sale goods and groceries suited to
his customers. A man came in, picked.
up a box of seidlitz powders and askc^T
its price. Captain Weber told him it
was not for sale. The man offered an
ounce of gold, but Captain Weber told
him it only cost 50 cenls. and he did
not wish to sell It. The man then of
fered an ounce and a. half, when Cap
tain Weber had to take it. The oric^"Ever Done
In California
TO GET AT
THE GOLD BENEATH
twenty feet from bedrock, containing over 11,000 cu
bic yards of masonry: in the construction «,-f which
barrels of Gillingham cement were consumed,
costing %i 6S per barrel laid down at tho works,
bringing the cost of the wall up t" $7 SO per yard.
In this work the masons employed received an aver
age oi! $3 per day: blacksmiths, from $3 50 to ?4; rock
excavators, according to the hardness of the rock
work-d on, SO cents, $1 50 and $2 per cubic yard.
T.vo suspension bridges cross the canal, giving
THE WAY IT IS WORKED BY THE MINER
remote part of the State from Mar
shall's original find, did not attract the
attention of prospectors until the
nearer territory hail upied. The
shallow and rich pla«*^a along the
streams and rivers of the central and
northern counties of the State were
first exploited; but the army of miners
and prospectors was '.■-• great and bo
38 that before the end of th" early
BOa their operations had extended from
the Oregon line on the north to the
Lower California boundary and the
Colorado River on the south and south
east. Th.- Investigations of the early
prospectors in Southern California
■were generally superficial, and while
was found in hundreds of locali
sations were so different
from those which prevail in the more
northerly sections, on account of the
general scarcity of water and timber,
that their reports were as a whole un
favorable; and while millions of dol
lars' worth of gold and silver have
DISCOVERY OF GOLD IN CALIFORNIA.
Headquarters, Washington, D. C, August I, 1848.
of all things are high and yet Indians,
who before hardly knew what a breech
cloth was, can now afford to buy the
most gaudy dresses.
Every day was developing new and
rich deposits and the only apprehen
sion seemed to be that the metal would
he found in such abundance as serious
ly to depreciate its value.
The principal store at Butter's Fort,
that of Brannan & Co.. had received in
payment for goods $36,000 worth of this
gold from the Ist of May to the 10th of
July: other merchants had also made
extensive sales. Large quantities '
goods were daily sent forward to the
mines, as the Indians, heretofore so
poor and degraded, have suddenly be
come consumers of the luxuries of life.
I before mentioned that the greater
part of the farmers and rancheros had
abandoned their fields to go to the
mines; this is not the case with Captain
Slitter, who was carefully gathering his
wheat, estimated at 40,000 bushels.
Flour is already worth at Slitter's $:!G
a barrel, and soon will be 550. Unless
large quantities of breadstuffs reach
the country, much suffering will occur;
but as each man is now able to pay a
large price, It is believed the merchant:!
■will brin.T from Chile and Oregon a
plentiful supply for the coming winter.
The most moderate estimate I
could obtain from men acquainted
"with the subject was that upward of
4000 men were working in the gold dis
trict, of whom more than half were
Indians, and that from 530,000 to 550,
000 worth of gold, if not more, was
daily obtained. The entire gold dis
trict, with very few exceptions of
grants made some years ago by the
American authorities, is on land be
longing to the United States. It was
a matter of serious reflection with me
how I could secure to the Government
certain rents or fees for the privilege
of procuring this, gold; but upon con
sidering the large extent of country,
the character of the people engaged
and the small scattered force at my
command I resolved not to interfere,
but permit all to work freely, unless
broils and crimes should call for inter
ference. ;:. v; ::<; : v
1 was surprised to learn that crime
of any kind was very unfrequent, and
that no th'-fts or robberies had been
committed in the gold district. AH
live in tents, in bush houses nr in the
open air, and men have frequently
about their persons thousands of dol
lars' worth of this gold; and it was to
me a matter of surprise that so peace
ful and quiet a state of things should
continue to exist. Conflicting claims
access to the work from the shore. One Of the bridg
es is SO feet lons, carrying the pipo-!> B that
conveys the water power from tli>- Miocene ditch.
The permaneni head dan extends from ■ rocky
point at the foot of South Table Mountain, to a high
mass of rock near the middle of the river, and from
there to the opposite shor*. Th- drat 120 f>> t next
to the west bank is occupied by the fore bay <>f the
and a side dam To feet ions providing for the
waste way. The main dam la about 144 feet long, and
since been mined in the southern
counties in comparison with other por
tions of the State, the industry in
Southern California was languishing
and fitful for three or four decades.
Within its limits there are not less
than 4000 mines or mining claims,
which are either being steadily worked
or are considered of at least sufficient
value by the owners to justify them in
keeping up their annual assessment
work.
Every mining district is immediately
isibie to one or the other and some
both of the railway systems, or
is within one or two days' drive from
a railway station.
The most notable of the desert min
ing districts is Kandsburg. From this
latter point the new railroad runs to
Johannesburg, which is a couple Ol
miles east of Randsburg. Both places
are the outgrowth of the mines of the
district, and are quite flourishing
"camps." There is now a population
to particular spots of ground may
cause collisions, but they win be ran",
as the extent of country is so great
and the gold po abundant that for the
present there is room and enough for
all.
The discovery of these vast deposits
of gold has entirely changed the char
acter of Upper California. Its people.
before engaged in cultivating their
small patches of ground and guarding
their herds of cattle and horses, have
ail gone to the mines, or are on their
way thither. Laborers of every I
have left their work benches and
srnen their shops; sailors desert
their ships as fast as they arrive on
th'- coast, and several vessels have
gone to sea wjth hardly enough hands
to spread a sail; two or three are now
at anchor in San Francises with no
crews on board. Many desertions have
taken place, too. from th" garrisons
within the influence of th" mines; twen
ly-six .soldiers have deserted from the
post of Sonoma, twenty-four from that
of San Francisco and twenty-four from
Monterey. For a few days the evil
appeared so threatening that great
danger existed that the garrisons would
leave in a body.
Many private letters have gone to
the United States giving accounts of
the vast quantity of gold recently dis
covered, and it may be a matter of
surprise why I have made no report
on this subject at an earlier date. The
reason is, that I could not bring my
self to believe the reports that I heard
of the wealth of the gufd district until
I visited it myself. ! have no hesita
tion now in saying that there is more
gold in the country drained by the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers
than will pay the cost of th<> present
war with Mexico a hundred times over.
No capital is required to obtain this
gold, as the laboring man wants noth
ing but his pick, shovel and tin pan,
with which to dig and wash thf gravel;
and many frequently pick gold out of
the crevices of rock with their butcher
Knives In pieces from one to six
ounces.
A soldier of the Artillery Company
returned here a few days ago from
the mines, having been absent on fur
lough twenty days: h<? made by trad-
Ing and working during that tinin
$1500. During these twenty days he
vas traveling ten or eleven days, leav
ing but a week in which he made a
sain of money greater than he re
ceives in pay, clothes and rations dur
ing a whole enlistment of five j
These statements- appear incredible,
but they are true.
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL. SUNDAY, JAM ARY 33. 1898.
in the district Of about !
pie, of whom < ;i)| ) ar-- m pilarly
employed. Where Randsburg and Jo
hannesburg now stand there was noth
: . teni
or a human being. Now then I
stores, well supplied, very fair hotels
and restaurants, public schools anil
even churches. Public <wiit-r la well
maintained, and. notwithstanding the
haste with which the community has
brought topethi-r, one is quite ;is
safe in his person and property at
Randsburg er Johannesburg a< he is in
San Francisco or I,os Ange
The first discoveries at Randsburg
were made in lv.c, bj three pro
ors — F. .v Mfooers John S I
C. A. Burcham — who were "'it
•Mry washing" expedition. They had
been at work dry washing at Goler, a
placer district a few miles distant, and
thought they would try their luck on
tin ground which is now comprised in
the Rand group of mines. They found
imposed quarts, and by
pounding it up some and running it
through their took out
quite a (juatUit | often as much
;:s ISO in a day.
Out on the Hat, level desert south o£
Randsburg there is what is known as
the "Stringer" district. <»n culling
through the surface s..il and gravel the
"bed rock" is found to be traversed by
small veins of quartz, often rich iii
gold.
It is one of the agreeable features of
this district that there are a remark
able number of mines that arc doing
more or less milling and turning out
bullion. The milling rapacity of the
district is now 1: arij LOO stamps,
of thf mills are larger than ten stai
and they are located wherever there is
sufficient water, within a radius of ten
miles from Randsburg. The output of
the district at present la not less than
$100.(H>0 p> r month. .-!:!. l that ratio will
probably be maintained during the cur
rent year.
The "dry washer" has rut no insig
nificant iigu:<- in prospecting th-
deserts and mountains <>f Southern Cal
ifornia. It w;,s with ■ dry washer that
Bfooefa (who was formerly a newspa
per man) and liis companions found
Randsburg. Three prospector* were
dry-washing when they round La For
tunu. mine, just a 1 1 111•1 1 1 • - way across 'the
Colorado River in Yuma County, Ari
zona, from which Charles l>. Lane is
now taking out from (50,000 to SIOO.OOO
p. r month In gold, with which he lights
the )>atti-'s of "free silver." Dry wash
ing is hard and dusty work, but many
a prospector by this method makes the
"stake" \shich he needs for hunting
Quarts mines. A really good equipment
for a desert prospector wIM include a
compact and easily carried dry washer,
three pood burros, two for pack ani
mals and one for saddle, a pair of ten
gallon kegs for water and the usual
camping outfit. Many travel with ■ !• SB
comfortable equipment, but they ought
not to do so. And they cannot be too
;! about seeing that th<-- supply of
water in th» kegs never runs out. Most
of the tragedies f the desert are
caused by carelessness or mishap in the
matter of water. Nothing Is so calcu
lated to "rattle" even a brave man as
the appalling knowledge that he is out
"f water; that the spring or "tank"
upon which he relied is dry and that
he is at least ■ day's ride across ■ not
and sandy desert or through rough
mountain trails, to the nearest supply.
It is mental quite as much as physical
suffering that brings Insanity to the
unfortunate prospector under such con
ditions, and a plain cross supported by
a pile of stones marks the last resting
•>lac" of not a few lira\>> men who, suf
fering from the panics of thirst, hay
wandered about the desert aimlessly
and In circles, until finally exhausted.
The bodies of such are nearly always
found divested of clothing, which they
tear off in their delirium.
consists of cribs of peeled pine poles irom 10 to l*j
a in diameter, ipQi ther with wrought-
Iron spik a tt!ir. >■ ■■ used in the construc
tion), ami filled with the hat Viest rocks that the der
ri<-k.-? could handle, quarried out <-f tl&e river banks;
all surmounted by framed Umbers Bxß inches, and
crowned with a Bhelter dura that can bo raisvil <>r
■k d. This l&ttei provision is made to meet any
: ■ d rise in the river, it required to.i n> feet
of round timbers ami 6000 cubic yards of rock in tht>
DEVELOPMENT
OF
OUR MINING LAWS.
By A. H. RICKETTS.
UNTIL the Federal mining law Of
1m;*;. Congressional legislation
with regard to minerals h ;-l been
sporadic and unimportant, and
until the passage of that a< I
there was no mining law in the
United States other than that estab
■ ' i ; the miners < f the different
mining districts into which the State
was divided by them. Miners" CUS
grew up or ruics were ad' pted at mass
meetings of the miners which had the
of law in the districts in which
were ftdopted. This system
1 in California by the Argo
nauts, gradually extended in its gen-
Ceatures to the other mining States
and becan lerican common law
vi mining.
It is a popular fallacy that these
rules and customs originated in Cali
fornia. Historical accuracy ascribes a
different origin to them. The old Cali
tornians had little or no experience in
mining. "The Spanish-American sys
tem," says the late Mr. Gregory Yale,
the distinguished authority on mining
law, "which has grown up under the
practical working of the mining ordi
nances for New Spain was the founda
tion of the rules and customs adopted."
Senator Stewart has ascribed unde
served merit to the early miners in pro
nouncing them the authors of the local
rules and customs. In his letter to Sen
ator Ramsey he says that the miners
were forced from the necessity of the
case to make laws for themselves; that
each mining district formed its own
rules and adopted its own customs; the
similarity of. which throughout the
entire mining region, extending over
an area of 50.000 square miles, was so
great as to attain all the beneficial re
sults of well-digested general laws.
They were democratic in their charac
ter, guarding against every form of
monopoly, requiring continual work
and occupation in good faith, to consti
tute a valid possession.
This letter is an interesting paper,
coming from . a representative miner,
and is correct in stating the nature of
the rules and customs, and the uni
formity of their adoption. But they
were not the spontaneous creation of
the miners of 1849-50. They reflect the
matured wisdom of the practical miner
of past ages, and have as their founda
tion,.as has been stated, in certain nat
ural laws, easily applied to different
situations, and were propagated in the
California mines by those who had a
practical and traditional knowledge of
them in varied forms, in the countries
of their origin, and were adopted and
no doubt gradually imrroved and judi
ciously modified by the Americans.
This self-evident fact can be admitted
without detracting from our national
pride.
These regulations do not materially
differ from existing national and State
laws upon mining; they fixed the
boundaries of the district, the qualifi
cations of the locator,; the size of the
claims, the manner .in which claims
should be marked and recorded, the
amount of work which should be done
to cure'th? title and the circum
stances under which the claim ml.^ht
be considered as open to relocation,
and as the doctrines. of the common
law respecting the rights of riparian
owners were not considered as ; appli
cable, or only in a very limited de
gree, to the condition of the miners,
construction, ana has a height of 52 feet. The water
si »pc is doubly planked with two-inch brrards. The
Upstream dope is boarded and made tight by sluic
ing in sand, earth and gravel from the banks. The
dam is provided with a wator cushion, and every
thing done for the security of the work that knowl
edge and experience could suggest.
To prevent damage to the head of the canal by
the waters coming down Morris Ravine in the spring
of the year, it became necessary to wingdam the
numerous regulations were adopted by
which the first appropriator of water
!■■ be conveyed or used for mining or
other beneficial purposes was recog
nised :is having to the extent of actual
use the better right, and rights to
water acquired under the local rules
and customs are protected by the
V> deral mining law.
The districts were sometimes co
extensive with the jurisdiction of the
county, but usually did not contain
more than one hundred square miles,
often not more than ten, and there
were in places a dozen districts within
a radius of ten miles. Quartz claims
usually 200 feet along the lode,
"with all its dips, spurs and angles."
for each locator with an additional 200
. the discoverer of the lode and
as many locator* might join in one
: >n as they saw fit: and custom
allowed a double claim to the discov
erer of a placer deposit or bar dig
gings.
The size of placer claims depended
upon the character of th- ""diggings"
and the .-.mount of labor necessary to
open Ihem. In the hill diggings the
claim was usually 100 feet wide and
reached to the middle of the hill. River
diggings embraced a certain distance
up and down the river or creek with
lateral distance? on the banks. Neglect
to work a claim within a limited num
days worked its forfeiture.
The Act of ISC6 proposed no new sys-
It was a recognition of rights
which had grown up under the tacit
ut of the Government. It as
sumed the existence of mining customs
or rules, and conferred the rights ex
pressed subject t'-such customs or reg
ulations, when the same were not in
conflict with the laws of the United
Stab s.
Ur> to WJ ihrre was practically no
limit to the power of miners to legis
CROSS SECTION Op A GULCH IN THE KLONDIKE GOLD DIGGINGS
THE above cut conveys a more correct and comprehensive idea of the earth's formation in the tamous Klonaise gold
tu-lds thin any descriptive matter possibly can. The various gulches along and contiguous to the Yukon RftVer lit
!n valleys frnm' 200 to 3000 feet wide, between hills and mountains covered with light timber. It is of slow growth
and ranges from brush to 12 inches through. Ift summertime this timber la cut and later used in thawing the ground
to reach bedrock For every cord of wood used in the Klondike district the Canadian Government exacts a duty of
25 cents per conl. Many eJ&to owners an- required to go two or three miles back in order to get this wood, which
makes its use Qittte encnalre. (tat a positive necessity.
■When a prospector Hrst 0.>.-- : mences work on his claim he tears off a layer of thick moss from one to one' and a half
. ; .Sep. He then builds ;-. lire and continues to thaw a layer of frozen muck and gravel which extends in depth from two
to thirty feet until the pay streak is reached. The hole being burned down, is usually from five to ten feet in diameter.
and Is continued throush the pay streak from one to three feet deep and from two to 100 feet wide, until bedrock '«
...0.-hed. During the winter the pay streak dirt is hoisted out, and when the snow thaws in May and June r
iffnfded tot th< clean-up that brings fabulous wealth to the hardy vrospector. Bench claims
;>nuarc uusJ •' K-ct übuvv high water.
mouth of that gulch. A sub-flume is built along the
east bank, discharging over the end darn.
Two hydraulic elevatcrs are used, which are sup
plied with power from a reservoir in the adjoining
hills, whose lifting power with 1000 inches of water
under a head of 480 feet amounts to 510,000 gallons
an hour, discharging into the sub-flume.
The gold found in this part of the river during
the preparatory work along the rim was fine and
thin.
late except the general principles of
law: but the act of that year restrict
ed the rights of miners to formulate lo
cal rules; and the State law of L 8
subjects them to further restrictions,
so that now but little is left to the
miners of this State with respect to
district legislation. They are still.
however, permitted to form mining dis
tricts and fix their extent and bounda
ries; the size and extent of mining
claims, provided they do not exceed
the maximum limit allowed by law,
prescribe the number of monuments
marking the exterior boundaries of a
claim, etc. But under the State law
the mining recorder is no longer given
existence, and for all practical
purposes a mining claim may as well
be without as within the limits of an
organized mining district, as the term
is generally understood. In the latter
event it is governed by the general pro
visions of th<- Federal and State laws
At one time there were at least 50 1
mining districts in this State, the
names of which were distributed arr. >:: •
the appropriate, the poetical and the
ridiculous, th>^ last predominating, each
having its own code of laws without
extraterritorial effect and creating
proportionate confusion and conflict.
Since the law of 18D5 the entire Stat^
is practically one mining district with
a law of uniform application; but con
fusion still exists here in regard to the
possible size of locations, the manner
of marking their exterior boundai tes,
etc., as that law, unlike that of other
mining States, is strangely silent upon
those points, leaving such matters still
within the jurisdiction of the mining
districts.
Hence particular care should he taken
to get the description of a mining dis
trict in the State in which a location
is situated as important questions still
depend upon Ac rules of a mining dis
trict bounded by otherfl with different
rules as to the manner of marking the
boundaries of a claim, the appropria
tion and use of water for mining pur-
B, r>tc, as actions respecting mining
claims and water rights, ditches, etc.,
are yet governed by the local rules and
customs when the same are not in con
flict with the general mining laws.
It is remarkable that people coming
here by hundreds of thousands took
possession of hundreds of millions
Worth of property, which was not open
by law to occupation, with so little con
fusion and so little litigation. Therf
is no similar instance in history when
property of such value was taken ii]
by so many owners or claimants under
no higher law than thnt made by them
selves and which gave such absolut •
equality to all in respect to mining
such lands.
The riots, troubles, protracted suits
at law that gave to California an un
fortunate name for lawlessness for a
time did noj: come from the acts of the
miners. The miner made his own laws
and abided by them. But the land
grabber, the squatter, the speculator
Who claimed land under United State?
laws with all the protection th. t they
gave them were the persons who caused
riot, bloodshed and filled our courts
with cases criminal and civil.
The local laws and customs of miners
have been sanctioned by national and
State legislation and approved by the
courts. Their spirit pervades all exist
ing law upon the subject and they will
cv( r remain a monument of the love of
order, system and fair dealing of the
miners of California, who in vast num
bers from all parts of the world probed
the earth in all directions for the pre
cious metals "in the days of gold — the
days of "49."12
THE FIRST PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN OF SAN FRANCISCO IN 1851
THIS panorama or oan Franciscd was taken by Mr. Shew, the pioneer photographer, in 185 1, from the
top of Rincon Hill. The water's edge is what is now Montgomery street, and from that point out to
Goat Island the harbor was one vast forest of ships' masts. Never before or since in the history of the
ci'y have so many ships been anchored in the bay. They came from all parts of the world loaded wHh
merchandise, adventurers and gold hunters. Most of the crews, catching the gold fever, deserted for the
mines. The vesse!s were thus compelled to anchor for months. One ship, the Niantic, moo-ed on what is
now the corner of Clay and San?ome streets, was compelled to remain there for two years, and was used as a
warehouse for the overstock of provisions that the merchantmen had flooded the market with. So great was
STORY OF THE OLDEST PIONEER
IN CALIFORNIA
BY HARRY J. BEE
<>A.V LUIS OBISPO, Jan. I*.—
Hurry J. Bee, one of th
pioneers, for many
vl years a resident of San Jose, has
within the past few month.
noved to the home of his son, Ciuada
oupe Bee, iiear Pozo, San Luis Obispo
Tounty, where he will pass the re.:
der of his days. This aged pio
now past SO years, is still robust and
strong. He is the youngest of a fam
ily of nine children, all of whom
dead but him. He I
one daughter, fourteen grandchi]
and twelve great grandchildren, Mr.
Bee received a special invitation to at
tend the Miners' Convention d
Jubilee week.
His full name is Henry Jubilee Bee,
and he was born in Westminster, Eng
land, on August 22, 1808. On the 9tb of
January, 1830, he sailed from L<
on the Hudson Bay Company's
Druid, bounu for Port Vancouver on
the Columbia River. The brig pa I
through the Straits of Magellan, be ng
the lirst square rigged vessel' to ac
complish this feat. Port Vancouver
was reached in the month of August,
and after discharging and lo
again anchor was weighed and the brig
set sail for Monterey, Cal. On the way
down Harry had a quarrel with the
mate and asked for his discharge.
As it was no-t forthcoming he watch
ed his opportunity when the brig ar
rived at Monterey and escaped to the
shore. This was in October, 1839, and
from that time until the present Harry
Bee has been a resident of California.
Monterey at that time consisted of
nothing but the Presidio, guard. -d by
Mexican soldiers. After a short stay
In the place Harry went to the Salinas
Valley, and until the spring of 1831
was employed by Captain Cooper in
herding sheep. From Cooper's ranch
he returned to Monterey.
In 1536 he joined the rifle company
commanded by Captain Isaac Graham
for the purpose of aiding in the at
tempt to liberate California from Mex
ico. From Santa Cruz the company
marched to Monterey. On arriving
there they found everything quiet, and
Harry, receiving an offer to take charge
of Thomas O. Larkin's store, remain
ed in Monterey while the company
marched southward. A few days aft
erward there were indications of an ag
gressive movement on the* part of the
soldiers of the force, and a messenger
was dispatched after Captain Graham,
who soon returned to Monterey with
his company. The fort was attacked,
and after several days' fighting it sur
rendered, the comandante, General
HE WALKED TO CALIFORNIA FROM OLD MISSOURI-
A Pioneer of 1830.
Jose Figueroa, having previously feeen
captured by Harry Bee and an Amer
ican named Kinlock.
In 1838 Hairy married Clara Moreno
at the pueblo of San Jose. In 1840,
in company with Captain Graham and
about forty other foreigners, he was
arrested by the native Calif ornians un
il ■■:■ Governor Juan Baptiste Alvarado
and General Castro and taken to Mon-
After twelve days' confinement
he was taken out and tried by a court
martial as a traitor, but ;is no evidence
could be adduced against him he \\a?
restored to liberty. His property, how
ever, was confiscated, his house burned
;.:.d bis rattle killed. After getting out
of Alvarado's clutches Harry removed
to Santa Cruz with his family, where
he remained until the Mexicans threat
ened to cut the throats of all the for
eigners in the county, when h< placed
his v, ife and children in San .!"*•• an<l
went t6 Gutter's ranch and assisted in
building the afterward celebrated fort.
About the time the "Bear flag" was
raised in California he joined General
Castro's command and was with the
Mexican soldiers in front of the Plaza
in San Jose when the news arrived that
Commodore Sloat had captured Mon
terey and that the American flag was
flying from the presidio. Castro's com
mand broke tip, a few casting their
lot? with the Mexican commander, l>ut
the majority, among: whom was Harry;
making up their minds to join the
Americans. Securing a horse, he rode
to Monterey and was heartily wel
comed by the Ommodnrp, who was in
need of a mar. who could tell him all
about the country. Captain John C.
Fremont, the "Pathfinder," was th.-n
somewhere in Sonoma County. Com
modore Sloat was desirous of commu
nicating with him, and he ask- d Harry
to carry dispatches to Fremont nrd
also deMver a verbal message lhat the
"Bear f!asr" must Ik- pulled down and
the American fla<r SubwUlttted.
Mounted on a fleet horse, young P<^
took the trail, and in pool time reai h
ed Fremont's encampment, on the
North Fork of the American River. The
delivery Of the verbal message incens
ed Fremont, and he vented his Ul-feel
tng on Bee, who used his own tongue in
such a way that he was placed under
arrest.
When Fremont's company reached
Monterey Harry was released from
custody by order of Commodore Sloat,
who was indignant at the manner in
which his messenger had been treated.
After his discharge Harry returned
to San Jose, and joined the company
of Lieutenant J. R. Watmough in the
capacity Of guide and interpreter. In
IM7 he went with- Quartermaster, aft
erward General Ord. to buy mules for
the Government. Afterward he held
the offire of Alguasil urxl r Alcaldes
John Burton. Charles E. White and J
W. Weeks.
In IS4S, when the sold fever brok*
out in earnest and everybody went tc
the mines. Bee started with the rest.
He went to Dry Diggings, on the
American River, and remained three
months, clearing in that time about
$9009, and then returned to his- family
: n San Jose.
HO! FOR CALIFORNIA
Over
THE GLOBE FOR GOLD.
AMONG the earliest arrivals, that
is, vessels carrying more than
cargo and supercargo, were the
vessels that brought Stevenson's
regiment to San Francisco, the
Thomas H. Perkins, Susan Drew and
Loo Choo. They left New York on the
26t.b. of September, 1846, and sai'^
THE SAX FRAKCISCU CALL, M T ]S*DAV, JAJSITAXY t!«v. i»^.
around the Horn, reaching this port on
March 7, 1847, in 163 days.
It was months after the famous dis
•pvery that the fact became known in
t he United States, on account of the
slow methods of transmission of news.
It was not then, as it. is now,
when an event occurring in San
Francisco may be given to the
-people of the East inside of five
minutes and to the world at large in
side of two hours, but in that long ago
of slow communication the transmis
sion of news depended upon some one
going to the States by way of the
trackless plains or upon the still more
uncertain departure of some
that would round the Horn and stop at
every port on the way, consequently
it was Dot until late in I^^ that the
tide of emigration sei out by land and
by sea for the new Xl Dorado, and ar
rivals date from IV4>.1 V 4>.
Everything that could float was
il into the service as passenger
carriers, and the pioneers in the line
of these carriers were not of \h" class
that grace the harbor of San Francisco
at this time; there were none of those
fine models with all the comforts that
modern civilization has devised, but
the majority were what among sailors
are known as "old tubs," yet they
managed to pet here, the passage
varying according to smooth water,
good wind and sailing quality from 107
to 233 days. In the year I^4H. An idea
of the size of the vessels reaching
bere in that year may be had from the
fact that the aggregate tonnage of
fifty-seven of these appearing In con
secutive order on a page of th<- Cus
tom-house records showed an average
of 21C tons.
The demand for passenger vessels
gave the famous clipper ship<. built
for comfort and speed. While the av
erage passage was 12:'» days, s >me of
these clippers made the trip from New
York in less than 100 days, notably the
Flying Cloud, whicta arrived here in
lv.l in eighty-nine days, at that time
considered a most remarkable voyage.
Then the next favorite route of trav
el was by way of the Isthmus of Dari
cn. when passengers were carried from
New York to Aspinwafl, then occupy
ing five days and a half crossing the
isthmus, and then taking the steamer
at Panama; the Oregon, Panama and
California, being pioneers <>n this side,
and the fare being $.0,00. 0 ,00 cabin and Jl7>
in the steerage. These were old side
wheelers buiU expressly for the trade.
Subsequently, in January. !<*:>?,. the
time by this l'ne was shortened, for
the isthmus railroad was opened, and
the trains traverseu vi 2re and one
half hours the territory that under the
previous system occupied live and one
half days in crossing.
On this line were carried the mails,
and the people on this side were happy
when they received a letter or a paper
frcrm home in about five or six days
less than they had been in the habit of
receiving them. Twenty- five or six
days from New York was looked upon
as rapid transit. And every one look
ed for the arrival of the steamer with
news from ' the East with an anxiety
that probably has never had a parallel
in any community. When a mail
steamer was sighted the fact was made
known by a signal, understood by ev
ery one, displayed from • the staff on
Sweeny & Baugh's observatory, on top
of Telegraph Hill, and then all was ex
citement. If a customer entered a store
to order a bill of goods, he was told:
"The steamer's coming in; come round
in the morning, and we'll tend to your
busl"« a ««." ■ "
(he crush cf vessels that tne incoming steamers could not force their way through and passengers had to be rowed in srmll boats to th? wharf
the boatmen charging jio for each passenger. In the for -ground of the picture is the famous ho'el of those days, whicu was built from old ves
sels and raised on piles. Despite its homely architecture, its prices were enormous, but were cheerfully paid in gold dust by the successful fortune
hunters. The secti.n of the city near the junction of what is now Sacramento and Mason streets was then considered in the suburbs. The first
house put up there was built by a Mr. Sohyer, contrary to the advice of his friends, who laughed at him for building so far out among the sand
hills. Where his hcus? once s'coi, blocks away trom any other structures in those days, is now the heart of the city.
A number of small shanties spang up like mushrooms at the base or Telegraph Hiii, and on the top was bui.t the telegraph station which
gave the name to the hill. There was one house on Goat Island, where passengers in rowboats and sailboats sought safety from storms while
How the Discovery of Gold
and the Outcome of a
Horserace Were Chron
icled in 1848.
A horse race came oft at the
Dolores Mission course (three
miles from town) <>n Monday,
March 6, between a horse of W.
A. Leidsdorff. Esq., of this place,
and one of Mr. Hedspath of So
noma. The Jud '■'•'* in fa
vor of Hedspath's, h*- being a lit
tle ahead of the other at the
coming out place We are not
acquainted with the language of
the turf, and consequently can
give only common parlance.
* • •
Gold Mine Found. -In the new
ly made raceway of the sawmill
recently erected by Captain Sut
t- ;■ on th.- American Fork, gold
h;is been found in considerable
quantities. One person brought
thirty dollars' worth to N»-w Hel
vitia, g&thi it'll there in a short
time California, no dovbt, is
rich in mineral wealth; great
chances here for scientific i
talists. Gold ha? been found in
almost every part of the coun
try.
Then came in 18f»8 the establishment
of the overland line of stages known as
1 1 i » - Butterfield line, throuph California,
Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Ar
kansas, which left twice a week, and
while the time of the trip was no
shorter than by steamer, the advantage
gained was that mail was received
B month, instead of once a month
by water.
While it was admitted that the over
land route was a decided improvement
over the other routes in the carrying
<>f mail matter, for in addition to the
Pacific Mail route or Panama route,
there was the opposition or Tehuante
pec route; there was a demand for less
tiiui- between the east and the west.
and th.it led in the latter part of 1859
to the organization of the Pony ex
press. This was between Sacramento
and Bt Joseph, the then most westerly
point reached by railroad, and it was
calculated that by a relay of riders and
horses the distance of 1900 miles could
be covered in ten days. The route was
THE MAD RUSH TO CALIFORNIA.
From an Old Caricature in Punch.
over the Sierras by way of Salt Lake,
and the tariff on letters was $5 per half
ounce. The service was started from
Sacramento and St. Joseph on the 3d of
April, ]st;a, :i nd the courier with the
mail from St. Joseph reached Sacra
mento April tS, and the next morning
the mail reached this city. The letters
were all on tissue paper. Richard H. Has
lam, known as "Pony Bob," rode 380
miles on one stretch, and William F.
( "'"ly. "Buffalo Bill," on another occa
sion :;S4 miles with the mail. In March,
1861, the Pony express brought Lin
coln's message in 7 days and 17 hours,
the fastest time made by the ponies.
The breaking out of the War of the
Rebellion closed the Butterfield route
overland, and then the overland route
on the line followed by the Pony ex
press was established, and the time
was about two days less than by the
southern route. This was kept up un
til the new era of travel to the Golden
State was inaugurated. That was t>-
/u.ilruacl which was opened \i Juno,
1569, and the early trips were made in
nine days, and since then the time has
been reduced to what it is now — four
and one-half days by the Central Pa
cific.
EGGS A DOLLAR EACH
What
IT COST TO LIVE THEN.
af | y HAT'S a pretty steep price,"
3 said a prospective Klon-
diker, as he was negotiating
f'>r an outfit in a local store
to- go to the frozen North.
"My dear sir," said the store
keeper, "I'm giving you the lowest
SCENE IN FRONT OF POSTOFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO, ON "STEAMER DAY," 1849-' SO
From an Old Print.
prices for just such goods as you will
need in that country; of course we have
a finer grade of goods, but these will
answer the purpose just as well, and
they are just as serviceable, but not
so shinvy."
"Now go over that list again," said
the intending purchaser.
"Certainly," said the accommodating
clerk. "We have here heavy under
wear, $2 50 a suit; shirt of gray or blue
flannel or wool, $2 50; a mackintosh or
wool lined coat. $10; a rubber wool lined
overcc-at. $4; blankets, $6 a pair; rubber
boots. $8; gloves, 50 cents a pair; wool
en mitts, 75 cents ■ pair; blanket lined
overalls, $1 50: snowshoes, $2 50, and
overcoat that will keep you as warm as
a hot stove, $25. Yes. here's a fur
lined cap with flaps to protect your
ears, $4. That, altogether, makes $70 25.
Now. you will need so-me duplicates.
I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll fit you up
in all the clothing that you need Cor.
"Go* exclaimed thA man vho
wanted to get ready for the Yukon
country, "but that knocks spots out of
five twenties."
"Look here, my young friend," said
a grizzled-bearded old man who was
standing by and overheard the conver
sation, "why, you ain't got the grit we
used to have in the early days of Cali
fornia. Of course, we didn't need all
these heavy garments that this young
man has mentioned, but it used to cost
us as much for a pair of rubber boots,
a couple of shirts, some underclothing
and a hat as he's charging you for the
whole outfit.
The prices of real estate went up
among the stars; $8000 for a fifty- vara
lot that had been bought in IS4>« U'V
$20. Yet for all that, everybody made
money, although a man mishr stare
a^rhi!st at the squalor of his lodging,
and wish that he might part with his
appetite at any price to some other
man.
It was some such man as this who
preserved the following bill of fare of
the Ward House far the dinner there
on October 27. 1549:
Oxtail soup $1 00
Baked trout, anchovy sauce 1 50
Roast beet' 100
Roast lamb, stisffod 100
Roast mutton, stuffed 1 00
MY EXCITING LIFE AS
CHILD BORN IN
BY MRS. R. M. REID
BEING the first white child born
in California, perhaps I take a
deeper interest in her welfare
than others.
I was born at Suiter's Fort
on September 3, 1546. My father, John
Gregson, and mother had come to Cali
fornia the year before from Illinois.
They arrived at Johnston's ranch,
on Bear Creek, on October 20, 1846,
and a couple of weeks later they
moved to Sutter's Fort, where father
obtained employment at his trade of
blaeksmithing. Here my birth occurred
the following fall.
The fort at that time consisted of
about one hundred men and a few
women. But the discovery of gold soon
made the place a bustling headquartei's
for mining men. Shortly after my birth
father joined a company that was or
ganized to go to General Fremont at
Monterey. They took down a drove of
horses. When General Vallejo was a
prisoner of the Bear Flag party at the
fort father was one of the guards in
charge of the distinguished personage.
My birth, according tv my parents'
Roast pork, with apple sauce 1 25
Baked mutton, capertsauce l 25
Corned beef and cabbage l 25
Ham i 0)
Curried sausages i 00
Lamb and green peas i 25
Venison, wine sauce i 50
Stewed kidney, champagne sauce 1 25
Fresh eggs, each 1 oo
Sweet potatoes 50
Irish potatoes f, ;
Cabbage 51
Squash 5,
Bread pudding 75
Mime pie ",-,
Brandy peaches 2 00
Hum omelette g .
Jelly omelette 2 CH
Cheese omelette ;.i
Prunes
Here is the menu that was offered at th;
Xl Dorado Hotel at Hang-town:
Beef, with one potato, fair size ?1 j:
Beef up along 1 itfl
Baked beans, greased 1 0]
New potatoes, peeled 75
Hash, low grade - lti
Hash, eighteen karats 1 oo
Roast grizzly i qq
Jackass rabbit, whole 1 00
Jatkass rabbit, whole j 50
Rice, with brandy peaches  2 00
All payable in advance.
Gold scales on end of bar —
The pi>M scales mentioned cost (30, and
tl:.- coarse fcniw *nfl forks not less than
$25 a pair.
version, created great excitement at the
little fort.
When the Indians heard of me, they.
too, must see the little paleface. They
were amused, but skeptical; and in
sisted on pinching me to make me cry
before they were satisfied I was alive.
The squaws hung around the place and
watched me for hours at a time.
Captain John Sutter was so pleased
over the event that he wanted my par
ents to call me John Sutter Gregson.
and said he would give me a league of
land if they would do so. But they
hardly thought John Sutter a prop p
name for a girl, and I was called A.
Gregson, and his wish went unfu
filled.
In February. IS4S. father went t
Coloma to assist Marshall in buildir
the millrace in which gold was d
covered. He was with IfanbaU at t
time he found the gold. The pi<
which was used on the ditch and wK
was really instrumental in the gold 1
ing discovered, was made by my fatli
at Sutter's Fort. It was the first pi. '
made in California.
The news of the existence of goO
California soou spread.AT THE HEIGHT OF THE GREAT RUSH OF GOLD.
travel i ig from San Francisco to what is n w called O iklan ?. The charges at this Gnt
hland stopping-place were enormously i^a. Ihe cost lor oni night there would pay a
week's expenses at any ordinary dty h
A great many houses all along r frant were tuiit from the vessels thnt
were helplessly moored along the sh. r. : t was simply impossible to get crews to man .
them. Everybody h:ul gone to ih.- mi;, s. As it was impossible to replace the irens '
"le captains were ob.igeu to mnkeshi.; n . dispose or their vessels the b- j st way they
could. rhnce the number of ships run as ore and us:d for hotels, bJging-homes, store-
SAW WOLVES AND COYOTES
where
MONTGOMERY ST. NOW IS.
Qy JOHN WEAVER, Pioneer of 47
IT*was in November, 1846, that 1 left
New York on the ship Thomas >..
Perkins, in company with my step
father, Philip Brown, my mother
and my sister Mary. On that
sel were 325 volunteers • ' G
Stevenson's regiment. At that
1 was ll years <>r age
Mary IS. We landed at Clark's
Point, near what is now the
. orner <>f 1 .-:i:
San Francisco then had only abou; >.".'•
iiil-.abitants.
The onJy Incident of the voyafpe worth
mentioning was th-- birth ol a little
rirl <m the ship a short time after leav-
New York. Her father was 3
■ Harris. Shoi tly after this birth
> met th' bl< nip-<n ip-< ■;"-.. . our
escort. Captain Frisbee, who after
THE FIRST "PIONEER"
CALIFORNIA.
Born at Sutters Mi!!, Septerr)Der 3, 1346.
their homes in the ' Socked to
the Pacific? Slope by the thousands.
My folks removed to Green Valley.
Sonoma County, In UWfe There my
irlhood* was* spent. The mining ex
citement was then at its height, and
but little attention was paid to child
ren. Everything was primitive, and
the boys and girls of my time enjoyed
none of jh.- toys arid playthings that
th<- children of to-day get.
There were no cradles in California
■when I was a baby, and when one day
the miners put me in an old miner's
cradle and rocked me I thought min
ing was the greatest pleasure on earth.
We lived in a three-room log cabin,
and with other children I attended a
school presided over by a middle-aged
Irishman. The school was of logs.
."lough boards formed the benches and
'here were no desks. A shelf along the
side of the room was where the child
ien did their writing. The teacher was
an incessant smoker and had his pipe
in his mouth all day long.
The gold fever even had possession of
the children. I remember on one oe
< >n tores or four little companions
and myself found some rich specimens
of miciu thought the glittering
. married one of General Vallejo's
daughters, was officer of the day. < >n
rrival at ki<> Janeiro the tittle
girl was taken aboard the fritcai
lumbufl and christened Aha California
liarns. Thi- Bmperor's birthday had
■ I t urred shortly before this and all ex
cept the American ships had decorated
Bred salutes on that day. the re
sult 1" ;:u r that a kind <if strained feel
risted. Wlien the child was chris
the Emperor sent an envoy and
wished to k:i"w why s<> much fuss had
been made over the birth <>f a com
mon soldier's daughter and yet n<> at
■:i had l" ■• ii paid to his birt
'i hr captain Bent word in return that
the little Rirl mierht some da\ be the
Wife or mother of a Presidi i.t i>i \h>
l'nit«<l stat.s. That ended the matter.-
On <>ur arrival here my stepfather
bought th>- timber of the ship's bunks
for $60, and with half of it Unit th>
first house "ii Kearny t I ith of
merciaL It was sil uat< d b< I
I and Bush stret ts. The tot <>n
which it was erected was b ughl from
a man named Clin< I
i at 18' ap
. to b • :.i\v!i in th>- ■
was by the >ew Y^rk Minetre a, sfa
our arrival. The
'J£R3 BALL. 'N FLUSH TH
.(From <n Old Ept"av'pjr
:-t:iff gold and the whole afternoon w<
labored in carrying piece* of it home
How tired we were al sight and h..-\
• rushed our spirits were when I'm t lk t
returned at nirhi ounced it
••false" gold. Th>' visions of cake* and
cai dy that filled our heads during tli
afternoon soon Oiled and gave way to
disappointment.
I have Witnessed the transformation
Of California into one of the brightest
States in the sisterhood.
I am the mother of five native sons
and seven native daughters. Two
others are dead. I also have two grand*
children. So I have done my share
toward populating the State. My hus
band, Robert M. Keid, died six .wars
ago. John Gregson. my father, still
lives at Gresn Valley, Sonoma County,
and is upward of 7"
The present GoMee Jabtlee celebra
tion is i fitting one, for the half-cen
tury that has passed since M
made the discovery that brought
world to California's feet It should l>~
a grand reunion and serve to reunite
the acquaintances and friendships
formed by the sturdy pioneers in the
early da,ys. AIRS. R. M. REID.
. ( tNee GregwiO
THE SAN FRANCISCO (ALL, SUNDAY, JAM AH V 23, 1898.
houses ana general housing purpose?. The jail and sa'oon in the foreground
were both built in this manner. M ny of them rem lined on the shores while
th? biy was tilled in and houses Ouiit around them. Very ofren in excavating
lor big buildings in the lowt-r part of the city the laborers run across hulks o
these oid sir ii;d d vessels of the famous fl-ets of the early fifties. The sand
4unes and hills In the background or the picture are now crowded with bui'd
ings. In the distance is Lone Moun. tin. All the foreground where the ships
a-e l.ir.g has >mc- been fi itd in arid is covered by blocks of business houses.
the occasion was Brown's Hotel, cor
ner of Kearny and Clay streets. The
company was organised and drilled
aboard ship and was all ready for work
when we arrived. "Shorty" and
."Long" Lee and. Jack Powers were
three of the performers.
The first horse and buggy, if bo dig
nified a term may be used, in San Fran
cisco was owned by my stepfather. The
body was a wooden bath tub, dug out
of a log and presented to him by Cap
tain Leidesdorff, after whom the street
was named. lie put two solid wheels
on it. fitted it with shafts and other ac
cessories, and let my Bister and me r."Me
in it behind an old pinto pony. On wash
days 1 took Mary to the lagoon, now
called Cow Hollow, and also used the
cart to carry messages to father at the
Presidio.
The lfrst wolves and coyotes I ever
saw were . here the Russ House
stands to-day, on Montgomery street.
There was a spring there we used to
get our water from, and that also at
tracted animals. The Russ family
came on the voyage with us in the shin
Loo Choo, except us, who came in the
Perkins as a servant of one of the of
ficers. . .
Charily after our arrival we f - and
CARDROOM OF THE FAMOUS EMPIRE SALOON, SAN FRANCISCO.
<>ur house ha<l boon built <m the wrong
lot, and while it was being moved ws
shington street, above
Montgomery, in ■ small shanty. A
drunken Indian came there dm day,
and upon mother's refusing him some
to • :.t It tried to bruin her with
an ax, and was prevented only by the
timely appearance <>f « colored man
i Jackson, who gave the rascal a
sound drubbing and "fired" him.
The only trouble I have ever had in
this St;n«' from '\~ to tii»- present time
happened one day when I was sent
after lh>- horse, pastured in a little
Valley bounded by Dupont, Sut
Protest of " Subscriber "
Against the Gold Mania
in the Californian,
May 24, 1848.
Mr. Editor — The gold mires up
the Sacramento appear to be ex
citing considerable attention, and
are the principal topic of con
versation in our now almost de
serted town. The few who re
main are mostly those whose
c ; r< umstances place them above
need of gold digging, and
who art not easily
■ annot ra
to pay their pannage. This state
of things, sir. is to any reflect
ing man most deplorable. What
evil effects may not result from
this mania, this d.-sir.- to become
suddenly rich and the conssquen;
abandonment of all useful pur
suits in a wll I
bt, sir. ii" ever the
sun shi :: IDOa such a far
is now enacting in California,
though ! Fear it may prove a
■ the curtain drops.
1 consider t your duty, Mr. Ed
itor, as a conservator of public
morals and w elfa re, t<> 1
your volet against this thing. El
is to be hoped that Governor Ma
son will dispatch the volunteers
to the set : i ion and -
these infatuated p. ..pie to their
homes and prevent others from
going then. Fours,
SUBSCRIBER.
ter, .irny and Post streets. I
\.ii.s going to ride the pony
borne, when father came up and
took it. Just then three drunken In
dians came along and began to use
quarrelsome language. At father's re
quest I found him the limit of a tree to
defend himself and ran for the gun.
When I returned the Indians mounted
their horses and rode away at a fast
gait.
in IMS, wh- n gold was discovered,
f.itutT went overland to the mines, and
the rest of us took Sam Brannan'a
stoop, in company with Captain How
ard and a* family of the name of Ket
i, th<- passage costing $18. It took
us mx days to reach the place where
Sacramento is now located. Crossing
San Pablo Ba] it was very rough, and
we feared greatly that we should be
swamped, but we reached Mais Island
safely and stayed there all night.
I was the last one to board the sloop
in the morning, and, boylike, before I
did so i took a firebrand and threw it
into the grass. In about five minutes
the Whole Of the island was ablaze and
made one of the grandest sights man
ever witnessed. We made money, in
the min<s. but mother fell ill and we
had to return We tried it a second
time, but made a failure. When we
returned to the city father opened
Brown'l Hotel on Kearny street, the
former out- of that name having
changed hands and also Its name t«> the
City Hotel.
After this I ran away from home and
u.iit to work for a man named Wal
ler, who kept a saloon and restaurant
on the corner of Jackson and Kearny
streets, where all the gamblers used to
congregate. At the end of two
months my mother came and begged
me to return home. Waller a<i . I
me to pro and I went. Before leaving
he presented me with $200 and a suit
of clothing that cost about $100.
I was working In the Empire Baloen
when th" first large Ore in San Fram
risc> broke out in "49. Tom Maguira
had built a three-story saloon and
fitted it up in grand style, <>n Kearny
Street. At ;; a. m. of tht> Saturday it
was to be opened with appropriate
ceremonies it caught tire and was
burned to the ground, along with many
other structures. Legg and I slept
in-xt door and <li<in't get to sleep until
2 in the morning. We were awakened
by dies of Ore. Charley got out with
a coat and myself with a pair of trou
■ers. It was a pretty narrow scratch,
and don't you forget it.
I went home again after this and
•lit to Sacramento, where my
father had a 50-vara !"t with .1 shanty
on it during the squatters' riot of isr.it.
1 witnessed the shooting of the Mayor
during that riot. I went up there in
the Bteamer Goldhunter and paid $35
f.>r the trip. Afterward I went to the
south- tm mines and mined from isr.o
until 1*5:;. Luck fluctuated. My best
claim was on Indian Creek, about four
miles from Murphys. in Caiaveras
County. My partner and I used to go
to town of a Saturday night with a
bag six or eight Inches long brimful
of geld, lay in provisions and other
supplies for a week and then go home
on Monday morning, "dead broke," as
regularly as clock work. We rode to
town <>n an old mule. "Greaser fash
ion" — one in front and the other be
hind.
In l^.'.T I entered the employ of what is
now known as the George H.Tay Com
pany, and have been here ever Bince.
My sist'-r. now Mrs. Wteland, is still
living a!:<l is a resideni Of San Jose.
She, ex-sfajror Tristed of Ban Jos*- and
niysulf are the only ones I know of as
living who sailed on th<- ship Thomas
n. Perkins fifty-two years ago. No,
p. rhapi 1 am n.istaken. When I heard
last of the little girl, Alta California
H.iM is. about fifteen years ago, she
was living somewhere in Kansas OX
Nebraska. I myself have served ten
yean as a veteran fireman.
.l< >HN WEAVER.
THE CALIFORNIA STAR.
SAN FRANCISCO. SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1848.
BXPREB TO THE STATES:
We hove m tdc positive " mgements for
another Lxyrcsa to leave £/;... p.acj fur liuU~
)i n ence on th. ~'h of June next, without
ft- . li stage on Letters, 50 cents; Papers
12 t -J
C^We date the prosperity of San
Francisco from the occupation of the
country by the United States forces
and the consequent hoisting of the flag",
but never within the last three years
has th' town presented a less lifelil c,
more barren appearance than at the
present time, never so inactive, so void
of stir as at present. -
The "latest accounts" fmm the Goid
country are highly flattering. Over
three hundred men are engaged ir
washing Gold and numbers are con
tinually arriving from every part of
the country. Gold has been found
within three miles of Fort Sacramento,
and parties who have penetrated and
traversed the region in which it was
originally found, give encouraging iv
ports of its increase in quantity—undi
minlshed in purity. Extravagant prices
are offered mechanical labor, wages of
ten and twelve dollars per day are re
fused-
HUNTERS TO THE COAST.
THAT "necessity is me morner of invention " wis never more clearlydemon
strated t .an in the early history of San Francisco. The great thing;, d.-sired
in those days were houses. As it was, house* were scarce and ships were
plenty. The crews of mist of the ships deserted soen after reac .in.; this port
on account of violent attacks of gold fever, and the vessels could not leave port and
lay idle on the bay for days. It was at this time that Am-ric:<n genius asserted it
self and tamed the ship^into all sorts of habitations. Seme of them were trans
formed as they lay out in the bay, while others were towed ashore. Here they were
made into hotels, boarding-houses, stores, saloons an J any number of other habita
tions. The most notable of these oddities were the old ship Apollo, that was trans
formed in:o a saloon, and the ship Panama, that was housed over and made to do
duty as a church. George D. Dorner tilted her up and transformed her until she
was hardly recognizable.
HOW I HELPED TO RAISE THE
OLD BEAR FLAG
I WAS born in St. Ciair County, 111.,
June 17, 18^2. Eleven years later
my family moved to Southwestern
Missouri, and in March, 1543, my
brother William, who at the age
of eighty years, and healthy, still lives
at San Ramon, this State, my father
and myself started for Oregon with an
ox and mule team. William had vis
ited Oregon two years previously, com
ing most of the way with General John
Bidwell and party, and was thoroughly
familiar with the route to be traveled.
Starting with us were Peter H. Bur
nett, later the first Governor of Califor
nia, and family. Jesse. Lindsay and
Charley Applegate and families. Wil
liam Winter, William Hargrave and
Captain <J. P. Swift, the latter two
members of the memorable Bear Flag
party. Peter Burnett was captain of
the party for a distance, when a divi
sion occurred, and William Fowler was
installed as captain of our division. Dr.
Whitman, then a noted missionary of
Walla Walla, who with his wife was
afterward killed by the Indians, joined
our party at I'latte River, being <>n his
return from a visit to the East.
We reached Oregon City after a te
dious journey, and there spent the win
ter of 1843-44 working for Dr. McLaugh
lin, who owned and laid out the town.
In June, 1544, we started horseback and
with packhorses for California. With
us from there were the well-known
Kelseys, now deceased.
The route traveled was very nearly
that traversed by the railroad at the
present time. It was difficult to get
through, for there was scarcely a trail
anywhere and the wooded sections were
badly infested by Indians. We had,
however, few skirmishes of a serious
character. Fortune seemed to smile on
us all the way, but it would have been
otherwise had we not had some Hud
son Bay men for guides, who were
dreaded by the Coast Indians at that
time.
At the Soda Springs near where is
now Sissons, a short season was passed
in camp. Here the members of the
party grew fat on the finest biscuit
ever tasted, the dough being both
mixed and raised by the use of the car
bonated water. We finally trudged on
and eventually pitched camp on Cache
Creek. Yolo County, just below the
cabin of William Gordon, who came
here in the early '30's and who was the
grandfather of Hon. Frank L. Coombs,
now Speaker of the California Assem
bly.
This was the first house seen since
leaving the Chehalem Valley, Oregon.
In the latter part of '44 our party
moved over to old Sonoma, where the
male members, including myself, work
ed for General Vallejo, completing his
adobe houses. The following year my
father and myself purchased the ranch
at Calistoga now owned by Mrs. Le
iand Stanford. Tho property adjoined
that of the noted Sam Brannan. We
raised cattle and farmed in general.
Tt wns Juno IS, lS4fi. that Sonoma was
captured, the Boar Flag raised and the
Republic of California Treated. General
Fremont put "Stuttering" Merritt. an
Old hunter, at th^ head of the capturing
party. Pome thirty or more persona
went with him, each armed with a sin
THE FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH IN SAN FRANCISCQ
From an Oki Punt
BY HENRY FOWLER,
(\ Piooeer of 1844^
gle-shot nfte. Merrm was selected be
cause he had been previously captured
and maltreated by General and Halra
dor Vallejo. Merritt was instructed bj
Fremont even to the language for th"<
occasion. General Vallejo was rushed
upon and Merritt said: V— y— ou art
my prisoner."
Vallejo was dumfouttded for a mo.
ment and then replied in broken Eng
lish: "By what authority?"
"I'm the authority!" shouted Merritt.
"W —w — when i w— w — was your
pp — p— prisoner you t—t— treated me like
a d — d — dog; now you're my p—p—pris
oner and I t—t— treat you like a
g — s — gentleman."
The Bear Flag was made by William
Tod, a relative of Mrs. Abraham Lin
coln, and hoisted while the prisoners
were taken to Sutter's Fort. Tod was
later cap Hired by some Mexicans, but
subsequently n scued.
The original Bear flag was made ol
the poorest quality of linen — an under
garment taken from a clothesline. Now
the flag at present recognized is made
of fair material. Besides, the bear is
in a different attitude, being in the
original just rising on his haunches,
with both paws extended, while in this
he is on all four feet. The original is
still in Pioneer Hall, San Francisco-,
and should be adopted. Tl is much
worn and effaced, but the powder coloi
remains together with slight traces <>1
the red. Jacob P. Leese, General Valle-
Jo's brother-in-law, told me that after
his release from Sutter's Fort he wnt
down to the river near by and saw a
red Bear flag floating on a launch. He
gave a kanaka $5 to steal it for him,
and this and Fremont's battle-Mag,
which had been stolen from the fort
by Leese, were. taken by the latter and
left with Jacob Snyder ' of Sonoma.
What became of the Bear Mag after
that I do not know.
In July, ISIG, Fremont named him
self Governor of "the new California Re
public, and organized the Loyal Alli
ance. All of ns Americana subscribed
to the Alliance excepting one, a hunter
named Fallon. who declared he wanted
no republic and could protect himself.
There was gold found In California
before IS4S. but active digging didn't
commence until then. T kr.iv. that in
I*4l Captain <;. l. Swift and William
Winters of the Fowler immigrant party
found go!*! along the banks "f Kings
Xiv >r. In IS4S William Hargrave and
myself 7-nined on the Ajrnerican River
and its tributaries, and the in«t day we
worked took out $2000. We also mined
with much success in '40. I shall at
tend the Jubilee celebration and take
part in th^ parade.
GAMBLED AWAY $7,000,000.
The alleged attempt of the Prince of
Monaco to "Meed" the Casino Com
pany has led to the publication of a
pamphlet by a groun or shareholders
full of interesting reading. Whileevery*
body is aware that the Casino con
tributed largely to the ivy. nue, few
people knew that, besides the subsidy
of the Prince, the establishment keeps
up the judges, police, lighting, water,
postoffice, clergy am' charitable insti
tutions.
Last season's expenditure of the
principality, apart from the mainte
nance of the Casino, which was $4,170,
000, amounted to $750,000 of which sum
the Prince had $250,000, the courts, pol
ice, etc., $100,000, clergy and schools,
$45,000, charities $300,000, prizes foi
sports $55,000, and the postoffice and
losses $10,000. The dividends on the
shares absorbed $2,880,000. making a
total revenue of $7,700,000. which the
-fools of the world" left at the Mont.
Carlo gambling tables.
1314
popular song
8
Xh«f «v Monte P*t«. 11l ne'er forf«t
The luck that ha always had. ■
He'd deal for you both night and day,
- t>r as lon^ iv« you bad a and
One night a pistol laid him out,
■ "Twu hi* last lay out in fine,
It caught Pete sure, right ban« i« tt«
1 door,
. la Uv &*» of '40,
CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSHES.
THE great rush of diggers to Cali
fornia, which reached lta height
In 1849, naturally drew to theae
shores from all parts of the
world men of exceptionable and
adventurous dispositions. There -were
thousands of young fellows who had
fought in the Mexican war, who were
Inured to hardship in every form:
there were bronzed sailors, who sailed
in every latitude; there were reckless
adventurers of every race, all drawn
togther by the lodestone of gold, the
precious metal which report said was
to be had for the picking up.
Of course report, in this as in every
other case, exaggerated the real truth,
but still enough gold was obtained,
even in the first year after Marshall's
discovery, to Justify the rush. The
yield went on steadily increasing until,
from $15,000,000 in the first year, it
reached the top notch in 1852. During
this wonderful year no less than $85,
000,000 worth of gold was taken from
the soil of California, a record which
has never been surpassed.
This was the hey-day of California
mining prosperity, and it is no wonder
that during these wonderfully rich
years men with plenty of money ir.
their pockets were only too eager to
listen to every tale of discovery and to
rush like sheep blindly for the new
Bouroe of wealth.
One of the most remarkable of theso
futile rushes occurred in ISSI, when a
report came to San Francisco that gold
had been found In large quantities on
the • ocean beach in Klamath County,
near a place christened Gold Bluff. The
wildest rumors were circulated, the
Band was reported to yield from three
to ten dollars' worth of gold per pound.
Two days after the news reached San
Francisco eight vessels were advertised
to sail for the Bluff, but the excite
ment died away as rapidly as it had
arisen as soon as truthful accounts
reached the city.
Next time rumor, with her lying
tongue, went far afield, and in 1853 a
series of letters were pubiisned in the
Panama press asserting that very rich
gold mines had been discovered on the
Amazon, in Peru. This news of course
was reproduced in the San Francisco
press, credulous gold seekers swallowed
It, and a thousand or more men sailed
for Callao to discover on landing that
the people of the city knew absolutely
nothing of these mythical mines.
A couple of years later the Kern
River rush followed, surpassing in in
tensity any of itß predecessors. In this
case the rush was also started by the
familiar device of false letters, and
■ome five thousand diggers made their
■way to the Kern River, only to find
that no adequate reward for their toil
some Journey awaited them.
THE DAYS OF `49.
4
There wee another oh»p from Maw Orleans,
Biff Reuben wu hit Dame,
On the plaza there with a aardiD* bo*.
He opened ft faro gam*.
He dealt ao fair that a millionoir*
He became id conree of time.
Till death slept in and called th* tars
Iv the Jay» of '13.
Still more serious consequences fol
lowed the news in 1858 of the discovery
of rich alluvial on the Fraser River in
British Columbia. The rush which fol
lowed caused a panic in San Francis
co, real property fell in value to an
alarming degree, and claims which had
been yielding wealth to their owners
were abandoned as worthless. Every
one wanted to get to the Fraser River.
It has been estimated that at least 18,
000 people went there curing the year,
and the State at one stroke lost a third
of its voters. The diggings proved dis
appointing, and by degrees the miners
drifted back to California, satisfied that
better prospects were to be found in
this State than anywhere else.
The gold, so plentiful in the earlier
days, cast a halo of romance over
everything it touched and the old
timers, most of whom have now passed
away, used to tell many wonderful
stories of adventure in the wilds. These
stories, growing as they traveled, had
been passed on from camp to camp,
from prospector to prospector, until
every person knew of at least one mine
of phenomenal richness where gold had
not to be dug for. but simply shoveled
up in huge chunks.
The only trouble about these myth
ical mines was that they could never
be found; they always, in some peculiar
way, got themselves lost in the ranges
after the first discovery. To this cate
gory belongs the marvelous "Gold
Lake," which was said to excel in
wealth the richest placers of the world.
It was in 1850. during the first flush
of digging excitement, that a man
named Stoddard wandered into a busy
camp at Downieville, and told his tale
to eager listeners. He had been lost
in the wilds of the Sierras, and had
stumbled upon a lake the sideß and
bottom of which were absolutely paved
with pure gold.
When the spring came a party of
twenty-five prospectors started out
with Stoddard, but he soon proved that
he knew nothing of the country, and
wandered helplessly about from valley
to range. Behind his party came a
long string of other gold seekers, who
had heard Stoddard's story, and were
determined to stick to his trail, even
if it led to the nethermost regions.
Thus the procession meandered for
weeks about this mountainous coun
try, until at last the miners lost all pa
tience with their leader and made
preparations for hanging him. But
Stoddard begged so hard for one more
chance that they postponed the execu
tion for a day, and during the night
Stoddard prudently disappeared.
Strangely enough, there may have
! been a measure of truth in the man's
' story, because in Plumas County there
is actually a lake which corresponds
In some respects to the description.
i Only the sides are lined with mica,
not pure gold, but It makes a big dlf
i ference. Twelve miles from this spot
[la the famous Plumas-Eureka mine.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAT,!., SUNDAY, JAXITART 23, 1898.
by E. ZIMMER
8
Tb«r* was Keolnck Bill, one of th» boy
Who wae always id for a game;
No matter whether he lost or «o»,
To him 't«i» all the «rune.
He uu a uluj?; he'd p"» th* bock ;
He'd go a hat full blind
Id af,en»e of death Bill lost hi* breath
In ii» day* of '49. .
from which $17,000,000 has been taken
during th*> past thirty years.
There is more romance In the story
of the "Lost Cabin" mine, for which
some of the old timer are still hunt
ing, Junt as they have done at any
time during' the past forty years. Un
heard of wealth awaits the man who
finds the cabin, but the Monte Crlsto
who is to locate it has yet to appear.
Here is the story that started the
"Lout Cabin" mine craze: In 1850,
when the excitement over the Trinity
mines was raging, a party of three
prospectors, finding all the good claims
located, took to the mountains in search
of fresh country. After wandering
deviously about for days, they struck
a well defined trail, which led them at
last to the home of a gigantic grizzly.
| Not being on speaking terms with the
! animal, they took the precaution of
I first filling him with lead. Then they
proceeded to dine off his carcass, and
whilst enjoying their meal, they, dis
j covered that the grizzly had chosen as
his last resting place a hole literally
studded with the lumps of gold.
BANK OF CALIFORNIA.
The Wealthiest Commercial BanK
on the Pacific Coast.
The solidity of the commercial banks
of San Francisco has been for years
the subject for favorable comment In
the financial centers of the world. Chief
among the great Institutions that have
contributed to this great reputation Is
"Beastly hot weather, isn't It?"
"Horriblai Why, the leo ha» be«n malted out of my whiskers for more than a week."— Lif«.
• ■ •■
c I
■I* era won Now York Jake. th« buUfcer
bOT.
So fund of (jetting t!;ht;
Whenever .late (jot full of »,in.
Ha wm luoluny for « ti~ht
One mg!.: he Ml »,:»in»i a knife
In the haa..» of old Rub Kline
And over Jak« we had A wait*
la the d»jr. of '49.
the Bank of Culifornla, which Is be
yond question the wealthiest commer
cial bank on the Pacific Coast. It was
founded In 1564 with a large paid up
capital, which was Increased from
time to time until the amount la now
$3,000,000.
The leading spirit In the organization
of the Bank of California was D. O.
Mills, who served as its president from
the day its doors were opened for
business until 1873. It was a popular
Institution from the start. Its con
servative management inspiring con
fidence In the business community, and
It has, as a result, secured and main
tained control of an Immense business.
The affairs of the bank are in the
hands of William Alvord, who has been
its president for many years past. Mr.
Alvord is one of the representative
bankers of the country, an astute busi
ness man and a financier of unusual
ability. In the panic that convulsed
the financial world In 1893 Mr. Alvord's
management of the bank was con
spicuously brilliant. The confidence of
depositors in the Institution never
wavered for an Instant, the result be
ing that while many other banks were
severely shaken by the storm, the af
fairs of the Bank of California pro
gressed without the slightest Inconve
nience. It is this that has contributed
so largely to the fame enjoyed by this
celebrated financial house.
The bank Issues letters of credit
available in all parts of the world. It
draws direct on New York. Boston,
Chicago, St. Louis, Salt Lake, Denver,
Kansas City, New Orleans. Portland,
r.;
Tb«r* «v North Carolina Jaw, • hard
. old-<*ae,
XV"ho oarer would repent
Je»« «a« naver known to Bias a meal.
Or a*er pa; a cant.
But poor old Jew like all tie raat.
To death did at last reeiyn.
And' in hit bloom bo want up Lbe Own*
i. In thed»v»of '49
Or., and Los Angeles, and on London,
Paris. Berlin, Hamburg, Frankfort-on
the-Maln, Copenhagen, Stockholm.
Christlanla. Melbourne, Sydney, Auck
land, Hongkong, Shanghai, Yokohama,
Genoa and all the cities of the world.
The business transacted by the bank
embraces every branch of legitimate
banking, Including the Issuance of for
eign and domestic exchange and the
careful, systematic making of collec
tions.
According to the latest statement
filed with the Bank Commissioners the
assets of the bank aggregated $15,573,
741 88. The amount of money on hand
was $2,693,963 09, and there was due
from banks and bankers $1,469,452 52.
The reserve fund was $3,097,848 03.
Aside from President Alvord the offi
cers are as follows: Vice president.
Charles R. Bishop; cashier, Thomas
Brown. The directors are: William
Alvord. James M. Allen. Charles R.
Bishop. Antolne Borel. Adam Grant, A.
K. P. Harmon, H. H. Hewlett. Ed W.
Hopkins, Meyer Lewis, F. G. New
lands and George Whlttler.
SOriMEK PIANOS.
The Great Musical Establlshnjeot
of Byron Mauzy.
The illustrations presented In this
number of the magmiflcent piano ware
rooms of Byron Mauzy In the Pacific-
Union Club building. Union square,
this city, will be a surprise to many
who had no idea that there were any
. ■ ' - 6 ■ "■ i .
*Tb»<« wo* B*ok»Mck Jim who eoaii oufr
roar
a, buffalo bull yon bat,
H» roared all night; ha roared »11 d»y;
'' Ha may be roaring yet.
One night be fall in a proapaot hoi*.
T»a» a roaring bad design.
And in that bole Jim roared oat hi* acal
In the daT* r.( '49.
rooms devoted to the sale and display
of musical instruments on quite so
large a scale outside of New York or
Chicago. Mr. Mauzy has been In th!s
building for eleven years past and has
each year made improvements that have
kept him abreast of the times. The
large central room can be turned into
a hall %vith a seating capacity of 800.
The various rooms are filled with dif
ferent makes of pianos, of which Mr.
Mauzy is the sole representative. Es
pecially attractive are the two large
rooms devoted to the display of the
Sohmer piano. The Grand room is
complete with Parlor, Baby and Bijou
Grands in mahogany and oak cases.
The Upright room has cases in mahog
any, walnut, birdseye maple and oak,
all of the choicest and finest woods.
The room devoted to the display of the
Byron Mauzy Pianos is also an at
tractive one.
With extensive facilities for manu
facturing in New York, and 20 years of
retail! experience in handling all the
promijnent makes of pianos, Mr. Mauzy
Is enabled to cull out the strongest
pointsj of all these Instruments, and
combine them. In a piano In every way
adapted to the use and needs of this
climate.
The Byron Mauzy Piano is made on
the latest scientific plans, and has all
the new improvements. The most
beautiful woods are selected for the
casings, and these are double cross
veneered, with handsome etched and
carved panels.
The sounding board is made to pro
duce the fullest volume of tone; the
action the latest improved; the ham
mers of the best felt; the white keys
are ivory and the black keys are ebony.
The backs are open and of hard
wood, nicely finished. There are three
pedals, one of them a muffler, so ar
ranged that a child can practice in the
same room without disturbing any
one.
Every piano is warranted for ten
years.
A Prominent Mlnlog Man.
One of the most notable successes
that have hpen rvadf> in the State in th<*
mining business is that of Mr. Willfred
G. Drown of Angela, Cal. Marting at
the bottom of me ladder he has, by
his superior Judgment and indomitable
will, made a name for himself of which
any man might be proud. He is a
native of Massachusetts and came to
California in IST6. His first experience
in minir.g was pained at Angels, where
he was associated with Charles J,ane,
one of the owners of the famous QUca
mine. Mr. Drown is a machinist by
trade and his work was invaluable to
the Utica. He started in as an ordi
nary miner and worked himself up to
have charge of the top works of the
mine, a very responsible position and
one requiring a thorough knowledge of
the business. He left the service of the
■:■■ -■- IBS 9
Of »n the eeandM I had then
There'a non« left now tut ma,
\nd the only thin I'm fitting for
la * tienator to* b»;
•The people cry »• I put by,
" Thar* go«« a traveling tigs:
lJ >X)>at'i> old Tom Moor*, tjiuaimr rartk.
k Of Urn day* ol 'i» " ~»
Utlca company to develop what la now
known as the Tracy properties. This
property had been overlooked by the
so-called knowing mining men, who did
not believe It was on the mother lode
and could not be developed Into a divi
dend-paying proposition. Subsequent
developments have demonstrated that
Mr. Drown has been correct In his con
clusions and from present indications
the mine will be one known the world
over as one of California's famous pro
ducers. The sulphurets are rich and
uniform, averaging about $"0 per ton
and the shaft is now being sunk on an
average of three feet per day through
rock running about $4. There are four
distinct veins running through this
property. Mr. Drown is the superin
tendent of this property and in addition
has charge of other valuable mining
properties. He represents a very large
amount of foreign capital and will start
for Europe In a short time, where he
will no doubt arrange for further de
velopments. Mr. Drown is a young
man, but the close attention he has
given to mining and the careful study
he has made of the business has made
him one of the best judges of a mining
property in the State. His advice is al
ways sought, especially in Calaveras
and Tuolumne counties, and so far his
tment has been correct. He is a
wide awake and progressive man
his sturdy and uncompromising in
ity has made him hosts of friends,
who bank on him from start to finish.
Their confidence has not been mis
placed and if he gives cut a positive
statement it is a certainty that he is
correct. He is a married man and the
father of two boys, who, If they follow
in their father's footsteps, will in turn
become representative citizens of the
community.
The HoibrooKo.
To all people visiting Nevada County
it would be well to bear in mind that
the Holbrooke House, in Grass Valley,
is the house at which proper accommo
dations can be secured. Mr. Hunsaker,
the proprietor, is an experienced hotel
man, and nothing is left undone to se
: cure the comfort of his guests. The
1 rooms are light, airy and perfectly
' kept, the menu is* unexcelled and the
comfort of the guest is the primary
consideration in this hotel.
"Of course." observed Xerxes, the
King, "my will is law." "Doubtlesa,"
answered the wise man of the court,
after consulting a few authorities,
"that 13 to say, If your majesty
doesn't leave too large :.n estate." —
Boston Globe.
He— Do you thing there is really
any danger In kissing?
She— Wait till I go to the stairs and
listen to find out whether papa la
asleep or not.THE CALL Sunday Edition
SAIN FBANCISCO, SUNDAY, JAXIARV 23, 1898.16
PICKING UP
MILLIONS IN ALASKA.
"1 SCRATCHED $10,000
I WENT to Klondike on my wedding
tour, and my first housekeeping was
done In a rude log cabin by the dig
pings at the point called Forty-one
Mile. TVe were married — Clarence
and I — the very day we started for
the cold north. Did bride ever have
such a honeymoon and wife ever begin
housekeeping under such strange cir
cumstances?
Mr. Berry had been two years In
Alaska before I accompanied him. We
were engaged when he first went up
there, in 1594,- and he left his diggings
to come down here, where we were
married. I was determined that he
I net return alone, and when a
woman makes up her mind to do a
thing she usually does it. Hence, in
eiiite of all that was said, I went to
the Klondike, and I and a lady in our
party (Mrs. Lippy) were the first
women to set foot upon the frozen
ground of Dawson City.
When we arrived at Forty-One Mile
Mr. T-ierry saw that I was comfortably
located in a cabin and he went on to
American Creek. He was gone for five
weeks, and I was the most isolated
and lonesome woman in this world, I
do believe. I will never forget those
five long, draggy, dreary weeks. Not
a thing to do, nor a thing to see ex
cept snow, ice and wilderness.
Well. I began housekeeping — my first
experience. Just imagine! Every
time I wanted a little water to use In
cooking I would have to take a chunk
of ice and thaw it in a vessel on the
Btove; if the water was wanted for
drinking purposes you would have to
wait until it cooled; but that did not
take long. In fact* you would have to
be careful that the water did not solid
ify a trail-..
Then, the Alaska housekeeper never
ki owa when her work is done, for
body keeps open house or open
cabin, rather, en the Klondike. Often
times after having "cleared off" the ta
ble, five or six, and sometimes a dozen,
hungry miners would come along, and
that meant another supper and one on
a much larger scale. It w;is not an un
common occurrence for the guests for
supper to stay ail night -and have
breakfast the next morning. That was
before the shortage In provisions,
though, and I suppose things are, from
the necessities of the situation, far dif
ferent now.
From Forty-one Mile Mr. Berry and
myself went to Dawr-x-i City, a dis
tance of seventy miles. Mr. Berry
started alone In a small boat and told
me to "pack up" a; <i take the first
er to Dawson. When he got half
to Dawson City be left the pro
vißions he had taken and return
nip. T)>e steamer Arctic
: ry ©Old and rainy night,
I i have my five tons of pro
;.•"! and ready for ship
k the following morn
tic of bard work that nipht.
t the 1 ■ bustl*
!:► t>..'v
'WE WERE POOR AND HOPELESS WHEN IN A DAY AL/ V \OST WE TUMBLED ON UNTOLD WEALTH."
OUT OF THE EARTH
to get everything ready. With the as
sistance of neighbors, however, I man
aged to have everything in readiness
for the morning. Mr. Perry lef£ his
small boat and took passage with me
on the steamer.
At Dawson we pitched a tent as tem
porary quarters until a cabin could be
built at our claim, which was No. 5.
Our tent was the first one ever put up
at Dawson, and, my! what a time we
had to keep from freezing- that night.
We stayed as close to the fire all day
as we could get, and at night we cov
ered ourselves, head and all. in warm
blankets, and even then it was cold.
When we" removed to our cabin it was
far from completed. It was not until
three weeks afterward that our cabin
was cozy enough to call It a home. We
then had carpets, curtains and chairs,
and there were doors and windows In
the cabin.
Then the mining began In earnest.
My work was not confined to the house
by any means. Making bread for the
miners and showing them how to do
it; preparing meals and "tending to
the house generally," were only a frac
tional part of my . experience on the
Klondike. .
I went to the diggings, too. One
thing that I was most thankful for was
the fact that in spite of the cold, the
hardships and the privations I enjoyed
most excellent health, : which ,is very
unusual for a woman in that trying
country. ' : . ■
Just think of a woman making $10,
000 by ■■ scratching with a Btick =in . the
dumps; but that is what I did. In or
der to do the panning I had to thaw
the water. At first I lost a lot of valu
able gold, but soon I learned to take; it
out as well as any of the old miners.
1 put my "earnings" away in every re
ceptacle I could find— old bottles, jelly
jars and cans. In that way I brought
mv .preceious findings home.
I had the distinction of washing the
heaviest yielding pan of the Klondike,
the sum of $596 being taken out in gold.
After thus spending the afternoon
far different from the manner in which
the housewife in civilized communities
passes her time— l would return to our
cabin home and prepare supper for the
cold and hungry men from the dig
gings. Think of panning diggings, pick
ing up nuggets and raking around the
dumps to an afternoon tea or a sewing
circle!
I "was kept very busy all the timo.
nr.d when 1 was not enlaced in some
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, STTXDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
WITH A LITTLE STICK."
Mrs. Clarence Berry.
sort of occupation my housewifely cares
for the morrow were sufficient to keep
my mind occupied, so you see that, al
though it was very lonesome up there,
far, far away from friends and rela
tives, I hardly had time to be home
sick. -
But the life of the wife of the miner
on the Klondike cannot be called a very
pleasant one. But I cannot say that I
am sorry that I went; that I braved the
hardships and faced the privations.
I will not return, however, to the
Klondike. My husband goes back this
spring, but he will return here in the
fall. He will not spend another winter
there, either.
I could not mention half the people
who have asked me what I thought of
their going to Klondike— ladles and
gentlemen alike. I have told many la
dies what I thought and have written
many letters in answer to queries
which I receive 'almost every day from
women who seek advice about Klon
dike, as I have had the actual exper
ience that they are contemplating un
dergoing. My answer has invariably
been: "The Klondike is no place for" a
woman; stay at home."
"NO ONE COULD HAVE BEEN MORE SURPRISED THON MYSELF WHEN I STRUCK IT RICH-"
THE story of my finding a fortune
is briefly told. It was a matter
of luck and proves 'that good
forture'sometimes follows a long
fortune sometimes ro»" «j
seaeon of disappointments and
ineffectual attempts to make money. It
also shows that a man-may stumble
right onto the chance of his life with-
out any previous plans; or the least ■
H»«nfTfhßt is "waiting for him
idea of what is waiting for him
No one could tave h en T Struck" v
prised than myself *he;i I struck it
rich on tne Klondike vnrv
I .was.born.at Scarborough, in York-
shire, on the east, coast of England.
Marry Dobson.
where my family has been known for
the past 200 years. But I had a roving
disposition and did not care to stay at
home as my ancestors had done, and
engage in business, so I began early to
work out for myself. j nave traveled
all over the world.
Then I thought of the Yukon and
wondered if it would not be a good idea
£»° or -tSS frontle.r,to, get employ-
ment or_ start some kind of business
there> x knew nothing whatever of
mining and did not expect to prospect
At that time of course the Klondike
was a -comparatively unknown region,
Bo I struck out over the divide for Cir-
C ie City, after reaching Jnneau. and
with several traveling companions
picked up on the way, completed the
long:, hard journey up the river, . ; ;
To reach Circle City one must go
through Dawson. The gold fever had
just b K roken out there. * ie>er naa
i was broke. But on the first tide
of the boom 1 went to work and it was
a matter of only a few weeks when I
had enough nuggets in my pocket and
in my claims to travel the globe over
again as many times as I might wish
and under very different conditions. '.
- But I shall not seek pleasure In trav
eling. My intention is to buy a big
farm within a few hours' travel of San
Francisco and enjoy a quiet life there.
THREE KLONDIKE MILLIONAIRES.
- ■ ' ■ .■THE GOLD-HUNTERS', LIFE ALONG THE WAY FROM CHILCOOT PASS TO DAWSON CITY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
ON THE KLONDIKE.
1 Original '
pfioto^mphs
— NoW First ■
\^ Pablijbed.
IT18
THE OUTCASTS
OF POKER FLAT
As Mr. John Oakhurst, gambler, stepped Into the
main street of Poker Flat on the morning of the 23d
of November, 1850, he was conscious of a change In his
moral atmosphere since the preceding night. Two or
three men. conversing earnestly together, ceased as he
approached, and exchanged significant glances. There
was a Sabbath lull in the air, which. In a settlement
unused to Sabbath influences, looked ominous.
Mr. Oakhurst's calm, handsome race betrayed small
concern in these indications. Whether he was con
scious of any predisposing cause was another question.
"I reckon they're after somebody," he reflected: "likely
It's me." He returned to his pocket the handkerchief
with which he had been whipping away the red dust
of Poker Flat from his neat boots, and quietly dis
charged his mind of any further conjecture.
In point of fact. Poker Flat was -after somebody."
It had lately suffered the loss of several thousand dol
lars, two valuable horses, and a prominent citizen. It
was experiencing a spasm of virtuous reaction, quite
as lawless and ungovernable as any of the acts that
had provoked it. A secret committee had determined
to rid the town of all Improper persons. This was done
permanently in regard of two men who were then
Hanging from the boughs of a sycamore in the gulch,
and temporarily in the banishment of certain other ob
jectionable characters. I regret to say that some of
these were ladies. It is but due to the sex. however, to
state that their impropriety was professional, and it
was only in such easily established standards of cvii
that Poker Flat ventured to sit in Judgment.
i Mr. Oakhurst was right in supposing that he was in
cluded in this category. A few of the committee had
urge<i hanging him as a possible example and a pure
met.|>d of reimbursing themselves from his pockets of
the sums he had won from them. "It's agin Justice,"
said Jim Wheeler, "to let this yer young man from
Koarlng Camp— an entire stranger— away our
money. But a crude sentiment of equity residing in
the breasts of those who had been, fortunate enough to
win from Mr. Oakhurst overruled this narrower local
prejudice.
Mr, Oakhurst received his sentence with philo
sophic calmness, none the less coolly that he was aware
of the hesitation of his Judges. He was too much of a
gambler not to accept fate. With him life was at best
an uncertain game, and he recognized the usual per
centage in favor of the dealer.
i A . bod y of armed men accompanied the deported
wickedness of Poker Flat to the outskirts of the set
tlement. Besides Mr. Oakhurst, who was known to be
a coolly desperate man, and for whose intimidation the
armed escort was intended, the expatriated party con
sisted of a young woman familiarly known .as "The
Duchess ; another who had won the title of "Mother
Bhlpton : and "Uncle Billy." a suspected sluice robber
and confirmed drunkard. The cavafcade provoked no
comments from the spectators, nor was any word ut
tered by the escort. Only when the gulch which marked
the uttermost limit of Poker Flat was reached, the
leader spoke briefly and to the point. The exiles were
forbidden to return at the peril of their lives.
As the escort disappeared their pent-up feelings
found vent In a few hysterical tears from the Duchess,
some bad language from Mother Shlpton. and a Par
thian volley of expletives from Uncle Billy. The philo
sophic Oakhurst alone remained silent. He listened
calmly to Mother Shlpton's desire to cut somebody's
heart out, to the repeated statements of the Duchess
that she would die in the road, and to the alarming
oaths that seemed to be bumped out of Uncle Billy as
he rode forward. With the easy gooJ-humor character
12V. C of . hls class, he insisted upon exchanging his own
riding horse. "Five Spot." for the sorry mule upon
which the Duchess rode. But even this act did not
draw the party into any closer sympathy. The young
woman readjusted her somewhat bedraggled plumes
with a feeble, faded coquetry: Mother Shlpton eyed the
possessor of "Five Spot" with malevolence, and Uncle
Billy Included the whole party in one sweeping anath-
The road to Sandy Bar— camp ttiat. not having as
yet experienced the regenerating influences of Poker
Flat, consequently seemed to offer some invitation to
the emigrants— lay over a steep mountain range. 1..
was distant a day's severe travel. In that advanced
season the party soon passed out of the moist, temper
ate regions of the foothills into the dry. cold bracing
air of the Sierras. The trail was narrow and difficult.
At noon the Duchess, rolling out of her saddle upon the
ground, declared her Intention of going no farther, and
the party halted.
The spot was singularly wild and Impressive. A
wooded amphitheater, surrounded on three sides by
precipitous cliffs of naked granite, sloped gently, toward
the crest of another precipice that overlooked the val
ley. It was. undoubtedly, the most suitable spot for a
camp, had camping been advisable. But Mr. Oakhurst
knew that scarcely half the journey to Sandy Bar was
accomplished and the party was not equipped or pro
visioned for delay This fact he pointed out to his com
panions curtly with a philosophic commentary on the
£?«&* «V,V 11 ™ W i nf l vu P their hand before the game was
played out But they were furnished with liquor.
which in this emergency stood them in stead of food,
i? iLl es ,«» a ? d P r * s ? ience ,- In spite of his remonstrances
it was not long before they were more or less under Its
Influence. « Uncl % Billy passed rapidly from a belli- 1 1
V& %£♦?,„ n %m f t stupor - th , e Duchess became maudlin,
and Mother Shlpton snored. Mr. Oakhurst alone re
mained erect, leaning against a rock, calmly surveying
i^Jfr;;™"^?^ dld . not . drlnk - Tt Interfered with a
profession "which required coolness, imp.-issiveness and
presence of mind, and, in his own language, he "couldn't
afford it. As he gazed at his recumbent fellow exiles,
the loneliness begotten of his pariah-trade, his habits of
life, his very vices, for the first time seriously op
pressed him. He bestirred himself in dusting his black
clothes, washing his hands and face, and other acts
characteristic of his studiously neat habits, and for
moment forgot his annoyance. The thought of desert
ing his weaker and more pitiable companions never per
haps occurred to him. Yet he could not help feeling the
want of that excitement which, singularly enough was
most conducive to that calm equanimity for which he
was notorious. He looked at the gloomy walls that rose
a thousand feet sheer above the circling pines around
him, at the sky ominously clouded, at the valley below
already deepening into shadow; and, doing so suddenly
he heard his own name called. '
A horseman slowly ascended £he trail. In the fresh
open face- of the: newcomer Mr. Oakhurst recognized'
Tom Simson, otherwise known as "The Innocent " of
Bandy Bar. Ho had met him some months before over
a "little game," and had, with perfect equanimity, won
the entire fortune— amounting to some forty dollars—
of. that guileless < youth. Alter the game was finished.
Mr. Oakhurst drew the youthful speculator behind the
door and thus addressed him: "Tummy, you
little man. but you can't gamble worm ii cent. li.m't
try It over again." He then handed him his money
tack, pushed him wntly from the roum, and so made a
devoted slave of Tom Simeon.
There was a remembrance of this In his hoyi«=h and
enthusiastic greetingof Mr. < 'akhurst. He hart started,
be aafd, to go to Poker Flat to seek his fortune.
Alone?' \\o, not exactly (done; in fact fa gleple), he
had run away with Plney Woods. Didn't Mr. Oakhurst
remember Plney? She that used to wait on th« table
at the Temperance House? They had been engaged a
lons time, but old Jake Woods had objected, und so
they had run away, and were going to Poker Fiat to
be married, and here they were. And they were tlrid
out. and how lucky It was they had found a place to
camp and company. All this the Innocent delivered.
rapidly, while Piney, a stout, comely damsel of IS,
emerged from behind the pine tree, where she hnd been
blushing unseen, and rode to the side of her lover.
Mr. Oakhurst seldom troubled him?. If with senti
ment, still less with propriety; but he had a vague idea
that the situation was not furtunate. He retained,
however, his presence of mind sufficiently to kl-k Uncle
Billy, who was about to say something, and Uncle Billy
was sober enough to recognize in Mr. Or.khurst's kick a
superior power that would not bear trilling. He then
endeavored to dissuade Tom Slmson from delaying fur
ther, but in vain. He even pointed out the fact tnnt
there was no provision, nor moans of making a camp.
But. unluckily, the Innocent met this objection bj as
suring the party that he was provided with an extra
mule loaded with provisions, and by the discovery of a
rude attempt at a log house near the trail. "Piney can
stay with Mrs. Oakhurst." said the Innocent, pointing
to the Duchess, "and 1 can shift f'>r ttv.
Nothing but Mr. Oakhur-st's admonishing foot saved
I'ncle Billy from bursting into a roar of laughter. As it
was. he felt compelled to retire up the canyon until he
could recover his gravity. There he confided tli«s ioke
to the tall pine trees, with many slaps of oil
tortions of his face, and the usual profanity. But when
he returned to the party, he found them seated by a lire
—for the air had grown strangely chill and the sky
overcast— ln apparently amicable conversation. Piney
was actually talking In an impulsive, girlish fashion to
the Duchess, who was listening with an interest and
animation she had not shown for many days. The In
nocent was holding forth, apparently with equal
to Mr. Oakhurst and Mother Shipton. who was actually
relaxing into amiability. "Is this yer a d^-d p;
said Uncle Billy with toward scorn, as he surveyed the
sylvan group, the glancing firelight, and the tel
animals in the foreground. Suddenly an Idea mingled
with the alcoholic fumes that disturli.l bis brain. It
was apparently of a Jocular nature, for he. felt impelled
to slap his leg again and cram his fist Into his mouth.
As the shadows crept slowly up the mountain, a
slight breeze rocked the tops of the pine trees and
moaned through their long and gloomy aisles The
ruined cabin, patched and covered wrtn pine boughs,
was °et apart for the ladles. As the lovers parted, they
unaffectedly exchanged a kiss, so honest and sincere
that it might have been heard above the swaying pines
The frail Duchess and the malevolent Mother Rhipton
■were probably too stunned to rerrfftrk upon this last
evidence of simplicity, and so turned without a word to
the hut. The fire was replenished, the men lay down
before the door, and in a few minutes were asloep.
Mr. Oakhurst was a light sleeper. Toward morning
he awoke benumbed and cold. As he stirred the dying
fire, the wind, which was now blowing strongly
brought to his cheek that which caused the blood to
leave It — snow!
He started to his feet with the Intention of awak
ening the sleepers, for there was no time to lose. Hut
turning to where Uncle Billy had been lying, he found
him gone. A suspicion leaped to his brain and a curse
to his lips. He ran to the spot where the mules had
been tethered; they were no longer there. The tracks
were already fast disappearing in the snow.
The momentary excitement brought Mr. Oakhursi
back to the fire with his usual calm. He did not waken
the sleepers. The Innocent slumbered peacefully, with
a smile on his good-humored, freckled face; the virgin
Plney slept beside her frailer sisters as sweetly as
though attended by celestial guardians, and Mr. Oak
hurst, drawing his blanket over his shoulders, stroked
his mustaches and waited for the dawn. Jt came slowly
In a whirling mist of snowflakes that dazzled and con
fused the eye. What could be seen of the landscape ap
peared magically changed. He looked over the valley
and summed up the present and future In two words—
"Snowed in!"
A careful inventory of the provisions, which, fortun
ately for the party, had been stored within the hut. and
co escaped the felonious fingers of Uncle Billy, disclosed
the fact that with care and prudence they might last
TIIE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
BY BRET. MARTE
vn n r, fl tt a IC! l wr ftTnat fs ' " * &m Mr - Oakhurst. sotto
you ? n? n \ « 1^ nocen , ' " lf you .' re _ billing to board us If
Ull lffi^mnw l !!Sf 1 S yy £ Ut \ £ etter «*-*<» ™n wait
nVWw ttiiiy gt-ts i-ack with provisions." For some
disc k^e rn^.7 1 H-, ?»"»»"»« co "ld not bring himself o
»J . t nele Billy's rascality, and so off. -red the hv-
KBStaffir^JlS £&Zr& r * f , rom the 'aS and hid
Bcciaentally stampeded the animals. He dropped a
cVrr 1 :;:^ I". t 'L D! i cheSS ftnd K Mother Shipton. P who of
"ThHv-ii 2 e !r tho facts of thelr associate's defection,
out /nvthini?. U l th V, r . ? ut us all when the find
lo^^felng^th^m^no^ 1 11^'' " and there ' 8 no
d «s P T o r, m x? n "Ass^bu 1 ? 1 his wnn <">' "tore at the
disposal of Mr. Oakhurst. but he seemed to enjoy the
prospect of their enforced seclusion. "We'll have a
good camp for a week, and then the snow '11 melt, and
we 11 all go back together." The cheerful gayety of the
young man and Mr. . lakhursfs calm infected the otS
noHzPd 2 Jh'",'^' Wl th the ald of plne boughs, exter
npi a tch i for .J he roofless cabin.' and tne Duchess
with «to t y A n . the rearrangement of the interior
nrnvinJ ite a^ tact that OP*™* the Dlue eyes of that
0 1 . 0 ,1 maiden to their fullest extent. "I reckon
T>iZJ OU -& c Vf cd u to flne lt l iTie9 at Poker Flat.' said
.v, f J " *. he uchess turned away to conceal something
that reddened her cheeks through her professional tint,
and Mother Shipton requested Piney not to "chatter.-
But when Mr. Oakhurst returned from a weary search
for the trail, he heard the sound of happy laughter
echoed from the rocks. He stopped in some alarm, and
his thoughts first naturally reverted to the whisky.
Which he had prudently cached. "And yet it don't
somehow sound like whisky," said the gambler. It was
-nil u . n , :1 he caught sight of the blazing tire through the
still blinding storm and the group around it that he
settled to the conviction that it was "square fun "
♦ v Whether Mr. Oakhurst had cached his cards with
the whisky as something debarred the free access of
the community. I cannot Pay. It was certain that. in
Mother Shipton s words, he "didn't say cards once"
during the evening. Haply the time was beguiled by
an accordion, produced somewhat ostentatiously by
lorn Simson from his pack. Notwithstanding some dif
ficulties attending the manipulation of this Instrument
Jr iney Woods managed to pluck several reluctant melo
dies from its keys, to the accompaniment by the Inno
cent on a pair of bone castanets. But the crowning
festivity of the evening was reached in a rude camp-meet
ing hymn, which the lovers. Joining hands, sang with
great earnestness and vociferation. I fear that a cer
tain defiant tone and Covenanter's swing to its chorus
rather than any devotional quality, caused it speedily
to Infect the others, who at last Joined in the refrain:
'1 m proud to live in the service or the Lord
And I'm bound to die in his army."
The pines rocked, the storm eddied and whirled above
the miserable group, and the flames of their altar
leaped heavenward as if in token of the vow.
At midnight the storm abated, the rolling clouds
parted, and the stars glittered keenly above the sleep-
Ing camp. Mr. Oakhurst, whose professional habits
had enabled him to live on the smallest possible amount
of sleep. in dividing the watch with Tom Simson some
now managed to take upon himself the greater part of
that duty. He excused himself to the Innocent by lay
ing thut he had "often been a week without sieep."
Doing what?" asked Tom. "Poker!" replied Oakhurst
sententiously. "When a man gets a streak of luck—
nigger luck— he don't get tired. The luck gives in first.
Luck, continued the gambler, /reflectively, "Is a mighty
queer thing. All you know about it for certain is that
It r bound to change. And it's finding out when it's
going to change that makes you. We've had a streak
of bad luck since we left Poker Flat— you come along
and ship you get into It, too. If you can hold your
cards right along you're all right. For." added the
gambler, with cheerful irrelevance—
" 'I'm proud to live In the service of the Lord,
And I'm bound to die. in his army.' "
The third day came, and the sun, looking through
the white-curtained valley, saw the outcasts divide
their slowly decreasing store of provisions for the morn-
Ing meal. It was one of the peculiarities of that mountain
climate that Its rays diffused a kindly warmth over the
wintry landscape, as if In regretful commiseration of
the past. But it revealed drift on drift of Enow piled
high around the hut— hopeless, uncharted, trackless •
# sea of white lying below the rocky shores to which the
castaways still clung. Through the marvelously clear
air the smoke of the pastoral village of Poker Flat rose
miles away. Mother Shipton saw It, and from a remote
pinnacle of her rocky fastness hurled in that direction
?*>rnn? «np ,* mal *£ !ctlon - It was her last vituperative at
a o*r, n ? ? * Perhaps tor that reason was Invested with
shy.m i de * ree ° f sublimity. It did her good, she
privately Informed the Duchess. "Just you go out there
amusing Ah d "Si,* .? he then set hcrsei? to the task of
n£n^% th fi £PlldP Ild - as she and the Duchess were
« K nn,h. call In . / Piney W as no chicken, but it was
? ni ,ntfiS *ti, and original theory of the pair thus to ac
proper aCt that she dldn>t swear and wasn't im
rePdv^ntil fiT ept up apaln through the gorges, the
pnasmJ " ™ » ? f the accordion rpse and fell in fitful
fl?e R,, a 1, lons-drawn gasps by the flickering camp
left hvinmffl C ♦ ai cd ., to fiil entirely the aching void
hv pi Jn3U , fflclent , food, £ nd a new diversion was .left
Dy fine>— story telling. Neither Mr. Oakhurst nor his
'™,'' e .: companions caring to relate tneir personal ex
?nnn-. Ce S> th ' 8 Pla ° WOUItI *»*• falled - tOO. but for the
r", 01;0 1 ;^ 0 ™ months before he had chanced upon
»tfi £» r? y of Mr Pope s ingenious translation of the
.1 lad - ,J ie ,, now Proposed to narrate tlie principal in
nrV^r^r,/ that poem-having thoroughly mastered the
argument and fairly forgotten the words— the cur
fw \?. m £ CU . lar °£ Sandy Bar - And so for the rest of
tha. nig- ht the v Homeric demigods again walked the
earth. Trojan bully and wily Greek wrestled in th
winds, and the great pines in the canyon seemed to bow
ilOi 10 ?»u ath , of tbe , son of Peleus - Mr. Oakhurst list
ened with quiet satisfaction. Most especially was ho
Interested In the fate of "Ash-heels." as the Innocent
persisted in denominating the "swift-footed Achilles"
M Js*' Wlth small food and much of Homer and the ac
cordion, a ween passed over the heads of the outcasts.
Tho sun again forsook them, an d again from the leaden
skies the snowflakes were sifted over the land. Day by
a >; . loser aro UI l d them drew the snowy circle, until at
last, they looked from their prison door over drifted
walls of dazzling white that towered twenty feet above
their heads. It became more and more difficult to re
plenish their fires, even from the fallen trees beside
them now half hidden in the~ drifts. And vet no one
complained. The lovers turned from the dreary pros
pect and looked into each other's eyes and were happy
Mr. Oakhurst settled himself coolly to the losing game
before him. The Duchess, more cheerful than she had
been, assumed the care of Piney. Only Mother Shipto'n
-once the strongest of the party-seemed to sicken and
fade. At midnight on the tenth day she called Oak
hurst to her side. "I'm going." she said, in a voice of
querulous weakness, "but don't say anything about it
Don t waken the kids. Take the bundle from under my
head and open it." Mr. Oakhurst did so. It contained
Mother Shipton's rations for the last week untouched
Give em to the child." she said, pointing to the sleep-
Ing Piney. "You've starved yourself," said the gam
bi«r. 'That what they call it." said the woman, quer
ulously, as she lay down again, and. turning her face
to the wall, passed quietly away. .
The accordion and the bones were put aside that day
and Homer was forgotten. When the body of Mother
Bhipton had been committed to the snow, Mr. Oakhurst
took the Innocent aside, and showed him a pair of
snowshoes which he had fashioned from the old pack
paddle. "There's one chance In a hundred to save her
yet." he said, pointing to Piney; "but it's there" he
added, pointing toward Poker Flat. "If you can reach
there in two days she's safe." "And you"?" asked Tom
Simson. "I'll stay here," was the curt reply.
The lovers parted with a long embrace. "You are not
going, too?" said the Duchess, as she saw Mr. Oakhurst
apparently waiting to accompany him. "As far as the
canyon." he replied. He turned suddenly and kissed
the Duchess, leaving her pallid face aflame, and her
trembling limbs rigid with amazement.
Night came, but not Mr. Oakhurst. It brought th«
Btorm again and the whirling snow. Then the Duchess
feeding the fire, found that some one had quietly niled
beside the hut enough fuel to last a few days longer
The tears rose to her eyes, but ehe hid them frora
Piney.
The women slept but little. In the morning, looking
Into each other's faces, they read their Fate. Neither
spoke, lut I'iney, accepting the position or the strong
er, drew near and placed her arm around the Duchess'
waist. They kept this attiude for the rest of the day.
That night the storm reached its greatest fury, and,
rending- asunder the protecting pines, invaded the very
hut.
Toward morning they found themselves unable to
feed the fire, which gradually died away. As the em
bers slowly blackened, the Duchess crept closer ta
Piney, and broke the silence of many hours: "Piaji.
can you pray?" "No. clear." said Piney, ? imply.
Duchess, without .knowing exactly why, felt reli
and, putting her head upon I'ir.cy's shoulder, spokd no
more. And so reclining-, the younger and purer plllqw
lnjr the head of the soiled sister upon her virgin breast,
they fell asleep.
The wind lulled as if it feared to waken them.
Feathery drift? of snow, shaken from the long pins
boughs, flew like white-winged birds, and Fettle<j about
them as they slept. The moon through the rifted clouds
looked looked down upon what had been the camp. But
all human stain, all trace of earthly travail, was hidden
beneath the spotless mantle mercifully flung from
above.
They slept all that day and the next, nor did they
waken when voices and footsteps broke the silence of
the camp. And when pitying i'nsers brushed the snow
from their wan faces, you could scarcely have told
from the equal peace that dwelt upon them which wai
phe that had Binned. Kv.ri the law of Poker Flat rec
ognized this, and turned away, leaving them still locked
in each other's arms.
But at the head of the gulch, on one of the largest
pine trees, they found the deuce of clubs pinned to th«
bark with a bowie knife. It bore the following written
in pencil in a firm hand:
* Jk
alt Beneath This Treo
* Lies the Body
* Of *
JOHN OAKHVRST,
jj. Who Struck a Streak of Bad Luck *
On the 23d of November, ISSO, *
and *
Handed In His Checks
On the 7th of December. 1850. *
* *
And pulseless and cold, with a Derringer by his .m.
and a bullet in his heart, though still calm as in f ff «
beneath the tsnow lay he who was at once the str^nee.J
and yet the weakest of the outcasts of Poker Flat.WHEN THREE TAPS ON A BELL SUMMONED 4000 MEN TO A HANGING.
THE flrst record of the Vigilance
Committee of this city was the
action of Its citizens, who In July.
1849. put In prison members of a
gang of rascals and robbera
called the "Hounds. 11 This prompt ex
ample worked a good result, for for
fully a year afterward robbery or mur
der was hardly known. To my know
ledge valuable merchandise was left In
front of stores and never disturbed.
In the fall of ISSO, with the return of
disappointed gold seekers and the ad
vent of a rough element in vessels from
foreign ports, robbery and murder, the
knife and slung-shot became so com
mon that it was found necessary to or
ganize a committee of Bafety. We had
our ni^ht patrols to guard our build
ings and property against fire and rob
bery. All suspicious characters were
Stopped and examined.
Nothing serious occurred until the ar
rest of Jenkins, who was caught with
a small safe concealed in a sack. He
•was given a fair trial, convicted and
hanged from the rafters of the adobe
building Just outside the northwest cor
ner of Portsmouth Square. The rope
■was long, and many of the committee
had hold of it, while the balance kept
back the opposing crowd.
Finding that this committee, com
posed mostly of merchants, was not
strong enough in its organization to
stop the fires, robberies and murders,
a new and larger body was enrolled and
called the Committee of Vigilance. Thia
was in June, 1
Many suspicious characters were ar
rested and taken to the committee
on Battery, near California
street. Among the number was a man
named Stuart, who, upon his trial, con
fessed to more than one murder. For
one of these murders a certain Berdeau
In Marysville was under sentence to
be hanged. Through our committee his
life was saved. We hanged Stuart on
a derrick for small boats at the foot of
California-street wharf, then near Da
vis street. He died game, refusing to
have his black silg handkerchief put
over his face.
In August, the sam» year. Whittaker
and McKenzle were sentenced to be
hanged. The Sheriff and his deputies
gor Into the committee rooms and took
these prisoners to the County- Jail on
Broadway, but thoy were recaptured by
breaking open the jail doors and ta
ken back to our rooms. In less than
thirty minutes they were swinging from
the windows.
Thla vigorous action stopped crime
tn a great extent and this committee
of vigilance adjourned sine die to meet
at the call of three of the executive
committee whenever necessary.
Three taps of the bell of the Monu
mental engine house on Brenham place
was to be the signal, and It was not
given until Casey killed Jamea King of
William in
The excitement was intense and in
the crowd we had trouble to get to
gether the three members of the exe
cutive committee and the secretary.
When this was accomplished the bell
was tapped and the old committee met
in the rooms of the California Pioneers
on Washington street, opposite the
Piaza. A special room was set aside
for the officers and soon William T.
Coleman arrived and was made chair
man. Next morning headquarters were
secured in buildings on Sacramento
Btreet, near Front, and the enrollment
y,:,p started of the famous Vigilance
Committee of 1856.
Hundreds of names were signed] and
numbers issued for days, until the
membership reached nearly 4000. After
the formation of an executive com
mittee the folowing officers were
chosen: W. T. Coleman, president;
Isaac Bluxume. secretary; Charles
Doane, marshal; Colonel Olney, assist
ant marshal, and myself as chief aid.
Companies of 100 ea-ch, together with
an artillery and cavalry company, were
enrolled, and a police and detective
force was appointed. The executive
committee of selected men and the
different captains met and issued all
orders of arrest and tried all cases,
appointing attorneys to defend the
prisoners.
Numerous rooms were set aside for
the arrested, and a password, new
every day, was necessary to get in or
out of the building. At one time there
must have been 100 prisoners. Among
the number was Yankee Sullivan, who
committed suicide in his cell, and Judge
"AS THE RUSHING CR"OWD CAME IN SIGHT OF FORT GUNNYBAGS IT SAW CASEY AND CORA SWINGING FROM BEAMS AND THE VIGILANCE COMMITTEE GUARDING ITS HEADQUARTERS/
Terry, arrested for stabbing one of the
arresting officers. nnrnM Hopkins. Dr.
Beverly Cole saved Hopkins' life, and
bo Terry was not hanged. Many a
night have I stood over him and al
lowed his wife to visit him.
As the different trials progressed men
were sent out of the State in steamers,
■with the prospect of death if they re
turned, and the death sentence was
passed on Casey, Cora, Hetherington
and Brace.
Casey and Cora were in the County
Jail, where they had fled for protection,
but on the tap of the committee's
signal several thousand men formed
and marched to the Jail and surrounded
it. Resistance was useless. The pris
oners were taken to the committee's
building, and while James King's body
was beinp: tnken to the grave Casey
and Cora were hanging. Casey broke
down Just before he was hantred. and
begged and pleaded like a child to be
"Clang! Sounded the Alarm Bell and We All Ran From the
Church to Fort Gunnybags"
IN all the exciting movements of the
early '50's there was none more
striking nor dramatic than th«
hanging of Casey and Cora by the
Vigilance Committee. Casey had
killed James King of William, and
Cora had murdered United States Mar
shal Richardson. The thrilling alarm
bell of the Vigilance Committee rang
out and the execution took place Just
as the funeral services of James King
of William were going on.
It was generally known that Casey
and Cora had been condemned to
death, but It was not known when the
execution was to be carried into effect.
The city was In mourning such as It
had never been before and never has
been since. With the exception of a
very few buildings that were controlled
by individuals who were favorable to
the Law and Order Party, an insigni
ficant organization that openly de
clared Itself opposed to the methods
of the Vigilance Committee, every
house displayed emblems of mourning.
The day for the funeral of James King
of William, who had been a member of
the Vigilance Committee of '51, was
set for May 22. and the place where the
services were to be held was the
church on the west side of Stockton
street, between Clay -and Sacramento.
I was among the thousands of people
gathered there to witness the funeral.
The street was crowded and all who
could be were admitted into the church
edifice. Organized bodies of men rep
saved.
A short time afterward Hetherington
and Brace were hanged on a scaffold
erected on Davis street, near Sacra
mento; and so ended the work of the
Vigilance Committee of 1856.
A. M. EBBETS.
FRASER RIVER GOLD RUSH
THERE have been remarkable
coincidences in the various gold
mining "rushes" so far as re
late to their periodicity and re
sults. The news of the discov
ery of gold by Marshall at Coloma on
January 24, 1848, traveled to the East
very slowly.
It was just a decade of years after
ward, in May, ISSB, when the Fraser
River excitement broke out. In IMS
cam* 1 the White Pine rush, and now,
in IS9S, the Klondike fever has the
sway.
There is a great correspondence in
the relation of the three great gold
mining fevers — California, Fraser
River and the Klondike — both as to
order of time and as to circumstances.
In each instance there was the same
anxiety and ea^t-rm-ss for details, and
the same fluctuating accounts from
those who pioneered the way. There
were the same extravagant stories,
the same Incredible hardships, and,
more than all, the same Ignorance and
uncertainty concerning the region
where the gold was supposed to li.'.
Books, maps and newspapers were
hunted through in quest of lnforma
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO OAIX, STTSDAT, JAXTTABY 23, 1898.
By A. M. EBBETS, Chief Aid, Vigilance Committee of 1856.
tion rs to territory that had been
therefore almost terra incognita.
The dissimilarity between the Califor
nia and Fraser River excitements
was in the ending. The golden wealth
of the California mines proved inex
haustible; that of the Fraser placers
an empty vision.
Fraser River, is the principal stream
of British Columbia, that after a flow
of 800 miles empties into the gulf of
Georgia Just north of the international
boundary. When the first news was
received in California "that rich dig
gings had been found on the bar of
the river, and that there were large
tracts of excellent placers in the up
per basin of the stream," there had
been hut one complete survey and
map made of the region north of 49
degrees between the mountains and
the sea.
The most curious of all the coinci
dences respecting Fraser River region
w.is that it was the scene of Bacon's
New Atlantis. And. if this were not
enough to make it immortal in his
tory, Dean Swift also located here his
BY AN EYE-WITNESS.
resenting various societies were ranged
In line around the church. During the
time of the solemn services there was
a hush that was not broken until there
was v movement at the church door
and It became apparent that the pall
bearers were advancing with the cas
ket containing the remains of the hon
ored dead. All who could, moved to
obtain a better view.
At that very moment when thou
sands of men stood with heads bared
to show their reverence for the depart
ed, there rang out on the still air a
sound that electrified every one.
Then followed a scene I shall never
forget.
A bell rang out. deep-toned, clear.
Every one understood its meaning. It
was struck with measured blows, one
two-three — and as the echoes of the
last stroke were sounding there, in
that vast crowd, face turned to face
vith a look that was full of signifi
cance. Every man who was a member
of the Vigilance Committee knew that
it was the alarm sounded by the alarm
bell on the roof of Fort Ounnyhaes. the
headquarters of the Vigilance Commit
tee. They knew it was the call to duty.
In a moment every man who was a
member of the committee tossed his re
galia to some non-member, stewards
cast aside their wnnds and all started
on a mad run for Sacramento street.
Joining the crowd I turned into Sac
ramento street Just In time to see two
bodies drop from windows at the west
ern end of the Vigilance Committee
rooms.
It needed nn herald to announce to
the crowd rushing down Sacramento
Brobdingnag— that is. if Gulliver Is
to be believed. According to his ac
count it must have been situated di
rectly <m tht- Straits of Fuca. And
when there was considered the pro
portions of some of the stories that
crere s.-nt down in the beginning by
the pioneer adventurers at Fraser, par
ticularly th" account of their chief ar
ticle of food, •'clams the size of a
kitchen bellows, which dried were
i:s.-d by the Indians for the double
purpos.- of eating and fighting," the
coincident I te.
At the time <>f the gold discovery on
thf Fraser the territory was entirely
under the control of the Hudson Hay
Company. They hn<l th<-ir trading
posts stationed at various points in
the interior and on the seacoast. On
the lirst influx of gold-se.-kt-rs the
Governor of Vancouver Island
promptly adopted measures to secure
to the British Government a royalty
by imposing a llcnse tax on the
miivrp. and maintained th.» monopoly
of the Hudson Bay Company by for
bidding the Importation of goods ex
cept through the company's agencies.
Foreign shins were also forbidden to
navigate Frasor River.
The news of the gold discovery In
the north in I^> was received in Cali
fornia with n thrill that was f.-lt in
every liber of her political and indus
trial organization. In the spring,
when it was reported that rich dig
gings had been found on a bnr of
Fraser River, that the yield was In
large nuggets, and that there were
large tracts of excellent placers in
the upper basin of th<* str-am. there
was apparent foundation in experi
ence and renson for the report. The
renditions as described resemt ■'•■■\
those of the California gold regions.
The yield from the mines of this State
had decreased; the pioneers of the
Oolden State were of adventurous
cast: they were restless, and longed
for a change to more promising fields.
Within four nonths IS.OOO men.
nearly one-sixth of all the voters in
the State, went to Fraser River, and
many thousands of others were pre
paring for an early start. The confi
dent belief waa that "the good old
times" of '49 were to come again.
Servants threw up their positions,
farmers and miners left their valuable
properties, wages rose, houses and
land fell in value and many believed
that California would soon be left
without a tenth of her population.
All this excitement arose, too, before
any gold had been received in San
Francisco, and before there was any
direct and trustworthy evidence of the
existence of paying diggings. The re
gion, too. was comparatively distant
and inhospitable: the privations and
dangers were only a little less than
those encountered in this day by the
voyagers up the Yukon.
street hill that the two men whose
bodies were dangling: from ropes each
at the end of a beam were Casey and
Cora.
At Davis street was lined up a com
pany of cavalry that covered not only
that street but both sides of Drumm
street, north and south of Sacramento,
and through that line of uniformed
men in black suits and black glazed caps
and with drawn swords none were al
lowed to pass unless provided with the
countersign. Within these lines were
armed sentries and patrols of infantry,
while from behind the piles of sand
baps that formed the barricade in front
of the fort frowned six-pounders loaded
to the muzzle with canister. On the
roof of the fort was an armed body of
men and one with smoking linstock
In hand stood by a swivel six-pounder
that commanded the approach to the
fort from three sides.
Fronting the fort was a vacant lot
used as a city dumping place. Ranged
in front of this and facing the fort was
a company of infantry, while on Da
vis, Clay and Prumm streets were dis
tributed infantry, so that these armed
men formed a hollow square, while on
the Drumm-street side was a troop of
cavalry. This distribution of force show
ed that while the mass of the people
were at the funeral service the vigilance
minute men had been quickly sum
moned and stationed and the mandate
of the executive council as to the death
penalty was carried out. The time and
occasion were chosen so that at the mo
ment of execution there should be but
few people present.
ERNEST C. STOCK.
Most of the adventurers outfitted at
Victoria with provision*, canoes and
mining Implements. From there,
even in fo frail a bark as a canoe,
containing three, four or five men,
they set sail for Fraser River, which
they ascended to one of the furts, and
there, 'disemtiarkinsr, turned their
faces toward the land of promise,
\ with their stores, ar.d often
hiring men to carry th"ir canoes in
which to cross the several lakes and
streams that interposed on their
weary Journey. Often there were nu
merous portages to be made, over deep
s! us In freestng cold weather.
These and numerous other difficulties
were encountered* in a pleasing hope,
which often turned to despair.
Not one man in a hundred, after
reaching the sold region, realized his
tatlons. The smallest number
remained in the country, while the
great majority, disappointed, dis
heartewed and impoverished, returned
to California.
WTXFTET/D J. DAVIS.
FAMOUS GOLD RUSHES.
T "HOUGH the people of all na
tions, from the earliest times,
have been determined in their
F^-arch for the precious metal,
th^ pold rush, as we term It now
adays, is but a comparatively modern
institution. The ancients were content
to take life more easily and to
sather in the pold when It came to
them, rather than leave their happy
homes to endure privation In the search
of it. This was a task which the Ro
mans left to the barbarians of Walea
ana i-iungary, tnougn tnere is one rec
ord of a search for gold which history
has immortalized. This is the cele
brated voyage of Jason and the Argo
nauts, in pursuit of the gold which ru
mor told them was to be found in the
Caucasus.
In more modern time's the world had
to depend largely for its supply upon
Africa and India, whence the precious
metal dribbled in small quantities, its
source being haidly ever traceable.
But when the Spanish conquest of
South America opened this part of the
world to European commerce, Peru and
Bolivia, with their slave-worked
mines, became the chief contributors
to the world's supply, and in later years
the L'ral Mountains in Russia yielded
valuable returns of go-Id.
However, though all these mines
must, at one tini" or another, have been
discovered accidentally, nothing like a
rush of miners ever occurred. For one
thing the old mints, especially those
controlled by Russia and Spain, were
always proprietary affairs, and these
nations would no more have dreamed
of sharing the spoil with strangers
than they would of abandoning their
claim to the land. Another great dif
ficulty was the lack of communication.
The gold mines in Peru were worked
for many generations before the rest of
Europe knew aught of the matter, and
Spanish secrets were only disclosed by
the rough-and-ready methods of Drake
and his fellow-adventurers, who won
their gold and silver by the simple
process of capturing treasure-laden
galleons. If Pizarro's lieutenant, Orel
lana, had ever really discovered the
mythical El Dorado, a country of fab
ulous wealth, supposed to lie some
where between the Orinoco and Amazon
Rivers, the future of South America
mifccl.t have been changed, for the rush
of Northern adventurers would doubt
less have compelled even the close-fist
ed Spaniard to yield a portion of his
jealously guarded territory.
When the rush to San Francisco In
search of the new El Dorado set in. the
Australian Government — the place was
then but a crown colony — was sorely
perplexed. The land was but thinly
peopled at the best, the majority of the
Inhabitants were convicts, and with
such a lodestar as California shining
in the east, it seemed probable that the
whole of the free working population
would desert in a body to California.
As a matter of fact, many did make
the voyage to the Golden State, and
one o-f these adventurous miners, a Mr.
Hargraves, was immediately struck by
the close resemblance between the
placers of California and the ranges
of his native colony. New South Wales.
So close was the resemblance that he
went back to Australia with the fixed
assurance that he would find gold.
He marched straight to a spot on
the Turon, an insignificant creek near
Rnthurst. and there the very first basin
which he washed yielded several small
nuggets. This was really the origin of
the great Australian gold rush. for.
public attention once attracted to the
subject, gold was found in erreat quan
tities all through Xew p. ruth Wales
and Victoria. Soon there was a return
rush from California. Australians who
had been tempted to these shores has
tened back to their own country, and
many Californians Joined them, help
ing in a few years to build up cities
like Melbourne and Ballarat. and to
convert a sparsely populated sheep run
into a wealthy and self-governing col-
ony.
There have also been gold rushes,
though on a smaller scale, to the north
ern territory of Australia, a country
almost tropical in its character, whilst
even New Guinea has been invaded by
the seekers for easily gotten wealth.
No doubt there is plenty of gold in
New Guinea, but there are also sav
ages of the mr?st ferocious character.
to say nothing of malaria and divers
other diseases. The result is that,
though many miners have gone into
New Guinea, but few have come out
of it. and the gold yield from this un
explored country has not greatly add
ed to the statistical returns.
The southern portim of Africa, be
inp temperate in climate and within
easy reach of Europe, has also attract
ed many diggers. Gold has been
found all thmugh the country, and the
Transvaal has proved especially rich,
F" that th» mines around Johannes
burp are famous throughout the world.
The rush of cold seekers has swamped
the placid abode of the T?opr farmers,
and President K^ucrpr and his conserv
ative followers, despite their strenuous
resistance, are threatened with being
overrun by the more vigorous Uitland
ers.
1920
IS ALASKA A GOOD COUNTRY—
For Women
TO STAY AWAY FROM?
By Mrs. John A. Logan.
SO large a percentage of the peo
ple bound for Alaska are of the
gentler and physically weaker
sex that the question naturally
arises in the mind of one deeply
Interested in woman's welfare,
"Is Alaska a desirable country for
women?"
Having been asked for my opinion
on this subject, which Is one that grows
In Importance as the number of women
pioneers to that inhospitable country-
Increases, I am constrained to give a
conservative reply. From all that I
have been able to learn of existing con
ditions in the far north, I am led to the
ooncluslon that Alaska at the present
time is an excellent country for women
— to Btay away from.
Not alone do women In that region
have to encounter physical hardships
;of almost every description in their
eager rush to keep pace with men in
search of gold, and endure the rigors
of a climate that tests the endurance of
the hardiest man; unless accompanied
by husbands to protect them, they are
compelled to sacrifice much of the dig
; nity ■ and reserve that are woman's
I natural birthright, and certainly her
chief charm. The method of travel over
j land Is now such that women should
: think very seriously before undertak
:ing it. In every way it is extremely
' trying upon the physique of men.
! What must It be for women? ; The
* mere matter of moneyed gain should
| not, it sems to me,»so enthuse them as
:to make < them lose sight of graver
things at stake.
I would not be understood as taking
a gloomy view of the Alaska question.
'It is undoubtedly a most wonderful
| country so far as its mineral riches are
I concerned, but there are few women
i who can encounter the privations and
) primitive conditions there without seri
i ously impairing their health. Even
those who go as companions to their
i husbands and In their watchful care
run a great physical risk. And yet I
am one who holds to the good, old
ifashioned belief that a woman should,
[if need be, follow her husband to {the
■nttermost ends of the earth. To me
jiAJaska certainly U typical of th*
IN compliance with the roquet of a friend of mine, who
wrote me fronf the East. 1 called on good-natured, gar»
rulous old Simon Wheeler, and inquired after ray friend's
friend, Leonidas W. Smiley, as requested to do. and I here
unto append the result. I have a lurking suspicion that
"Leonidas W." Smiley is a myth; that my friend never
knew such a persona**: an 1 that he only conjectured that If I
asked old Wheeler about him it would remind hlru of his in
famous "Jim- Smiley, and he would go to wort and bore me
to death with some exasperating reminiscence of him as long
and es tedious as it would be uselaM to me. If that was the
design it succeeded.
I found Simon Wheeler dozing comfortably by the bar-room
Btove of the dilapidated tavern in the decayed mining camp of
Angels, and I noticed that he was fat and bald-headed, and
had an expression of winning gentleness and simplicity upon
his tranquil countenance. He roused up, *.n(3 gave me good
day. I told him a friend of mine had commissioned me to make
some inquiries about a cherished companion of his boyhood
named Leonidas W. Smiley— Rev. Leonidas W. Smiley, a young
minister of the Gospel, who he had hoard was nt one time a
resilient of Angels Camp. I added that if Mr. Wheeler could
tell me anything about this Rev. Leonidas W. Smiley, I would
feel under many obligations to him.
Simon Wheeler backed me Into a corner and blockaded me
there with his chair, and then sat down and reeled off the mo
notonous narrative which follows this paragraph. He never
smiled, he never frowned, he never changed his voice from the
gently flowing koy to which he tur.ed his initial sentence, ho
never betrayed the slightest suspicion of enthusiasm; but all
through the Interminable narrative there ran a vein of impres
sive earnestness and sincerity, which showed me plainly that
bo far from his imagining that thf>re was anything ridiculous or
funny ab"Ut his story, he- regarded it as a really important
matter, an.l admired its two heroes as iru*n of transcendent
genius in finesse. I let him go on In his own way, and never
interrupted him once.
"Rev. Leonidas W. H'm, Reverend Le— well, there was a fel
ler here once by the name of Jim Smiley, in the winter of '49—
or maybe it was the spring of '60—1 don't recollect exactly, some
how, though what makes me think It was one or the othor is
because I remember the big flume warn't finished when he first
come to the camp; but any way he was the eorloeest man
about always betting on anything that turned up you ev<
If he could get anybody to bet on the other side; and if he
couldn't he'd change sides. Ar.y way that guited the other man
would suit him— any way just so's he got a I•>.I •>. satis
fied. But still he was lucky, uncommon lucky; be most always
come out winner. He was always ready and laying for a
chance; there couldn't be no solit'ry thing mentioned but that
feller' d offer to bet on it. and take ary side you please, B
just telling you. If there was a horse race you'd find him flush
or you'd find him busted at the end of it; if there was a dog
fight he'd bet on It; if there was a cat-fight he'd bet on it; if
there was a chicken fight, he'd bet on it; why. if tl ■
birds Betting on a fence, he would bet you which
fly first; or if there was a camp-meeting, he would be
:- to bet on Parson Walker, which he ju.lged to be tl
exhorter about here, and so he was, too, and a pood man. If
he even see a straddle bug start to go anywheres, h<^ would bet
you how long it would take him to get tit— to wherever I
going to, and if you took him up, he wouid follow that straddle
bug to Mexico but what he would find out where be ■ ■ bou'.id
for and how long he was on the road. Lota of the
has Been that Bmiley, and can tell you about him. Why, it
never made no difference to him — he'd bet on any thing— the
danpdf-st feller. Parson Walker's wife laid very sick on
while, and it seemed as if they warn't f.
but one morning he come in, and Smiley up and a*kt:d li'.tn bow
she was. and he said she was con- ' • ttor— thank the
Lord for his tnfr.lt mercy— and coming on *o smart that with
the blessing of Prov'dence she'd P' : well jret; an<i BmiU
fore he thought, says, 'Well, I'll rusk two and a half she don't
anyway.'
"This-yer Smiley had a mare— the boys cnllo.l her the flf
teen-tnlnute nag. but that was only in fun, you know, because
of course she was faster tl.ur: that— and he v: : e>l to win :
MIKING first brought California Into prominence
as the El Dorado of the West. The foundations
of the State -were laid with the beginning of the
golden flood which poured from almost every
canyon through the length and breadth of the
mighty SJerrra Xevadas.
Of necessity the days of the rich surface placers were
brief, Men were at first lacking In experience, but little
by little as the most profitable bars were worked over
they began to search for the original source of the gold.
In the placers gold had often been found with pieces of
quartz adhering, and the attention was consequently
directed to the veins which thickly intersected the coun
try. 'While these veins were found to contain gold over
a great area of the Sierra Nevada foothills, it was soon
recognized that there was one remarkable mineral zone
stretching* from Mariposa County northward.
For over a hundred miles the prospector traced this
remarkable lode, sometimes able to walk on its crop
pings for miles at a stretch. For long distances the
fissure occupied by the most Important vein had the
appearance of being continuous, and while contracting
here and there was characterized at certain spots by
great "blowouts" of Quarts, affecting even the topog
raphy of the country. The greatest body of quartz ex
posed above ground Is found on the Mariposa grant in
Mariposa County. It rises SO feet with a length of 100 and
a thickness at the base of 20 feet. It Is known as the
May Rock and presents a most striking appearance.
Carson Hill, Quartz Mountain and other eminences are
due to the aggregation of quartz veins. The lode does
not always occur as one great vein, for through much of
Its length It consists of numerous veins scattered Jn a
belt of black slate, through which course dikes of green
stone parallel to the stratification. Thus It has happened
that while the whole western slope of the Sierra Nevadas
Is more or less mineralized, the geological structure Is
• euch that it has favored greater development of fissures
and subsequent Quartz veins along a comparatively
narrow line.
Much has been said about the depth to which th«
gold ores of California extend. The question arises In
every new camp. Do the veins go down? What reason
have we to doubt that they go down? The veins cer
tainly go down, and If rich on the surface experience of
many years has shown that they are not likely to grow
poorer in depth.
world's "Jumplng-off place," the most
cheerless and unsuitable spot that a
woman could select for even a tem
porary abiding place.
But Alaska Is not Irreclaimable,
though its climate may be, and the
time may come, and that Boon, when
capital and civilization will have made
it a habitable land for women. I
would have the way paved for them.
It does not seem to me either safe or
wise for women to emigrate beyond the
ordinary comforts of life. When the
capitalists have made improvements
there; when the civil engineers have
brought their skill to bear upon the
rugged and dangerous surface of that
far-off country; when physicians are at
hand in case of illness, and houses are
built that are suitable for women to
live in: when there is nothing left to
contend with but the climate — and that
will always be quite enough— then
Alaska will be a reasonably habitable
place for women.
For the women who have the cour
age requisite to take such chances as
now present themselves in Alaska, I
have much respect. Fortitude and
bravery are always admirable. But
one may be pardoned for questioning
the judgment of even the brave. Min
ing is an alluring industry, but I have
a theory that for every dollar taken
out of the earth some one had to put
one hundred cents in.
Women pioneers should bear in mind
that vastly different conditions prevail
between the gold fever of '49 and this
of '98. Women were not only in better
physical condition than now, owing to
the greater simplicity of their lives,
but In coming to California they en
tered what was a veritable paradise.
They could live in a cloth tent nine
months of the year and at the door
could be grown almost anything they
desired to plant, be it tree, flower or
vegetable. California's welcome to
woman was a smiling and propitious
one. Alaska's is, to say the least, de
cidedly repelling.
Mme. Diaz, wife of the Mexican Presi
dent, has founded . a home where girls
can always find employment, a nursery
where children of working women are
cared for, and a Magdalen , home for re
pentant sinners.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 2,5, l»98.
The Jumping Frog
of Calaveras
" THE BIGGEST AND RICHEST BELT OF GOLD IN THE WORLD."
THE MOTHER LODE OF CALIFORNIA— By HAROLD W. FAIRBANKS.
HOW TO OUTFIT FOR ALASKA.
I MADE a prospecting trip through
Alaska last year and had the usual
rough experiences of a prospector in
the far north. All you people who
are figuring on going there this year
have had all aorta of advice thrust
upon -you by all sorts of people,
chiefly by those who have gained all
their Information from books and papers.
I am going to tell you what a year's
rough experience taught me were the
absolute necessaries there, the cheapest
cost and how best to prepare for the
trip. It's a hard, trip at the best, and
you will find that practical advice will be
of inestimable service to you.
The usual estimates are made upon the
basis of the expenditure of sums of
money ranging from $300 to $1000. These
of course are all very well for those who
have the money to lay out in such a man
ner. But the greater share of the men
who will set out for Alaska this spring
will doubtless be of limited means, who
are compelled to make every dollar go aa
far as possible. .
The llrst and most requisite is, of
course, food. For a year's supply the fol
lowing will fill the bill. It should be
stated that the prices and goods are the
actual ones charged and supplied by a
downtown retail store and can be dupli
cated at any time: ..
PROVISIONS FOR ONE MAN FOR A TEAR.
75 Tbs sugar $4 20 20 rbs salt 33
250 lbs bacon 25 00 1 It) pepper, bik. 25
100 lbs beans 1 75 >% It) pepper, cay
60 lbs rice 2 SO enne .-
25 lbs rolled oats. 75 14 Ib cinnamon.. 20
r.O lbs cnrnmeal.. 1 M '/4 Ib mustard.... - 23.
100 lbs flour 2 30: 2 lbs soda '.." ': ' 10
200 lbs flour, whole - . 6 lbs baking
wheat 4 63 1 powder 2 00
10 lbs evaporated - ; 5 boxes yeast... 30
onions 400 U case of pilot
25 lbs dr'd apples bread 1 00
115 61 gross matches 80
25 lbs dr. peaches 50 candles 70
190 10 bars Ivory
25 Tbs dr. apricots 2 15 (map 75
10 tbs raisins 60 4 oxbeef extract 120
10 lbs tea, black. 250
25 lbs coffee 875 Total $70 30
It is expected of course that consid
erable additions to the bill of fare will be
made In various ways. For two months
in the year berries of half a dozen kinds
&re abundant everywhere. There are
By Mark Twain
on th.it horse, for all she was fo slow and always had the
asthma, or the distemper, or the consumption, or something
of that kind. They used to give her two or three hundred yards'
start, and then pass her under way: but always at the fag end
of the race, she'd get excited and desperate like, and come ca
vorthig and straddling up, and scattering her legs around lim-
I metlmes In the air. and sometimes out to one side among
the' fences, and kicking up m-o-r-e dust and raising m-o-r-e
racket with her coughing and sneezing and blowing her nose—
and always fetch up at the stand just about a neck ahead, as
near as you could cipher it down.
"And he had a little small bull pup. that to look at him
you'd think he warn't worth a cent but to set around and look
ornery and lay for a chance to steal something. But as soon
as money was up on him he was a different dog; his under
jaw'd begin to stick out like the fo'castle of a steamboat, and
his teeth would uncover and shine like the furnaces. And a
dog might tackle him and bullyrag him, and bite him, and
throw him over his shoulder two or three times, and Andrew
Jackson— which was the name of the pup— Andrew Jackson
would never let on but what he was satisfied, and hadn't ex
pected nothing else— and the bets being doubled and doubled on
the other side all the time, till the money was all up: and then
all of a sudden he would prab that other dog jest by the jint of
his hind leg and freeze to it— not chaw, you understand, but
only just grip and hang on till they throwed up the sponge, if
It was a year. Smiley always come out winner on that pup
till he harnessed a dog once that didn't have no hind legs, be
cause they'd been Pawed off in a circular saw, and when the
thing had gono along far enough and the money was all up,
and he come to make a snatoh for his pet holt, he see in a min
ute how he'd been Imposed upon, and how the other dog sorter
had him in the door, so to speak, and he 'peared surprised, and
then he looked sorter discouraged like, and didn't try no more
to win the fight, so he get shucked out bad. He gave Smiley
a look, as much as to say his heart was broke, and it was his
fault, for putting up a dog that didn't have no hind legs for
him to take holt of. which was his main dependence in a fight,
and then he limped off a piece and laid down and died. It was
a good pup, that Andrew Jackson, and would have made a
name for himself if he'd lived, for the stuff was In him and he
had genius— l know it, because he hadn't no opportunities to
M't:tk of. and it ilon't stand to r< ■■is.m that a dog could make
such a fight as he couKl under them circumstances if he hadn't
no talent. It always rnak«;s me f. el sorry when I think of that
last fißht of his'n and the way it turned out.
'■Well, thtsh-yer Smiley had rat-terriers, and chicken cocks,
ni-eats and all them kind of things, till you couldn't rest,
and you couldn't fetch nothing for him to bet on but he'd
match you. He ketched a frog one day, and took him kJase,
lid he caliated to educate him; and so he ne*ev aone
g for three months but set In his back yard and learn
that frog to jump. And you bet he did learn him. too. He'd
give him a little punch behind, and the next minute you'd see
[rog turning in the air like a doughnut— see him turn one
•. or maybe a couple, if he got a good start, and come
down fiat-footed and all right, iik-- a cat. He pot him up so in
the matter of ketching flies, and kept him in practice so con-
That he'd nail a fly every time as fur as he could see
him. - :d all a frog wanted was education, and he
most anything— and I believe him. Why, I've seen
him set Danl Webster down on this floor— Dan'l Webster was
me of the frog— and sing out. 'F!irs. Dan'l, flies!' and
• r*n you could wink he'd spring straight up and snake a
fly offn the countfr there, and flop down on the floor ag'ln as
sim id as a gob of mad, and fall to scratching the side of his
with his hind foot as Indifferent as if ho hadn't no idea
I een doing any more'n any frog might do. You never see
a fr>'t; so modest and siraightl'or'ard as he was, for all he \v,;3
. Fted. And when it come to fair and square jumping on a
dead level, he could get over more pround u.t one bt ruddle than
any animal of his breed you ever see. Jumping on a dead level
Is Strong suit, you understand; and when It come to that.
Smiley would ante up money on him as long as ho had a rod.
Smiley was monstrous pp ad of hi* frog, and well ho might be,
and been everywhere*, a.n said
he laid over any frog that ever th
With the prowth of experience in dealing with quartz 1
veins the reputation of the lo>le for extent and richness :
became world-wide, and now the mother lode of Cah- 1
fornla stands as the finest example of the great gold i
ta Of th>' world. Here have \- > ■-. developed the
I rground exploitation,
the ir..>st precise a- treatment of low-grade
. . j the world With her j
■ ers.
The continuous ninert fissure system Is one
of tl of the lode. In" many plai
Jn Calawras ani counties the ground up wall
. forming the | • ■ eight feet thick, un 4
in one mine i I mous dimensions of forty
.£ filled with bowlders of the partially broken ,
z.
characteristic quarts of the mother lode has a
well-marked banded Btruci ire, and is niat which the
miner most likes 1 I with. The great ore bodies of
• - ■• been found so profitable
generally ■ .-ter.
advanced to account for
th" formation of I of quartz, une is
that they were depo lt< ; In open cavities which were
form<d thousands of feet below I •■ during the
mountain-ma kins mov« mi nts, whereby hollows and pro
tub. • I the v. |g were brought opposite each
other. The second view d.ies not admit that the great
m;i- arts of the mother lode could have been
formed in this manner I it rather by a gradual replace
ment of the crushed material along the walls with silica
from the peieolav >>n this theory we can
account for the finely banded ptructure of the ore, the
alternating la; iart« and chlorite formed during
the - • :n* and tightening of the fissure. ,
FV>r many y>-ars from the commencement of quartz
mining along- the lode thf> nature of the veins and ore
bodies v;is not understood. This resulted In a lack of
confidence in carrying on underground development
when the ore body i to pinch, as they all do at
times in the mist pen .: of mines. Many a mine in
this region which Is to-day proving a tnnanza for its
owners has been abai doned at one or more periods In
its history. Long years of experience has now changed
all this and created such a belief in the permanency of
the veins that undr-rtakincs of great magnitude are
carried <-wt In faith thit what has been found to be true
in many cases will bf> *ound to be so in all the larger and
•more important deposits.
When It is realized that several thousand feet of the
surface have been eroded in past geological ages, and
BY A MINER WHO HAS BEEN THERE.
huckleberries, salmon berries, raspber
ries, blackberries, currants and goose-*
berries, cranberries and service berries.
As for clothing, there is an equally
wide range in the published estimates. In
one respect, however, they are nearly
all alike — they all provide, for more or
less expensive furs. These articles are
of course all very well in their way. and
when money Is no object they may be
obtained. But they are not essential.
There are many men who have been in
Alaska for years who corroborate this.
None are included in this estimate, which
is as follows and is on the basis of one
year's supply, though many of the arti
cles will be just as serviceable at the end
as at the beginning of the year:
CLOTHING FOR ONE MAN.
2 pr heavy blank- 1 heavy cap 1 W
ets $12 00 1 sheepskin hood.. 1 50
1 waterproof oil 2 rr woolen ralt
"heet 125 tens.. 100
2 suits heavy 1 pr sheepskin
woolen under- mittens 100
• wear .'. 600 2 -pr working
2 Mackinaw over- - gloves 100
shirts 6 00 1 suit oil coat and
1 heavy sweater. 260 souwester 300 ,
6 pr heavy wool 1 pr leather sole
. socks 300 snagproof (urn
6pr cotton socks. 160 boots' 6M
1 pr Mackinaw 2pr heavy shoes.. 800
pants 250 1 pr felt boots
*1 pr blanket lined and arctics 3 00
overalls 1001 pc mosquito bar 40
3pr overalls ..2 23 Towels W
1 fleece lined can- • Ey«-goggles 25
vas coat ;... c 10 •
1 wide - brimmed Total ~ $7165
hat .............. l 00
For camp outfit and tools the estimate
is made on the supposition that two men
go together. That is the only correct
way to do. Very little more is required
for two than for one, and there are so '
many things that require two sets of
hands that the traveler should in the
first place select a partner of congenial
tastes and one with whom he ia measur
ably certain to agree and get along with
out disputing. But one thing should be
borne in mind. No matter how many
may elect at the outset to go In a' single
party, the out -Us should always be pre
pared in sets of two. Provisions, tools,
etc., should all' be arranged in that way,
giving each two men a complete outfit.
Then when parties break up. as all com
prising more than two men are certain
to do sooner or later, there will be no
difficulty. In dividing supplies and tools.
••Well. Smiley kep' the beast In a little lattice box. andhe
used to fetch him down town sometimes ana lay for a bet. One
day a feller-a stranger in camp, he was— come acrost him wltn
his box, and says:
" "What might it be that you've got in that box?'
"And Smiley says, sorter Indifferent like, 'It might be a
parrot, or It might be a canary, maybe, but It am t— it s
only jusv a frog."
"And the feller took it, and looked at it careful, and turned
it round, this way and that, and says, 'll'm— so us. >\eU,
what's he good for?'
" < W«p> < Smiley says, easy and careless, 'he's good enough
for one thing. I Bhould judge— he can outjump any frog In Cala
veras county. 1
"The feller took the box again, and took another long, par
ticular look, and give it back to Smiley, and says, very deliber
ate. 'Well,' he says, 'I don't see no pints about that frog that's
any better'n any other frog.'
" "Maybe you don't.' Smiley says. 'Maybe you understand
frogs and maybe you don't understand 'em; maybe you've had
'experience, and maybe you ain't only an amature. as It were.
Anyways. I've got my opinion and I'll resk forty dollars that
he can outjump any frog In Calaveras county.'
" 'And the feller studied a minute, and then says, kinder sad
like. 'Well. I'm only a stranger here, and I ain't got no frog;
but if I had a frog I'd bet you.'
"And then Smiley says, "That's all risht— that's all right—
if you'll hold my box a minute, I'll go and get you a frog.' And
so the feller took the box, and put up his forty dollars along
with Smiley's, and set down to wait.
•S . he sot there a good while thinking and thinking to his
eelf, and then he got the frog out and prized his mouth open
and took a teaspoon and filled him fuil of quail shot— filled him
pretty near up to his chin— and set him on the floor. Smiley he
went to the swamp and slopped around in the mud for a long
time, and finally he ketched a frog, and fetched him in, and
give him to'thlß feller, and says:
"Now, if you're ready, set him along-side of Dan'l. with his
forepaws just even with Dan'l's, and I'll give tne word.' Then
he says, 'One— two— three— git!' and him and the feller touched
up the frogs from behind, and the new frog hopped off lively,
but Dan'l give a heave, and hysted up his shoulders— so— like a
Frenchman, but it warn't no use — he couldn't budge; he was
planted as solid as a church, and he couldn't no more stir than
if he was anchored out. Smiley was a good deal surprised, and
he was disgusted, too, but he didn't have no idea what the
matter was. of course.
"The feller took the money and started away; and when he
was going out the door, he sorter jerked his thumb over his
shoulder— so— at Dan'l, any says again, very deliberate, 'Well,'
he says, 'I don't see no pints about that frog that's any bet
ter'n any other frog.'
"Smiley, he stood scratching his head and looking down at
Dan'l a long time, and at last he says, 'I do wonder what in the
nation that frog throwed off for— l wonder if there ain't some
thing the matter with him— he 'penrs to look mighty baggy.'
And he ketched Dan'l by the nap of the necic and hefted him,
and says, 'Why, blame my cats if he don't weigh five pound!'
and turned him upside riown and he belched out a double hand
ful of shot. And then he see how it was. and he was the mad
dest man — he set that frog down and took out after that feller,
but lie never ketched him. And '
[Here Simon Wheeler heard his name called from the front
yard, and got up to see what was wanted.] And turning to me
as he moved away, he said: "Just stay where you are, strang
er, an<l rest easy — I ain't going to be gone a second."
But, by your leave. I did not think that a continuation of the
history of the enterprising vagabond "Jim" Smiley would be
lik'ly to afford me much information concerning the Rev.
"I-.eonM.-is W. " Smiley, and so I started away.
At the door I met the sociable Wheeler returning, and he
buttonholed me and recommenced:
"Well, thish-yer Smiley had a yaller one-eyed cow that
didn't have no tail, only jest a short stump like a bannanner,
and "
However, larking both time and inclination, I did not wait
to'hear about the aillicted cow, but took my leave.
that now some of the mines of Amador County are down
more than 2000 feet without any apparent weakening of
the veins, it must be appreciated on what an enormous
scale these gold deposits were formed.
The system of veins constituting the mother lode was
formed subsequent to the folding and upheaval of the
slates, and subsequent also to the Intrusion of the erup
tive rocks, so that they have been little disturbed and
faulted and are easily followed.
The ore of the veins constituting the mother lode is
generally quite simple. Those ores in which copper,
silver and gold are mixed, and which are so difficult to
work and so generally asociated together, especially in
the granite regions of the State, are not found in any
quantity along the mother lode. Here, as in all other
regions, the ores are oxidized down to the water level,
but, in marked distinction to the veins in the granite,
they still carry below the line of oxidation a large
amount of free gold. When combined the gold is almost
always associated with iron pyrites, from which it is ex
tracted with comparative ease.
Much has been said about the wall rocks of the
mother lode and its richness ascribed to their peculiar
character. A careful study of the lode has convinced me
that no combination of wall rocks will insure a rich vein.
It does not seem reasonable that the gold should have
been derived from the walls, for the mines are equally
rich whether in slate or at the contact of slate with
greenstone. Good mines as well as poor ones can be
round under any of these conditions. It seems more
reasonable to believe that the deposition of the metallic
particles is dependent more upon chemical reactions of a
certain kind. Of two veins lying side by side in the same
mine one may be barren and the other constitnte the
pay rock. The rock forming the walls upon the surface
or at any depth which can be reached is no indication
of the nature of the deep-seated rocks from which the
hot waters abstracted their mineral contents. The
numerous dikes of diabase or greenstone so character
istic of the mother lode have given opportunity for the
formation of extensive and well-defined fissures, and this
I believe has been the chief part played by them.
The mother lode of California will probably never be
equalled in the world. While the great mines now open
are gradually penetrating deeper Into the earth without
diminution of- their output, new and now hidden ore
bodies will continue to be found and the product of gold
Increased for years to come. The permanency of the
lode and the ability to work Its low-grade ores have both
been fully vindicated.
For two men the following tools and
camp outfit will suffice:
1 sheet Iron II Jack plane 85
stove J5 OG 1 10-lnch draw
1 bake pan 20 knife 70
1 S-qt. camp ket- 1 1-lr.ch chisel.... 45
tie 60 1 brace. H-lnca -
1 6-qt. camp ket- and 1-lnch bits. 123
tie 60 2 file* 30
1 8-qt. heavy tin 1 Tarn o' Shanter
bread pan and whetstone ...... 25
spoon 30 100 feet H-inch
1 4-qt. camp eof- I rope 166
fee pot 60 150 ft. hi - Inch •
1 2-qt. gal van- rope 100
lied dipper 10 10 lbs. pitch 40
2 frying pans 43] 6 lbs. oakum ■ 60
1 butcher knife.. 40 20 lbs. nails, 6, 8 "-■
2 uranlte cups 25 and lob 80
2 granite plates.. 25 Chalk and Una... 20
2 knives and 2 gold pans. 160
forks,, 2 gran- 2 picks and han
lte spoons 85 dies 220
1 ax 12312 6-ft. shovels.... 170
1 hammer 60 1 gold scales 150
1 broad hatchet. 1 compass 200
No. .8 85 1 10x12 tent, 10
1 6-foot whip saw 700 oz. duck 12 00
1 4-ft. 1-raan 2 Yukon sleds... IS 00
crosscut saw .. 200 .
1 hand saw 1 00 $54 so
1 rip saw 1 25
In this list again there is room for am
plification, and there are many other ar
ticles which would be found very conven
ient and pleasant to have. But those ar
ticles are not absolute essentials, and it
Is with the essentials and not superfluities
that we are dealing in this article.
Another essential is the medicine chest,
and here, too, is quite a wide range,
though not so wide as in the other feat
ures. The following, however, are the ar
ticles that .were found useful, if not es
sential, during a season's sojourn in
Alaska: >
Bun Cholera mixture. 8 surgeon's needles and
Comp. Cathartic pills. silk. - -
Quinine pills. Surgeon's plaster.
Tincture of : Iron. , Absorbent cotton.
Antlkamnia tablet*. Cotton bandages.
Morphine pills. Antiseptic powder.
Citric ' acid. 2 pounds.
In the way of arms, where two men are
going together, one should have a 10 or
12 bore shotgun and about 200 reloadable
shells. The other should have a 38-56
Winchester or other lightweight rifle,
carrying long cartridges, with 100 rounds
-.. of ammunition at least. Pistols are not
needed. Sheath knives are handy to
have. Some fishing tackle Is also essen
tial. ifVM'i ill mwn ivm iniywi'i* m*n\ ¥W\ 1 1 f
The various Items of the complete out
fit foot up as follows:
Provisions $ 70 30 ' Medicines 3 00
Clothing 71 65 Weapons 30 00
Tooli and camp
out«t 64 So| Total $24173
The total weight of the entire outfit
will be about 1500 pounds.
Then comes the expense oZ the journey
to Dyea. The present fares from San
Francisco to Dyea are $29 second class
and $48 first class. The economical man
will elect to undergo a little hardship aa
a sort of breaking In for the Journey
across the mountains and will take the
second class fare, thereby saving $19. It
will cost him about $15 for freight and
drayage on his goods, which will land
them at either Dyea or Skaguay, on the
wharf or beach. Then he must take care
of them himself.
With his partner he will at once com
mence moving his goods to higher land
and getting ready to start across the
mountains. If packers are hired it will
cost from 18 to 50 cents a pound to get
the outfit to the lakes. If they are not
hired the partners will load their sleds
and start out, going to a suitable camp-
Ing place, leaving their loads, and going
back for the remainder of their goods.
This will not Involve the expenditure of
any money. The only cash outlay re
quired will be when the Canadian cus
toms officials are met, which will be at
Lake Taguish. where duty of about 25
per cent of the value of the goods will be
demanded and collected. Once past that
point no money will be needed.
WEEKS.
Not that there will not be abundant
opportunity for spending money if one
desires, but there will be no necessity for
such expenditure, and beyond a doubt
thousands will make the trip to the Klon
dike without using any money except as
stated herein.
THE ONLY WOMAN IN CAMP.
MILLIONS FOR MERCHANTS
In
THE KLONDIKE RUSH.
By Louis Sloss.
AS the season advances, the In
terest in Alaska becomes al
most dally more intensified. I
apprehend a tremendous in
crease of trade throughout this
city and the entire West dur
ing the coming months.^ The .traffic
will undoubtedly be so great that trans
portation hither by land and sea will
tax both ships and railroads to their
utmost carrying capacity. It is, of
course, impossible to say how long
the excitement will remain at fever
heat. The eyes of the world are turned
upon Alaska, and although many of
the gold hunters may fail, their mis
fortune will not deter others from
making .the same attempt. Should 75,
000 out of every 100,000 gold seekers ba
disappointed in their dreams, those who
follow in their footsteps will cherish the
belief that they will be numbered
among the lucky 25,000. Hope springs
eternal In the miner^ breast.
I am told by those who claim to know
whereof they speak that the emigra
tion from England alone will reach the
100,000 mark. Our firm has received
hundreds cf letters of urgent inquiry
from France, Japan and many other
foreign countries, showing that the in
terest is so widespread it has practi
cally encircled the globe. The benefit
to California will be Inestimable.
Alaska produces gold, but its soil is
barren. The thousands upon thou
sands of persons going there must be
provided with the food necessaries of
life, which this State will be called upon
to furnish. Thus Alaska gold will come
to us in payment for the numberless
tons of supplies which this country will
furnish to the prospectors.
We are now preparing to run all our
river boats up the Yukon and will add
four fast express boats, besides launch-
Ing a fine Bteel steamer of 2500 tons
burden, accommodating 260 first-class
passengers.
There Is every indication that the
rush to Alaska from Australia and New
Zealand will be extremely great, but
the class of gold seekers from these
quarters will be of a less mixed charao
tex.STARK MAD
FOR SILVER
AMERIGO VESPUCCI did not
discover America. Consequent
ly it was named after him.
James Finney or "Old Virginia"
and Henry Thomas Paige
Comstock. or "Old Pancake,"
had nothing to do with the discovery
of the greatest of silver mines; there
fore their names as applied to the
Comstock lode and Virginia City have
become world-famous.
The thing in discoveries is to know
Just when not to make them.
We Comstockers are not exactly
proud of our godfathers. In strict
confidence, be it said that Old Vir
ginia was a bibulous, disreputable,
Jolly old teamster, who smashed a bot
tle of whisky over the sage-brush land
one night and between hiccoughs de
clared. "I baptize this ground Virginia
Town." As to Comstock. shocking to
relate, he Inaugurated the .meat game
of "freeze out," with which reprehen
sible practice Comstockers have been
associated ever s i
It was this way. Two miners who
had edge.] further and further •
Ward • ervllle and the
other great gold placers of California,
came at last up Carson and Washoe —
then Wassau— valleys. Tiny got to
Dayton, whi< h has been variously
known as Nevada City, Mineral
Rapids. Chinatown and Johntown.
And tliey worked their way up the
canyons, following trie elusive gold
which crew scarcer and rated
in value as they neared the mountain
tops. Naturally, any comstock miner
to-day could have told these ignoram
uses why. Pimply because the per
centage of silver In the ore was in
creasing and increasing till the bank
ers in Placerville, who used to pay Ne
vada miners $16 an ounce, would pay
only 51".
It makes a pious Comstocker stand
aghast to read hew the miners of old
blasphemed the silver god we Nevad
ans worship so devoutly. They swore
at the unknown metal that cl
their sluice boxes. They called It
"bogus stuff." "accursed base metal."
They hurled it down the echoing
canyons, swearing shockingly and sav
agely just because silver wasn't
And they capped the climax to their
stupidity by actually locating our
Ophir mine, the north end of that
marvelous winding ribbon of richest
silver which • bout Vir
ginia City and Gold Kill, as a gold
placer claim!
I wonder that Nature didn't shrug
those powerful shoulders of hers, the
Washoe Mountains, and so bury all
Nevada's third of a billion of silver
dollars where these fools of fortune
might never profit by it. And where
■would Fair have been then, and Mac
kay. and Flood, and O'Brien, and Sha
ron, and Jones and the lesser million
aires — ar.d San Francisco itself?
But, fortunately. Nature was pa
tient. She's a mother herself, and
has all a mother's fertility in excuses
for her offspring.
So these two miners, whose names
■weren't < >!d Virginia and Comstpck.
located their claim in . and
then Comstock came galloping down
the ridge on his old mustang, his long
letrs brushing the sapebrui
rode. He — well. Godfather Comstock
•was rather bombastic in speech, and,
alas! that I should say it. he was ab
surdly ignorant and impudent, and he
actually bluffed the two miners into
' giving him a quarter interest in their
claim. Then he quietly jogged on
along the divide and down th-_
narrow Oold Hill and good naturedly
gave Old Virginia his mustang
token of good will, you know. All he
esked in exchange was ,-i worthless
one-tenth interest his old partner held
in that barren piece of sagebrush land
upon the ridge which had been used
as a stock rav.ge. What did Old Vir
ginia want of that desolate piece of
desolate Nevada?
Tf things that are equal to the same
thing are equal to each other, the
value of that old mustang should be
weighed against a palace in London
and another i:i Paris; a telegraph com
pany or two, a railroad line, a whole
■t of San Francisco, and the most
beautiful houses therein, and jewels,
gowns and expensive feminine f
without number. And still old Com-
Stock's mustang would go down, down,
while the accumulated wealth of half
a doz«n of the greatest fir.;
geniuses of the world has known would
be lifted heavenward.
But to return to our godfathers. Any
Comstocker would have preferred the
Grouch brothers; those heroic, intelli
gent, pioneer martyrs who really dis
covered the gr< and died, one
of blood poisoning in that rude cabin
of unhewn stones at the mouth of
American Flat Ravine, and the other
from the effects of that t'-rrible two
■weeks' journey over the Sierras in the
dead of winter, a hundred miles from
the last cabin in Nevada to the first
one in California.
But godfathers, like other fathers,
CONVEYING THE ENGINE AND STAMPMILL OF THE BATAPILAS MINE THREE HUNDRED MILES INTO THE HEART OF THE MOUNTAINS ON MULES.
By Miriam Mlechelson.
are not a matter of choice. And its
patrons being what they -were, what
can you expect of a town?
We have done some queer thlners, up
there on the side of Mount Davidson
!n Nevada. 6000 feet nfcove the level of
the sea. Inthoseold day:; when we had
outgrown our antlsllver stupidity and
no mure sought for paltry gold placer*
while ten feet below Belcher, Crown
Point and Yellow Jacket lay a rich
mass of solid quartz; in those freez
ing winters when we crept into tun
nels and dwelt there to escape the
Washoe zephyrs that tore, shrieking,
down the canyons, and the snow that
shrouded the town in white, Virginia
City was made up of frame shanties
pitched together as if by accident:
tents of canvas, of blankets, of brush,
of potato sacks, and old shirts, with
empty whisky barrels for chimneys;
smoking hovels of mud and si :
coyote holes in the hillsides forcibly
seized by men; pits ar.d shanties, with
smoke issuing from every crevice;
piles of goods and rubbish on craggy
points, in the hollows, on the rocks, in
the mud. on the snow — everywhere —
scattered broadcast in pellmell con
rusion, as if the clouds had suddenly
burst ovei I lown the
dregs of all the flimsy, rickety, filthy
novels and rubbish of merchan
dise that had ever undergone the pro
cess of evaporation from the earth
since the days of Noah. The intervals
of space, which may or may not have
been streets, were dotted ov.-r with
human beings of such sort, variety and
numbers that the famous anthills of
Africa were as nothing in comparison.
: y that they wore rough, muddy,
unkempt, and unwashed would be but
faintly expressive of their actual ap
pearance; they seemed to have caught
the diabolical tint and grime of the
whole place.
It must be admitted that we were
: men from Bodie" and "Tomb
stone terrors" in those days. We lolled
on gambling tables and in the saloons —
which, like the poor, we still have with
vs — and we swaggered and bullied and
murdered and robbed in our frank,
simple Comstock fashion. We hired
ourselves at $10 a day as "'fighting
men." and. dressed as miners, we
stepped on the cage and went under
ground to meet others like up:
down in the hot, dark, moist drifts we
fought like subterranean monsters for
the DOBB4 BSion of a mine. Our judges —
oh. our judges were so corrupt that
nine-tenths of the voting population of
the State (and everybody knows we
Nevadans are not prudes!) signed a pe
tition asking all Judges to resign.
Yes, it's all true. But look at the
other side of the account. Your Cali
fornia miner knew not one-thousandth
of the danger, the privation, that we
suffered. He ■washed out his pan of
rock on the borders of a limpid stream
in a climate that made out-door living
delightful. We had to blast and drill
and burrow; to work nearly naked in a
temperature of 175 degrees at times.
We went mad from the heat; we lost
our lives from fire, from water, from
falling, from horrible accidents to
machinery. We Starved, we Btlfled. We
spent our best years more than half a
mile below the surface of the earth. If
r>ur faults were great what adjective
will you use to describe our virtues?
The Comstock h;<s produced such
heroes as the world has not known
elsewhere. It has given birth and op
portunity to men of extraordnary
genius. We have taught the world
how to construct Comstork pumps that
lift 1.000.000 gallons of water a day;
ho-,v to build V flumes and carry water
twenty-five miles ncros« thirteen steep
gulches, every curve and every angle
of the road mapped and measured; we
hav> shown you how to dig a tunnel
more than six miles long, half a mile
below the earth's surface, and while
the famous Freiburg tunnel was ad
vancing twenty-six feet a month, our
Sutro tunnel went ahead one hundred
and five feet; we originated Hie most
marvelous system of timbering: we
built a vast underground city and peo
it with thousands of miners.
Everything we needed we had to in
vent. The world has never encountered
such difficulties before: bur we sur
mounted them. "Th^ Comatock system
of working ore bodies could no more
be improved upon," said a scientific en
gineer, "than the cells of a honey-bee."
We had to have the best, and if the
best that existed was not rood enough.
we Invented a better. 'Ry^the magic of
wealth allied to intellect we changed
tho old arrastra into a gigantic mill,
the thunder of whose crashing stamps
once filled the town with its noisy clat
ter.
Why, B year of Nevada life thnn was
equal to ten years of life elsewhere, in
opportunity for development, for
growth. Before the railroad was built
we spread blankets before the pack
burros feet that he might not sink into
the snow. We built roads that are un
rivaled in picturesqueness by the most
famous roads in the old world. The
tale can never be fully told of the
TITE SAX TItAXCISCO CALL, BUXDAY, JAXTJATIY 23, 1898.
giants who wrought in those
bonanza days.
Of course we were extravagant.
When we had money we spent it roy
ally. Why, San Francisco, half your
young men were directly or indirectly
supported by our mines. We used to
pay a dollar a pound for butter, for hay
$100 a ton. We paid our cooks $100 a
month. Our shovels cost $9 apiece. We
paid $1 a pound for freight. The best
your markets could produce was sent
up over the mountains and that crook
ed little railway to Virginia City. We
spent ten millions in litigation. It cost
us three-quarters of a million monthly
to pay wages in the mines. Our 20,000
people spent $900,000 a year for beer. It
took 61.200 pounds of quicksilver a
month for use in our mills. Two million
dollars was spent that Comstockers
might drink mountain water that Is the
purest, the sweetest draught that has
ever quenched man's thirst. We used
80.000,000 feet of lumber a year in tim
bering our mines. Once in 18fi3 we made
the trip between Sacramento and Vir
ginia City by stage in twelve hours and
twenty-three minutes. Steam and iron
do not accomplish as much nowadays,
over the Fame route.
But everybody was a millionaire, or
expected to be one. in those days. All
one had to do was to buy a mine, like
Con. Virginia say. The Big Bonanza
could have been nought for $40,000, but
it took nearly $mn.oor». in three years
it produced ?10f..000.000. Or if you
hadn't quite $100. noa to invest, it was
almost as profitable and ten times as
Interesting to buy Crown Point at $2 a
share and watch it sail up to $1^2"; or
Belcher at $1 CO a share and sell at
11525 a share.
Silver was king In those days when
the heart of the Comstock was struck,
and a cubic chamber ten feet on edge
was exposed, glittering with stephanite,
with the finest chlorides and the richest
black snlphurets.
"The pcene within this Imperial treas
ure house was a stirring sight. Cribs
of timber were piled in successive
stages from basement to dome, 400 feet
■-. and everywhere were men at
work in changing shifts, descending
and aso-nding in the crowded cacr-'?.
clambering up to their assigned stopes
with swinging lanterns or flickering
candles, picking and drilling the crum
bling ore or pushing lines of loaded
cars to the stations on the shaft.
Flashes of explodiner powder were blaz
ing from the rent faces of the stopes;
- ..f gas and smoke filled the con
necting drifts: muffled roars echoed
along the dark galleries; and at nil
hours a hail of rock fragments might
be heard rattling on the floor of a level
and massive lumps of ore falling heav
ily on th<> slanting pile at the foot of
th*" 1 breast.*"
The total valuation of nil th» mines
on the Comstock lode at that time was
nearly $400,000,000.
Now — well, now the Comstock Is In
borrasca. But the ppirit of the Com
stock is as sanguine, as uhconquered as
ever. Old Comstock»rs will tell you
that forty years ago the "bears" de
clared Nevada a "played-out" country.
th« richest treasure In the world
lav at their very feet. Tn that queer
little, clantine city which circles Mount
Davidson, blessed vith the most glor
ious climate, air which Is like ether-.-.1
iz---d champaene. there are undismayed
old miners whose hopes phine as stead
fastly as the stars that bespangle the
these dark, cold winter nights.
They know that the Comstock In her
old snendthrlft days threw away
enough to make a flourishing mining
camp of 'o7 or '98. They are firm in
their belief that. In t'.me. f»r>me way will
be discovered of working the ol " I
ines. They have faith in the old 1od».
They hone for the re-openlng of old
levels. They are ready to declare for
the Brunswick l^dgo.
They will never admit that the Com
stock is dead.
GOLD YIELD
of the
PACIFIC COAST.
By Thomas Price.
IT is estimated that at the time of the
discovery of kolu in California, on
January M, IS4S. the total gold avail
able in the whole world was not
more than five thousand millions of
dollars.
In the sixteenth century, from 1453 to
1600, the gross gold product for tho 103
years amounted to $601^93,337, which is
an annual production of $4 ,64."., 307.
During the seventeenth century the to
tal gold product of the whole world was
$606,314,508, an average of $6,063,000 per an-
num.
In ' the eighteenth century the gold
product was $1,262,800,400, the annual
average being f12.62fc.0C4.
In the nineteenth century, from liOl to
the end of 1547, the annual average pro
duction of gold in the whole world was a
little over $11,000,000. From 1543 to 1860
Inclusive the annual gold production for
the whole world averaged the enormous
total of in round numbers. $134,000,000.
During this same period the average an
nual production of California was not
less than $61,000,000.
Up to the year :■• the gross gold prod
uct of California was fully $1,400,000,000.
being an average annual production of
$28 000.000 since the discovery of gold In
this State in IS4S. ;*./■:. - ... ,
.The maximum gold yield In California
for any one year was $50,000.000, and the
minimum $11,000,000, this decline follow
ing on the cessation of hydraulic mining.
During the past four years, however,
under the wise administration of the
United States Mining Commissioners,
hydraulic mining is on the increase, and
this, with the renewed interest in gravel
and quartz mining, has resulted in a
gradual increase in our production of
gold. When the figures for 1597 are all
in we will doubtless find that our pro
duction for that year was not less than
$18,000,000.  , _ ...
The discovery of gold In California was
not only important on account of the rich
harvest which followed in this State, but
also on account of the stimulus which it
gave to the search for gold throughout
the whole world. Even the long neglect
ed and almost forgotten gold mines of
Great Britain were reopened as a result
of this stimulus, and they are producing
some gold even down to the present time.
The most Important result which flowed
from this however, was the discovery
on the Australian continent, where the
results from placer mining have exceeded
those of our own State, and even in
quartz mining they are pressing us hard
for supremacy.
It was our own hardy forty-niners"
who in the search for gold in other lo
calities, discovered the great Comstock
lode, which has yielded its $400,000,000. 45
per cent of which, it must not be for
gotten, was in gold.
These same hardy prospectors trav
ersed every foot of Nevada, and to their
energy is due the enormous silver dis
coveries In Pioche, Eureka and other dis
tricts At Eureka, too. they solved for
the world" a new problem in metallurgy—
the economical treatment of low-grade
lead ores. . , : „ ■
These resolute miners spread still far
ther out and invaded Utah. Montana.
Idaho and Colorado, with results which
are part of the world's history. In these
remote regions they did not find it is
true, the golden nugget of California, but
found the precious metals combined with
baser Ingredients, and to separate these
has been productive of an enormous ac
tivity among the Brightest scientific and
mechanical minds of the world.
As a suit of all this pioneering the
gross gold product of the United States
for the past year was not less than $55,
000 000 It must be remembered, too, tnat
tne skill and experience of the California
miner has been extensively utilized in the
gold velds of South Africa, and that the
Transvaal, for the area mined, is the
largest gold producer in the world.
Taken as a whole the gross gold pro
duction of the world during IM*7 was fully
J2CO 000 000. and it Is safe to predict tnat
by the end of the century the annual
yield will be quite $.".00,000,000. ..><•'..•
" Even those figures may be largely ex
ceeded if the recent discoveries in Alaska
fulfill anything like the expectations
built upon them. The miner whose ex
perience has been confined to California
will find many new difficulties to meet
and overcome in inhospitable Alaska,
There will be frozen ground to blast and
only Ice for sluicing purposes during at
least nine months of the year.
California, despite the fact that it has
been mined for half a century, has really
tteen prospected only in part, and It
stands still unrivaled in extent of gold
bearing area and facilities for economi
cal mining— facts which should be remem
bered by those who are casting yearning
glances toward Alaska.
MONKEYS AS COLD-FINDERS.
Captain F-. Moss of the Transvaal
tells the following Btory of the monkeys
who work for him in the mines:
"I have twenty-four monkeys," said
he, "employed about my mines. They
do the work of seven able-bodied men.
In many instances they lend valuable
aid where a man is useless. They
gather up the small pieces of quartz
would be passed unnoticed by the
workingmen, and pile them up in lit
tle heaps that can easily be gathered
up in a shovel and thrown into a mill.
They work just as they please, some
going down into the mines when
they have cleared up all the debris on
the outside. They live and work to
gether without quarreling any more
than men do. They are quite method
ical in their habits, and go to work and
finish up in the same manner as hu
man beings would do under similar cir
cumstances. It is very interesting to
l i them at their labor, and see how
ally they look after every detail
of the work they attempt. They clean
up about the mines, follow the wheel
barrows and carts used in mining, and
pick up everything that falls ofl on tha
way."
HUNTING FOR LOST
MINES IN MEXICO
FOR many years Mexico has
been one of the great silver
producing countries of the world
and has also contributed her
proportion of gold, copper and
lead. But notwithstanding all this the
possibilities and opportunities of that
land are less understood and appre
ciated than those of any other mineral
bearing country. Mexico has opportu
nities, and those too In abundance, for
men of brains, energy and means.
The mineral wealth of Mexico- is quite
an unknown quantity, and it is safe to
say that for the number of mining ven
tures for that country as compared to
those of California, Nevada or Colo
rado — Mexico can show a larger
percentage of successes than could be
scored by either of the above-named
States.
For some cause American capital has
fought shy of Mexico as a field for in-
vestments, and has given as an excuse,
first, that the laws do not afford ade
quate protection for either life. or prop
erty: and, second, that transportation
facilities are insufficient.
The first of these objections Is unwar
ranted, while the Becond must be ad
mitted.
In Mexico the miner. Instead of mak
ing a location as he does in the United
States, makes a "denouncement" which
to all intents and purposes is the same
thing, and he secures possessory title
to the land desired by filing an appli
cation with the proper official,
causes a survey to be made and records
the same.
The Government Imposes an annual
tax of $10 for each "pertinentia," which
is a block of ground 300 f-^et square.
At any time after making the "de
nouncement" the prospector is at lib
erty to commence developing his prop
erty: but the mining laws of the coun
try d"> not permit him either to reduce
br ship away the ores extracted from
the ground until he has first procured a
patent from the Interior Department at
the City of Mexico.
Under what was known as the old
mining laws of Mexico, it was neces
sary to employ two men for at least
twenty-six weeks of each year upon
the property; but under the new law,
the enforced labor clause has been re
pealed and a tax of $10 for each "per
tinentia" per annum has been substi
tuted. This includes both '•denounce
ments" and patent locations, without
regard to the number of ■•pertineotias"
that are held by the Individual or com
pany.
This is not quite all, for the Govern
ment still exacts an extraction tax.
which is an amOunt equal to about 5
per cent of the gross product, payable
in silver. It is this last named tax that
has been much exaggerated throughout
this country, and has given many the
Impression that the Mexican Govern
ment was disposed to impose unreason
able and unjust taxes upon foreigners
operating mines within her borders.
On the contrary, a large majority of
Americans who are engaged in mining
in Mexico, while not disloyal to their
own country would assure the inquirer
that the mining laws of Mexico are
preferable to those of the United States.
The prospector in Mexico is allowed
more latitude than there in our own
States, as no private land holder can
deny him the privilege of entering and
prospecting under certain regulations
to suit the case. As, for instance, if a
prospector enter the field of a farmer
to prospect for mineral bearing rock
or placer diggings, he is not permitted
to sink more than thirty feet, which ex'
cavation he 'is compelled to refill if the
project is abandoned. But on the other
hand, if the discovery warrants the
purchase, and the prospector and farm
er fail to agree upon the price of the
land, then the Judge of the district, as
sisted by two citizens, who are chosen
to represent the parties to the transac
tion, appraise its value. For It is writ
ten that the farmer must sell to the
miner such lands as he wishes for min
ing purposes. The same law applies to
timber, water rights and mill sites.
One of the interesting features of
mining in Mexico of recent years has
been the reopening: of the old .'iKin
doned mines of the Spanish padres,
Many of these have developed Into the
most valuable properties of the coun
try.
Under the padre system the mir.eg
were operated by Mexican and Indian
peons and generally worked to a water
level, with pillars of ore left standing
to support the ground.
The ores were then reduced by either
arastras, patios or small adobe furnaces.
Which process was very slow, and the
gold and silver bullion produced was
then exported by the Spanish masters
to Europe, leaving the yawning exca
vations, the church records and an
impoverished people as Mexico's share
of the profits.
After freeing themselves from the
rule of Spain, the Mexicans nnd In
dians of the country turned their at
tention to the pillars of ore left by
their former rulers, and these for years
furnished them occupation. They hav
ing in a degree benefited by their ex
perience with the foreigner, reduced
their ores by the same slow metallurgi
cal process.
Mexico is a Plow country In
which to do business. and to
attempt to op<^n a mine there
and supply it with a milling plant
is an undertaking calculated to try the
patience of Job.
Mule trails constitute the ronds and
highways, and instead of the freight
wagons and prairie schooners of the
Urit^d States, the Mexican freighter
utilizes the "hurricane deck" of a
Mexican burro, and with tht^se little
beasts of burden all freight and sup
plies are transported throughout the
interior mining country.
An American in this country would
hesitate to carry a large quartz mill
from San Francisco to Grass Valley, or
to the Siskiyous with a pack train, but
a Mexican provided with a sufficient
number of burros, a little parched corn
and a stock of cigarettes will wade into
the transportation business and land
the mill In due course of time.
A good example of this is the Bata
pilas mill of sixty stamps and steam
plant that was packed in sections for
300 miles through the Sierra Madre
Mountains.
Placer mining has received less at
tention in Mexico than other branches
of the mining industry. This is mainly
due to the scarcity of water. There are
in various sections large placer fields
that would yield fortunes if water
could be obtained, in the absence of
which the natives work the richer
places by the process of "dry washing."
Prospecting by the foreigner has been
chiefly confined to the old abandoned
mines, which at best is rather a blind
undertaking, as the "ancients" (as they
ara called) seem to have prospected
the country very thoroughly. In most
Instances they succeeded in working
out the surface ground, so that the in
dications to which the latter-day miner
pins his faith are the old depressions,
together with the dumps, by the size of
which he calculates how extensively
the old mining had been carried on.
The old arastra beds and slag piles
from the primitive adobe smelters are
also figured upon as something to as-
Bist in their calculations.
Owing to the methods of milling and
smelting then in vogue the Spaniards
and natives assorted the high-grade
ores from those of lesser value, leaving
the second grade or refuse on the
dumps.
Many of these second-grade dumps
have been discovered which contain
thousands of tons of ore that can be
handled at a profit with modern milling
and concentrating machinery.
The time is coming and that speed
ily when the crude mining methods pre
vailing in our sister republic will have
become a thing of the past. Railroads
will connect her isolated mining camps
with the outside world, and Mexican
mining centers will have been estab
lished, which will rival Virginia City,
Butte and Denver. Q. W. G.
2122
SOCIETY
THE great event of the past week
was the magnificent ball given on
Thursday evening by Mr. and
Mrs. Antoine Bore! compliment
jj> ary to their debutante daughters,
the Misses Grace and Alice Borel.
The dance was. without exception, the
most elaborate private function of the
season. Society \v;<s well represented at
the gathering, and it Is estimated that
there were more than 800 dancers on the
floor.
A big dance underlined for this week
Is the second meeting of the popular Cin
derellas, to be held on Wednesday even-
Ing, the 26th. The club will meet, as here
tofore, at Native Sons' Hall. Outside of
the Cinderella dance, all entertaining
during the week of jubilee will be kept
within the bounds of small gatherings
either at luncheons, dinners or teas.
Of course, many visitors from the in
terior will be entertained extensively, but
as yet no detinite plans have been an
nounced.
February promises brilliantly as far as
entertaining goes. Three big dances have
already been announced— the Murphy
fancy dress cotillon at the Palace, the
ball to be given by Mr. and Mrs. C. de
Guigne at the Parrott residence and the
■Whittier dinner dance. Other minor en
tertainments are also being looked for
ward to.
Owing to a confusion of dates between
the Friday Fortnightly and the Friday
Night dubs, due to the postponement of
one of the cotillona of the latter club,
the last meeting of the Friday Fortnight
ly will tx ■ evening
ruary 10, at Golden Gate Hall. This will
be the army and navy cotillon, and will
be under the leadership of the army of
ficers. At midnight a lig i will
be b< rved . and th< i dancing w
sumed until 1 o'clock. This army and navy
dance gives pron g all of the
many highly bui i essful . fforta of the club
during this
The Beecher drawing-room lectures,
which were Interrupted by the holidays,
w< re resumed Thursday at 3 p. m. at tlv
Century Club Hall, 1215 Sutter street.
They will be continued every other
Thursday, alternating afternoonandi
Ing. Among ih<- patronesses >>f these In
■ : Mrs. John Swift.
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, Mrs. G
Oulton. Mrs. Ira Plerc< . Mrs. Cyrus Wal
ker. Mrs-. Lovell White. Mrs. Austin Sper
ry, Mrs. Charles J. Durbrow, Mrs. I'hilo
D. Jewett. Mrs. W. K. Davenport, Mrs.
James Tread well, Miss Ella Adams, Mrs.
J. Dalgall Brown, Mrs. J. H. Swift. Mrs.
Garret McEnerney, Mrs. Jenks Nesmith,
Mrs. F. I. Stadtmuller, Mrs. Mci.ran
Martin. Mrs. Cumin Clark. Mr-. ML
I 'avis, Miss Flora Sherman. Mrs. 1.. C.
Lane. Mr?. F. (i. Banborn, Mtb. J. K. C
Hobbs, Mrs. W. J. Bomers. Mrs. E. Mills,
Mrs. A. P. Stanton, Mrs. W. J. Bartnett,
Mrs. P. X. LJHenthal, Mrs. J. V. Hunter,
Mrs. M. J. Waldenheimer, Mrs. Trui -
Mrs. Belghle. Mrs. N. Agard, Mrs. Nlles
Searls, Mrs. Milton Andros, Mrs. Milton
"Wheaton, Mrs. I. LOW 4 nberg, Mrs. M. K.
Frlek. Mrs. Wheeler, Mrs. A. E. Morri
eon. Mrs. Louis Slnss. Mrs. N. S. Thomp.
inn, Mrs. Phebe Herfrst, Mrs. L. L. Baker
and Mrs. P. D. Armour.
The N. S. 1.. K. 10 held their eighth
anniversary reception on Friday evening,
January 14, at Sherman. Clay &
Hall. The affair was a most brilliant,
enjoyable and successful <>r;«-. Beventy
five coupler -•-nt. The stage and
hall were decorated with ferns and palms.
I • F. Halght acted as floor director,
Essist--d !•> Fred <;. Gautner, A. H
Meussdorffer, Fnd T. Martens, l!>rm:in
H. Herzer, Henry A. Whitley, Jam. ■ i.
Whitney and Sanford <;. L.wald. Among
those present were: Miss Leah B.
Miss Emma Prosek, .Miss Maud D. Haas.
Miss F.-lice KingSford, Miss Eli/.
Kavanagh. Miss Nellie G. Martland. Miss
Clara Hall, Miss Belle Rapp, Miss Grace
Critcher, Miss Susie Vincent, Miss Belle
Hemmenway, Miss Wainwright, Miss
Mlzpah Friederichs, Miss I^ouise Hoel-
Bcher, Miss Frieda Pockwiiz, Miss Ger
trude Benjamin, Miss Kate Byii
Miss Mabel Phillips. Miss Marie Babin,
Miss Sophie Schilling. Miss Hose Swee
ney, Miss May Sullivan, Miss Uose Hem
menway, Miss Alberta Gruenhagen, Mr.
end Mrs. Geortre \V. Lipman, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Tittel, Mr. and Mrs. James
P. Whitney, Dr. T. J. Frazer, Randal
Phillips, Henry P. T'mbsen. Dr. Likens,
Merrltt Robinson, Harold Warwick, Wil
liam Hooke, Dave Wis,'. Paul Westerfeld,
John Rapp. George P. rooks. Dr. Hals ted,
Dr. Burnham, <>. M. Howard, .his.ju
Gould, Wallace Alexander, Henry E. Car
ter, Oscar Meussdorffer, Louis Aitken,
Fred A. Wieland, William F. Sawyer,
Henry Jurs. Dr. Sylvester. Lewis Kying
ton, Clarence Musto, Joseph Emanuel.
Joseph Mattoon, Joseph F. Poheira and
Hugo Poheim.
Eotre Nous Cotillion will give its next
assembly and german on next Friday
evening, January 28, at the Palace Hotel.
A number oi pretty figures of the ger
man will be given.
Jhe\jVe Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Pearl Mendillowitz of Oakland and J. E.
Cohn of Berkeley .
The engagement of Miss Edna E. Lovell
and Harry S. Bcott is announced. Miss
Loveil is the daughter of Captain A. I.
Lovell of Berkeley.
The i ngagement of Miss Cora Isabella
Fedf-r, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Feder, and Jacques Mayer of New York
Is announced.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Stella Hamburger of this city and Harry
Marks, formerly of Oroville. They will
receive Sunday, January 30, from 2 to 5.
Weddir\g Bells.
Mlsb Mabelle J. King, youngest daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. King of 64 Palmer
Btreet, this city, was married to Richard '
Kirman of Virginia City, N'ev., at the
home of the bride Wednesday evening at
9 o'clock, Rev. 11. W. Reynolds, pastor of
Holly Park Presbyterian Church, officiat
ing. Andrew Harrlgau was best man,
and Miss Emma Rehroeter bridesmaid. It
was a very pretty home wedding. Only
relatives and dose friends were present.
Mr. and Mrs. Kirman will reside in Vir
ginia City, New
Homz Qatherirxgs.
A delightful mupicale was given by Mrs.
C. F. Hulman at the Colonial last Thurs
day evening. The reception hall and par
lor were tastefully arranged for the oc
casion and the guests of the house and a
number of Invited friends assembled bo
listen to the following ••.•■ngramme: Duet.
"1 Live and Love T. (Campana), Mr.
Dodds and Mr. Pranl < »n the Water"
(Schubert), Mrs. C. ■' Holman; recita
tion, "The Mountebank" (Price), Mr.
Beebe; "We Meet Above" (Lieb»t, Mr.
Dodds; (a) Nocturne (Raff). (b> Berceuse
(Schutt), Miss May Sinsheimer; "Cupid's
Flowerer" (dedicated to Mr. Wilkiei, J.
C. Walling; "Evening Bong" (Blutnen
thal), Alfred Wilkie; duet, "Sunset" (Ste
phen C. Massett). Mr. Wilkie and Mrs.
Holman; recitation. "Guido Ferranta,"
Miss Olive Snider; "Break, Break
Break!" (Geibel). Mr. Franklin: "River
Bong" (Nell Connor), Miss Snider; "Am'/"
(Tito Mattel). Alfred Wilkie; piano solo,
"Humoreske" (Moszkowski;, Miss Sins
heimer.
Miss Ethel Wilcox gave her young
friends and schoolmates a party at the
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
'Wilcox, 3 Lexington avenue, on Tuesday
evening, January 11. The evening was
most pleasantly spent in music, dancing
and games. The following Misses were
present: May R^ardon, Eiia Gordon,
Blanche Cousins, Marguerite Powers,
Lilile Rus'ie. May O'Hara, May Green.
Gertie Green. Ethel Walter. Irene Waller.
Bessie Harrison, Gertie Fog/arty, Irene
Zeiner, Gertie Zeiner, Mary Caldom. May
Gordon, Leah Coyette. Kate Carey, Nonle
Bhindler.
The Misses Maunder gave a delightful
"at home" at their residence, X 233 Lom
bard street, on the evening of Friday,
the 14th met. The affair waa in honor of
G. Morey, and pave the guests assembled
an opportunity to listen to his wonderful
playing on the banjo and mandolin. Mr.
Rus?s entertained with sweet Spanish airs
on the guitar. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. C. French, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Morey, Mr. and Mrs. Maunder, Mr. and
.Mrs. L. "H. Cox. Mr. and Mrs. C. Engel,
Misses Tillie and Katie Lundblade, Miss
Clara Brown, Misses Florence, Alice and
Edith Maunder,- Charles F. Boyd. Ray
Brown. Mr. Ross and J. R. Mclsaac
On the afternoon and evening of Janu
ary 8, Miss Lillie Becker entertained sev
eral of her young friends at her home,
42 Elgin Park.
Singing, dancing, games and music were
the principal features of the affair.
Among those present were: Miss Lillie
H. Becker, Miss Dora Irene Colver, Miss
Minnie Huber, Miss Elizabeth Manson,
Miss Pauline Lila Utschitr, Miss Clara
Weber, Miss Christina Klaas, Miss TUllo
Schmit, Miss Marie Meyer, Miss Little
ciarike and Master William and Edward
Becker. *
Mrs. A. Clay entertained the members
of the Meyerinck last Monday evening at
her residence on Butter street. Quite an
elaborate programme of music was ren-
red by the chorus under th" leadership
of Mrs. Anna yon Meyerinck and the fol
lowing soloists— members of the club: Miss
Grace Davis, Miss Decker, Mrs. Fay,
Bradley .Smith. Mr. Cutrell and the host
ess. Charles Mayer played the zither
charmingly, while the singing of Miss
Spencer and the recitations of Mr. de La
saur and Mr. Perry were highly appre
ciated. Dancing concluded a most en
joyable evening.
Last week, at the home of Mrs. F. Day,
BOBi£ Greenwich street, a delightful party
was tendered Mr. Madsen, prior to his
departure for Fresno.
After supper the guests returned to the
pr>tti!y decorated parlors where games
and dancing were participated in until a
late hour.
Among those present were: Miss Day,
Mr. and Mis. Madsen, Mr. and Mrs dea
ler, Mr. and Mrs. Schneider, Mr. and Mrs.
K'.inker, Mr. Thomas, Mrs. Echersen, Mr.
Williams, MISS Ruff, Miss Ethel Day and
Mr. Roy ton.
A very enjoyable birthday surprise par
ty vims tendered to HIM i'nrr|p Candage,
at her residence, 137 A Thirteenth street,
fin Saturday evening, January 8. The
evening was spent in both vocal and in
strumental music, games and dancing. At
midnight a sumptuous repast was served.
Among those present were Miss Eunice
Janes. Miss Daisy Jeffries. Miss Nellie
Corbett. Miss Mina Munch, Miss Lilie
li'heinann. Miss Carrie Candage, Miss
Dora Jngens, Miss ICUIy Candage. Miss
Bessie CaMahan, Miss Agnes lU-nneberry,
Mrs. Candage, Miss Oeorgle Candage,
Miss Aimee Van Winkle.
A nnost charming affair of the week
was a violet luneneon Riven by Mrs.
Frank L., Bird. Thursday afternoon. In
honor of her young friends. Mis.-, Char
lotte Frier and Miss Rachel Best Oj
meda. Mips Bessie G. Marks. Miss Ella
M< T'ermott and Miss iCllen Margery
M.irks. of this city. The table was beau
tifully decorated with violets and a dainty
menu served.
Glvib parties.
The Misses Theresa and Lily Sherwood,
assisted bytheir pupils, who constitute tho
Neapolitan Mandolin and Guitar Club, gave
a most entertaining concert on Thursday
evening at the Association Auditorium.
A large and appreciative, audience en-
Joyed the following programme: Over
ture, "Enchantment" (Hermann), Nea
politan Mandolin and Guitar Club; vocal
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAIX, STTXDAY, JANITART 23, 1898.
solo. (a) "Visions" (Hardelon. fb)
"Thine" fChaminade). (c) "Were I Gard
ner" (Chaminad< I, Mrs. Eva Tenney;
piano solo, "SpinnMed" t \\;ttrt!er-Liszt),
Koscoe Warren Lucy; selection, "The
Water Lily" (Abt), California Male
Quartet; selection, "Wang" (Morse),
Neapolitan Mandolin and Guitar Club:
vocal solo, "Delight" (Luckstone), Mrs.
Eva Tenney; mandolin and guitar duet,
"Lucia de Lammermoor" (Donisettl), the
MlSises Theresa and Lily Sherwood; se
lection. 'She Is Mine" (Buck). California
Male Quartet; waltz, "The Sea Fairies"
(Preston), Neapolitan Mandolin and
Guitar Club.
The ladies of Mizpah Charity Club held
their annual luncheon at 1 o'clock on Jan
uary 17, in the ilubrooms. Ifi24 O'Farrell
street. The rooms were beautifully lec
oratc-d for the occasion. After an hour
spent at the table the business meeting
was called to order, and the very satis-
Cactory reports of secretaries and treas
urer read showing a prosperous condi
tion of the club for the year just close. l.
Following came th-- election of oftic ers,
who, with one exception, the treasurer,
were re-elected for th' ensuing
Mrs. A. C. Rulofson, president; Mrs 11.
Newell, vice-president; Mrs. George
rt, recording secretary; Miss l.
K:ii<>'t, corresponding secretary, and Mrs.
K. C. Auld, treasurer.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Western Addition Literary and Social
Club was held on Wednesday evening, at
Native Sons' Hall. An unusual excellent
musical and literary programme was foi
[owi •'. by dancing. The programme In full
for 1 1 1 • - evening was <is follows: Overture,
tra, dialogue, "King Edward and
Earl of Warwick," Harry E. de Lasaux;
vocal culture (unattached),. Dr. J. P. Mc-
Carthy; soprano solo, "Polacca Mignon"
(Thomas), Miss Lily Boeder; selection.
Militia Male Quartet — D. M. Lawrence,
first tenor. Horace Rushby, second ten
or; R. S. Rex, first bass; A. C. Mora,
second bass. "Dream Faces." olay in
one act, by Wynn Miller, cast— Robert.
Arthur W. Jones; Philip, William M.
Ogilvle; Lucy, . .ss Zlllab M. Coonley;
Margaret, Miss Elsie A. Duncan.
The onenlng and dedication of the new
home of Aqua Dura Social Club was held
on Saturday evening, January 22 at
136 McAllister street, between Larkin and
Polk. The affair was a uelightful success.
The members and associate members
of the Bketcti <"lub held a Chinese •
their rooms, 723 Sutter street, Saturday,
January 22.
Del Jvionte.
DEL MONTH. Jan. 22.— This resort has
been most attractive during the past
week, for, since the rai?is. everything
run of d.Kirs baa assumed a sprlng-iike
appearance nn<l bloum. The always I
tifui grounds arc growing More beautiful,
as the effects of the recent frosts are.
w< aring or being out away by the small
army of gardeners kept constantly busy
about the place, and the guests from the
frozen East I annot believe themselves in
the midst of January when they se» the
blossoms and feel the soft sunshiny
Monterey air.
Some notable people are here this week.
Ulysses B, Grant Jr. of San Diego arrived
Wednesday afternoon for a week's stay.
He was accompanied by Mrs. Grant arid
IfUn s. M. Potter. The party are spend
ing the greater part of their visit in driv
ing about Monterey and vicinity, seeing
In a leisurely way all the show places of
Interest tor miles around.
John C. Wharton of Omaha, director
general of tho Trans-Mississippi Exposi
tion, was also one of tha week's visitors
here. He and Mr*. TVharton returned to
San Francis* n Tuee
Nathan Rohr and the Misses Rohr are
here from Baltimore, Md. They will re
main some time.
The excursion party of Pennsylvania
people who were t<> arrive here on the
19th for a week's stay have heen de
layed, and the time <>f their arrival has
not been definitely ascertained by the ho
tel management.
Several shooting trips were enjoyed by
the sportsmen here during the w.-ek.
Head Clerk Junker, who Is an enthusias
tic sportsman, and Charles Knapp of
Pennsylvania were the leading spirits in
these 'jaunrs, and consequently the most
successful huntsmen. An all-day trip on
Thursday resulted In a fine array of
birds, and the game supper that followed
wus an event to be remembered by the
participants.
Some of the weeks arrivals are: W. B.
Glafke and wife, Portland. Or.; Mrs. O - a
o.ir Woodhaus, Santa Cruz; Miss Van
Beuren. Miss C. J- Van Beuren. C. T.
Rittenhous<\ New York City; Robert L.
Coleman, San Frajicisco; John C. Whar
ton and wife, Omaha: R. K. Cooper and
wife, Victoria, B. C. : Miss E. A. Bonnell.
New York Nathan Rohr. Miss Helen
Rohr. Miss Louise Rohr, Baltimore, Md.;
J. Strand. Burlington, Iowa; William T.
Muir and wife, Portland, Or.; Mr. and
Mrs. Payne, British Columbia; Francis
E. Brewater, Philadelphia; F. B. Bertln
nnd wif»*. N> v. Haven, Cnnn.; E. J. Duff
and wife, Denver. Colo.; George \v.
Weeks. Clinton, Mass.: Frank Trumbull,
Denver; J. Golinaky ::n<l wife, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs." J. Collner, St. Peters-
burg. Pa.; Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Klpp,
Milwaukee, Wls.: I. S. Grant Jr. and
Wife, Bfiss S. M. Potter. Ban I>iego; Mrs.
Robert L>. Hall, Denver; Miss S. H. Duff.
Boston; H. a. Re.irield and wife. Oak
land; Thomas Costigan and wife, New-
York.
Gororvado.
CORONADO, Jan. 22.— One of the pleas
antest affairs of the early season was the
tournament at the Coronado golf links on
Saturday. A large number of society peo
ple from both sides of the bay were pres
ent and two tally-hos were ailed with
interested spectators, who followed the
players over the greens. The medals
were won by Miss Mildred Ludlum of Ban
Diego and \\ . H. Dupee of Chicago. A
pretty dance was riven at the hotel on
Saturday evening, the guests of the house
Including many residents of Eastern
cities, a goodly number of San Francis
cans and officers from the Government
ships were present. Dancing to the allur
ing strains of the orchestra was contin
ued until a late hour.
Mrs. W. L. Parotte is here from Chi
cago.
, A reception was tendered Dr. and Mrs.
Douglas F. Forrest by the ladies' guild
o| Christ Church, at the home of . ->lrs.
and Miss X rby, on Thursday evening.
' E. S. Kinney and V. D. Williamson
are here from Spokane. Wash.
The officers of.the United States steam
ship Alert were visitors at the hotel this
week. v^OMMIBMMMP
Miss Stackpole of -Boston .made the
highest score In Friday evening's bowling
contest, not only wresting the laurels
from the other ladies, but excelling the
gentlemen who entered the game.
Messrs. F. W. Abbott and H. R. Gam
ble, of St. Louis, who are on the coast
to bid on the San Pedro harbor work, are
staying at the hotel, accompanied by Mrs.
Abbott. and Mrs. Gamble.
< Mr.. and Mrs. P. M. Vandllngr, Theodore
Vandllng, Marjory Vandiina and Mrs. J.
D. Yon Stott of Scranton. Pa., are oc
cupying a suite here.
Mrs. M. Sabine of Syracuse, N. V., en
tertained with a dinner at Hotel del
< 'orunado on Saturday evening. The
guests were Major H. A. Bartlett of the.
United States marine corps, and Mrs.
BartU.tt, Lieutenant-Commander C. P.
1' rkins of the Monadnock, and Mrs. Per
kins, Mr. and Mrs. John Markie. New
York; Mr. and Mrs. William L. Davia,
Denver: Mrs. J. Uhler Hastings, San
Francisco, and W. H. Dupee, Chicago.
The table decorations were red roses and
smilax.
Mr. and Mrs. Deming Jarvls of Detroit
are here again to pass the winter, and
are accompanied this year by Mr. and
Mrs. H. E. Gregory of the same city.
At progressive hearts on Monday even
ing Major Bartlett, of the United States
marine corps, won the gentlemen's first
prize and ex-Governor Altgeld of Illinois
the booby prize.
A private car party, including Mr. and
Mrs. J. N. Beckwith, Walter Beckwith.
John S. Wright and Mr. and Mrs. B. E.
Chase were here early In the week from
Rochester. N. Y. Mr. Beckwith is presi
dent of the Randsburg railway.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. J. Abram. Louisville.
Ky., are enjoying life at the hotel.
J. S. W. Cowles and Miss Mary F.
Cowlea nrp visitors from Cleveland. Ohio.
Miss Phelps of Denver is passing the
season with ex-Oeveraor Baxter's family
at their home on the Beach.
T. B. Bassett, Redwood City, was a
recent visitor here.
A tallyho party from the hotel visited
Olivewood on Tuesday.
\ game of water polo was the excite
ment par excellence on Tuesday evening.
The Red Caps of Coronado playing
against the Black Caps from across the
bay and defeating them. Something over
a hundred spectators witnessed the con
ind listened to selections by the
hotel orchestra
A series of tableaux will be given at the
hotel early in February for the benefit
of the Coronado Beach Library.
Mis. A. M. Sheldon, Boston, arrived on
Wednesday and will again pass the win
ter ;it the hotel.
Among the prominent San Franciscans
at the hotel are Mrs. I. M. Rothschild
and Mrs. Edward Rothschild, accompan
ied by Miss Irma T. Rothschild of Lon
don.
Ex-Governor Georpe W. Baxter of Wy
oming has leased the Wade residence.
"Casa Abra," for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Baldwin. New
Haven, Conn.. Dr. and Mrs. Morton Grin
nell and Mrs. Alvarez. New York, ar
rived at the hotel on Wednesday In Mr.
Baldwin's private car and will pass the
winter here.
John Corllse, Mrs. B. H. Corllse and Miss
Corlise, Gloucester, Mass., are guests at
the hotel.
Miss S. S. Crocker, the- artist, gave a
charming 1 "studio reception" on Thurs
day.
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Hinman of Dunkirk.
X. V., and their daughter. Miss Blanche
Hinman, arrived on Sunday for their
fourth season at Hotel del Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Carvalho are here
fr<>ni New York city.
Mrs. Webster Jones and Miss Gertrude
Fonnan <>f San Francisco are here for the
midwinter s.-:ipnn.
Mr. an<l Mrs. Henry Lees, Plymouth. N.
H.. are recent arrivals.
Mr. and Mrs. C. McC. Reeve, accom
panied by Miss Anna Christian, arrived
the pi!st week :iP'l will winter at the
hotel. Mr. and Mrs. Reeve were guests
here last season.
J'asaderva.
PASADENA, Jan. 22.— The afternoon
progressive he_ tl party rtven recently
ty Mrs. Charles Burton St-oville of Or
afiße Qtot« avenue, in honor of h^r nis-
Urn Misses Dodworth, was highly
enjoyed by mtmlxrs of the 400 of the
city, t'pon entering the handsome home
ench Kliest whs «iv.-n a bur.eh of Calif'^r
nia violets and a card bearing the num
ber of the table at which she was to
play. Th»' Iflssea Dodwortb helped Mrs.
Scoville in the reception of the guests.
Mrs. J. Grant I.yman made the highest
■core, for Which she was awarded a prize
in the form of a. handsome bon-bon box.
Mrs. I. H. Winslow an.! Miss Ada Story
succeeded In petting the lowest nutnb-r
of hearts. They cut for prizes. Miss
Btory winning first prize, a silver mount
•.i cut glass powder box. Mrs. Winslow
won a silver glove darner. The refresh
ments were very elaborate.
Senator George A. Barker celebrated
his birthday In company with a number
NEW TO-DAY.
44444-44444-4-44-r ."• 4 44- 4 4 4-4 4-V 4- 4- ♦♦♦♦♦♦ +++4-4- 4- 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 44- 4- 4- 44-4-4- 4-
♦ . 4-
4- ■ •-■■■. 4-
+ . r -f
X X V/JL \JfKJ* x
♦ C <r+U <** n Tuesday and for the bal~ t
* C O CCS ance of the week we will $
X v have on sale the remainder j
: per Pair, of our :
: s=Button 44 EnneIs" Dress Kid Gloves, X
X B=Button Mousquetaire "Avignon" Suede Gloves. +
t B=Button Mousquetaire "Elaine" Suede Gloves, t
4- ' • • • ♦
4; 7^*" " — r~~*~"~~7 In sizes Sit. ss. 6m, 6k. 7 and 7iC The above gloves have been "♦"
1 i Firr^E_ f !• sold by us for the past sever, years for $1.50 and $1.75 per +
* I guaranteed; I] pair. There never were more satisfactory gloves made than *
X 5 — — - —^ —^w 1 these at these prices. . +
4- ' ' ■-, 4-
4- Having our own Underwear Factory, we have ♦
X . special facilities for supplying heavy Klondike
4- Underwear, Hosiery and Sweaters. +
4- _____________________ 4-
4- 4-
♦ 125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET, S. F. >
>■'■-.■■ ■■..■.-■•■,■•.'".."■■ : :: ':^ L "'- /: "" ■■■■' : - ; "\-- -■■■ ; /\ --' /■" ■; \v-:. ■ - .:4-- -
weddings
of gentleman friends who were invited In
■while Senator Barker was in Los An
geles, their coming being a surprise to
him. Coven were laid for twelve and
dinner was served at 7 o'clock. Among
the guests were J. H. Holmes, G. G.
Green. W. S. Wright, R. 1. Rogers, An
drew McNally, Dr. T. Up de Gran. H. C.
Hrown, W. R. Staats, E. F. Claypool and
F. C. Bolt.
Petaluma.
An art loan exhibition is being ar
ranged for by the Ladies' Guild of St.
John's Church, to take place on the 15th
and 16th of February- The ladle* promise
a surprise in the collection of curios to
be exhibited.
On Tuesday evening after a most suc
cessful entertainment given by the talent
ed elocutionist, Mrs. M. Mcßain Thomp
son, assisted by other Santa Rosa talent,
the party was royally entertained at the
rooms of the social club, where the en
joyment of vocal and instrumental music
was followed by a banquet.
A most enjoyable card party was that
given by Mr. and Mrs. William P. Hall
Wednesday evening at their pretty home
on Sixth street. Th^ prize winners were
Mrs. S. J. Hopkins. Mrs. J. F. Fairbanks,
Walter Towne and D. B. Fairbanks.
Music also was a feature of the evening,
as well as the elaborate supper.
A large number of our citizens antici
pate attending the jubilee next Monday,
the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway having offered special rates for
the day all along the line.
St. Helena.
Mrs. F. B. Markinder, wife of the editor of
the Star, returned home Sunday from a visit
of two months with relatives In Illinois and
Texas.
Herbert Merrlam of Mendoclno County spent
the first of the week with his brothers, George
and Fred.
Edwin Beardsley, who for the past two years
has been in China on the cruiser Olympia,
spent the week in St. Helena with Will Simp
son and renewing old acquaintances.
Mrs. Nathan Lauter spent the first of the
week In San Francisco.
John Imrie, principal of the Callstoga
schools, spent Monday in St. Helena.
Mrs. Louise RißKins spent Monday In Napa,
Mrs. Oscar Hoffman of Napa was In St.
Helena the first of the week.
Joy Noble went to <\ilfax, Wash., with her
grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Wilman. and will
visit them for some time.
Frank Peller and Myron Richie were in the
metropolis Monday making arrangements for
their trip to Klondike next month.
Robert Prouty of Oakland spent Sunday in
St. Helena with his folks.
Miss Grace Sehaw of this place now has a
position rs stenographer in Portland, Or.
B. F. WhittOß Of Berkeley spent the first of
the week In St. Helena.
Klmer A. Maloom, who has spent tne past
■even months in St. Helena, returned to his
home In Los Angeles Wednesday.
.1. ( '. Illxon was treated to a surprise at his
home on KcCortte avenue Monday evening. It
being the occasion of his flity-eighth birthday
anniversary. A number of his neighbors called
at his home during the evening and a social
time was spent.
Havj Wards.
Mr. and Mrs. Fulton and children of Reno
were visiting at the home of J. E. Crooks.
A. Bridge returned from a trip to Portland.
Grand President of Young Men's Institute S.
Haskins of San Francisco was entertained
by the local council Monday.
Dr. A. J. Dean was attending Secretary of
State Brown last week at Sacramento.
Rev. V. A. Lally. who has had charge of the
Catholic parish . at Halfmoon Bay, has taken
up his residence and will assume his pastoral
duties here.
Martin Welch is making preparations to go
to Klondike.
A. H. Chynewlth of San Francisco was vis
iting friends.
A. Reiff of San Francisco has taken up his
residence here.
C, Vinter of San Francisco was here.
C. H. Wever of Alameda ejvent a. day with
friends.
C. R-appricht, a county official employed at
Oakland, is enjoying his annual vacation.
G. Cavers has returned from a prolonged stay
at Tuolumne.
V. C. Anderson •la here from El Dorado
County. ,
Hollister.
Mrs. Caroline Ashe and Will Ashe, who have
been the quests of Mr. and Mrs. Gaston Ashe,
have returned to San Francisco.
Mrs. Georgre Wapple and children have re
turned from an extended visit to San Jose.
Miss Susie Shaw is visiting in Oakland.
Rev. J. F. R. Bell of - Oregon has perma
nently located in Hollister.
On Saturday evening, January 15. the ladles
of, the O. E. S. gave a most enjoyable recep
tlon in honor of the birthdays of Mrs. Mont
gomery and Mrs. MeCray.
Mlsa Lottie Roberts of Guadalupe is visit
ing HolJlster. , , ._ .
Grant Hammond has permanently located In
San Francisco.
Ir\ the Future.
The annual masquerade of the Arion
Vereln will take place Saturday evening,
February sth, at their rooms, 414 Pine
street. _ .
The Massasoit Social and Literary Club
will be entertained at an "Old Clothes
Party" given by Miss Cornish, next
Thursday evening, January 27, at her res
idence. 810 Waller street.
A grand prize masquerade ball will b«
Brtven by the Germania Club on Saturday
evening, February 12, at Saratoga Hall.
The Nevadans will celebrate their first
anniversary by giving their second party
at Union Square Hall, Tuesday evening.
February 15. The committee of arrange
ments consists of Messrs. Harry Byrnea,
J. D. Mahoney. F. S. Oliver, Ed. Knight.
Miss L. T. Peters, Miss K. Fox and Miss
R. Somers.
The P. D. C.'s will give their Bouventr
party at Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday
evening, February 1.
personals.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Miner are on their
way home from Washington, D. C,
where they were the guests of Major and
Mrs. Lewis Smith (nee Lange). Miss Kate
Miner will remain for several weeks long
er with Mrs. Smith In the National Capi
tal.
Mrs. H. B. Hunt and Miss Emma Hunt,
who have been abroad for the past seven
months, spent the holidays In Rome.
They are expected home some time In
March.
Mrs. H. Freudenthal of New York, who
Is visiting Mr. and Mrs. D. Gutman at
838 Fulton street, will be at home Wed
nesday, the 2Gth inst.
Mrs. J. B. F. Davis and family of Ross
Valley are at the Occidental for the win
ter.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Coleman and Miss
Janette Coleman, formerly of Reno, Nev.,
have taken up their residence at 908
O'Farrell street.
Mrs. D. H. Heynemann has removed
from £29 Oak street to 1330 Eddy, and will
be at home the last Wednesday of each
month.
E. P. McDonough has removed from
145 Dorland street to 114 Dorland street.
Mr. and Mrs. Julian Liebes left on the
18th inst. for Portland. Tacoma and Se
attle. They expect to be gone about one
month.
Mrs. John R. Grant Is here on a visit
from Gilroy, and will be pleased to see
her friends" at 823 Geary street.
Mrs. I. Jacobson of Gilroy Is here on a
visit and will be pleased to see her
friends at 523 Geary street.
At Milan. Italy, Christmas day was
pleasantly spent at the family residence
of the American Consul, Dr. William
Jarvis. Among other Americans present
were the following from California: Mrs.
Dr. I,uel!a Cool is visiting her mother,
Mrs. Crowell of Haywards, for a few
days.
Mrs. Henry T. McGill will receive with
her mother, Mrs. J. L. Lewlpon. on the
last Wednesdays of January and Febru
ary at the residence of the latter, 27U5
Pacific avenue.
and Miss Marx of Oakland, Miss Hume
of Piedmont. Alameda, F. Belcher of San
Francisco and Miss Lilian K. Slinkey of
Sausalito, Cal.
Robert H. Davis is visiting his old
home in Albany, N. V., where he is th-i V
guest of his sister, Mrs. Jennie Crawford j
de Klyn.
Miss Bentia Monroe Klckoff will return
from New York to her home In Berkeley
by February 1. She will be accompanied
by her father. Dr. Andrew J. Kickoff.
Mrs. John Übhaus and son Louis have
returned home, after an extended trip to
New York city. At home Mondays at 1417
Lagruna street.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Wetzsteln of
Butte. Mont., are visiting In the city and
will be at home every Monday at the
Baltimore.
The Misses Hattle, Bertha and Nora
Levy have returned to their Ijome In
LivJrmore after a two weeks' visit in
this city.
Miss Martha Zimmerman is visiting
friends and relatives in Livermore.
Mrs. H. Freudenthal of New York Is
the fjuest of Mr. and Mrs. D. Gutmann,
of 83s Fulton street, corner Flllmore. At
home Wednesday, January 28.T he Newest Tea Gowns Breakfast Jacket
MO matter how small her dres
allowance may be, the French
woman is sure to have at
J> ii least one or two tea gowns
among hor wardrobe. It Is
•he alone who appreciates the true
ralue of a negligee. She will surprise
rou by saying that the tea gown is
iconomical; that it is an actual money
lavlng investment. She will assure
rou that her youthful appearance and
fter fresh pink and white complexion
ire due more to an inexpensive louns
ng robe than to anything else in the
world.
The true Frencli woman never wears
aer street pown in the house, which is
>ne of the big particular reasons why
ihe is always such a well-gowned, chic
roung person on the boulevard. When
ihe comes in from a promenade she
Sisrobes, and whether she is to be at
Home for fifteen minutes or an entire
ifternoon, into her tea gown she slips,
generally it is more of a lounging robe
;han a fanciful tea gown, for when my
Jttle French lady wears it she rests,
md there's half the secret of her vi
racity. Though she may have but one
itreet costume, her tea gowns are sure
to number two, and she Is apt to have
from two to ttiree breakfast Jacket? as
■well, which she wears with beruffled
Bilk skirts.
The American woman's fondness for
the tea gown is growing. She Is be
ginning to appreciate its true value.
Never before in New York city have so
many negligees been sold as this year.
And such captivating gowns as they
are!
Tea gowns are not to be worn at 5
o'clock teas, as a young person from
the country innocently supposed. As a
rule, they are to be worn exclusively
In the privacy of one's own room. But
some of the more costly gowns are
quite suitable for dinner wear when
one is dining with their own immedi
ate family.
One of the latest tea gowns !s a verita
ble dream of loveliness. It was designed
for a New York woman whose room
was a rose-color bower. By the way.
It is one of the New York girl's newest
fads to select her tea gown to match
the coloring of her room. This partic
ular tea gown is made of delicate pink
brocaded silk. In the back it falls from
the neck in a graceful "Watteau plait.
The front of the gown shows a charm-
Ing little bolero jacket cut in square
(hape tabs. Beneath the tabs and out
lining the Jacket is a fluffy Jabot of
French lace. The gown Is confined at
the waist with satin ribbon, which ties
In a bow with long ends.
The sleeve Is specially effective. It la
one of the pretty butterfly patterns.
Near the shoulder the Bilk is divided
Into two winglike folds which are sep
arated by a lace Jabot, whi^h falls
lome distance down the arm. The rest
of the sleeve is plain until It reaches
the wrist, where the brocaded silk is
cut in tabs and a lace frill peeps out
THE BALD MILL MINE.
south Froro flngels Camp or) the
Carson b\\U Road.
The Bald Hill mine Is the property !
»f Frederick Brunner Sr. of Angels ,
Camp, Calaveras County, Cal. It la
iltuated on the mother lode, running
louth from the celebrated Utlca mine;
is on the west side of the road travers
ing Albany flat and forms or comprises
the terminal part of a low, uniform j
range of hills. The country rock car
rlca greenstone and blue micaceous
ilate, the greenstone forming the west
wall of he lode and the black micaceous
ilate comprises the east wall. The lode
proper is twenty-four feet In width or \
father In transverse measurement.
There are three lodes. The ore Is free
milling, easily reduced and submits
readily to amalgamation. At the depth
5f eighty feet the ore carries 3 per cent
pf sulphurets. They are sulphurets of
Iron, sulphuretH of copper and arsenical
pyrites. The sulphurets increase as
Septh is attained. The uniform value
:n gold per ton of sulphuret is $80.
There is a Fhaft down 150 feet, a cross
sut at the 60-foot level and another one
it the 150-foot level. At the latter level
t drift has been run south on the lead
ibout thirty feet. Of the twenty-four
foot lode a part thereof ten feet In :
width assays from $8 to $120 per ton, I
mother part about thre« feet wide will
pay by milling process $35 per ton.
md It is a safe proposition to place the~|
ralue per ton of the entire twenty-four- ;
toot lode at $5 per ton by mllliog pro- I
cess.
The mine !s easy of access, can be '
worked the entire year and ia very good
formation for timbering. There is no j
mill on the property, the sole equip- j
nent consisting of a forty-horse power \
engine, boiler, hoisting machinery and
pumps. Three miles couth is the
Itanislaus River, where any number of
sbetween. The stock collar is of the
silk, with a high-standing lace frill at
the bark. This gown is quite a gorge
ous affair, but It may be copied effect
ively and for much less money in one
of the pretty shades of soft, bright flan
nel, using a coarser quality w£ lace for
the trimming.
Another tea gowns which !s a special
favorite this season is made of silk
crepon in a light turquoise shade. The
gown in front hangs straight and full
from Its satin collar. Just at the waist
line two deep-pointed reveres start,
which broaden out as they reach the
shoulders. The?'* reveres are outlined
wiUi a frill of point. Venice lace, which
below the waist line falls to the bot
tom of the robe in a fluffy Jabot, out
lining the front breadth of the gown.
The sleeve 1b most unpretentious. It is
made of the crepon, and Is nearly tight
fitting, being a trifle fuller at the
shoulder than the wrist, where it ends
in a deep point edped with lace. AM
the Eleeves of the newest tea gowns fall
well over the hands. Encircling the
waist of this tea gown is a broad band
of turquoise satin ribbon, which ties at
the left side in a bow with many ends.
The collar 1b also of the satin ribbon
with a big bow at the back and the
ribbon half smothered in a becoming
lace frill.
To illustrate the ract that the plalfl
craze knows no diminishing there are
plaid negligees and breakfast Jackets
in plenty this year. A comfortable as
well as stylish little gown is made of a
genuine Scotch plaid in soft French
flannel. The plaid is carried out in
shades of dark blue and green, with
Just a bright touch of scarlet here and
there. The front of the gown Bhows
a finely pleated yoke, at each Bide of
which a deep collar is formed of the
unpleated flinnel. This collar extends
across the back of the gown and is
trimmed with two bands of lace lnser
dynamos could be erected and run the |
entire year, from where electricity'
could be obtained to operate the mill j
and run the hoisting works and drills.
The mine offers one of the best chances
for legitimate investment in the entire
State.
J- P. O'BRIEN.
An Attorney Prominent in Mining
Circles.
John P. O'Brien, the subject of this
sketch, la a Native Son, a member of
the Aloatraz Parlor, and was born in
San Francisco. He studied with Jor
dan & Bull, and was admitted in 1887.
He was prepared for his examination
by Del mas & Bull, and shortly after
his admission opened offices with E. L.
Campbell, a prominent mining attor
ney. In 1596 he left for San Andreas,
and went into partnership with Frank
Solinsky. At the solicitation of several
prominent mine owners, he was induc
ed to settle In Sonora. Mr. O'Brien has
a fine record in mining litigation. One
of his cases which may be mentioned
is that of Howeth vs. Sullenger, report
ed in 113 th California. He represented
the applicant for a patent before the
Supreme Court. The case was that
Sullenger et al. made application for a
patent for a magnesite mine in which
they were adversed by Howeth In the
land office. Howeth brought suit In the
Superior Court of Napa County, and
upon the trial the court denied the
right of both parties to a patent be
cause the claim was not bo marked
that the boundaries could be readily
traced. After about a year the case
was submitted to Mr. O'Brien, who
took an appeal to the Supreme Court,
which body adopted his view and re
versed the case, with Instructions te
enter judgment for applicant for pat
ent. This wsus the first clean-cut 4ecl
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
slon by the Supreme Court of this
valid mining location. The claim waa
marked on the ground by a notice post
ed at the point of discovery, and the
A WOMAN'S TRIP DOWN INTO A DEEP MINE.
THE Rose Mine, in the Morongo
District, San Bernardino County,
1b the largest mine in Southern
California. The direct route is
to go by rail to Victor and then
drive forty miles up Into the moun
tains. We were hunting at Bear Val
ley, fifty miles staging from San Ber
nardino, when a visit to Om mine, flf
i teen miles away, was suggested.
The gentlemen in the party were un
' certain about a woman's being al
, lowed to descend the mine, as there Is
I no cage, only the buckets for carry
j ing the ore, but everybody was so good
\ to me at Randsburg that I had hopes
It would be all right. The road was
picturesque in the extreme, winding
in and out among the mountains, and
occasionally we came In Bight of a
large portion of the Mojave deeert. with
Its wonderful colorings, so that I felt
| we were well paid for our exerting be
! fore we reached the mine and would
have been reconciled even had we failed
to see It, but Mr. Harrison, the super
intendent, greeted us cordially and
told us we were welcome to go every
where and see everything.
I was craxy to go down the shaft at
once and could hardly wait for the next
bucket to be emptied of Its ore before
clambering In, but I thought I eugtat to
be courteous, se asked the others who
should go first. To my surprise, one
I of the gentlemen had lost his Interest
exterior boundaries were marked by
stakes and stone monuments at each
corner. The trial court held that this
marking was not a sufficient compll- '
I
; In the mine, another was feeling: the
altitude of 1000 feet bo greatly he felt
he should He down a while, and finally
our exploring party had dwindled to
one young man (whom the others said
was too youthful to know fear) and
myself (and I hadn't sense enough). So
th* 1 youth and I climbed Into the
bucket, which didn't look big enough
for one, and down into the blackness
; we dropped, Mr. Harrison descending
| th« ladder beside us.
The shaft is sufficiently off the per
pendicular for the buckets to run on
steel Bkifls, and that makes the mo
tion much smoother than if you were
p-.rln|ring loose In the shaft, and the air
through the whole mine Is wonderfully
com ard sweet, so that we didn't feel
suffecated. But it's astonishing how
long it takes to go down 5M feet of
darkness, and that's as far as the first
shaft goes. At every hundred-foot
level there is a EW-foot drift, and the
ore has all been worked out between
levels by stoplng. until now they are
working on the PM-foot level.
We were helped «ut of the bucket by
nmi astonishe<s-lo«king miners and
we lighted our randies frem theirs and
walked along the drift on the little rail
way on which the buckets roll
for 500 feet, and there was a
gasoline engine operating the hoist
In a shaft going down an
other JOO feet. This shaft Is not as
well finished as the first, as it la not
te be permanent, and the engineer ser
te*csly objected to our nsing the bucket,
but Mr. Harrison explained the situation
i and we climbed In again, and tt Cv .
ance with the Federal laws. This was
a great victory for Mr. O'Brien. He
also appeared before the Supreme Court
In the case of Sheeny vs. Shinn, and
lowered still more slowly to the 800
foot level. When we jot out there we
could Bee the work of the mine going
on In all directions. Some were plck
lnp out the ore over their heads, boitm
were drilling holes for the blasting
which takes place at noon and night,
tome were filling the buckets. "We
were told this was as far as the buckets
could go as yet, but if we wished to
climb down a ladder a hundred feet we
could get t« the absolute "base of ope
rations."
Bo we climbed flown and found one
poor, lone man drilling for blasting and
keeping cheerful by forcing his breath
out between his teeth with a loud hiss
every time he struck his drill. Then
we climbed back the hundred feet and
seventy more, and went out on another
drift, and climbed down a winze oo an
overhanging ladder where some men
were working in a sort of pocket. They
were more astonished than the others
had been, but one of them recoTered
sufficiently to effer me a very pretty
specimen he had just found, and w«
started back.
When we reached the surface «f the
earth again we found all our party suf
ficiently recovered to accompany us
around the mills. These are quite
extensive, including a ten-stamp mill,
and the necessary offices, stores, etc.,
all in a wonderful condition of neat
ness an* order, but I felt as If this was
all of secondary interest te the 90t
foot plunge Into darkness an* the cur
ious doings of the male-like miners at
their lamp-lit work.
ADELINE SUMNER.
tlon and edge? with a ruffle of lace.
The same pattern of lace trims the
front of the gown in & Jabot for some
distance below the waist line. Dark
green satin ribbons are used to confine
the negl.'gee at the waist, and they t!o
according to the general custom of tha
season at the left Bids. The sleeve Is
plain and oomfortable. It has no deco
ration whatever until it noars the
wrist, where two bands of lace are
Inserted and a deep frill of the lace
then appears in a graceful finish.
The tea gown of one material, with
sleeves of another, Is regarded as fash
ionable this year. It gives the eco
nomical woman an#excellent opportu
nity of making as of her old gowns.
And then the tea gown veiled in net or
prauxe Is another fad of the hour. Silk
party gowns, which have served well
their duty at the dance, may bo trans
formed by a filmy drapery of gauze or
net Into a tea gown beautiful to be
hold.
For th« woman to luxury born there
are tea gowns lined throughout with
fur. With all these gowns an edging
of the lining shows a« a trimming for
the front of th« rob*. Then th«re are
other costly tea gowns which have a
wadded satin lining, but are trimmed
lavishly with fur. Ont Keen recently
was of corn-color satin, with the deep
lace- covered collar trimmed with a
band of dangling sable tails. These
expensive tails also formed a Jabot
down the entire tront of the gown.
No woman need be without a break
fast Jacket this season, for they can be
bought ready-made from 85 cents up to
$50. One of the prettiest as well as the
best wearing of the newest tea Jackets
is made of fine Bedford cord, violet In
color. It Is three-quarter length and
has a tight-fitting back. The front is
loose, hanging In pleats. It is made
with a yoke of shirred velvet silk, out
lined with a narrow row of lace bead
ing and finished with a deep lace frill.
The collar is a stock, shirred to match
the yoke, and at the back there is a
frill of lace. There are ribbons at the
•waist line of the same shade of violet
as the Bedford cord, and they may tie
either at the front or the left side.
All the silk breakfast Jackets are
won the case. He hai been prominent
ly identified with a large portion of the
mining litigation In the State, and has
been uniformly successful. At present
he is attorney for Captain Nevills of
the Rawhide Mine, the Sierra Railway
Company, the stage companies and
other corporations.
M. B. HARRIMfIN.
A Progressive Mining Man of
Tuolurone County.
One of the moat prominent mining
men In the State Is Mr. Harriman of
Sonora. Cal. He Is one of the early
comers to the Golden State, arriving
here In May, 1850. Immediately on his
arrival here he went to Tuolumne
County by the way of Stockton, and
has remained there ever since. Mr.
Harriman has demonstrated his abil
ity as a mining man by his numerous
successful ventures, and his Judgment
Is to-day taken where an expression of
opinion from an expert would net carry
weight. He has been the owner of sev
eral mines which he has sold to differ
ent companies, and without one single
exception they have turned out rich
and even more so than was represent
ed by Mr. Harriman. Among these
might be mentioned the famous Ala
meda Mine, locate* near the Rawhide,
which he sold to a Chicago company,
and which to-day Is one of the best
dividend producers In the State. At
present he is interested in and the prin
cipal owner in the North Star. Gar
field Consolidated, Skinner, Batchelder,
Harriman Gold Mining Company in
Tuolumne County and the Rio vista in
Calaveras County, besides several
pocket mines. He is one of the direct
ors In the Tuolumne County Water
Company's ditch, one of the largest in
stitutions in the county. He Is a na
tive of Maine, but is at the same time
a thorough Californian. Mr. Harrlman
was made & Mason in the sprint; of
lined either with fine flannel or with
wadded satin. One which seemed more
for ornament than practical use was
made of faint yellow India silk,
trimmed with fluffy frills of accordion
pleated chiffon and tiny puffings of the
chiffon. The silk sleeve was exception
ally pretty. Three pleated frills of the
chiffon airily fell over the top of the
sleeve, while from the shoulder to the
wrist the silk was horizontally striped
at intervals with puffings of the chif
fon.
The collar was also effective. It was
a stock of the silk with an accordion
pleated ruffle falling over it and a veri
table silk and chiffon butterfly at the
bp.ck. This delicate little matinee Is an
exceptionally pretty model to copy in
less perishable fabrics.
Another silk tea jacket Is rose pink
In color, and its special feature la a
deep collar of lace insertion run with
satin ribbon and edged with a lace ruf
fle, the lace falling over the shoulder
and then continuing almost to the
waist line. The silk sleeves are also
striped with the lace Insertion.
One of the oddest breakfast Jackets
of the year is essentially Japanese. It
looks just as though it were designed
for a little Jap lady with almond
shaped eyes. It is made of gay Roman
striped silk, hangs loose back and front
and has the conventional flowing
Japanese sleeve.
Many of the breakfast Jackets, both
in flannel and s!lk, are made with long
Btole ends. When the ends are of lace
the effect Is graceful and pretty.
THE NEW GOWNS MRS.
PRESIDENT DOLE
WILL WEAR
IN WASHINGTON.
TWO very handsome dresses were
made by the City of Paris for Mrs.
Dole, the wife of the President of
Hawaii, which she will wear while
in Washington. The material and trim
mings used in these dresses are of the
richest.
One gown is a black Nouveaute Du
chease moire reception dress, the bo
dice of Duchesse moire, with tight
flttlng back. The front opens over a
lavender velvet waistcoat, with Jabot
of point lace; the slopes of waist
trimmed with Applique point, tight
sleeves mounted with small puffs. Ma
rie Antoinette collar of lavender velvet.
Skirt en cloche.
The other sown Is a very handsome
ball gown made of black tulle. The
corsage decollete, with small shoulder
puffs and garniture of spangles. The
skirt made with tulle, with spangled
designs all over and finished with three
flounces at bottom, the whole mad*
over satin Imperial. ♦
1850, and stands high with the order.
He is residing at Sonora with his wife
and daughter.
OCCIDENTAL MOTEL.
Orje of the Ideal Hostelries of San
Fraocisco.
To the globe trotter returning East
ward from the Occident and Orient
there is one hotel in San Francisco to
which hiß longing gaze is attracted the
moment the Golden Gate is entered,
find that hostelry is the old and well
known Occidental Hotel. This magni
ficent family resort has for years held
a warm place in the estimation of the
traveling public, and under Major
Hooper's capable management Its rep
utation has been deeply accentuated.
The Occidental has been Improved
during the past year, so that it is to
day an ideal home for the man of fam
ily as well as the tourist. Its cuisine
has a world wide fame, and its dining
hall is one of the most spacious on the
continent. Its equipment is first class
in every respect, and its service all
that the most fastidious taste could de
sire.
Centra! ParK Hotel.
Since Mr. Fred Wesson assumed th«
management of the above-named hotel,
at Angels, Cal., it has become the best
known and most popular hotel In the
county. Mr. Wesson has hosts of
friends among the traveling men, and
as his hotel Is the best conducted in
the county it is not surprising that it is
always full to overflowing. The rooms
are newly furnished, lig'.it and airy, and
the dining room is eagerly sought by
all knowing travelers as offering the
best to be had. Mr. Wesson is a geni
al host, and always on the lookout for
the comfort of his guests. You will be
pleased to meet him when visiting An
gels.
2324
BOOK
NEWS
THE final novel In Zola's trilogy,
"Paris," Is now appearing serially
In Le Journal and Is attracting
considerable comment In literary
circles. It Is a continuation of
"Lourdes" and "Rome," presenting
familiar characters under new con
ditions and In a different environment.
In regard to the character and scope of
this -work, as well as to his method in
•writing it, Zola has made the following
statements to the Paris correspondent of
the St. Petersburg Novy Dleu:
"It la true that 'Paris' has not re
quired as much time as either of the
other parts of the trilogy. I have not
had to travel, yet it has not been a much
easier task than the writing of 'Rome,'
having consumed about eight months. It
has been necessary to resort to 'docu
ments' most assiduously, since I have
had to touch upon every sphere of civil
ized human activity to introduce the
reader into every movement and school
of Parisian thought, literary, artistic, po
litical and financial. The reader will be
come acquainted with every aspect of
the rich life of the French capital, and
though the treatment is necessarily su
perficial— kaleidoscopic, as it were still,
I cannot write on any matter except
upon a thorough knowledge of It. This
requires observation, verification and
study. For example, I had occasion to
Bpeak of a factory, p.nd having selected,
on account of the novelty, a bicycle fac
tory, I was obliged to spend some days
in mastering the bicycle Industry. In
fact, I bestowed more labor on 'Paris'
than on either of the other novels in the
three cities series. 'Paris' Is a romance '
In the true sense of the term. It con- j
tains much movement and action, many
personages and many changing scenes. \
Most conspicuous, of course, is the Abbe :
Froment. In his company I study the !
role of Paris in modern history and mdi- !
cate its future mission. It Is. in my
opinion, very great. I point to Paris as
the beacon illuminating the path of the j
Intellectual life and progress of all man
kind. You foreigners may not agree with
me in regarding Paris as the capital of
the world; but I have done everything
possible to Justify the title, 'City of
Light," which Paris has so properly
gained for itself.
"But do not think that 1 eulogize and
laud Paris. I do not cover up its dark
Bide and do not ignore the evils which
undermine it. I simply show that the
life-giving and invigorating spring which
will quench man's thirst for knowledge
and satisfy his yearning for moral de
velopment and perfection takes its course
originates In— Paris. The purity
and power of this spring depend on the
material prosperity of Paris. Rome is to
be dismantled in favor of Paris, where
Abbe Froment will acquire his new cult
of science and human solidarity, and
where he will finally find spiritual peace
and joy, after having vainly sought them
at Lourdes and Rome."
More explicit and clear is Zola's refer
ence to the social and political teachings
of his novel in an interview with" the
. representative of Le Temps. Paris. We
translate from It as follows:
"I do not spare the vices of Paris, but
even the crime committed In the course
of my study only serves to accentuate the
virtue and nobility of the great city, this
refuge of life and goodness to which
Froir.ent comes to warm his heart. Here.
In Paris, he conceives the Idea of the new
religion of the future, of the better social
order . slowly developing out of the tra
vail of so many workers. Thus Paris,
•with all its philanthropy, proves the utter
Impotence of charity, which rests on «
sentiment that Is Christian and anti
social. It is necessary that the Idea of
Justice, which places the weak on their
own feet, should supplant the idea of
philanthropy, which merely supports the
■weak In their fallen and degraded condi
tion. The era of Justice Is dawning in
Paris. After three years' life In Paris,
my hero. Abbe Froment. who left Rome
-In despair, welcomes with sweet whis- \
pers of gratitude the new heaven and j
earth he Is permitted to behold. The j
solution I give accords with my own ma
tured views of the beneficence of life, of
the greatness of human destiny, when the j
sole foundation of society shall bo labor." |
Zola declares that, while he has intro
duced all kinds and conditions of men—
nobles, financiers, revolutionists, anarch
ists, decadents, savants, workmen and
politicians, he has nowhere photographed ,
reality and has not painted the portraits I
of contemporary individuals. The lovers j
of ■scandal.'. he says, will be- disappointed
though there is plenty of material for
I excited polemics. Anticipating adverse
criticism. Zola says:
■:'. "I expect the same reception as that
accorded to previous works, bat I hope
that after my. death I may be Judged
•with greater fairness. Then it will, per
haps, be recognized that I was neither
J a pessimist nor a.corrupter. He is not
a pessimist who on every occasion sings
hymns to life; he Is not a corrupter who
tirelessly and earnestly proclaims the
high dignity and worth of labor. • Let any
one go through the entire Rougon-Mac
quart series and ha will find that love
of life and passion for work Bhlno through
•every ona of Its pages. There la nothing
worse than solitude, Idleness and death,
and against thews foes have I striven, It
Is utterly unjust to charge that I have
' ■ought to pervert and confuse minds. If
X am indifferent to this fcls« verdict, it.
is because I do not believe It will eland
long."
Indeed, the Installment* of the novel
that have already appeared Indicate that
Zola Is a convert to the socialistic phil
osophy of social life. Through hln hero.
Pierre Froment. he Is to preach brother
hood, equality and solidarity as defined by
the modern socialists.
WHAT'S IN A NAME?
Is there any room for originality In
the matter of names?
Literary men on both sides of the At
lantic are puzzling themselves over the
question, because during this century of
prolific production so many people have
written books and given names to them
that It seems Impossible to find a new
title.
The best the unfortunate author can
do Is to find a forgotten name for his
book, and even then he can never be
sure that some Inquisitive bibliographer
will not discover his Iniquity. A wise
modern cynic has remarked that origin
ality can be expected from nobody save
a lunatic, a hermit, or a sensational
novelist.
But nowadays the last exception should
be omitted, for sensationalists are not
remarkable for the novelty of their
Ideas. I think It In the omniscient Kip
ling who remarks somewhere that there
are only forty stories In the world, one
of which could be told to a lady, and
thirty-nine which couldn't.
As the limitations of modern taste pre
vent the publication of the thirty-nine,
we have no means of saying whether
Kipling Is really right. However, looking
at the persistency with which the worn
i out themes of love and Intrigue and mur
! der are shown up again and again, there
would seem to be sense In his dictum. .
But leaving plots out of the question,
the difficulty of finding a new title 13
j really a serious one. because of the copy-
I right law. The name of a book Is Just
! as much the property of the copyrlghter
i as any other portion of Its contents, and
! therefore the unfortunate author is In
constant danger of trespassing on some
one else's preserves, with possibly a suit
for Infringement lurking in the back
ground. :tV
An additional and even more serious
difficulty is added. In England at any
rate, however it may be In this country.
! The great circulating libraries, such as
i Mudie'a. positively refuse to place on
their shelves a book with a once-used
: name. They will not complicate their cat
] alogues by Including two works of the
i same title, and those who understand the
I influence these great libraries have on
the success or failure of a book. will sym
! pathize with unfortunate authors.
Writers of note have frequently com
plained of this grievance, Mr. James
Payn, In particular. ursed authors' and
publishers" attention to the question years
ago. And more recently an anonymous
writer In the new critical paper. Liter
ature, has taken the trouble to disinter
some remarkable Instances of duplicate
titles.
One of the most amusing cases, affect
ing authors on both sides of the Atlantic,
is thfit of "The Passionate Pilgrim."
Shakespeare, who wrote at a time when |
many things were new, onw gave the |
world a version of the old. old love story '
under this title. The romance of sweet
Cytherea. sitting by a brook, and young
Adonis, lovely, fresh ay.d green, makes
quite a long poem, glowing with sensuous
imagery, and probably for this reason but
little rend. Perhaps this accounts for the
fad that the last two generations of
• is have forgotten Shakespeare's
claim to tho title.
Quito recently Mr. Percy White gave to
the world n nov-I with the title of "A
Pa.'-slonate Pilgrim." The book had only
been In circulation a few days when it
«rai discovered that twenty years before
Mr. Henry James bad published a volume
of shirt stories under this name.
Mr. White did the proper thing in apol
opizlr.,-, to Mr. James for unintentionally
poaching on his preserves, but to his sur
prise Mi-. JameM explamed In reply that
there wuh no need to worry over the mat
ter, since the title had been already em
ployed several yeara before by Mr. F. T.
Paljrrave. Thus there are no less than
throo Passionate Pilgrims going the
rounds, to nay nothing of Shakespeare's
poem in the background.
This gentleman, Mr. Percy White.
{ neem« to be peculiarly unfortunate In ths
THE SAT* FT*A"N"CTSCO CATVL, STTNDAT, JAXTTAUT 23, 1898.
Emlla Zola Is said, by those who have read him, to be a realist of the realists. A Parisian born, he has spent
most of the fifty-six years of his life in his own city, and made a great 'reputation In France by publishing books,
the sale of which was punished as a crime In other countries. He was educated at the St. Louis College In Parla.
and at 25 began to devote himself wholly to writing. Ills books number over a score. They cover many subjects,
and their noted author has been able to be vile in all but one or two. M. Zola delights in odd situations. Fot Instance,
two years ago, he wrote a book In which the devotions of pious persons at Lourdes were treated In his usual style.
Then he promptly went to Rome and presented himself for an Interview with Pope Leo. It might have been be
cause of the book "Lourdes," or it might have been because of others; but Leo refused to see him. For many years
the author of "Claude" and "Nana" and "La Terre" has been eager to become one of the immortals of the French
Academy, probably because he knew he could not. The academicians could not get the smell of M. Zola's famous books
out of their nostrils, and consistently closed their door to him. "Le Reve." his only pure work, eminently un-Zola
esque. was written to placate the academy, "but Louis Marie Julien Viaud was elected in IS9I and Zola Is still a
mortal. If not a member of the academy, the great realist is at least a Knight of the Legion of Honor, and has
been president of the French Society of Men of Letters. His "Rome." written with the hope that It wcmld pass him
Into the academy, was the one concerning which a charge of literary theft is made and which created so much
talk. "Paris," the third book of the trilogy, is now virtually completed.
selection of his titles, for his first book.!
written In IS9O. bore the name Mr. Bailey I
Martin. At the time he was unaware of.
the existence of a well-known American
family of almost precisely similar name,
and the book, which has been extensively
circulated : throughout the United States,
is sometimes referred to as Mr. Bradley
Martin.
Another and more amusing Instance of
similarity of names occurred when Mr.
Le Galllenne announced his new book.
"The , Quest of the. Golden Girl.". Another
author had . ready for publication "The
Quest of the Golden Pearl," and after a
good deal of angry correspondence the
two authors agreed to let the public de
cide for Itself as to the merits of their
closely related titles.
Perhaps one of the only methods of se
curing absolute originality of title Is by
translatlojs from another language. The
French are past masters of this system.
and any number of absurd instances are
on record, showing how titles, both Eng
lish and German, have had their mean
ings entirely changed by the exercise of
a little Gallic Ingenuity.
One of the best of these original ren
derings Is the translation of Cibber's com
edy. "Love's Last Shift." The play ap
peared In French entitled, "La dernlere
Chemise de L' Amour.'.'
There are other Instances nearly as
startling. Congreve's tragedy, "The
Mourning Bride." came out as "L'Epouse
dv Matin." Even Dickens, whose mean
ing one would thir.k was plain enough,
has not escaped his unconscious French
humor.
It is related that when "Our Mutual
Friend.' under the title of "L'Aml Com
mun," was first published in Paris great
expectations were formed by the pub
lishers of its success. But af:er the first
half dozen parts had been published the
public rose en masse and declined to read
further a foreign author whose writings
were full of such palpable absurdities.
The whole trouble was due to the ab
solutely literal manner In which the
translator had fulfilted his task. To
give only one instance. "A Pea Overcoat"
was rendered Into French "Un Paletot
I de Coulaur de Puree de Pols."
It is not only the English who have
suffered at the hands of the French
translator. The Germans on occasion
have been treated quite as badly. Bou
chette, the biographer of Jacob Boehm,
In giving a list of the writer's works
came across "Reflections on Isaiah Stle
fel." Now Isaiah Stlefel was a theolo
gian of contemporary fame, but evident
ly Bouchette had never heard of .him.
Stlefel happens to mean boot In Ger
man, and knowing that the volume vat
of a religious character the translator
entitled It, "Reflexions Sur lea Bones
d'Esale."
THE LAND OF MANY STORIES.
IN THE PERMANENT WAY— By Flora
Annie Steel. The Macmlllan Company,
New York. 1537.
Probably no country In the world af
fords such an admirable field for th«»
Bhort-story writer as India. The an
tiquity of its civilization, the variety of
its racial types, the mysticism of its re
ligious rites, may all be exploited with
brilliant effect without calling for too
much exercise of the author's imagina
tion. In fact, one of the chief charms of
the really good Indian story Is that It
reads so admirably true. The character
istic is especially marked in all of Kip
ling's work; no one wouM ever think that
he invented any of the marvelous Indian
stories he has given us, though he him
self has christened on»> of his books
"Many Inventions.' Probably he did this
purposely, knowing well that none would
give him credit for the invention, however
much they might be charmed with the
treatment.
And following Kipling, though It must
be confessed, a long way behind, comes
Mrs. Steel, whose acquaintance with the
esoteric side of Indian life is probably as
deep as that possessed by Mulvaney's
chronicler. But though tho subject mat
ter may be similar, tho difference in style
Is strongly marked. Killing, in the terse,
vigorous English which ho handles with
a powor all his own. seises instantly all
the rugged picturesque features of an
incident: he is afrr.i.l of nothing, and
deals intimately with phases of Hfe which
the less gifted writer would be damned
for meroly touching.
Genius Is a law unto Itself, and no au
thor has done more to prove the truth
of this assertion than Kipling. Wisely
enough. Mrs. Steel has chown a smoother
path. Apart from the fact that she Is a
EMILE ZOLA.
woman, and therefore hampered by sex
difficulties from which men nave long
been emancipated, she -robably real
izes that the public would never stand
two Killings in one generation. She
handles her subjects with the gloves on.
in a nent. finished, ytt at the same time
effective style.
Like Kipling, Mrs. Steel has her chosen
narrator of strange stories. Hut his
name Is not Mulvaney. It is Craddock,
and instead of being a soldier he is an
engineer. lie appears to tho best ad
vantage in the tale which plves its title
to the volume. "In the Permanent Way."
A railway was being surveyed through
one of the desert regions of India, when
the party found a Jogl. or holy man. right
In the track of the line. There the man
had been sitting, year In and year out. for
who knows how long, and such a little
tiling as a railroad track was not going
to move blm. Th« constructors dug
around him and leveled up to him, but
the holy man declined to move, until at
last Craddock, a big yellow-haired Saxon
who could never keep off the drink, step
ped up.
"Look here, sonny," nald Craddock,
"you're In the way, tho Permanent Way."
So the man of meditations was gently
lifted on one side and the work went on.
But always the Jog! returned to the rails,
and each time Craddock passed that way
he had to step down from the engine and
lift Old Meditations, as he called him, to
one side before the train could move on.
Only In India would such a thing be pos
sible. The end came one stormy night,
when Craddock got very drunk. The In
spector who was In the cab with him
failed to stop the train In time and Crad
dock leaped to his death In the vain at
tempt to save the Jogl. "When a whole
train," remarks the Inspector grimly,
"goes over two men who are locked In
each other's arms it Is hard, hard to tell,
well, which Is which."
Equally tragical, though told In a more
mystical vein. Is "On the Second Story."
It Is one of those thrilling narratives of
Indian fanaticism In which Mrs. Steel
excels. The victims are an educated na
tive, a schoolmaster and a poor little
Hindoo widow. The two conduct a clan
destine love affair before the shrine of
terrible Goddeas Kali, which the priests
abruptly terminate by the awful sacri
fice of the widow on the altar of their
deity. "The King's Well," told by Crad
dock, Is a strong tale of the mutiny time,
and indeed every one of the nineteen
stories which go to make up th 4 book
possesses marked Interest.
FOR LOVES OLD AND YOUNG.
A BOOK OF TRUE LOVERS— By Oc
tave Thanet. Chicago: Way & Wil
liams. Price Jl 25.
This Is a collection of short stories re
garding "the Joys and sorrows, the ad
ventures of divers true lovers," all of
which have appeared at sundry times in
the leading magazines of the country.
The lovers are not of the puling, youth
ful variety, but men and women who
have had some experience of the world
and Its hard ways. In many Instances
they are married couples whose matri
monial careers have extended a full
quarter century. "The Court of Last
Resort" is. perhaps, the lightest and
most amusing tale In the book, as it sets
forth how a lady of color regained her
fickle spouse by Bheer force of arms.
"The Strike at Glasscock's" shows how a
woman always has her way with a man,
and in "Why Abbylonl'a surrendered," a
graphic picture is drawn of the woman
who knows not true love when she sees
it. All of the stories are well told and
are worth reading. Many of them may
even prove helpful to numerous unfor
tunate lovers who are discontented with
their lot in life.
THE MARVELOUS EAST.
JAVA. THE GARDEN OF THE
EAST— By Eliza Ruhamah Scldmore.
New York: The Century Company.
Price $1 50.
Although the name of Java Is as fa
miliar throughout the world as the use
of coffee, Enplish llte-ature Is singularly
lacking in books on the subject of this
densely populated a>.d amazingly pro
ductive island. There are a few works
on the great coffee, and tea growing
country, but of books In which the tneme
is more lightly treated the dearth is re
markable. Miss Scidmore'a "Jlnriksha
Days" has well demonstrated the au
thor's keenness of observation and
vivacity of style, and in her later work.
In a field less thoroughly tilled tnan
modern Japan she has laid the
reading world under agreeable obliga
tions by playing cicerone to a veritable
treasure land of natural and artificial
■wonders. The book is something more
than an entertaining narrative of travo!,
and contains abundant evidence of studi
ous research.
READINGS FROM THE BARD.
THE REAPER'S SHAKESPEARE— By
Davjd Charles Bell. New York: Funk
& Wapnalls Company. Price $1 50.
This Is the third and concluding vol
ume of a new edition of Shakespeare,
which Is likely to prove of especial value
to students and teachers alike. The text
has been carefully condensed, collated
and preserved, making allowance for the
prime necessities of expurgation and
compression. Good Judgment has been
| used in the matter of abridgment, and
only such passages are omitted as might
be objectionable t,o people of sensitive
tastes or unsuitable for reading In
classes. The plays are preceded by a
brief narrative, and the principal scenes,
not only of the main but of the secondary
plots, are connected by elucidatory re
marks. The readings are Intended chief
ly for the voice and ear rather than the
eye. and this will facilitate the much
prized but still neglected art of reading
aloud. Each volume is printed in large
and beautiful type, on excellent paper,
and is artistically bound In buckram,
with covers stamped in pleasing design.
FROM THE SEAT OF WAR.
GOING TO THE WAR IN GREECE-By
Frederick Palmer. New York: R. H.
Russell.
Mr. Frederick Palmer's Interesting book
wi'l throw much light on the late Graeco-
Turklsh war and will help those who are
Interested In military tactics to form
some understanding of the different bat
tles and their Immediate consequences.
As a war correspondent Mr. Palmer was
continually at the front, and he writes
of the happenings there In a graphic and
unprejudiced manner. Although the war
was largely of a farcical nature, the re
cital of numerous skirmishes powerfully
tolfi makes very good reading. Mr.
Palmer, moreover. Is not averse to Intro
ducing lighter matter into his story when
the same can bo used effectively. The
descriptions of the country near the seat
of war, and of the different types of sol
diery congregated there. Is all new ma
terial to people who have had to content
themselves with meager or Inaccurate
newspaper reports. Few Important de
tails appear to have escaped the writer's
eye. The book Is profusely Illustrated
with photographs taken by the author
and, altogether. It forms a valuable con
A DISAPPEARING RELIC OF DICKENS.
No. J5 Furnivaf's Inn, London, "Where the Novelet's Brst Work Was
Done, and Which Is to Be Tern Down.
Another remnant of Dickens* London Is disappearing In the rage for
"improvement." This time It Is Furnival's Inn, Holborn. that has fallen
into the hands of the dealer in second-hand lumber; and with it goes the
place that la haunted perhaps with some of the most pathetic memories In
the life of Dickens.
It was In Furnival's Inn that he lived in his bachelor days, when he
was a reporter on the Morning Chronicle, in the "three pair back" In No.
13. where he lived from Christmas, 1834, till Christmas, 1535. Then he moved
to the "three pair soi:th," in No. 15, whose windows in the illustration ara
the three on the right on the upper floor.
It was to these rooms that Dickens brought his wife, to whom he was
married in April, 1836, and where they lived until March of the following
year. These are the rooms he describes in "David Copperfield" as being
the home of Tommy Traddles, which were the scenes of such admirable
housekeeping expedients on the part of that most -wonderful girl, Sophy.
His oldest son was born here on January 6, 1837.
The "Sketches by Boz" were written here, the earlier number of the
"Pickwick Papers," and a number of his shorter works, such as "Sunday
Under Three Heads" and "The Strange Gentleman." The rooms numbered
three, one being a sitting room, and the others bedrooms, one of which
was occupied by the beloved Mary Hogarth.
A tablet on the outside of the Inn recorded the fact of Dickens having
lived there, and the exterior of the building, as shown In the Illustration,
Is precisely the same as it was when Dickens left to go to Doughty street,
in 1837.
trJbutlon to the literature dealing with
modern military matters.
BY AUTHOR OF "QUO VADIS."
HANIA— By Henryk Sienklewlca. Bos
ton: Little, Brown & Co.
Henryk Sienkiewlcz has written a new
book containing ten stories, some of
which are long and some short, but the
workmanship In none of them approaches
"Quo Vadis." "Hania. ' the first tale. Is
said to have been founded on actual oc
currences In the author's early lifetime.
It Is the story' of a young Polish girl who
has two suitors, but catches the small
pox and finally becomes a Sister of Char
ity. The death of her father, an old ser
vant in the Sienkiewlcz family, Is made
the subject of a prologue.
"Tartar Captivity" Is a romance sup
posed to have been written by a nobleman
in the seventeenth century, and throws
some light on the Ignorance and supersti
tions prevailing at the time, besides giv
ing one a good idea of how Tartar war
fare was conducted.
"Let Us Follow Him" treats of two Ro
man lovers who hover between Chris
tianity and paganism. They finally fol
low the Savior to Jerusalem and witness
his death. This story is neither original
In conception nor perfect in execution.
"Charcoal Sketches" treat of certain
phases of life In a Polish community and
are of value mainly for the light they
throw upon this subject. The rest of the
stories deal with social life In the author's
own country, and although somewhat
marred by a thinly veiled cynicism which
!s not always Intelligible, appear to be of
greater literary value than the otheru.
A careful perusal of the book Justifies
the statement that the writer of a auo
cessful novel Is seldom capable of turn
ing out good short stories, and vice versa.
STORIES FOR HORSEMEN.
WHIP AND SPUR— By George E. War-
Ing- Jr. New York: PnuMedav A Mc-
Clure. For sale by Payot, Upham &
Cp. Price $1.
This Is a hook of short stories written
for lovers of the noble ste«d by one who
understands and has studied horse-char
acter. The author's story of his first
horse, Vix. is told In a bright and charm
inp manner. Vix was rescued from a life
of 'drudgery in the New York street-car
line service and showed, in his later life
that he was fitted for better things. Many
of the chapters deal with war times, and
the colonel's mounts must indeed have
been worth possessing, as their intelli
gence appears to have been almost hu
man. The chapter on "Fox Hunting in
England" is one of the most interesting
in the book, as It gives one a good In
sight into that phase of English country
life. The frontispiece is a picture of UJO
colonel taken in war time.
THE CHOSEN RACE.
A SKETCH OF JEWISH HISTORY-By
Gustav Karpeles. Philadelphia. The
Jewish Publication Society of America.
Considering its brevity a better sketch
of Jewish history has never been offered
to the public than this by Gustav Kar
peles. It is a succinct narrative of a
truly wonderful race, written in a man
ner that is both Interesting and instruct
ive. The Jewish people are traced from
the awakening of historical conscious
ness to the present day. The author's
style is simple and clear, and he man
ag^a to condense his facts Into a small
space 4 In a manner that is truly marvel-
ova. The book will be of Interest to In
telligent people of all creeds and beliefs.
AN EDUCATIONAL WORK.
NATURE STUDY— By Mrs. L. L. Wilson.
The Macmil'an Company. For sale by
A. M. Robertson. Price 90 cents.
Little attention has hitherto been given
to "Nature Study," but it Is now ac
knowledged that thjs branch of learning
should form an important part In the
curriculum of our public schools, high
Bchools and colleges. Miss Wilson's book
I has been written for those who teach
; rather for those who are taught, and it
will undoubtedly prove of great service
to a number of teachers who have never
! taken up this particular line of study,
i The subjects under consideration are the
weather, plants, animate and stones, the
; course being divided into twelve parts ac
cordlng to the respective months. As a
I teacher's manual the book is without an
! equal. It dwells continually on the neces
i sity of observing small things and of in
structing children In little details that are
often permitted to pass unnoticed or un
explained.
WORDS THAT BURN.
THE SMART SET-By Clyde Fitch.
Chicago: Herbert S. Stone & Co. For
sale by Doxey. Price $1.
Clyde Fitch's "Smart Set" Is a clever
B tire on American society of a certain
I kind. In a series of letters and conver
| sations the author holds our snobs up
i to the ridicule of intelligent people in a
manner that must Btrike home. Every
page In the little book contains some
witty oaying at the expense of the arl»
1 tocracy.BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
AS A BOY SAW SAN FRANCISCO IN 1851.
IDO not. suppose that there is a
single girl or boy who reads the
Children's Fage of Jhe Call who
i? not interested in the Golden Jub
ilee.
They all know what it 13 about, of
course— that we are celebrating the fif
tieth anniversary < f an event which
made California known as the "Golden
State" all over the world. They know,
too, that all the o*d pioneer and all the
Native Bona and Daughters, and all
the adopted sons and daughters, and all
the grandchildren of the State are very
proud of their home and its history,
and anxious that the Jubilee shall be
a grand success. So while the older
people are busy helping the matter
along:. I will tell the younger ones how
Sar. Francisco looked to me when 1 first
came here.
I was a Iktle boy not 10 /ears
■when my farther decided :■> move from
New York Citj t this place. It took
forty days to make the . which
is a pleasure trip now, and live days
and a haif of that time were spent in
crossing the Isthmus of Darien, where,
except when crossing tin a and
Bailing down the Chagres rivers, the
children of the party were carried
along in chairs strapped to the backs
of black men, none of whom wore
more than a hickory shirt and a ban
dana handkerchief tied around hla
neck.
My first impression of Californians,
or at least of their dress was gained
on the Chagres. Our boat passed the
bodies of three drowned men lluating
on the water, all wearing dark panta
loons and two having on red and one
a blue shirt.
"What are tho.=e?" I asked the man
■who was hirr-d to go with us because
he could t«lk our language, and that
of the natives also, and could manage
our business with them, and he an
swered: "Those are Californians who
were going back to the States with
their piles and were probably drowned,
as often happens, by the capsizing of
their canoes."
Often sine then have I thought of
those drowned men, and the families
in the East who never knew the fate
of the loved ones that came to this far
off new country to earn money for them
and died while taking it home.
It was forty-seven years ago in the
early part of January that 1 first saw
the city of San Francisco. We came
up from Panama on the steamship Ten
nessee, one of the old line side-wheelers
that made the voyage in fifteen days,
and instead of coining straight into a
dock, as steamers do now, she cast an
chor some distance from shore, off
what was then known as "Clark's
Point." This same old Tennessee, by
the way, was wrecked two years later
near the North Heads'.
San Francisco was a queer-looking
place at that time, very different from
the big city from which I had come,
and the people looked different from
New Yorkers, too. I could see them
from the deck, going about on shore,
and they were all dressed like the poor
fellows in the river, wearing red or
blue shirts, dark trousers held up with
red or blue silk sashes and yellowish
brown sombreros, or else white Pan
ama straw hats.
The houses were ail small and built
for use instead of beauty. Many of
them were only shanties, and there
■were a number of tents scattered round
among them, and the whole town
looked very strange to me, used as I
was to the large buildings and hand
some streets of my Eeastern home.
On the eastern slope of Telegraph
Hill, where the work of cutting down
Its sides for ballast and to make room
for streets and warehouses had not yet
been begun, were quite a number of
hastily and roughly built houses,' and
on the top was the telegraph station,
•with its tall flag-staff, on which were
gTeat black arms that signaled to the
city below the arrival of vessels. ~ To
ward the south in the direction of La
Punta del Kincon the shore looked very
unpleasing, and the whole view made
me very homesick, so much so that I
told my parents: "I don't like this
place; I want to go back!"
When the time came to go ashore we
were taken over the ship's side into a
small boat, and rowed to a little wharf
not more than 200 feet long, which jut
ted out from the corner of Battery and
Vallejo streets and ended In a short
flight of steps. The distance from the
steamer was, about- three blocks, but
the boatman charged ten dollars for his
service.
Once on shore I became more home- *
sick than before, for ther^ were no
women in Fight and not a boy or girl ,
in the crowd at the landing. We were ;
to go to the house of some friends who
had come out about two months earlier
and we rode from th« wharf through
the unpaved. unplanked, muddy streets
up to the r?sio"enee part of the town
near Stockton and Vallejo streets, seat- ;
ed on our baggage in an old-fashioned
BY ERNEST C. STOCK.
two-wheeled dray. Our friends' house
was like all the others— very plain in
both looks and furnishing*, and the
chairs were rough benches, with I
and everything else to match.
That first supper in Pan Francisco
was of my providing 1 , ami was a sur
prise to every one— a double one as it
turn.d out "When 1 left the Bhip the
;rd. who had taken a gn
to me, grave me a little box and told me
to carry it carefully and not to open it
until I reached the house where we
A Miner Took. Me Up In His Arms."
were going. On opening it there I found
the contents to be three pi<s and three
dozen eggs, and my mother took a
dozen of the eggs and made an omel
ette of them. It was very good, but
we had no idea how good, until just as
we were finishing it our host asked if
we realized what our supper had cost.
The answer was: "Not murh, cer
tainly, for the steward gave those eggs
to the yo-ungster."
"How many did you use?" was the
next query. Only a dozen," was the
response.
"Well, then," said our friend, "we
have eaten just twelve dollars' worth,
for eggs are worth one dollar apiece
here." .
"Great heavens!" exclaimed father,
"why didn't you tell us that before?"
We had no more omelettes for a while,
for the twenty-foUr fges whjrh were
left were turned into cash without de-
lay.
The next day after our arrival T wont
out to walk and saw Mont gorm*ry and
Kearny streets, %\hich were the (•■!>
ters of business. Kearny street i
in a sandhill forty feet high at Butter,
and Montgomery ran nearly to Market.
from which a trail ran Into "Happy
Valley," which lay between Market,
First, Folsom and Third streets.
was a favorite residence portion of the
city. What sidewalks there wen
narrow, built of rough boards, and very
irregular, some parts being thr>
higher than others with steps connect
ing them, for the streets wt : ■
graded at all. Where there were no
sidewalks and it was very muddy
there were generally boxes set along
like stepping stones.
It had rained a few days before we
landed and the streets were over ankle
deep .with almost liquid mire. Mont
gomery was almost Imp .'spe
cially in the wagon tracks, and people
wishing to cross the streets would
pick up cases of goods from :;i front of
a store and make crossings of them,
the owners of the goods oever offer
ing any objections, though l( would
probably have made no difference if
they had. since people did about as
they pleased in such matters then.
One day I slipped off one of those
stepping boxes, and being small sunk
down to my knees in the mud. A big,
red-shirted man pulled me out, but In
doing so pulled me out of my boota
also. Those same boots were my pride*
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, STJXDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
as they were a pair of new red?topped
ones and the first 1 had t\
S.i the loss of th< ru nearly broke my
cuer, howevei
not to cry. ; nd carried me off to a
ami had me fltt< ■! to a new
j.air which cost him ?.". If the 1 ► - .- 1 r 1 1 • - r
beJd "'it those lust • , !s O f
mine are In that street still, three
grades below the present one.
There were very few children in the
city then, and for a 1.-ng time I ,
great pet with the generous- hearted
. old San Franciscans — God bl^ss them!
: Men who Had been away from their
homes and families for many long
I months would stop me on the street
I Jußt to talk to me and give me candy
j money, which was not dinvs or nickels,
; but gold pieces. One big rough beard-
Led man, I remember, took me up in his
I arms and kissed me with the tears
I rolling down his cheeks, saying that I
! reminded him of a little buy that he
j had left at home, and when he put me
down he gave me a ten dollar piece for
that little boy's sake. I soon learned
to love the warm hearted, kindly men
around me, and the admiring an
which I fHt for them in the early fif
ties has remained with me during all
the years sim •■.
T have a very vivid memory of the
first execution by the Vigilance Com
mittee of 1851. Hangings were public
in those days and everybody went to
see them.
I was not allowed to spend all my
time in idleness, for after a few
months, during which quite a number
of children had come to the city. I was
sent to school. The school bouse was
a dingy >>id building on the c. ; st sid"
<>f Dupont street, just north of Wash
ington, which place was then the heart
Of the city, though it is now the heart
of Chinatown. There were 12S puj<i!.s,
and the school was as good .i- \\:;s
possible at the time, though it seemed
very different from the one that I had
attended in New York, and was cer
tainly very different from the schools
v In- h are the pride of our city at the
lit day.
THE ENCHANTED MINE.
( ( / I \ ELIj us a mining story. Uncle
II I Jim ■"
The veteran miner smiled in
flulg^ntly at his nephew. Henry
_X. Hargpod, who had asked him
for the story, and Kitty, his
little niece, who seconded her
brothpr's request.
"Did I ever tell you about my enchant
ed mine?"
"No; tell us that story."
"Well," said Uncle Jim, "I found the
mine during the summer of '62. I had
been prospecting all over Nevada County,
having mixed luck; but I never struck it
very rich until I found my enchanted
mine. Billy Carstairs and I came here
together In '43. and we were partners for
a Inns lime. Il>- LT'-ru-rally was with me
when I wu.s oat prospecting, but be took
!!;•■ fever, WBM w.iy, and I was atone
whon I first saw the enchanted mine."
"But why ■;•( you call it the enchanted
mine, Uncle Jim?" asked Kitty.
"You will see as 1 go along. Well, I
started out of what is« now the pretty
town of Grass Valley, on a bright May
morning. The air was fresh and sweet.
the trail was bordered by wild flowers,
the birds were all singing, and your Uncle
Jim was In fine spirits. 1 had no very
clear idea where 1 was going. Tim Mul
'.•i-y. who had picked up a- fortune without
knowing a thing about mining, told me
that he bad a dream about a big spring, i
under some eottonwood trees, by a creek,
the sides of which were lined with gold
and which was boiling op bo strong that'
it was bringing up little nuggets and gold j
dust, to line the bottom.
"Tim was a dreamer and the boys all
naturally laughed at him, but I recollect
ed that before Tim picked up the nuggets
that made him rich, he told me that he
had a dream thai ■•• was going to find
them. Sure enough, the very next month
he came into his tuck. 80, when he told
me about the boiling spring that was
llaed and floored with pure gold. I was
Inclined to give the dream a try. Tim Bald
that if I found tho spring be would not
claim it. Besides that, I wanted money to
send east -for your Aunt Jane, who was
living then In Massachusetts,- on Marthas
Vineyard, to bring her to California.
"My partner. Billy Carstairs, did not
laugh at me because I thought that there
might be luck in Tim's second dream, but
the other — we .were all boys then-
Joked me a lot. None of them wanted to
go with me, and that was why I started
alone. I had a good rifle to shoot game
with, and my mining outfit and enough
grub, added to the other things, to make
my load heavy enough so that I would
not travel many miles, up and down the
mountains, per day. Tim did not dream
out whether the boiling spring was ten
miles or one hundred miles away.
" "Yon must trust yourself entirely to
luck,' Tim said, 'or, as sure as you are
alive you'll never find It, Jim.'
"I had. been out two days without seeing
ang cottonwood trees over a spring, when
I ran across the biggest grizzly bear I
ever saw. Perhaps it would be better to
say that he ran across me, for ho was
trotting down the trail In my direction
as I was toiling up the grade. We both
ran In a minute. - Th« boar was fright
ened and so was I, and we went in op
posite directions. Before I stopped I
had lost the trail and was in the mouth
of a narrow canyon, with straight up
and down walls, the tops of which seem
ed to almost reach the sky. Through the
canyon ran a stream of sparkling- water.
"Now, your Uncle Jim had passed over
the mountains several times and thought
that he knew all • the country within
miles of the trail; but I had never heard
of this canyon before. Anyhow. I was
clear of the bear, and something prompt
ed mo to go on. So I tramped up the
canyon several miles. When it wns
night I decided to go Into camp. I was
pretty tired and did not notice what sort
of trees I was under until I had finished
my supper. Then I filled my pipe and
lay on my back, smoked and looked up
•Well, well." I said, 'sure enough here are
cottonwood trees. ' It was too late then
to look for the boiling and gold-lined
spring, but my heart gave a thump as I
thought that perhaps I was going to
find Tim's dream true.
"The thought excited me so that I
could not^leep for pome hours. Finally
my eyes closed. But hardly had this
happened, as I thought, when I awoke.
To my astonishment the sun was high
above the canyon, so that l knew it must
i•■ well along in the forenoon. I Jumped
up. ate a crust of bread and began to
starch, with all haste possible, for the
enchanted mine. Less than half a mile
from my camping place I found tho g ild
liii. d spring. There were masses of nearly
pur.- gold In sight that were worth many
thousands of dollars.
"Y< i may be rare, my young friends.
that 1 was happy. No more poverty; no
nvre struggles for wealth; money enough
to .-• i d f( r Aunt ,i oe and to enrich both
myself and my partner and to buy us
handsome homes in San Francisco; no
g how much gold there was near
■r!i.«: I was always prudent, and
my first thought was that, as there was
nior>- in sight than I could carry
away without help. I would dig a hole
and bury my treasure out of sight before
I proceeded t.. search further. I stuck
my pick In the soil in twenty places, only
to turn up richer nugget* My brain
I, for I had evidently found richer
gr< diggings than ever had been imag
- beard of by man.
"Co where I would. I found gold. At
one place I cried out with astonishment,
for in fn.nt of me was a high cliff which
s. . mod to be all one huge nugget, and it
shone in the sunlight like burnished"
brass. Everywhere were !>>widers and
ledges from which I could pick out al
most pure gold. Yon may have heard
about the joy of burping money. Well,
i was so beside myself with excitement
that, in pure recklessness. I rolled bowl
der after bowlder Into tho creek, every
■' which was worth a fortune, and I
saw them pink in the water out of sight
without a sigh or care.
"Pretty soon 1 noticed that tho water
in the creek began to rise, and an idea
came to me. If I could dam up the creek
1 would have de. p wat<T in which to hide
my treasures. By the end of the week,
working all that my strength would per
mit, I had a complete dam made, every
stone of which was tilled with treasure.
That dam was worth $100.00.1.000 of the
Bank of California's money. At the close
of my work on the dam I wns tempted to
ick to Grass Valley t<i get help to
carry out the gold; but the more I
thought the more 1 believed that it would
be better to stay where I was. fence in
enough of the claim and wa.it for some
one to find ni<».
"The next day I began to fence In the
claim, and I carved on several tree limbs
the fact that I was the owner. Then,
having nothing Mso to do, and finding
many fiat stones in the bed or the creek,
I built mo a house. Never before or
since was there such a building. It was
more gold than stone. I sat on a stone
bench that sparkled with the precious
metal and ate from a gold-inlaid table
that was worth the ransom of a prince.
I did not wish to draw strangers by fir
ing a gun, and so learned to kill game
with stones. Often I threw away $500
worth of gold before I could hit a bird
for breakfast. My practice before I
coyld hit anything cost me hundreds of
thousands of dollars.
"Altogether I lived at the Enchanted
mine three months without seeing any
one. Then my curiosity prompted me to
dig up the boiling spring. That was a
fatal mistake. I stirred up a what do
you call It— a genius? One of those queer
people who doesn't act like any one
else."
"A genie, perhaps that is what you
mean. Uncle Jim."
"Yes, I guess that Is it. One of those
spring. He was as black as coal and at
THE BUMPKINS DISCOVER A GOLD MINE.
persons such as Aladdin could call up
with a lamp. lie came right out of the
least twelve feet high."
"Oh. Uncle Jin>!"
"Kitty, he wasn't an inrh less, as I saw
him. He came at me co fiercely that I
ran away."
"Was there really an enchanted mine.
Uncle Jim?"
"I am coming to that. The genie ran
after me, and I made the best speed I
could. I fell over a precipice or. some
CRUISE OF THE CALIFORNIA.
[Synopsis of preceding chapters: Pinnle has
been carried off a captive by Ghoor-Ghee-Tee,
the Chief of the skull-hunters. After drag
ging Binnie and a party of savage captives
through the forests until they are worn out
and can no lonKer be made to run by
beating with rods, Ghoor-Ghee-Tee makes
a camp beside a river. Kemona. the Aub
tralian bushman, following the trail many
miles, derides to float down a stream that run
into the Marwise River, and he hollows out the
trunk of h tree and proceeds. He finds that
he must either fro over a great waterfall, in
the darkness of night and at the risk of his
life, or give up the chance to save Elnnie. The
Australian takes the fearful leap through the
raging waters and passes safely through the
whirlpool below the waterfall. He then goes
alone to rescue Binnie from the camp of
Ghoor-Ghee-Tee.]
CHAPTER XIII.
KEMONA stole toward ihe camp
of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee as silently
as a shadow. From his hollow
war club he took a belt, filled
with ammunition, and into this
he thrust his four loaded re
volvers. He took his long, keen bladed
knife in one hand and in the other held
the stout war club. So he was ready
for the fray.
But Kemona wanted to save his am
munition if he could, thinking that, on
the long backward march to the lagoon
where he had left the California, there
might be need of it all, for he must
count upon meeting roaming savages
and he and Binnie must kill game for
meat. He could easily have shot
Ghoor-Ghee-Tee. His plan was to lib
erate not only Binnie but all the sav
age prisoners, and he pushed forward
full of this purpose.
The slaves of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee sur
rounded the camp fire. The prisoners,
including Binnie, were near the fire,
and the light of the burning boughs
made it impossible for them to rise to
their feet without attracting the notice
of the savages who were standing
watch over them. Kemona was not
long in reaching a decision when he
noticed this.
"There is but one way," he said. "I
must go boldiy forward to the fire and
take the chance that the savages may
see that I am not one of their tribe.
But first—"
By this Kemona meant that first he
must find some way to break through
the line of guards without giving an
alarm.
He circled slowly about the camp,
•x.^rriPing great care, for he knew that
the savages had sharp eyes and sharp
ears, and that the least accident, like
the snapping of a iwig beneath his
feet, might ruin all. He wished to find
a savage Just about his size, and then —
Suddenly he saw the man he was
looking for. He replaced in the war
club all the pistols and the knife. Then
he crept quietly forward with the club
in hand and crouched behind a bush.
Then he waited, patiently, for the sav
age guard to pass him. There was
danger that a struggle with him would
alarm the camp, but he must take the
chances. Kemona was crouched, like
a tiger, to spring. He breathed a deep
sigh of relief as he saw the savage lie
down and prepare to sleep. Half an
hour later Kemona had gagged and
bound the savage and boldly he walked
to the fire.
Binnie was awake. He was thrilled
with surprise as he saw Kemona,
whom he knew at once. Kemona, un
der the pretense of fixing the fire,
which he poked with his club, managed
to get the share knife from it and to
drop it in reach of Binnie. The lad
pushed the thongs that hold his wrists
against the blade and was freed.
"Ugh:" said Ghoor-Ghee-Tee, slow
iy waking up, "I dreamed the white
men had come."
Binnie hastily covered up the knife
with his arms and waited while Ghoor-
Ghee-Tee looked sharply about the
camp. Kemona had gone outside of
the camp as soon as Binnie had the
knife, and so the chief did not see him.
Ghoor-Ghee-Tee was not satisfied un
til he went among the prisoners and
counted them. It was an anxious min
ute for Binnie when the chief stood
over him, for the knife might be seen.
But the blade was out of sight.
Kemona, now having a revolver in
his hand, glared at the chief from the
darkness, and any hostile movement by
Ghoor-Ghee-Tee against Binnie would
have been answered at once by a bul
let. Ghoor-Ghee-Tee kicked several
slaves, to keep them wide awake, and
went back to sleep, without having
made any discovery.
Kemona was encouraged that he had
heen successful so far. Like a lynx
he watched Ghoor-Ghee-Tee. So did
Binnie. A half hour passed before it
was safe to make another move. To
Binnie it seemed an age. But then
the chief slept. Without attracting
the attention of the guards Binnie
managed to cut the bonds of the sav
age captive next to him. The savage
was quick to learn and he freed four
of his comrades before any of his
guards took an alarm.
When a shrill shriek told Ghoor-
Ghee-Tee that there was an enemy
thing, and it was all dark. The next
thing I knew a doctor was standing over
me saying, 'He will pull through now.'
And your Aunt Jane was there crying as
if her heart would break."
"But the genie?"
"All brain fever. I never went out on
the trail at all, but Carstairs did, and ho
made enough money for us both."
"And the house of solid gold and th«
fortunes you threw at the birds?"
• "All a dream, my children."
near, he leaped to his feet and seized
the ax with w hich he had won the vic
tory at the lagoon. He immediately
faced Binnie, who had Kemona's knife
in his hand. The guards closed in
around the camp, but the revolver in
Koraona's hands began to crack rap-
Idly, he firing with both hands. At
once a panic seized the savages, they
thinking that the crew of the Califor
nia were there. One or two fell. The
others fled with loud howls of fear.
Even Ghoor-Ghee-Tee ran away and
escaped in the darkness.
It was the work of only a few min
utes to free the other prisoners. Bin
nie had not been hurt. The captive
chief, whom Binnie had helped on the
march, spoke to his followers, and they
surrounded the white boy and each
fell on the ground on his face and told
Binnie that he would be his slave and
fight for him and serve him in every
tray. Then the chief, also, falling on
his face, took Binnie's foot and placed
it on his head.
It was still an hour from daylight.
Binnie and Kemona sat by the fire and
talked earnestly. Kemona told all
about his pursuit of the savages.
"When he spoke of shooting the water
! fall. Binnie looked at the Australian
with admiration and gratitude. Ke
mona was for starting back in the di
rection of the lagoon as f<>on as possi
i ble. Binnie shrewdly reasoned, after
talking with the savages and learning
that Ghoor-Ghee-Tee's country was
along the Marwise River, that Harry
Ostend was now sailinpr up the river, to
head the Skull Hunters off.
"We must go on," Binnie said de
cidedly. "There is nothing in turning
I back."
"But what have we to go on for?'
"Here is the nucleus of a small army
in these savages. We will go with
them to their own country. There we
will gather a sufficient force and try
to rescue the German who is a King in
the land near that held by Ghoor-
Ghee-Tee. Then we will go to the
Marwise River. Our friends will find
us in some way."
Kemona was able to understand all
that the savages said! He said that
it would be well to call the chief and
have a council of war. Hut he was
surprised at Binnie's bold and great
"How can we reach the Afarklse
country wh^-re the white man is king?"
! asked Binnie.
"Only by passing through the land
I where Ghoor-Ghee-Tee lives and
j reigns." .
"But how shall we pass.'
"White friend," proudly answered the
: savage chief, "in the land of the people
lof Mah-Coh-Gah are ten thousand
fighting men, who never fail to bring
! down an eagle on the wing with an
arrow; who- can. run all day and night
i and never tire; who are as terrible as
the whirlwind when they go out to bat
! tie; who will all burn with rape when
they hear that Ghoor-Ghee-Tee has
made our people prisoners and has kill
ed Mah-Coh-Cah. Ghoor-Ghee-Tee
knows this, and has run away that he
may get his tribes gathered. He may
| begin the war upon us himself, hoping
to surprise our people and burn- our
villages."
"How many fighting men has Ghoor
| Ghee-Tee?"
"They are like the trees of the forest
! for numfjer."
"What do- you think, Kemona?" ask
ed Binnie.
"We had better go with these peo-
I pie."
It was settled that the march should
begin as soon as daylight came. Koti.
which was the name of the chief, was
j much pleased when he heard this and
I more pleased when Kemona, who had
i served in the British army, promised
j to teach the. warriors of Kotl's nation
! to fight like white men.
The savages proved to be great run
ners an their march. Kemona found
no difficulty in keeping up. Binnie was
glad when Koti said, after traveling
several days: "There is my country."
Binnie was plucky, but tired.
Savages came across the party and
j told Koti of news that already the
! Skull Hunters were making ready for
I war. A great battle might take place
any daj* — perhaps on the mnrrow.
"Do you know what the savages are
saying about you, Binnie?" asked Ke
mona. "They say that you have been
pent to them to* be their great vnr
chief, and the heads of the tribes will
ask you to help them."
"Then T will he thf trenoral of the
forces to face the tribes? of Ghoor-Ghee-
Tee?"
'"Will you please the savagres?"
"Yes: if you will drill them and be
my aid."
Kemona and Binnie clasped hands
and made the agreement. Binnie had
not thought that anythin? so stranere
as this could befall him when he went
on board of the yacht at San Francis
co.
(To be Continued.)
2526
HOW SCHOOL TEACHERS HELP ONE ANOTHER
IT -was as early as 1872 that the teach
ers of the San Francisco School De
partment began to realize the Im
portance nf organizing for the pur
pose of aiding one another In time of
need.- Ably engineered b'- Miss Kate
Kennedy, always a foremost progressive
Bpirit in school affairs, a plan was at
length perfected by which the San Fran
cisco Teachers' Mutual Aid Society, the
the first of the kind in the United States,
It le claimed, came into existence on May
18. 187S, Miss Kennedy being elected presi
dent.
This society does not pretend to be a
charitable Institution, but has adopted
the insurance plan and is conducted as
far aa possible on a purely business basis.
As its name implies, the organization was
formed for the relief of its sick or dis
abled members. That the society has
•tood the test of all these succeeding
years with undiminished prosperity cer
tainly proves its soundness and efficiency.
However, in 1889 it was thought best to
Incorporate. Accordingly on March 13 of
that year articles of Incorporation were
filed and the society waa transformed
Into a recognized legal body In accordance
with the laws of our State. Of the first
board of directors after this change Miss
Jessie Smith was president.
At the close of its first year th* so
ciety had forty-seven names upon its roll
and $2060 in its treasury. To-day the
membership numbers 400 and there is
$20,000 in bank. The society is paying a
higher rate of sick benefits than the Odd
Fellows or other organizations of the
kind. In order to become a member of
the Mutual Aid Society a teacher must
pay an Initiation fee of $10 and dues of
50 cents a month thereafter. In return
for this the society pays si'-k bene'H? of
$10 a week and also $75 toward funeral ex
penses. All Teachers, whether rich or
poor, receive these benefits alike.
When a teacner has been paid the maxi
mum sum of $300 during a spell of illness,
then, according to provision n the by
laws, he or she may further receive $5
per week at the option of the society.
The members of the society do not re
ceive benefits during vacation. In order
to draw their $10 a week teachers must
be sick five consecutive days, which con
stitutes a school week. To secure proper
observation of these rules the schools of
the city are divided into districts, and the
work of visiting sick members is placed
in charge of regular visiting committees.
One of these must twice a week visit the
teacher who is ill and the latter's claim
for benefits must be duly audited and
signed by the proper committees and the
president of the society.
The society annually elects a board of
EDUCATION OF YOUTHFUL MONGOLIANS.
The Chinese public school, of which
Miss Rose Thayer is principal, was
opened about ISB3. and to-day contains
five classes of 121 pupils, eight only being
girls.
The course of study Is the same as
that followed in the other primary
schools of the city. In the first grades
reading, writing, spelling ar.d arithmetic
are taught, and in the higher grades
language, geography and history, includ
ing the early history of the United States
and the biographies of Columbus, Wash-
eleven directors, and this board Is re
sponsible for the management of the
turds and the business of the society In
general. The latter Is transacted at the
semi-annual meetings of all the members.
The officer? of the society for the pres
ent year are as follows: President, Miss
Laura T. Fowler, one of the original
founders and a most capable and efficient
member, this being her third term of
office; financial secretary. Miss Nellie
Haswell; recording secretary. Miss Mar
grette Grote; treasurer. Miss Alice
d'Arcy.
At the last meeting of the society on
the 14th of this month a committee was
appointed to revise and republish the by
laws.
• • •
Alameda County has a large Teachers'
Association, of which only a small part
are contributors to the teachers' annuity
fund. At a recent meeting a standing
committee, composed of Superintendent
Garlick as chairman. Miss Cohen of Ala
meda and Miss French of Berkeley, was
appointed to further the cause of this
fund among the teachers of the general
association of 200 members. At a meet
CzMj? Do not confuse "Cola this" and "Kola that"
FSy with Dr ' Charcot*! Kola Nerrine TableU.
M The Mighty Black Men of%
of Western Tropical Africa— grand ISSjW^ '
i^^^ specimens of physical development— BmfierT^-y WSM
W*SM tfcpend for vigor and energy upon
L the nerve and muscle-building qual- y^^^^^off^
WMsm%. ities of the Kola (guru) nut. By its
fix wk use they are enabled to withstand the Koi.Nut.
. fatigue of killing marches and to perform feats of strength
iSTiSFfH impossible with those not using the nut. Thousands of
&CM|I men and women in this city owe their energy to the pre-
iflilW cious qualities extracted from this noble nut combined in
gjßisf DR. CHARCOT'S Kola Nervine Tablets. These tablets,
Ig^lt' made (from the FRESH KOLA NUTS) upon the pre-
TBMgif scriptionof Dr. Jean Martin Charcot, the greatest doctor
RWsa the world has ever known, absolutely banish sleeplessness
¥& and nervous troubles. DR. CHARCOT'S
¥W Write for PROOFS of CVRES, « JJ&taf
MM 50c and $1 a package. Get them ref *^J2I
«E;^ supply you, send money and
druggist's name and we will send *2feß/iS?C
Pkjp&» Eureka Chemical and Manufacturing: Co., La Crosse, Wis.
***fa*» '■'<;y/'izammmmimmmta^mmmmmmmmam^^ t> .
REDINQTON & .CO, General Distributor*.
Satisfactory Progress of tke Mutual /\id Society.
ing on June 8 those teachers already In- ]
terested In the fund organized as a sec
tion of the State Teachers' Annuity and
Retirement Fund.
The matter of the High School teachers j
becoming contributors to the fund has
been referred for decision to the District
Attorney. The difficulty lies in the read- \
ing of the law, which is not clear as to !
the position of these teachers in regard
to the fund. The law provides that the
County Treasurer shall deduct $1 from
the monthly warrants of teachers, to be
placed in the annuity fund; but as the
High School teachers are paid, not
through the County Treasurer, but
through the city, no method has aa yet
been provided by which the contributions
of these teachers to the fund can be r«
celved by the County Treasurer.
If the decision of the District Attorney
Is favorable to the annuity fund a num
ber of the High School teachers will im- i
mediately Join.
As the City and County Treasurer of j
San Francisco is one and the same person !
this difficulty has not arisen here but it Is
hoped that an amendment to the law de
ciding the question, which affects High
School teachers all over the State, will
be carried at the next Legislature.
• • •
All the ninth grade pupils of Oakland, :
except one small '-'.ass in East Oakland, '
ore concentrated in the Central Grammar
School. In this ninth ■gTath- the scnolars ,
select either a manual training course of j
two years or a one-year Latin course. At
the "end of the year the Latin students
go to the High School.
There is also an additional year — the
eleventh grade— for those students wl6h- j
ing to complete the commercial course, j
If this term the ninth grade proves over- i
crowded the commercial department will !
be temporarily removed to the High !
School, until such a time as the condi- !
tion of the funds will permit an addition |
to the Central School building for Its ac
commodation.
The last diplomas in the commercial d<?- :
partment were issued at the end of last \
year to Miss Blanche Morse, a grand
daughter of Ex-Sheriff Harry Morse; to j
Miss Edna Price and to Archie Bo!an<\.
Hereafter the City Board nf Education
will probably not grant diplomas to grad
uates of this course, but will merely issue
certificates of proficiency.
The Mariposa Chronicle of September
S, 1854, Bays: "Thomas Daguerreau of
Mariposa. having taken charge of the
school, wishes to announce to the public
that his saloon will li» closed except on
Saturdays, and on that day pictures will
be taken from sunrise to sunset."
This was the first public school In Mari
posa County, and the fifty-third In the
State. To-day the county contains thirty
five school districts, with an attendance
of 950 children. This Is about S5 per cent
of the whole number of censuß children.
PUPILS OF THE CHINESE PUBLIC SCHOOL.
Ington. Franklin, etc., are studied.
The pupils are quiet and exceedingly
docile, showing a profound respect for
their teachers. Though many of them
are employed in stores and also attend
the Chinese school, they thoroughly en-
Joy the public school work and prove apt
students. They receive no report cards
and have no rewards in view, but simply
work for the pleasure of it.
Arithmetic proves especially easy for
these bright-eyed Chinese youngsters,
but reading Is thoir chief enjoyment At
Christmas ti n i^ a number of Chinese
merchants — some of whom had no chil
i
The deficiency is largely due to the mag- !
niflcent distances between school houses. |
In order to visit each district once every
school year and to find the school In ses
sion the County Superintendent drives :
some 600 miles, but goes her way reloic
ing and blessing the law that established
schools at lovely Wawona and in the Yo- :
semite Valley.
Mariposa County has an efficient corps
Of teachers, who arc energetic, progres- j
sive and solf-sacrifirinp. Most <>f them '
are graduates of the surrounding
schools and residents of the county. Six
of the present teachers are men. which is
a larger numbr-r than for several years.
Not so many studies are taught h<»re
as In other counties which have longer
school terms, but the work as a rule Is
thoroughly done and well up to the
standard elsewhere.
• • •
The following is an extract from a
most interesting paper on "The Study of
Local History." which web read by F
H. Clark of the Lowell High School be
fore a recent meeting of the Teachers'
Club:
"Of all the studies pursued or attempt-
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
Ed In the schools and colleges there Is
hardly any more In need than history of
patient, Intelligent effort toward im
provement In teaching. The session or
the State Teachers' Association just past
bore evidence of a stronger Interest In
THE NEW MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
THE work on the new Mission High Schoo! at the corner of Eighteenth and Dolores streets has progressed to the third
story. The cost of the finished building will be about S^o.ocm, C. I. Havens being architect. There will be fifteen
classrooms and spacious chemistry and physical laboratories, ie.ture-rroms, and a large assembly-hall seating about 1500
persons. Below the latter will be a gymnasium, about 80 feet square. The bui. ding will be ready lor occupancy by
July next Joseph O'Connor has lately been elected principal.
the field of history teaching, and It Is to
be hoped that this Increased Interest will
soon bear fruit. But the queglonp that
now directly concern us are: can
we do In this Held of local study if we
try, what -will it amount to and how
dren attending the school— made up a
generous purse with which to buy and
decorate a beautiful tree, and also lent
a hall, where singing, exercises and drills
took place among a delighted throng of
Chinese spectators. The children received
the sime toys as their American friends,
but the boys asked especially for books.
Fairy tales, "Gulliver," "Robinson
Crusoe." etc, were read with avlditj ,
aixl one boy of a mechanical turn of
mind asked for a book on electricity. On
account of preparation for Chinese New
Year the school this week has tem
porarily lost a number of Its pupils.
shall we work? •
"Every man has a biography, even If
It is never wrlten. Every place has its
history even If the world cares nothing
for it. There Is no school In California or
anywhere else which has not an opportu
nity to study local history. But San
Irancisco is great enough and stands for
enough in the general life of the nation
to deserve attention far beyond the ordi
nary locality.
PROGRESS OF EDUCATION IN NAPA COUNTY.
Though Napa County 1s small In area and population. It has been forging ahead In educational lines until the
work done has attracted the notice of educatorH throughout the State. Until IS9O the superintendent was not expected to
devoto his time to th»» work of the office, and while the superintendents have in general been excellent teachers and
conscientious workers, thHr bent efforts have been devoted to the schools In which they have taught.
During the present administration, of which this article treats, there have been two high schools established, a
district school at Xapa and a union high school at St. Helena. In both of these a four-year course has been adopted.
F. O. Mower, formerly of the Oak Mound, is principal of the Napa school. F. J. Metsler. whose work at the Esparto
high school of Yolo County Is bo well and favorably known, was chosen as principal of the St. Helena school.
There are, besides the high schools, flfty-flve districts. Of these fifteen during the last year held a ten months'
school; sixteen from nine to nine and three-fourths months; three only falling below eight. The. salaries of thesa
schools range from $50 to $150 per month. Of the ninety-two teachers about 331-3 per c*nt have had professional train-
Ing in the normal schools or the universities of this State. The trustees are beginning to sea the wisdom of retaining
good teachers, as is evidenced by the long tenure of office.
The present superintendent. Miss Kate Ames, was elected In 1594. and with the beginning of her administration
came a new era in the method of work at the central office. From circular letters we have received, we judge that the
most important reforms have been along two lines. It is these reforms that have attracted most notice and which Miss
Ames was requested to present before the State Teachers' Association, which met in San Francisco In December. In
all of her attempts at Improvement the co-operation of the Board of Education, of teachers, and trustees has been most
gratifying.
As is the case in most school libraries, the books, while excellent, were not suited to tha age of the children.
Through a circular sent out during the first year, ami suggestions that have followed from time to time, some books
suitable to the age of children have been placed in nearly all the schools. At the same time the superintendent present
ed to the Board of Education the need of a course In supplemental reading. This was made out in December, 1895. and
Introduced Into the schools at the opening of the spring term. In this, also, the trustees deserve especial commenda
tion for their co-operation and material aid.
Perhaps the most progressive step is the course in professslonal reading. This Miss Ames has outlined and sent
to teachers as a suggestion for the year's reading. Last year this met with remarkable success. Though not compul
sory, many of the teachers did the reading and were ready to discuss the questions presented at the institute.
During the last year three books constituted the course: Historical, Quick's "Educational Reformers"; personal,
Rousseau's "Emlle"; classical, PestaJozzl's "Leonard and Gertrude." Besides these, teachers were urged to read the
report of the State Council and the three great reports of the Committees of Ten. Twelve and Fifteen. Other sug
gestions were made in reference to articles bearing on the books read. One day was devoted to this work, under the
direction of Dr. Thomas P. Bailey, at the annual institute
"Passing over the Important part that
San u'ranciaco has always played In the
history of the coast let us enumerate
some of the functions that are now in ex
ercise. Our city is a iinanclal center, a
center of capital, credit and exchange; it
Is a market for the products of farm and
dairy of a great part of the surrounding
country; it is a supply point for Imported
and manufactured articles in many lines
of commerce. Is a port of entry for the
growing trade from across the Pacific and
around the continent, and it is the prin
cipaJ shipping point for the surplus wheat
yield of the State. San Francisco is met
ropolitan in its newspapers and Its thea
ters, is cosmopolitan to the highest de
gree in its population, is the leading polit
ical center of the State and is tho resi
dence of nearly one-fourth the members
of the State Legislature.
"In there here any lack of material for
the student of local hlitory? No one need
fear lest be have to travel in paths ai
ready well trodden. You can beat out
new lines to your heart's content. But
Just here Is our main question: Why does
history prove so hard a subject for
young people and many adults also?
Is it not largely due to the smallness and
narrowness of their Individual experi
ence? Is it because our actual lives can
not possibly bring to us the thought and
activity of past generation!* that we turn
to history for expansion and enrichment
of knowledge? But to profit by this
knowledge our own lives must be touched
with sympathy, and we must never for
• ••■; that the men and women of the past
thought, felt and acted largely as we do
to-day. And so. by studying one's own
life and community in its tangible his
tory, the student builds a bridce of sym
pathy between Hie present and the past,
and the broad avenues of history will
lead to a more complete and abundant
life and thought.
"Our school children do not take them
selves or their community very seriously.
They are not students in these lines.
Hero, then, is an imperative need for this
bridge of sympathy, and if needed for the
pupils how much more so for the teach
ers. At this point we may call to mind
th<> recent saying of Professor Griggs.
that we Influence our pupils not alone by
what we are, but also by what we try to
be. and that to be teachers truly we must
be students and learners as well.
"In order, then, primarily to advance
the thought and work of our schools and
of universities In history study, and If
possible to contribute something to the
general culture of our community, the
Teachers" Club proposes to form a sec
tion for work in local history. It mat
ters little who Is leader. The three m^in
points that will brine success are, that
each teacher interest »-d take up somo par
ticular question and work at it; that all
co-operatf by meeting and discussing the
results of the work, and that a fresh
spirit of enthusiasm and belief in the
Importance of history be Infused into our
schools ."
ON THE
BLACKBOARD.
Contrary to popular opinion, the week's
vacation accorded to the San Francisco
schools during the Jubilee celebration
does not meet with approval of the ma
jority of t'-achf-rs In the department, for
every day thus taken means bo much
greater crowding of pupils and teachers
In the definite amount of work which
must be accomplished before the close of
the term.
• • •
Tn the Adams Cosmopolitan School
there are, this term. 700 German students,
and 150 taking French.
• « •
On Thursday evoninp. January 20, Sup
erintendent Webster pave the second of
two instructive lectures upon the metric
chart and metric system before the
Teachers' Club, of which he is ex-offlcio
an honorary member. The invitations
s»-nt out by the club to the teachers of
tho seventh, eighth and ninth grades re
sult fd in a large and Interested audience
that listened with close attention.
• • •
The manual training class of the Teach
ers' Club, under the instruction of Frank
Gardner of the Polytechnic High School,
has resumed work. It is the purpose of
thi- club to provide facilities for pursuing
the study of pp^clal subjects as occasions
arls<» from demands made upon teachers
by an ever varying ciirriculum.
The report comes from San Jose that
the teachers of Santa Clara County have
had two or three meetings in regard to
the pension fund, which have proved de
cidedly chilling, and they have hitherto
failed to perfect an organization, since so
many cannot see any feasibility in the
plan of the fund.
• • •
Another second grade, making nineteen
classes in all, has been added to the
John Swett School. Miss Tidd has been
appointed teacher.
In the same school there has been
adopted the ; custom of having the . dif
ferent grammar grades meet on the al
ternating Fridays of the month to take
part in musical and literary exercises.
The recitations are almost exclusively
from American- authors. On some Fri
days those pupili ... who have traveled
abroad give • talks on th« places visited,
and exhibit DhotocraKhs. The urns Idea
is carried out in the primary depart
ment.
• • •
Dr. W. A. Flnley has been appointed
Superintendent of Madera County, vice
B. A. Hawkins, resigned, on account of
Illness.
• • •
Misa Susie Lord Currier, who has long
been prominent as teacher, poet and
story writer In Washington, has recently
entered Berkeley for a graduate course
In pedagogy.
• • •
The State Board of Education will meet
early in February at Sacramento to des
ignate the official organ of education.
• • •
A. Winship, editor of the New England
Journal of Education, will be on© of th«
noted lecturers at the Southern Califor
nia State Teachers' Association which
meets in March at Los Angeles.
During the Jubilee celebration next
week sixteen companies from the dif
ferent schools will have a competitive
drill for a silk banner. These young sol
diers are being drilled by Professor Mieh
ling. special teacher of physical culture
In the department.
• • •
Girls from the various schools will sing
the State and national songs at Wood
ward's Gardens, and there will also be
a chorus of trained voices of boys and
girls.
The students of the Lowell High School,
particularly the Beniors. have Just issued
the first number of their magazine, the
Lowell. It makes a very creditable ap
p.-aranee, with its bright red cover and
Interesting pages. Professor Clark of the
history department contributes the lead-
Ing article.
• • •
Two companies of seventy-two each
from the Lincoln School will drill on
Monday. The boys will wear red. yellow
un<l blue ribbons, representing the two
universities, bearing "L. G. S." in let
ters of gold.
• • •
In the Lowell High School the company
of sixty cadets, under the able leadership
of Captain Charles G. Bartlett. will turn
nut iifxt we»-k with flying colors. This
company, which is attached to the First
Regiment, N. G. <".. is the only one in
the State under regular Government su
pervision, and receives an apportionment
of $44) per month.
• • •
On Tuesday there will be a football
grame between the National Guard and
the regular army, the team of the former
being mainly composed of cadets, under
the leadership of Captain E. Robinson.
Some of the cadets will also take part in
the Wednesday tournament. On Janu
ary 2S. at the opening of the Mining Fair,
the cadets will again parade with the
First Regiment, under the command of
Colonel James F. Smith.
• • •
The course of lectures on military ta»
tics, which begun before Christmas, will
be resumed during the present term. Cap
tain K. A. O'Connell, T. S. A., will de
liver the next lecture, which will be upon
••Military Law."
• • •
Last Thursday evening Colonel Smith,
In whose honor Camp Smith last fall was
named, was presented with a fine album,
containing the history and photographs
of the life nt camp, which were eollecU-d
by the officers and non-commissioned of
ficers of the Cadet Company.
LIVE QUAIL IN LONDON MARKET.
The only foreign game birds which
arrive here alive are thp quails. They
reach us in the early spring:. Just when
every other kind of frame is out of sea
son and young ducks and chickens
are either still In the shell or extrava
gantly dear. So are the quails, but, as
the old farmer said of the curacao at t
shillings a glass, they are "wurth It
too." The Egyptian quails come first.
A month later the Italian quails arrive.
Their numbers seem never to diminish,
though 18,000 were brought to Rome in
one day. Dealers collect them from
Sicily, the Naples coast, and that strip
of sandhills between the Pontlne
marshes and the sea, stretching from
Nettuno to Astura. The Italian birds
all come by rail via Paris, in the small
low cages, which prevent them from
hurting themselves by trying to fly. As
soon as they arrive they are sent to
London to be fattened, unless it is In
tended to use them for winter fatten
ing, when they are kept in Paris. —
Cornhlll Magazine.
There is an easy, simple way to tell
!f a diamond Is grenuine. Make a small
dot on a piece of paper with a lead pen
cil and look at it through the diamond.
If It shows but a single dot the dia
mond is genuine; if It shows more than
one or the mark appears scattered It Is
f aise, no matter what It coat.
NEW TO-DAY. ; -^^^~^~
STRIKING CONTRAST IN RESULTS
REALIZED UNDER DIFFERENT SYS-
TEMS OF OLD LINE LIFE INSURANCE
Bow $5501.15 Was Saved Under Annual
Distribution of Surplus in
THE MUTUAL BENEFIT LIFE INSURANCE CO.,
As Against "20 Year Distribution," or "20 Year Tontine,"
in Tontine Companies.
The Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company of New Jersey is
one of the strongest old-line companies in the country. It was or-
ganized in 1845 as a purely mutual company, and, after having paid
over 1159,000.000 to policy-holders, has over $63,000,000 'solid assets.
It pays large cash dividends annually, thus giving solid insur-
ance at the lowest net cost.
During the seven years previous to 1897 the official figures show
that the Mutual Benefit saved (for benefit of policy-holders) more of
Its Interest receipts from investments above expenses than the four
leading tontine companies, viz., the Mutual Life, the Equitable Life
and the New York Life of New York and the Northwestern of Mil-
waukee all combined, and it is unalterably opposed to all forms of
gambling or tontine policies issued by such companies.
The practical advantages of the annual distribution of surplus
under the purely mutual system as practiced by the Mutual Benefit
Life Insurance Company of New Jersey are strikingly illustrated
below.
Every life Insurance contract which is to run for a long term of
years, or for life, must, in order to be safe for the Insured, name a
premium containing a margin over the present actual costs of such
insurance. Varying mortality, decreasing rates of interest, unfore-
seen expenses and losses incident to the management of every busi-
ness, make such provisional "margin" an absolute necessity.
The vital question then is: What is to become of this present
"provisional margin?" i^E.
Shall it go all to stockholders under the "stock" plant
Or in part to stockholders under the "mixed mutual" plan?
Or all into "the pool" under tne "tontine" plan?
Or come back all Into the pocket of the policy-holders in annual
settlements under the "purely mutual" plan?
In deciding this question the following case in point should be
considered: Mr. Adam Hersperger, the well-known founder of the
Chautauqua Lake Ice Company, insured his life in the Mutual Be-
efit Life Insurance Company of Newark, New Jersey, on April $9,
1876, under policy No. 85,612, for $10,000, ordinary life plan, age 56,
annual premium $621 00. Mr. Hersperger died April sth, 1895. H«
had paid nineteen years' premiums. He was paid back his nineteen
annual "margins" or dividends, besides the policy.
His total cash dividends amounted to $3242 10. :\
His average annual dividend was $170 64.
His average annual payment was not "$621," but only $450 86.
The usual stock rate (no dividends) is $520 80.
The saving in cost In the "'Mutual Benefit'^ as compared with
stock rate in nineteen years was $1328 86.
The saving in cost as compared with "twenty-year tontine" or
"twenty-year distribution" was $3242 10. *
But allowing that moneys use in business is worth 6 per cent of
the principal, the saving on this basis as compared with the cost at
stock rate was $2502 87; the saving as compared with cost of
"twenty-year tontine" or "twenty-year distribution" was $5501 15.
The above facts clearly demonstrate: |,'^ ;■
First— That the "stock" plan greatly enhances the costs of In-
surance and adds nothing to the security of the contract.
Second — That the "mixed mutual" plan, in so far as it is tribu-
tary to stock, is not in the Interest of the insured.
Third— the "tontine" plan raises still higher the enhanced
costs of the stock plan, charging excessive rates for long periods of
years, and meanwhile sequesters or side-tracks in "pool" and thus
exposes to total forfeiture all dividends and their accumulations.
Fourth— That the "Purely Mutual" plan, returning to policy-
holders each year all "margins" above the ascertained costs, guar-
antees to every policy-holder, on principles of equity, all benefits of
an inviolable insurance; and that these margins, singly or together,
with or without interest, are no trifles. : >t :;
The Mutual Benefit, the leading , "annual distribution" company.
Issues policies on all desirable plans, and guarantees a dollar's worth
of insurance for every dollar of "premium" paid.
The Mutual Benefit's policies are absolutely non-forfeitable and
Incontestable after the second year. The term of extended insur-
ance and the surrender values of the policy in cash or paid-up in-
surance are clearly stated on the policy, so that the insured always
knows just what the policy is worth.
Mr. James Munsell Jr., at 415 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco, is the managing agent of the company for California and
Nevada.
W. W. MONTAGE & CO.,
3
IMPORTERS OP
Stoves,
Metals,
Housefurnishing
Goods
MANUFACTURERS OF
RIVETED IN nl STEEL PIPE
For
Water Supply,
Hydraulic Mining,
Irrigating,
Ranches, etc.
309=311=313=315=317 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BRANCH HOUSES-Los Angeles. Sa^Jo
C AY sr^""rlK^?>{? V YOUNG, OLD OR MIDDLE-AGED MEN
i£L6; C<sirfo, v .%ib^(ilro^* x * DR. LOBB, 829 N. 15th .t., PhHa, P..VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 54.
THE PLANT IS
OF NO VALUE
TO ANYBODY
Los Angeles Water Combine Would
Charge the City Millions for a Lot
of Absolutely Worthless
Junl^.
GARVANZA WORKS OF THE LOS ANGELES WATER PLANT.
The wooden box In the foreground is the so-called "collecting chamber" for the water supply gathered at Gar
vanza. This wooden "box is the only Indication ol a water-works system here. A lln« of 15-lnch sewer pipes, 4
feet below the Burface! 1400 feet in length, enters the "chamber" at one end, while an 8 and 11 inch sheettron pipe
leaves the other end and conducts the water toward Pasadena avenue, and the Hazard reservoir in East Los
Angeles. The 8-inch pipe, 10,300 feet long, is utterly ruined by rust, has been abandoned for years, but is listed as
one of the valuable assets of the company. The 11-inch pipe is out of use for want of sufficient water at the
works, and is now disconnected from the pipe system. The box is nailed up and has not been in use since the city's
investigations were made. The lands surrounding these "works" are leased property, and the Los Angeles Water
Company places a tremendous value on the "rights to develop water" here on 1526 acres which include the town of
Garvanza. The average amount of water obtainable is ten miners' inches.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 22.— The syndi- |
cated company press of Lob Angeles '
have frequently referred to the large
and complete plant of the water com
pany, for which the corporation is !
seeking to bleed the people in the sum !
of about $2,000,000, or to secure a fifty- \
year extension of the lease and fran- j
chise.
The truth of the matter is that in no
city In this country is there a water
plant like the one which is used to dis
tribute water in this burg. The sys
tem is one conglomerate plan. It has
been added to and taken away from
during the past twenty years until now
it is made up of the most complete
mass of worn out, rusty pipe, rotten
timbered conduits and old broken
down buildings, with antiquated ma
chinery in pumping stations that can
be conceived.
In the meantime the people in a city
of 110,000 people are forced to do the
best they can with a totally inadequate
service. Tet the servants and repre
sentatives of the people in the City
Council continue to follow up their pol
icy of delay, delay, delay, in bringing
to a head, or even taking steps to
bring to a head, the negotiations which
will do away with this unfortunate
condition of affairs.
Just as soon as the city can obtain
possession of its plant it Is designed
and planned to make improvements
and additions which will give Los An
geles the most complete water Bystem
EAST SIDE SPRINGS PUMP STATION.
The building contains one 40-horsepower boiler in fair shape, and one broken down, dismantled 250-gallon-per
minute steam pump; an oil tank and lean-to shed in the rear of the pumphouse complete the Inventory of this
power station. It is not being used.
Note the alignment of delivery pipe in the foreground. In all caaca where the *eter company could «a?e ex
pen»eß the pipes were laid on the surface Instead of beneath.
The San Francisco Call
possessed by any city in the country of
its size.
In prder that the readers of The Call
may understand Just exactly the shape
the present plant is in, photographs
have been taken of some of the promi
nent features of it, especially for this
paper, and they are here given with a
full detailed explanation of each pic
ture.
The fact that the people of this city
are dme and again deceived as to the
plant of the water company by the
false statements printed in the cor
poration-owned press of the city is
known to all who read and watch the
trend of events.
The Los Angeles Times, in its mid
winter number, prints a whole pagf» as
to the water company's plant, which
Is a mass of misstatement, printed to
deceive the people. The duplicity and
fraud is clearly set forth by Ernest Abs
Hagen. C. E., in the following com
munication to The Call:
"To the Editor of The Call— D^ar Sir:
The readers of the Los Angeles press
are, from time to time, treated with
descriptive information as regards
their water works system, sooner or
later to become their own by purchase.
These publications invariably present
'facts' or 'authorized statements,'
etc., and are interlarded with illustra
tions depicting the newly built Belle
View reservoir, which, it is freely ad
mitted, is a good — the only good — piece
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
of workmanship of the entire plant.
"In the annual midwinter number of
one of. the local papers, published on
January 1, 1898, appears such an
authorized statement with illustra
tions, one being the ever-present Belle
View reservoir; the other purports to
be a map of the Crystal Springs Water
Company's system. The false and the
true in the latter are not even cunning
ly Interwoven; this map is an abridged
copy, on a reduced scale, of the larger
map made by the writer in March. 1897.
for the city of Los Angeles, illustrating
the projected new water works system.
Said map and estimate were appended
to the City Engineer's report, filed with
the Council on April 19.
"The sketch purporting to illustrate
the water company's system illustrates,
in fact, the projected water mains,
conduits, reservoirs and power sta
tions; the dimensions of pipes and the
quantity obtainable at the source of
supply refer to the projected, enlarged
and renovated system, and does not.
as it is made to appear, represent the
present system. There are no 40-inch
cast iron mains on Upper Main street
at present, as Is made to believe by
this illustration, nor a 24-inch main on
Macy street, nor an 18-lnoh main on
East First street,- nor a 16-fnch main
on Downey avenue, etc., but a system
of 6-inch iron pipes or 6-inch cement-
Continued on Page Twenty-tight.
CAREER OF
A VERY BOLD
SWINDLER
Operated Coolly Un
der the Guise of
a Mason.
Fleeced Members of the
Order in Many-
Lands.
Even the Prince of Wales Was
a Victim and Loaned Him
Money.
WORKED UNDER ALIASES.
But at Last the During Rascal Has
Been Convicted and Confesses
Many Crimes.
Fpecial DlßT>*tch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. 22.— One of the most
daring acts ever perpetrated upon the
Masonic order has come to light
through the confession of the perpe
trator. George Fleming. His career has
been summarily ended through a con
viction and sentence to the State peni
tentiary at Walla Walla for two and a
half years for obtaining money under
false pretenses from Attorney Richard
son of Port Angeles.
Fleming is a pseudo Mason, yet so
skillfully has he applied himself that he
has been complimented by past grand
masters on his knowledge of Masonry.
By his own admissions, he has lived for
eight years on money borrowed under
false pretenses from Masons, the
amounts varying from ten to several
hundred dollars, or. as h*> told the ex-
Sheriff of King County, A. T. Van de
Venter, according to the circumstances
and the times. The total amount of
money thus obtained will probably
reach $20,000. but he has borrowed so
much he does not pretend to recite all
the instances.
He has traveled all over the world
and never spent a cent for railroad or
steamer transportation. He has had so
many aliases that he cannot name
them all. He wa* known in Mississippi
as Professor Willey, In Kentucky as
Alexander Craig. 1 n Pennsylvania as
William Ball, In Cincinnati and Chi
cago as Charles Wilson, In St. Louis as
William Mays, in Washington as Mar
tin Mallorey, In Oregon as Charles
Brown and Charles Floyd. In foreign
BEAUDRY RESERVOIR PUMP STATION.
The frame building contains the pumping machinery for elevating water from this place to the high-level res
ervoir. This power station consists of one 60-horsepower boiler in fair condition; one 60-horsepower boiler in
dangerous shape; one ancient Worthington steam pump, subject to daily breakdowns and repairs, and a few small
feed pumps.
The ground to the left of the power station, surrounded by a lath fence, is one of the seven reservoirs so often
alluded to by the company's write-ups. This reservoir is empty, has been used as a horse corral, and is now doing
duty as a sump for collecting waste oil from the surrounding oil wells.
countries he passed himself off as Mal
lorey, Fleming, Willey or Ball. Once
in a while he went as John H. Kim
berley. In Paris he claims to have met
and dined with the Prince of Wales and
Sir Dudley Ward. For dessert he bor
rowed $150 from the Prince on the
strength of Masonry. In Madrid he
worked Minister Hannls Taylor for free
transportation to the Rock of Gibral
tar by the way of Cadiz. Things came
his way in every city in every country.
He wanted for nothing because he had
a snap on the Masonic fraternity. It
is admitted that this man, notwith
standing that he 1h not a Mason, knows
more about Masonry than thousands of
ordinary Masons. In this respect he
stands without a peer in the civilized
world.
At first it seems almost impossible
that Fleming could have fleeced the
fraternity so easily, but after reading
his confession the matter appears in
another light. The secret of his suc
cess lay In the fact that he knew all
CLARK ACCUSED
OF FRATRICIDE BY
A CORONER'S JURY
George Willard ClarK, the St. Helena Suspect.
about masonry and applied his know
ledge to the best advantage. Certifi
cates indicating that the dues of the
[ifrsun he represented himself to be
were paid were obtained at first in va
rious ways, but toward tht> last he had
an improved system. From a man
named Levy in San Francisco he ob
tained forged certificates, as few or as
many as he desired. They were cheap.
It was after the close of the war that
Fleming took up Masonry. He became
a member of a clandestine lodge, and,
by using the information thus obtained,
he gradually picked up point after
point until he could give nine out of
ten regular Masons information. By
applying to lodges where the officers
were careless, he obtained admission
Into regular lodges, and by close atten
tion became conversant with the rou
tine secret work. The Grand Lodge of
the Masons met in Seattle in the early
part of June, and during the session
several complaints were made about a
Masonic fraud who had been borrow-
ing money indiscriminately. The mat
ter was finally considered, and Grand
Master A. W. Frater of Snohomish was
Instructed to have the matter thor
oughly investigated. Frater took ex-
Sherlff Van de Venter Into his confi
dence. They took careful note of all
the complaints made, and arrived at
the conclusion that one man had been
doing all the work, and that man, in
spite of his aliases, was none other
than Martin Mallorey. Not only did
the description of the man confirm this
belief, but also the significant fact that
the man was always fleeing to avoid
arrest for killing a man in self-defense.
Letters containing a description and
a brief account of the system employed
by the man were sent to lodges In all
parts of the United States and foreign
countries. The result was astonish
ing, even to Grand Master Frater
and Mr. Van de Venter. In a brief
period they received over 100 answers.
Having satisfied themselves as to the
man they wanted they kept up cor
respondence in all directions with a
view to securing Mallcry's arrest the
first time he appeared in evidence.
Finally a telegram came from Daven
port, Wash., on Sept. 26, 1897, to the
effect that a man answering the de
scription of Mallory had been arrested
for a misdemeanor. It was then de
cided to swear out a warrant in Clal
lam County in connection with a case
where Mallory had obtained $4 from At
torney Richardson and others in Port
Angeles. Sheriff Walter J. Dyke depu
tized Van de Venter, who immediately
went to Davenport. Bure enough he
saw hi? old '"friend," Mallory. At first
Mallory denied everything, but finally
made a full confession.
In his confession Fleming recites his
experiences among various lodges in
Minnesota, Kansas. Kentucky, Oregon,
Washington, Pennsylvania. New York.
Nevada. Ohio. Illinois. Missouri and
other States in America, as well as in
foreign lands. In the latter part of his
confession he recites the fact that in
March. 1596, he was in South Carolina,
and adds:
"Then I went all through Tennessee
Continued on Page Forty.
NEWSBOYS FOR OPULAR RIGHTS.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— For a week now the sixty newsboys of
this city, united as a Newsboys' Union, have declined to sell the Ex
press upon the streets for the reason that they were compelled to pay
3 cents a copy, while to the public calling at the Express office they
were sold for 2 cents. Not one single newsboy has gone back on his
obligation not to sell the paper. The union at its meeting adopted the
following resolution:
Whereas, the San Francisco Call has demonstrated that it is a
fair newspaper, willing to give the news at all times, and Inasmuch as
it is a fearless defender of the people's rights; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the news boys of Los Angeles, through our or
ganization, extend to The Call our thanks and assure its proprietor
that we will make every effort to get his paper in the hands of the
reading public of Los Angeles. J. D. EMERINE, President.
The union meets in Council of Labor Hall every Friday evening and
its finances are in excellent shape for it has three months' rent paid in
advance. The union newsboys are almost all pupils of the public
schools and they announce that they will carry the fight against the Ex
press to the bitter end or until they can get fair treatment.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WIDOW OF
HIS BROTHER
TESTIFIES
Was Unduly Intimate
With the Accused
Man.
Revolting Story Involving
a Motive for the
Crime.
Had Promised to Wed Her
Lover If Her Husband
Should Disappear.
TRAGEDY SOON FOLLOWED
Convincing Evidence Given Against
the Suspect at the Coroner's
Inquest
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. HELENA. Jan. 22.— District At
torney Bell and Coroner Kyser, accom
panied by Attorney Thomas Derry, ar
rived from Napa this morning and pro
ceeded at once to the Town Hall to hold
the inquest on the body of William
Clark. The room was crowded to the
doors by a curious throng.
The District Attorney at once called
for Mrs. Lavlna Clark, widow of the
murdered man, who was the first wit
ness examined.
She said she was 46 years old. the
widow of William Clark and the
mother of saven children, one of whom
is married to George Dax. George
Clark, the accused man. had resided
with the family for a number of years,
but not during the past few weeks or
since the murdered man had found
poison in his coffee, George having
been ordered away from the premises
on suspicion of having attempted to
poison her husband. Her husband was
cheerful and happy on the evening be
fore the tragedy and did not have any
reason in the world for committing
suicide. She and her husband had a
conversation about religion that night,
but never entered into any argument
on that subject.
On the morning of the tragedy her
husband arose as usual to prepare
breakfast. She did not hear a pistol
shot, although it may have awakened
her. The first noise she heard was a
struggling and moaning. She thought
her son-in-law in another room mieht
have a nightmare, so went to the
kitchen to tell her husband to arouse
the son-in-law. Opening the door, she
found William Clark lying on the floor.
The body was in a perfectly straight
position, the head inclined to the left.
She then aroused her son-in-law,
George Dax, saying:
"I think Will is dying."
She thought he had a fit or spasm.
Dax turned the body over and found
the pool of blood on the floor and dis
covered the bullet wound. Then Mrs.
Clark exclaimed:
"Oh, he's been shot."
Her husband did not speak, but only
gasped. She then said:
"Will, won't you speak to me?"
But William Clark was past notice of
earthly things and soon breathed hi 3
last.
Mrs. Clark said that her husband us
ualy arose at 4:45. That she did not
know what time the alarm was set for
on the morning of the murder. She
said that her husband did not have to
go out after wood in the morning; the
children got it the night before. She
asked her husband why he arose so
early when he did not have to go to
work until 6:30 o'clock, and he replied:
"I want plenty of time."
He would sometimes sit and read be
fore leaving the house. Mrs. Clark us
ually arose before her husband left in
the morning. She repeated that the
murdered man had no motive for sui
cide; that he had been very cheerful
and happy of late years.
Mrs. Clark said that George Clark,
the accused man, was about 37 years of
age. She fir6t knew him at his uncle's28
place in Illinois, when he was six weeks
old. He was present at her marriage
to William, and was always with the
family more or less. Mrs. Clark and
her husband got along well the first
four or five years, but he did not seem
to have any affection for his children.
He said he loved them, but she could
see that he did not. He often cursed
his wife, yet treated the whole family
kindly.
Mrs. dark said that at the time of
her marriage to William she was
friendly to George. George told her
that William's actions proved he d>l
not love her. Her affections toward her
husband died, and she became more
friendly toward George and told him
that she loved him. They became un
duly intimate. She admitted that
George Clark was the father of one of
her children. Tho husband always took
his wife's part and did not seem to be
conscious of anything wrong.
William Clark came to California
alone twelve years ago, while George
and the family remained in the East
for a few months before following-
She said her relations with George con
tinued until seven years ago, when she
made a profession of Christianity.
George at that time also made a con
fession of faith, but it did not last long
with him. When he resumed his at
tentions she answered: "No, I am an
other man's wife and it is wrong be
fore God." He was not discouraged,
however, and tried to assault her and
sometimes succeeded. The last in
stance in which he was successful was
about a year ago. He made attempts
since then, and when she rejected him
he cursed her. She said she would call
an officer, and .he answered that he
would kill the first one who put his
head inside the door.
George Clark asked her if she would
marry him if William was out of the
way. She thought he would put Wil
liam out of the way to get her. She
answered that he should not commit
murder, and he said he would never do
that. About five months ago, before
George went East, he again asked her
if she would marry him if left alone.
At first she said: "Don't talk that
way; it is wicked," but finally she
said "Yes."
She thought he would remain in the
East, so said this at the last minute.
AVhen he returned from the East and
again asked her the question she would
not talk, because she loathed him. The
reason she consented at first was be
cause he had her under his thumb by
threatening to reveal her past life,
which she wanted kept a secret. Fin
ally she said she herself would go and
tell it to the whole town. He said:
"No, people would run us both out
of th<* town."
Her husband and George were not on
good terms and the latter was always
making trouble. George was alone in
the kitchen where the lunch pail was
kept the day before Williams discovered
the poison in his coffee. George was
whistling as loudly as he could, and
seemed to be walking around. When
George was told about the stry
chnine he said that William
wanted to commit suicide. George
heard William say about fifteen
years ago that he would kill himself,
and founded his theory on this. He
said that William wanted to commit
suicide, but did not have the heart to
drink the coffee. George said William
wanted to do away with himself be
cause his wife went around with Salva
tion Army officers, and told her that
she ran around with them too much.
George threatened to kill the captain
of the army, all through jealousy. Mrs.
Clark said she never saw her husband
have a pistol or cartridges in the
house.
Dr. Osborne was the next witness
called. George Clark lived in a cottage
on his place. The doctor was aroused
at 5:15 o'clock Thursday morning by
William Clark's two girls, who sum
moned him to their father's aid. They
said: "Papa is hurt. Some one hit him
when he was going out of the door."
The doctor found Clark dead, and then
went for the Marshal. Dr. Osborne,
with Dr. McCurdy, held an autopsy on
the body that afternoon.
Marshal Johnson said he was called
shortly before 6 o'clock by Dr. Osborne,
and went to the Clark home. He dis
covered the pistol on the porch and
suspected George Clark of the crime.
He then went in company with Dr. Os
borne and Charles Jackson to George's
room and placed him under arrest.
Noticing fresh mud on the man's shoes
he took charge of them, and had him
put on others. The Marshal asked
George if the pistol found on the porch
was his. He at first denied it, but on
arriving at the Jail he said:
"There is something I want to cor
rect. I did not tell the truth. That is
my pistol."
Marshal Johnson placed George's
shoes in the new tracks in the mud
along the course taken by the mur
derer, and they fitted in every instance.
The officer produced a box of cartridges
with only five missing, which compared
exactly with those in the revolver
found at the scene of the tragedy.
Peter York testified to having seen a
man running past him in the direction
of George Clark's rooms. The fellow
had an overcoat about the same length
as the one found in George's room.
Constable R. L. Spurr, Dr. Samuel
McCurdy, George Dax (Clark's son-in
law) and Mrs. Dax, the daughter of
William- Clark, were examined, but
their testimony only corroborated that
of the other witnesses.
The Jury returned a verdict to the ef
fect William Anderson Clark came to
his death from a gunshot wound, and
in the jury's opinion "such gunshot
wound was inflicted at the hands of
George W. Clark."
GEORGE CLARK DOES NOT
DENY THAT HE LOVED
HIS BROTHER'S WIFE.
One Question That the Suspect Refuses
to Answer When Interviewed
in His Cell.
NAPA, Jan. 22.— When approached in
the murderers' cell of the County Jail
this afternoon, George Wtllard Clark
was gazing meditatively through the
skylight above him. The huge mm
door swung back, but still the prisoner
seemed lost to all about him. Not until
spoken to did he turn his head. Then a
quick, piercing glance met the gaze of
The Call correspondent, and half-smil
ing, he said: "How do." He gave a
chair to his visitor, and moved himself
to the end of his cot.
Sheriff McKenzie stood by for a min
ute and asked him how he felt. He re
plied that he felt better than for some
time past and had slept nicely the night
previous — much better than on the first
night of his Incarceration. He In
quired about the funeral of his brother
and the outcome of the inquest. He
seemed particularly anxious about the
latter.
"I think that I should have been al
lowed to go to the funeral of my own
brother. I think, too, that I ought to
be at the Inquest," he remarked.
"You were not needed at the inquest,
and, as for the funeral. I didn't think
it safe to take you to St. Helena," re
plied the Sheriff.
"Why not?"
"Because the feeling against you ie
, pretty strong up there."
Clark dropped his head and nervously
tugged at his nails. The Sheriff then
! retired, leaving the prisoner witb The
Call correspondent. Clark was handed
a copy of The Call, which he pored over
, eagerly, reading aloud all that related
to the murder. Occasionally he would
smile, then he would frown.
"These pictures are mighty good," he
remarked. "I saw yesterday's Call, too.
and the pictures of myself and brother
are both fine."
"What do you think of the article
there?" was asked.
"Well. I was visited by a lawyer this
morning and he told me not to talk
much for publication. I will say, how
ever, that at my trial something start
ling will come out— something that will
clear up the mystery of the attempted
poisoning. As for my brother's death,
I am convinced that he committed sui
cide. There was certain conversation
between him and me a short time ago
which bears out that statement, but I
will not repeat it now."
"How about the fresh mud on your
shoes the morning of the killing?"
"I was at prayer meeting Wednesday
night and got in the mud coming
home."
"The officers say they found tracks
leading from your brother's home In
the direction of your lodgings, and that
they exactly fitted your shoes."
"I know nothing about that." he an
swered, "except what I read in Thi
Call."
He then straightened up, and. look
ing the visitor in the face, asked:
"Say, do I look like a guilty man? Is
there anything of a monster in my ap
pearance or actions? No one but a
monster would slay his own brother,
and, as God knows, I am not one. I
am innocent. I am unjustly accused of
this heinous crime. I believe I shall be
acquitted, but if not the law can only
take the body. My soul will go to the
God who gave it.
"I am in a murderer's cell," he con
tinued, "but there is one pleasure for
me even here. I have my Bible, and
above me is a skylight through which I
can see blessed Heaven. Do you be
\ lieve," asked the accused man, lower
ing his voice, "that my brother's wife
; said what is credited to her in that
paper?"
' Undoubtedly she did," was the reply.
"And it may prove damaging. But is
the claim that you are infatuated with
her a truthful one?"
"As to that I will not say. That I
will speak of at the trial. Now, if you
will agree to print exac-iiy as I dictate,
I will give you an account of myself
prior to my brother's death."
It was agreed to, and Clark spoke as
follows:
"Last October I went back to my fath
er's in Wayne County, Illinois. I had been
corresponding with him for two years
about coming back to run the ranch.
I wrote to him that if he would send
me money for the trip and permit me
to keep Saturday as the Sabbath I
would come. I stated that I would not
work Sundays, either, if he desired it,
knowing him to be an ardent Metho
dist. He replied that I had better stay
among my Saturday people. Then I
wrote that if I didn't come home I
would go off to South America as an
Advent missionary and spend the rest
of my life there. We corresponded a
short time on the subject of the Ad
vent religion. Then I wrote my father
that Mrs. Clark and myself had a fuss
over money matters, and I begged him
for funds to come home. I owed Mrs.
Clark for board. I had about $30 com
ing to me for labor from Frank Rob
inson of St. Helena, and when father
sent me money I got this and paid my
board bill. Then I left for the East
and had the friendship of my brother
and his family. My brother and one
of his daughters, however, were a little
cold toward me.
"Father and I dln't agree, so I came
back on November 7. I stopped with
my brother again until December 8,
when they moved to their present resi
dence. They said they had no room in
this house for me to occupy, so I went
to 'batching.' I will fight this case to
the court of last resort."
There are persons in Napa who claim
to have known the accused at Chiles
Valley, this county, about nine years
ago. They considered him much of a
simpleton. He worked there on a
ranch, and it is said that he gave a
woman who was cooking on the place a
great deal of annoyance.
THE PLANT IS
OF NO VALUE
TO ANYBODY
Continued from Page Twenty-seven.
I
lined pipes, utterly worthless, and of
2-inch and 9-Inch wrought Iron pipes
is the extent of the present plant.
"The map of the projected water
works- system, supposedly to be in the
custody of the city officials, must have
been placed at the disposal of .inter
ested parties, was copied by some one
and palmed off to the unsuspecting
' reader as a fac-simile of the existing
plant in the nature of an 'authorized
statement' — of fancies, not facts.
"The descriptive statement abounds
with facts In keeping with the illustra
tions.
"It states falsely 'every feature of the
i system represents the most serviceable
material and mode of construction ob
tainable;' the true facts are: The pipe
system consists of old, deteriorated,
rusty pipes of wrought iron, sheet iron
and cement-lined pipes, aggregating 68
'. per cent, together with 32 per cent
of cast iron mains. The sizes
range from two-Inch, three-inch and
four-inch to thirty inches; of the
former there are 79 per cent, or over
1,286,000 feet, out of a total of 1.626,000
feet. The flumes are in bad condition
and need replacement by others; their
sizes are inadequate ff,T the present re
quirements.
"The false facts recited state that
'notwithstanding the unusually large
area for a city of its size, covered by
L.os Angeles, and, too, in spite of the
widely different altitudes the service
for all purposes never fails.'
"The true facts, as can be verified, are
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, IS9B.
simply a cry for a better supply for
domestic and fire extinguishment pur
poses. Every tenant on a street served
by a two-inch water main will cheer
fully subscribe to this actual fact.
"As stated, 'in all, 335 miles of mains
are used in this city.' As found at the
investigation, there are but 318.6 miles
of mains, conduits, tunnels, flumes, etc .
within and without the city limits. The
source of supply at Crystal Springs
seems to be the pet argument for rec
ognition of value, monetary and other
wise. It reads as follows: 'This spring
water comes from the snow of the
mountain ranges and bursts forth from
the gravelly soil pure and unoontami
nated by either animal or vegetable de
cay.' And again, in a previous state
ment in another Los Angeles paper in
an article entitled 'The Water We
Drink,' the writer of this article takes
us again to Crystal Springs and pro
ceeds to tell us of 'three springs, issu
ing as it were from the bowels of the
earth through thousands of feet of the
purest of solid loam sand.'
"We will cite in the following a com
ment upon this false statement made
by another engineer of this city who
has had the opportunity to investigate
with the eye and intellect of a trained j
engineer. He comments as follows:
'This is indeed a sc-nic revelation,'
and a person would need to possess a
fertile imagination and barren con
science to be able to say there was even
one spring. The fact is that Crystal j
Springs Is a misnomer, a christening
of that which was conceived in sin at
the organization of the Crystal Springs i
Land and Water Company, whose real ;
existence, outside of the Los Angeles !
City Water Company, is a myth. The
development of millions of gallons ;
of water at this point is an un- j
truth; the whole supply, with the ex- !
ception of possibly ten miners' inches,
coming by infiltration from the Los j
Angeles River, and is as much the cor- i
pus or body of the river as that which
flows visibly upon the surface of the
channel bed.
"The people of Los Angeles are receiv
: ing Los Angeles River water, the infil-
t ration pipes are totally interwoven
' with vegetable growth: &nimal contam
! ination as well is probable on account
' of the presence of surrounding graz-
I ing lands, whence this water is
derived. Swimming holes at Garvanza. j
■ and other so-called headworks and i
• source of supply, testify to the $e*lr
: able cleanliness of boys and men living
! in that neighborhocrd to the distinct
disadvantage of the people to whom
' such water is served after the perform
1 ance of such ablutions.
. "A comparison of similar fact? and
' fancies relating to the Los Angeles \V«.
; terworks Company's plant could be
i drawn out at considerable length if
wanted. The above will no doubt suf
fice to place existing affairs in the right
, light to the reader.
"'How to the line, let. the chips fall
where they may.' Yours truly,
"ERNEST ABS HAGEN, C. E."
SUIT FOR LIBEL
FILED AGAINST THE
LOS ANGELES HERALD.
Mr. Patton Will Not Submit to the Vilifica
tion From the Organ of the Ring Formed
to Loot the Southern City.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22— H. W. Pat
ton to-day filed his suit for $50,000 libel
; against the Los Angeles Herald. Th«
attorneys for Mr. Patton are Works
& Lee, Davis & Winder and M. W.
Conkling. The herculean efforts that
are being put forth by the Los Angeles
City Water Company to save its combi
nation of newspapers and Councilmen
from going to pieces are now engaging
the attention of the community. The
blows dealt by The Call to the syndi
: cated newspapers and the public offi
cials who, by their treachery, were
seeking to deliver the city over to the
water company, bound hand and foot,
for another half a century, have had a
most telling effect.
What has aroused *tho people more
than anything else to the importance of
; activity in this matter was the exposure
i cf the well-defined plan of the corpo
ration to have its lease extended for a
period of fifty years. The people thor-
I oughly understand the corporation's
; policy in securing delay on the part of
the City Council in compelling it to pro
ceed under its lease on contracts. It
j is well known that the company had
j not and has not now any idea of turn-
I ing the plant over to the city at the
i expiration of its lease. By the con
! nivance of its tcils in the City Council
and with the assistance of other public
servants it was proposed to deliber
ately place the municipal water rate
payers in the power of the water com
pany for fifty years longer, and then
the cinch would be complete. The three
■ daily papers were to give to the trai
tors in public office who would thus be
tray their trusts all the protection <hat
could be afforded them.
But The Call has stepped into the
breach and exposed this nefarious plot,
with all of its attendant infamies, and
! the fat is in the fire. Such an aroused
I sentiment among the whole people has
! never before been seen in this city. On
i every side the parties to this gigantic
i job are condemned. Of course, now
that the exposure is made, the syn
dicated dailies disavow connection with
' the scheme. It was not to be expected
: they would plead guilty to the charge
i of wanton betrayal.
It is only necessary to state in this
! connection that a certain party close
j to the water company, in a thought
' less moment said that as soon as the
extension c-f the lease was secured a
company stood prepared to give the
present stockholders $4,000,000 in cash
: for the plant.
This gives the lease and franchise, if
extended, a cash value of $3,000,000, f,-» r
the actual value of the plant is but lit
tle over $1,000,000. It was a large stake
the company, the allied press and the
traitors to the people, now holding c-f- !
fire at the City Hall, were playing for, j
1 and owing to the newspaper combine :
NEW TO-DAY.
In winter weather
Every organ demands
More from the
Blood than at
Any other season.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Gives the vitality
Needed to resist
Chilling winds
And storms,
And is invaluable
To all who are
Weak and frail,
Owing to
Deficient blood.
the people were quietly permitting the
time for action on their part to go by
while every day of delay brought the
job that much nearer consummation.
In addition to the newspapers, the
peopSe are now after some of the indi
vidual members of the City Council
whose records on the water question
they do not approve of. F. M. Nic
kell is a Democrat and a member of
the Council from the First Ward. H«j
is the chairman of the most important
committee in the Council, and just how
he got the appointment is a mystery.
The Council was organized against the
Democrats owing to the fact that Her
man Silver, the League for Better City
Government Councilman, holding the
deciding vote, acted with the Repub
licans. Nearly every import?. Nt com
mittee chairmanship that the president
of the Council had was given to a Re
publican, and the committees were ap
pointed on a basis of one Democrat to
two Republicans. But. of all commit
tees in this Council, the Water Supply
Committee was the most important,
and as chairman of this committee
President Silver named a Democrat, F.
l£ Nickell.
In the campaign it was freely allege!
that Nickell had, during a previous
term in the Council and at a crith\ji
moment, failed of his duty in the mat
ter of purchasing land for central
works, yet with this taint attaching to
him President Silver reversed the or
der of things and named him as chair
man of the Committee on Water Sup
ply.
This immediately caused comment.
and ever since has been the topic of
discussion. Mr. Nickell has been a
strong and unrelenting advocate of de
lay, and in Councilman Charles H. Toil.
who Is also on the committee, he has
an unwavering supporter. At the pub
lic meeting of the Water Supply Com
mittee, which was hold some time back,
Mr. Toll stopped right into the ranks
and the opinion was expressed by some
present that instead of a Councilman
he acted the part ->f a paid attorney
of the water company.
Councilman Nirkcll is to be railed
to answer at once. A very shnrp and
_____ l _~-.-~^™ __ NEW TO-DAY.
Over 10,000 Men Were Made Strong, Husky
Specimens of Manhood Last Year by
This Wonderful Vitalizes
All the smart men of the land /^^^%^^- Therefore, when a man is
admit that life and strength fU *__T broken down by the results of
come from the electricity in the ||^.^ g — hard usage—when his vitality is
body. Without electricity we; > %^ l^^^T electricity poured into his
must die. 'X>^ l ! ll L r u£. V nerves will build him up. ■':^ : : ll [ :ip
THE BEST MEN IN THE COUNTRY CURED BY IT. \
A VFRY QUICK CURE ! three months since i commenced wear- j last twenty-five years I have been year ago, I purchased one of your Dr.
A TLHI yuivn Vimt,. j ingr one of your Belts I was so run , troubled with Rheumatism. At times Sanden Electric Belts. J was a miser-
FRENCH CAMP, Cal., Jan. 11. 1898. | own v that I had to- give up work. I it nearly killed me. Nothing did me able sufferer frcrm Varicocele, Insomnia
Dr. Sand,n-Dear Sir: I received ha ™ £; enun, der^the" care of a doctor any good. Patent • medicines and doc- and Rheumatism, with a general bro-
your Belt and found It as represented I" »V P , rs ; uniH x B*»* >»uir t^elt. tors to no end I tried, with only slight ken-down feeling. lam thankful to
I.elt ana found it as re r. emeu Now the pa , n j had gjde snrlne V boueht one of ken-down feeling. I am thankful to
cd.%^ b S^tTafbU t fl tt a ed .% say your Belt has done all that waa
greatly. 1 have no evidence of waste is so much better in every way that a few weeks I had no more pain. My claimed for it. Since putting it on I
any more and pains in my back and : I can't praise your Belt enough. •It has trouble was entirely cured. Now I am have not had one Rheumatic pain. «I
stomach have nearly disappeared. : I been a Godsend to me. I feel very recommending your Belt to everyone sleep well and am refreshed, where be- ,
shall never regret the price I paid you I^formeTnd^ wiH^Tny^^^ *" '* ShVheRKNFR fore I would go three or four nights
for my Belt. Yours truly, pleased to verify this statement. Yours HERKNER. wlthout getting a wink of sleep.. I can
FRED. ARNOLD. respectfully, BURTON J. DOWL.ING. — - thank God and your wonderful Belt
i ' . ______ • - " for making a new man of me. I feel i
A GODSEND TO HIM RHEUMATISM 25 YEARS. VARICOCELE=«INSOMNIA. twenty years younger Use this for the
A UUlljtllll IU HllTl. KiltlMAlljin Z3 YbAKS. benefit of suffering humanity. Yours
— * . '■ - gratefully,
RED BLUFF, Cal., Jan. 14, 1898. ANGER. Pal., Dec. 8, 1897. - SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 14. 1898. . • JAMES F. MACCASKIE. "i
Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: It is now over I Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: During the i Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: In June, a! fta*>li_-'_: : *■'■■■' 563 Mission street.
IT HAS A CURE IN EVERY TOWN.
There are cures in every town in the West by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. "It is worth its weight in gold" thousands have
said.. It pours vital energy through the body constantly, developing weak nerves and muscles, curing the effects of early indis-
cretions, excesses and overwork, and making manhood perfect. DO NOT SUFFER ! Get one of these wonderful Belts
now. Stop useless drugging, as it will never cure you. The only sure cure for disease and weakness is electricity, and Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt is known every where^ as the best means of applying this grand agent. Dr. Sanden will send his book,
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN," free upon application. It is full of proof— showing cures of all nervous and chronic diseases,
rheumatism, lame back, varicocele, stomach and kidney troubles after every other remedy had failed. Call or send to-day, w
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., MO MARKET STREET,
»/^I^IuJJ_-_/rN -.-I_L.l_^___VV^:.l--I?ClV_^.:- K^KJ.f Opposite Palace Hotel.
OFFICE HOURS— B A.M. to 8:30 P.M.: Sundays, 10 to 1. /
OTHEB OFFICES— 2SS WastiDgton street, Portland, Oregon; ' 204 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.; 931 Sixteenth Street, Denver, Colo.; 285 Main Street, Balias, Texas.
pertinent communication has been ad
dressed to him by the chairman of the
late Democratic convention, the chair
man of the Populist City Committee
and the members «.f the Silver i:*pub
lican executive committee, asking him
to explain his course, in«l directly
charging him with violating his
pledges made to the thrc-3 organiza
tions when they supported him for
Councilman.
The water company has placed a
lobby in the field to prevent, if pos
sible, any further action being taken
by the political or other organizations
in regard to this matter. The lobby
includes some astute politicians, and
their task is to prevent any expression
on the part of the people of their
wishes in the matter of the situation
of the water fight through central
committees or clubs.
The particularly villainous and In
decent manner in which the Los An
geles Herald is waging the water
company's battle meets with condem
nation on all sides, Republicans, as
well as Democrats and Populists, ex
pressing their contempt for its meth
ods of defending the corporation,
which absolutely controls its editorial
policy. In the Democratic ranks, how
ever, the Herald is receiving the worst
drubbing. It is directly flying in the
face of the policy of the party as ex
pressed in its municipal platform, and
is at all times discrediting the efforts
of the Mayor and the two faithful
Councilman to carry out their pledges.
Many Democrats have openly declared
in favor of holding a meeting of the
City Central Committee for the pur
pose and announcing to the public
that the policy it is pursuing on the
water question places it without the
pale as a Democratic journal.
Agricultural Station for St. Helena.
ST. HELENA, Cal., Jan. 21.-This place
ST. HELENA, (al., Jan. 22.— This place
station, to be put in operation by the
University of California. Three acres of
land, two of valley and one of mountain
soil, have been leased for the purpose,
about one mile northwest of town.
HER CREW TOOK
TO THE BOATS
British Ship Common
wealth Abandoned Off
Vancouver.
Afterward Picked Up and
Towed to Safety by the
Steamship Willapa
Seamen Had Become Panic Stricken
When the Vessel's Anchor
Chains Parted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. Jan. 22.— The British ship
Commonwealth, of 6000 tons carrying
capacity, has been abandoned on the
coast of Vancouver Island and picked
up by the steamer Willapa of this city.
She is safely anchored in Sidney Inlet.
The Commonwealth was bound from
Kobe to Portland, and broke her shaft.
She drifted f>>r three weeks and finally
came to anchor near Nootka Sound.
The anchor chains parted, and the crew
took to the boats in panic and made
land safely.
The Willapa, having towed the aban
doned ship to safety, went in search of
the crew, and picked it up about
twenty-five miles distant. The crew
caipe to Victoria on the Willapa.
GLADSTONE GROWING
EXTREMELY WEAK.
Condition of the Grand Old Man Upon Return-
ing From a Drive Causes Alarming
Rumors to Be Renewed.
CANNES, Jan. 22.— Mr. and Mrs. Glad
stone drove out at noon to-day. Mrs.
Gladstone was helped down the steps into
a carriage by a nurse and valet. Mr.
Gladstone wore a thick overcoat, with
the collar turned up. and a soft hat, ex
posing his cheeks and eyes. He descend
ed the steps in the slowest manner, lean
ing heavily upon a stick and using the
balustrades, and was lifted into the car
riage. Then he was wrapped in furs.
The alarming rumors concerning Mr.
Gladstone's health were further con
firmed to-day. He is extremely weak and
so deiected as a result of neuralgic pains
that he expressed a desire that all were
over.
RECOMMENDS BARRY FOR
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER.
Yuba County's Centra/ Committee Sends
a Resolution to Governor
Bndd.
MARYSVIT.LE. Jan. 22.— I'ne'- Demo
cratic Central Committee of Yuba County
has sent to Governor Budd a copy of the
following resolution, which was adopted
at a meeting held to-day:
Resolved. That it is with great pleasure we
recommend James H. Barry for the position of
Railroad Commissioner. We are satisfied your
excellency could not appoint a more sultabU
man nor one more universally liked and ' es«
teemed. W. A. LOWERY,
WILLIAM ENOLXJND. Sec. Chairman.
Railroad to a Beet-Sugar Factory,
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 22. -The Pa
cific Coast Railway has a gang of sur
veyors to Santa Maria to lay out a routa
for a branch line which is to connect
with the beet sugar factory to be erected
at once on the shores of Guadalupe Lake
by the Union Beet Sugar Company.GROWL OF
THE BEAR
EFFECTIVE
Great Britain's Ves-j
sels Depart From
Port Arthur.
Said to Have Been Or
dered to Leave by the
Czar's Government.
Credence Given th© Report,
Though Denied by the Brit
ish Foreign Office.
FRANCE BUYS STEAMERS.
F»wroh«ses Craft of China to Be Used
In the Transportation of
Troops.
Special Dispatch to The C*lL
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 22.— A semi
official communication purporting to
emanate from London says that the
British vessels at Port Arthur have
been ordered to leave there without de
lay.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— Regarding the
semi-official statement made public hi
St. Petersburg to-day a semi-official
note was published in London this i
evening. It says:
"The British vessels which recently
visited Port Arthur merely touched
there in the course of their ordinary
cruises, and would naturally leave after
a short stay. The question of calling
and departure is one at the discretion
of the British admiral of the station.
In spite of the statement at the For
eign Office there is reason to believe
that the withdrawal of the British war
ships from Port Arthur is due to the
great Irritation in Russia at their pres
ence there and to the strong represen
tations of the Russian Government on
the subject.
Nt-xt week there will be combined
coaling operations at Portsmouth, with
the view of testing the facilities for
coaling a fleet in case of an emergency.
A special dispatch from Berlin says:
"In view of the dispatch of a Japan
ese fleet to Chinese waters tfie Neuste
Nachrichten demands that Germany
immediately . send two torpedo divi
sions to Kiaochou Bay."
The morning papers comment editor
ially upon the alarming aspect of af
fairs in Asia. Dispatches from Paris
say the report ip current there that
China is trying, by the offer of high in
terest, to obtain a loan without assist
ance and without the guarantees that
Russia and England demand.
A special dispatch from Shanghai
dated Friday says that France has
purchased three Chinese steamers and
is trvingr to acquire others for conver
>rts.
THE WORST BOY IN TOWN.
Simon Lee, II Years of Age,
Committed to trje fl id
Society.
Simon Lee, .1 boy 11 years of age, is. ac
cording- to his father and Secretary
Brown of the Eureka Society for the
Suppression of Vice, the worst boy in
the city and has all the Instincts to make
him a great criminal.
The boy's parents live at 12A Oak Grove
avenue. His stepmother has been so of
ten threatened by him that she has been
In constant fear of her life. A few days
ago he chased her with a butcher's knife
in his hand, and when he could not catch
her he waited in the doorway until she
would return. She was warned by some
other boys and waited in a neighbor's
hoURe until her husband came home.
Simon will not stay at home at night,
lit- ie the elder of a gang of boys who
spend their time in laying plans for steal
ing from houses in the neighborhood and
carrying their plans into execution. He
Bmokea cigarettes and a pipe, but he has
not yet been seen under the influence of
liquor. He was, about a year ago, sent
to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, but
after remaining there eight months the
superintendent was glad to get rid of
him and he was sent home. Whippings
have no effect upon him. and he laughs
at any attempt to coerce him. Yesterday
he was taken before Judge Conlan and
formally committed to the Aid Society
NEW TO-DAY.
yp3"*k_ "Tears, idle tears, I
<E^L^Jl know not . what they
< g'si3l5 < ~Essa^mean," wrote the poet
?»l£> ;»v f&s But tears all
JBT^ * i MhX\liml ways m * a n
Y\ ' Jt(y«|/ something.
rafe/ \\l| tears of mcl- :
JgJflpljgg^V vlvl an c holvtear9 ;
/ *™* / k\ °f j°y> and of 1
£ j'j»\\ despair, and
[ T[ ,/y */ those saddest
!/ ""^ /Jw A most pathetic
< r -^gfJa vefs /I tears °f the
PS "^ZsdjfJ iff ' /ll nervous over-
B ■^zZrJM//.£{'- >rf^\l WTOU ?kt wo-
/ s^zzk'i -jOL^/\ \\ man W^° 9
/-^'«,M * been bearing
i-^^^ <02afr, \ * tt up as bravely
L^ .^f. fzr%L \ » as she may
-N^--^ under a daily
> burden of
weakness and dragging, torturing pain. . :
No wonder women weep. The wonder is
that they are not oftener in tears for all they
have to bear and suffer; and the saddest
thing about it is how little their sufferings
are understood. Even the doctor, nine
times in ten says : "Oh, a little nervous-
ness, that's all " or "neuralgia," or "insom-
nia," or "dyspepsia." If he suspects the
real cause he insists upon examinations and
local treatment, — about the very worst thing
possible to a nervous, overwrought woman.
There is no need of these repugnant
methods. Any woman may insure health
and strength in a womanly way by the use
of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It
cures the weaknesses and diseases of the
feminine ' organism absolutely and com-
pletely. It was devised for this special
purpose by one of the most eminent and
experienced physicians in this country; an
expert specialist in women's diseases.
For nearly 30 years Dr. Pierce has been
chief consulting physician of the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y.
Any woman may consult him by letter, free
of charge. Her letter will be answered not
by a mere nurse or uneducated, unscientific
person ; but, by the most competent medical
authority anywhere obtainable.
All women should read Dr. Pierces thou-
sand-page illustrated book, "The People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser." It con-
tains more clear and comprehensive advice
on medical subjects than any other book
ever published. A paper-bound copy sent
free for twenty-one one-cent stamps to pay
the cost of mailing only. Or cloth-bound
for thirty-one stamps.
THE LAUNCHING OF THE CHITOSE
Sentiment, Good Fellowship and Novelty Mark the Peaceful Event Which Joins Occident
and Orient In Common Cause.
Across the blue Pacific the land of
sunrise and the land of sunset have
Joined hands. The little brown man
of Japan and his Anglo-Sax<m broth' r,
with whom he struck hands at the
parting on Mount Causasus. met apain
yesterday at the festal board to greet
with warm clasp the reunion In the Oc
cident after the separation in the
Orient.
It was a time of peace which cele
brated an event In war. Around the
convivial board gathered representa
tives of commerce and protection,
while nation gave courtesy to nation
after an event which marked an epoch
in the history of the golden coast. Mid
speech and jest the bloody front of
battle was hidden in the rose leaves of
peaceful compliment, even as the white
winged emblems rose over the grim,
frowning monster as It glided down
the ways and cast off Its ties to land
to meet the waters of its future home.
The launching of the cruiser Chltose
from the yards of the Union Iron
Works yesterday was an event which
marks a fitting close to the semi-cen
tennial of California, After fifty years
of internal improvement, after half a
century of self-upbuilding, the great
commonwealth of the West marks her
Jubilee year with the work that unites
East and West and tells to all the
world that while the Golden State is
prepared to carry the commerce of the
nations on all the waters of the globe
she is also ready to send forth the ves
sels that are capable of insuring peace
and protection because of their power
to do harm.
As was said by the Consul of the
sunrise land in response to the toast
to his Emperor, the Scotts of San
Francisco have aided in the preserva
tion of peace by their ability to build
the engines of war, and in the event of
yesterday it was demonstrated that
the products of the shipyards of the
Western coast could stand side by side
with those of the whole world and re
flect credit to nation, commonwealth
and company whence came the mag
nificent creation destined to play an
important part in future historical
events which now seem brewing in the
far East.
Weil could the master minds of the
Union Iron Works sing with the an-
AS THE CHITOSE SLID FROM THE WAYS AND FLOATED PEACEFULLY ON THE BAY,
dent armorer:
The sword is the weapon to conquer
fields. •
I honor the man who makes it;
But naught is the man who the broad
sword wields
Compared with the man who makes it.
Yesterday was the Union Iron Works'
day. It was the day of the manufac
turer. It was the day when warriors
of flood and field paid tribute to the
brain which conceives and the hand
which executes the design of the broad
sword of nations — the battle-ship.
Details in the matter of launching
ships are always the same; there are
the same sturdy blows of the workmen
loosening the blocks; there is the same
blowing of whistles; the same firing of
cannon: the same shouts of the multi
tude. Hut in the launching erf the Chl
tose there was more than shipyard de
tail; there was sentiment, good-fellow
ship and novelty. The American cus
i torn of christening the new vessel with
I a baptism of wine was enhanced and
improved by the innovation of ' the
beautiful Japanese custom of loosening
white doves with the loosening of the
warship, thus indicating that while the
sullen vessel showed the front of war.
It was the surest method of maintain
ing peace.
As early as 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing people began wending their way
toward the Union Iron Works and
! when the time arrived for the launch
■ ing of the vessel fully 4000 men and
women had gathered in the spacious
yards erf the company to see the event
; which was to bring in close union the
j two hemispheres. Miss May L. Rudd,
i upon whom devolved the pleasing duty
i of giving name to the magnificent ves
sel, was early at her post and as she
stood surrounded by representatives of
the Mikado's realm and the gaudily
attirod officers of her own State, she
carried out the dainty idea so beau
tifully interwoven throughout the en
tire proceeding that peace is best pre
served through perfection of prepara
tion for war.
Promptly on the marking of the mln
| ute there was an alarm of an electric
bell and the vast body felt "the thrill
of life along her keel" and started for
the element wherein she is to find her
future home. Simultaneously with the
i first start came the crash of glass, and
j the foaming wine rar> down to meet the
wave, while white dovep. released from
! their confinement, soared aloft, bearing
their glad tidings, as the dove carried
Its emblem back to Ararat during the
period of early naval architecture.
Then came the noise of jubilation —
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXFAEY 23, 1898.
the blare of band was hushed and
seemed but as a throb in the mighty
pulsation of sound as steam whistle,
cannon, bomb and other conglomera
tion of noise rent the air. Earth and
sky and sea seemed to join in one vast
acclaim over the completion of the task
and as the majestic hull split the wa
ters and rode gracefully upon the ws.ve
the vast multitude sent forth such a
synchronous shout of joy as can only
come from throats contracted b> >ent
up emotion.
All the while that the earth seemed
rent with tht* commotion of noise the
sky above played its part in the gen
eral celebration, for bombs of queer
make carried aloft strange devices in
blending colors, giving to American
eyes evidences of Japanese art in the
way of pictures in air. Flashing light
ning, raining stars of golden hue, giant
butterflies, writhing dragons, flocks of
strange birds and weird beasts hov
ered over the bay and crowned the
consummation of the work below.
As the Chitose rested calmly on the
waters the hum and ring of busy
workmen was resumed in the yards;
but another scene was presented in the
vast mold loft. There were gathered
together the guests of the Japanese
representatives and the men who have
proved their ability to cope with the
world in the matter of building ships.
During the serving of an elegant
luncheon there were toasts and senti
ments which brought together in closer
ties the two nations which stand fac
ing across the blue waters of the Pa
cific. Those gathered were joint guests
of the Union Iron Works and Captain
S. Sakurai. and Orient vied with Occi
dent in the extension of wishes of
goodwill between the nations.
Among the guests of the day were:
Mayer James D. Phelan. Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter. Police Commissioners
Alvord and Tobin, Chief of Police
Lees, Bishop Nichols. Judge W. W
Morrow, Judge R. V. Harrison, Judge
Knowles of Montana, Colonel John P.
Jackson, Colonel John P. Irish. M H
de Young. Robert Watt, Charles Webb
Howard, W. Broderick, Chester Bailey
Fernald. Dr. E. R. Taylor. General W
H. L. Barnes Chief Justice Beatty and
E. W. Maslin.
There was an Imposing array of
United States army officials, splendid
in gold lace and cocked hats. There
was Lieutenant Miley, chief aid
Colonel Babcock, Colonel Moore!
Colonel Middleton, General Witcher.
Major Field, Major Groesbeck, Lieu
tenant Green and Lieutenant Noble.
The tug Umatilla came down from
Mare Island with a contingent of offi
cers of the United States navy, but did
not mako ■ landing.
Officers of the Naval Reserve honored
the day by appearing in full uniform.
Those present were Captain Turner,
Lieutenant Commander Nerney, Chief
Engineer Kingsland, Paymaster Un
derhill and Lieutenant Dennis.
A great number of Japanese people
were present and seemed to enjoy the
ceremony thoroughly. <"aptain S. Sa
kurai of the Imperial Japanese navy
wore a handsome uniform and decora
tions. He was supported by Chief En
gineer J. Wagagaki, I. J. N.. and As
sistants Otsuka and Nakayama,
I. J. N.
other distinguished Japanese r>e<>T>lo
present were <""onsul-General Seggawa,
Dr. I. Katsukl. Messrs. K. Yamada. G.
Y. Okada, C. Tourntain, U. Rnyekawa,
T. Asahlna, S. Haglhara, A. Segawa.
ML Maila, and Messrs. Saito, Ichihashi.
Mikami, Miyatanl, Fujisawa, Tamal,
Sakanouye and Uyeda.
OPERATIC WOES.
The Italian Road Season Not For-
tunate — The Leader and Sev-
era! Singers Are Here.
The Italian Opera Company that recent
ly appeared at the California and Bald
win Theaters, has not had a very for
tunate time of it since leaving San Fran
cisco. The company is practically ills
banded. Montonarl and Agostini and
what is left of the original organization
are now in Spokane. Vallini. the leader.
Maul, Ctoni, CoUens and Hasiero are
here and will give two orchestral concerts
at the Metropolitan Templo on Thursday
evening and Saturday afternoon.
Two Burglars Sentenced
Henry Mathoy, a youthful burglar, was
comltted to the lone Reform School by
Judge Dunne yesterday. H. G. Brown, a
second degree burglar, was sentenced by
the same court to spend the next five
years of his life within the walls of Fol
som Prison.
New Professional Association
Articles of Incorporation of the Mutual
Medical, Dental and Legal Service Asso
ciation were filed yesterday. The direct
ors are: V. Covalsky, J. E. Christie. L.
Stone, W. A. Brown and Washington I.
Priest.
MORELLIS SflD PLIGHT.
A Breaker of the Revenue Laws
Loses His Wife and Children
and Goes to Jail.
George MortUl of Mu.l Springs. Xl
Dorado County, committed an offtinsr
against the revenue laws of the United
-. and, us a consequence, more or
less remote, hC has lost his wife and his
property, sad will spend the next three
months In the County Jail In this city.
Mur in was convicted of defrauding the
revenue by d'.sti ing grape brandy with
out having procured the necesary license
and without having notified the revenue
authorities of his intention. When he ap
peared before United Btates district
Judge «le Haven for sentence yesterday.
Lawyer Lennon of the firm of Lennon &
Hawkins made a Strong appeal for clem
ency. Mr. Lennon informed the court
that his client had been oonltned in jail
awaiting trial since last November; that
since his arrest his wife had deserted
him and left their two small children to
tred for by strangers, a benevolent
widow having volunteered to take care
of the children until their father's release
from prison.
But this was not the worst of the tale
of woe. A hard-hearted creditor had
levied an attachment upon MorulU's vine
yard and distillery, and nil the prisoner's
"belongings hail been sold by Sheriff's
sale, so that Morelli will walk out of
prison a pauper.
Judge de Haven was evidently im
pressed with Mr. uennon's statement, for
tie imposed the light sentence of three
months' imprisonment in the County Jail
in this city and the payment of a fine of
$100.
A SADLY AFFLICTED FAMILY.
Mrs. Trumann Insane and Her
Children Suffering for Food.
A pitiful case of destitution and insani
ty wns called to the attention of the po
lice anil the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children yesterday. Mrs. Fan
nie Trumnnn of ~J>\ Natoma street wont
to the office of the Chief of Police and
complained that her children and the
neighbors were in the habit of throwing
perfumery on her. The woman's appear
ance showed that her mind was unbal
anced and she was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, to await an investiga
tion as to her mental condition. As it was
certait) that she had children word was
sent to the society and Officer McMurray
was dispatched to the house, where hV>
found six little ones, the eldest of whom
was only 9 years of age.
Not a crumb of bread could, be found in
the house, and Inquiry showed that the
family was in the greatest distress and
suffering for food. The husband and
father is a hard-working mechanic in
the Union Iron Works. Several weeks
agQ he came from Oregon with his fami
ly In the hope that a change would bene
fit his wife's health. The woman's mind
has boen unbalanced for a considerable
time and he sold his farm in the Web
foot State and spent all the proceeds for
medical care for his unfortunate wife. He
had only enough money left to get to
this city, and since then he has struggled
against a most cruel fate. The Associ
ated Charities offered food to the woman,
but she. like many others in her condi
tion, refused, saying- that people took
tliis means to do her harm. The woman
will be taken before the Commissioners
in Insanity. Last evening Officer Mc-
Murray took the children and placed
them in several ehnritanie institutions,
where they will remain until their father
ran provide for them. From all that the
officer can iearn the father has done all
that he could to care for his family.
BIG GRAVEYARD NEEDED.
Doleful Prophecy for Dawson City
by a Californian Now in That
Section.
F. M. Gregory, a Contra Costa County
citizen who is now in the Yukon mining
region, has written to a Berkeley friend
detailing, his experiences in the frozen
north and giving his views on matters in
general and Dawson City in particular.
Regarding sanitary conditions Mr. Greg
ory says: "I <lo not believe that there
could be a more sickly or deadly place
for ■ man to live in during the summer
time, the town being built on a low flat
and there being no sewerage. For those
who stay here a big graveyard will be
r.eedod next summer."
In illustration of the fact that there are
drawbacks to the alluring domain of
fabulous wealth, Mr. Gregory remarks:
"The man who comes up here earns his
money. His expenses are tremendous,
and the hardships and dangers are more
than anyone who has never been here
can possibly realize."
The writer also sounds a note of warn
ing regardlnsj the purchase of wildcat
mines and say«: "You will lose your
money just as sure as you stake anyone
to come in here and Invest in a claim."
Divorce Suits Filed.
Emma F. Whittier has applied to the
courts for a divorce from her husband,
Benjamin A. Whittier. Mrs. Whittier al
leges that her husband is addicted to the
use of alcoholic stimulants to an extreme
riepree and has also failed to provide for
her and her two children. As a result
of the defendant's intemperance, Mrs.
Whittier claims that he has lost his posi
tion with \V. P. Fuller & Co.. and in con
mquepce sin- wished to have the bonds
of matrimony severed.
In the Divorce Courts.
Pauline LenderUc was granted a divorce
from her husband. Henry E. Lenderlic,
yps.rniay. on the ground of desertion.
NEW TO-DAY.
— . . _ _ . I '
Currant's Last |
Amusement
This is the famous puzzle !
which occupied so much of I
Durrant's time during his last
hours on earth. Presented
to him by Attorney Deuprey.
$100 IN CASHTOBEGIVEN AWAY. ;!
To the boy or, girl who sells the largest number cf these famous puzzles before July ]i
Ist, 1898, $50 ; to the second most successful, $3Q ; and to the third, $20. To all who <]
sell over five puzzles ten per cent discount wili be given — also in cash. Easiest way in /
the world for young folks to make money; ten cents starts you in business. Write
fbf particulars. !
This is the most interesting and intricate puzzle yet invented. When completed i|
the pieces form a perfect checker board. Will amuse young and old for hours. Priced
10 cents, postpaid ; send stamps or cash. Address Checker Board Puzzle Co., P.O.
Boa 352, Sacramento, Cal. Reference California State Bank, Sacramento. |
INVESTIGATED
THE CHARGES
OF BRIBERY
Aftermath of the Ohio
Senatorial Elec
tion.
Inquiry of the Legislative
Committee Is Re
sumed.
Manager Dunbar of the Gibson
House Has More to
Say.
TELLS OF WIRE TAPPING.
Bills for the Use of the Telephone to
Columbus Reveal the Name* of
Men Implicated.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 22.— The Legis
lative Committee from Columbus con
tinued its investigation to-day into the
Otis bribery charges brought forward
in the recent election of a United
States Senator. Representative Otis,
who resides here, and who made th«
charges, was not present.
Representatives Rutan, Spellmeyer
and Kinney of the House Investigating
Committee were in attendance, with
Senators Burke, Long, Robinson, Finck
and Garfield, during the examination.
Senator J. J. Sullivan is here with At
torneys Daugherty and Huling, repre
senting the defense.
It has been stated that Sullivan's
right to vote in the Senate on the re
port will be questioned on the ground
that he has been an attorney in the
case, but Senator Sullivan said if he
is disqualified Senators Burke and the
Democratic members of the committee
will be disqualified on the same ground,
and no report can be adopted.
Horace B. Dunbar, president, and
manager of the Gibson House, who
was examined at length last night,
was recalled. He produced further re
cords showing that Henry H. Boyce of
New York, H. H. Hollenbeck of Char
don, Ohio, H. H. Archer of Columbus.
J. P. Bliss, also of Columbus, and sev
eral others on both sides of the Sena
torial contest were guests at the Gib
son House from January 7 to 10.
Dunbar testified last night that H. H.
Boyce had used the private 'phone, and
that the conversations were taken
down at the telephone office in the gen
eral offices down stairs. To-day the
witness presented the unpaid telephone
bills of Boyce. By Boyce using the
private telephone in the Gibson House
the telephone company had trouble in
making out the bills. Those presented
to Dunbar for payment were produced.
These gave the records as to when
Boyce, Hollenbeck, Bliss, Allen O. Mey
ers Jr., and others in Cincinnati called
up Dick, Rathbone, Kurtz, Allen O.
Meyers Sr. and others in Columbus,
giving the time and charges.
Dunbar then testified further to
conversations which he gave in his evi
dence last night as taking place be
tween his hotel in Cincinnati and the
Senatorial manager in Columbus.
ESCAPE OF c LUNATIC.
Martin Cavin, a Your)g Mar), WalKs
Unobserved Out of the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Martin Cavin. an insane patient at the
Receiving Hospital, made his escape yes
terday morning about 7 o'clock and his
friends and the police are hunting the
city to find him. His breakfast had been
taken to him and Assistant Steward Fog
arty did not think it necessary to turn
the key in the padlock of his cell aa he
would be visiting it again in a few min
utes to take away the breakfast dishes.
Cavin took advantage of the occasion.
and when Fogarty went to the cell It
was empty.
Cavin has a record for making his es
cape. He is* a young man, about 24 years
of age. and had been confined in Dr.
Whitwell's private asylum in San Mat«b
County. I^ast Wednesday night the door
of his cell had been loft unlocked for a
few minutes and he cleared out. He came
to the city and Thursday night got on a
Market-street car and raised such a dis
turbance that the conductor called a
policeman and had him arrested. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital as it
was seen that he was insane, and he ad
mitted that he had escaped from the
\Vhitwell asylum.
2930
AND NOW FOR THE
GREAT EVENT.
TO-MORROW will see the begin
ning of the great Golden Jubilee
celebration. All is in readiness
for the week's festivities. The
committees, which have worked
faithfully and earnestly, have
the satisfaction of seeing their plans
complete, and now nothing is undone
to give a welcome and six days' enjoy
ment to the many visitors who will
pour into the city to help California
give praise in a merry way for the fifty
years' prosperity she has enioyed
since the day Marshall found a nugget
of gold in a gulch at Colma.
All of Friday night the parade com
mittee worked arranging the order of
the procession, and when daylight
came yesterday morning it was just
completing its labors. The fifteen di
visions of the parade were assigned to
their places and the aids to the grand
marshal received their final instruc
tions.
The police have been ordered by
Chief Lees to take extra precautions
to guard the route of the march. Men
will be stationed at every crossing:
hours before the parade to prevent
teams from getting on the street, and
an unobstructed ripht of way will be
given the procession.
The streets are being rapidly and
gayly decorated for Jubilee, and
th-- city, when Monday morning dawns.
will be resplendent with gold and yel
low. The business houses are vicing
with each other in the nature of their
decorations.
The parade committee has been noti
fied of over twenty floats that will be
in t) -ion and the nature of
each of them. They have been assign
ed to places in the procession and the
members of the committee say that
they will be the most elaborate of any
floats that have ever appeared in the
streets of any city.
A now march, the "Golden Jubilee
March." composed by Mrs. Violet
Wheeler Rucker, formerly of San Jose,
will be played during the parade.
All arrangements have been completed
for the Jubilee ball to be given by Pa
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
DIED.
AT.AMADA-In this city. January 20. IS9B.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Frank Ala-
mada, and . mother of Mary, Frank. Toney
and Nellie Alamada, a native of Newport,
R. 1., aged 56 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 7 Baldwin court, off Folsom street,
between Fremont and First, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem
man will be celebrated for the repose of
her scul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEWAR-In this city, January 21. 1898. Mar-
garet, widow of the late John Dewar. a na-
tive of Rossshlre, Scotland, aged 72 years.
(CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 170 Kuss street. Interment Odd Pel-
lows' Cemetery.
DUXWORTH— In this city. January 20, ISM.
James J.. beloved husband of Annie •Dun-
worth (nee Dempsey), son of Peter and the
late Johanna Dunworth, and brother of Mrs.
C. Rial. Mrs. J. O'Shea, Mrs. F. Roberts
and Peter A. Dunworth, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years and 2 months.
B7Frlend<! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 249 Harriet street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
'HAY— In this city. January 20, ISC- 1 ;. Jose-
phine, beloved wife of Patrick Foohay.
daughter of John and the late Catherine
Hardiman, and sister of Mamie and Thomas
Hardlman, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years.
K7Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. *713 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GUSTIFSON— In this city. January 20, IS9S,
Swan Gustifson. a native of Sweden, aged
26 years. (Chicago papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances and members
of Carpenters' Union No. 22. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress L.awn Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, January 20, 1898. Ed-
ward Joseph, beloved Infant son of Nellie
and Thomas Jones, a native of San Fran-
cisco, used 1 year and 5 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 244 Duncan street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
kOKHNCKE—In this rity, January 21. IS9B.
Ethel R . dearly beloved and only daughter
of Christian H. and Rertha J. Koehncke, a
r.fitiv of San Francisco, aged & years 4
months and 7 days.
[T?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Sunday), at -:20 '''clock, from the residence of
B€T parents, 311 Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Hyde and Larkin streets. Interment
sonic Cemetery.
LITTLE— In Oakland, January 21. 1898. Har-
riet Spaldlng Little, widow of the late M. .1.
• Little of Berkeley, Cal., a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 63 years.
(ETFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1406 Henry street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment private.
PORTNEY— In this city, January 21, UN, Mar-
garet Portney (nee Kelleher). beloved wife
of John Partner, sister of Mrs. J. Mannix
and Mrs. J. Rellly. and sister-in-law of Kate.
James and Mary Portney, a native of the city
of Cork, Ireland, aged 26 years 10 months and
17 days.
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 616 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, where a requiem
moss will be celebrated for the repose of
her- soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTS— this city, January 20. 1898.
George H. Roberts.a native of Massachusetts,
aged 55 years.
IC^Frlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at • 1 o'clock, from Washington
Hall, 37 Eddy street. Funeral under the aus-
pices of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. Inter-
ment Golden Gate Cemetery.
REMINGTON— In this city. January 21. IS9B.
Henry W., beloved husband of Rose Reming-
• ton, and only son of Mrs. H. M. and the late
' Frank C. Remington, a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged *26 years. (Suf field, Conn., and
Springfield. Mass., papers please copy.)
iCT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
| dence. 2855 Sixteenth street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. , ■>
BPIARS— At 1249 High street. Frultvale. Janu- i
: ary 19, IS??, Frank W., beloved husband of :
• Anna M. Splars, a native of Harlow, Essex,
' England, aged 57 years and 19 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
pie, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland, under the auspices of Live Oak
I Lodge No. Cl, F. and A. M. Liberty Lodge
No. 33. K. of P., and Albion Lodge No. 206.
' Sons of St. George, Invited. Interment Moun-
' tain View Cemetery. v
TRUE— this city, January 20, , IMB. Mar-
■ garet, beloved wife of Charles S. True, a
. native of Pennsylvania, aged 31 years end 7
; months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ■ Invited to attend- the funeral this day
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Native 'Sons"
Hall, where services will be held. under the
auspices of Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladles
' of the O. A. R. '
WITTHACK— this . city. January 20, I*9B.
. Katie A. A., youngest and beloved daughter
i of Fred and Meta Wltthack, and sister of
' Fred. Henry, Hcrrman, Dora and Margaret he
ride Parlor on Monday evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall. Decorators are at work
cm the hall and it is rapidly assuming
an artistic aspect. Much interest is be
ing manifested by the various parlors
of the order, and all of them will be
represented in the grand march, which
will commence at 8:45 p. m. A splendid
programme of dances has been ar
ranged and a large orchestra secured.
The floor will be reserved for dancers
only, while the galleries will be open
to spectators.
For the Wild West show at Central
Park the services of the eighty surviv
ing members of the Saliyomis, or Cua
pas tribe of Indians, have been se
cured. These Indians belong to a war
like race, which was constantly fight
ing with the neighboring tribes of
Northern California. On April 7, 1836,
General Vallejo, with a band of fifty
soldiers an 100 Indians, fought a battle
with them in the hills above the Rus
sian River Valky. The savages were
driven back into the mountains near
the geysers, where a large number of
them were wounded and killed. Sub
sequently a treaty of peace was con
cluded with them, which has been un
broken up to the present day. This
tribe will form their camp at Central
Park during the time of the entertain
ment.
David P. Brown, the driver of an
emigrant wagon, crossed the plains in
1856 in the same manner in which he
will be seen in the jubilee parade.
The following order of events has
been decided upon for the military
athletic sports at Central Park be
tween members of the Regular Army
and of the National Guard on Wednes
day afternoon.
One hundred yards dash (trial heats'*,
hasty entrenching, wnll scaling. 10ft yards
dash (final beat), gun detachment con
test, running high jump, 22') yards dash
• trial heats), shoe race, torn pitching con
test, equipment raco, 290 yards dash (final
heat), mounted gymnastics No. 1. run
ning broad jump, retiring sharpshooters,
broadsword contest (melee), pole vault,
tug of war (trials!, rescue race, potato
race (trial heats), relay race, potato race
(final heat), tug of war (final).
The band of twenty-five pieces from
Wltthack. a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 16 days.
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 4. Street, 1• I
Powell and Mason. Interment Masonic Cerae-
t-ry.
WOOD— In this city, January B, UM, William
H., husband of Louise Wood, and father of
Edward L>», Arthur R. and Jessie B. '
and Mrs. l>r. G. T. Gere, a native of Connec-
ticut, aped C 7 years.
E_"7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin dny
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Memorial Hall.
I. O. O. F. building 1 , corner Beventh and
Market street, un^T the auspices of Uni-
ty Lodge N<- 144. I. O. O. F. <\Uifornia
Lodge No. 1. A. < •. T. W., and Clinton Lodge
No Km. K. of H. Interment private.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, |
FI'NEKAL lURECTOKS.V KMHALMEB3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sohool.
Telephone. South B& I
JAP. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AXD EMBALMEKS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San
Francisco. Telephone So. IK.
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Emhalmers,
22,24 AMD 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady aaststaata. Spacious chapel for the use
cf pur patrons Rubber tire^ on our ambulance
GOV. GRIGGS TO
SUCCEED McKENNA
Nominated by the President for
the Vacant Attorney-
Generalship.
Other Appointments Announced In
clude Selah Merrill as Consul
to Jerusalem.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i 'all Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 22.
The President to-day sent this nomina
tion to the Senate:
John \V. Grlggs. now Governor of New
Jersey, to be Attorney-General, succeed
ing McKenna. who will retire to take
Justice Field's place on the Supreme
b«-nch.
The following additional nominations
wvre also submitted:
Selah Merrill of Massachusetts, to be
Consul at Jerusalem.
C. Wesley Thomas, to be Collector of
Customs at Philadelphia; Domingo
Pappy. Collector at St. Augustine, Fla.
St. Clair A. Mulholland, Pension Agent
at Philadelphia.
RACING AT NEW ORLEANS.
J. J. Carroll and Bookmaker May Fined for
Using Offensive Language.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 22.— The Board
of Stewards promulgated the following
this afternoon:
"For engaging in a personal affray on
the grounds of the club, J. J. Carroll and
Bookmaker May are fined $100 each, and
for using offensive language to customers
in violation of track rule 19, J. J. Carroll
Is fined $50 additional."
The affray in qifestion occurred yester
day afternoon. Weather to-day, showery;
track heavy. Results:
Selling, six and one-half furlongs— Belle
of Fordham won. Sister Clara second
Partner third. Time, 1:31.
Selling, six furlongs— Tole Simmons
%on, Al Lone second, Wells Btreet third
Time, 1:21.
Selling, one mile and one-sixteenth—An
fer won. Jamboree second, Ransom third
'line, I:. V*.
Handicap, five and one-half furlongs —
Tabouret won, Sligo second, Brother Fred
third. Time, 1:20 V
Selling, six furlongs — Bob Millican won.
Headlight second, Kallitan third. Time
1:23.
Seven and one-half furlongs— Loyalty
won. Royal Choice second. Swordsman
third. Time, l:4f>4-
Finigan's Departed Wealth.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 22.— The battle for
the wealth that Colonel Peter A. Finigan
is supposed to have hidden away is on
again, and Judge R. EL Bigelow. acting as
counsel for Mrs. Emily H. Finigan, the
beautiful plaintiff, is on a still hunt for
alimony for his client.
During the past two weeks County
Clerk Thomas 8. Ponneau has received
through the mail mysterious Mated docu
ments pertaining to the Finigan case.
These documents have been found to be
depositions of various persons taken in
San Francisco with a view to unearth
ing the mysterious source of Colonel Fin
igan's wealth. When the collection is
completed, another onslaught upon the
Finigan citadel will be made.
Careful measurements prove that the
average curvature of the earth is 6.99
inches to the statute mile.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
Calaveras County Is to arrive In San
Francisco this afternoon. At the ferry
it will be met by Colonel Young in car
riages and escorted In State to the Pal
ace Hotel, where a concert will be
played outside of the Golden Jubilee
headquarters. Next the members of
the ba^nd in their uniforms, consisting
of a miner's hat with its lantern, red
shirts and overalls, will march to the
business office of the morning papers,
where they will play. Finally they
will go to their headquarters at the
Rubs House. This hand, in its rough
and bright colored uniforms, will form
an attractive feature in the Jubilee pa
rade, as wel las in other festivities in
which it will render its services. The
members will accept no compensation,
but prefer to offer their services to the
Jubilee management in order to dis
play the energy and patriotism of thp
county and the mining settlements
which they represent.
The condition of the Jubilee fund at
present is as follows:
Previously made public. $lfi.3f>3 55;
Southern Pacific Company, SUM; Market
Street Railway Company, $ioftu; Crocker
Estate Company. $100: T T tica Minine Com
pany. $100; Walter Orpheum Company.
$50; M. Gunst & Co., $50; P.alfour. Guthrio
& Co., $50; Spreckels Market, $27 50: M. tz
per & Franklin, $25: Baldwin \- Howell,
$25; Shidnwald. Buckbee & Co.. J2.'.; Has
ton, Eldridge & Co.. $25: G. H. Umbsen <<•
<"".. $25; Madison & Hurke. $2.'.; A. C.
Freese, $25; Palace Hotel, $2."; Pacific
Transfer Company, $2.": A. P. Hotaling <fc
<'0., $25; Lachman Ai Jacobi. $2."; Califor
nia Wine Makers' Corporation, $25; Oold
berg. Bowen & Co.. $25; Gundlach. Hund
scher Wine Company. $2.%; Capt. T. F. A.
< >l'.-rmoyer, $25; Kittle ft Co.. $2.; Ca*h
$25; B. P. Oliver, $20; W. R. Grace <v
Co.. $20; G. W. «'lark .V Co., J2<>:
Jones, Paddock <<£.- Co., $2>>; Mlehalitschki'
Bros.. $2«; Charl-s Nelson, *2f<: Abramson,
Hennish & Co,. po ; m. Hart. HO; Gobey'fl
saloon, $10; Wheeland &• Collins. HO; Kast
& Co., $10; Lenormand Bros.. HO; Tales &
Co., $10; J. Do la Montanya. $10; Bhea,
Bocqueraz & Co., HO; Hesperian Parlor
No. 13. N. S. G. W., $10; David.-
Leiph. $10; O'Brien <* Spotorno. $10; \V. B.
Moraghan. HO; Katz A: Sons. Jin; Mirror
sal i. HO; I>. Samuels, HO; California
Optical Works. $M; Thomas Taylor A: Co.,
HO; I'nion Paper Co., $1"; Cartan, Mc-
Carthy & Co., $10; H. Doyle & Co., $10,
EACH MAN
HAS A SACK
OF NUGGETS
Yukon Gold Brought
by the City of
Seattle.
Forty Miners Who Found
Paying Claims Near
Dawson.
Food Situation on the Klondike
Reported Practically
Unchanged.
TROUBLE AT FORT YUKON.
Captain Ray Holds Back a Mob
Search of Food and Declares
Martial Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 22.— Another
treasure ship from the north reached
Seattle about 6 o'clock this morning,
when the steamer City <>f Seattle, from
Dyea and Skaguay, slipped into her
dock. She had on board over forty
returning Klondikers. who had wealth
in drafts and gold nuggets aggregat
ing about $400,000. Among these arri
vals, the latest party to leave Dawson
started on December 18. They report
the food situation as practically un
changed, although the general feeling
is entertained that additional food will
be taken in over the passes early In the
spring.
Of the passengers on board from
Dawson, every man from the gold
fields brought down a sack of gold and
reported that he had struck it rich.
It Is said that nearly all those from
Dawson were men who had gone up on
grub stakes, and it was further stated
that not a single one of them failed to
obtain good claims. Although none of
them brought down such large sums
as did those on the Corona, a few days
ago, yet all were contented and dis
played sacks of dust and nuggets vary
ing from $5000 to $25,000 as "samples"
of what they had "up their sleeves" in
Alaska.
The most inportant information
brought down is that martial law has
been declared at Fort Yukon by Cap
tain Phil Ray of the Eighth Infantry.
United States army. It is reported
that he stood off a mob of 150 men
which had threatened to seize the food
warehouses of the Alaska Commercial
and the North American Trading and
Transportation companies.
Particulars of the affair were sent
from Fort Yukon to Dawson City by
Fred Gasch of Seattle, who traveled
for days over the ice at the direction
and under the orders of Captain Hay.
Gasch proved to be a hero in one sense.
A squad of the mob, numbering four
men, started to head him off on the
trail a short distance from the fort.
He heard of their plans and following
a circuitous route evaded them, and on
December 13 reached Dawson with
news of the trouble at Fort Yukon.
This information was given yesterday
by W. M. Hank of Oakland, Cal., who
was one of the passengers on the
steamer City of Seattle, arriving yes
terday morning. Rank left Dawson
December 16, after having had a long
conference with Mr. Gasch. He knows
Captain Ray well, and ventures the
opinion that the valiant officer has
been able to subdue the mob and to
maintain peace and order at Fort Yu
kim, although he is practically alone in
the district, having been accompanied
to Alaska by Lieutenant Richardson.
This is the story as brought to Dawson
by Gaach and repeated to Rank at
Dawson a day or two before the latter
cash. $10; Wilnerding, Lowe & Co., $10:
S. H. Frank & Co.. $10; St. Georges
Vineyard. $10; Fleishacker Bros., $10;
smalkr amounts, $22 50, realizing a total
of $20,223 55.
The Jubilee committee is arranging
to give band concerts on Union square
on the afternoons and evenings of
Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Fes
toons of incandescent lights will be
strung along hte walks of the park,
and theprogramme, as far as it is ar
ranged, will be given on Thursday by
the Calaveras band. On Friday the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum band will sup
ply the music, and on Saturday the
band of the League of the Cross will
furnish the music. The concerts will
be in conjunction with the floral dis
paly that will take place on those days
in the park.
At the Mechanics' Pavilion during the
coming week the exhibits, many of
which are at present either in a primi
tive state or not even commenced, will
be completed and ready for inspection
by critical ones already pondering on
the expenses of and the clothing neces
sary for their Intended trip to the
Klondike.
Representatives from CalaverasCoun
ty came down to the city yesterday to
deliberate with the management in re
gard to the exhibit to be made by that
county. Floor space, 30x50 in size, will
be assigned to the exhibit. It is to be
surrounded by a circular wall contain
ing some thirty tons of milling rock
from Calaveris County. Within the
wall will be at least 'sixty or seventy
tons more of milling rock obtained from
the Ttica, Plymouth Rock and copper
mines.
It has been decided that there shall
be a horse show day and night at Me
chanics' Pavilion during the session of
the fair. This will be in charge of Pro
fessor Bartholomew, who for thirty
years has been manager of a show
known as the "Equin Paradox."
PROGRAMME FOR JUBILEE WEEK.
MONDAY.
7 a. m. — Salutes from guns at forts.
left Dawsun City for the coast.
On October 28 a mob of men number-
Ing nearly 150 approached the trading
companies and demanded that they be
| given a years supplies each on credit.
They represented that they were
without food; that is, in any consider
able quantity, and that it was the
l'usint-ss of the trading companies to
supply the inhabitants of the region.
When the representatives of the trad
ing companies asked what security the
men could give f<.r the provisions, they
replied that thoy would work in the
mines on the Klondike the next season
and reimburse the companies at the
i end of the season's work. The officials
"f the companies regarded this as a
deliberate attempt to hold them up.
Owing to the food situation in the dis-
I trict and to the known shortage at
j Dawson It was decided to peremptor
ily refuse the demands of the men, and
■ they were notineil that their request
j would not be granted. A consultation
! was h*~'!d in the meantime by the
authorities, and Captain Ray and Lieu
tenant Richardson were advised as to
the situation on the following day. The
mob caused notice to be served on the
trading companies that unless its de
mands were complied with and food
was. distritiuted according to their no
tions the warehouse of the two com
panies would be seized. This was on
October 29. The revolutionary demand
and its accompanying threat aroused
the officials of the trading companies
to the n*-r ssity for immediate action.
I Captain I Jay was informed of the de
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB--Oakland Track -- Seventy-second
day of the Winter Meeting. Saturday, January 22, 1593. Weather
fine. Track good.
yr» FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds; purse, $300.
431 Ablna 107 1
466 Prince Tyrant 122 3
440 Chihuahua 104 11
197 Krolca 107 2
413 Ravelette 107 ! 6
4.".2 MorinKi 109 7
431 ■tleton 122 10
466 I\ A Kinnegan 112 8
417 Dr. Marks 113 4
302 Bnlpaej 107] 9
440 La Maroma 117 I
322 Fallen Princess ....107 **
1 I>,
8 1
4 14
2 2
3 1
B 1
11 1
10 1
6 h
9 3
7 h
1 24
6 14
2 h
3 34
E 2
4 h
10 2
11
!' 2
I 1
7 14
1 3
6 3
2 14
8 14
6 2
4 h
8 1
11
9 4
10 24
7 h
Hi
if
35
4 2
5 2
6 24
7 7
8 1% !
9 3
10 6 I
11
•■• I
pencer
. Sloan
lawson
L Jones
[olmes
>evln
6
15
7-2
15
7-2
*
5
40
M
3 LI
60
6
20
8-5
20
9-2
•
9-2
60
12
60
12
100
horpe
k arxny.
»v.
i
hols ...
Kh
•Coupled with Uavelette. •• Left.
Time. 1 ir.u. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. t. by Emperor of Norfo'.k-Aritta.
start. Won cleverly.
Fair
•T T BKCOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling ;
Hi
three-year-olds and upward ;
purse.
Ml Koenlgon. 4 100 7
(453) Dolore. 4 102 I
M Lucky Star, 4 92 ! 5
(447) Magnus. 3 87 9-
423 warmer, 5 105 4
448 Gotobed. 3.... 98 6
471 Little Singer. 4 90 2
IN May R. 4 100 I
466 Duke of York 11, 3.102 11
422 Captain Reeg. a... '.105 12
441 LI Hun? Chang. 3.. 95 10
463 illant, 6 95 14
446 D. J. Tobin. 4 92 15
458 Blue 11.11. a 101! 3
... Wai ■■*■:. 4 104 13
5 1
11%
3 h
1 V
2 %
6 h
8 h
9 h
12 I
13 1
10 h
14 1
4 %
15
1 1
7 h
5%
3 h
2%
4 v .
9 >»
10 %
82
11 %
12 1
13 2
14 4
6 1
15
1 1H
5 h
* %
31
2%
« 4
8 2
9 1
7 h
12 1
13 %
14 4
11 1
10.2%
':■ •••_-;
ISi O'Connor
2 n E. Jonen
3 « MoNlchols ...
4 3 Devln
5 1 Stevens
« 1 IClawson
7 I>4 jJ. Woods ....
8 H iMcGlnn
9 24 I Ward
10 h IRamiro
11 2 'Harris
12 2 W. Miller ....
13 6 iKiley
14 3 [Holmes
15 [Spencer
4
4
4
8
20
6
20
20
30
60
20
10
20
20 •
30
6
4
7-2
15
6
6
12
30
40
50
20
15
20
25
30
Time, 18. Winner. Caesar Young's blk. m. by Imp. Masseto-imp. Gillian. Good starT
Won first three driving.
78.
THIIID RACE— Three and a half
: purse, 1350.
... Banewor 115 1
460 ' .trrtnl-naa 107 3
460 Clarando 110 ; I
460 Malay ICB 7
(460) Buena Ventura ....115' 2
460 La Concilia 105 6
460 Also Ran ......10S 9
4GO Rainier 105 8
436 Racine Murphy ....105 10
4CO LimatUß (Lomatu*)los 4
... Distal}.-- 118 11
I *
4 4
3 2
5 h
1 h
6 4
9 2
S 2
10 3
7 1
11
1 2
•2 6
. 3 2
4 2
5 2
6 1
7 h •
8 2
9 1
10 2
11
-1
i
i
"horpe 4 ie-5
Jooney so 15
'. McHugh .. 6 g
'lawson • •
'onley 4-5 4-3
)' Connor •• ••
larris 30 60
peneer 20 30
lolmes 30 4.1
illls ••• •••
ones 15 20
• Couple. 1 with Banewor. •• Coupled with Magdalenas. ••• Coupled with Clarnndo
Time. :<S. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. f. by Imp. Stromboll-Guldon Fair
start. Won ridden out.
IT*) FOI'RTH RACE— One mile; three- year-olds; the Shellmound Handicap; purseT
\ f.
••• Coupled with Clarnndo.
Imp. Stromboll-Guldon. Fair
"*m.
(413) Eddie Jones 1I«'
M Flandes 102,
<K9) Catawbu K«5
413) Eddie Jones
4<V, Flandos
K>9) Catawbu
Time.
Won easily.
llfi 3 ins ins lh In 12 Thorpe l-s ».r
102 1 3 3 3 3 244 iE. Jones .... S 7
Winner Burns &; Waterhouse's b. c. by Morello-Early Rose. Good start.
3
2
1 ns
3
2 24
1 ns
3
2 2
h
>
1 n
3
2 2
12
urpe
Jones
Martin ...
Ofl FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; the Berkeley
yj\J» purse. $1000.
High Weight"
Handicap;
Index.
tomes.
444 Colonel Dan, 3 110 3
<4.*2) Btepabout, 3 Ml 4
444 Rubicon, a 14'» .".
astay, I lfi l
v.-so, 5 n.v 2
444 Colonel Dan, 3 110 3 ... 46 46 43 IV. Thorpe ... 4 i
453) Btepabout, I 102 4 ... 11 . 124 11% 2 1 (ciaw«on ' 2 2
444 Rubicon, a HO 3 ... 5 5 5 324 Conley "■ 5-2 a
4..1 Mainstay, I 122 1 ... 3 1 3 2 31% 41% H. Martin ill 6 5
S3O '11. ■■■so. X, 115 2 ... 2% 2h 2h 5 W. Martin ..I 4 6
Time. 1:15%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. c. by Salvator-Fleurette. Fair start.
"Won first three driving. • " • " "
4 5
11 .
I
3 1
2 Hi
4 6
1 2V4
5
3 :
2 h
4 3
I*
IF
1 4 Th<
2 1 Cla
3 »H ;Cor
4 r-, HL
I \V.
81,
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Hones.
Jockey*.
(44f.) Osrlc 11, 4 1
4.16 Sly. 4
4t9 Imperious. 3
4TI Lgat Oirl. 4
M 6 Myth. 4 :
459 Merrutln. 4
423 Sea Spray. 6
4> ' }'escador. a !
3
<
1
4
5
I
3 14
6 4
1 3
2 %
4 1
5 %
.3 14
4 n
1 2
2 l .
5 14
6 6
'■ ■ 1 -
4 n
l>
6 2
67
34
4 4 ■
1 %
2 2
5 1%
G 4 .
7
1 M
2 h
3 3
4 2
I 24
6 2
7
on
>ods ....
rhols ...
5-2
3
5
10
5-2
12
30
30
3
3
6
8
5-:
30
30
60
r
sr
in
•Left.
Time. 1:28. Winner Bums & Waterhouse's b. h. by Ben AU-Shasta. Fair start. Won
flri«t three driving-
10:30 a. m.— Parade. Procession begins at
foot of Market stret. Route along
Market, Montgomery, Montgomery ave
nue, Kearny. Market, Van Ness to Jack
son and countermarch past reviewing
stand on Van Ness avenue. Immedi
ately after parade literary exercises at
Woodward's Pavilion preceded by a
short Instrumental concert by Cassasa's
hand.
8 p. m.— Jubilee hall N. S. G. W. Hall
under the auspices of Pacific Parlor N.
S. G. W.
8 p. m.— Ball and banquet Pioneer Hall
under the auspices of the California
Pioneers" Association.
8 to 9:30 p. m.— Fireworks display at
Twenty-first and Sanchez streets. Rln
con Hill, and Clay and Jones streets.
TUESDAY.
(Native Daughters' Day.)
.10:80 a. Reception by Native Daugh
ters at N. S. G. W. Hall continuing all
day.
2:30 p. m.— Football at Central Park be
tween teams | from the United States
army and the National Guard of Cali
fornia. .'.•■. .-•.:
8 p. m.— Ball and reception given by the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
at N. S. G. W. Hall.
WEDNESDAY.
2 p. Military athletic tournament.
Central Park. Teams from the Na
tional Guard and the United States
army will compete.
TII|TIES»A V. '
2 p. m. — Opening of the fiesta de vaqueros
at Central Park.
8 p. Turners' Fest. Woodward's Pa
vilion. An exhibition of calisthenics and
gymnastics, followed by a ball.
iKintv.
2 p. m.— Military review at Presidio.
2 p. m.— Fiesta de vaqueros, Central
Park.
SATURDAY.
(Childrens' Day.)
10 a. Drill and calisthenics of school
classes, open to all public, private and
parochial schools at Golden Gate Park.
2 p. m. — Baseball at Velodrome between
teams of the National Guard and the
United States army.
7 p. m. — Opening of Mining Fair and clos
ing of the Jubilee. Exercises at Me
chanics' Pavilion.
mands in the last notice of the mob.
He immediately hoisted the flag of the
United States over the warehouses, and
placing Lieutenant Richardson in
command of one, took possession of the
other himself.
Revivals at Central Church.
Revival meetings of great interest are
being conducted In the Central Methodist
Church by the pastor. Dr. Charles Ed
ward Locke. The meeting's began the
Ist of January, and have steadily in
cr>ased in interest. Large audiences as
semble each evening, and well-attended
Bible readings are held each afternoon.
Many persons have already given public
evidence of a desire to lead Christian
lives. The sprightly music is a specially
interesting feature of the services. Dr.
Locke delivers short practical addresses
each evening. People are invited, after
the old Methodist custom, to go forward
and bow at the altar of prayer. The
meetings are announced to be held each
evening this week except Saturday. Dr.
Locke's subject for his sermon this even
ing will be. "A Motto for the Golden
Jubilee." Central Church is well known
as the people's church, and cordial Invi
tations ar*> extended to the public to at
tend all of the services.
Sixteenth and Mission Very Busy.
Since the big house of the Pattosien Com
pany run their large sale of carpets and
' furniture It In that neighborhood looks like
Market st. People are coming from all over
the city and country getting bargains in fur
niture, fitting out hotels and homes at one
half of regular price.
■ ♦ «
Laplanders think nothln? of covering
150 miles a day on their skates.
NEARLY CLEANED
THE PROGRAMME
Horses From the Burns
& Waterhouse Stable
Took Four Events.
Eddie Jones, a Morello Young
ster, Won the Shell Mound
Handicap.
Colonel Dan Defeated Stepabout for
Another Stake — Favorites
Beaten.
It was a bad day for the horses of
the Burns & Waterhouse stable at Oak
land yesterday. They only took both
of the stake and two purse races— that
was all. Handicapper Brooks must
have been purchasing bric-a-brac the
night before In Chinatown, when he
put 116 pounds on Eddie Jones, the
winner of the Shell Mound handicap
for three-year-olds, and Colonel Dan
raked in the Berkeley handicap for the
rulers of Emeryville. Banewor, a
daughter of the deported sire Strom
boll, favored, as all of the horses of
this stable are, drew the choice posi
tion In the two-year-old event and won
cleverly. She is a rare good filly. Osrlc
took the last race in a hard drive from
Sly.
Favorites won but two events on the
card. The attendance was the best of
the week, and the betting far above
the average.
A tip was so liberally* circulated on
<liihuahua that the gelding was sent
to the post an 8 to 5 favorite for the
first event at six furlongs. After get
ting away last he made a good run,
finishing third. Abina. a 6 to 1 chance,
ridden by Spencer, led all the way,
winning cleverly from Prince Tyrant,
a M to 1 shot, piloted by Cash Sloan.
The seven-furlong following was re
sponsible for another warm one. Road
warmer was played from 20 down to 6,
and after showing the way to the
stretch, began stopping, as usual, and
was unplaced. Koenigen, with little
O'Connor in the saddle, then took up
the running and at the wire led Dolore
out less than a length. Lucky Star,
the post favorite, astride which Mc-
Nichola tried to get through next the
rail and got pocketed the las* sixteenth,
was third, beaten but a neck. He was
undoubtedly the best.
The Shellmound handicap, over one
mile for three-year-olds, was the most
insipid affair of the season. Of the
original large number of acceptances,
there were but three acceptances. The
brown Morello colt, Eddie Jones, carry
ing the colors of Burns & Waterhouse
was a prohibition 1 to 3 favorite and
had only to gallop to beat Flandes and
Catawba. both hopelessly outclassed
The stake was worth $700 to the win
ner.
New Paper for Oakland.
Another weekly paper for Oakland Is
" NEW TO-DAY.
•wmwmm
809 ~S<Mim/l' Reception
MARKET 3§JH^ R(Wffl N °-
street. -^sM&k ffSr^- Flood Building.
lA/ITHOUT PAIN.
WE |UA\/Fn FROM THE
HAVE IVI KJ V LLIJ 900 BLOCK
to 809 Market Street, Flood Building, cor-
ner Fourth and Market.
Owing to the necessity of more room and better accommodations WE HAVE MOVED
Our prices are just the same, however. Don't make a mistake should other dentists adver-
tise from our old location and go there, as there is but one Electro- Dental Clinic in this city
No students or inexperienced men to do your work. We guarantee all work and the most
courteous treatment, with prices less than one-half given you by any first-class dentists in
OUR PRICES FOR THE NEXT 30 DAYS WILL BE:
FULL SET OF TEETH for $4 50 up .! SILVER FILLING 25c ...
GOLD CROWNS. 22k 350 up GOLD FILLING .....:::. ??5 no
BRIDGE WORK, per Tooth 3 50 up (CLEANING TEETH ... 50c u a
By leaving your order for Teeth in the morning you can get them the same day-
No charge for Extracting Teeth when plates are ordered. I
Lad 1 ? $^ntr ! '^!JsSU~«l l^lr?i«SttS^^ mOami electrlcal deViCe ' used here -
DON'T FORGET THE NUMBER-BQ9 MARKET STREET,
CORNER FOURTH, Second Floor, Flood Building.
DR. T. E. STRONG.
Office Hours— a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays. 9t012 m.
OOCXXXXXKOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I DOW I
I Steam Pump I
I Works, j
§ GEORGE E. DOW - - Proprietor |
Q MANUFACTURERS OF §
o STEAM PUMPS AND HYDRAULIC 8
| MACHINERY. 8
| 108-120 BEALE ST., §
x San Francisco, 9t
g CAL,. Q
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
for a , h powerful , Pl>roaisiac and specllic tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
kidnevif "nnS I?*,*- remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. .A ereat Roatorat(v»
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells Sin,
NißEP° n^"T W ,iS ded te stimonial» necessary
mX^B&FstT 1!^1 !^ f^Suiar.)
IBH DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
WHI IfSi Five hundred reward for any caa*
U"~" "■■*■♦-■ cannot cure. This secret remedy
L_ • Hl tOD . 8 all losses in 24 hours, cures
MBl ■ Emissions. Impotency. Varicocele.
Kyi lYiin? onor r hoea ' Gleet. Fits. • Strictures.
Mjjy U^l.'.-t Manhood and all wasting ef-
MTIP RBlln (octso ' self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■22SaB5^fc» eealed J2 bottle: 3 bottles, 15; guar
RTmiw^-/^ 8 HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cat Also
for sale ;at 1073H Market st.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
about to he launched. It !s to be called
the Looking Glass, and Its publisher Is
J6hn A. Massie of 1015 Linden street. The
initial number Is to be issued early in
the coming month. The publication is to
be essentially local, paying particular at
tention to social . political and literary
affairs. It Is asserted that the new ven
ture has the assurance of substantial
backing from several political aspirants,
who expect to be in the tight for place
in next summer's city election campaign.
CAREER OF A
VERY BOLD
SWINDLER
Continued from Page Twenty-seven.
and through the Carolinas. I went to
California about June, and then came
back into Oregon and Washington,
staying only a few days in Washing
ton. Then I went into Oregon and went
from Eugene City to a lumbering mill.
There I got a horse, saddle and bridlo
and $10 from a man. I went from there
to Prineville. There I got $60 and a
better horse, and from there went ove?
the John River and from there to Win
nemucca. I made a flying trip to San
Francisco on the train and then tool?
the stage route, stopping at a few small
towns. Then I went by stage to Cres
cent City and then across to Grants
Pass. Then back I went by the South
ern Pacific to San Francisco, arriving
there three days before election. I
stopped at the New International Ho
tel, and in conversation with a bar
tender, who wore four or five badges,
while we were both half drunk, he told
me he could get a receipt for Masonic
dues in any lodge in the country. All a
man had to know, he said, was the de
grees. This man was a night bartend
er in a saloon within two blocks of the
hotel, but I don't remember the exact
location. I asked him what it would
cost me for the receipts and he replied,
'eight dollars for a dozen or two.'
"He introduced me to a man named
Levy, who was 40 or 50 years old, and
as well as I can remember kept a sec
ond-hand store; anyway there was all
kinds of goods in it. I paid Levy $13
for four receipts, which he filled out
under the following names: Martin
Mallory, George Fleming, Professor
Willey. and William Ball. Out of the
$13 $10 went for the receipts and $3 for
sealing. After securing the receipts I
took a steamer to Victoria, B. C, and
then went to Tacoma. From there I
went to Oregon and then back to Pug-?t
Sound and finally to California, where
I remained most of the time until
spring. I was in many different places
in California, borrowing money as I
went from place to place. I remember
getting money at Marysville, Sacra
mento and San Jose."
Struck, by an Engine.
"W. R. Hosmer is employed in a stone
yard at Tenth and Townsend streets, and
while crossing the railroad track yester
day afternoon he got too near a shunting
engine. He was knocked down, and. for
tunately, fell clear of the rails. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that two of his ribs were frac
tured and his nose, back and sides were
contused.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers &
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
' • ■ f
* %
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
| cured so many men who had battled for
; years against the mental and physical
I suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
I tute has decided to distribute free trial
j packages to all who write. It is a home
i treatment and all men . who suffer with
j any form of sexual weakness ; resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
; themselves at home. g
; The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and . troubles that
! come from years of misuse of the natural
| functions and has been an absolute sue-
, cess in all cases. A request to the State
I Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
j Building, Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
i ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
I of men who are unable to leave home to
I be treated and the free , sample will en-
I able them to. see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free^rn^fe
carefully sealed- in a plain packa«£ P lo
that its ; recipient need have no fear of
?^^^«&^^-"
>gS9VDEWEY,STRONG ScCQ..^
I* "PATENTS 1
y&XM .MARKET ST. S.F.^^SJ/I BUREAU OF INFORMATION, FERRY BUILDING, Foot of Market St., San Francisco. I
|g _TP?.EE3 EXHIBITION OF OUTFITS, SUPPLIES, ETC. ..... ALL JL.FLEI WELCOME, p
The route via San Francisco is the quickest, '<•---*&.** ifri"s&sTi*sAi* ' rfii' »ii aiiitfA"* '-■*-■ ■■ ' The Stock of Miners' Supplies in San Fran- oj^
>j wilf^^^^^J^^^^^^^^_^^M*JV7 { t '^** '""• If A ' ' * t£^*^l*i» **KrtS Y^^ id/ -' """»" "-" "" 3 ~^*
|| LIST OF SUBSCRIBERS TO JANUARY 12, IS9B, OF THE J^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ US! OF SUBSCRIBERS— Continued. ||
Balfour, Guthrie &Co 31fi California street. f '' JwtffiXjSf *$ J>j£siffi*y&Em7~i '^'^■''^^^^^^^^^f^^^^^*^^^^''' J: ~~ v--— '*;'!?•'■ •' '^ f ij Foard. L 9 Market street. c*:_ 3
»-)o Bank of California *<*> California street. 1 ' «»_Sw s *^i^&G?^l " ' iJ?*^"!! ' .^». ■ s' •>-:<-"- **^'-^i_ b^HtZ i^_vi. ■*^ d-Jiy^ "'^t^Ssß Jonslyn, G. M &Co 3S Market street. cv^^
fcl)o London, Paris and American Bank 1-3 Sansome street. I *<ffi>g*gMhfcJS aPQlssigWaßag. W^f YvrG&tittvr-rj: 6ZZne+Jvri^.*r^T'SFM*m i^Jlli .--•-, < ■ . M " ' " "'""'iT| Lewis. Anderson & Co 2G Kast street. Ho
o  , ti ft 7Tffr^B?'r^BKr^'^y^^SM_~'^sfg?lrT Jg" trxj *«• - ' ' •- ; -"'^'^ p !ffi*Vt^ -'~_Tr-^ '"•"'*' JxJBsiS^DW 1 Madison. Bruce &Co 34 Steuart street. °<~^*
t^)o Alaska Preserved Bread Co f.SS Fourth street. V^T* ~ ' '^rSN^O^fSP-tf^^^^ *""** ' - "'** t>^V>ij . iui d ~~~°*''~* J •-' — -» — TOBACCO AND SMOKERS* ARTICI °5H2
_»~-(o Fontana &Co ('or. Market and Davis Vj' ■ iSS^pf^^^ V> _^^-r o^^^\* Horn &Co 206 Batte.rv street. * ci ~*t
y~j- Kittle &Co 202 California street. ■-• ' MC»<Js^ Weil. A. T. &Co 107 Battery street. i o<"^8
s>»- >p CHflfrtl ATP ivn COCOA t&*^^"*^ W i Wertheimer Co 115 Battery street. '_, ~<m
jfc" S-, Ghirardelli, D. &Co '. 617 Sansome street. If L EPHONE Main 704- ** f/? > (__T^- . > -^.—. — - * KAliorUK I A I wv/Jrlr'AlMtc*. j 3-^
g-g r , ATHINr iCLirnumiiAiiwyT-. (// <^; ' ( S? S? Alaska Kxplcration Co 13!» Post street. 1 gj-jg
V.liUini«Ui • **>»»• .***» __ > • ■>i*////W/ /'*'*» , * Alaska-Yukon Transportation Co 3 Steuart street. " , T)^S
:C: C Brown Bros. & Co 121 Sansome street. ™»~"" > »»r* J £~^!^/&C-^^fCVV/,£y/J/ f?'fiO/7S^ California and N. W. Trading: & M. Co 402 Kearny street. 3-*
~~CZ Cohen. Hirsch &Co 3-5 Buttery street. . ' ' 'V/wm^ LsX^-r^s Cogan.B 44 East street. 212
m£-Z Hoffman. A. &H 623 Market street. . * — . __ r« A >>T A-NT C3<=.^.^__* a •.— Dickey, C. ARent ....". 34 California street. 2^
•— Hllp, Henry 106 Battery street. 13. " M " C?A.R<^^.A.r^, Secretary. Pacific Steam Whaling Co 30 California street. 3""*»
g^>° I^evi Strauss &Co 14 Battery street. ? ~~ — " " " " ~ T* Skaguay and Lake Bennett Transportation Co. 19 Crocker building. : °\~^
»-» Myerstein Co 6 Battery street. T .TCZ«rp /^^)TT« C2TTT?SC"_J__2.I_3 !KP <*-"■• <-vr"» + -i-v>i -v> 11Cl( J Yukon Trading and Transportation Co 19 Montgomery street. ! °<-- •
_-:)o Morgan Bros 229 Battery street. J_i_C=> X V_^J? O »-» J=>>— »-cj_e^,£3 V_/OIJ.X,IIJ.TJ.^d. TRITIMI^«S AMrfc TDAVFI lVr RA/»«2 °<r_2
St^o Neustadter Bros Pine & Sansome sts. GOLD AND SILVER REFINERY. Swain Hardware Manufacturing Company 215 Spear street. IKUPtIV© AMU I KAVCLIHU tSAdO. "f^
•— >o Stein, Simon &Co 685 Market street. q.lhv R ,i tl n»- -iv^r.L-= .., m . _„ .♦«.«♦ X ay ' George H. &Co 51 First street. Hlrschfeldcr &Co 22 Sutter street. «=<-*•
5:» Roos Bros "... Kearny & Post streets. Selby Smelting Works 416 Montgomery street. Taylor & Spotswood 31 Beale street. Malm, C. A 220 Bush street > • o(_^
e_->o The Hastings 21 Montgomery street. GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. Taylor. John &Co Vg^/^g^-"-"^-^^,^^ UNDERWEAR AND KNITTED GOODS. B3
J^v, COFFEES, TEAS AND SPICES. A^^n?-&V;^:±:V^;"r;.^lSl C^strelr 1 ' ■ Woodlock. John 17 New Montgomery Freud. UfIULKWL/lK A."IU t\. >I 1 I 742 Market street. 3""*
SIS COFFEES, TEAS AND SPICES. Irmour Pa^kitU'V-o' S CtolST Woodtock, John 26 Beale street. Freud, M. & Sons 742 Market street. !2^
ES n^^::::::::::::::::-:::^ SS g^^^ic^EEEEiEE^Sa-KScH D and leather goods ggss'ss H^^pPfi||H^^ 3
g DRUGS AND MEDICINE CASES. Goldber K . B?wen &Co .......V.^r.Zm i " Mdwln HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS. rt , • Sacha Bros. &Co ... 29 Sansome street. ' M
£E A w^C MEDICINE CASES £ST!ISS. *..*": S^ir-et Brtdwt. KoW Market & Powell st,. WINDMILLS. :g^
£§ e^r^^o::::::::::::::::::::::::::..:::::::::::fMark;t n^et strpet - l^^^n K co::::::::::::::::::::v::::::::::^ gr^S^rST*" cc — lal H^' 0 " 1 - Krau«h iunufkct« rt »« c« n Be a , e street. ;g3
»^» Gates. J. R. &Co 407 Sansome street. Johnson-Locke Mercantile Co 204 Front street. Grand ■— Market & \Vw «nnt " « V. Atl w WINES AND LIOIIOR«n - i§3
Langley & Michaels First & Jessie streets. Kraft. F. W ..; 1500 California street. Grand Hotel Market & New Mont- VVimpo AIXU L.iyuUK*». o<r^
fc:S Mack &Co 13 Fremont street. Levl. H. &Co : 117 Market rtreet. . ,„„...„ ", r pfi ?v -- Abrum3on. Heunisch &Co 10 Main street. -
S^S i Redington &Co Second and Stevenson O'Brien * Sportono California Market. • Palace Hotel • Market & Yew Mcfnt" Harder P.... ' " " ' "C 7 Market street. - ' °S^i
fcrg I Caloric Vita Oil Co 1333 Buchanan street. Roth. Blum &Co : . 201 California street. Palace Hotel Market* streets Hornleln & Krumb Cafe Royal. ' 3_2 ,
: r»DV rnnnc Mil iimpv FTC Sherwood & Sherwood 212 Market street. . -' Wll«in'« ninini, P»rlnr in Post «t reel If > er> A" ' ' c - 1 Market street. "> 1 o<^
S^S i DRY GOODS, MILLINERY, tTC. Sussman, Wcrsmer &Co 405 Market street. J iwion 4Cn 7Market Btr^t Naber. Alfs & Bruner- .....523 Market street. o^_3
S=£ ! Bauer, Moses 547 Market street. Tlllmann & Bendel 327 Batter) street. J. I etersen &Co  M « CD 7 Market street. \\ etrnore Bowen &Co 14 Montgomery st. , o(^
,7 >o Carson Glove Co 35 Market street. Whitney &Co 110 Davis street. LUMBER. . wolf. William &Co 327 Market street. °{*X
J£:P Heineman, H. M 109 Sansome street. Scott & Gilbert....... 300 Davis street. Belllnghnm Bay Improvement Company 22 Market street. WIRE AND WIRE ROPES • H^»
ZZ>° Hlnz Ac Landt M 3 Market street. Ward & Story Packing Co Sixth and Berry sts. Doe Charles F. &Co 6 Sacramento street D/aHl ._ t^a qr, A ▼▼"**- RV»fE.o. • H^3
»")° Moore. W. W 211 Pine street. GUNS AMMUNITION FTC Gualala Mill Co. ™ 31 Steuart strict Roebl Ings, John A.. Sons C 0.... 25 Fremont street. c*^
rZ)°: Nonotuck Silk Co 535 Market street. ciab^oueh mmm * mr n AMMUNII lUN, tit. t -^« Harmon " II lumber Co .!: " « Market str- - 1 " ashburn-Moen Manufacturing Co 8 Pine street. : 3^
rj? Toplitz. F * C 0.... 571 Market street. Shreve Gen \v ''' "" S Marked SSSrt KiSSTctarta I .^"^.^f^.V.lllV.V^^V.V.lV.:.: 6 California street. MISCELLANEOUS. '
fc:S FLOUR AND CEREALS. HARDWARE, STOVES and MINING IMPLEMENTS. OPTICIANS AND JEWELERS. Alexander Tost Co «l Market street. M
~-)o Deming-Palmer Milling Co 114 Sacramento street. Alllv N - pCo The 1 Fremont stw! Hirsoh & Kaiser 7 Kearny street. ' Anglo-American Crockery and Glass Co 108 Pine street. " ! 3""^
Laumeister. C. S 203 Mission street. Baker & Hamilton PlneT nidi ir.^tm Shreve &Co Crocker building. - Barling. H. J. 3 Steuart street. ! 5-^g
E^ SilSa :S2: ; S^fßo§;J: Si^Sef paints, oils, etc. Po^ o La^o::^::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::if --• .33
Eg I&^:::EEJ:EEEE:;EE^^ cS^aV4oVis :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: lo1 SsSsS ■ Ii 1 .:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::? i ! S. b::::::::::::::::::::::::::::^b ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::^ Sar£ H §3
S^° .el Monte Milling Co 107 California street. fare Justinian Co f'l Market Paraffine Paint Co 116 Battery street. Hatfleld G. A. &Co 3 Steuart street. °S
s=SI footwear. 4>^::::::::""::"::::::::::::;;:.::57 . .r^^; et - publishers, stationers, etc. 9^^S&J?S^EEEEEE^iff^SS^&^ j 33
Sri* 0 ! Kast &Co 740 Market street. gSre Infpleme"nt'co * 20? Market "tree 7' • American Lithograph Co 518 Clay street. Ickelhelmer Bros 20 Geary street. ' oT^
&| Kosenthal. Feder &Co s*l-5*3 Market street. ,Un .a^i^n HaydVn V-o..V.:.;;.V::.::: i: A»c I „,.,.:. ; ........................ .^ g^ome street. MiHer^ Lux •i-^;;:;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;-;;;; «f 2^
s^>o : ; FURS. flKb? Geo \V S^iSSU.nnV'i toma Blake, Moffltt & Towne 512 Sacramento street. Oliver. T. H 6 Sacramento street : 3rS
SrE Kelly & Liebes „ 120 Kearny street. " ■«'o;::::::::::::::..v.":::::::t.N7; ; . Trltl'. "SSS Fto. -^-^r n Tt rr r cct street - pSSncoSart^SyHin-ci n^sTnV^ 64 . . ?3
Liebes. H. &Co 135 Post street. Holbrook Merrill & st^n Market Beale .t.. !■ ; j,L c ; ( ; uni s9 & ■^ichiiiv/.iiv.iv.v.v;." sii Unsom^rtreet. Phela^jt^^. 00 :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::^^^ 3^
«^£ GENERAL OUTFITTERS. Koh" I Works.. ' "• Main & I <» ■■";''„„ Dempster Bros Bond street and Glen Rothschild & Ehrenpfort ..„. us Front stree?' . ?I3!
Eg A laSka Yukon Outnttln. Co Comm^U Hot^l MHller. B^*^^^^^ - 1 ,, yo __ M . H Cn^nic^^ding. %^£^^£^EEEE^\* iZ^JfTU i
S ; gp^&Sy C; ' ■■:::::::::":::::::::■":::::::« 3 ;co::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::^ r J"ne s V^t. ttS gff^E n S£t?S ?o^L !§3
J£To i 'j.~-,i __. _ ,, av ™'' ( „_ Pacific K..Uln»r Mills First * Mission «it». Schmidt Label and Lithographic Co 23 Main street. Williams. Dimond &Co 202 Market street $^S
o^->o I Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar Market street. Palace Hardware Co an Market street. Vniiand l>uhlish!ne Co Mills bull. liner • Pnrlflo rviast Jockey Club l sireei. X^S
«^-tof Northern Trading & Transportation Co 525 Market street. Payne's Bolt Works 121 Howard street. ollana I>ublishln S Co .„„.... ....^.^.^Mins fining. Pacific Coast Jockey Club „ ni .'- ■ £l 3
E| |£«^%f^::r.::::::::^ R ;S^work 8 ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::i\:,^^ ]1 r: r Goodyear Ru^ r c.. RIJBBER GOOD^ Market street. Alaska Trade Committee, Ferry Bldg, San Francisco, Cal §3
PURCHASE YOUR SUPPLIES AND GET YOUR OUTFITS IN SAN FRANCISCO. CALL ON US FOR FULL INFORMATION. RATES OF PASSAGE, ETC., CHEERFULLY FURNISHED* §3
°JLSL2.JLA3 5 fi 51C o SULJUUISLBJL2JLSLQ.SJIJLSLSLSL °JLBJLfi_R SIJLSLJLSLJIBJISISLSUIQJISLSISL&BJLQO 20Q pooooo o o^ocjq pojLJLJLftfiJLSL°JLftSL9JLa9 QOJLJLJ^ o*! 1^
FOOTE STILL
AFTER SHEEHAN
An Expert Appointed to
Examine His Ac
counts.
The Ex-Secretary Again Re
fuses to Surrender His
Bankbook.
A Threat of Appealing to the Courts
Does Not Affect Him In the
Least.
General John F. Sheehan, ex-secre
tary and treasurer of the Yosemit*
Valley Commission, returned from Sac
ramento yesterday and had a short but
very unpleasant Interview with Com
missioner Foote. Sheehan refuses to
surrender the bank book showing a
part of the accounts of the receipts
and disbursements of the commission
during the time he acted ar secretary
of the board on the ground that the
book is his own private property until
after the outstanding vouchers are pre
sented and paid at the bank. Commis
sioner Foote is equally determined to
get possession of the bank book and
declared yesterday that he would
swear out a warrant to recover it if
Sheehan continues to Ignore the de
mands made on him for its production.
Messrs. Clinch, Givens and Foote, of
the commission, met yesterday morn-
Ing to take action in regard to the ex
perting of Sheehan's accounts. Shee
han, accompanied by his attorneys,
Messrs. Clunie and Bridgeford, attend
ed the meeting, but, acting under the
■ of his counsel, Sheehan had but
litile to say. lie stated, however, that
ca had been forwarded to everyone
Qg a claim against the commis
sion. "I am not indebted a cent to the
State of California or any one else,"
; Sheehan.
When did you put the money up?"
■ ' '• inmissioner Foote, rather an
grily.
.Shfcfhan's legal advisers motioned
him to remain silent and the question
was not answered.
"When are you going to surrender
the bank book to the commission?"
asked Foote.
Sheehan again, a.. ting under instruc
ts in. iit-<'!ined to answer.
"mi motion of Commissioner Foote It
wai then decided to call a special
Ing Cor ri.-xl Friday afternoon, and
Francis El Beck was appointed to ex
pert Sheehan's accounts in the mean
time.
Expert Beck called at the office of the
commission yesterday afternoon to
look over the books and accounts kept
by Ph^ehan.
"Where is the bank book showing the
receipts and disbursements?" asked
Beck.
"General Sheehan still retains It," re
plied Secretary Lermen.
"Then I cannot proceed with the
work." said Beck. "I must first know
what money has been placed in bank i
and how much drawn out."
Sheehan entered the office at that
Juncture and was informed by his suc
cessor that it would be necessary to
have the bank book to facilitate the
work of the expert.
"The book is my private property for
the present." replied Sheehan.
"I am getting tired of this tomfool
ery," exclaimed Foote, "and I advise
you that you had better surrender that
bank book."
"I am acting under the advice of my
attorneys," replied Sheehan.
"Well, if you don't surrender that
bank book so that the expert can look
over these accounts," said Foote. rather
sharply, "you will be sorry for it."
Foote then withdrew from the office,
leaving Sheehan, Secretary Lermen and
Expert Beck to discuss the situation.
Sheehan explained that he needed the
book until all the outstanding checks
had been paid. He said that he would
then willingly surrender it. Expert Beck
then had his say. He claimed that
until he knew how the bank account
stood, he would be unable to make a
report from the books.
After half an hour's discussion, the
expert started to leave the office, de
claring that the hank book was neces
sary to conduct the examination. "Un
til I have the book," said he, "I cannot
proceed."
Commissioner Foote entered the room
; Just as Beck was withdrawing.
"Everything satisfactorily arranged ?"
he inquired.
Secretary Lermen answered that
' nothing could be done until the book
was produced.
"I now make formal demand on you
for the bank book," exclaimed Foote
rather excitedly. "If you don't sur
render it. I will try the efficacy of a
warrant."
Sheehan started to explain his posi
tion, but Foote would not listen to him
and left the office.
There the matter stnnds.
Rheehan says he will not elvp up the
book until all the outstanding checks
are paid and Commissioner Foote is
: equally emphatic in declaring that the
j book will have to be forthcoming.
"The threat of Commissioner Foote
to swear out a warrant does not bother
me in the leapt." said Sheehan after
j leaving the office. "My accounts are
! perfectly straight, and knowine that,
threats do not disturb me. As I stated
at the meeting this morning. T do not
owe a cent to the State or to any one
; else. I am holdintr the bank book •'im
ply as a matter of self-protection. There
nre cher-ks outstanding and when they
are pnid I will clos" the account at the
| bank. I conducted the business of the
' office on the same lines as my preile-
I cespors. There is nothing in the law
setting forth how demands must be
; paid by the treasurer of the oommis
; sion. ITe can pay them by check,
I money order, or cash. That, is discre
1 tionary with him."
"How long do you think it will be be
fore all the outstanding checks are in?"
j was asked.
"That is a question I am unable to
j answer." replied Sheehan. "When Col
j onel Iri^h was treasurer and secretary
|of the commission, there were two
checks outstanding for over three
years. When the checks are cashed T
will close the account at the bank and
surrender them to the secretary to file
with other vouchers."
Italian Relief Committee.
The Italian relief committee of the local
Italian colony will give a grand concert
and ball to-morrow evening at Washing
ton-square Hall, corner of Stockton and
Union streets. The concert feature will
be particularly interesting, as several of
the leading artiste of the Italian Opera
Company which recently appeared at the
California and Baldwin theaters have
volunteered their services, and they will
appear In their strongest roles. A splen
did programme has been prepared-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAIiL, SO'DAT, JA2TUABT 23, 1898.
HIGH SCHOOLS
OF AMERICA
May Be Taken as Models
by English Author
ities.
Professor Brown of Berkeley
Speaks on Secondary
Education.
Ridicule for the Present Method
Teaching Beading in the
Public Schools.
Professor Elmer E. Brown of the de
partment of pedagogy of the Univer
sity of California gave the second ad
dress yesterday morning at Berkeley
In a series of "Studies on Secondary
Education." In his address he said:
One of the most important ques
tions arising from the vexed prob
lem of secondary education in
California is, should the high school
course for those intending to go into
universities be the same as for
those who Intend going no further
than the high schools? This is the
question which the committee of
ten set out to answer, but before
they made their reports they had
gone beyond this question to the
question. What is an ideal high
school course of study?
Germany provides three systems
of schools for the various classes
of pupils, the folks school, with
an eight-year course, the burg
school, with a ten-year course, and
■ university course of twelve years.
The courses of study in these three
systems are distinctive, and a
parallel in the studies is scarcely
approximated. There Is a senti
• ment, however,' in favor of estab
lishing a common lower ground
for all three systems. The Eng
lish system is not a uniform one.
English authorities have been
urged to adopt a secondary school
system patterned upon the Ameri- •
can high school. It seems Impossi
ble, on the other hand, to read our
own educational history without
discovering in It a constant and
growing tendency toward the unity
which the- English and German
schools lack.
An interesting criticism was piven by
Mr. T. L. Heaton on rending as at
present taught in tho public schools.
Among other things, Mr. Heaton said:
Reading is at present not well
taught in our schools. It is but a
dead level of monotony, and yet we
talk of the beauty of literature. Ki
ocution has of late fall* n. and just
ly, into disrepute. Bui why? He
cause it is done without under
standing. Elocutionists teach their
students Hamlet's soliloquy with a
series of acrobatic f-rformances
that would make Hamlet Turn in
his crave. It is good reading, not
elocution, that should be aimed at.
nnd every teacher should realize
the importance of voice training.
Teachers now require their pupils
to commit to memory, not pas
sages like the "Barefoot Boy," hut
"Portia's Address" an' 1 . "Hamlet's
Soliloquy." It Is "words, words,
words," as Hamlet said to Polon
ius, that are taught in our schools.
The meanings of the words and
their associations, and the circum
stances of the situation described
are left out of account. Except by
oral rendering, there can be no
true interpretation of, literature.
Professor Frown continued his his
torical review of secondary education,
ning with the early grammar
schools of the colonies. He said:
I the .T«-suits. much
as they Influenced education in Eu
ro- ... affected but little early edu
d In Mi s country. The "gram
mar" school, us mentioned In con
nection with oui itonial his
tory, whs nut. ;..- at present, the
; above the primary school.
"Latin grammar school." The
so-called "free school" was also a
secondary school and probably de
rived its name from the fact that
it w,:s "tret" fr..rn. or not connect
ed with a monastery.
The first "grammar" school we
know of in this country was the
one proposed for Virginia, which.
however, never was rullv estab
lished. The Boston Latin School,
which is generally regarded as the
patriarch of our secondary schools,
was founded in I6S. When three
or four years later Harvard Col
was established, the boys of
the Boston Latin School were fit
ted to enter the new university.
One of its most illustrious masters
was Kzekiel Cheever, who guard. d
the affairs of the school from 1678
to 170 S. The Boston Latin School
is now, of course, no longer an
old-time "grammar schorl," but a
modern high school with a strictly
classical curriculum.
Latin schools were established in
N'.-w York under Dutch rale. In
1661 the company provided funds
with which was established a
school which passed successfully
through various vicissitudes. In
I' 7 was established the first sec
ondary school in Pennsylvania, but
it had to be closed because the
master had no certificate from
the Bishop of London. fn !HS:» was
founded the famous William Perm
Charter School, which became the
gr.-at school of Philadelphia. South
Carolina established grammar
schools by law in 1710.
During revolutionary times "log
colleger' sprang up in the colonies,
modeled after the famous log col
lege, founded in l~y, \ iy tne R e v
William Pennant. Here wer. taught
the classics and the beginnings of
theology. and the graduates
which the Log College sent out
were zealous in establishing similar
schools In various localities.
In New England grammar schools
were origin. illy established in the
townships, but later the count v
became, as now. the unit of second
■ himti' n. The curricula of the
early New England grammar
schcx Is aimed to prepare, by clas
sical training, men for the higher
offices. Especial attention was paid
to candidates for the ministry. The
primary aim. however, of the
grammar schools, was to prepare
their students for the colleges. Ed
ucators then recognised no advan
tage of mlddie . duration uth-r than
preparation for college. Between
the two r gnlzed classes of min
i^t.rs and magistrates on the one
hand and the great mass on the
other, there was no clearly defined
or importnnt middle class. Our
modern democratic organisation
has destroyed the sharp lineswhich
then divided classes and Interme
diate, transitional types have he
eome Of the utmost import. This
change has been reflected in the
history of our educational institu
tions.
DOG-OWNERS INCENSED.
Coroplaint That the City Pound !s
a Source of Mange and
Distemper.
Considerable complaint has been made
of late that every dog that goes into the
City Pound fci Hampshire and Sixteenth
streets and does not suffer capital pun
ishment on account of the fact that It
has no cvner comes out with the mange
or the distemper.
The cause of this condition of affairs
Is given us the unsanitary condition in
which the pound is kept, diseased dog's
tfing placed, it la alleged, together with
the healthy one?, it matters not how val
uable the breed. It is stated that some
of the aggrieved, ones will afford some
relief to their Injured feelings by lodging
complaint against the Institution.
WILL FAVOR THE
BIG OMAHA FAIR
California Likely to Be at the
Trans-Mississippi Expo
sition.
Chamber of Commerce Will Take
Up the Proposition on
Wednesday.
There •will be an interesting meeting of
the trustees of the Chamber of Com
merce on next Wednesday at which the
matter of having California and San
Frani Iw 0 represented at the coming
Trans-Mississippi and International Ex
position at Omaha will be the chief topic
of discussion. As long ago as last No
vember the Chamber passed resolutions
favoring the exposition project and pledg
ing its support to help to its ability. Since
then nothing of importance has been done
in the matter. Recently several of those
who went East with the Alaska Trade
Committee's special car were interviewed
by the exposition officials and they have
come back much impressed with the de
sirability of having this city and State
make a display that will astonish the
world, as has been done at several of
the recent expositions in this country and
Europe.
The argument for making a special dis
play is that nearly all of the States in
tin- t'nion will be represented, and so far
California ■« ms to be the only one that
is holding back. The prospectus of the
exposition leads to the belief that it will
be as great an event as the World's
Fair held in Chicapo. Among the officers
art- some <'f the brightest men in the
United States, and the commission ap
pointed by the Government are all well
known. The people connected with the
exposition are very anxious to have the
exhibit at the Miners' Fair in this city
moved bodily to Omaha and set up there
as it will be here. They argue that the
local fair will be closed long before the
big exposition begins. The latter will
open <>n the first of June and last until
November. This, of course, will make it
necessary to store the local exhibit for
a fi \v months. Bvery Inducement in the
line of space and accommodation is of
fered.
That the Chamber of Commerce is
likely to takf the matter up. and favor
ably" there Is no doubt. There was to
have been a meeting of the trustees last
week, but the Installation of the new
officers caused some delay. When the
trustees meet on next Wednesday they
wlll be addressed by several of the gentle
men connected with the exposition. These
are G. W. Parsons, one of the vice-presi
dents and a resident of Los- Angeles. A.
G. McAuslands, commissioner, of 602 Mar
ket street of thts city: Colonel H. B.
Maxon. vice-president, of Reno. New :
John C. Wharlon. director, of Omaha,
and others. These gentlemen will urge
upon the Chamber to do all in its power
to have California and San Francisco
make one of the best displays at the big
fair. Tn this reonest it is likely that the
State Board of Trade will come in with
a strong second, as the board has al
ready declared In favor of the suggestion.
AN EXCITING BALL GAME.
The Will & Flocks Defeat the
Bushnell fllerts 4 to 3.
The smile that Mark Hanna wore when
he got in that fatal solar plexus on Me-
Klsson, in their little argument, which
they recently had In Ohio, was not In It
with the one that ruffled the countenance
of Captain Smith of the Will & Fincks
tfiim. when the game yesterday at Cen
tral Park was over. He had every rea
son to be happy. The Bushnell Alerts had
been putting up a stiff bluff from the
first inning, and the margins were in
their favor, but when it came to a call,
and that in the last half of the ninth.
Captain Smith loosened the ribbons on his
men and they flashed under the wire in ]
true Garrison style, winners by the score ,
of 4 to 3.
Only a small crowd saw the Jubilee
baseball carnival open, but those who
were there witnessed an exciting contest
with plenty of heart disease element in it.
The Alerts led with the stick and should
have won, but Shea <-ould not get the
kinks out of his usually effective wing,
and the seven bases on balls that he gave j
the Will & Fincks tells the story of why
it should not have happened. He only
allowed four hits off his delivery, but at
critical moments he was seized with an
aggravated case of the Willies, and Cap
tain Smith and his men made the most j
of these attacks. Fitzpatrick was hit I
safely nine times, but he kept them scat
tered, and when it came to a pinch there
were no reefs in his sails.
The Will & Fincks got one in the second
inning, and then in the fourth they let '
the Alerts mix them up a bit, and two
errors and as many hits netted the
Alerts their three runs.
Tn the sixth Captain Smith went at his
adversaries in no uncertain way. Scott
took first on Schmeer's muff of his short
fly and made the circuit on Stanley's
single. Fitzpatricks sacrifice and Hilde
brandt's liner to center. Smith and Mer
tes scored in the ninth by clever base
stealing combined with some effective
stick work. The detailed score is as
follows:
WIH * Fincks. AB. R. BH. SB. po. A. E.
| Mrrtes, 3b 1 1 « 1 > - n
I Knell. 2b 5 0 0 1111
! Mutler, 1. t 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
l Scott, c 4 1 0 0 fi 0 0
; Bliss, r. f 3 10 0 0 0 1
i Stanley, In 4 0 2 0 10 0 2
, Fltzpntrick, p 3 0 1 1 1 8 0
HlMpbrandt. c 3 0 1 1 0 0 0
Smith, s. s 3 10 13 3 0
Totals 29 4 4 S 26 14 4
Bußnell Alerts. AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
Van Haltivn. 1. f... 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
Brockhoff. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Hardie. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
i Ecnn. 2b 4 12 0 2 4 3
, Morkimon. c f 4 1 2 0 3 2 n
! Schmeer, s. s 4 0 2 14 11
i Croll. lb 4 1 1 0 14 0 0
Shea, p. 4 0 10 0 7 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 3 2 2 0
Totals S« 3 9 1 26 IS 4
Runs by innings:
123456789
Bushnell Alerts 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits 11030200 2—9
Will & Fincks 0 10 0 0 10 0 2—4
Base hits o l o o o 2 o i o— 4
Two-base hit — Mosklmon. Sacrifice hits —
Fltzpatrlek and Hardie. First base on ihwi
Will & Fincks 3. Bushnell Alerts 3. First base
on called balls— Will & Flnrks 7. I^ft on
bases— Will A Fincks 9. Bushnell Alerts 7.
Struck out— By Fitzpatrick 2. by Shea 1. Hit
by pitcher — Hildehrandt and Mertes>. Double
i plays— Fitzpatrick to Stanley; Mosklmon to
Esmn to Croll. Mosklmon to Croll. Time of
game — In. 30m. T'mplre^-James McDonald.
Hammond out. Interfered with fair-hit ball.
Winning run made with two men out.
BROKE THE WRONG LOCK-
The Head Steward of the Old Glory
Restaurar)t Charged With
Burglary.
The Old Glory restaurant, on Kearny
• between Pine and California streets, was
attached by creditors a few days ago and
■ the Sheriff placed his lock on the door.
Yesterday that official was made aware
thai all the cooking utensils and most of
: the furniture had been removed and
tsiken away by some one who had entered
the place by the rear. Lieutenant Esola
of the California-street Police Station was
notified and he detailed Officer J. D. Long
to rtcover the stolen property and to ar
| rest the thief. Officer Long found the
: property and placed the head steward of
i the restaurant — Edward Dean — under ar
! rest for burglary.
Cannot Get Justice.
C. T. Biddulph, who alleges that he Is
a captain In the Britl3h army, applied in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday for a
warrant for the arrest of the proprietor
of a restaurant on Turk street on the
charge of battery. The captain said he
had lunch in the restaurant and as he
was leaving the proprietor, without any
cause, knocked him down and sat upon
him. Ab he had no witnesses to the al
leged assault the warrant was refused,
and the captain left the courtroom com
plaining that he could not get justice
in "this Uawsted country."
HORSES MUST BE
BETTER TREATED
Closely Shorn Animals to Be
Blanketed on Rainy
Days.
Crusade to This End Will Be Inau
gurated by the Various Local
Societies.
The next rainy day may be cold as far
as the atmosphere is concerned, but It
; will doubtless prove exceedingly warm
I those careless ilrivers of horseflesh
: who have been practicing the habit of
| leaving animals with hair closely clipped
. out In the rain. If the Society for the
; Prevention of Cruelty to Animals cuts
: any figure in the matter, it will be one
of those cases where there is no God in
I Israel fur the careless driver.
H is a fact to be deprecated that thia
; practice has been in vo ?u , for a lons
, toe. in truth, no one can remember
■wnen it was not a common sight for
; pedestrians to view horses tied to the
curbs on a cold, rainy day -horses that
had lately had their hair dipped l short!
and yet were left to stand shivering with
f n r O om Ct Vh c e rin efem W enVs eVOr * I>ri ' U «' t them
But the society has decided that this
must cease. Accordingly, Secretary Hol
brook has lately had several conferences
. with the proper authorities, and been
I told to go ahead, that he wouid have all
| the support necessary in coses where ar
reeta were nwdc Kelvins on this assur
ance, he will do all he can to stop the
practice.
The fact that arrests would be made
by the wholesale if necessary has beta
kept very quiet, as it was thought that
it would have a better effect on tne
others if an example were made of a few
of the worst offenders before the atten
tion of the public became attracted to
: what was going on.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met on Friday
afternoon when Janus KarU-y. hoseman
of Engine 33, whs fined ton days" pay
for neglect of duty in being absent from
the headquarters of his company all
night. J. H. Hogan was promoted from
hoseman to foreman of Engine 6. and
James Layden from assistant foreman to
foreman of Engine 23. Harry Tricou was
appointed hoseman of Engine 5: F. Mc-
Enhill of Engine 10, and Rafe Oppenheim
truckman of Truck 2. The board, on the
recommendation of the chief, adopted a
new insignia of rank for officers and uni
formed members of the department.
NEW TO-DAY.
To THE Editor": I have an absolute C i£?e for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So -positive am I of its oowcr to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours, ?
T. A. SLOCUM. M.C., 183 Pearl St.. New York
Whouw" •--..,- "" ■ ' " .««•«•— t.-\
IB I MM I and the Yukon
XKA COLD FIELOS
yllAi By O. HJ. COX
"■*■* r,.»r.i14.«»!t»« rr..l Olyk of S .t}
14 HANDSOME FULL PAGE ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE
COUNTRY- 76 PAGES OF READING MATTER, LATEST
CORRECT INFORMATION FROM ALL SOURCES,
BEAUTIFUL ILLUMINATED COVER— LATEST COR- 1
RECT MAP. VAN ABSOLUTELY PERFECT GUIDE.'
C A TTC WORTH HUNDREDS ; OF i DOLLARS TO
lAv 1 J ONE WHO IS GOING— SO CENTS.)
AddraM WHEELER PUB. CO., 128 Kearay St., B. T.
3132
SUNDAY JANUARY 23, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATIOIV OFFICti Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strae
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by malt. $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE RJftfts House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street. «orner Clay;
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Moyes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 65 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock-
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock, 1505 Polk street
cpen until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
orjd Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— To-morrow Evening. " The Girl From Paris."
California— "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar-- "A Man's Love' and "Forbidden Fruit"
Morosco's— "The Blue and the Gray."
Tivoll— "Brian Born."
Orpheum— Vaudeville,
Bush— The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Olympla, Eddy and Jlason sts.— Kuehner's Ladles' Orchestra.
The Chutes— Ghlquita and Vanderllla
Lybeok Cycle Skating Rinfc— Optical Illusions.
Courslnp— lnrlenldo Coursing Park, this afternoon.
California Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaeton & Eldridjre— Monday. January 24, Turkish Rug's,
at 72t Batter street, at '- and I r m.
By ShainwaM. Buckbee A; Co.— Tuesday, January 25, Real Es-
tate, at 21s Montgomery street, m 12 o'clock.
(\ NEEDED EXAMPLE.
DOUBTLESS there will be many expressions of
sympathy on account 01 the two boys sen
tenced by Judge Wallace to the penitentiary,
and more than likely there will be petitions asking for
clemency. Yet the boys do not deserve any sympathy.
In all probability it would be wasted upon them and
to other boys, who arc not in jail, it would be ex
tended in a harmfully negative sense.
It is true that provision for segregation of profes
sional criminals ought to be made, and a natural sup
position is that a lad of tender years will not merit
classification with these even if he has fallen into
error The boys under consideration seem to be
different. They deliberately committed highway rob
bery, and that it did not include murder was merely
because their arms did not possess the strength to
deal a fatal blow. It is pitiful that they must be
put among men old in sin and hardened beyond pos
sibility of reform. In the ordinary course of events
they will emerge as tough as any old offender in the
lot. They embarked on the current of evil and there
is no method by which they may tacfc.
Melancholy as the fate of the boys is, there could
be nothing but mistaken mercy in sending them io
a reformatory institution. There they would at once
assume the position of heroes and corrupt others who
row have a chance to reach manhood prepared to
uprightly meet the responsibilities it will bring. It
is wiser to safeguard the many than expose them to
contamination in the vain hope that the source of the
contamination will become purified. The hoodlu'n
element of San Francisco \\as in need of a lesson.
Thr lesson has been given. It was a severe one.
Ye*, to let it stand as the Judge decreed it seems the
only fitting course.
(\ COLLEGE OF COMMERCE.
RESOLUTIONS directing the establishment of
a college of commerce at the State University
and authorizing the president to nominate a
professor to take charge of the work were submitted
at the recent meeting of the regents and supported by
a strong report on the subject from the committee
to which the matter had been referred. Ko action
was taken at the time, but the expediency of founding
such a college is now fairly before the regents as a
question of practical policy, and is therefore an issue
of public interest.
It is no longer necessary to argue the advisability
of technical education as a general principle. It is
everywhere recognized that if we are to have a high
standard of industrial development we must have
schools and colleges where young men can receive
instruction in the sciences that underlie modern in
dustries and in the arts by which they are carried on.
The only question, outside the financial one, involved
in the present case is whether a technical commer
cial education is as necessary to California in the
present condition of her development as technical
education in mining or agriculture.
The affirmative argument on the question is well
presented in the report accompanying the resolutions
submitted to the regents. It is virtually made up of
two points; first, the benefits which such colleges
have conferred upon communities where they have
been established and operated for any length of time,
and, second, the increasing importance to California
of finding some means for extending the market for
her surplus products.
It is in Germany that the advantages of colleges of
commerce are most strikingly shown. The extra
ordinary expansion of German commerce and indus
try of recent years has been one of the marvels of the
time. The causes of the expansion have been closely
investigated by the British, whose markets are being
invaded by the Germans, and the reports of the in
vestigators are to the effect that German success in
commerce is due almost wholly to the excellent
technical training given in her commercial schools
and colleges.
The lesson taught by Germany has been learned in
other lands, and at the present time both France and
Great Britain are imitating her wise example. We
also will have to follow it if we hope to hold our own
in the markets of the world. Although but a small
portion of our resources have been developed, we al
ready produce of many articles much more than we
can consume at home. We must extend the market
for such products or the industries which produce
them will languish.
Commercial expansion is in fact one of the press
ing needs of the State. It is as important as mining
or agriculture. The time is rapidly approaching when
the prosperity of all our great industries will be de
pendent upon the commercial enterprises that find
a market for their products. It will be wise, there
fore, to begin at once the commercial training of
those who are to carry on that important part of the
activities of the commonwealth.
If the truth has been told about the method of
slaughtering calves as practiced in Marin County, the
guilty butchers deserve to be sent to jail for life.
A TROUBLED BOODLER.
IF the Mission street Boodler has not already an
"advertising" contract with the Los Angeles
Water Company it is perfectly plain that it hopes
to get one in the near future. Ever since the expo
sure of the water conspiracy and the syndicated press
of the southern city the Boodler has manifested an
uneasy grasp upon public affairs. It is apparent
either that it is embarrassed in the execution of some
agreement by which its true character may again be
disclosed to the public, or it is worrying over the
presence of Colonel Mazuma at Los Angeles with its
brsiness end 500 miles away.
In its local columns it is giving the water monop
oly and the syndicated press all the aid and comfort
it can. For instance, yesterday morning it pub
lished an epitome of the Los Angeles Herald's
charges against Major H. W. Patton, The Call's cor
respondent, and broadly intimated that they were
true. That this dispatch originated in the offices of
the syndicated papers is unquestionable. That the
Boodler hopes to get paid for it in some way is fairly
inferable from its tone. Throughout it breathes sym
pathy for the water conspirators and the syndicated
press and hostility for The Call and the champions of
the people of Los Angeles.
Our readers will recall that the Boodler's "adver
tising" contract with the Southern Pacific was for
editorial silence. If it has a similar contract with the
Los Angeles Water Company it has observed its
covenants, for the Boodler has nerer said a word
editorially about the plans of that corporation. But.
it will be remembered, there came a time when the
Boodler could no longer keep quiet regarding South
ern Pacific affairs. Then it repudiated its contract
and sacrificed the $8000 still due for its thirty months
of silence. If the Boodler has an "advertising" con
tract with the Los Angeles Water Company evi
dently it does not think an opportune moment for
getting an increase of subsidy has arrived. Thus far
it has stood in on the monopoly side of the fight and
maintained editorially a masterly silence. If it has
no contract it may think the meager aid and com
fort it is rendering and the silence it is maintaining
will induce the monopoly to "advertise." Indeed it
is quite certain that unless the water manipulators
hire the Boodler to advocate their cause pretty soon
even Colonel Mazuma will desert them. The colonel
is not distinguished fnr his courage. Unless he is
supported he will not fight.
One thing, however, may be set down <is settled:
either the Boodler has a contract with the Los An
geles Water Company or is looking for one. In the
nature of things we shall know in a few days which
it is. The Boodler cannot long refrain from culti
vating so fruitful a boodle field as is now presented tS'
its view at the orange metropolis.
A WARNING TO KLONDIKERS,
THE Washington correspondent of the Philadel
phia Public Ledger st tes that it has been offi
cially made known to our Government that the
Canadian authorities desire to warn the public against
so-called transportation companies which are offer
ing, for sums ranging from $50 to $150, payable in
advance, to convey persons from the Eastern States
to Dawson City by Canadian routes and to provide
them with food en route.
It would be well if our Governme-nt could imitate
the Canadian authorities in warning the public
against similar schemes to swindle Alaskan adventur
ers out of their money and possibly endanger their
live*. All the promoters of fraudulent transportation
enter/irises to the Klondike do not advertise to take
their dupes through Canada. Some of them propose
to operate from American ports and to cross the sea
under the American flag.
The eagerness of inconsiderate persons to get to
the gold fields renders them easy dupes to the wiles
of the unscrupulous, and the latter hwe been prompt
to take advantage of the excited condition of the pub
lic mind. A host of schemes in which the discern
ing can easily recognize fraud are being put forth to
deceive the unwary. They are not unknown to San
Francisco, and they swarm in the boom cities of the
north.
One of the most dangerous forms of these unscru
pulous enterprises is that of preparing for the rough
voyage to St. Michael ships that are hardly fit to carry
coal along the coast. Old hulks, utterly unseaworthy,
are being patched and painted and made ready to go
to sea with hundreds of passengers. They will be
hardly more than death traps, and unless the Gov
ernment inspectors intervene to prevent, many a san
guine company of gold seekers will sail forth only to
perish amid the wastes of the ocean.
American officials have been notoriously careless
in the inspection of ocean-going ships. Many a
wreck has occurred because ships left port in a
condition unfit for long or stormy voyages. Some
have been overloaded, some badly equipped, some in
efficiently manned and some have been so worn out
and rotten that they should have been burned or torn
to pieces long before.
The rush to Alaska this year will afford a good
opportunity for Government inspectors to begin en
forcing more rigidly the laws for the protection of
sailors and ocean voyagers. The need of a close and
scrutinizing watch cannot be doubted by any one
who pays attention to the way affairs are going.
Small ports that are known to have barely ships
enough to handle their normal local trade are now
advertising whole fleets of vessels for the Alaskan
voyage. Not many ships in these swiftly created
fleets come fresh and strong from the shipyards.
Most of them have been hauled from the inner flats
of coast harbors where they were anchored years ago
as abandoned hulks unfit for further service.
Whatever is done elsewhere there should be strict
enforcement of the law in San Francisco. There will
be no justifiable excuse for permitting any unfit ships
to sail or steam from this port. San Francisco is not
like the small boom cities where shipping facilities
are scant. In this city there is a large mercantile
marine. There are many ship yards with a large
capacity for constructing new vessels. These have
been busy all winter. It is fair to assume that we will
have enough good, strong, stanch ships to meet the
demands for the traffic, and certainly we should not
allow any other kind to sail from the Golden Gate.
Mr. Cleveland will be surprised to learn that he
favored annexation. He had entertained an idea to
the contrary, but this was before Senator Morgan had
enlightened him. Even now. perhaps, the ex-Presi
dent — a man not without obstinancy — will refuse to
accept the Morgan view of it and will persist in
thinking that while he was doing all Tie could to de
feat annexation he was not doing it to demonstrate
how anxious he was to have the scheme succeed.
From the Populist organization there has been
sloughed a party to be known as the People's. Per
haps there has been no catastrophe more startling
since Joaquin Miller dropped an ear by the roadside.
Some of the Los Angeles papers seem to be hot.
They need to be put out
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
CALIFORNIA is the only State which cele
brates, with proper pomp and circumstance, its
admission into the Union. It may be truly said
to be the only State whose acquisition should be cele
brated by the Union. No other brought with it such
sumptuous natural resources, such enduring capacities,
such a soil and sky. The beginning of the develop
ment of all this, of the noblest uses of the soil and of
setting profit out of our enduring sunshine, was the
discovery of gold, fifty years ago.
That stirred men in all the old States and thrilled
them in far countries. It caused to turn toward Cali
fornia the most reputable and remarkable emigra
tion that ever sought any land. The real argonauts
were, it is true, a law unto themselves, but that was
a law of absolute justice and honor, and the force
behind it, as force must be behind all law, was the
clearest courage. The knights of the Crusades were
not as faultless as these modern men who met here
during the first few years after the discovery of gold.
The volume of romance, of adventure, of unswerv
ing honor, of fidelity and fellowship gained more
pages from the personal careers and achievements of
these men than it had accumulated from the begin
ning of human history.
What they wrought was of more consequence to
the world than all the campaigns since Alexander.
II they changed the course of human history it was
not by destroying, but by building up. The stream
of gold they set flowing through the world added to
its shelter and its food. The waters of that new Pac
tolus irrigated the enterprise of men in every country,
and there followed expansion of opportunity, in
crease in the wages of labor, more food and fire for
the poor and a better chance. After they had ex
ploited the placers and taken out their gold every
child in every civilized country was born to a better
inheritance, and men whose lives began long before
that day closed their eyes on a better world than
that upon which they had opened.
The men who toiled on the bars of California
streams added stars to the national flag. What they
did here broke virgin soil and brought fresh fields
into production; it dug canals and built long lines
of railway and shortened the time between the pro
ducer and his final market, adding to the profits of
his toil and giving its results more cheaply to the
consumer; it stirred every beating pulse and filled
every heart with better ambitions; it broadened liberal
culture and caused education to be more sought, for
it became a higher prize than before.
These men. who doubled the Horn or marched
across the isthmus in death-defying ranks, or took the
long trail overland beset by strange terrors of thirst
and famine and prowling savages, passed the' final
test of manliness, and when they rested from their
journey and began their labors they were better sea
soned in all the requirements of manhood and citi
zenship than the ten thousand Greeks who followed
Xenophon from Asia to the Aegean. It is well that
California puts out her garlands and to-day cele
brates the Golden Jubilee of her heroic age. No
other State nor nation has such an event to set among
its holfdays. and none can say as truthfully that what
she in that age did for herself she did also for the
world.
The Call hails the hosts that come to set the seal
of pride and approval upon an event that had no
companion in the annals of man to the day of its
happening, and that stands in solitary eminence in
the history of the world for the half century since.
THE RAILROAD COMMISSION.
IX their annual report to the Governor the Rail
road Commissioners declare that unless the Leg
islature can be induced to confer further power
upon them their offices may as well be abolished.
This act of official self-abnegation has but one paral
lel in the annals of the State. Many years ago an
officer known as the State Engineer reported to the
Governor that unless something could be found for
hin* to do it would be a Rood idea to abolish his
office. He had no idea that any one would take him
seriously. He thought the Legislature would rustle
around and provide him with work. To the amaze
ment of every one, however, the Solons, without ever
inquiring whether the office of State Engineer was
necessary or not, passed an act abolishing it. This
case of official harakiri stands alone in our history.
The Railroad Commissioners complain that they
are tied up in the Federal courts: that the Legislature
will not provide them with sufficient money to carry
on their business; that they possess no power to com
pel railroads even to make reports to them; that
there is no penalty for non-compliance with their
orders with reference to switches, turnouts and sta
tion houses, and that, consequently, the railroads treat
them with contempt in all such matters: that in short
the commission has fallen into a condition of official
paralysis which renders it practically useless, and the
members cannot perceive the object, as at present
organized, of its further existence.
While it is gratifying to know that the gentlemen
row holding the offices of Railroad Commissioners
are sufficiently frank to acknowledge their inability to
render any service for their salaries, what they say is
not in any sense news. For years it has been appar
ent that the commission could do nothing toward
regulating railroad rates of transportation in this
State. The truth is, the body is organized on a wrong
principle. The powers conferred on It are legisla
tive, executive and judicial. It frames laws, expounds
and executes them. This jurisdictional mixture, being
illogical, never works anywhere, and it is no wonder
that at last the Railroad Commission has succumbed
to the confusion which always results from mingling
such antagonistic powers.
It is doubtful, however, whether the commission
should be altogether abolished. That it ought to be
remodeled, though, is quite certain. Experience has
demonstrated that regulating railroad rates by sched
ule is impracticable. Besides being expensive and
intricate, it enables the roads to constantly question
its legality. Passenger and freight schedules are the
growth of years, not the work of days or weeks.
What should be done with the Railroad Commission
is to convert it into a court for the trial of railroad
grievances. Its decisions might be made appealable
and enforcible after affirmation like those of any
other court. Thus, by legal process, jurisdiction
might be conferred to decide whether a particular
Height or passenger rate is juss or not. whether a
particular town has a sufficient number of switches,
whether trains are run on time, whether roadbeds
nrc kept in order — in short, whether the corporations
obey the laws and respect the rights of the people.
Furthet thin this, under the decisions of the Fed
eral courts the States in reflating railroads cannot
ro. The Interstate Commerce Commission is or
ganized on the correct principle. The decisions of
that body already form a respectable volume of rail
road law. Eventually that commission is certain to
become the source o: a lot of railroad rules by which
passengers and shippers may ascertain their rights
with reference to aln.osi any subject of dispute.
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Charles Niemetz voluntarily places on
record a protest because some writer
has termed an angel "she." He claims
that angels belong to the other sex, and
seems to have pome ground for the as
sertion, yet it Is nothing to be proud of,
even If true. Angels have done some
errands which had they been winged
ladies they would have declined to un
dertake. It whs an angel who Is cred
ited with having kicked up a row for
which he was tossed out of heaven, re
ceiving a considerable fall. Gallantry
compels an admission that the plot was
in conception and general character en
tirely masculine. The angel who took
a flaming sword and drove a misguided
pair from a pleasant garden could not
have been anything but a male, else the
sword would have been quenched in the
tears of the penitents and the angel
would have flown back to headquarters
to Intercede for new orders. I confess
to a preference for the female angel
Idea, and would be glad to think that
the ethereal beings supposed to hover
in space and shield mortals under the
shadow of their pinions were as unlike
myself and the rest of my kind as pos
sible. In the particular case at issue,
however, a compromise might easily be
struck by calling the angel "it." This
angel Is carved out pf stone, anyhow.
• • •
While the Market-street lines con
tinue to run fenderless "cars the only
protection for the public lies in an
ability to dodge. It is true that this
places the aged, infirm and cripples at
a disadvantage, but perhaps Hunting
ton's Juggernauts would rather run
down people who could not be quoted
in the courts at full rates. The satis
faction of suing is a poor one at best.
Any man would rather have a leg than
the cash price of one. Almost any wo
man would rather have her husband
than his value as expressed in dollars.
As a citizen who has done his full share
of sprinting to evade being sent to
kingdom come by the fenderless foe of
human life, I have come to a determi
nation not to bother with legal pro
cess if any of my family fall victims
to Vining's homicidal tendency. it is
not seemly to make open threat and
so details may be omitted, but there are
circumstances under which a knowing
Insurance company would regard Vin
ing as a mighty poor risk.
• * •
There might have been some utility
in discussing capital punishment had
the Rev. Davis refrained from pro
jecting himself into the debate. While
some of us regard the law as a good
one, and feel an impulse to defend it.
we do not wish to do so at the risk of
heightening the glare of publicity in
which the Rev. Davis poses and in
dulges in words. Rather than this, let
the law take its chances.
• • •
There is one creature concerning the
production of whom I am disposed to
quarrel with evolution. This is the
youth of 20 or thereabouts who gets
married without parental sanction,
usually having to perjure himself as a
preliminary, and soon deserts his wife
on the plea that he, poor thing, was
o'er young to wed. If a more con
temptible organism ever partly devel
oped from a state of monkeyhood it has
managed to avoid the public eye. There
have recently been two cases of this
brand of idiotic viciousness brought to
liKht in San Francisco. Save for a re
spectful sympathy for the girls in
volved I would give the names, and
suggest earnestly that any real man
finding the fellows within reach of his
foot kick them straightway so far that
they will alight within reach of the
foot of somebody in the next county.
• • •
Ignatius Donnelly is in many respects
an admirable old man. He cherishes
certain innocent delusions in respect to
authorship, but beyond smiling at these
there is no reason for giving them the
slightest attention. The gentleman who
wrought to extract sunbeams from cu
cumbers was not more harmless than
Donnelly. At the worst he did no more
than spoil a few specimens of colicky
vegetation which but for his efforts
might have been made Into pickles and
laid waste the human anatomy. By
writing mere foolishness Donnelly may
be keeping himself out of real mischief.
Certainly he has his lucid intervals, for
he ha 3 fallen in love with a pretty
girl, accomplished on the typewriter.
As to her lucid intervals there might
be, did not delicacy forbid, some show
for discussion. For all of me Donnelly
is welcome to have just as much fun
out of his patent cryptogram as he can
find there. If ha should attempt to
demonstrate that Bacon wrote Mother
Goose's melodies, Aesop's Fables and
the Book of Job he could probably
make out a case so strong that no
scholar would ever think seriously of
attempting to controvert his conclu
sions.
• • •
Moved by a personal grief and de
siring to perpetuate the names of
those dear to her, a lady proposes to
erect an elaborate arch over an en
trance to the park. This arch is to
be In memory of her husband and
son and so engraved that its purpose
shall be plain to the beholder. I do
not question the motives of the lady
nor doubt that she is as gracious as
generous, but with the utmost re
spect I do question her taste. An in
dividual grief never looks well on dis
play. It is a thing in which the pub
lic takes no permanent interest and
which should be guarded as sacred.
To erect the arch and leave it unin
scrlbed would be an act of far greater
delicacy. The cemetery is the place
where mortuary records may be pre
served. In the city of the dead it is
appropriate to carve upon marble the
names the silent bore and perhaps the
deeds they did. When a man has
lived as a private citizen, his work of
no wide moment, his worth known
only to those who loved him, he does
not. by the inevitable process of
death, win the right to be thrust upon
the notice of the world in general, and
the callous throng as it passes will
not even pause to ask who he was.
It is one of the delusions of sorrow
that its crape casts a shadow across
the universe, whereas elsewhere the
sun is shining and people do not care.
So v. park entrance does not seem to
me to be a spot in which to rear a
tombstone. Such a stone would be
an anomaly there.
• • •
Readers of the dally papers have no
doubt been puzzled by the attention paid
recently to the maunderings of Cassius
M. Clay, a relic of the times when to
be able to use a bowle knife with skill,
By HENRY JAMES.
and assiduous In the search for provo
cation to carve an acquaintance was
the sign of a gentleman. Whatever
Clay may have been, there is no doubt
that at present he is a doddering and
senile old nuisance. If he still keeps
in stock one of the knives with which
he cut his way to fame he could do
nothing more popular than to fall upon
it. I do not see why the world should
care whether Clay can keep his child
wife at home or whether she chooses
to roam her native wilds with another
more her equal in years and ignorance.
And when her loving brother takes a
reformatory shot at her I am prone to
commend the peculiar form his af
fection assumes. But he would do bet
ter to let the girl go and use his rifle
to pick off a fool correspondent or two.
• • •
I have been greatly pained to observe
the kick-up in local society. It shows
the people who move there to be hu
man. Prom inspection of a few sample
Green ways I had formed a fond hope
that they were not.
• • •
It is without so much as a start of
surprise I notice that Arthur McEwen
has deserted the Bryan standard. Mc-
Ewen's strong point is the facility with
which he can tear himself vociferously
from friends, the friends bearing up
well, for at the worst they know that
he will come tearing back again. The
gentleman is able when he takes the
trouble, but fickle as the queen of the
Amazonian march. Only a few short
moons ago he could not say things
m^an enough to express his distaste for
Hearst, who above all men had been
considerate of him. He despised Hearst,
and yellow journalism sent him into
spasms of great length which he re
duced to print. Then he went to work
for Hearst and became a part of the
yellowest sheet ever openly published.
His encounter with Bierce will be re
membered. It was with notable pleas
ure that the public watched these two
eccentric writers nailing the hides Of
each other to the door. Which hide
was the more thoroughly tanned was
never exactly determined, and really is
not a serious matter. The interest
arose from the fact that the McEwen
pen had scarce been dry from drip
ping honey words all <wer Bierce when
it was dipped into the vitriol and
jabbed at him with fervor and appar
ent glee. These truths may console
Bryan. He kept McEwen as a friend
long enough to have broken the record
and if he really desires, may be able
to woo him to his side once more.
• • •
A reporter is responsible for the
statement that a certain prisoner was
"small-booked." This leaves tne world
to wonder what happened to the pris
oner. Probably after being "small
booked" he was "celled" and the next
morning as likely as not "police-court
ed."
• * •
Somebody in the East has invented
a perfectly lovely plan of preserving
the dead. Instead of being laid in the
ground or reduced to ashes, bodies are
to be kept as if asleep, so that mourn
ers may come and gaze upon them,
thus keeping themselves alive to the
necessity of continuing to mourn. If
the plan has anything to commend it
the fact has yet to be mentioned. The
sooner the mortal frame is reduced to
its primary elements after the spirit
has fled the better. People who view
the preservation scheme with subdued
rapture do not pause to reflect that by
the time a body has succumbed to dis
ease it is not an object of beauty, and
has slight chance to be a Joy forever.
Then complications might arise. The
multiwidower would be embarrassed to
have his fourth gaze upon his three
lying in a row. She would be sure to
criticize the style of clothes worn by
her predecessors, for part of the per
fectly lovely plan is that the exhibits
shall be clad in the mode prevailing
at the time they go to pickle. Modes
change, and to keep abreaat of progress
it would be necessary to occasionally
change the drapery of the tomb. Of
course, this sounds like nonsense.
largely because it is nonsense, but is in
keeping with the entire proposition.
* • •
It is stated that in his anxiety to get
aboard the Peru the other night.
Arthur Berendt, by professions journal
ist and lawyer, had himself announced
as a doctor. There is still left to Mr. i
Berendt the joy of entering the mm- '
istry, after which he will, perhaps, feel ]
repaid for the trouble and expense of ''
having become an American citizen, an ■
ordeal he only consented to undergo !
after years of thoughtful consideration. |
The Rev. Anna Shaw seems to be about
the only rival in point of degrees whom
the journalist-Jawyer-doctor has reason
to fear. Miss Shaw is also a lecturer,
and Berendt would have to employ a '
shotgun to corral an audience and a
barb-wire trocha to keep it corraled.
* * *
Thus far I have generally avoided I
being personal in this department, ex- '■
cept as to public men, but not to men- |
tion "C. B. S." were a hardship beyond
endurance. I am at a loss as to the
identity of the individual behind these '
Initials, or whether they represent a j
man or woman. In either case the lv- !
minous intelligence for which they I
stand deserves to go down the ages by !
thunder. (This is not slang, thunder
merely being the medium). "C. B. S."
writes to the British Californian giving
a list of the local toilers in the news
paper field, who were born under the ■
English flag. To be born under the i
English flag is understood to be a dis
tinguished honor, and to speedily get
from under it must be an evidence of
superior judgment, else there would ;
be lacking the array of brains that j
makes some of the papers of San Fran- |
cisco shine until bewildered by their
own yellow dazzle. "C. B. S." mentions
quite a number who have by hard work
and native ability earned the regard of
their associates and employers. '! o
show that impartiality marks his (or j
her) opinion, a few words may be quot
ed concerning Tom Garrett. Mr. Gar- I
rett is praised as the kindliest and ]
most courteous of men. I am surprised '
and pleased to learn these things. Andy i
Lawrence must have been, too. It is >
an off night on Mission street when the !
Garrett roar is not rattling the shin
gles, but the students of human nature,
cowering over their copy in the outer I
room, have not been wont to ascribe I
the roar to courtliness, nor think the
falling plaster in token of a kindly
spirit. They will feel relieved now.
Then "C. B. S." goes on to tell of Gar
rett's happy, innocent face, serene and
smiling. I can imagine the modest and
retiring Garrett reading these pleasant
truths in the sanctity of his own den,
ankle-deep with the blood of decapitat
ed reporters, and blushing like the red,
red rose. "C. B. S." Is not merely a
bird among his (or her) variety, but an
eagle soaring above the crags.
• • •
I do not regard the Chinee as de
sirable citizens, even though to take
this view is to oppose the sentiments
of one of the most distinguished advo
cates of annexation. Still, so long as
the Chinese are here, they should net
be denied certain rights. Among these
rights are freedom from the attentions
of the hoodlum and in certain in-
I stances civility on the part of the
i police. I do not mean by this that the
1 police need to use gloved hands in
i snatching the highbinder nor send in
! their cards when occasion has arisen
1 for raiding a den. But there are Chin
ese who go about their own affairs, mo
'< lestlng no one, and police intelligence
fails of making any distinction. At
; certain times any of the pig-tailed
: tribe is likely to be stopped in the
! street and searched. The method is to
grab him and go through his clothes,
much as a footpad might do it. The
I searcher is apt to be a policeman not in
j uniform, and he does not go to the
' trouble of displaying a badge of author
ity. If the victim of his curiosity ven
ture to protest in a mildly surprised
and interrogative way the response is
; likely to be a slap across the mouth.
I submit that such treatment is not
decent, and if Americans abroad were
treated in a similar fashion we would
all howl protests until black in the fao^
and call upon the Government to send
guns. Of course this would not be
done, but the howl would vindicate a
principle dear to every American
heart.
* • •
One of my first recollections of San
Francisco is of a plaint that the City
and County Hospital was inadequate.
It was true then, and ever since, the
truth has been growing more shame
ful. I was struck with disgust and
horror on a visit to the place to find
the buildings a series of rickety barns
loosely strung on a dark and draughty
corridor. There has been no move
toward reform. People talk, officials
steal, patients suffer and so will it con
tinue. To my mind the only hope of
better conditions lies in the possibility
that the structure may burn. What
ever might spring up to succeed it could
not be worse and in the matter of smell
would doubtless be superior. If It be
fall that in course of years, earning
the fortune to which newspaper men
may reasonably aspire, I go to the
City and County Hospital for the pur
pose of dying, I expect the win Is of
heaven to flutter the ragged counter
pane at which my fingers pick .in<l the
trickle of rain through the self-venti
lating roof to bedew the scene. But
there will be one comfort. I will go
thence soothed and sustained by the
clamor of the populace as in the same
tone it has used for seven years now,
as I can swear, it demands that San
Francisco shall have a new hospital.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MAYOR OF TACOMA-M. M., City.
The Mayor of Taroma, Wash., is Edwau'
P. Orr. whose term of office will expire
on the 21st of next April.
COMPRESSED* AIR— M. J. W., Oak
land, Cal. Compressed air is used, in a
number of private establishments for the
purpose of driving engines of small
power, and it Is also used in pneumatic
tubes for the conveyance of small par
cels. • - . -. :.,.: ._ r
ELECTRICAL. MEDICATION— E. R.,
Oakland, Cal. The book you inquire
about does not appear in the American
catalogues. It probably haß been printed
by Borne one not in the line of regular
publications and has but a local circula
tion.
CONTRACT MARRIAGE— W. P. D..
City. When the contract was recognized
in this city and State neither party was
required to secure a license. They just
entered into a contract to become man
and wife, and signed a paper to that ef
fect, and that ended the affair.
LICK HOME— A. O. 8.. City. The Lick
Old Ladies' Home is on University street,
between Fultrtn and "Way-land, on the
University Mound Tract. It may be
reached by riding on the Howard-street
cars to Twenty-fourth and Potrero ave
nue rind there taking a transfer to the
cars that go to Qolden Gate Park.
ANVIL AND HAMMER— A. G., Pian
de Drida, Italy. There dees not appear to
be any record of when and by whom the
first anvil and first sledge hammer were
used, but from researches made by Pictet
it appears that stones were used as an
vils in the stone age and that the Orien
tal Africans, who were among the first
to use iron, used stone anvils for a long
time after they were working iron and
brass.
AFTER LONG DAYS.
After long days of love in loneliness,
I move among the ghosts of dead delight.
Here, where we kissed the good-by in dumb
distress.
Parted and passed Into the gathering night.
After long days the music of her feet
Comes floating down the old familiar ways;
Not all the flutes in Lytlia were so sweet,
Nor pipes In Arcady; after long days-
I see her starry eyes, and In her curls
The golden sea that beats about her brow,
I see the sunbeams sport like Nereus' girls.
I see the glad blood in her cheeks; and now
Her soft arms clasp me -with a stronp caresp.
Her soft Ups thrill me with one tenderest
kiss.
After long days of love In loneliness.
Who would not part awhile to meet like this?
—Pall Mall Gazette.
Cal. glace fruit 60c perlb at Townsend's.*
■' ■ ♦ ■
Special Information supplied dally to
• business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery et. Tel. Main 1042. •
-■i m m
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy st. •
.■ ♦ ■
Gulllet icecream. 905 Larkin. Tel. East 198.*
■ ♦ .
SENTENTIOUS.'
Some guns kick — revenge is one of them.
A poor, picture is ; not helped by being
put in a good light.
The man is usually in the right who
owns himself in. the wrong.
He who always complains of the. clouds
receives little, of life's sunshine and de
serves less. . >
■ The mind, like the lens, may be con
cave and scatter brain power or convex
and concentrate it.
1 When the X rays are so perfected as to
reveal man's thought there will be a rad
ical change in thinking.
Giving an inspiration to. another is like
filling a lamp with oil— some time the
light will brighten a dark corner. .
The man who denounces the existing
order 'of , things should speedily ; suggest
some means of improvement. Ram's
Horn. • • -.-- - .
NEW TO-DAY.
A Royal Baking
Powder hot bis=
cuit is the lux~
ury of eating.NEW TO-DAY.
TO CURE NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to Know
What Appetite and Good Digestion
Mean, Make a Test of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Interesting Experience of an Indianapolis
Gentleman.
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nerves
are to blame and are surprised that
they are not cured by nerve medicine
and spring remedies; the real seat of
the mischief is lost sight of; the stom-
ach is the organ to be looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the usual symptoms of
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspep-
sia shows itself not in the stomach so
much as in nearly (very other organ;
In some cases the heart palpitates and
is irregular; in others the kidneys are
affected; in others the bowels are con-
stipated, with headaches; still others
are troubled with loss of flesh and ap-
petite, with accumulation of gas, sour
risings and heartburn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect
street. Indianapolis, Ind., writes as fol- I
lows: "A motive of pure gratitude '
prompts m^ to write these few lines
regarding tho new and valuable medi-
cine, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I !
have been a sufferer from nervous dys-
pepsia for the last four years; have
used various patent medicines and oth-
er remedies without any favorable re-
sult. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicine
■wore oft I attributed this to my sed-
entary habits, being a bookkeeper with
little physical exercise, but I am glad
to state that the tablets have over-
come all these obstacles, for I have
gained in flesh, sleep better and am
better in every way. The above is writ-
ten not. for notoriety, but is based on
actual fact. Respectfully yours,
•A. W. SHARPER,
"fil Prospect street, Indianapolis. Ind."
It Is safe to say that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets will cure any stomach
■weakness or disease except cancer of
etomach. They cure sour stomach, gas,
loss of flesh and appetite, sleeplessness,
palpitation, heartburn, constipation
and headache.
Send for valuable little book on stom-
ach diseases by addressing Stuart Co.,
Marshal. Mich.
All druggists sell full-sized packages
at 50 cents.
_ii _ ii ;
|
| ENGINEER. SURVEYOR.
i JOHN W. GRAY.
MINING aM HYDRAULIC WORK.
Proa nee •-me' Operations and Ex-
ploration Wort Examinations.
! Surveys. Development and
Equipment of Mines. Gold Bear-
] Ing- Gravels and Water Supplies.
; 923 Linden St., Oakland. Cal.
—
Cable "Espra."
i ABC Code— 4th Ed.
t
ii - ii 1
THE TEST OF TIME.
The treatment of the Enelishond German I
Expert Specialists, 731 Market Street, for i
Chronic Diseases cures — not for a week, not
fora month, but for all time.
To demonstrate our superior method* we will
"CATARRH
&Z PER MONTH OC
VV MEDICINES FREE. VU
V7H CXJR,E3
Asthma, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Neuralgia, Heart
Disease, Dyspepsia, Eve Diseases, Skin Dis-
eases. Rheumatism. Malaria. Nervous Die-
eases, Kidney Diseases, Bladder Diseases. In-
somnia. Hysteria. Dysentery, ParalysU, Rick-
ets, Scrofula. Consumption, Liver Disease,
Disease of the Bowels, Sciatica. Tumors and
Deformities, Spinal Disease. Rupture, and all
Chronic and Private Diseases.
Send for FREE BOOK and Symptom Blank.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
(Incorporated for 8200,000),
Masters of Chronic Diseases,
731 MARKET STR/EEIT.
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, ML
Phone Orsen 601.
CONSULTATION ALWAYS FREE.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward. r'
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous
10 CENT TRIAL SIZE.
iCURES tf&rty&S. 1
lcov» x * c §**g\
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
inrioue drug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Pusacesj Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Kept ores the Sense*
of Tan- and Smell. I 8I 8 qnickly absorbed. Give*
H'Mief at once. 50 eU. at Dragzifits or by mall,
Trml Siz- 10 eta. at Druggist* or. by malL
F.LY ".""/'""'i. •■ W^-pn Street; New York
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£>QQ MARKET 6T.. OPP. PALACE
V»OO Hotel. Telephone 670. ' Resideoc* MM
.Valencia street. Telethon*. "Church" li.
PHOTOGRAPHED
THE ECLIPSE
Success of the Parties of
Astronomers in
India.
Shape of the Corona the Same .
as It Was in 1886
and 1896.
The Information Obtained Regarding
the Sun Will Be of Much Inter
est to Scientists.
Bpecla'. Dispatch to The Call.
TALNI, British India, between Am
raetl and NutiKhou. Jan. 22.— The ob
servation of the eclipse of the sun to
i day by E. W. Maunder and C. T. Waite
was most successful. The sky was per
fectly clear and the light during the
middle of the totality equaled a full
moon. The general shape of the sun co
rona was the same as the eclipses of
1886 and IS!*6. The corona extended
, over two diameters from the sun and
its greatest extent was along the sun's
equator.
Photographs were obtained on a
scale of 4-5 inch to the sun's diameter,
and also on the scale of 1-10 inch, to get
the coronal extensions. The spectrum
of the chronosphere and its promi
nences was successfully observed with
an opera glass fitted with a direct vis
ion prism in one of the eyepieces. The
three photographs of the corona were
obtained on a scale of 7-10 Inch to the
sun's diameter, and also on the scale
of l-io inch, flood spectrum photo
graphs were obtained.
The spectrum of the flash was ob
tained with a prismatic camera and a
six-inch telescope.
The Lick Observatory party, under
Professor Campbell, wire-s that the sky
is clear and that observations have
been successful. The light in the mid
dle of the totality was greater than the
full moon, and the general shape of
the corona was similar to the eclipses
of 1886 and IS9S. It extended to the
distances nearly two diameters from
the sun. The greatest extension was
along the line of the sun's equator.
BY RAIL TO THE
YUKON GOLD FIELDS
Surveys Being Made by the
Alaska and Northwestern
Company.
Boston Capitalists Awaiting the Con
sent of Congress to Becjin Build
ing to Fort Selkirk.
Colonel W. C Alberg^r of this city, -who
has recently returned from Alaska, wherp
he surveyed a route nv>r Chllkool Pass
for th«- Alaskan and Northern Railway
Company, is confident that the work of
construction will begin as soon as Con
gress grants the right of way.
"I left here last October," said Colonel
Alberptr last evening, "with a party of
twenty-five, fully equiiipt-d for the work
in view. We mapped out a route through
Chilkoot Pass for a distance of forty-five
milt-s, v,-hich brought us to the Canadian
line. From there wo went twenty-live
miles farther, and I returned home,
starting on Christmas day. I left my par
ty in the field and it will proceed with the
work to Fort St-lkirk, wtrich will be the
northern terminus of the road. The line
will be 300 miles long, which is the short
est route possible from tidewater to navi
gation on the Yukon.
"< >f course the most difficult part of the
route, from an engineering point of view,
is over the pa-ss. and although the *;■
are steep in places, I don't, think we will
have to tunnel anywhere. The worst
feature is the precipitous nature of the
pass. Great maswirn of granite jut out,
-Hating a vast amount of heavy
work in grading the roadbed, but the
route is entirely practicable. From the
point reached when I returned the coun
:ry is what may be called rolling and ad
mirably adapted to railroad construction.
The soil is good and there is? plenty of
gravel for ballasting to be obtained all
along the line.
"We will have to do considerable bridg
ing, but the longest bridge will not be
over 700 feet, including approaches. This
la over the Yukon at Port Selkirk, and it
will probably be necessary to put in a
draw to permit the passage or steamers,
as the river is navigable at that point.
Fortunately, however, there is plenty of
Umber at this end of the route, so wewill
not be handicapped in that respect. <>n
the slopes of the Chilkoot Mountains
there is a vast Quantity of white spruce,
the trees being of large y\z>-. Farther up
the trees are smaller, an ls-inch tr
ing of exceptional size in the Yukon coun
try. Finally the timber disappears alto
gether, and we expect to derive a good
revenue from hauling timber into the
mining district."
"How long will it take to complete the
road?" was asked.
"If it were anywhere in the United
States I could answer that question." re
plied Colonel Alberger, "but the condi
tions in that country are such that it is
impossible to Bay. In the first place we
cannot begin work until Congress grants
us tho right of way. I anticipate no
trouble on that score, though. We have
already filed our application and we ex
pect Congress will act upon it favorably
this session and we will begin operations
right away. We can do a largo amount
of work on this side of the pass during
the winter, but on the other Hide the
ground is frozen so hard tfyit we cannot
do much except in the summer. The
work will be pushed ahead, though, just
as rapidly as possible when once we be
gin."
"Can you give the names of those in
terested in the company?"
"No, I am not at liberty to do pn at
present. I will say. though, that they are
all Boston capitalists and there is no
question about there being sufficient
financial backing. I have spent consid
erable money for the company already,
and my demands have been promptly met
and I am certain they will be right along.
If we had the consent of Congress I could
spend $21)0.000 a month from now on.
building wharves and grading the road
bed U> the summit, and I think we will
be 'ible to begin work in a very short
time"
"It has been staled that the Rothschilds
have also run a survey through Chilkoot
Puss for a railroad; do you know any
thing about it?"
"I know they have not made any sur
veys yet through the pass. I met Mr.
Bratennober and party, who wero sent out
by the London Exploration Company, in
which the Rothschilds are interested, but
I am positive that no surveys wt re made
for at least fifteen miles from tide-water.
They, too, wou'.d have to obtain the con
sent of Congress before they could con
struct a road in Alaska, and it does not
seem likely that an English company
would be given preference over Ameri
cans."
Disinherited Her Son.
The last will of Catherine Wright was
filed for probate yesterday. An estate
valued at $4000, with the exception of $1,
Is bequeathed the testator's daughter-ln
law, Mrs. Charles Edward MaTian. Th?
$1 is given Charles Edward, and in the
will it Is stated that the testator cut him
off with this small amount on account of
his intemperance and neglect of his
family.
THE SAX FKAXCTSCO CAIX, SFN'DAT, JAXTAET 23, 1898.
A COAL FAMINE
AND GOLD CRAZE
Arrival of Colliers From
the North Brings Some
Relief.
The Steamer Humboldt to Join \
the Klondike Fleet This
Week.
A Gasoline Launch Caught Fire in
Mission Bay and Had to
Be Scuttled.
All the vessels chartered for the Klon
dike trade are b^ing put Into shape
as rapidly as possible. The bark Theo
bald was brought down from Martinez
yesterday, and after a few minor re
pairs have been made here she will
start for the Sound. The steam
schooner National City will be ready
to sail February 10, and the following
passengers are already booked by her:
E. Richards, X, Roberts, Gus Unger
mann. D. Fredericks, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Samreither, William Klos, A. M. Mun
zt-nmayer, A. Hahnemann, Miss Son
tag, Miss Koch, George Wolfert, Aug
ust Wrede, J'>hn Nelson, Ous Nelson,
Bridget Faltner, C. T. Smith, E. T.
Knight, A. Hofmayer, C. Ripke, H.
Rossler, John Shore, J. L. Harkinson,
H. McNulty Beede, George Klos. Selina
Nelson, Victor Clisson, Miss and W. M.
Williams.
The collier Progreso arrived from the
the Sound yesterday, and the work of
getting her ready for the St. Michael
trade will begin as soon as her cargo
of coal is discharged. Her charter
price is reported to be $75,000.
The demand for vessels for the
Klondike trade has been so great that
many boats have been drawn out of
the sugar trade, leaving the Hawaiian
lines short. Tho barkentine Sharp
shooter has therefore been brought out
of retirement and will sail in a few
days for Kahulili to load sugar for
this poit.
The steamer San Jose, that was
withdrawn from the Central American
trade to bring down coal to relieve
the scarcity at the Southern Pacific
Company's bunkers, has gone back
into her old trade again. She sailed
yesterday for San Jose de (Guatemala
and Acapulco with freight only.
The bark Wilna was besieged again
yesterday with the retail dealers, who
want < oal. Some of the wagons re
mained around the bunkers all night
in order to get an early load in the
morning. The shortage will be over
come for a short time, as the Progreso
got In yesterday with 27W tons and
the Willamette from Seattle and Bris
tol from Departure Bay. the "Wash
tenaw from Tacnma. Burma fmm
Nanaimo (B. C). and Cazrina and Em
pin' from Coos Bay will all be in and
ready to begin discharging to-morrow
morning.
The Brlti«h ship Lord Shaftesbury.
now out seventy-two days from Syd
ney, N. S. YV\. for this port, has been
chartered to load at either Taroma or
Portland. When she arrives off The
Golden Gate the pilots will instruct the
captain to proceed on up north.
There is to be more opposition to the
W-^^MiK W^^^M. Mf / \^>^ k " scientific discovery
''^^^^JmiiM ~~$M \>i > *<=r^S*L^' i M that has been used by the doctors
ill WW 1^ "^d^r^ ?^3ki) qS[ * he *~' uc ' son Medical Institute for many years. No
"mlimlli I z^^^\w^-^^ ' ' one e ' se can su PP'y Hudyan. No one else knows
Imwf^^JSSw ' " *" Ijm^^j the secret process. Hudyan is not a cheap patent medicine;
1 V^^^lr^v Im^^ "'* ' s a t rea mer| anc i* is a treatment that perfects the imperfec-
' -^3§|sC^-J yk^*-^ J ons of man. Hudyan cures ringing in the ears, noises in the
k. --*<Pfc ifmriffT head, prematurity, atrophy and those special disorders peculiar
to mankind. Hudyan cures the curious weaknesses known as tired feelings. Hudyan cures
nervous debility, stunted growth, palpitation, shortness of breath, dyspepsia, constipation.
Hudyan cures pains in the back, pains in the side, pains in the chest, pains in the loins. Hudyan
cures dizziness, falling sensations, headaches, nervousness. Hudyan cures nervous debility,
nervous twitchings, \ nervous pulsations, nervous declines, nervous morbidness. If you are
really in doubt about the curing properties of the Hudyan treatment call and consult the doctors.
Consult them FREE. It will cost you no money to have a private talk with the chief of the staff
of Hudson doctors. If you can't call WRITE FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
FIRST, SECONDARY, TERTIARY These three forms of Blood Poison or
' FmST, SECONDARY: ttrßary Tainted Blood can certainly be cured. The :^ :
FIRST, SECONDARY, TERTIARY cure for these three forms of blood poison
FmST: SECONDARY", TERNARY is called the GREAT 30-DAY CURE, be-
cause it arrests the poison in 30 days and certain cures in from 30 to 60 days. You should
consult the specialist on blood poison or write for 30-DAY " BLOOD BOOK."
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
JUNCTION ELLIS, STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
transfer business on the water front.
A company composed of influential i
men has been Incorporated, and in a
few weeks the concern will be in full
swing. The company's offices will be
on Market street, near Third, and when
business begins it will have eight
teams to start with. Trunks are to be
moved for 25 cents each, and on all
other kinds of hasrgafire the rates are ,
to be greatly reduced. The prospect :
for .a rate war among the transfer men !
is very bright.
Charles Cheeseman, the steward of
the British ship Pyrenees, who was '
beaten by the mate and boatswain of
the vessel, was not hurt as badly as i
was at first thought. His nose and
one rib were fractured, and his ear.
face and scalp were cut. but there wore
no internal injuries. He was removed
to the German Hospital yesterday.
The ni?n who were arrested for as
saulting him say that he drew a knife
and attempted to slash them, and that
it was not until he made that move
that they struck him.
Captain Plum, who went as mate of
thr> tug Isabel when she was ordered
to Panama, returned on the Mail com
pany's steamer Colon yesterday. He
says the tug behaved splendidly and
that she made good time on the run
down the coast.
Thore was some excitement at the
launching of the Japanese cruiser Chi
tcse yesterday. The gasoline launch
Al Borak caught fire and had to he
scuttled in order to extinguish the
fames. Water was thrown on the
h]-.7.r- in largo qnantities. but it only
seemed to add fuel to the flames.
i Finally a hole was knocked In th«- bot
! torn of the craft and she sank in shal
low water. Tlit hull has been dam
aged so much that it will proh;ihiy be
cheaper to build a new boat than at
tempt to patch up the old one.
The steamer Humboldt will not go
bark into the Eurc-ka trade for some
time to come. Some parties have an
option on the vessel, which will expire
to-morrow. If they fail to rome to
time Max Kalish & Co., agents for the
Humboldt, will run her to Dyea them
selves. Mr. Kalish is very angry over
the fact that certain parties have been
| taking $20 deposits from miners for
transportation to Dyea and Skaguay
on the Humbciidt. At pros^nt the only
people who have any right to sell tick
ets for the Humboldt are the agents.
ADAMS WflS VICTORIOUS.
H,e Defeats Percy Murdocf). fHa-
meda's Champior), ir) an Excit-
ing Teonis Match.
The pperinliy arranged tennis match
between Dick Adams of the California
Club and Percy Murdoch, champion of
the Belle Vue Plub. was played yesterday
at the California courts before a large
gathering of enthusiasts, Adams winning
by a score of &— l. 10—8, &— lO, 6—4.
From the time play began to the finish
of the match the players were greeted
with applause. Brilliant smashes and
long rallies were plentiful, and the crowd
had an excellent chance to show its ap
proval. Adams played a careful game,
caring more to r.-turn the ball to his
opponent, this style of play eventually
winning him ttv- contest. Murdoch
showed himself to be a clever player, but
was handicapped hy unfamiMarity with
the court. After th* match Murdoch com
plained of sore feet, not being used to
playing on bitumen, and asked for a re
turn game on a clay court. Adams agreed
to this, and the jyime will likely be
played in Alameda next Saturday.
owing to the illness of Hob Whitney,
his brother <;*»<->rg" acted us partner to
Genrgo Bradshaw In their prearranged
match with Walter Mage* and 8. San
born. After ■ spirited exhibition, the
former team succeeded in capturing both
sets. Score, 6— 3, 6—4.6 — 4.
Charley Haight made his first appear
ance on the court yesterday after an
absence of many years. He played a few
games with Joe I 'ally. >laight and
("'haries Hubbard held th<- championship
in doubles in 1893. It Is paid he will be
come a member "f th«» California Club
and will try to gut back to ht» old-time
form.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
A. Colly, a
mining man of
Sonora, who
haa come down
to the city from
that part of the
country to take
charge of the Tv-
:
RICH STRIKE \
IN SONORA. ;
olumne float In the parade to-morrow,
tarings word of another big strike In the
Falrview mininp: claim, an extension of
the Bonanza, that is expected to pan out
larger than the famous strike of last
September, when $37,000 was taken out of
one pocket holding- only two tons of pay
dirt. The present pocket has not yet been
worked, but T2OOO has already been cleaned
up from the merely preliminary Investi
pations that have been made. The pres
ent find was made on the 100-foot level
and was the result of the initial work on
a crosscut that it was decided to make.
W. F. Burbank. a capitalist of Los
Angeles, is registered at the California.
C. J. Byxter, one of the best known
of Fresno"s prominent men, is at the
Baldwin.
F. R. Mowrer. the marshal of the United
States Consular Court at Yokohama, is a
guest at the Grand.
George Russell, cattleman, banker and
capitalist of Nevada, is staying at the
Lick.
W. H. Workman. ex-Mayor and lead
ing politician of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
B. I". Steinmnn, one-time Mayor of
Sacramento, has come down with his
family to witness the Golden Jubilee.
They are at the Palac«.
I. S. Harvey, of the Wellington Coal
Company of Victoria, B. C, Is at the Oc
cidental.
H. B. Stabler, a large fruit grower of
Tuba oity. will be at the Lick for the
next few days.
C. George Krogness, the Chicago mana
ger of the World-Herald of Omaha, Is in
the city on a short visit; he has taken
rooms at the Palace.
Friday evening
a party consist-
Ing of two young
ladies who reside
on Van Ness ave
nue and their es-
THEY HAD
THE
ADVENTURE.
corts decided to
♦»«»».«»«»»»»» ma ke a trip
through Chinatown and see for themselves
how the almond-eyed stranger from the
Orient ushered in his new year. They ex
pected to meet with some adventure out
of the ordinary, and they did, ifarowwith
a guide and a subsequent trip to the police
station may be considered as things not
to be expected in the ordinary round of a
conventional existence. The party pro
ceeded up Sacramento street and were
trying to understand the difference be
tween a joss and a Josh, when they were
approached by a smooth-looking Celes
tial, who emerged from out of the smoke
of burning punks and firecrackers, and
after acquainting them with the fact that
ho was about the finest thing in guides
that the city possessed offered to show
them the sights under his experienced
chaperonage for the modest sum of $1. The
tourists jumped at so good a bargain and
the whole outfit started along together.
They had a fine time up to the hour of
settlement, and then the trouble com
menced. The only pieces of money in the
pockets of the escorts were a bogus dol
lar and a good half. They tried to pass
the counterfeit on the innocent-lookinsr
'guide, but he demanded a good coin and
refused to take anything less than the
stipulated price for his services. The men
of the party not having the price were
unable to comply with the demand, so
niti >t withstanding beauty's tears and
valor's threats the hard-hearted Mongo
lian had the whole party marched off to
the station. Thi-rn the men of the party
explained the matter, and as there was
evidently no attempt to pass the bad
money, and as the whole matter evident
ly arose from the Ignorance of the w6rth
lesanees of the coin they had attempted
to pay the guide with, the gallant Ber
geant on watch, moved at the sight of so
much lovelineea In distress, produced the
necessary half that the escorts lacked
and the Chinaman was paid and went on
his way in a happier frame of mind than
did his late guests when they left the
station a little while after.
W. Wehnet, a well-known vineyardlst of
Evergreen, is at the California.
F. M. Chittenden. a leading attorney
of Fresno, and his brother, L. S. Chit
tenden. one of the foremost lawyers of
Hanford. can be found at the Grand dur
ing" Jubilee week.
John Holliday. a globe trotter whose
home is in London, is in the city on his
way around the world. He is registered
at the Occidental.
J. H. Henry, president of the San Jose
and Santa Clara Railway Company, has
come to the city with his family and
taken rooms at the Palace, fronting on
Market street, in order to witness the
Jubilee parade. Mr. Henry was the
director general of the San Jose Carnival
of Roses, one of the most successful af
fairs of the kind ever held in the State.
Dr. J. W. Ashley, a popular physician
of Oroville, is among the visitors to the
city's fete who are registered at the Bald
win.
L. T. Garnsey, president of the Redon
do Beach Railroad, has come up from
his home in Los Angeles and is staying
at the California.
W. A. Duncan, a wealthy mining man
of Oroville. is at the LicK.
George R. James, one of the leading
men of Memphis, Term., is at the Palace
with his wife.
George A. Metcalf , a leader in the social
and business world of Boston, is in the
city on a visit of pleasure to the coast
accompanied by his family. He is stay
ing at the Occidental.
■With the crowd
of visitors pour
ing into the city
to witness the
Golden Jubilee
celebration are
coming a number
USED HIM
FOR A MOP.
*••••••••••••• o f those easy
living individuals who travel through the
world collecting as they go whatever they
can lay their hands on. When they are
successful in escaping detection they gen
erally managv to fare pretty well, but
they occasionally run up against a snag,
and when they do they coma out at the
small end of the affair that ensues— at
least, they do when the snag happens to
be Martin Noon, the husky porter of the
Lick House. Noon knows about as much
of the rules of the manly art of self-de
fense as a Chinaman does of the Bible;
but his muscles are large and hard, his
sinews taut and stringy and his fist like unto
the hand of Providence in size; so when he
starts to mix things it takes more than a
good man to hold his own, irrespective
of the knowledge that the stranger may
possess. Yesterday Noon saw a tall
stranger making off with a silk-lined
overcoat belonging to W. Richardson, a
lumberman of Truckee, who is a guest at
the hotel. He told the fellow to put down
the coat and get out. The thief looked
down from his superior height to the
comparatively small man who addressed
him and gave an impertinent reply. The
next minute Noon had him by the scruff
of the neck, and after literally wiping
up the floor with him deposited him on
the sidewalk outside, a wiser and more
ragged man than when he came in.
A. Muller, the popular representative of
the Winchester Repeating Arms Company
on the Pacific Coast, has taken rooms at
the Occidental for himself and family.
Dr. B. B. Corey, a well-known physician
of FreenO. is in the city to take in the
celebration of next week. He is at the
Grand.
Edward Fisher, the Vacavllle banker. Is
at the Lick with his wife.
George Malnhart. mining man of Grass
Valley, and L. T. Bruner, a large manu
facturer of Sacramento, will both be at
the Grand during the festivities of the
next few days.
Summit Hecht, the young brother of
Bert Hecht, the well-known shoe manu
facturer, is in Boston, where he is rap
idly making a name for himself as a
writer of popular songs. He has given
several very good things to the public
thus far and, if the opinion of those
versed in such matters goes for anything,
his efTorts in the past are merely the
earnest of greater successes in the future.
One of his latest hits, 'The Daughter of
the Leader of the Band," Is at present
being sung out here by the "Courted Into
Court" Company.
ANGELIA SCOTT'S
WILL CONTESTED
Her Husband Claims He "Was
Deprived of a Rightful Share
of Her Estate.
Accuses Relatives of Having Unduly
Influenced, the Testator
Against Him.
E. "W. Scott, surviving husband erf the
late Angelia R. Scott, has filed a contest
to the last will of the deceased. The
contestant alleges that his wife was
unduly influenced by her sister, Mrs.
Louisa Garcia, Mrs. Helen Gerrish, her
niece, C. M. Gerrish and her nephew,
Frank Garcia, Jr. Mrs. Louisa Garcia,
Helen Gerrish and Frank Garcia, Jr.,
Mr. Scott avers, were frequently with
his wife, and knowing that she was of
unsound mind they took advantage of
her condition and led her to believe
that the contestant was constantly vio
lating his marriage vows. Scott also
alleges that by false statements they
led his wife to believe that he was try
ing to poison her, and with others was
conspiring to put her in an insane asy
lum. In this way, the contestant says,
they succeeded in getting his wife to
draw up a will that deprived him of
a just and lawful share of ftie dece
dents-estate.
In order to make his wife believe that
their charges were made in good faith,
Mr. Scott continues, Mrs. Garcia, Miss
Gerrlsh and Frank Garcia, Jr., retained
detectives to shadow him and they fre
quently visited Mrs. Scott at her home,
1743 Franklin street. They were un
successful in their attempts, however,
to dig up something against his repu
tation, but succeeded in so "Influencing
Mrs. Scott's mind that she neglected
to bequeath the contestant his rightful
share of the estate. In consequence
the court 1b asked to deny the will ad
mittance to probate.
WILLS FILED FOR PROBATE
Several Small Estates Disposed
Of by Testament.
The will of Rufus H. Clement was filed
for probate yesterday. The widow of the
testator. Carrie E. Clement, 1b bequeathed
the testator's entire estate which Is val
ued at $1000. Kate McCorvllle's last will
was filed for probate, and by its terms an
estate valued at $4100 is bequeathed to
her throe sor.s. The will of Eugene P.
Herne. disposing of a $5000 estate, was
filed for probate. The entire property is
left the testator's children. The will of
James McCarthy, bequeathing a $2400 es
tate to his brother Patrick McCarthy, re
siding at Sinp Sing. N. T., was the last
testament filed for probate.
Mrs. Rissland Denied a Writ.
The application of Mrs. Mary Rissland,
charged with bigamy, for a writ of
habeas corpus was denied by Judge Cook
yesterday morning, and the prisoner waa
remanded to the custody of the Sheriff.
3334
NEW TO-DAY.
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
H— H— ■— ■— ■ ■ ■ B . ...
i^yyThoi#it j
// \ (r MM f fl A "NTT")
\fjjtg Action.?
a Some people think without acting, others act 1
. without thinking j one thinking of success with- X
, out action, the other expecting it without think- H
H ing, Thought inspires action ] action is thought H
a put to work ; and these combined forces make man m
a a success, So with the great STEEL AND MAL- H
H LEABLE IRON RANGE MAJESTIC, The forces of .
i thought and action have placed it "before the world ,
B and made it the greatest success of the age. MA- B
a JESTIC GAS RANGES represent the same values, ;
i and all users recommend them. '
j \a/holes/\i~e AND RETAIL. j
I MAJESTIC M'F'G. CO., SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH, I
+ 1321 MARKET STREET, T
™ • Opposite St. Nicholas Hotel. B
■ ■■■■■■■■■'■■■■■■■■■■■■■
*
<S>3>3><S><S><s><3><§><£s>-s><s> <»<»> <3><3><3><$ > <S><s><s'<s><s><3><S><3>s><3>4><B><§><S><S><S><3><3><S>'3>4>
: ALASKA GOLD FIELDS •
♦1| , A
! 11l KOTZEBUE
♦-.. |[ || I
I SOUND! |
♦ NORTHWEST COAST OF ALASKA. I
<?> Latest Dispatch from Eotzebue Sound, Per U. S. Steamer Bear, Says :
I "NUGGETS AS LARGE AS HICKORY NUTS!" |
4> " <8>
<$> Natives last year brought down quantities of nuggets to
♦ trade. Gold was found along the shores of the stream
emptying into Kotzebue Sound. Captain Wagner of the
' schooner Premier testifies to receiving a nugget weighing <j>
<£. 1 7-8 ounces from the natives of Kotzebue Sound. <$>
* Two prospectors have just arrived at Portland with <8>
♦ $30,000 in gold taken at Kotzebue Sound. Shortness of ®
® provisions forced them to come out.
<s> ■ — <t>
j Al Clipper Bark ALASKA
I B. CO6AN, Commanding, ig&SPgS :
: WILL SAIL FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND AnrilQCth 1000 ♦
■ GOLD FIELDS ON OR ABOUT M|i 1 1 1 Zjllli lOuOi t
% Passage $200, Including 3000 lbs. Baggage. %
« ■
4> Full information and particulars of the NEW, RICH GOLD *
FIELDS at office. Every care taken for comfort of pas-
sengers during and after the trip. $50 now will secure «>
<» passage, balance payable on or before April 1, 1898. Refer, <»»
♦ by permission, to TALLANT BANKING CO. of San Francisco. •
<?> «8>
<?> ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO <S>
5 CAPTAIN B. COCAN, :
I OB TO BES.DENCE, 44 BAST STREET, t
J 531 Thirty-Second St., Oakland. San francisco. t
I " THE I
' THE I
Holbrooke!
1 The Leading Hotel I
I of Nevada County, I
| Grass Valley, Cal. I
i I
1 HEADQUARTERS FOR!
I COMMERCIAL I
| TRAVELERS. I
© ELECTRIC LIGHTS, ©
CALL BELLS and|
Every ®
CZnt-i v/onlcnc-e.
® /Vlodern Hotel. ©
I AMERICAN PLAN. I
I c. hisakerl
Modern Hotel. ®
AMERICAN PLAN, i
— i
C. HDNSAKER
© PROPRIETOR. @
® ; '. ■/ ':%! ■ ; -••" 0
®^iX«)©©®©®®©©©©©©C©©®®SXs©©©©
RPTTQWI7C FOn BARBERS, BAK
DilUOnijO trs ' bootblacks, bath-
houses, blUlard-tablea,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners.
dyen, flourmilla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
. BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers,6o9 Sacramento St.
Ow'w-w'w'w'w'w'w'w'w-w'w'w'w'w'w'w'
DODOOOODOOOOOOOOOv
0000000 0 0000000000
000 0 00
www # <% ££
iii THOMAS iii
««« lllUiTliiJ a«B
000 000
000 rKILE °°°
000 a mwv^ 000
» » » AND ' 000
» » » 0 00
000 rTsvr 000
000 SUN •'-■•'■'■■
000 uUll* 000
000 7 000
000 000
ao o MINING ENGINEERS 000
ZZZ AND goo
ggg METALLURGISTS, 000
Z.Z.Z: 000
°oo oo
111 »»»
«»« 524 - HI
w Of www
111 Sacramento St. «»«
000 BAN FRANCISCO, CAL. I »««
««« --- ■-"'-'' " w
www I 000
« « I*C . WWW
www tt n »a»
« « « • www
000 °°°
w 000
000 " 111
000 000
000 000
»»» -. MINING PROPERTIES 000
000 000
»».» EXAMINED 000
ooS AND DETAILED BEPOKS-hho
000 AND MAPS MADE. *%%
000 000
000 - •*&+» 000
000 000
»» «■« ■ ASSAYS, ANALYSES and WORKiIQ ■ » « »
000 TESTS OF ORE BY ALL "' £««
2£2 • PROCESSES. ■«»'»
000 ■ " 000
a CC - ■ 000
000000000000000000
000000000000000000
000000000000000000
THE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL, srXDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
HAY NOW AS
GOOD AS COLD
Dealers Predict a Famine
if the Dry Weather
Continues.
Corn and Barley Bringing High
Prices and the Market
Advancing.
Heavy Frosts Responsible for a Short
Crop of Grass — Prices in
Dawson.
"While the scarcity of coal is creating i
a belief that it will not be long until \
the famine stage is reached, the livery '
stable men are exercised over the fact I
that there is now almost a famine in !
hay and other feed for animals, prices j
being now higher than they have for
years, and rapidly on the increase.
'•You take my word for it," said a I
prominent dealer yesterday, "we are
going to have one of the greatest fam
in.s in horse feed this country has ever
experienced if the weather does not
take a. decided change soon."
Choice hay is now quoted at $17 50 a
ton and oat hay at $16. Corn that used ;
to be burned for fuel in the East is
DOW bringing in the region of $20. The !
latest quotation here was $22 a ton.
Barley is quoted at $21 and $21 a ton,
according to quality.
The market is rapidly advancing in
everything, and it is expected that if
the dry weather continues it will not
be any great length of time ere hay
will be hard to get at $25 a ton. There |
is a greater demand now for dry food '
on account of the fact that frosts
have been prevalent throughout the
State, and accordingly the grass In all ;
sections is very short.
According to another dealer recent
advices show that hay is now selling
in Dawson City at the rate of $400 a
ton.
The whole cause of the trouble Is the
dry weather. If it should rain for a
week the prospects would soon be good.
If it should not. men with much live
stock on hand will have their pockets
drained pretty thoroughly.
THEY ALL HIT
THE BULLSEYE
But the Target This Time Was
the Festive Banquet
Board.
The Annual Spread of the Cermanla
Sehuetzen Club, With Election
of Officers.
The annual banquet and election of offi
cers of the Germania Sehuetzen Club
were held at California Hall Friday night.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers and a goodly number of invited
guests, all of whom enjoyed the occasion
to the utmost.
The delights of the feast were preceded
by the election of officers for the ensu
ing year, which resulted as follows:
N. Ahrens, president; Edward Gertx,
president; L. Hltltrir. secretary; !■'.
B. Schuster, treasurer; Captain L. Slebe.
A Hubcr and L. Ritzau. trustees; D.
and H. Huber. shooting musters.
Amid great enthusiasm the list of prize
winners in the shooting contests of the
club fur 1N37, as published in ysterday's
edition of The Call, was announced as
follows:
Champion class— First prize, $15, F. B.
Schuster; second. $10, D. B. FaJttor.
First class— First prize, $13, H. Hell
burg; second. $10. J. Young.
nd class— Not filled on account of
insufficient scores.
Third class— Only prize. $15. F. C. Rust.
Fourth class— Only prize, US, William
Hork< :i.
<>l"-n competition shoot, ring target-
First prize. $.V 3, I). 15. Faktor: second,
$2"i. J. UtschigN third, $15, F. Schust. r;
fourth. $lv. N. Ahr< ns.
Competition shoot, bullseye target-
First pr:z»-, |60, F. P. Schuster; second,
$25, D. B. Faktor: third, $15, C. Thier
bach; fourth. $M. H. Huber.
Tiv- banquet was s most enjoyable af
fair, and th<- happy speeches <>f
Secretary Haake, who acted as toast
master; President Ahrenß and other of-
Bcera ;>nd members added no little to the
pleasure of the occasion.
ONE OF THE OLD GUfiRD.
Keunior) of the /members of Com
pany M. F' r st Infantry, Mus
tered Out.
The members of the old IT Company,
First Infantry, held their annual reunion
last Friday evening in the rooms of the
Veteran Corps, Pioneer building:, Captain
E. G. Eisner presiding. The captain
stated that since the previous meeting ho
had sold additional of the property of the
company, and later in the evening the
amount realized would be distributed to
the members.
Almost every member of the old com
pany was present and during the even
ing thfre was a general talk of old times
und of the military and social meceflMß
of the urbanization. The hope was ex
pressed thai th>' member* might at som<»
tim<- la the future be again in the serv«
Ice and under the old officers.
Thd money that was distributed was
the third dividend from the sale of com
pany property since it went out of ex
fatence, and the money has been dividf<l
among the men according to the length
of service in the company. Some have re
ceived as high as $60.
During the evening Colonel H. P. Bush,
wh'> was < i.nnected with the company as
captain and treasurer for a quarter of a
century, \sas. by the members, presented
a handsome watch guard and slide, and
Captain Kisncr, who was In command at
NEW TO-DAY.
SALT
RHEUM
Most torturing and disfiguring of Itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in-
stantly relieved by a warm bath with Crri-
ccba Soap, a singlo application of Ccticcka
(ointment), the creat skin cure, and a full dose
of Ctrrici Resolvent; greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails
(uticura
I« (old ibroafhnnt th» world. Pnrrm I)«ro a»t> C ntM .
Ccr.i ., i r0,.,.. Bo.ioa. -Ho. to (( U r« S»lt Ehma. frw.
FALLING HIS^ShTcJSSITC^
the time the company went out. was pre
sented with a coatly match box.
A vote of thanks was passed to Lieu
tenat-Colonel P. L,. Bush for his efforts
In tno interest of the members of the
company since the mustering out. He
was formerly a sergeant in the company
and was always popular with the men.
He received his ttrst Instructions from
that veteran of the guard. Sergeant P. K.
MO! FOR THE KLONDIKE.
Get Supplies First and Gold Comes
Easy.
Thousands will go to the Klondike
and other Alaskan mines within the
next few weeks. The steamers are
crowded with gold-seekers already, and
the attention given by the prospectors
to their outfitting is a good sign of
their determination to win fortune in
the icy north. But much may bo saved
the miner in comfort and health by
buying his equipment at the store car
rying the largest and most complete
stock of the kind in the country.
At Raphael's, on Kearny street, an
entire floor is filled with all that the
Alaska miner needs. Everything is
shown plainly, and no pains are spared
to help the purchaser select just what
will best suit him. Clothing for the
cold and warm weather ia displayed;
furs of all grades and woolens at low
prices. All seasons and conditions are
provided for. Sleeping robes and bags
that defy the cold, thick blankets and
damp-proof boots are shown with mos
quito nets and lighter apparel for sum
mer.
Food of the proper kind Is sold by
Raphael at wholesale prices. Groceries
and edible supplies that experience
has proved the only sort for Alaskan
living are to be bought cheaply by
those who outfit at the popular estab
lishment. An interesting exhibit is
made of both wearing and strength
supporting necessities, and a visit will
well repay any one.
PIONEER AND MINER.
Sketch of the Successful Career
of Isaac L. Requa.
Chief among the men who have aided
materially in the development of the
great mining resources of California
none is more conspicuously prominent
than Isaac 1,. Requa. This gentleman
has been identified with all the princi
pal mining companies in the State, and
on questions pertaining to this subject
he Is a recognized authority. Mr. Re
qua is a man of great force of charac
ter and a shrewd business man, quali
ties which have enabled him to amass
a very considerable fortune.
Mr. Requa is 66 years of age, but he
is as active as many men of 30. He
arrived in San PranciSCO in 1850, and
at once engaged in mining. He was at
various times superintendent of the
Union Mill and Mining Company of
Virginia City, Chollar, Potost, N'orcross
and Savage mines. He succeeded In
sinking a vertical shaft 3250 feet in the
Savage mine, which was in many re
spects a wonderful feat. He remained
in Virginia City until Ivs3. when he re
moved to his present home in Oakland.
At the present time, besides holding
large interests in many valuable min
ing properties, Mr. Requa is pr€-sident
Of the Central Pacific Railway and of
the Oakland Bank of Savings. He owns
one of the handsomest residences
across the bay and is known socially
as a most hospitable entertainer.
Among the builders of this great com
monwealth Mr. Requa holds a high
place.
Street Superlntendeot Ambrose.
Conspicuous among the native sons
who hold municipal offices in San
Francisco is William F. Ambrose, the
! efficient Street Superintendent. Never
in the history of that important de
partment of the city government have
its affairs been so judiciouslyand capa
bly managed as during Mr. Ambrose's
term. In the matter of street improve
i ments he has broken all previous rec
ords, and the magnificent results of his
efforts prove that the public confi
dence in him has not been misplaced.
Mr. Ambrose is a native of Santa
Rosa and SI years of age. He has re
j sided in this city since his second >-ar
and obtained his schooling here. After
■ graduating from the High School he
1 entered the contracting business, a
field in which he was eminently suc
1 cessful. He was elected as School Di
rector in ISM, and served two years
. with credit to himself and his constitu
ents. Ho was fleeted to the office he
now holds by a large plurality, and
during his incumbency has paid so
cial attentloi to the repairs of streets.
; He i 3 well known in fraternal circles,
and is a charter member of Columbia
Parlor, N. s. r,. W., and its ex-presi
dent. He is popular in all the circles
in which he moves.
Asthma anil Bronchitis euro Guarantee. Dr.
Gordlns Sanitarium. 514 Pino. nr. Kesray,BF.,osl.
—■♦ ■ "
St. David's Day Celebration.
At yesterday's meeting of the eom
mtttfo of arrangements it was announced
that tho Mayor, Hon. Jamose D. Phelan,
had consented to deliver the address at
tho forthcoming St. David's day cetoorm
tion. Prom Urn report! sutnnitted i>y the
various subcommittee! it is confidently
expected that this year's celebration,
whl< h will be held at Odd Fellows' H;ill
<>n Tuesday evening, March 1, will prove
tho m->st successful ever held on tms
coast, to whioh end the committee, under
the able guidance o. its chairman. Tal
icsin Evans, i> straining every effort.
Robert F- Bunker.
Among the patrons of the California
Market the name of Robert F. Bun
ker is as a household word. For many
years past Mr. Hunker has been en
gaged in business here, so that to-day
he is recognized as the leading stall
keeper in his line in the city. He
keeps an excellent stock, including the
celebrated Whittaker hams, bacon,
salt pork, smoked beef, tongues, pigs'
feet, lambs' tongues, tripe, sausages,
pickles, etc. An immense packing
house is maintained at 616 Brannan
street.
■ ♦ ■
Will Call a Producers" Convention.
A mass and delegate convention of pro
daoera will be held in the Chamber of
( ommerce on February 23 for the purpose
of appointing a committee to represent
the Interests of producers in all matters
pertaining to the free public market. In
the establishment of this market it Is
believed that many difficult questions will
aris.- and it is. therefore, requested that
representatives from all farmers clubs,
alliances, fruir exchanges, poultry asso
ciations, creameries and all other organi
zations of producers, to be in attendance
at this meeting.
The New Gold Fields.
In nnother column of the paper will
be found the notice of the expedition to
sail on April 25 to Kotzebue Sound.
Captain B. Copan of 44 East street will
command in rerson the Al clipper bark
Alaska. The reports of the country
from the native Indians and the United
States Government officials show that
the country is full of gold. Two pros
pectors have Just arrived from this
new district with $30,000 in nuggets.
Father YorKe to Lecture.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke will lecture at
Manpfl's Hall. Twenty-fourth and Fo!
som streets, on the evening of January
27. The subject Is "Indulgences." This is
the first district lecture under the aus
pices of the Catholic Truth Society. A
feature of the evening: will be a question
box. At the close of the lecture the
reverend gentleman will undertake to an
swer all questions found in the box.
ROMANCE OF
A BANK BOOK
Ex-Judge E. D. Sawyer
Buys Patrick Brady's
Hibernia Account.
The Purchase Makes Him a
Sharer of the Rich Con
cern's Millions.
Queer Revelations by Reason of a
Public Officer's Careless
Blunders.
Oscar T. Shuck, the well known au
thority on old estates, has just brought
a strange story to light in the case of
an old Hibernia Bank book which was
owned by Patrick T. Brady, one of the
original depositors and stockholders of
the bank.
"Lost bank books have often fur
nished the basis of a good deal of liti
gation," said Mr. Shuck yesterday,
"but this one is one of the strangest of
all cases that I have ever handled in
this city. A few weeks ago the bank
advertised for the heirs of the late
Patrick T. Brady, and I began to look
them up. I soon found that the same
estate had been administered on ten
years ago and that the bank book was
sold at public auction to the highest
bidder, who was ex- Judge E. D. Saw
yer of the old Fourth district. I
thought it was a strange thing that
the estate was opened up again, and I
began to investigate. The result was
that Judge Sawyer appeared in court
and defeated the proceedings.
"It came out in the course of the in
vestigations that the sale was request
ed by Public Administrator Pennie,
and Judge Sawyer bought the bank
book at par because he knew that the
owner had been one of the original
shareholders and that he or his assigns
would have a large amount of money
when the assets of the bank are finally
distributed. Thus there was a large
and valuable card up the Judge's
sleeve when he made the bid. A strange
it< t about the affair is that the case
should have been advertised after it
had already been settled."
It is called to mind by those who
have watched these qld estates that
there are one or two cases that rest
on a similar basis and in all of these
there will be a neat distribution some
day as a result of the accumulations
that have been made since the share
holders first became members of the
association.
FOWLS DOSED
WITH ARSENIC
Henry Kohn, a Grocer, Suffers
at the Hands of a
Poisoner.
No Trace of the Evil-Doer, Who Will
Bo Vigorously Prosecuted If
Detected.
The poison fiend is again at work.
Henry Kohn, a grocer engaged in busi
ness at 408 Folstrm street, has lately
lost several valuable chickens, turkeys,
and pigeons through their being fed
with wheat soaked in arsenic. No
trace of the guilty party or parties has
yet been discovered.
Kohn makes a kind of a fad of his
fowls and always takes the best care
possible of them. They are kept in a
small yard off an alleyway opp<,-site his
place of business. Last Tuesday morn
ing a hired man went across the way to
feed them and found several dead.
When Kohn was told of this he sent
One of them to E. J. Creel y, the veter
inary surgeon at 510 Golden Gate ave
nue, for examination. Creely found on
analyzing the contents of the stomach
that the chicken had been fed wheat
poisoned with arsenic.
During the week other chickens and
a prize turkey also died and yesterday
morning one of the grocer's pig
eor.s was found dead in its cote. The
place where they are kept is secure
from molestation and could be reached
only through a doorway or over the
neighboring roofs. A cake of soap on
one of these roofs showed that some
person had been near the place of late.
Kohn knows of no enemies who would
be likely to do the deed. He is ex
ceedingly wroth over the occurrence
and will take steps to prosecute the
offender if ho is detected.
$5501 15 Saved on a Life Policy.
A double-column article on page
twenty-six of this paper shows how
$5501 15 was saved in the Mutual Rene
fit Life Insurance Company of Newark,
N. J.. under the annual distribution of
surplus (without risk of forfeiture), as
against "twenty-year distribution,"' or
"Tontine" in Tontine companies.
Christ's Union Mission flrmy.
A new religious organization, operated
on a system allied to that of the Salvation
Army was established in this city on the
NEW TO-DAY.
VSDR.SOPER ~~
.^^^S GUARANTEES
&&&£s■&*' That the cost of treatment to effect a
;; W i tPs^ ! cure, by his NEW SYSTEM, will not ex-
f<^^n£^llSs. ceed the P rices named below, including
vT r/*j||?j3j all medicines.
v>.^^^^^^ If incurable you will be told so.
|^^::"::::::S8|^fe&".:—.::::::*8 KSg. I BKffi $ M
B3Sff£\: : : ::::: SS ESSe&T gg IS^'r f - ::::: II
JISSi I :::::::::::::: 1 8 l&zEiii 8 § ISr °' v " :: - ::::::: 1 §
p&puil :: tii : iKs.BB BSBSPV ;**.: 58 ESS^Ei 88
Tape Worm 20 00 Diseases of Liver 20 00 Gleet "" }• J8
Deafness 30 00 ißrighfs Disease 140 00 Cancer * ."..WttoM I, ? S %
Those who are unable to pay the above prices will receive services free of chir*.,
of No matter your or Affliction may be nor of how lonttnSi. hlW ''' . th ? °Plnion
Of these EMINENT CAN \I>I \X I'HVSICIANS m 1 1 i-llST^Auiir" •^«'i r »i h<ll °P'nion
THE NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM OF TKK ATM la^l »hV V >ii l Tl } ll * G '
as it does away with the taklnir of poisonous mineral remedies Buffering humanity
lnm.^^^o N r^fhS?S«?s?s» l taßM^ ailll . Weak from in, llBO re,ion and excess
toc"fS^u.,^r^s^^;[w^^^uTan^^^^ »2S ««•
.fidcntlal. Consultation. Examination and Ad vico Frol Hours 10 ?o m 6?m 6 ? S or SOBpo-ndenceS O8po - ndence «- >on -
p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 a.m. "™i«to w a. m., 3to a and 7to 8
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, cor.Post.
* 9 SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
NEW TO-DAY. vv _ w^ v> ,
FRENCH
DRESS
PATTERNS!
TWO
SPECIAL
; BARGAINS!
NOVELTY FRENCH PIREOLA SUIT-
INGS, Brocatelle effects, all two-
tone colorings, in eleven different
combinations—
$4.50 Pattern.
FANCY FRENCH CHEVIOTS, all
novelty weaves, goods measure
full 48 inches in width, in new
shades of Hunters, Leaf, Olive,
Marine, Sevres, Naooleon and
Marie Louise.
■ "■' '■ : ■ '-■'■'
tpO«00 Pattern.
See exhibition of above goods in
our show windows.
TELEPHONE QRAISTT 124.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
High Grade Enamel Ware
This Trade Mark on bottom of each article i^° 4% II
DOUBLE COATED and 4.Un/A
ABSOLUTELY PURE V^T^4T^
Contains no ARSENIC, ANTIMONY. LEAD or other poisonous 4 /If ©* /"I AUj
ingredient.. Others may clalm *>UVlFri&ljO )&*
Others may claim •J^VliJir Uwv V«* "y*^»
purity, we alone sub- fc^y^ I _ /w»
stantiate It by chem- \J* _^^*!M&
ist's certificate at- 'Ay^* "^% *^
\ tached to each article. V^TC^V^
f j»- "We have made a <# J t**
M WW critical examination of
? . ■ a score of the manufacturers of puch poods,
' _.*Mt " ■S'^'^Sr^JL a ?core "' the manufactun»rs of (tufh pooda,
>rtSß^^fcS?-'%r, iTl. '"'^Bg^aS-V-Si^r ami the only articles of •'>>■ kind found to be
wftTTim'^^^-^^'-'^^^S^rmSlfff^mMk absolutely free from all the dangerous con-
taminations of which mention has been made
tttttttß/ni a4fiWß*«nS rffWJalaiaSr are those known as Agate Nickel-Steel Ware.'
V^BHHBKrflMSSj3umancKaß3HBl'^B Tne makers of this ware possess an exclusive
BWaBBHISR. Wftf!<;Mßr2ffl!h tf.yygWasra Patented process by which, through the inter-
i^MKßß^J?if*w'«Wi*«LK«'B^'^©l vent ion of a coating oS nickel, the impervious
■KHSsEAS friSSfSZfIRSBfI KHW^H or enamel coating Is caused to adhere to the
BWjMHHlMfvalßw -^^pfflßHM^^^B steel, thereby doing: away with the necessity
?Ml«awaM^G9g gMWrSfB of a lead bath or the employment of antimonial
■5 IKiEwWMi^V^raKsSSrSfe ' or arsenical preparations to achieve such re-
H ■MKAaPBBICTgSFOHK! suits."— H. Brace, M.D., in American Jour-
mSM^SBKHK FOR sale BY ALL REPUTABLE dealers
BmSBHMBBB*^ Wrlte^t'or Free Booklet Containing
Startling Information About
ENAMELED COOK/JIG UTENSILS}.
LALANCE & CROSJEAN MFG. CO.,
NEW XOitff. CHICAGO. BOSTON*
sth inst. by A. W. Moore, late of th«.
BallinKton Booth Privateers. Owing 1 to
the embryonic state of the institution it
is difficult to ascertain exactly just bow
it will be operated, but the commander
affirms that he is going: to run it on an
entirety different basis than that of the
Salvation Army, both from a religious
and rharitable standpoint.
Commander Moore is going to dress his
followers (unless he is prohibited in doing
so by the Government) in the regular
union soldier uniform of the United
States, and is going to take the American
flag a.« the symbol of his new institution
The primary motive of the new army is
that of feeding the poor of San Francisco
for the consideration of 10 cents a meal
and for this purpose a shelter has been
opened on Hayea street. Six hundred
meal tickets have been issued and are
being sold to business men of the city for
distribution among the poor.
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
BEDDINGS!
-^ 4
"PUSHING THINGS."
Our EASY TERMS agree with
all comers. _____
V J. NOON AN,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.;
516-518-520-522 Minna St.,
6BOVE SIXTH ST.
Telephone, South 14. pen Evcningg.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
—^1004 Market St.,
""j Sear Powell.
Telephone, South 430,
DR.MCNULTYT
Dise««-H «,f \| . Z ';, I-' rt M, t .«'iVp VOUS>llioo<llMld .skin
<lailv:6:30 t ?.™B6crV?yr t Onab , 1 A - Hours. 9 to 3
-aUTr ROSCOE M«SCWT,3I.D.,
.B.^ Ke.ru Street, 'taß'FnaeUe* CaLNEW TO-DAY.
Join
the
Parade
Get one of our $10
Suits and join the parade
to-morrow.
$10.
Boys' Single or Double
breasted Sacks and Cutaway
Suits, in Oregon City Cas-
simeres, Cheviots, Tweeds
and Clay Worsteds.
Overcoats — Blue and
Black Beavers, Meltons,
Covert Cloths, Cassimeres,
Etc.
Buy of the maker. Come
to the BLUE signs, 2d block
from Market.
BROWN BROS, & GO.
Wholesale Mnnui'ucturersi
Selling at Retail,
121-123 SANSOME ST.
ASJCTEON !
REAL ESTATE,
Probate, Partition, Foreclosure and
Commissioners Sale,
MONDAY, JANUARY 3 1st, 1898.
At 12 o'clock M.
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street,
the Following Properties i
PARTITION SA« E.
Ponthcast corner of Drnrnm and Commercial street*;
old improvements; rents 1124.50, 3!1x"5with an L 25x29:9.
PARTITION SALE.
Sout): line of Mission street, 7s feet westerly from First
•treet; improvements used for manufacturing purposes;
portion of Jot unimproved; lize, 3t".;jz^o
PARTITION SALE.
906 Detisadero street,between GoldenCate avenue and
McAllister street; elegant new modern residence of 13 ■
rooms and bath, including billiard room, laundry, etc ■
25x100,
PARTITION SALE.
Market and 15tb streets; fine business lot; southeast
corner of Market 4nd 15th streets; 50x100.
COMMI-M -'NEK'S SALE.
By order of P. F. Skelly, Commissioner of the estate j
of Mary A. Ho<l(rers, deceased; 3 lots, southwest corner
of Pierce and Filbert streets, as a whole or in subdivis-
Ions: slze% 37:6x112:6 and 2 each 25 by 112:6
TO CLO-E AN ESTATE.
Northwest corner of Third and .Silver street*; improre-
ment*,suhsUntial brick building, stores and flats on 3rd
street, store and flat on corner and three Cats on Silver
street; rents, $230 per month; 75x75.
THEO. L M 111.1,1. ESTATE.
2107-7 X Webßterstreet.bf twe^n Sacramento and Clay !
streets; 2 flat* of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents, 935 per
month; 25x90:6, to an alley.
THEO. L. M HIM. ESTATE.-
Asa Whole or in Subdivision.
I— Northeast corner of Broadway and Octavla street-
residence of 9 roorasand bath; rent, sso per m»nth;4sxlGO
2— Lot east side of Octavia street. 100 feet north of
Broadway; 25x112:6. " - :
. .MICH AEL HART ESTATE.
40 Natoma street, between First and Second streets;
2-story and basement of 14 rooms; 34x75; lent, 930.
MARGAKET TOOMKY HSTATE.
1121 Treat avenue, between 24th and 2Sth streets: cot-
Use of 4 rooms; 25x112.6.
MUST BE SOLD.
3450 Miislou street, west side, 40 feet north of Brook
fronting on Mission street and San Jo»er<;ad;
cottage of '. ruoms; mortgage, «4000, Hibernia Ban!', can
remain; large lot, 60x178, irregular
TO C* OSE AN ESTATE
Fine Mission building lot; west line of No* street; 51
feet south of Henry; street bttuiuinized; 25x96.
GOOD INVfSTME^ToN KAST LINE OF
BICODERICK STRKET.
Between Pacramento and Clay streets; old bouse of 5
rooms and out-butldings; lot 65:4 Hxl 10 feet; street ac-
cepted; stone sidewalk la:4 ; convenient to several line*
of nil ; magnificent location for flats,
INSIDE CORNER.
Northeast corner of Pacific and Jones streets ; dmihle
cottage of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent, IX; 45xSC;
good corner for bakery or confectioner.
Farther particulars, catalogue, etc., cheerfully given
s>l our office.
O. H. UAIB3EN 4 CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
Saddle Horses!
Owners of sad le horses
willing to rent them for the
use of aids and marshals for
the celebration of Califor-
nia's Golden Jubilee, are. re-
quested to communicate with
the Grand Marshal, at head-
quarters, room 168, Palace ..
Hotel, lmm diately. By or-
der,
PAR4DE COMMITTEE.
TO OUTVIE
LOS ANGELES
Increase of Sentiment in
Favor of United Gov
ernment.
Contrast of the Conditions With
Those of Fifty Years
Ago.
Many Public Questions Could Be
Easily Settled After Such
Consolidation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 22.
Although the consolidation of the
governments of 'the city and county
will hardly take place this jubilee
year, still the date is not far off when
this municipality will follow the cx
i ample of San Francisco.
During the past two years this ques
1 tion of consolidation has frequently
: arisen, and in nearly every public
■ question that has come up its solution
has depended to a great extent upon
this point. The tidal canal proposition,
the conflict between local license* in
: bay cities, the public park matter and
The Contra Costa (Oakland) at the Time Gold Was Discovered and Robert Livermore
(Deceased), Who Then Owned a Large Share of the County.
other questions could all have been
easily decided were there but one gov
ernment on this side of the bay. So
far no good argument has been ad
vanced against the consolidation ex
cept by a few who would be temporar
ily injured by the formation of one
government instead of four, as at pres-
A picture of Oakland in 1R49 consists
of a few oak trees and a hut along the
bay shore. A sketch made In that
year, when nothing existed at Berke
ley and the same at Alameda, shows a
remarkable growth when compared
with the immense mass of inhabited
territory from the tidal canal around
the bay shore to the northern limit
of Berkeley. All this territory is prac
tically united at this time, and the
wonderful network of electric rail
roads that has sprunp into existence
during the past six jrcMtn has tied Ala
meda, Oakland and Berkeley together
in a more thorough manner than could
any campaign based merely on the
NEW TO-DAY.
HE SENDS IT FREE.
A Never Failing Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUE MANLINESS QBICKLY REPLACES TEE
WORN OUT NERVEB AND VISOE.
When a man's strength and vigor is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain. There is no let up to the mental
suffering day or night. For years the
writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until it
was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles. But providential
inspiration came to his aid in the shape
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
or old, who will take the trouble to
send his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
me to my full strength and vigor of
youth. Now, when I say free, I mean
absolutely without cost, because I want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one
that cured me. Send for it, and learn
that there are a few things on earth,
although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men, and
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater. 178
Masonic Temple, Kalamaxoo, Mich.,
and the Information will be mailed in a
plain, sealed envelope.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 189 S.
lines of politics.
After half a century of existence as
a county, or as a part of a county,
originally known as Contra Costa, the
bay cities are now in a position to form
a big metropolis that will exceed In
value, population and area the much
vaunted city of the south, Los Angeles.
For some time there has been In
Berkeley a party which is anxious to
become part of Oakland, but no such
spirit has yet been made public in Ala
meda.
In the event of a division of the
county, leaving the bay cities as por
tions of Oakland, the interior of the
county owned fifty years ago mostly
by Robert Livermore, but now full of
thriving settlements, would prove
ample to form the nucleus of a county
by itself.
MRS. DR. KNOX
DRAWS OUT
Ideas of the Ebell Are Un
dergoing Quite a
Change.
Mrs. Rubs Brings Horn« Some
Plain Truths From Chi
cago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,,
90S Broadway. Jan. 22.
Dr. Mvra Knox has praeth ally r*- signed
from the City Improvement Club, and
although she still retains the title of
president, she has decided to confine her
work outside of professional duties to her
share of activity on the School Board.
It has been given out that the
City Improvement Club will not exist as
I an independent body much longer, but
! that its ■pedal line of work may become
■ a separate secti"ii of the work of the
1 Kbell ("lub. At the meeting- yesterday of
| the ladies to discuss the park proposl
i tion, there was somewhat of a change
; of sentiment and the majority of the
; members tinding so much opposition to
j the different tracts decided that if the
i Sather tract be not accepted the next
Iw-st proposition was the A. lams tract.
There was a very nmall attendance, and
with I>r. Knux gone it seems as if the
interest had died out.
The Khull dub is now seriously consld
j ering its future. Recently Mrs. John
; Russ returned fro Chicago, where she
■pent much time among the women's
j clubs of that city. She gave the Bbell
! the benefit of her experience, and a com
parison shown that the In, a] club is far
• behind its sister organizations in Eastern
i cities. Mrs. Rum stated that It would
I not be long before h club based entirely
| on the lines followed by the Kbell i"lui>
would reuse, to hold together. She openly
declared that the lin< s mast be broader
and more philanthropic As a result of
' her experience, Mrs. Russ did not exact
ly say that she had discovered that there
I was too much oratory and too little work
i along practical lines In the Bbell Club.
I but the tenor of her remarks left no dotttM
aa t>> what she meant. There ;tr>- 4'« iof
I the best ladies of Oakland in th<- Bbell
Club, and outeide of purely social lines,
i their influence is not felt in this city.
t In Chicago the celebrated Woman's Club
i has fcoo members and exercises a great
■ power through the entire city. The club
takea up any rase of persecution of
women, no matter in what branch, and
I having satisfied itself of its merit?, they
i immediately place the best legal talent in
j the city at the disposal of the persecuted.
I They also run a large lodging-house for
; women whirh has pet an example to the
i whole world, and no.thlng is too great or
too small lor the Chicago women to un
! dertake.
Mrs. Russ has stirred up the Oakland
club until it is ambitious to follow along
| lines similar to those prevailing in the
target city.
"The day of women's clubs for self pur
posea are almost at an end." said slr*.
Tiuss. "I found only two in all my search
ing, and there must a reaching out in a
: humane direction if they are to be sus
tained. This sentiment is comlnp west
; ward. Denver hns a club of 7<K) women,
founded on the same platform as the
; Chicago Women's Club and doing the
s.mi" work. Why not Oakland?"
Owing to the very exclusive lines on
I which the Ebell Society is run, Mrs. Russ
anticipated much opposition when she
, outlined her ideas, but instead they have
been favorably received, and it is more
th.in possible that a very practical pro
gramme will soon be outlined for the
wurk of the ladies who now devote thftr
efforts exclusively to literature and art.
"Love and Affection."
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— A def>d was pla.-ed
on file thla afternoon transferring from
Rebecca \Vurts to Myron L. Wurts. in
consideration "of love and affection," a
lot on San Pablo avenue, near Grayson
Btreet. 49:6x440 feet, and another on East
Ninth street, near Fourth avenue. 33x100
feet. This is part of the property re
cently presented to Mrs. Wurts liy Mrs.
Ann *M. Sny<li-r, aa her portion of her
father's estate. The same property was
then deeded in trust to K. F. Kroll, as
trustee of George Clark, to secure a loan
of $600. with interest at I per cent per
month.
ROASTED BY
THE COURT
Frank P. Bacon Not
Protect His Own
Daughter.
Judge Ogden Advises Sons
Not to Follow Their
Father.
Proposition to Settle tho Divorce
Case Brings Out the Anger
of the Court.
"I will never blacken my con
science by granting to the de
fendant the custody of the little
girl, Catherine, aged 9 years. A
man who is so lost to all sense
of honor and thinks bo little of
his obligations to his wife, little
children and society as to aban
don them deserves not the cus
tody, at least, of the girl. My
own observation has taught me
that the male sex can take care
of themselves.
"It might be that the example
of the father, vicious as it might
be to the boys, might serve to
them as a lesson, to elevate their
own condition and morals in
life. I never would grant into
the custody of the defendant,
shown to have abandoned his
wife and children of tender
years, a little girl. This is out of
the question."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 22.
Buch was the rebuke administered to
Frank P. Bacon, the once wealthy son
of a wealthy pioneer, in Judge Ogden's
court to-day.
The speaker was Judge F. B. Ogden.
who had just listened to the testimony
In the divorce proceeding of Mrs. Ma
mie C. Bacon against Frank P. Bacon.
The suit was filed Tuesday and the an
swer only this morning.
The defendant's order authorizing
Pierson and Mitchell to represent him
In this suit was dated Nogalea, Mexico,
January 19, 1898. Mr. Pierson made
his appearance shortly after 2 o'clock
and the case was called. Mrs. Bacon
was present with her little golden
haired daughter. Catherine, whose big
Mac eyes looked in wonderment at the
movements of all concerned. She
watched her mother closely while on
the stand.
Mrs. Bacon testified that she was
married December 24, 1574, at San Ga
brlei, and had eight children by this
union. They wero Henry D.. 22, mar
ried: Julia. 19: William S.. Ift Joseph
S., 15; Thomas 8., 13; Page, II; Cath
erine, i>, and Robert. 3 next April. She
said that Mr. Bacon deserted her and
the children July 22, 1595. since which
time they had never lived together Ror
had he supported her or the children.
She had not spoken to him in a year.
Judge Ogden drew from the witness
that for the past three months she had
not had clothes or fire to keep her
warm, nor food to keep her and the
children from being hungry. She ad
mitted that she hud been assured that
If sh" gave up all of the children but
the baby, only to see them but once a
week, all of the pending cases would
be dismissed and the divorce case not
contested. She was also to receive a
small settlement. She denied that this
arrangement met with her approval,
but it was a case where phe had to ac
cept what was offered or starve. She
said she could and would take care of
herself and all of the children with
$150 per month and bo glad to get It.
The only other iritneM was Mrs.
Egan, who was a domestic In the fam
ily when the desertion occurred, and
Attorney J. J. Scrivner, the plaintiff's
representative, who testified that he
broached the subject of divorce, and
until it was definitely settled no prop
erty interests or settlement was dis
cussed.
Attorney BofVMT then announced
that he had prepared the findings In
the case and a decree wherein the de
fendant was awarded all of the minor
children except the baby and the plain
tiff given $25 monthly alimony.
"What's that?" asked Judge Ogden.
with a heavy frown on his face. Mr.
Rcrivner repeated the proposlton,
when he was startled with the remarks
above quoted.
The defendant's attorney asserted
that the plaintiff was to receive nearly
two-thirds of the defendant's property.
Tears came to Mrs. Hamn's eyes, and
later she expressed the opinion to the
bailiff of the court that "Judge Ogden
is th? highest principled man that I
ever met." The attorneys asked for a
conference, and the three repaired to
the Judge's chambers. The case was
continued until Tuesday next for a de
cision.
Near to Death)-
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— Dr. Btratton has
piven up all hop^s tt the recovery of the
Japanese woman shot by Singro Matsu
mato. She is paralyzed in her left arm
and both legs. This is caused by the
bullet which punctured one of the cer
vical vertebrae and caused a hemorrhage
in the canal along the cord In the spinal
column. Death now is only a matter of
a few day?.
The Irish Rebellion.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— The "Irish Rebel
lion" will be produced at the Oakland
Theater for the first time on Monday
evening. The cast will require the full
strength of the Gleamm Brewer company,
which has given such good satisfaction
to crowded houses this week.
HE SCORES
SAN LEANDRO
W. J.
Landers Says Poli
and Bosses Ruin.
tics
the Town,
Meanwhile the Citizens Try
Do Something to Help
Matters.
Interesting Mass - Meeting
Been Called for Next
Tuesday.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 22.
San Leandro is engaged at present In
Holving the riddle of her existence. W.
J. Lander3, the San Francisco insur
ance manager, perhaps the v."ealthiest
man on the county road, and one of
the largest property owners in San
Leandro, has made public a letter
which he has addressed to "our trus
tees. Board of Trade, and citizens gen
erally."
It is as follows:
<*> It Is clear to every observer that <$>
•§> San Leandro is slipping back — not <•■•
<§> even standing still. Also that In the <8>
■$> neighborhood of sixty houses and <$>
<«> stores are vacant. The next towns <§>
<«> both ways — Elmhurst and Haywards <^
<S> — are In much better condition, and <^
<$> It follows that unusual and unnec-
essary causes must exist to keep <$>
<«> San Leandro from enjoying at least <$•
<s> the same relative position and ad- <§>
vancement as Haywards and Elm
hurst. It is almost needless to say
that the owners of property, store
keepers and residents suffer alike,
and this will continue until the
causes which brought on the pres
ent state of affairs are removed.
Is it not the case that politics and
differences between a few in and
out bosses together with a willing
ness to attack and Impede the cap
ital already invested in the place,
are the causes malting up the sum
total of the present bad state of af
faire? I venture the opinion that
this is the case and that the efforts
of the local Board of Trade will
continue to yield nothing until a
better public spirit is created and
maintained. I have been asked how
a better public spirit can be creat
ed—l answer, let a friendly meeting
be held and ask property owners,
storekeepers and residents who are
on the tax roll not to miss attend
ance. Each one present should t^iern
ADVERTISEMENT.
50000 0 00000000000 000000000000000000
» FOR HOME INDUSTRY. g
0 '.£*;: <<U^ O
3 The above picture is an excellent likeness of Mr. G. T. Ochs, one of O
3 the most prominent furniture men in San Francisco. He was con- Q
»v nected with the Indianapolis Furniture Company for fifteen years. See- q
ing, with his usual business sagacity, that most of the trade was grad- if
«5 ually going to the big store of the Pattosien Company, Sixteenth and *»
0 Mission, who to-day are the marvels of the mercantile world of San O
{j Francisco, he joined partnership with this firm, and will, by his vast . ©
n influence and popularity, assist In making this house the most prosper- q
** ous west of Chicago. Mr. Ochs will be pleased to welcome his old friends "
0 at the big store. O
0 This firm desires to state that no installment business is done, as it O
O wants to se"ll cheap and conduct an up-to-date business, and not charge q
jl double to people whose credit is good. a
° ■ Mr. Ocha is well known to have all his life advocated and labored for ~* j
0 home industry. -;\";- ©
O o
000000000000000000 000000000000000000
Woman'sllonilikesr
lIUHICIII 0 EvIUIIUBIVuOi
If the ladies decide to go to Alaska they will go, you know, however unfa-
vorable the circumstances may be. "We want them to be comfortably clad,
and are making up very heavy, close fitting jackets and trousers or drawers
that will defy a northern blizzard, however fierce; also lined or unllned cham-
ois suits for both men and women, cut to measure either for wholesale or re-
tall trade. The goods are right and so are the prices. Stocks will not last
always. -' ;-U
We Are Ashamed
Of the newspapers in the city north of us that boldly assert that there are no
Klondike goods on sale in San Francisco. Such statements are neither wise
nor true, and must recoil to the disadvantage of those who resort to them.
There is ;
Business For All
When the season for outfitting arrives, and more than all can safely do.
Calling names does not make it better for those who do it. Other towns can
continue to draw on this city, as they have been doing, and get the best of
goods and best service we ca.n render at
/^*Sm CASH STORE,
■m lM Wl 25-27 Market St., San Francisco.
TtSK . ~/JBBB3m i TELEPHONE, MAIN ,1840.
S^HnnHBHHV The enly Grocers whs made an exhibition of Pure Foods
\^H H^^' at tht Mechanics* Fair and received a DIPLOMA and
r' CERTIFICATE OF PURITY IK EVERY ARTICLE,
suitably worded resolutions to say a
good word and act friendly to each
other and each other's interests.
For some years past if a stranger
visited the town and asked about
the value of this or that property
ht> was at once prejudiced and
made to feel that the particular
property was overvalued and no
good anyway.
If he thought of opening a store
he was more quickly advised not to
do so and practically threatened
with trouble if he attempted 1 to
start In business. If he went abroad
in the streets at night he found
them unsafe because poorly light
ed. If he looked for paved' sidewalks
in front of the better class of pri
vate houses and along our beauti
ful shaded and level streets he
found none. These are the plain,
unvarnished facts which need the
attention of the people and which a
properly arranged public meeting
can do much to change. San Le
andro needs more people — the store
keepers need more business, and
property owners need a more cer
tain income from their property.
These advantages can be had if
proper steps are taken to counter
act existing wrong impressions and
wrong ways of doing things gen
erally. It is high time that we all
did a little pulling together, instead
of trying to see how far we can get
apart and injure one another's in
terests. WM. J. LANDERS.
> <$ >
At the present time San Leandro is
actively engaged in trying to raise
sufficient capital to induce a first-class
cannery to locate in that town next
season. The committee has succeeded
in raising $3187, while they feel that
$10,000 is the least sum with which
they can go to work. Next Tuesday
evening all those interested in the wel
fare of the town will meet to see what
can be done. According to Mr. Herr
scher the locating of the cannery in
San Leandro is what is needed to turn
the tide of business interests. On one
side Haywards is growing 1 , and on the
other side Elmhurst is reaching out,
and he believes that instead of criti
cizing the moneyed men of the plac*
they should temporize and expostu
late with them. A member of the can
vassing committee has called attention
to the fact that although Mr. Landers
has severely criticized the town pub
licly,' his name does not appear in the
list of subscribers who are intent on
bringing a large cannery to the town to
give it a lift commercially.
St. Francis Church.
Rev. Father Gleason of St. Rose's,Bran
nan street, will preach in St. Francis
Church this evening at vespers. The
members of the Gentlemen's Sodality,
who number 300, will be present at the
sermon. Father Gleason is sure to be
greeted by a large audience in the church
of his baptism and boyhood. A very
important m< ting of the sodality will be
held in the church hall next Wednesday
evening at S o'clock.
Hotel Corrjpany Incorporates.
The Paso Robles Springs I^otel Com
pany incorporatf! yesterday with a cap
ital of IHJO.OOO, of which $92,000 has been
subscribed. The directors are: R. E.
Jack, Henry BrunniT, James Gelton, F.
A. Hilin and W. D. Haslini.
NEW TO-DAY.
CHEAP
TREATMENT
Is a great mistake. When you are ill you
want to be cured, and the only successful
way is to apply to a competent physician who
thoroughly understands and has made a life-
time study ot his special line.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY,
! For the speedy and permanent cure of al|
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated
forms. There is no one man In the world
who has performed so many permanent
' cures in both Men and "Women of trou-
bles which other physicians of acknowl-
edged ability had given up as hopeless as
: this eminent
SPECIALIST.
DO YOU KNOW t T h h e a u X PPP P p c y r anTfo°r!
lorn who till our madhouses are victims
of seminal weakness and nervous de-
bility?
That out of every ten cases of Con-
\ sumption six can be traced back to
i and their origin found in seminal weak-
i ness? If you are suffering from the ef-
1 fects of this terrible disease cast aside all
; false modesty and consult Doctor Sweany.
WEAK MEN lie restores lost vigor and
WHAA. iur,« vitality to weak men. Or .
; gans of the body which have been weak-
I ened through disease, overwork, ex-
; cesses or indiscretions are restored to full
i power, strength and vigor through his
new and original system of treatment.
RIIPTTTRF Cured by his new method,
v lunL without knife, truss or de-
tention from work— a painless, sure and
permanent cure.
VARICOCELE Hydrocele, swelling and
YAtm/UVCIiC tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. ,
SYPHILIS In an >* of its stages thor-
uirniiiio oughly eradicated from the
system.
LADIES WiII receive special attention
Lnul£ " J for all their many ailments.
%•» Tjr% ffrrr If you cannot call. No
W f\. 11l charge for advice by
TT »m.m I iU m . llL A valuable
book, "Guide to Health," free of charge to
all applicants. Address F. La. SWEANY,
M.D., 737 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
YUKON
Co-Operative
Mining and
Trading
" Company
(Limited).
Superior Advantages
■ '•' *-' -"-. ' *. ~, .'"-•■ '-_*■' ' ■
Are offered by this company to a limited
number of persons desiring to seek their for-
j tunes in the Land of Gold.
Leaving San Francisco, Cal., April 14,
FOR
St. Michaels, the Yukon and Tributaries
to Dawson City.
Al Passenger Accommodations
A journey of speed, safety and comfort.
Stronger in person and better in health on
reaching destination than when starting.
An . 'iua! interest and voice in the company's
affairs.
No Delay.
The fast river steamers owned by the com-
pany will leave immediately on arrival at St.
Michael for the Yukon to Dawpon city, under
control of C D. Brownfleld. one of the most
experienced and careful pilots and engineers In
the Northwest.
No Trouble About Supplies.
These being: procured by the company at San
Francisco wholesale rates, will be delivered at
destination to all members at the same figures,
with low rate of freight added.
First-Glass Passage
From Pan Francisco, Cal., or Seattle. tf*OOfl
Wash., tn Duwson City, including A/ll
berth and meals *|»fcww
Tickets should be secured without delay.
Xo tickets or stock for sale after March 15.
1898.
For passage and full information, apply in
person or by letter to
\AI. T. HANFORD,
Agent for the Company.
Rooms 16-17. 318 Pine St., San Francisco, CaJ.
Must Vacate
By the Ist of February.
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
324 SLTTER STREET,
The Entire Stock of Rare
TURKISH, UTTI^CJ
PERSIAN '.-XV.U.UrO*
1000 Pairs .Moorish, Oriental, Bagdad
Portieres, Draperies, Etc.,
Will be Sold Out at AUCTION
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY,
Jan. 20, 21, 22, at 2 and 8 p. m. daily.
At 324 SUTTER STREET.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneer*.
3536
Tesla
California's Newest
Mining Town.
In a quiet nook in the Alameda
County hills, where the Black range
frowns darkly on the rolling hills that
stretch away toward the San Joaquin
Valley, a new town has been born to
California — one that is destined, and in
fact is now, the greatest and most per
fect mining camp on the Pacific Coast.
Tesla, for such is the name of the
town, is not strictly a camp, but as
perfect a little town as it is possible to
Imagine, and its rise to the dignity of
being entitled to a place on the map is
almost as wonderful as the story of
Aladdin's palace. The difference is that
it was conjured up by the use of
wealth and fertile brains, and not by
rubbang of a lamp. Heat and light are
the moving factors in the life of Tesla,
howener, for it is the home of the army
of men who operate the immense coal
mine that g-rves the place its name.
Up to a few short weeks ago Corral
Hollow was the commonplace cogno
men of the hill-girt town, and its
claim to being known a? the habita
tion of men consisted of the mining
plant, a few antiquated farm build
ing*, a scattering of tents on the hill
sides and beside the little stream that
meanders down the canyon. Now doz
ens of neat little cottages have been
built on streets laid out on the north
bank of the arroyo, a substantial hotel
rears itself on the south ban*, stores,
a saloon, a hospital, lodging houses,
shops and many other neat structures
are rising like magic, ana Tesla pre
sents a far more animated appearance
than hundreds of towns of ten times its
size.
Xor are the building all or the
greatest of improvements. No finer or
more complete electric lighting system
■was ever Inaugurated, and a sewerage
eyatem second to none is at present
racing- with the buildings toward Com
pletion.
Corral Hollow is a famous place in
California history as the headquarters
of that notorious bandit, Joaquin Mu
riettq., who terrorized the San Joaquin
Valley for many years when Stockton
•was in its infancy and many other
towns that are now flourishing com
munities had not yet attained the dig
nities of names.
Among the canyons of the Black
range he made his hiding places and
the cattle/ men who rounded up their
herds in Corral Hollow during brand
ing time were constantly on the look
out for Murietta and his band of cut
throats, who thought nothing of killing
three or four men for the mere lust of
blood. Down the little valley that
leads out of the hollow toward Stock
ton, visitors are shown Castle Rock,
where Murietta's lookouts were sta
tioned to warn their leader when
bands of grim, determined men rode up
the glen with rifles at "ready," praying
for a chance to get in the bullet that
would rid California of the dreaded des
perado.
CorraJ Ho!low -was so named because
Its precipitous sides made it a natural
enclosure from which even the hardy
hill- bred cattle could scarcely escape
except toward the river. Its enduring
fame, however, rests on the immensity
of the coal deposits that have been dis
covered on its sides and on the fact that
the greatest electrician of the age had
his name perpetuated by having the
place called after him.
Eight years ago it came to the ears
of the Treadwell brothers, who located
and developed the great Treadwell
mines in Alaska, that coal deposits ex
isted in Corral Hollow, which is about
twelve miles from Livermore. Be
lieving that such deposits would be of
great value In such close proximity of
San Francisco, they began a quiet in
vestigation as to the extent and qual
ity of the coal. Becoming convinced
that an inexhaustible supply of fuel ex
isted in the interior of the mountain
they set about acquiring possession of
the rights and properties that would
A Portion of the New Town of Tesla. In the Foreground Are a Few of the Cottages That Have Been Built for the Accommodation of the Men of Family While in the
Background Appear Rooming-Houses in Which the Single Men Lodge. The Hotel Appears in the Right Background and the Company Store in the Left Foreground.
give them absolute control of the coal
fields. Without attracting any great
amount of attention they bought up a
tract of country six and a half miles
long by one and a half miles wide and
began developing the deposits that they
had found existed beyond the peradven
ture of a doubt.
The greatness that the proposition
1 has assumed may be understood from
! the fa-ct that nearly two millions of dol-
I lars have been spent in development
■ and equipment work alone. By tunnel-
I ing and sinking shafts the most re
markable coal fields of the Pacific Coast
i have been mapped out and competent
engineers have estimated that there
I are from eighteen to twenty million
tons of coal already in sight. The de
posits are as remarkable for their reg
! ularity as for the extent of the deposits.
! The main tunnel of the mine taps seven
coal measures that are known to be
five and a half miles in length and
from one and a half feet to eleven feet
in width.
Their depth cannot be estimated, but
it is known to be great, for the shafts,
already down over five hundred feet,
still follow clean coal and there is
every reason to believe that the meas
ures go down many hundred feet fur
ther. Old coal miners say that it is
the most extraordinary deposit known
on this Coast from the absolute unifor
mlty in the distance between the meas
ures. Tunnels run into the hills show
that the veins are at an exact distance
apart throughout the field and of uni
form width and quality.
When the amount, extent and qual
ity of the coal had been fully deter
mined, and the future of the property
assured, it was decided to form two in
corporations, the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Coal Company and theAla
meda and San Joaquin Railroad Com
pany — the first to further develop and
equip the mines and the second to se
cure the transportation of its products
to a market. Both were formed with a
Main Tunnel of the Tesla Coal Mine, Showing How It Taps the Seven Veins That Already Show 20,000,000 Tons
of Coal. The Remarkable Regularity of the Measures Is Also Shown.
view of Interesting local capital. While
the coal company was constructing
bunkers that would contain all the coal
that they might be called on to handle,
the railroad company was constructing
a broad-gauge line to Stockton — thirty
six miles away — the best that has yet
been built in California.
The stock of the coal company was
divided into 50.000 shares at $100 each and
the following officers were elected:
President, Henry Williams; vice
president, John W. Coleman; direc
tors — Henry Williams, John W. Cole
man, E. B. Pond, Jacob C. Johnson,
James Treadwell, H. A. Williams and
R. D. Fry.
The following officers were elected to
direct the affairs of the railroad com
pany: President, R. D. Fry; vice-presi
dent, W. J. Bartnett; directors— R. D.
Fry. J- Dalzell Brown, B. M. Bradford
and W. J. Bartnett.
Up to this time over $800,000 had been
THE SAN rBA^CTSCO CALL,, SUXDAT, JANUARY 23, 1898.
spent in developing and equipping the
mine.
Supplied with 50-ton locomotives of
the most modern pattern and a full com
plement of up-to-date coal cars, the
railroad Is capable of handling every
ton of coal that the mine may produce
in years to come. The company ac
quired heavy tracts of land at the
junction of Mormon and Stockton
sloughs and erected substantial bunk
ers, capable of containing 1500 tons of
coal. Thus equipped and in a posi
tion to handle any output of the mine.
the owners went on developing the
mine to a still greater extent before in
vading the coal market, where compe
tition is keen and competitors powerful.
A few months ago it was decided to
begin realizing on the vast resources of
the mine and the system of mining at
first in use and known as the "long
wall" system wsfl in several workings
changed to the more modern "breast
and pillar" system.
These two systems of mining coal —
entirely different — are amply illustrated
in the Tesla. In the "long wall" system
the workings follow along the vein,
the coal being entirely worked out
after the vein is tapped.
In the "breast and pillar" system,
when the workings reach the vein, the
coal is attacked immediately. Thirty
feet of coal are dug out and then a pil
lar 20 feet along the vein is allowed to
stand. Then another 30 feet of coal is
taken out and another pillar left. When
the end of the measure is reached, or
for any reason work in that direction
is stopped, the pillars are removed, be
ginning from the end opposite the tun
nel. Thus everything that is taken out
after the vein is tapped is a market
able commodity and no labor is wasted.
From an output of fifty tons a day
the product was gradually increased
to seventy tons, then to one hundred
tons, and so on until the present out
put has reached 250 tons a day. All of
this comes out of the Eureka vein —
the largest of the seven — the product
of the others not yet having been
placed on the market.
F. J. Horswill, recently made su
perintendent, has assured the com
pany that the output can be increased
to 1000 tons a day within the near fu
ture and it has been decided to build
a modern mining town to accommo
date the employes. Thus Tesla sprang
into being, "the directors decreeing that
such should be its name and also the
name of the coal.
The first consideration was tl « care
ful housing of the men. and four large
rooming houses were constructed. A
fully equipped store, at which all eoods
used by miners can be purchased at
the reigning prices of the region, was
constructed; a saloon followed: a med
ical dispensary, with Dr. Jump, a com
petent physician, in charge, was built
as an annex to the store and then
streets began to appear. Eighteen cot
tages, all mat and comfortable, and
with modern appliances, were con
structed and let to men of families at
nominal rental.
The miners being cared for, the next
consideration wi^ for the stranerers
that might knock at the gates of Tesla,
and a commodious two-story hotel was
constructed, several rooms being set
aside for the accommodation of the of
ficers of the company and their friends.
Contracts have been let for a hospi
tal, in which Dr. Jump's patients may
be treated, for barber, tailoring and
shoe shop, for a library, in which the
men will be furnished with reading
matter free of charge, and for a school
house in which the twenty-five chil
dren of the camp may be educated.
The county has agreed to furnish a
schoolteacher to take charge of the
children.
Tesla's latest acquisition is a post
office, which the Government has
agreed to place there, having already
Hicnified that the name Tesla Is satis
factory.
The comfort of the miners and their
bodily health receives the utmost con
sideration at the hands of the indomit
able Treadwells. On being hoisted out
of the shaft all are at liberty to go to
the washhouse, where hot and cold
water in liberal quantities flow from
overhead pipes and soap Is found in
abundance.
The greatest rare has been taken in
the ventilation of the mine, and so free
is it from firedamp that the miners
never think of using covered lights, but j
go about their work with open lamps.
Their complaint is often that there is
so much draft through the workings
that their lights are blown out.
In order to avoid the chance of sick
ness in the camp a perfect sanitary j
Bewerage system has been laid out. ;
connecting the buildings on both sides i
of the creek with the main drain that
carries the sewage to a point far below
ttaa town.
Work never ceases at Tepla. During
the hours of the night as well as while
the Bun 1b shining the ceaseless digging
of the coal goes on, and while the coy
otes are howling acrons the hills and
the good people of the neighboring
farms are fast asleep brawny arms are
wielding pick and shovel and pouring
black diamonds Into the cavernous
bunkers. Ten hours a day Is the shift,
and the gang that quits work in the
evening is immediately replaced by
another containing an equal number of
men, the twinkling lights of whose
lamps go flitting up the hill when the
warning^vhistle blows. Night and day
are alike in the depths of the coal mine.
Miners at Tesla are better paid than
the average of their kind. Those Who
labor in the chutes and tunnels work
by contract. 60 cents a ton being the
price paid them for their work. Many
earn $100 a month or more, and a large
majority seem happy and contented in
Bunkers of the Tesla Mine "Where the Coal Is Graded and the Refuse Removed by Japanese
Pickers* The Three Big Stacks of the Power House Show to the Right Behind the
Trestle on Which the Cars Run From the Shaft to the Bunkers,
their model, little town.
Miners with families are at a pre
mium in Tesla, and the company is
constantly on the lookout for good,
steady men. Fifty more are needed at
once, and if found to be of the right
stripe will be put to work at once.
Superintendent Horswill has been
connected with coal mining on the Pa
cific Coast as manager or owner for
the past thirty years. His knowledge
of the details of the business, as well
as his judgment, are of a high order,
and few who do not contribute to the
welfare of the mine remain long in
Tesla.
Drunkenness in the camp is practi
cally unknown, the man having charge
of the saloon being under strict in
structions to furnish no more liquor to
r miner when once he begins to show
signs of intoxication. So with quar
reling- and fighting. Except during one
hour on Saturday afternoon bi^ s and
fisticuffs are frowned upon. During
that hour the men are permitted to re
pair to a spot on the hills and there
settle the differences that have led to
thdr hard feeling. It is generally.
'Jack, you're the best man this day,
but I'll see you again next week."
An excellent system that permits the
men to get credit, previous to' payday,
has been inaugurated. When a man's
time card shows that he has worked
three days, he is allowed to have a
book of coupons, which are accepted
in payment for goods at any of the
establishments in the town. The book
is charged to him at the end of the
month.
Economy is ever the watchword at
Tesla. No product of the mine or re
fuse of the plant goes astray. Coal
dust forms the fuel that generates
power for the ponderous hoisting ma
chinery, cinders and waste rock fill in
the inequalities of the ground or form
walks on which the r <ners may step
dry shod, and nothing is allowed to go
to waste.
The significance of the name of the
new town lies in a matter that has not
been mentioned heretofore and one
that rivais in importance the output of
the mine itself. Estimates have al
ready been made for the erection of an
immense electrical plant that will gen
erate from 25,000 to 30.000 horsepower.
Wires capable of transmitting this vast
force to Oakland, Alameda and San
Francisco will be strung and power
furnished to all who may be willing to
buy.
Electrical power now costs the aver
age consumer $120 per horsepower per
annum, but the company expects to be
able, considering the small cost of the
refuse coal that will be used to drive
the plant, to furnish power at a greatly
reduced cost. The transmission plant,
including the wfrinj? to San Francisco,
will cost about $600,000, and contracts
are already in sight that will pay in
terest on this large investnfent.
Another big project is the building
of a number of manufacturing plants
to manufacture various articles, where
fuel and power are the main items of
expense, in a large level area of the
valley below the town. These plants
will be situated between two shafts of
the mine, so that fuel can be cheaply
handled from either direction.
Now in course of manufacture in the
East is a large washing and screening
plant that wIH be put in operation
within the next three months. Its prin
ciple lies in the difference between the
specific gravity of coal and refuse and
in mines where such plants have been
placed in operation they have been
found to enhance the value of the fuel
to a very appreciable extent.
The water cleans and brightens the
coal and at the same time throws out
all "bone" and other foreign matter,
saving the fuel .even down to the dust.
Though Tesla coal has only recently
been put out in sufficient quantities to
make any kind of a show'ng, it has al
ready taken a strong hold on the lo
calities where it has been marketed.
Stockton, Sacramento, San Jose and
other interior points consume all of the
present output of the mine and little,
if any, has been sent to San Francisco.
The larger amount that will be mined
In the next few months will be sent to
this city.
The company has adopted the method
of handling the product of its mine
from the moment it is dug out of the
vein until it passes into the hands of
the consumer.
Ground has been leased and contracts
for buildings let in some interior towns
as well as in the bay cities, and bright
and energetic coalmen placed in charge.
The profit of the middlemen, a no small
item when large quantities of coal are
handled, <s thus saved to the company,
enabling the corporation to sell its pro
duct at a price that will make it a
strong competitor.
Tesla coal is a superior lignite, mak
ing a hot fire and forming very little
cinder, ash or smoke. It has been re
ported upon by a number of engineers
and chemists and in all cases the te*".ts
have been favorable. It was used by
engineers in the employ of the South
ern Pacific Company and satisfactory
results obtained.
W. R. Eckert, a well known mechan
ical engineer of this city, made a test
of the coal at the Union Iron Works
recently, and the result of his investi
gations r.re summed up in the closing
paragraph of his report, which is as
follows: "Tne coal is of uniform qual
ity, burns freely, with hardly arv
clinkers, and should give good results
as a commercial coal.*'
The practical experience of the man
ufacturers of Stockton is a still bettor
criterion of the value of Tesla coal. It
is burned in the electric light and pow
er works nf Stockton, and in a large
number of flour mills and manufactur
ing plants. Those who have used it
sufficiently long to afe#ertain how the
best results may be obtained in its use
order it by the car load and will take
no other.
As a house coal it has also proved a
success, and is destined to prove an
important factor in the coal trade of
the Pacific Coast.
An erroneous idea exists in the minds
of many coal consumers that Tesla
coal is identical with the product of
the Mount Diablo mines. Superintend
ent Horswill, who was connected with
the Mount Diablo mines for years,
states that nothing could be further
from the truth. He says that beyond
both being lignites there is little or no
resemblance between the two coals,
S Tesla being infinitely superior in every
j particular.
He estimates that the product of the
i Tesla mine is millions of years older
than the Mount Diablo coal, and was
I formed at a period the coal of which
has never before come to light in Cali
fornia.IMMENSELY RICH
SILVER MINE
World-Famous Candela-
ria in the State of
Durango', Mex.
The Property of the Candelaria
Consolidated Mexico Min
ing Company.
Now Bonanzas of Rich Or© Recently
Discovered — History of This Cel
ebrated Mine of Golconda.
The most famous silver mine In the
world to-day is the Candelaria, locat
ed in the district of San Dimas, State
of Durango, Mexico. This celebrated I
property was discovered and developed j
over 100 years ago, but instead of di- j
minishing in quantity its output has i
increased with astonishing rapidity. !
Marvelously rich in mineral, this cele
brated property has for decades past i
been regarded as a veritable Golconda,
from which its glistening riches flow i
in increasing streams.
"La Candelaria" was discovered by
n party of roving Spaniards about 1775. !
Although worked for a period sum"
ciently to indicate that the property !
was of great value its vast stores of j
silver were not reached until 1783, when j
Don Juan Jose Zambrano secured con- j
trol of the property. Although the j
possessor of four other properties in j
Durango, the don devoted his exclusive j
attention to the development of "La j
Candaleria." Its output from that time
to ISO 7, when Don Zambrano died, was !
enormous. Within that period the don i
paid over $11,000,000 in duty to the !
Spanish Government, which then ex- j
ercised authority over Mexico. As the |
duty was one-fifth of the gross amount
of all silver extracted, it follows that
the colossal sum of $55,000,000 worth of
the white metal was taken from the
mines owned by Don Zambrano. When
he died, in ISO 7, the don left a magnifi
cent palace in Durango, large proper
ty interests in various parts of Mex
ico, and the comfortable sum of $1,700,
000 on deposit in the Bank of England.
From 1807 until the period of the
Mexican War of Independence, the his
tory of "La Candelaria" Is veiled in ob-
Fourity. It was worked at intervals
by Don Zambrano's descendants, but j
the mine caving in on all sides by rea- I
son of a flood of waters, the mine lay
inactive for many years. In 1863. how
ever, the attention of American capi- j
talists was drawn to Mexico as an
advantageous field for investment, and j
in the fall of that year the mine was
purchased by an American syndicate.
Many attempts were made to relieve I
the mine of water, but they were fu- '
tile. Another long period of inaction j
followed and the mine was practically
abandoned until ISB3. when it was pur- i
chased by a few (Capitalists of San Fran-
Cisco, headed by Colonel Dan Burns.
The latest principles of mining were :
sagaciously applied, and in a compara- j
tlvely short time the property was re- |
lieved of the water which had retard
ed operations for so many years. On
January 17, 18S9, Colonel Burns reported
to the directors that the Candelaria
Consolidated Mexico Mining Company
had, during the previous twelve
months, taken out enough bullion to
yield a net profit of $502,086 31 in gold
coin. Since that time the mine has
yielded princely profits and the amount
CITY HALL DOME A SHELL
BENEATH WHICH THE PUBLIC
WAS BUNKOED OUT OF THOUSANDS
Such Are the Charges Made by Juror and
Contractor Daniel O'Sullivan in a Grand
Jury Report That Was Suppressed.
Large Sums Collected for
Work That Was
Never Done.
Charges Withheld by Jurors to
Shield the Board of
Supervisors.
SLIPSHOD WORK ABOUNDS.
An Appalling Story of Public Rob
bery Revealed for the First
Time.
If the contents of a suppressed Grand Jury
report are true the new C'iy Hall dome is a
great $hell beneath which unscrupulous con
tractors and Ihtee-card morUc artists have
bvnkoed the city treasury out of nearly
twenty thousand dollars
Beneath the dim light, of the dome, if D
(/'Sullivan is right (m the sweeping charge*
made in the suppressed minority report, it
was the custom of tho<e vho had undertaken
to fulfill certain definite specification* to palm,
off the most slipshod work iv the wortd as
fit rt clans.
The charges show that there vtre thousands
of dollars collected for work that was never
done at all, and that the Grand Jury itself
suppressed the scandal in order to save their
f i tends on the Board of Supervisors from the
disgrace of the revelations. The full story fol
lows:
According to O'Sullivan the building
of the dome and rotunda was the occa
~H «iori of many fat-salaried positions and
innumerable steals so disgraceful that
gome communities would spend thou
sands of dollars to bring the thieves to
Justice.
According to the story of the chair
man of the Grand Jury's sub-commit
SILVER BULLION FROM THE CANDELARIA READY FOR SHIPMENT.
tee, appointed for the investigation of
these frauds, thousands of dollars were
collected for work that no man ever
pretended was done, while thousands
more were expended for work that in
no mannf-r fulfilled the specifications.
The San Francisco Novelty and Plat
ing Works had the contract.
"Although nearly a thousand dollars
per month were expended as salaries
for watchmen and others to superin
tend the work." said Mr. o'Sullivan,
"tho greatest frauds ever seen abound
on all sides, as the most casual exam
ination of the work and specifications
will reveal."
Among other things the sum of $7F>O!)
was collected for copper ani gold plat
ing, none of which work was done.
Three thousand dollars was collected
j for the building of a fire-alarm station
•in the dome. No such station has ever
been built. If the accusations made in
the report are true those who stole the
money outbarted Black Bart.
In places where the dome should
have been furred and lathed nothing
but plaster was placed against the
stone and brick, as a result of which
th<i lime has eaten through and the
paint is crumbling away. For all this
Imperfect work no man ever forgot to
collect the highest prices prevailing for
first-class labor, according to specifi
cations.
More than $1600 was paid out for in
! ferior sheet iron work where there
should have been steel beams and
: straps. This was in the upper dome,
where the motions of the hand are sup
posed to have been quicker than the
> eye.
Under the terms of the contract
nothing was to have been sublet with
out the consent of the architect. Frank
T. Shea was the architect in this case.
Possibly he did not know the character
of the men who performed their black
art tricks in the dome.
Specifications were also made for a
stairway to the basement. The total
sum called for in the contract was col
lected without reference to such trivial
THE SAX FKAXCTSCO CALL, SI'XDAY, JANUARY 23, IS9B.
omissions as the failure to build any
stairway whatever.
There Bhould have been a cast iron
base of known dimensions on each of
the three floors of the rotunda. No
such bases were constructed, but the
contractor was paid the full amount
called for just the same as If bases as
Boliu as Gibraltar had been built to
stand the wear and tear of ages.
The contract, which it is alleged was
thus openly and shamefully violated}
is a voluminous printed document of
twenty-two closely printed legal cap
pages, known as "Contract Number 84
-Ilniunda and Dome." A copy of It
has been thoroughly marked, interlined
and thumbed by the chairman of the
sub-committee that made the sup
pveaMd minority report. Being a prac
tical contractor, he is thoroughly fa
miliar with every detail of the work.
Though not seeking any notoriety, Mr.
< > Sillivan said yesterday that he could
not remain silent any longer. He
thought it a disgrace that the Board of
Supervisors allowed the work to be
done in the loose manner that was fol
lowed, and regretted that the Grand
Jury that investigated the case sup
pressed his report and allowed the
public to be robbed Just for the sake of
saving a few derelict Supervisors. He
thought he would be &b much to blame
as any of the others if he Bhould re
fuse to make known the facts of the
case. His story is very interesting. He
said:
"I did not care to expose or speak of
the minority report submitted to the
Grand Jury, of which I was a member,
on the 13th of last December, but as
long as Captain Hobbs has seen fit to
bring the matter before the public, I
am willing to show where I think seri
ous changes, and, in places, omissions
in work, were do-ne by the parties who
held the contracts. I examined the
dome from top to bottom, and the re
sult was startling, to say the least.
The workmanship and the materials
used do not come up to the standard
as laid down by the specifications un
der contract No. 84.
"After submitting my report to the
Grand Jury, I was of the opinion that
I had done my duty, but the report has
never comje to light. The work omit
ted will amount to a much larger sum
than the changes from the orders in
the specifications, but the Changes in
themselves are of necessity a flagrant
violation (ft the trust imposed in those
who did the work. The reason I have
received for nat bringing the matter be
fore the eyes of the tax-paying public
is that the result and blame of the
whole matter would rest on tho shoul
ders of the Board of Supervisors, and
as the Grand Jury at that time felt
friendly, both as a body and as in
dividuals, toward the board the mat
ter was kept quiet, but in my report
I asked for an examination by both
THE SUPPRESSED REPORT.
To the Hon. Grand Jury, San Francisco. Gentlemen: Your commit
tee to whom was referred an investigation of the manner in which the
contract for the performance of certain work-in and about the rotunda
and dome of the new City Hall, as Included and called for in contract No.
84, had been carried out. desire to report the result of our examination.
"We have had the plans and specifications for said contract work at our
disposal for some time, and we have carefully compared the work as done
and accepted and paid for by- the city with that required by the plans and
specifications, and we find that said work is not in accordance with said
plans and specifications, either as regard to the quality or value of the
materials and workmanship: and we find that no authority has been Riven
by the New City Hal! Commission for such deviations. The value of the
work omitted or changed In character is as follows:
Cast iron base in the three floors of the rotunda and grand stair
case • • W.«O
Sixteen cast iron columns, supporting columns, supporting lantern
mounting inner glass d0me..........:... •••• • 200
Thirty white metal capitals of columns in first and- second floors of
rotunda, to have been copper plated at 3 pounds per square foot
and then electrically plated with gold ••• 7,500
Twenty-three white metal capitals of ' columns in grand staircase,
copper plated at 3 pounds per square foot ...). CSO
Oranmental belt on top of the marble wainscoting of lower rotunda,
to have been white metal, copper plate same as above 1.500
Twenty-four chandeliers in rotunda • *•'•• 550
Six standards on newels of grand staircase ... ' 120
Two rooms over Mayor's office, to have been furred and lathed.... 100
Two new windows to have been put in over Mayor's office 100
Plaster cornices, with ornaments, in grand staircase . 150
1 Master cornices, with ornaments, in three floors of rotunda 800
Two mantels in rooms over Mayor's office ...".......". — ..... 200
Panels in grand staircase, to have been imitation marble -..V.... 250
Steel beams and straps in upper dome •-• 1,600
Washing outer dome surface • • 250
- Fire alarm station, upper dome 3,000
White metal copper plated ornaments between columns of second
floor of rotunda 150
Stairs and entrance to basement, etc ... ... • 250
Minimum total value of work omitted $13,770
There are many other points which should be carefully examined into.
The workmanship ar.d finish are very defective. An exhaustive examina
tion by sworn expertH should be had and a public investigation should be
held, so ihat the responsibility for this flagrant violation of the contract
shall be placed upon the proper parties. Respectfully submitted.
D. O'SULLIVAN.
public and city representatives, and I
think it should be done.
"About $1000 a month was paid by the
city to parties to watch the interests of
the public, but their ideas of watching
have proved ta be rather slack, to say
the least. The cast-iron co-lumns in the
three floors of the rotunda have turned
out to be nortiing but sheet-iron and
they are at the present time sagging In.
The ornamental belts on top of the ;
marble wainscoting of the lower ro
VIEW OF THE TOWN OF SAN DIMAS AND THE OLD MEXICAN MILL
of ore now In sight seems inexhausti
ble.
The ore of this celebrated mine is
what is known as free-milling and
gold-bearing rock, whiol) is worked up
to 85 per cent of its assay value. The
proportion of gold in the bullion aver
ages in value about one-third, while
the ore has a uniform value of over
$70 a ton. and can be mined and milled
for $s a ton or lets. A system of tun
nels extending t<> a depth of 3500 fft. t t
has been introduced, thereby dispens
ing with pumping and hoisting plants.
All the power needed to work the"
stamp mills is developed by the water
of a creek at the foot of the mines.
The work of Improvements at the
mines has been steadil- pushed, so that
to-day better equipped mining proper
ties do not exist. The topography of
the ground renders the tunnel method
of mining more feasible and less ex
pensive than any other, BO that in the
matter of expense of working "La Can- ;
delaria" is unoqualed. An immense
tunnel was recently completed at vast
expense, on a level 750 feet below the
present working tunnel, but the results
tunda should have been gold -plated,
and although the work was not done it
was paid for.
• The specifications called for a fire
alarm station to be built in the upper
dome, but the entire thing was omit
ted, and $3000 paid for the work. The
stairs, which should lead from the dome
into the basement, were never built,
and the fmnt stairs, which were to
have been built from solid pieces, have
been pieced from different colored
st<>ne. Throughout the entire dnme
and rotunda the work '•* way below the
Ran Francisco, rw. 13. 1K97.
standard, and how any party under
contract dared to leave out work
which had been ordered and specified
for, is more than I could ever under
stand.
"It has proven to be a flagrant vio
lation of law and duty, and the city
must take the consequences. I suppose
the reason for the omissions and viola
tions of the contractors had been
made public through the ill feeling ex
isting between the Grand Jury then in
session and Attorney Creswell, the
particulars of which are well known
show that the funds devoted to this
purpose were not misapplied. Assays
of the ores unearthed along the route
of this tunnel indicated a heavier per- ;
centage of gold than was found in the
Bonanzas above. The mine has thewon
derful property of increasing in the rich-
MM of output as the depth is in
ermaed. Immense storehouses of metal
have been lately uncovered, and during
the coming year th# company will be
able to handle and work this ore.
Should the results prove as satisfac
tory as is anticipated, a large mill will
be erected on the ground.
The officers of the Candelaria Con
solidate! Mexico Mining Company are
well-known capitalists and financiers
of this city. D. M. Burns, president,
and C. D. Waterhnuse, vice-president,
are familiar names in the business com
munity. George Gale is secretary. A-
G. Scheindler, superintendent, and C.
A. Hamilton, consulting engineer.
The success of the Candelaria mine
during the past few years has been a
powerful stimulus in the development
Of the sleepy town of San Dimas, in
which it is located. Employment is
to \he general public regarding the
then brought forth to do away
With the City and County Attorney and
allow the District Attorney to carry on
the work which was reported to be of a
light character.
"An idea of the inferior work which
was done on the dome from the com-
mencement can be gleaned when the
matter of the steel and iron work on
the dome is looked into. The skelton or
iron frame work was about finished
when Contractors O'Conr.ell & Lewis
jtook it in hand. They refused to allow
men to work there, as they claimed the
work was poorly done, and that it might
at any moment crash in. The first con
tract was signed and bonds given, but
then a supplementary contract wa3
entered into for the purpose of recon
structing the work, and although it
was signed no bondsmen were chosen.
The result was the old contract had to
be fulfilled, and several thousand dol
lars were lost by them, which helped
to break them up in business.
"The plastering in the dome is an
other example of the steal. In place of
the furring and steel lathing which was
called for under the accepted specifica
tions, the plaster has been daubed on
the stone and brick work, and a coat
of paint was laid on. Now the lime in
the mortar is coming through, and the
paint is streaked with white, and in
many places the work has been done
over again. The stairs to the basement
are not missed by those who have not
s> t n the .specifications, but there is a
slight wonder lingering in the minds
of those who are acquainted with tin?
work. The Grand Jury was not to
blame for the neglect of duty, but the
work should have been inspected by
NEW TO-DAY.
O Si' of Tobacco
#•" m m Tormentors
i^T : /^r%. The pleasure. of living is
•\jT^\.\W i. in living well not living .
(f /rn^i^ ill. Throat, mouth and
vM 1 '^^^^tftHf 1 ' >* < \ eyes are ruined by tobacco
•^^i^§BS£-' a* i' • —the system- is generally .
-^V^^fe^^/ poisoned by it.
W^. Dotft Stop Tobacco
SUDDENLY and rack the nerves. Use the tobacco you require and
take BACp-CURO, (it . gently weans ). If you do this, strong,
healthy nerves and a clear brain will . result.
It will notify you I !4mT|Ji It is the original
when to stop by ra |T| IMi M Guarantee Rem-
removing the de- boMHMI edy, (Money re-
sire: Write for if j|§|fgTl|f fundedif it fails to
Proofs of Cures. g^6B - .1 UM cure
50c or $1 boxes, 3 boxes (guaranteed cure) $2.50.
If your druggist cannot get it, we will send it.
Eureka Chemical and Manufacturing Co.. La Crosse, WIS,
BEDIXGTOX & CO.. General Distributor*
given to hundreds of men in the mine
and as the average Mexican miner does
not believe in hoarding his earnings, all
their wages are spent in ways that
satisfy the Castilian spirit and bring
that prosperity which invariably ac
companies the speedy circulation of
coin in mining communities. The of
ficers of the company are very popu
lar in San Dimas, the people of which
look upon them as the promoters of
their happiness and who are entitled
therefore to the huge measure of suc
cess which they enjoy.
DR. JOHN F. MORSE.
Grand Marshal of the Golder)
Jubilee Pcrade.
Dr. John F. Morse, the Grand Mar
shal of the Golden Jubilee parade to
be held to-morrow, Is one of the most
; deservedly popular Native Sons in the
j State. When the managers of the pa
rade committee cast around for a suit
able citizen to represent them for the
i post of Grand Marshal it was the con
| sensus of opinion that this honor
I should be conferred upon Dr. Morse.
j He has always been prominently irten-
I tified with all public movements which
! would tend to bring the Golden State
I to a position in the front ranks, and
] has even devoted his time to these af
; fairs when hie business interests called
him elsewhere. That his choice is a
popular one is demonstrated by the fact
that it gives universal satisfaction. No
j better man could be found to fulfill the
I duties, and if the parade is not a grand
success it will not be owing to any
fault or lack of endeavor of his. Dr.
Morse has a handsome suite of offices
! In the Spring Valley Water Company's
i building, corner of Geary and Stockton
streets. His large and constantly in
creasing practice is a sure demonstra
tion of his worth and his ability as a
medical man. Associated with him is
Dr. Lehners. who is also most popular
with his large circle of friends. Dr.
Morse, as Grand Marshal, will more
than fulfill the expectations of his
friends.
LONG HOURS, SMALL PAY.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald made
an investigation yesterday to learn the
causes for the recent strike in the San
Francisco Laundry which took place twr,
weeks ago. The operatives left work he
cause they claimed that the hours wero
too long. An understanding was had
with the employers, and the strikers
went back to work without much loss of
time, and under the agreement tho hours
were shortened. The Building Trades
Council asked that the strike be officially
lnvestigate-d. About a dozen of the femalo
operatives were examined J>y the Labor
Commissioner, and tht-se facts wero
learned. Before the strike they worked
sixty hours a week, and when the em
ployers increased the time to over seventy
hours many of the girls became ill. in
fact, one-fifth of them was on the sirk
list. Several of those who were compelled
to labor seventy hours were under 13
years of age, and the law prohibits opera
tivts under that age to work more than
sixty hours a week.
Since they have had the old time re
stored there has been no sickness. The
investigation also showed that many of
the younger girls work for $7 50 a month,
or about 2 cents an hour. The Labor
Commissioner will lay the facts obtained
before the convention of freeholders, with
the view of having provision made in the
charter regulating the hours of labor in
laundries.
VESSELS FOR ALASKA-
The Alaska Trade Committee is prepar
ing a complete list, with all the recent ad
ditions, of all vessels Wbfob will sail from
San Francisco for the various ports of
Alaska The list will include the names
of vessels, owners or agents, freight and
passenger capacity, price of tickets,
freight allowance and all other informa
tion of value to travelers to Alaska.
A givat many vessels which are known
to be about to engage in the Alaska trade
are b^ing held under conditional charters,
and it is not yet possible to announce
who will act as agents in booking pas
sengers and fcreight. although there is no
longer any doubt that they have been
secured for the northbound ocean trade.
In a few days it is hoped that the com
mittee can show what amount of ton
nage is actually under contract or regu
larly engaged in the Alaska trade and
what will be the monthly capacity of pas
sengers and freight of all the vessels
sailing from this port for Alaska. The
statement will also include all possible
information about the Yukon Rivei: ooats
and will be a valuable guide to travelers.
men who were trusted and who under
stood what inspection in the true sense
of the term meant."
Captain H. H. Hobbs. who was fore
man of the Grand Jury at the time the
minority report was presented, is of
the opinion that the work done in con
nection with the City Hall dome is of
a character to be scoffed at by every
taxpaying citizen in the State. He also
states that the report has never been
made public, and the specifications
calling for a certain class of work have
been neglected and a cheaper and in
ferior grade of work and material was
substituted in nearly every line of the
building and furnishing throughout the
interior and exterior of the building.
"I am of the opinion that there is
sufficient information concerning the
work which was poorly done to startle
those who have seen the dome who
were not aware of the change which
has taken place in the construction ac
cording to the specifications present
ed." said Captain Hobbs. "and I hope
that information will be given to the
public. The Grand Jury was not to
blame in the matter, as Frank T. Shea,
the architect, had the matter in his
own hands. A minority report was
submitted to the jury showing up the
frauds which had been accomplished,
but why it has not been made public
heretofore is something I cannot tell.
I am positive that the report submitted
was correct in every detail and some
serious errors or changes have been
made in building the much talked of
City Hall dorae^
London has 13S0 miles of streets,
Paris GOO miles and New York ','",.
3738
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— an Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
KM Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
ntv-'ts: open till 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter st .. bet Kcarny and Grant
aye —Christian Science Bible lessons; sub-
ject, "Jesus Teaching the Beatitudes." Sun-
day-school for children at the same hour.
"Science and Health" study Thursday at 8
p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Preabyterlan Church, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie. D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H. Jenks.
00-paator. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a r.'.. upon the Jubilee. Mr. Jenks will
preach at 7:30 p. m.: subject, "California,
Past, Present and Future." Sunday-school
at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S C. E. at 6:15 p. m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 8
o'clock. All are welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian church, cor. Geary
and Powell sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 740 p. m.
Topic a. m.. "Have Wicked Men the Best of
It?" p. m.. Why Will You Die?" Morn-
ing music— "Te Deum." In D minor. Arthur
Foote. offertory. "Bow Down Thine Ear."
French trio, soprano, tenor and basa. Even-
ing music— "Jubilate Deo," from mores et
vita (by Gounod); offertory. "Father of
Mercy" (Millard); duet, soprano and alto.
All are cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, cor. of
Webster and Page sts.— Rev. Samuel S. Cry-
or. D.D., paßtor. Sermon In the morning at
11 o'clock to children and parents and in the
evening at 7 :3 c Topic "As. <Jod Sees It."
Sunday-school and pastor's Bible class for
young men at 9:45 a. m. Christian Endeav-
or at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednes-
dny evening. All invited and welcomed.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner of
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
minister, Charles A. Murdock. superin-
tendent of Sunday-school. The Sunday-
school is at 10 o'clock. The morning serv-
ice is at 11 o'clock. All are cordially In-
vited. There Is no evening service.
THE Second Unitarian church, corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. — A J. Wells, pastor. Mr
Wells will preach at 11 a. m. '.n "Independ-
ence and Breadth in Religion." a nf * at 7:45
p. m. will deliver a special address on
"Prayer as Affected by Modern Knowledge."
Seats free. Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Pas-
tor's residence, 924 Valencia st.
FIRST Baptist Church, Eddy St., near Jones —
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by E.
A. Woods. D.D. Morning subject, "Part-
nership With God." In the evening Dr.
Woods will deliver the sixth in a course of
sermons; subject. "Is Christianity a Fail-
ure?" Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m. "C
E." societies at ti:3<) p. m. Galilee Sunday-
school. Pixley Hall, at 9:30 a. m. Washing-
ton-square Sunday-school, Union St.. at 9:30
a. m. Bethesda Sunday-school, Howard st..
3 p. m. Christian culture class Friday
evening. Midweek praise and prayer serv-
ice Wednesday at 7:45 p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams. D. D. .
pastor, will preach morning and evening.
Morning service, 11 o'clock; theme. "Jesus
Christ an Example for Business Men." Even-
ing service, 7:30; theme. "Now" (thirteenth
sermon in series on the Book of Ecclesiastes).
The pastor's Bible class and Sunday-school
at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. c. E.. 6:30 p. m.
Samuel I>. Mayer, organist and choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational church. Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a, m.
Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D.. pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Subject in
morning, "Belief as a Factor In Character."
Evening subject, second in series for young
people, "Esther, the Young Woman With
Advantages." The public cordially invited.
CENTRAL Methodlat Church, Mission st., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, pastor. Clas.s meetings at 9:30 and
12:30. Pastor will preach morning and even-
ing. Subject at 11 a. m., "Sou! Saving."
Subject at 7:30 p m.. "A Motto for the Golden
Jubilee." Sunday-school at 1 p. m., Rolla V.
Watt, superintendent. Christian Endeavor.
S:lt p. m. Revival services each evening
this week, except Saturday, and Bible read-
ings in the afternoon at 2:30. This is a peo-
ples church. Seats free. Cordial invitation
to all.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence. 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic of morning sermon. "The Spirit and
Power of Elias." Evening sermon. "The
Miracles of Christ Surpassed." Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins, super-
intendent. Epworth League meeting at ii:3n
p. m. Prayer meeting, Wednesday evening
at 7:45 p. m. The public cordially invited to
all the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers in attendance.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts— To-day (Sunday) at 3 o'clock, union
mass-meeting, open to both men and
women. Address by Rev. William Rader
Subject, "The Battle in the Wilderness;" of
special Interest to young people. The pub-
lic cordially invited to attend. Dr. Kum-
mer will give an Illustrated lecture at the
Association Auditorium next Tuesday even-
ing on "Scotland and the Ladyof the Lake."
THE Fir*t Divine Science Church Of Baa
Francisco— M. E. Cramer, pastor. Subject.
"The Fall of Man." Services at 11 a. m
Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m. Yosemlte Hall.
N. S. G. W. building. Mason St., bet. Geary
and Post.
THE THEOSOPHICAL~SOCIETY— Public lec-
tures even- Sunday at 8 p. m. in Portola
Hall. Native Sons' Building; to-night. "De-
votion as a Means to the Liberation of the
Soul," by W. J. Walters; lodge meetings
every Wednesday evening at 8; class for be-
ginners every Thursday at 3.
SAN FRANCISCO Theosophlcal Society. 819
Market St.— Lecture to-night. "The Building
of the Temple of Man." Subject Tuesday
night. "Karma or. Compensation."
_____ SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists, Dora-
do Hall. Alcazar building, O'Farrell st
Sunday eve. Jan. 23; song service 7:30 sharp-
Mrs. R. 8. Llllie of Boston will lecture and
Mrs. J. J. Whitney will answer written
questions and give spirit messages; ad. 10c.
THOMAS PAINE memorial— anniversary
of Thomas Paine's birthday; entertainment
and social; stereoptlcon views; designs by
Walscn Heston; admission 10c. Crystal Hall
Pythian Castle. 909 Market, Saturday even-
ing, January 29, 1898.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society. 909 Market
St.; 11. free, 2-8 p. m.. 10c: Kate Hussmann,
Sealey. Martin. Dr. Carpenter. Hanson. Dr.
. 261 Arlington St., 10 to 4.
MME. MONTAGUE will hold a meeting In San
Francisco Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock:
Washington Hall, opposite Tlvoll; readings
and questions answered.
TEST developing circles, 2 and 8 p. m.; test
meeting. 10c; 335 McAllslter St. R. A. Btett
I Nita, Mrs. Ewen, Meakin. Hargrave. Hanson
and others.
OAKLAND Psychical Society. Fraternal Hall
Washington St., 7:30 p. m. line. Florence
Montague will occupy the platform.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and business medium
cures liquor and tobacco habit; readings
dally. 1116 Broadway. Oakland.
AT«% Oak St.. every Saturday evening
MRS. COLBY holds a circle; sittings dally.
TO-NIGHT 8 o'clock, circle. 25c: Mrs. Mayo-
Steers. 112*4 Oak st. ; readings daily, $1.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, uiteriallzlng *■>
ance. Monday evening; 50c. 227 Sixth si.
MR «, EGGERT AITKEN. test medium, gives
sittings dally at 320 McAllister st. < -
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance; 8 p
m.. oOc. 409 Leaven worth st.
957 MARKET. 8 p. m., Mrs. Wrenn and other
prominent mediums. •,""
MEETING NOTICES.
PARKER "LODGE NO. 124. I. O. O. "\***ui,.
F.— Members are requested to jayKawifc
meet in their lodgeroom RUN- rKjSBCsF
DAY, at 1. o'clock, to attend the •*■<"*■■«**■
funeral of our late brother. WILLIAM J
TILLEY, P. G. 3. A. WELLS. N. G. '
AN adjourned meeting of St. Patrick's «l^»«K
day convention of 1896 will be held on V! 1 ' If
SUNDAY. February 6. 1898. at 2 'Vv*
o'clock p. m. All • Irish-American. cfYffiP
National, military, benevolent, liter- f*^£
ary and social organizations are requested to
send five delegates each. Ex-officers of for-
mer conventions, grand marshals, orators
and poets are entitled to seats In the con-
vention/ By order
JOHN'MULHURN. President.
J. J. MORAN, Secretary. ■ ; '
A. O. H. of A.— Attention— officers %«j#^j
and members: You are hereby or- V\Jwj
dered to assemble at Hibernia Ha11..-Wttf •
120 Ninth st., on NEXT MONDAY.
the 24th lnst.. at 9. o'clock sharp, ST^E*
to report with your respective divisions to
P. J. McCormick, marshal of Celtic divi- ■
sion, thence to march to position In line at
I>rumm and Market Bts. The division will
leave Ninth and Market sts. at 9:16 sharp
accompanied by K. R. B. Rifles. Be prompt
and Invite your friends. . ; Fines ■ for ■ non-at-
tendance will be strictly enforced. By order
-: - P. J. McCORMICK, C. P.
E. J. HANNON. Cor. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Cir-
cle No. 3, Ladies of the G. A. R.— Sisters:
You are earnestly requested to attend the
funeral of our late : sister, MAROAJIET C.
TRt,E, from Native Sons' Hall. By order.
U. J. GRIFFITH, Secretary. 8 ' *"«*«*•
MEET NOTICE- — Continued.
TO the shareholders of the Independ-
ent Red Men's Hall Association— >J*W^*-
You are hereby notified that the an- mi*
nual general meeting of the shareholders of
the above association will take place on FRI-
DAY. January 28. at 8 o'clock p. m., in the
Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush st.
CHARLES SCHLESINGER. President.
S B. A. LAMM ANN. Secretary.
"A NICHT WV Burns"— SLvCTj.
. Andrew's Society will celebrate 3V, {j'/'J
the 139 th anniversary of the birth ■ fiTjK
of Robert Burns. TUESDAY *■?*•
EVENING, January 25. in Scottish Hall, 103
Larkln st. Songs, readings, etc., ' selected
from the works of the poet will be rendered
by well-known artists. An address on the
genius of Burns will be delivered by John
D. McGllvrary. Dancing at 10. Tickets, 50c;
children. 25c. \
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
A. C. BALLINGALL, Secretary.
PIONEERS — Senior
members of the So- >^V^>S>r>fe^te »\
ciety of California Plo- QyffEM BglSqm
neers and Invited
giifßts dt-Flrlnp to at- ./giPw cr'Sv
tend the literary ex- ~JBP^ »d
erclses which will be held at Woodward's
Pavilion on MONDAY. January 24. next. In
the event of Its being a rainy day, are re-
quested to meet at Pioneer Hall at 1 o'clock"
p. m. Carriages will be provided to take you
to the pavilion. J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be h< Id
at its banking office, 301 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the twenty-
first (21st) day of February. ISHB. Nt 3: if,
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en-
suing year, .and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 20, 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of February, 189S, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company, 222 Market st.. San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25, IS9B, at 11:30
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
January IP. IS9B.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MARSHALS and aides must procure th.-ir
sashes and gloves for Monday's parade at
Brunts. 53." Clay Et. Open Sunday, 9 to 4.
and Monday all day. Also manufacturers
official badges.
WANTED— GirIs and boys In every town to
sell the Checkerboard Puzzle: see ad. and
conditions on page 3; big money.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
c:ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..« room 6: tel. 6680.
MKS PEARL HARRISON; genuine cabinet
baths; ladles, gents. 120^i Geary, room 2.
MKS. DR. FISH, rra 3. 116 A Grant aye.; elec^
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HTJI.THEN, electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason St.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. ETEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120M> Geary St., room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24, Flood bulld-
lng. cor. Fourth st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-KEMALE.
LADIES — If you wish a competent servant see
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
"THE hotel office'" of the coast Is C. R. HAN- •
SEN & CO.. 10S Geary *t.. San Francisco; ,
housekeepers, maids, waitresses, !aundr<>ssts,
etc., furnished promptly and with Judgment.
I flrst-cla«s private family cooks, with first-
class city references; 2 young girls, light !
work and wish to sleep at home; a neat
young Danish girl wishes second work In pri- ]
vate family: 4 capable nurses competent to :
take entire charge of an infant are seeking
situations through C. R. HANSEN A
108 Geary st. ; phone.. Grant M.
4 first-class chambermaids having experience
and reference from first-class hotels: M
strong housework girls of different nationali-
ties are seeking employment at C EL HAN-
PEN & CO.'S office, 108 Geary st. ; phone..
Grant 185.
GOOD reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper: city or country. Address C. '
5 X.. 15 Hyde st.
COLORED girl would like a position as
child nurse or assist In housework. Apply ;
1711 Jones St.
WANTED— Position for young girl between
13 and 14; small family. Write or caJl after
6 p. m., MRS. G. BEST, 314 Fifth st., city.
EXPERIENCED nurse: will make herself
useful: best city references. 138 South I'ark.
TOUNG lady wishes situation as Fr-n-h
nurse or upstairs work; country preferred.
14 William st.. rear.
YOUNG woman wishes position as companion
or seamstress. Box 697. Call.
FIRST-CLABB American cook wishes situa-
tion in American family; no washing; good
city references. $15; 3 years in last place.
236 Minna st.
WANTED— By a refined and educated young
lady, a position as copyist, correspondent or
assistant bookkeeper; good penman. A
SMITH. 519 Eddy st.
SWEDISH girl wishes place In private fam-
ily; English or American; Is a first-class
cook and a good worker. Call or write 603
Washington st.
SITUATION wanted by experienced parlor
maid waitress. Address room 11. Winches-
ter House, Monday from S a. m. to 3 p. m.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like a few more engagements by the day
Call or address 1403 Polk st.
YOT'NG lady wants a position in millinery;
good trimmer. Address S., box 11. Call office,
Oakland.
AMERICAN your.g woman wants position to
clean office or assist housecleanlng; sleep
home. Call 234 O'Farrell st.. rra. 6.
GEKMAN woman wishes situation for light
housework. Address 785\4 Stevenson st., near
Ninth and Market.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young wo-
man for general housework; from $15 to 120
1239 Market st.
GOOD woman cook wishes position in hotel to
do German or American cooking; city pre-
ferred; not afraid of work; early riser. 1024
Howard St., room 24.
EXPERIENCED woman wants situation; good
cook and laundress: housework; nationality
Scotch; references. Address Cook, 615 Larkln.
WANTED— Situation as nurse and companion
to Invalid; best of references; no objection
to country, or would travel. Address M D
2103 Pine st.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do cook-
ing and general housework; willing, reli-
able; wages $23. Box 682. Call Office.
RESPECTABLE German widow, age<l ttTwith
one child, wishes steady situation to do
housework or as housekeeper; small wages
Box 655. Call Office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go out by the day
or do mending for family, or will act as
companion or housekeeper; "<-. trlflers 828
Geary st.
GERMAN lady wishes position aj> cony
panlon; good dressmaker; no objection to
traveling^ Address A. G., P. O. box 100
station V, city.
GERMAN woman wishes place as house-
keeper; city or country. Address 714 Linden
Bt.. West Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day or
week washing or Ironing. Address box 690
Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as second girl or to mind
children. Call or address 116 Eighth st.
SCANDINAVIAN widow (speaks English)
wants situation In small family where she
may have home with her two small cnll-
dren; wages nominal. Address box 368. Call.
GERMAN girl, between 20 and 25. as waitress
in American family; wages $20: city refer-
ences required. Call between 9 and 12 a. m.
2518 Pacific aye.
LAI) Y wants position as working housekeeper
and board^her son. Box 675. Call office.
TWO ladles wish positions to keep house. Ad-
*nm A. _W , Tc-om_l. 514 Bush it.
SWEDISH girl wants to go out by"the day"
washing and Ironing. 217 C Colllngwood st.,
J>*fweei^Mneteenth and Twentieth.
TWO young German girls want situations to
do general housework; plain cooking. 243
Second St., upstairs.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds" Jew-
elry: low Interest fncie Hnrns. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MAUB.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help!
tcl. Main im. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JA3TUARY 23, 1898.
| SITUAI »TVS \V. Continued.
j ZZZI '
PLENTY of Idle men looking for work.
Do you want a competent
FARMER MILKER
RANCH HAND
Laborer for any kind of work, city or
i country. • "
MILL HAND WOODCHOPPER
MINER — —
Or a m%n for any kind of labor, mental or
physical, skilled or unskilled?
If so. send to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
■ Geary st.
HOTELS and restaurants, city and country,
when In need of cooks, bakets. stewards,
waiters, kitchen hands, porters, bellboys,
etc.. remember that we have the mun and
their records: 21 years in the business: send
us your orders. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st. . •
TO SUPERINTENDENTS & MINE OWNERS
For first-class miners, mechanics, carpenters
and' others, send your orders to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st;. San Fran-
cisco.
, CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
j CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 30 Geary EL . tel. Grant 56.
' HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.'
; office. 614% California bt. ; tel. Main 231.
MAN of 30, big. strong, good appearance,
) strictly temperate, reliable, best of references,
! wishes position as watchman or similar. Ad-
dresa box 740. Call office. j
ENGLISHMAN, 45, experienced nurse, sober
habits, will leave city or travel, or willing
! . to accept employment In any capacity. Box
696. Call office.
j YOUNG man wishes situation In family; un-
I derstands care of cows and horses, garden,
chickens, etc.; willing to make himself use-
ful: reference. EDW. SPREAD, Golden
Eagle Hotel, room 49.
JAPANESE boy wishes position aa waiter,
housework or cooking .In the family; best
reference. 53 Minna st.,- rear.
SITUATION wanted by married man to take
charge of place or anything: can milk, drive
and handy with tools. Box 747, Call. i
. GARDENER; single; thoroughly competent In
i all branches gardening and greenhouse work, i
first-class references; would like position I
with private family. Box 563. Call office.
INTELLIGENT agents make money selling
Wels Patent Binders, for binding magazines,
music, etc.; very liberal commissions; Inclose
stamp. The Wels Binder Co., 24 Jackson St.,
Toledo, Ohio.
THERE is hardly a business house hut what |
wants the right kind of a man: it Is Im- j
possible to find that man for reasons well :
known: I wish a position: reasons why at
Interview. Address F. L. G., box 200. Call.
WANTED by a gentleman of experience — A
business position : references first-class. Ad-
dress G. M. S., box MO, C;UI otto*.
YOUNG man. IS years, living with parents.
Wants position; reliable and trustworthy;
best references. Address F. B. W., box 2674.
V o.
GERMAN cook and baker wants a situation
for hotel, restaurant or boarding-house. Call
217 S.-<-,,n.l st.
TEMPERATE young man would like some
kind of employment. Box 7r.4. Call office.
YoUNG man would like a position In a black-
smith shop to finish learning trade: has had
some experience. Address THOS. WALKER.
640 Howard .-;
JAPANESE, first-class family cook, wants
situation; good recommendation; city or
country. TOMI. box 6M, Call office.
GOOD man wants situation on private place
to attend to horse, work around the huuse,
etc. Address box 691, Call office.
GARDENER, young man. at present employed
in private family, wishes to make change at
end of month. Box 671. Call office.
BOY of 16 wishes a position in machine shop:
has had 1 year's experience. Box 653, Call.
MAN and wife want to run a boarding-house
in mining camp or station: with reference.
Address MRS. MONACO, Rodeo, Cal.. care
Union Oil Works. Contra Costa County.
WANTS situation — Cook for ranch, camp or
private family; good breadmaker; also fine
butter-maker. Address W. T. BRYANT, £.25
Sacramento st.
ELDERLY man wants a position as book-
keeper; best re'erences; small salary. Pio-
neer, box 661. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. n»ar Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 E0 night: $1 SO to (6
week: convenient and respe -table; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— By a young man. a place In a.
wholesale house: not afraid of hard work.
Box 645. Call office.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
FINE lroner, country hotel. $2o and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 10? Geary St.
Cook, country hotel. $25: assitant. $20. C. R
HANSEN & CO.. 10R (;eary st
HOTEL housekeeper: on»- having first -das*
hotel experience only nee<l apply $40. C. R
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary M.
FIVE waitresses for country hotels, $20: wait-
ress, near city. $20; 4 waitresses, city hotels.
*20; « arm waitresses, city. $IS. $20: cham-
bermaid and wait, $15: restaurant waitress,
near city, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st .
TWO first-class chambermaids, same country
hotel. C. R HANBEN & CO.. 108 Geary st
GERMAN parlor maid and waitress for a fam-
ily of 2. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 106
Geary st.
PRIVATE family cook. $30; 4 cooks. German
Ktyle. $25: 25 girls for general housework. $X
$25: 12 young girls to assist. $12. $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.» Ml Geary st
LADY clerk for our female department. C. R.
HANBEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
YOUNO girl. 14 years, to assist In light house-
work. 3462 Eighteenth st.
FINISHERS on nklrts wiinted, to take work
horr..-. M. SIMINOFF. 121s Mnr;
OPERATORS on cap*, hats, underwear; per-
manent. M" Market st.
GERMAN girl as housekeeper and companion;
good watres. Box IH, Call office.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking.
IM 'ie.-iry st.
BODY and starch lroners. at St. Nicholas
l^aumlry. 3076 Seventeenth St., near Folsom;
wages $30 find upward; Call Tuesday.
S' Hi >OLGIRL about 14 to assist In light house-
work. 10 Hyde st.
LADIES, pin money— Make patches on our
darning machine; we pay 70c per 1W; make
ISM weekly: stamped addressed envelope for
sample. SUMMERS, I>*pt. 23\ American
Tract building. New York.
DRESSMAKERS an.l all interested In dress-
making call and see our school; learn the
celebrated McDowell system of dresscutting
and get positions free; stylish dressmaking
and millinery thoroughly taught: the Mc-
Dowell is the most successful school west of
Chicago; this Is the school that received all
the gold medals ami diplomas: easy pn"-
ments; unlimited lessons: patterns cut. 25c
up. The McDowell Dressmaking and Milli-
nery School. 103 Post SL
WANTED — Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts: also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons; will also
take a few Inexperienced for Instruction
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
WANTED— Milliner and designer to take
charge of established department in dry-
goods house: must be stylish and up-to-date;
must possess managerial capacity; all the
year position; communications treated in
strict confidence; state experience and with
whom. Address P. O. box 82. Oakland.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general housed
work. 2211 Sutter st.
WANTED— Shirt finisher. 521 Valencia st.
R EMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladles' specialist, to
1508 Market St.; monthly troubles, etc.
V"ING girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st.
LAWRENCE 'Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25
562 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, solelng. Ssc. men's shoes. sole-
Ing, 50c. ; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and ML
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma : patterns cut 25e up. 103 Post.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
•16 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— Continued^
CIVIL service Government positions; 50 ques-
tions and answere free. Address HL'GHVS
PREPARATION. Washington. P. C.
WANTED— A salesman: married man prefer-
red; salary $40 per month; chance for ad-
van rment. Box 743, ChII office
NVE attic room in exehance for 1 (l.iy's^wo^k
per week or 1 hour each morning. 22 Harper
St.. off Thirtieth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
WANTED— An experienced produce salesman^
one who can obtain consignment*. Box «7.
Call office.
MALE HELP WAITED.
| WANTED for Monday, second cook, hotel. $60;
French cook, country, $50; cook, restaurant,
city. J4O; short-order cook, near city, $35; 5
kitchen hands. $2"; dishwasher, IS a week,
i ■ and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary-
RAILROAD teaming foreman* call early Mon-
> day. C. .R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED double circular sawyer, who
is familiar with modern mill machinery: X
a day; steady Job; boss here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. Los Geary st. :•:■
j ' '-
HOTELS, restaurants, all employers.
We will open Monday for your accomoda-
tion; If you need extra or permanent help
ring up telephone Grant 185. ■
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
, 8 MEN for good voyage; good wages; no fee
charged. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 6 boys Sunday at 10 a. m. to sell
official Jubilee badges. 535 Clay st. .
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap.
43% Third st.
WANTED — Men and women: work home; I pay
IS to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method: any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, .day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist. Tyrone. Pa.
FIRST-CLASS haircutter. who understands
hair curling. 24 Geary st. " • . .
SHOEMAKERS to buy two Singer patching
machines: almost new; cheap. 202 Powell st.
25-CENT barber shop and bath: country, near
city; good chance: good reason for selling;
must be sold. Address box 692. Call office.
THREE chair barber shop for sale cheap. Ad
; dress JOHN FIELDS. San Leandro.
WANTED— 20 men to Join an Alaska expedi-
tion. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and M years, who are citizens of the
nlted States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
! speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis St.. San Franclcco. Cal.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
2000 PAIRS shoes — Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged; at less than one-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 60. 662
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
WINCHESTER Hour*. 44 Third stT! near
Market; 200 rooms. 2. r .c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggßge to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to 14 week: hot and cold baths.
SAILORS and ordinary eeamen wanted at
•LANE'S. 604 Davis st near Jackson.
BARBERS Association Free Employment Of-
fice 8. FUCHS. Sec.. 525 Grant ay«.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of Th« Call:
want ads and subscriptions taken.
€15 LARKIN-Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night. 75c and $1
week. Linden House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13S\j Eighth.
ELCHO House. S63H Market St.— Rooms 30c..
25c to 50c night: tl to $1 week.
ROOMS. 15c to 75c per night: 50c to $1 50 per
week- Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764V4 Mission;
men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; fine, 90<- and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth.
for a mom: 25c a night: $1 a week.
339 HAVES ST.-Branch office of Vhe Call.
Subscriptions nnd ads taken.
AfiESfTS WANTED.
AGENTS— The new brilliant metal letters for
card signs In IS colors; are changeable;
make the most beautiful signs: samples 10c:
your name 25c: nothlntr can compare as a
seller. Made only by Baker Letter Co.. 403
Sanchez st. se>w
WANTED— GirIs and boys in every town to
sell the Checkerboard Puzzle: see »d and
conditions on pas'* 3: big money.
AGENTS to canvass for Apollo Incandescent
gas lights. 129 Ellis st.
FURNITUKE WAtTBO.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
r«m«>rv «t. ■ blrh»»«t price* ns.ld. Tel DavU '1
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, when they can be quickly
rented by HENDERSON REALTY CO. (pub-
lishers of Weekly Real Estate Register)?
Give us a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY C0..405C McAllister.
I WANT a sunny flat or house, 7 to 9 rooms,
in perfect condition, 15 minutes' walk from
Palace Hotel, tor 1 year or longer: If partly
furnish.-! will board owner if desired on suit-
able terms: rent must be about J3O; family 4
adults. Address box 631. Call office.
UO All DING WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED single gentleman occupying a
prominent and responsible position. Is de-
sirous of permanently locating himself with
a liberal minded and social family where he
could enjoy home comfort* and privileges:
comfortable room or suite with freedom of
the house and breakfast: will pay good price
If suited. Address "Home,", box 689, Call
office, with full particulars.
WANTED— Good home near school or board-
ing-school for boy of 9 years. Address, with
particulars and terms, box €50. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED Olrlt and boys In every town to
sell the . Checkerboard Puxzle; see ad and
conditions on page 3; big money.
WANTED — 10 horse-power launch engine, small
circular saw mandrell, with bearings, and 3
or 4 24-Inch saws In good ' condition. Give
lowest price, etc., to box 699. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bicycle, In exchange for Irish
setter. L.. box 9. Call office. Oakland.
MOTOR, »; horse power, for direct current.
BACIOALUPI. 933 Market st.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves.
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market St.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted: best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— gold, silver, cart Og
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAS. 41 Third.
_ _ ' EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 110") grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AIRES' Business College. 325 Montgomery St.;
Individual instruction in. shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ehlp. S. r <o; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, min-
ing, m»-ch.. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
at 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course In Tart's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 856 Market st. .
GENTLEMAN, expert pianist. Leipzig gradu-
ate, desires pupils; terms moderate. Address
box 749. Call office..
PRIVATE lessons In English by a lady; les-
sons to foreigners a specialty. 427 Putter st.
PIANO taught in 6 months; new.- quick
method: $;'r^ month. Box 584. Call office.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. OaSTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING* srlthmetlc. writing, gram-
mar: day, night; 15 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type
writing; terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st. .
PAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '99: 103 In '97.
LUDLUM - School •of Elocution and Dramatic
Art 928 Putter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin.
guitar and banjo. 935 Market st.. off Mason.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French,
Spanish;, new classes; ft mo. "109 Taylor st.
FISK teachers 1 agencies in 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building. <
LEGAL KOTICES. :.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. M. Henry, in the Murphy
diggings, near Volcano. Amador County, to
deposit tailings in Rancheria Creek; from
George A. . Gritton." In the Clapboard Gulch
mine, near .Volcano, Amador County, to de-
posit tailings in Putter Cre»k; from Frank J.
Ooyan. In the Cox mine, near Placerville. El
; Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a ra-
vine; from J. M. < LongneckT. In the Hull
.placer mine, near Genesee. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In a ravine, and from E.
Becker and Robert Mooney,- in the Home-
_ stake mine, near Amador • City. Amador
County, to : deposit tailings in Rancherta
("reek, gives notice that a ' meeting will -be
held at room 59. Flood building. San Fran-
Cbco. Cal., on February 7, IS3S. at 1:80 p. m.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5. $6. *7. Pi, $»,
»10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. . SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
-.Dealers, cor. Kearny and Butter sts. :*: *
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
«.(>, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. : '
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay. you to
consult us Why? Because we buy only in
carload lots, pay cash . for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farreil St.. Curtaz block.
CONOVER. slightly used. $350.
Steinway. slightly used. $275.
Chlckerlng. second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve the opportu-
nity: agency famous Halnes Bros.. Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman. Wit C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 3*l Post.
AT GARDNER A GLASSELL'S, Post St..
you will find a large and varied stock of
pianos; prices and terms as reasonable as
any house In the city.
DECKER & SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvals Music
Co.. 769 Market st.
SOHMER&Co.,' Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Brtggs and other pianos; see our rent plan:
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
SACRIFICED — Elegant upright piano; must
sell. 230 Kearny st.. room 26.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. near Hlbernla Bank.
Hop.NT'NO'B new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st.
KINGSBURY (1897 model) is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. 52S Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MLLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHT.ER &. CHASE. in OTarrell st.
HORSES.
HORSE for Bale. Inqtslre at 3900~Twenty-fourth
st., corner of Sanchez.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 115 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1803 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN £- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD of horses suitable for any business
Old Turk street Car Stable.- - 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
. wagons. 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business- buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy: also i hack. S2S Harrison st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE balance of house at 1407 Powell St., must
be sold before to-night: 1 fine walnut ward-
robe. 2 folding beds. 2 sideboards. IS Vienna
chairs, carpets. 2 lounges, 2 bedroom sets.
rugs, pool and card tables and 1 French
marble clock; at a bargain; cost >7.i, etc.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ALASKA— A large, young and powerful long-
haired dog for sale: watchman's companion
or for Klondike. MRS. HEINER. Redwood
City.
FINE ltt-year-oM St. Bernard do*! H Inches
high; weight 112: full pedigreed: a splendid
ch.-im-e tot Klondike. Rox 735. Call.
HEAVY silver American watches, all makes:
M each: cost $2». UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
25-HOnSKr<>WF:R steam engine: cheap.
DONOHUE A KEKDELL. 134 Butter st.
FOR SALK— Site: Phoenix wheel; big sacrN
flee. 131 SB Ellis st.
FOR SALE— Complete Gurley transit; nearly
new; lion. Address box fi?S. Call.
BOILERS, engines. M band machinery. Mc-
rNTOSH A- WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
PIPE. 4 to fi Inch wrought Iron; cast soil, 5 and
6 Inch and flttlngs. 2.MS Pine st.
NATIONAL ensfi register, cheap. Inquire
at meat market, 576 Howard st.
6*>™ PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. ; mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
FOR sale— Gasoline launch at a sacrifice: 23
fe»t long. S horse-power, I'nlon make. Ad-
<lr ss M M. HAAS. Napa.
ELEGANT, almost new bar fixtures, ■* . ry
cheap. IIV>3 McAllister st.
OLD buildings bought and removed at short
notice. Apply Old Bay District Track build-
ings or 829 A Ellis. J. B. FRENCH.
FINE saloon front, embossed stained glass,
nickel plate, very cheap. 116S Mission st.
BLACKSMITH' B .>ut fit for sale; also stalls to
let. II 7".. 11W Mlssl -
FINE lnrge dog for sale; for Klondike. 1133
Folsom st.
FOR Sale— Second-hand lumber, t. and g.. JS-
flooring. $10; pine. $8; Bay District track
buildings.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price: 1 and
J howl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS ft CO., 404 Battery St.
PA FES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. lift; Records. $5 per doz. ;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, hack bars, mirrors, showcases.' coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture. store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-band. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
.FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof ~«afe~
t at 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pnllevs. sha't'ng. laundry
mn.-Hnery. etc SMITH CO . S2T Mission St.
SEWING MACHINES.
WANTED— A second-hand automatic Singer
-wing machine; hand or treadle: state price
Box m, call oßtee. p
{2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented-
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CARPET [CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaninc Works- cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Msr
IS and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. "
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING-S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. ' 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Workß. 14 Bth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. ; Jessie 201
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co 420 Butter-
Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING. 3c; laying. 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 944. Btratton. 3 Eighth. ; " .
CARPETS cleaned and renovated Ilka new.
M Tenth: tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co. •
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 nth
st.; cleaning So a yard: tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beatinir works. 333 Oolden
Gate aye Telephone East 126.
i/www TEAS._ _'_■___ • '
TEAS,
20, 25, 30, 35. 40 50 per pound.
COFFEES.
10, 16. 20, 25. ' 35. '40 per ' pound.
SPICES.
RUNNING 10. 15. 20. 25. 40 per can. U8 TO
RUNNING IW> BTORES ENABLES US TO
... SELL VERY CHEAP.
. WE GIVE FRT3E
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
' "MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES. .
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
4 - _
PERSONALS.
H. Y. WITBECK will nrt~~hoTcf"hTraself ~re^
sponsible for any debts contracted by his
wife. Heine Wltbeek.
JOSEPH GOLDKUHUS, born in Germany,
painter by trade, is asked to send hU ad-
dress to4iis brother. CHRIST GOLDKUHLE.
4i:;i Michigan St.. St. Louis. Mo.
YOUNG man wishes to correspond with weal-
thy lady, who is willing to outfit hitn for
Klondike on one-half share. Address box
m. Call.
WANTED— GirIs and boys in every town to
sell the Checkerboard Puzzle; see ad. and
conditions on page 3; big money.
ANY person desirous of getting married, call
or send 10c for copy of January "Wedding
Bell," 12 pages; 442 gents. 315 ladles: no $5
required. Editor, 111 Ellis St., San Francisco.
AUTHORS, we want your stories, poems and
book MSS.; best prices; inclose stamp. Au-
thors' and Writers' Union. Chicago. 111.
MARRY?— Send for "Cupid"; the most reltable
lists; price 10c. Box 752. San Francisco.
I KNOW from long experience what style
pleases the best; halrdressing, 25c; good
switches. $1; finest, best quality. $3 50; extra
heavy. long. $5; Monday open all day, except
from 11 to 2. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
QUINONIA, the well-known hair tonic, saves
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LAI 'IKS- My monthly regulator never fails;
trial box. 10c. Mrs. Rowan. Milwaukee, Wis.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
NEW method massage; electric treatment for
nervousness, general debility; fat reduced-
Hours, 10 to 6. MRS. JOHNSON, 514\j Geary.
PRACTICAL California mining foreman desires
the acquaintance or correspondence with some
mining company; would go to Alaska. Box
659. Call office.
1000 CARDS. $1 50; 1000 bill heads. $1 90: 1000
statements, $1 90; 1000 letter heads. $2 50: 1000
envelopes, $1 90; printed first class: orders of
$6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO.. print-
ers and photo-engravers, 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDORY*S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10, 1000 capsules $90. Address
DR. V. CONDORT,
983 Howard st.
PROF. J. GREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public In their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. 1898. Miss
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
ONLY the best of expert artists employed here;
fine work for 23c; good switches, $1; finest,
best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $o; :
open Sundays from 9 to 12 a. m. G. LEDE-
RER. 11l Stockton st.
BIG outdoor stereopticon show every night cor- !
ncr Market and Sixth gts. ; artistic advertise-
ments In living light; promoters of business.
OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; i
free hus and baggage to and from th.> firry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse;
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement; :
ladles, gents. 906 Market St.. room 25, 2d floor, j
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. :
_JlOWE._att-at-law. 850 Market cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 835 Clay St.. 8 F.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
I.KMOR. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA hair tonic: a preparation unsur-
passed; JBc. O. LEDERER. 11l Stn,-kton st.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NBU-
HAUS A CO.. tailors. 115 Keirny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRP. DR. WELCH. 2115 Rush
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh st—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING — Suits. $2 50; children's
suits a specialty. 1231 Market st, room 5.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm <«.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rm- ■ A- 26. UM Market, opp. fith.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight;
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 50c;
gents $1: palm. & clalrv.; sit. $150. 12S Turk.
KKMi >VKn- Mme. Lenemar tells fortunes by
pin nets: prd'td "74" steamer on Island. 23 1 *
Sixth, room «.
MMX LX NORMAXT.K: clairvoyant. caroS
r"»dpr. magnetic treatment: hours 10 to 4.
401 L«=avenworth st.
MMX. VAN PE VKRE returned; card reader
and magnetic healer. 1007 Market St.. room 6.
CONSULT th» tacky median and card-readerT
nlv tSc. 41 Minna St.. basement.
MMX JOSIIE TAYLOR, card reader and genu^
me magnetlst. 223 Post st.. room 11. 2d floor.
MMX WOODS, card reader. mind reader.
magnetic charms. Ml Post St., room S.
MME MORE AT', test medium. clairvoyant
card rer. *er: 25c pp. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MRS FAIRBANKS. clairvoyant~and palmist •
readings 25c and Roo. Room 1. 10S Sixth st.
MME. MABEL HALL, card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission St., room 10.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium-
sittings dally. 123H Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-First in her^pro^
T»«*Ma; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
MISS LOLA M STZYENB. card-readlnp and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 128 Seventh St.. second floor.
RAY FAlR— Card reader: magnetic heallng~a
speeOUU 223 Post St.. room 2.
MMX. LINDEN, card reader and magnetlst.
has returned: charms. 126 Fourth st.. room 23.
Miss LTTFH LAGtTKD, card reader ami r— *"l-
Ist, 214 O'Farrell Ft., rooms 2 and ?<..
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant an¥
water render 921U Mission rt.. opr. Mint.
MME. ZINELLA. the busin»ss~ medium and
astrologer. Room 12. ioo Grant aye.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
Ings 2Sr- this week: satisfaction gar'td. 26 «th.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; futurtThus^
band's picture 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSEN. palmist. card-wrlter7^>ast~
present and future: 25c 14S Sixth, room 5.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist Rl9 Kddv. 9toV P. M.
MIPS EDNA V. GRANT, "m'lnd reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor st.. room 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
ndvlce: names riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth «t.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. MAYO STEERS^ imT"'o^kr~c^c7^
Tues. 8 p.m.. Thurs. 2 p.m.: 25c: readings $1. i
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate- writer: de-
veloplng circle Wednesday eve. US Halght st. .
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium; circle !
Tues.. 8 p. m.. 25c: readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
— .' v ' '"*'*• '""' a^vjeo ?i< St.,,.yt.^n «t
LODGING lIOIjTiKS FOR SALE."
ISO-room hotel; 100 boarders?rrr~ $10m0OO
14-room house, on Post ."."..." 'coo !
3-room. for housekeeping ita
34-room house, new !!!!!!!!!! 16*)
100-room house; fine corner !.!! •--••
27-room house on Post st igOA j
24-room house near Call office... ! " 500
34 rooms, fine corner [ ' '' • I ' , ¥l
■ rooms, corner, the very best...! ••-•-•• •
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St.. only....!!!!!!!! 'eM
IOS-room hotel, only .- !!!!!!!"" 6!W»
16 rooms, on Market, part offices!!!!!!!!!! 850
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye., rent $40. .. 600
12 rooms, central. good furniture 250 i
H. C. DECKER.- 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
FOR SALE — Coso Lodging housed 411 Baa-
■ some st.
24 ROOMS: elegant location; clears $150 month: :
rare bargatn. Address Down-town, box 6i3. !
Call office. . ■ . , • .
STORAGE.
AT low , rates— Furniture? carpets! pianos."
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. , NOONAN. 1017 to 103 '
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof . building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint -1831.
1 TYfEWRITEns.
REMINGTOIf ~NoT~?r"nn^ order; " $25~- " sample
Beat. SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
NOTICE^STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny St., will
sell your business quick for cash.
Look "at our bargains: Wood and coal yard. $650
• Ccffee lunch parlor. 325 Branch baky, 3 rms 125
Corner saloon $350 Liquor store 1100
1 Grocery and bar 325 Cigar store, snap... 200
! To buy or sell see STRAND & CO. 23 Kearny.
•1200^-WOOD coal, feed store; good bargain.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
$1700— Cor. grocery and bar; \v estern Addition.
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain*
and other good bargains at «_»___._
ANDERSON &. WINN'S. 777 Market Bt
$500— CORNER liquor store; very best loca-
tion: will sacrifice account departure; sure
bargain: make offer. ARMSTRONG. 86o*
Market st. _________________
$1000— GROCERY and bar: fine location.
$750— Restaurant doing good business.
ICSO— Lodging house; best location.
$125— Branch bakery near Market st.
j See ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, 865^. Market.
: GRAND opportunity for the right man as a
partner, with $2000 to $4000, to take control of
very profitable business: strictest investiga-
tion solicited; particulars given on personal
interview; part coin can remain If so re-
quired: no agents. Box 748. Call office.
\ FOR SALE— A part or whole interest in a
group of 6 mines: good mill, water and wood:
plenty good climate. Address CHARLES
PHELPS. 423 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles, CaJ.
PARTNER with capital wanted by 2 experi-
enced mechanics, to establish a smal plan-
ing mill in Dawson City, Alaska; best of
i references given. Address box 75<\ Call.
: INTEREST In soap factory or will sell the
whole; small capital required; growing
trade: apply by letter making appointment.
i Address box 744. Call Office.
I YOU don't need Klondike— s6oo buys Interest In
lucrative business, with prospect of Increase:
call personally. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l
Ellis st., city.
SEVEN acre fruit ranch for rent: stock and
Improvements for sale: everything complete
for poultry raising. Peralta aye.. end of
Hopkins st.. Diamond. Frultvale.
PATENTS— Send for "Hints on Inventing."
EDGAR TATE & CO., Patent Solicitors, MS
Broadway. New York.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. 865*4 Market
st., will sell your business quick for cash.
BRANCH bakery, candy and notions: living
rooms; good business; cheap. 227 Ninth st
SALOON for sale: $100; southeast corner Tenth
and Howard sts; Klondike fever.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE, 908
Broadway. Oakland.
$600 — Bakery and coffee saloon: good business
street; the fixtures cost $2000: this ts the
greatest bargain In the city to any one or
two men who understand the business.
Ct'RRAN & CO., 30 Kearny St.
$4000— A chance of a lifetime: one of the finest
fitted up saloonß and family resort In this
city for sale: fine located corner: low rent
and long lease; owner mast leave town to
settle up estate. Address box 6F6. Call.
A — JfiOO; saloon and restaurant; opposite depott
terminus 2 car lines; doing rushing business;
living and club rooms; rent $40: best misi-
ness opening In marxet. Inquire WIE-
I.ANDS BREWERY.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a week
nn $100 capital: no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market st, S. F.
CORNER saloon, good location, south of Mar-
ket st.; good stock and nice fixtures; side
rooms, etc. : very reasonable. Box 6M, Call.
BLACKSMITH'S tools and stock for salet
shop to let. Apply at 1129 Alabama st ; no
reasonable offer refused: must be sold.
OLD - ESTABLISHED grocery and saloon:
good business; lease If required, or can buy
property. Apply this office.
$100 WILL buy a fine drinking saloon, with
! stock and fixtures. Inquire - 637 Clay st.
CORNER grocery: best location In the city.
Box 688, Call Office.
WANTED— Reliable lady with $500 for half ln-
terest In wholesale and retail business; Im-
mense returns: to look after city depart-
ment. Box 678. Call office.
A BARGAIN— Meat market and sausage fac-
tory: large trade: everything complete; party
leaving city. 1612 Seventh st., Alameda.
BAKERY, doing fine store trade; best ar-
ranged shop in city; or will rent to respon-
sible party. 3023 Sacramento st.
l FURNISHED country hotel, 50 rooms, good
will and stock; will be sold $400 at one*.
Apply W. J. V., Russ House.
HOME bakery and delicacy store cheap; good
reasons for selling: rent $16. 420 Turk st.
$400— RESTAURANT and oyster house: rare
. chance. Inquire ANDERSON, 34 Sixth st.
$300— WELL established bakery; good location
3 living rooms: rent $30. Inquire at Call office.
TOWNSEND ST.. 202. near Third— res-
taurant for sale; a rare chance for man and
wife. .
MAN. as partner; commission business In tha
city. 1015 Market St., room 17. second floor.
j LA ESTRELLA Mining and Milling Company
is prepared to sell a limited number of shares
at 50c per share: cash or installments: sea
our specimens in Tuolumne County exhibit at
the Miners' Fair, and send for prospectus and
particulars to La Estrella Mining and Mill-
ing Company, box 398, Sonora, Tuolumna
County, Cal.
A GOOD chance for a live theatrical man; I
hold a 2 years' lease on the Jefferson Theater.
Seattle, Wash., and will either take partner
or sell. Address E. B. FRIEND, manager
Jefferson Theater, Seattle, Wash.
FINE grocery and saloon; doing a large bar
business: transfer corner: located on Junc-
tion of car line. Inquire at grocery store,
northeast corner of Eighteenth and Valencia.
GOOD CHANCE— NeatIy fitted up restaurant
for sale: doing good business: in the heart of
_ gsirffi 'cCklnr.'d" to see thiS - APPIy at '"
PATENTS. '• " — ~ :
SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Patent Agents:
established 1862. 319 Pine st., city. " ' aol>
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9-30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
WANTED— To buy half or whole butcher bust-
ness in country: state particulars. Address
box 624, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches] diamonds jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BRANCH bakery, stationery, lunch business
for sale. 415 Stockton st.
FOR SALE or Barber-shop: best stand
- in San Francisco. Inquire 52 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT doing good business for sale.
626 Washington St.. in saloon; no agents.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin: suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
ALA X A ENTERPRISES. \ |
ONLY one agency— It having come to our
knowledge that certain persons in this city
have been receiving deposits In exchange
for a guarantee of nassace to Dyea and
Skaguay en the steamship Humbolrit we here-
. by warn Intending purchasers of tickets that
we are the sole agents of this steamship In
San Francisco and that no authority has
been given by us to any other firm or In-
dividual to act on our behalf.
M. KALISH & CO.. 317 California st.
AMONG the thousands who will leave for the
gold fields of the north hundreds . are look-
ing for some I responsible firm • with which
they can leave their furniture and other
goods; to moot an emergency of this kind
O. M. ■ JUDSOX & CO. have recently erect-
ed .an extensive storage warehouse ' a 1123
Howard st. and offer low rates with Insur-
ance free. .. -._„ v<
— — __^_
ALASKA Caisson Mining and Trading Com-
pany; office No. 37 Crocker bid.. S F — The
company proposes river mining for gold in
Yukon River by means of superior invention
to establish sawmills and machine shops and
Work with great profit in other directions
Call or write: full particulars. Shares, $10. '
THOSE desiring to Join the party of 23 men
going to a certain location in Alaska, where
gold abounds, call Sunday. 23d inst.. at 10
a. m.. Nt the office of 8180, NEWMAN A-
IKKNRF.RO. cor. Polk and California sts.7
a deposit of $000 required, insuring share In
vessel, steam launch, boats and a two
years- outfit and supplies.
1 EXPERIENCED will give .lady or
gentleman partnei* $1000 mortgage -having
several months to mature, drawing 10 pc?
cent Interest, and one-third of all thc-v m»V«
for $1000 to 50 to Klondike; references Ad-
dress box 743, Call office. .
-'- — ' ■ — — ■ -
2 HARDY young Scotchmen, holding good do-
sltlons in English vessel, would like to en £
K'.ond.ke if they could meet person car>-
Ital willing to back them. Box 756, Call office.
A FORTUNE to be made— A. returned Klon-
diker wants a practical partner with $1000
to invest in a- legitimate Alaskan scheme?
references exchanged. Box 699,, Call Office!
1 MKN .as^ partners for mutual aid: location
. _^"a..' 1l> AX.,, p e^iT°" ha^
ATTORXKVs AT~LAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty fprivate;
no fee 'Without success; collections. O. W
■ HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn!
A wTw E DA^DSONr h BUCCeB ' £ttLCITY REiL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. ""'
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery at.
A SPLENDID WESTERN ADDITION COR-
NER INVESTMENT.
$15,000— Rents $1500 per annum; 4 substantial
•-story and basement houses of 8 rooms and
bath each: brick foundation; all modern Im-
provement*; both streets accepted; 87x82:6;
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY
I4,uoo— Clay st.; substantial 3-story and
basement brick building; 30x55:6.
.„ OWNER GOING TO EUROPE.
$12.500 — and basement, modern resi-
dence of 10 rooms, 2 baths, etc.; 25x137:6; Post
at., but a short distance from Market; $8000
can remain on mortgage.
GOOD WESTERN _ ADDITION INVEST-
MENT.
$7250—3 substantial modern flats of 6. 5. and
4 rooms and bath each: rent? about $SOO per
annum; 25x87:6; street accepted.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$5750— Rents $670 per annum: 2 elegant near-
ly new modern flats of 6 and 5 i rooms and
bath each; 27:6x106:3; Steiner st.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$oCoo— Green St.; nice 2-story -Window
residence of 7 rooms and bath, laundry etc •
27:6x72; commands grand and unobstructed
marine views. --"..-.
A SACRIFICE AT NORTH BEACH.
$4250— take less; must be sold; 4 flats
renting for $45 per month; 22:6x90; running to
rear street.
NICE HOME— MISSION WARM BELT
$4200— An elegant modern house of 10 rooms
and bath; stable, driveway, etc.; bay-win-
dows, brick foundation, etc.; stone sidewalks
nice garden; 44x125.
...COTTAGE ON GEARY STREET.
$j6oO— Cottage of 4 rooms, and lot running
through to rear street; both streets accepted-
OCtAVill St.
. majUL ELEGANT CORNER LOT. \
$3GW— Elegant boulevard corner residence lot
on Baker St.; 37:6x96:10; this is a snap.
WESTERN ADDITION-EASY TERMS.
J3350-Pine st. ; nice 2-story bay-window
residence of S rooms and bath, etc.; street ac-
cepted by the city; very nice location.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$3r«X>— Rents $JOO per annum: 2 substantial
flats of E rooms and bath each; stone side-
walk: street accepted : $1800 can remain at
fl 1 -? per cent per annum if desired: 266x76-6-
well located in the Mission warm belt.
2 FLATS— A BARGAIN.
-WWO-Rentji $3Sfi per annum; 2 substantial
flats only 4 years old: bay-windows, brick
foundation, etc: near 24th St.; handy to sev-
eral lines of cars.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT
F2soo— Rents (SM j,e r annum; 2 flat? of 4
rooms eaf-h: 25x88:6; Green st. ; near several
lines of cars: always rented; street accepted.
CHEAP Sm-THSIDE BUILDING LOT.
$loO(>— Clara st.: 20x80; good lot for 4 small
tenements; street accepted.
CHEAP LOT ON CAPP STREET.
$1450— Capp St.. near 16th; 25x75; street ac-
cepted: stone sidewalk laid.
3 RICHMOND LOTS- kCUST BE SOLD.
$1400— Goorl speculation at this price: we In-
vite an offer for 3 lota 25x120 each; Williamson
et., near Geary; street graded, macadamized
and sewered.
rnzy MISSION- HOME.
$13<w— About 5 minutes' walk frim Mission-
St. electric cars; cozy, nearly new bay-win-
dow cottage; 35x100; only 3 years uld; a small
amount cash; balance same as rent.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOT.
*linn— A flne bargain: 27:6x110: street ac-
cepted: on line of electric road; flne location
for flats: this is a
r-HEAP HOME.
jjytA—Cozy cottage: 25x70: street sewered and
macadamized; only 5 minutes' walk from i
Mission or Valencia st. cars.
r all and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
c in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & St >NNTAG.
Rea! Estate Agents.
6 rented, rents collected and full charge
taker, of property.
C 24 Market Street.
$15.000— Sacramento st.. near Devisadero;
lot 23x127 :5-4: 3 elegant new flats of 8 rooms
and bath each: renting 1117 50 per month:
street bituminUed; stone sidewalk, etc; a
fine investment.
$3250— Stanyan St.. near 17th; lot 25x139 feet,
with 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath: must
be sold
$5750— Fulton st., near Scott; lot 25x137:6 feet.
with fine house of S rooms and bath; mod-
. em In every respect. . •
$2400 — Lot en Page st., near Shrader; size
• 25x137:6 feet; lot ready to build on.
$7500— Vallejo St.. npfir Laguna; lot 22:10 x
107:6 feet; fine resilience of 10 rooms and
bath: house 3 years Old; mortgage $4800 can
remain.
14250— st., near Castro; lot 25x114 feet,
with house of 9 rooms and bath; is offered at
a bargain.
$12, 5 A0 — Dolores St., near 23d: lot 61:6x117
feet, with 6 new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
. bath each: rents $120 per month.
$4Cift— l3th st.. near Folsom; 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $31 per
month.
$11,000— Butter st. near Polk; store and upper
flat, renting $300 per annum; lot 22:6x70 feet
$32"0— 22 d St., near- Castro; lot 25x114 feet,
with elegant 2-story house 7 rooms and bath;
modern in every respect; beautifully decor-
ated, and for sale cheap.
■ For further list apply to
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
i 624 Market st.
BUY A LOT ~
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
$5 A MONTH. $3 A MONTH.
As a special offering we will sell a few of the
choicest lots in the Heyman Tract for
1390 EACH. $300 EACH.
Lots are finely situated, commanding grand
view of the city.
They are level and ready to build on. Buy
no-*-; they will soon be gone.
Take Mission st. cars: transfer to 22d at.
can; ride to Hoffman aye. Ask for Jas. A.
■ r He win show you around.
JACOR HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st., Owner.
• better Investment* For $1
down and Jl a week we will sell you the
choice of 30 lots near Golden Gate Park; only
J; 0 each electric road loon to pass these
■ ■ '.'!'. HEVMA.V, 11 Montgomery St.
$r.r> and upward— Building lots close to car
lines; $5 monthly. JA''OB HETMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
f wa an.l JTH 3r, monthly will bay a new
t-room and Ktth cottape. convenient to cars; |
(rood neighborhood; E already sold. JACOB
HETMAN, 11 Montgomery st. 1
BMAXXi payment down; balance equal to rent;
new modern .-.-room and bath cottage, porce^
lufn tubs, 2 mantels: lot 2-lxllR: all modern
improvements: 1 block from electric road- a '
bargain. JACOB HETMAN, U Montgomery. I
BPECIAXi NOTI<
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT
$12'"'O, JI7WI, $ISOO, $22(10, $2f>(«l, (3600.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the mnrk"t cor non-payment
of Installments, and they are now off-red at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They 'ontuln
- and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
We are jroirg to we<?d them out, and invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Pay Ft Station. Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Op*>n Sundays and Holidays.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
LOOK OUT FOR US. I
WE ARE BOOMING RICHMOND.
\ NK'V RICHMOND IN THE FIELD.
$40,000 wll! be expended by as in the next SO
dfiys on ?lxth. Seventh and Eighth ayes. In
lovely homes of 6, 1 and 8 rooms, and sold on
the installment plan.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Thp LarpeFt Firm of Home Builders on the
Pacific, Toast.
For terms and prices ptep in and see them at
their main office, 62S Market st., opp. Palace
]]■ •• ■!. or 1224 Point Lobos aye., near the Car
W. Jl CRIM & CO.,
US MONTGOMERY ST.
Cheap lots for sale by Crim & Co., 118 Mont-
gomery Bt. :
$11 '"i- -Harrison, nr. 22d : 2">xlOO; on grade.
Treat aye.. nr. 24th st. ; 26x122:6.
1700 — 12th aye., nr. I St.; street sewered and
macadam \tl"<\.
11050—Alabama St., nr. 22d: 26x100.
$- 24th, nr. Alabama; 25x104; street ac-
cepted.
tfino— Laidley, nr. Koanoke; 60x100; only $200
ca«h n< ■
I . ror that eJes tot lot on Webster,
near I'acific aye.; size 4fixllO.
11480— Neat cottaKC of 4 rooms and bath
in the Mlf-Hion; one-fifth cash; lot 50x100.
ENGLISH A MORRISBT, f» Market Bt.
FOUR room cottage and lot In East Oakland,
$a 0; cars pass. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market st.. S. F. (or D. Pratt, Fruitvale Sta-
tion, to-day).
4-ROOM, hard-flnlßhed nice new cottages. $1150,
including lot; all ready to move into; part
caßh. THE MCCARTHY CO., <MC Market st.
HOTEL for sale, In a thriving town, within
one hour's Journey of the city; containing 50
rooms, bath, etc. ; modern brick building on
low lease; new furniture for sale; low price;
easy terms; good paying trade; bar about $20
per day. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE &
CO.. 638 Market Bt.
CITY REAL ESTATE. }
M «Sw?^ ABURKBTRitI Eslate Agents; i
established ISSS; C 26 Market st. v*
Mn*£? ra ! bu , Blness investments, from $40,000 to
for^artlculi? 8 ! ntOWa property: call at offlce 1
] ? T^°^?if- Kant residence, 7 rooms and bath; !
lot 34.10x117; on west side Howard, near 2Jth.
Grand corner— Van Ness aye. and McAllister
ft.; »<ixl2o. with Improvements; must be sold.
,, F v?- L very low -Only $5500 for 2 large flats
on Webster st., near Sacramento; 25x90:6.
Down-town investment— Bush st., between
VZ?P^S mer> ' and amy; 3-story building; lot
34:4x112:6; make an offer.
$13,000— Land alone worth the money; Bush,
near Devisadero; lot 103:6x137:6.
To close an Southwest corner Six-
teenth and Hardy sts.; store and flats; renting
for $18; lot 30xS5; price $7500; make offer. |
$4500 — Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5500— Shotwell st., near Twenty-third; 3 flats;
well rented; in perfect condition; lot 25x97;6. j
$2700— Church st., near Twenty-first; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 26x120.
$2500— Prospect place, near Sacramento; rents
$28 per month; lot 30x60.
$2000— House and large stable; Twenty-fifth
St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
$1050— Cottage and lot, 326 Virginia aye., near
Mission st.; large lot.
$3000— Rents $24; Perry St.. near 4th; lot 25x50. 1
$3500— $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25x)>0.
Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
convenient to Castro-st. cable; all modern con-
veniences; elegant bathroom, pantry, large
closets; a perfect gem: $3250; easy terms can
be arranged; call at offlce.
We have a large list of cottages at less than j
cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso- j
ciations; call at office for permit to inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY,
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.. 1 block '
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
$7500— 16 th. bet. Sanchez and Noe; 50x103:6.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust sts.;
37:6x107:7.
$4000— Golden Gate aye., near Broderick St.;
33:4x137:6.
Residence: corner lot; NE cor. of Bush and
Lyon sts.; 25x100; price $3000; make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x78:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
— Corner Lombard and Octavia: 46:6x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— 15 th St.. west of Diamond: 80x114.
$I*oo— St.. near Webster; 25x100.
$1750 Golden Gate aye., nr. Central* 25x100.
Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
— Fourth aye., near Point Loboa; 25x120.
California St., "near Twelfth aye.; 25x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
JOHN PFORR. 329 Montgomery st., oppo-
site Safe Deposit building.
$16,000, reduced from $20,000— Rent $160; a
24-story apartment house of 42 rooms; 6 baths;
only 4 years built; lot of 2 corners, 44x97 feet.
-Splendid modern-built double flat, of 7
and 8 rooms and baths; lot 27:6x137:6; rent
$S2 80.
$15,500— Fine McAllister-st. property; rent
1130; 2 stores below; 2 flats upstairs and large
lot; best business portion of the street.
$4000— Howard st., near Second; lot 25x55; old
Improvements; rent $37.
$15,000— Downtown business property: rent
$170; 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs. 1
At a reduction to $5i50 from $6500, rent $60,
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; lot 28x125 feet to rear
street; on Geary st., near Devisadero.
At a reduction to $6150; rent $47; a business
property: fine 3-story house on Geary St.,
one block from Flllmore; store and rooms be-
low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
over 9 per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner,
paying good rent, and is sure to Improve to
$50,000.
Reduced to $5500 from $12,500— Howard St.,
near 6th; 2 2-story and basement houses of 8
rooms and bath each; lot 37:6x87:6; rent $60
$5000— Fronting on the Panhandle Park;
lovely house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100
$2400— Rents $25; double flat of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath, nr. 6th and Bryant st». ; nothing
better In the city.
Only a few days more and the chance to buy
that fine property of 130 feet on Guerrero st. by
225 feet back to 2d aye. and 200 feet on 2d aye.,
between 15th and 16th sts.. with the 12 ele-
gant flats and factory will be withdrawn.
Reduced to $4000 from $6000; 2-story and base-
ment brick house on a principal street 4 blocks
from Market st. ; 25xS0; rent $35.
Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
on Installments very cheap.
At $1600— Lot 24x100 feet, on 17th street, a few-
doors west from Folsom street, with a stable
UNIMPROVED.
$550— Noe st., near Thirtieth. 30x112.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore.
ISOO— Noe st— near Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
Roor "A," First Floor, Crocker Building.
•HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $150 to $250— Level lots to build on, near
Mission st. electric cars; only $5 monthly
__ SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$350, $400, $450 to Graded lots and
streets: splendid view of park; $25 down and
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $450 to $Soo— Choicest building lots In
Richmond: perfect bargains; buy now; easy
Installments. SOL GETZ & BROTHER. j
$1400— Corner 25x120; splendid 4-room cottage
and basement: on Fifteenth aye., near Clement
st. ; easy terms.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT
324 MONTGOMERY ST
i FOR SALE. .
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. ; close to' electric road.
$5000 — Good corner .for store; must be sold"
lot 52:4x60 feet.
$6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
. 60-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
st. ; 109x95 feet.
PROPERTY for sale and to let. all parts of
city and country. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO., Real Estate, Ins. Brokers, 1709 Mkt.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms. ■ bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room,, sink . tiled. fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to date: must be seen to
he appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission St., to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m. : take Mlsslon-st. cars to Cortland ay.
BARGAlN— Handsome 2-story, 6-room cottage;
very sunny; fine view; 1114 Green st.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
$650 "WILL build 4-room cottage complete'
will call. GEO. M SALSBURY, builder. 621
X St., Sunset District.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500: 1 block from Mls-
sion cars; $16 monthly. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate: 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate In probate, life insurance, goods In
•warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth-
tel. South 14. . -r t •;
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry I
Etoro. 94S Market St.: tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 6^i per cent:
also on second mortgages: life insurance and
real estate In probate: any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co.. r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building. I
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission: lowest interest: part payments
received; money quick and confidential. 1170
Market Ft., room C.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds; low Inters t;
perfect secrecy; private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; talk Red 1121; established 1869.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party; BOHIELU, 402 Geary st.
• — — ~— — — — — — " i
ON furniture, pianos; no commission: low
rates; private. . SCRIBNER. 7 City Hall Sq.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st. ■
$50 TO $."0,000: lowest rotes: Ist and 1 1 mortqr. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: l«t and M mort-
gageo. estates, etc. MURPHY. 623 Mkt st
On pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
- rater; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
10 STXTH— Moat reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
A WEEK'S news for- 5 cents— The- Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
FINANCIAL. ;<;
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery St.— Loans on life
■". Insurance . policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estnte. bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
THE SAX FB AX CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
CITY UEAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, ~*~"~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
A pretty cottage; sacrificed; $2600: terms to
suit; Clement St.. nr. Fourth aye; contains 5
rooms and bath : this property cost the bank
$2800. but they want to realize.
$2000— Biggest bargain ever offered; Church
st., nr. Twenty-fifth; good story-and-a-half
residence of 5 rooms and bath; high basement,
'which could be turned into a store; lot 2SxSS.
$4600 — Pays $420 net per year; no water: no re-
pairs; great bargain; on Harrison st., nr.
Main; large lot; rent can be increased.
$3100— Assessed for over $3200; house cost
$3500 to build; Jersey st., close to Castro and
Twenty-fourth st. cars; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x114: rents $31.
$3600 — A -great bargain: Treat aye.. . nr.
Twenty-first st. : 2 bay-window flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; rent $33; mortgage can
stand.
Corner of Castro and Jersey sts. ; lot
30x114; cottage of 4 rooms on rear of lot: Caa-
tro-st. frontage vacant; good business corner.
$5750 — offer wanted; best portion of
Leavenworth st. ; handsome 2-story bay-window
residence of 8 rooms; for sale on easy terms.
$12,000— An offer wanted: handsome new
modern residence of 14 rooms and all modern
conveniences Gough st : corner.
$1900— Make an offer; cheap lot on west side
of Baker st., nr. McAllister; 25x121:10^.
$4500— Hayes st., nr. Laruna: lot 27:6x120,
through to Linden aye.: both streets accepted:
Hayes-st. frontage unimproved, and ! flats on
Linden aye. rented for $21.
$4500— wanted; rent $45; new flats of 5
and 6 rooms, bath, etc., on Ridley st., nr.
Scott; lot 25x115.
$12,000— O'Farrell st., nr. Taylor: store and
flat above, etc.; good repair; lot 25x120 to rear
street; stable on rear street.
A BARGAIN.
$4000 only— flats and stable on Bryant
St.. bet. Third and Fourth; rent $50.
$Sooo— Rent $85: Natoma St.. nr. Sixth; lot
25x75. with 3-story building, containing store
and 4 flats above of 4 rooms each; all rented.
A SNAP.
$3500— $50; Natoma st.. not far from
Sixth st.; lot 25x75: Improvements consist of
3-story building containing flats.
$4000— Within one block of the City Hall: a
splendid buy: 2-story house of 9 rooms; also
stable in rear; lot 25x70: rent $36.
$3000— Rent $26; 2 flats on Castro 6t.. nr.
Twenty-flfth: lot 25xS0; flats containing 4 and
5 rooms and bath each: this is a splendid offer.
MODERN FLATS— EXCHANGE.
$12.000— Mortgage $6000: corner on Pacific
Heights, facing Alta Plaza; will take vacant
lots for equity.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS ON HYDE ST.
$1250 each— Hyde st., nr. Bay: 4 lots, each
25x105: fine- marine view; Callfornla-st. cars
pass the property.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
2<£oOO~ACRES !! " " """ '"'" " "*""'" ~~~~
26,000 ACRES ! !
A MAGNIFICENT CATTLE RANGE.
A MAGNIFICENT CATTLE RANGE.
Flanking Capay Valley, the well known
early fruit center in Yolo County. We offer
for sale five separate adjoinnig cattle or sheep
ranches, aggregating 26,580 acres of land. To
be sold as a whole or singly, at from $» 25 to
$4 per acre. These ranches possess all the
necessary requisites for a grand cattle or sheep
range, having well watered, open and timbered
lands; growing in abundance the natural
grasses. Not having been pastured for a year
or two. they are In fine condition. They were
taken in for the mortgage by the Bank of
Woodland, and are offered at less than the
foreclosure price.
This bank also controls some of the best
FRUIT and GRAIN LANDS in Capay Valley
and in other desirable locations in the State,
which we are offering at very low prices.
FROM $2 TO $40 PER ACRE.
Call or send and get a catalogue of these
lands, with price list.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
IN SUBDIVISIONS ! I
IN SUBDIVISIONS ■ I
AT ASSESSED VALUE ! !
AT ASSESSED VALUE ! !
A grand opportunity— We offer for sale .Wo
acres of the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased)
in subdivisions, at exactly the County Asses-
sor's valuation. There Is no better land in the
State for GRAIN. FRUIT. VEGETABLES and
ALFALFA. It lies on the Merced River, on
the line of the proposed Merced and Yosemlte
Valley Railroad, and has unsurpassed possi-
bilities for supplying the great mountain and
Toeemtta .Valley trade with fruit, vegetables
and dairy products. JUst think of It.
In plats of 35 acres and upward.
At prices of from $3 to $20 per acre.
Write now for particulars to
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
GEO. A. RAYMOND, Real Estate, 210 San-
some st.
The following properties are all flrst-class.
Moi-t are very decided bargains. Send for
particulars.
$20,000— Placer Co.; 154 acres fine land; 62 acres
bearing orchard; buildings and improve-
ments very fine; property Is very produc-
tive; is offered at less than half Its cost;
easy term«.
$8500— Placer Co.; 27 acres; beautifully situ-
ated; 20 acres full-bearing fruit; fine Im-
provements; a charming home and pay-
ing property: teams, wagons, tools, etc.
$6600— V) acres; Placer Co.; 12 acres full-bearing
fruit; good improvements; teams, wagon,
tools, etc.
$2600—32 acres; Placer Co.; 8 acres bearing
fruit; good Improvements: 2 horses.
Sonoma Co., near Santa Rosa: 12 1-3
acres, all in bearing; fruit; nice house: 6
rooms and bath: good barn and other im-
provements; a paying property; very easy
terms.
$10,000—40 acres full-bearing orchard at Mer-
ced; a splendid property; owner resides in
- the East and is anxious to sell, as he can-
not give it proper attention; an offer Is in
order; will sell whole or half on easy terms,
or will exchange for property In lowa, Illi-
nois, Indiana or Ohio: this is a fine chance
for an Eastern farmer who desires to sell
out and settle In California.
Sonoma Co.; 39 miles from San Fran-
cisco; on two R. R. lines; 181 acres rich
land; over 100 acres in full-bearing trees
and vines; very productive; net fruit sales
In 1897 over $6100; In good years would dou-
ble that; fine buildings; everything com-
plete to operate the ranch: very easy terms;
would 'accept Improved cJty property In
part payment.
Buy grain land where It is cheap and crops
are sure, rain or no rain. Level land In
the San Joaquln Valley; easy haul to the
new railroad; surest, cheapest and most In-
dependent system of Irrigation In the State;
only $10 to $15 per acre; easy terms.
GEO. A. RAYMOND, Real Estate, -
210 Montgomery St.
SWEENY RANCH. "
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the . celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny In tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vege-
tables; plenty of water; this property imme- ;
diately adjoins Redwood City and Is only one
hour's ride from San Francisco; suitable for
small home farms; prices below all former
quotations and ut>on unusually easy terms.
For particular? cull or address
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
" 638 Market St., San Francisco.
Or our. branch offlce at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES. '
Especially adapted to > raising decid-idus
fruits and vegetables: we have a few choice
subdivisions of 10 to 20 acres each in the New-
hall & Wine tract, which we offer at extremely
low prices and on very easy terms; small cash
payment: balance monthly: one and a half
miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars to
BASTON., ELDRIDGE * CO..
CSS Market St.. San Franclscc.
Or WOOSTER « WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara St.. San Jose.
$650—7 acres near Petaluma; cottage, stable,
3 chicken-houses, horse, cart, furniture, tools
*v.rt Implements.
$2700—40 acres; Santa Cruz Co.: 12 acres vines.
8 acres fruit;, fine trout stream: plenty of
wood: 2-story house, packing-house, barn,
etc.: farm' tools.
$10.000— Paying investment; fine fruit ranch,
renting for $2100 a year.
$1250—11 acres at Vacavllle: all in fruit;
house., chicken-houses: farm tools. • ■
Many other choice bargains; call or Bend for
list. GAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny st.
$950—40 ACRES, Lake County. near Highland
Springs: 9 acres bearing orchard: 4 acres In
vineyard; 5- room, house: large barn, etc."
abundance of fine water.
$1600—100 acres. Lake County: all rich, black
soil: fine, large residence; barn and outbuild-
ings; family orchard: running water
C. F. MOORE. MS Market St.. room 4.
SPLENDID orchard property paying a good
Income; 150 acres of trees in full bearing;
good dwelling and -brick fruit-house; eouip-
ments complete; for pale at a bargain. Price
and terms from H. FRANCIS, 70 Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
FORTY acres near . San Francisco: many
houses, barns, artesian wills, chicken-houses
shade trees, fruit trees; near railroad sta-
tion and sugar beet factory; price cut. Ad-
dress A. T.. 832 Sutler St., San Francisco.
$5 DOWN, $5 monthly, no Interest, no taxes,
for fine 10-ecre tracts near Auburn. Placer
Co. : over 750 acres sold. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st. ; "
COI'NTRV REAL ESTATE— Continued
'■5. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dept.
14 Montgomery street.
$1000— .SO acres near Highland Springs, Lake
County; 15 acres in orchard, with nice cottage
and other buildings, handsomely Improved,
with plenty of water, good fishing and hunt-
ing; a bargain.
$1200—26 acres near Martinez, with vineyard
and orchard and good veretable. grain and
sugar beet land: good house and barn and
some stock and tools.
$2000—10 acres at Los Gatos; all out In '
prunes, apricots and peaches: no house.
$8500—17 acres 2<* miles from Hay wards; 8
acres In orchard, with nice cottage and good
Improvements; beautiful place; would ex-
change.
$4000—37 acres bearing wine vineyard at Llv-
ermore, with Improvements; would exchange.
Exchange— l 7 acres just outside town limits
of Hay wards; all out in orchard: fine im-
provements; a profitable income place. ,
Call or aend for our now circular.
TO RENT— SI7S per year, fruit ranch in Placer
County; clears $1200 per year. Rancher, box j
746, Call office.
SUMMER iM.apling-house and ranch. Sierra
Nevada Mountains. A. J. INGALLS, Chi-
cago Park, Nevada County. Cal. j
$8500— Ranch. 93 acres; improved: house of 4 ■
rooms; new barn: Implements: 50 acres fruit
and grain, balance good rolling pasture; 3
miles from Santa Cruz, on county road; $2000
cash: balance easy terms; exchange for San
Francisoo property. Inquire 78 Rausch st.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on S and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every- Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
HOUSE of 9 rooms: modern: yard 150 by M 0
feet; greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard; also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain. Call at this office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grailng
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels building.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. :
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS P<>INT PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT PR'»PERTY
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BKBT
THE VERY BEtiT
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE I>OTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND
The mo.iel put.divlf.icn of all residence dis-
tricts: streets macadamized, sewered, cement '
sldewalke.l; sidewalk trees consist of lemons. ,
olives, palms, acacias, etc.; only ten minutes
to City Hall.
Finest views of Lake Merrltt, fooihllls, etc..
to be had in Oakland Pri.^es and terms will
be made to suit the first purchasers.
Call at office and he driven to the property. .
LAKE SHORE LAND CO.. A. H. BREED,
Manager, 1070 Umndway, Oakland.
GREAT bargain: 146 acres In San Mateo
County, near Palo Alto. $4. c .oo-. trade by C.
K. KING. &02 Broadway, Oakland.
131 ACRES. Contra Costa County. 15 miles;
from Oakland; only $SO0O; $1000 cash wanted. 1
c K. KING. M Broadway, Oakland.
J ACREB. Frultvale, near High st. ; $1500. C. I
K. KIN'?. M Broadway. Oakland.
200 ACRES. Monterey County; general ranch
to trade; $5000. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway
Oakland.
SANTA CLARA Valley, 69 acres. 3 miles from
San Jose: all level vall»y. To trade clear by
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
IMPROVED 80 acres. « miles from Oakland
to trade; $42C0. C JC. KING. 901 Broadway.
Oakland.
$,W, FOR a beautiful ! t on high ground: street
wort nil doac and rlose to cars; surrounded
by fine homes: worth $900. F. C. WATSON,
463 Ninth st.. Oakland.
$750— Fine lot on high ground: fine view:
street work all done; 5"x145. F. C. WATSON.
463 Ninth St., Oakland.
$37".^— Fine, new modern house of 9 rooms:
fine location: 11 minutes' walk to narrow
gauge depot. F. C. WATSON. 463 Ninth St..
Oakland.
Two cottages for one-half their value; well
located. F. C. WATSON, 463 Ninth st.. Oak-
land.
HAVE your own home: see these bargains
at once; 6-room 2-story house, with stable, |
$2250; $200 cash, balance monthly; 8-rnom.
new, modern 2-story house, convenient. $3250;
$25^ cash, balance monthly; in Berkeley, 6-
room, new. modern house, near local. $J750;
$2!X) cash, balance monthly; 7-room modern
house, new. $3100; $250 cash, balance monthly: |
also 8-room, new, modern house, convenient
to local, $3250; $250 cash, balance monthly. C.
P. KERN, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
$7500—1000 ACRES, right in Alameda County; j
the best stock ranch in the county: former
prtea $15.000; for sale or tnide. ALDEN-GAR-
PIELD COMPANY, »0J Broadway, Oakland.
$«W— LOT ZOOxISX. near station.
$270o_ Corner 50-foot lot: house of 8 rooms,
bath and laundry. J. H. MAfpoxALD, 470
Ninth St., near Broadwny, Oakland.
WE are offering this week:
Lot 30x7:., fine location. East Oakland. $1200.
Lot 60x100, well located, comer. J2iWO.
New S-room residence. East Oakland. $3200
Vacant lot. best part of Peralta Heights, $25,
and many other bargains.
A. J. SAMUEL & CO., 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
HALF-PRICE BARGAINS.
$1250— Modern cottage. Golden Gate, near
local train: only $450 cash.
. $1500— New cottage; lot KS feet front- East
Nineteenth st., Oakland; $700 cash.
$2750— 7-room cottage and barn: 50- foot lot' I
near electric cars; Sixth aye., Oakland; $1250 }
cash.
Above properties must be sold
RENHAM & THOMAS, 465 Ninth st.. Oak-
land.
BARGAIN— New modern cottage of 5 rooms i
and bath; few minutes' walk from City
Hall : also elegant residence on Oakland
Heights; cheap. Apply to P. W. ANDER- :
SON, 26 San Pablo aye., Oakland. J
TO EXCHANGE— Good-paying Oakland prop- :
erty for ranches. P. W. ANDERSON, 28 '•
Pan Pablo aye., Oakland.
$4750^A~ LOVSLT OAKLAND BOMB; MUST
BE SOLD: centrally located in choice resi-
dence portion of city proper: commanding a !
beautiful view: rented, H<< month; this resi-
dence is new ami modern, antl for good rea-
MM must be sold: owner must have money '
Apply at once to ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.! !
f.u2 Uroadway, Oakland.
$7f/i- -House of 3 rooms and basement: lot 50x '
12f.: near cars: cost $12iW. ALDEN-GAR-
FIELD CO.. W2 Broadway, Oakland.
$12.500— Country hotel and grounds: best loca-
tion in the State; paying well and rented at
$75 per month: sale or trade. ALDEN-GAR-
FIELD CO., 902 Broadway. Oakland.
$450 WILL build a S-mom rott afre «.n n lot '
BOzUt In the Alvin Tract, nenr Frultvale;
$25 down; $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery st.
WHY net look into this if you desire a mr.-
homesltf? Large lots for $200 upward; $10
cash and any sum you can afford to pay
monthly: build your own home or we will
•mild it for you; Gallndo Tract. East Oak-
land; the soil and climate is superb; ail lev»l,
with grand view; city water and sewer; Hr.c
public school and electric cars; streets all
graded and macadamised : nice homes sur-
rounding and building up rapidly; call or
send for circular. 4M» Ninth st.. bet. Broad-
wnv and Wnshlngton St.. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
MODERN residence. 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc ; near Orove st. : lot 50x160:
plumbing nickel plated: elecrrlc wiring:
street work complete: price $3500: terms to
MM. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
PROPERTY TO IXCHAKQf.
160- ACRE ranch. Kern County; 70 acres In
alfalfa: will sell 40 or 80 acres.
7-room hous<\ Oakland, lor. JlOxlOO $J.5fK)
J2-acre ranch, improved in fruit 3 roo
House 4 rooms, lot 90x117. 1000 pigeons.. 1.600
100 other places-. What h«ve you to offer'
H. C. DECKER. 10J0 Market St.. opp. Firth.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON A TURTON.
1209 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA HOMES.
FINE two-story house en Broadway: ■ lot 50x
140; price .$2400. Neat two-story house on
Buena Vista aye.; lot 50x150; price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye.; lot
50x102; price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 50x140: price
$2650. .
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye.; lot
33x100: price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
Santa Clara aye.: lot 35x110; price $2650. For
investment— A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for $7500; worth $14,000; half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bargains. Call at 1503 Webster st., Alameda,
next 1 > drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr. ■ <■:•.,
, JUST like paying rent.
$IXo— Colonial cottage, 4 rooms and bath.
Handsome cottage near station.
. $3250 — House of 6 rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
$2950 — Colonial cottage. 6 rooms; fine grounds.
MARCUSE * REMMEL. Bay st. station
(broad gauge). Alameda: 628 Market St.. San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— Sunny cottage, six rooms and bath.
$20. 1724 Central aye., bet. Union and Grand
Ets., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A RARE chance to secure a home.
New cottage of <! rooms and enamel bath:
good basement; fruit trees; street work all
done: handy to cars; only $100 down and $20 a
month. ■ ; ■ :^
Large two-story house of 8 rooms and bath:
good lot: street work all done; also handy to
cars; price $2700; terms to suit. "-';'*■'::
Only 3 more left— Lots 50x130: sewered and
ready for building; $325 each, or 25x130 for $175;
; here is a chance for you.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
fruitvale real estate.
H. A. PLEITNER— "
Choice list of great bargains in Frultvale.
$3000 — Elegant home of 7 rooms and bath; fine
mantel; laundry, china closets, etc.; ham, car-
riage house, 2 chicken houses, choice fruit trees
and shrubbery, lawns, shade trees, etc. : lot 174 x
150: all fenced; a fine opportunity to get a bar-
gain.
$Sso— House of 5 rooms: good well, force
pump. barn. 2 chicken houses, fruit trees,
shrubbery, hot-house; lot 75x108; all fenced.
$750 — cottage of 3 rooms and bath: barn,
workshop, wash-house, hot-house with fine
flowers, good well, windmill and tar*, nice
garden; lot 50x100; $100 cash, balance $11 per
month.
$350 — For Sale — 1000 pigeons, 24 coops, wire
fencing, etc.. with house of 4 rooms and half-
acre of ground; for rent at $5 per month.
$175 each— choice lots, fine location: 6 min-
utes from Fruit vale Station; size of lots, 33x
125 feet; must be sold.
H. A. PLEITNER.
Frultvale Station. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— rent, by a competent fruit-
grower, a good orchard, either on shares or
cash rent give particulars. Box 633, Call.
WANTED— buy or rent Improved ranches:
give us full particulars. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. SO2 Marker.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, no matter
what cause; instant relief for travelers: a
cure effected at once without delay; safe and
sure at any time; private home in confine-
ment: best care and attention; ladles In
trouble or suffering from any complaints pe-
culiar to their sex should consult the only re-
liable specialist of long and successful prac-
1 tice before going elsewhere; every case guar- |
anteed; consultation free and strictly confi-
dential. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless: never
falls in any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected;
travelers helped immediately; years' experi-
ence; home in confinement with sanitarian
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physicians, DR. ANT' MRS. DA VIES. 14 Mc-
Allister st., next Hibernia bank; hours, 9
a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
. moved by electricity: home in confinement:
best ere and privacy: for guaranteed .relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsulps, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 818 Post St.. near Larkln.
ALL of Dr Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
abrolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre- '
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
rhesing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
rase of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
have tailed; no Instruments, used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; nd-
vice free: terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1128 Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
SURE cnr«, when others fall: no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what caas»»: restore In 1 day: never falls: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny. Orders by tele.
LADIES. Chiehester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c. stamps, for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
! A l-OON to w!v?s and mothers— Seir.tro; prlo»
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 40« Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. K3l X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DRS.GOODWIN. diseases of women: ladles:
safe, - quick cure guaranteed: any ailment;
maternity home: best care: skill only: low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
?er.i.\ > tro-h'es; no danger: safe. our-: .*2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until l->o lute.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL. 14 McAllister St.. near Jones—
Diseases of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe reme-
dies: 38 years experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 14*.6 Bth st.. Alameda.
DBS. K. & K. -cure chronic, nervous, blood,
•kin or private diseases. 8 Mason st.. S. F.
I STERILITY cut ed- by Mrs. Dr. Battler, gradu-
ate midwife. 1709 Powell st.: t•! red 2041.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
. planted or transplanted; fillings 60c, crowns
$3 60; all work painless an.l warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry". no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 695.
1 DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr., 11th: no
1 charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new: teeth from $8
per set: extracting Sir: gas given.
! DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent- j
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
; NEW York dentists— Plates $5 up; silver fill-
ings. 2T>c up: gold fillings. 7T,c up: plates
mended, $1 up: painless extraction. 60c: all
work warranted. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
$S—FULL5 — FULL set of teeth: best make: kept In
repair; extracting free: fillings. 50c: crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third ft.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market & Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE an.l F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. CO3-607.
W. C. HARDING. M P.. 500 Sutter St.. cor.
Powell: tel.- Main £375; painless extraction.
ALL work rensonnble and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. v
! SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.  .. .
1 COLTOV D*"tal A^soclat'on. SO6 Market st?
y DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
' o'clock: branch office of .The Call. Fubscrlp-
tl.n<- nn<l n--»nt nils tnken. '
OFFICES TO LET.
I S BAY-WINDOW suites, I, 3 rooms. ■ nicely fur-
nished: - suitable offices; reasonable. 321 Fills.
218 SANSOMF. St.. now occupied by W. Loalza
A Co. - ASHTON, 411 Montgomery st.
STA CLES TO LET.
1 STABLE and 2 rooms, kitchen, bath, etc., for
party with buggy or light wagon: rent rea-
sonable; reference required. Apply 211 Third
i aye., . near Clement st. - .... :
HOUSES TO LET.
11 ROOMS, 2 baths, laundry, yard?~etcT~f3T
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th st.
FOR rent cheap to responsible parties— Neatly-
furnished house: 9 rooms and bath and lovely
garden; call between hours of 1 and 3 o'clock:
references required; as a part or whole. 717
Grove st. -■ . w - j
$25— HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden, base-
ment; sunny belt. 109 Cumberland st., be-
tween 19th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores. -
SEVEN rooms; bath; large cellar; in perfect
order.- 135 Harriet St., bet. Folsom and Har-
rison.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, 460 Jessie St., between
Fifth and Sixth sts.
7-ROOM house; modern improvements. 117
Julian aye., near Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$S — HOUSE of I rooms; in fine order; call and ;
see. 1067 Kearny St., near Greenwich. !
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do i
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay !
It off easily you can get best terms of Amer- ■
lean Investors' Co., . 11 Montgomery st. .j. j
ALL OVER TOWN— '
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO WELL; 10 Montgomery. '
HOUSE for. rent; furniture for sale; 7 rooms, j
bath and basement; good repair; rent ex- ;
tremely low; nearly 'new; with or without
furniture; piano at a sacrifice. Apply on i
premises. 2415 Sacramento st.
HOUSE to let. ANDERSON & CO., Twenty- I
ninth and Sanchez sts.
SUTTER. 717. near Taylor— For office and resi- i
dence; 8 rooms: very choice: Investigate.
WILLOW aye.. 511— House of 3 rooms, with or
without . (table. •
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house. 7 rooms, bath and piano;
$40 a month: 2321 Webster st. JOHN M. CUR-
TIP. 126 Kearny st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6— REAR cottage, 4 rooms, basement: water
free. 339 Jersey st. : Castro cars.
MODERN 5 rooms; porcelain bath; laundry:
grand marine view; large yard and base-
ment; $20. 2 Lincoln, near Jones and Union.
COTTAGE. 815 Lyon st., 6 rooms and bath;
rent $16 SO; water free. Apply MADISON & I
BURKE.
NEW 4. 6 and 7 r.: $10, $15 and $_0: or will sell.
$50 to $150 cash; bal. same as rent, 646
Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT to rent, .6 rooms, bath; $22 50. 1277 Clay
street. ■ -
CORE, 343, between Ninth and Tenth— Flat of
4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
4 AND 8- room flats;. some with gardens; sun-
ny; attractive view; on Twelfth st. and '
Glen Park aye.: $12, $13. $14. $18 and $23.50. i
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye, off Twelfth I
street.
FOURTEENTH. 736. near Market— Handsome
middle flat: 7 rooms.
5-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell st., near
Mason. Apply. 15 Grant aye.
HAIGHT and Baker— Sunny corner 5 and 6-
room flats; good view; nice neighborhood.
1116 LARKIN— Lower flat, $14; 4 rooms; right
place for a dressmaker. -• j^.~
FOR SALE— Lyon St., between McAllister
and Golden Gate nve., new 7-room cottages,
with bath and laundry; beautifully frescoed.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary at., nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
A— NICE flats and cottages, under $10.
A 3OO nice flats, cottages and houses. $10 up.
20 new flats at SPECK & CO.'S. 802 Market.
McALLIPTER, 1439— Modern flat, 8 rooms and
bath. $25.
CORNER flat; 6 rooms and bath. 1903 Mc-
Allister st. ■■
— NEAT sunny flat, 3 rooms. 1 McCormac
St.. off Pacific. • ;
MISSION, 1513— « large sunny rooms, bath,
yard and laundry; rent $18.
ALL OVER TOWN
You nee flats to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery at.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar: sun all day: $10.
5 ROOMS, bath, stable.. IS Byington st. Ap-
ply I*2l O'Farrell st.
PIERCE. 123. near Hal ght— Lower flat, 3
rooms; sunny side; modern improvements;
cheap.
SACRAMENTO. Modern flat. 9 rooms and
bath; large basement; first-class neighbor-
hood; rent cheap. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
SECOND, 629— Flat of 8 sunny rooms.. $15; also
cottage. 4 sunny rooms, $11.
NICE, cozy flat; lerge yard: chicken house;
modern improvements. 35 Sharon st. ; Mar-
ket and Fifteenth.
$12— LOWER flat. 4 rooms; basement, mantel,
folding door. 715 Tehama st., near Eighth.
TURK and Pierce, NW. corner— sls; new upper
flat: 5 rooms and bath. - -
FLAT. 3305 Twenty-first St.. northwest corner
Valencia; 6 rooms and bath; sunny belt of
Mission.
FLAT. 3309 Twenty-first St.. near Valencia; 3
rooms and bath, with cellar.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073-4075— A few steps from
Castro-st. cars: 2 lovely sunny upper and
lower modern 4 and 5 room flats; rent $13 ani
$15; water free.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3404 — Two sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping: $10.
WEBSTER, ElB— nice (separate) flat of 3
rooms and yard; rent $10.
FURNISHED flat south of Market: 6 rooms
and bath. Box 741. Call Office.
MONEY loaned on watches, ' diamonds. Jew- >
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth— nicely furnished
rooms, front: complete for housekeeping; $17.
BUSH. 612—2 large sunny furnished rooms,
first floor, with kitchen; gas range.-
BUSH, 726 — Two newly furnished • rooms for
gentlemen, at J7 and $8 per month.
BUSH, 2526—2 sunny front rooms, furnished;
light housekeeping: no children. .
EDDY, 305— Two large front rooms for house-
keeping; private family.
EDDY. Lower floor, 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping, or unfurnished. '
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call
subscriptions and want ads taken.
FIFTH. 221— Sunny rooms; housekeeping and
others. •
FIRST. — 3 bright front rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $12. -
FOLSOM. 523. -near Second — Large front bay-
window room for housekeeping: one single
room; also hot and cold water and bath.
FOLSOM, 974— Nice sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. , . ...u.-i*.-:.
GEARY, — Front alcove room, well furnish-
ed; running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping.
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites; with gas stove.
HOWARD. 1128 A— furnished, sunny
front suite; running water; bath; stove; $3
week.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished, sunny,
front, large housekeeping, rooms. $8 to $9..
MINNA, — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, $1 per week. . .-•'. . "•■'
MISSION, 661, near Second— 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms, furnished complete; also 2
1 sunny back rooms.
MISSION, — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. . v ■.-
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105 — Cheap furnished
housekeeping and single rooms. . .
POLK. 606— Housekeeping, sunny bay-window
room, with kitchen; reasonable.' • ' •
POST, 617V4— *15: pleasant front and back par-
lor and kitchen; unfurnished. ' %
SIXTH. 119 A —3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping. : . . . ,- ..
STANLEY Place. 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath: alFo $7 50. 4 good rooms. -
VAN NESS. 51S— Two front sunny : rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping;. $20. .
WEBSTER. 711— 3 or 4 large sunny rooms;
furnished' or unfurnished. . ...
MONEY loaned on wa,tches.  diamonds, Jew-
- elry: low interent. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
, ROOMS TO . LET.
LEXINGTON. I 212 Eddy— Large aunny. front
: suites;, also single; for gentlemen.
EDDY. 427— Neat sunny room, with double bed-
rent $5 per month* ■
SHERMAN Apartment ■ House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
EIGHTH. Lower floor; furnished ' room,
double bed, use of piano, $5. ■
FOLSOM, 310— Four ' large, " sunny ■■ rooms ; up-
stairs: -rent $9.
FULTON. 3 Fulton House)— furnished
rooms; single or en suite; $8 and $15 up. •
GEARY. 51S— Elegant ' sunny ' house rooms; i
complete; also double; others: reasonable.
GEARY. 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents; !
:$6 and $7. .......,...' ,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY, Elegant parlors: also bay-win-
dow room; reasonable; handsome new corner
flat. ....--■■;  :
GROVE, 28— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; near City Hall.
HARRISON. 784*4, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; very cheap.
HOWARD, 504— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; $11 and $12; gas and bath.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
■ suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
j HOWARD, 889— Best and cheapest rooms In the
I city.
HOWARD, 1513 A —Furnished rooms to let;
■ single or en suite.
; JESSIE. 440— Five rooms to let.
, ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
i LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for jubilee visitors.
MARKET. 850— Elegantly furnished suites and
: single rooms for Jubilee visitors.
! MARKET, 1032— (New management); fine, clean
rooms. $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished!
unfurnished; single rooms and suites for Jubi-
lee visitors.
.
MINNA. 319— Nice furnished front rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
MISSION, 921H— Nice front room; gas and
bath; $6 month.
MISSION. Sunny bay-window front and
back parlor; large kitchen: furnished.
MISSION. 1220— Sunny front alcove room for
two.
NATOMA. 207, near Third— 2 nice sunny
rooms to let In small family.
NATOMA. 245— Furnished rooms. $1 to $1 25 per
week; housekeeping room, $2 60 per week.
POST, 1011— Large furnished alcove room.
POST. Sunny furnished room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party. ■
POWELL. 123— Nice suites of rooms; rent
cheap; day, week or month.
POWELL. 103— (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable: transient.
POWELL. 233— New house; newly furnished;
. suite and single; also office rooms. -
POWELL, 508. near Sutter— Two sunny rooms,
en suite or single; single hall room.
SECOND, 52— Double rooms, week, $1 50 to
$2 50; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
-single; elevator: moderate rates; families,
SEVENTH, Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SIXTH, — Large furnished rooms: single or
double; running water; closet; sl 25 week up.
STEVENSON, 523%. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
2. nicely furnished rooms en suite; $10 per
month private family.
STOCKTON, 17, European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month: baths;
hot and oold water: transient; elevator.
THE STANFORD. ?20\4 Sutter— Suits, single
rooms for Jubilee visitors, 50c to $1 50 day.
SITTER, 715-719, and 609 Furnished and
unfurnished; choice for offices; reasonable;
■ Investigate. • • .
TENTH, 125— Front sunny hall room, fur-
nished; large closet; $4.
TURK, — Furnished room, suitable for a gen-
tleman; $5 a month.
TWELFTH, 239— Large sunny furnished room
for 2 gentlemen, $7.
VALENCIA. 936 A —Nice room; running water,,
grate; modern; rent $6.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1: 25 visiting
cards, 25c. HILL. 724 & Market St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
; ■
BOARDING AND ROOMS
ROOMS and board for two 15 months In ex-
change for 80 acres of land; good locality,
between Kearny and Jones, near 4 Market.
Box 755. Call.
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board, $3 50.
FELL, Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
• tional; parlor for 2 with board, $35.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $3 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful ground*; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
TURK. 812 — Nice rooms and board In private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up. • •
VAN NESS aye., Newly furnished' sunny
rooms: good .board; terms moderate. ■
CHILDREN BOARDED.
YOUMO English lady will take children iiTher
own home: good location; nice garden. Ad-
dress S.. Box 11 Call office, Oakland.
ENGLISH widow would like two children to
' board*, furnished room for parents. 51 Clara.
GERMAN lady wishes 2 children; motherly
care; moderate. 4023 Twenty-fifth st.
WIDOW wishes few infants to board. 2618
Bryant St.. bet. 24th and 25th.
STORES TO LET.
STORE, : fixtures, living room and cellar, 3552
Twenty-third st., near Guerrero.
STORE, suitable for druggist; rooms: cement
basement. Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.
BLACKSMITH; large shop; 2 fires; fine loca-
tion: $15. 1223 Fell st.
STORE and basement, 901 Buchanan St., cor.
Fulton, for grocery or French liquor store.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena; long lease. Address
lock box 13, St. Helena, Cal. '
TO Fine large store, with living rooms;
Folsom St.. between Eighth and Ninth: suit-
able for any kind of business. \ Inquire of E.
PETERSON. 324 Bush st.
STORE and 6 rooms, suitable butcher shop or
fruit store; cheap. 27th and Alabama sts.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
_ _______ ___ .
LOST.
LOST— A dog; spaniel setter, about 1 year old;
black, with white on breast. Finder will re-
. ceive reward by . returning to C. J. WEB-
STER, end of Clay-st. wharf.
— Valuable ring, set with turquoise, sur-
rounded by 4 diamonds: liberal reward. Re-
turn to 1289 Leavenworth st.
LOST— On Polk St., near California, Friday
forenoon, purse containing $50; - return and
receive reward. 1629 Sacramento st.
WHrTE bull terrier dog: brlndle patch on
eye. Reward at 120>i Clara St.
GREEN parrot Friday. Return to 1709 Gough
' st. : reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ISABELLA F. MORAN; No. 178,358.
The finder - will : please, return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco.' in the
name of JAMES C. CARY, No. 211,050. The
finder will please return to bank.
BRING old gold and sliver to me and get cash
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
'' ~ ' '£°, LTyP - ' ' ' '
BLACK and white greyhound bitch. Call at
806 Mission st. and receive same. '. .
PHYSICIANS. ~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
• 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PAT'S DIVISION.
An Englishman, a Scotohmjn and an
Irishman, after performing a week's
work for a country gentleman, received
£4 between them for wages. •
Net being very good at arithmetic,
they iv ere. at a loss how tj divide the
money equally.
* After a vain attempt at division, the
Fnglifhman, in despair, handed the
money to Scotty, to have a try. Scolty
turned; the £4 over and; over, ,and
scratched his head, but couldn't arrive
at any satisfactory result, so he passed
it on to Paddy. .-'■'■ '3"P^^^M^
: -Paddy-pondered awhile, when sud-
denly he exclaimed:
"I've got it." ;
Giving them £1 each, and keeping
£2 himself, he said: "There's £2 for
you two, and £2 for me, too 3 (two)."
After arriving at so satisfactory; a
solution (let it be said to Paddy's bene-
i fit) r they parted, the : Englishman : and
j Scotty i thinking ;to \ themselves "What
t a clever , m*n Paddy was!" — Spare Mo-
i menta.
3940
The SIGHTS AND SENSATIONS
of "COURTED INTO COURT."
Above and beyond the uninspired
Idiocy of John J. McNully "Courted Into
Court" is Messed by the personality
of Marie Dressier. There Is hope and
consolation in Miss Drossier: it is
good to know that she is in the land.
In case anything ever should happen to
May Irwin we have Marie Dressier to
fall back on. Nut that things are likely
to happen to May Irwin's sensational
health — not that! — but she might some
day take it into her genial head to re
tire; she mi^ht — who knows what these
good-natured women will do?— marry
herself to some proud prince who could
not bear to see her work; or she might
stay away from San Francisco alto
gether. It has been a long time since
Miss Irwln westward hoed, and there
is nothing in our immediate horoscope
to point her on the way. New York,
you know, finally has "discovered" May
Irwin. She can stay there now all the
year round with any old kind of a piece
and nothing to do but work night in
and night out, with never a care of
transportation or advance agents and
grow stouter and richer while we wait.
Miss Dressier makes hope deferred en
durable. She is all but May Irwln and
a magnetic considerable of her own be
sides.
• • •
According to the cant superstitions
abomt beauty that commonly obtain
Marie Dressier is not beautiful. But
she has a fascinating way of being
plain; in her physiognomy there is
something of a homely Hading, and
she shows all the warm, womanly cor
diality that Hading — if she has any at
all — conceals under a mask of snow.
Also she is probably a better McNally
farce-co-medienne than her contempo
rary of the Comedie Francaise. Have
you heard Marie Dressier sing? Her
voice is the superlative of plump joy;
it has the real essence, the snuff-col
ored tone, the just-throw-myself-away
quality that finds the true temper of
the modern coon song. Her "Ram-a-
Jam, I Want That Man" is the most
momentous Americo-Ethiopic song
burst that has happened here since
May Irwin sang "The New Bully."
I wonder if Miss Dressier has the
same attraction for women that she
has for men. Possibly not. She is
the most popular person, from the
masculine estimate, that I have seen
in fourteen months. All the men about
the town are intoning her prai?e3. I
have heard but one woman mention the
matter — and then it was to say she
thought Miss F>ressler a trifle bump
tious and rough. Never mind about
the roughness, but the bumptiousness
I admit; there is no word which better
than that describes the physical attri
butes of this large, unique young wo
man. She is bumptious to be lovable.
She revels in a vast clumsy grace that
Is vivid, personal and magnetic; she
deals in a sort of convivial hypnotism
that is immediate and fatal. But she
is as gentle as a man. You, if you
are a woman, may not consider It gen
tle in Miss Dressier to lift Mr. Lyon
by the scragg of the neck and Joust
him against the floor and poke him in
the waistcoat and titillate him on his
solar plexus— but I. who can feel the
'fluence of this Brunhilda of McNally,
know that these are mere and momen-
tary concessions to a depraved play
writer—episodes in which the artist's
physique is imposed upon by an acro
batic author. You may not think that
Mr. Lyon deserves his share of this
scrimmage, either; you would, per
haps, prefer to see Mr. Rice held up to
the scorn of this Juno's strength. So
would I. But Mr. Rice Is, on the con
trary, kissed — yes, kissed by Miss Dress
ier. It is not a Xethersolean kiss;
there is nothing: tumultuous, throbbing,
scorching, stifling about it; it is a plain,
slow— l have to confess it is slow —
business-like salute with a smack at
the parting that Miss D'ressler indents
upon the oscuiatory feature of Mr.
Rice. Unworthy Rice! You may see
where the caress has left its seal. Mr.
Rice's lips wear a flattened pout; a ripe
red spot glows between the diverging
points of his mustaches — and that is
where he has been kissed. Twice blessed
and twice unworthy Rice! It has been
his specialty to be kissed by the two
most accomplished kissers in the pro
fession. He has been kissed into fame,
nectarized into notoriety. First it was
May Irwin — she had themselves kine
toscoped in the act; it was called the
May Irwin Kiss, and was patented and
copyrighted by photographers and kine
toscopers and could be seen for a nickel
in the slot. Now it is Marie Dressier
■who kisses Mr. Rice. I ask anybody if
TO-DAY—AMUSEMENTS.
GXJ&TfWI WALTER, Director-General.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDfIY, JANUARY 2 4th .
GRAND JUBILEE BILL
rJSr J5? I ! Nu ** etl L Cath ered From the World's Vaudeville Mines.
-A.1.. WILSONr
____^_ __^__ America Representative German Comedian and Yodler.
_ s*^°* Ptta to **** «*«weai. " what ark THE wild waves SAYING?" '
oarlettaT^
, Artist EUetlc Supreme.
DOLLINE^LEr
America's Greatest Female Barytone. !
THE AMERIOQKXmA
of < ely : Last WeeU KNABEN-KAPELLE.
r ___ WevyProa.panimeo? National and Popular Airs. * .■
CARTER DE HAVEN, *~1 RtCB AMD ELm«Sf».'"
Diminutive Comedian. _.____[__ Horizontal Rar ArtlsTs
PROF. GALLfINDO? :| "cziTA" -— —^— —
.'Lightning Clay Modeler. I Beautiful Gypsy Violinist.
GRAND GOLDEN JUBILEE MATINEE MONDAY, JANUARY 24th.
MATINEE TO-DAY-SUNDAY-JANUARY 23d
' LAST APPEARANCE OV PATRICE AND COMPANY.
Parquet, any seat. 25c : Balcony, 10c ; Children, lOrf, any part.
BY ASHTON STEVENS
there Is anything in this Mr. Rice that
deserves the double distinction?
• •
Mr. John C. Rice has fluent less .and
a fair command of dialect, but he is
not an attractive personality. There Is
ki hip manner and hin voice something
which Pets a pace la the admiration
of Rice that no one else ran keep up
with; and his very llmberness puggestH
the epicene mister of the French ballet.
Mr. Rice Is not In tune with the
healthy rest of the company. As fine
a company, by the way, as ever was
wantoned on a McNulty farce. John
Ci. Sparks hasn't his usual much to do
this time, but what there Is of the
Irishman he plays with a legitimacy
and comic seriousness that are unap
proachable. Jaques Kruger, too, does
a Harriganeeque study of a toper that
is limited only by the fragmentary
possibilities of the part, and little Miss
Sallie Cohen sings a tidy note and
plays at being Miss Dressler's servitor
cousin with a surprising degree of na
turalness. An odd bit of grotesquerie.
at this time of day, is Oscar Figman's
dude; he carries me back to the (rid
farce-comedy days at the Bush -street
Theater, where nearly every show ha<l
iis spider-legged dude, with wonderful
*skin-fltting trousers, slim satanic
6hoes and foolish low-crowned hnt. Mr.
Figman's pantomime is weird and
funny; he is altogether astonishingly
successful— but I should hate to think
of this once-departed caricature as
loose again with any probability of
permanence.
• • •
Since "The First Born," one never
knows what will lie in a new piece at
the Alcazar. I was easily lured by the
announcement of "an original pathetic
play in one act," written by Frederick
Paulding. In the present invasion of
farce it would be a luxury to weep a
tear or two; it would perhaps recon
cile us to the immediate future, which
is to consist of more farce. But there
were no sweet tears at the Alcazar last
week. "A Man's Love" is damp and
THE SATs' FPANTTSCO CATX, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
mushy enough, but it is not pathetic,
according to the pathos that is pledged
in the bill. I cannot see where a man
of Mr. Paulding's experience found the
nerve to expose it in the theater. And
his acting of the principal part would
not have been countenanced by any
stage manager other than himself.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Scheel's Symphony Gor\cert.
A programme of established modern
pieces has been selected by Mr. Scheel
for Thursday's concert at the Tivoli.
The symphony will be Dvorak's "New
World;" the ballet music, Delibes'
"Coppelia," and the overture Gold
mark's "In Springtime." Robert Franz's
version of the old Hebrew melody, "Kol
Nidre." will also be played.
Arrangements have just been com
pleted by which Henri Marteau. the
young French violinist, will be the
HOloist at one of the San Francisco
Symphony Society's concerts of an
early date.
Baldwin.
"The Girl from Paris." which com
mences an "ngagemfnt <>f three weeks
at the Baldwin to-morrow night, is one
of the most popular musical attractions
«'f the lighter order that has been pre
sented in years. It has a record of 1080
nights at the Duke of York's, London,
and another edition of it is now play
ing at the Herald Square Theater, New
York, where a run of 3fK> nights
recently completed. We are promised,
as nearly as possible, the production
which Edward E. Rire first gave New
York. Of course all of the originals are
not in the cast — several of them made
such reputations t.hat they are now
"out on their own" — but the present
company is said to be compact and
valuable in every particular. The pro
duction will be under the hand of
Frank Smithson. whom Mr. Rice se
cured from London, and the dancing,
which plays an important part in the
performance, will be directed by H.
Fletcher Rivers, a ballet master of rep
utation. The elaborate scenic equip
ment is the work of La Fayette W.
Seavey, an artist who needs no intro
duction.
The piece itself is said to he almost
a real comic opera, with catchy music
by Ivan Carylland a smartly humorous
book by George Dance. The presenta
tion re-quires a cast of fifty. Miss Mamie
I Gilroy, whose clever work in Hoyt's
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
-T>^7/£s*£?Zi ' e 7fiy^,tj^ BEGINNING TO-MORROW,
Imdimuui gothob a csussui »«»««• inUNDAY, JANUARY 24
EDW. E. RICE'S SUPERB SPECTACLE,
! THE I Magnificent Scenery .. .
.^ ' I | Gorgeous Costumes ....
1 G'l'RLr I ■ Excellent Cast .. . .
~J?M*>r \ poo/vi"! Beautlful
ti - Gorgeous Costumes ....
I G IRL I Excellent Cast ....
FF^Rr^/Vl I Beautiful
rKU/W 1 Chorus
fpAPIG I Fiflj
w?/M& I r-nrci^. i People
THE GREATEST PRODUCTION T ° H F E SEASON
Far Surpassing in Splendor Rice's Post TriumphB-"Evanfteline," "1492,"
Excelsior Jr." and "Little Christopher."
AT C Ay AD Seats by Phone TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
X""i..L i\^X m \£~4Jr\.r\ Main 254. S.IiRXESTi.VEKnKLixo. Proprietor A Manager
'— — . THIS EVENING!
THIS (SUXDAY) NIGHT. _ THE MUSICAL TRIUMPH-
~ > m ~**~~~^~^^~~-^-~~~~<~-*+~.~.*-~~- The Irish Comic Opera.
FORBIDDEN FRUIT! "BRIAN BORU."
~*~~ > *^~~~~*~~^~^~~~r~*~ s Enlarged Chorus — -Augmented Orchestra.
HOLIDAY BEAUTIFUL. SOLOS.
MATINEE Soul-Stirnrir Ensumbles and Finales*.
TO-MORROW, The Most Perfect Production of Tears.
Monday, January 24, Next Opera- PEARL OF PEKINV!
.11 I! FF WFFk' I Song-L.ancc— Humor.
JUBILEE WEEK ! Popular Prices... ;..:.. ..25c a d 50c
Sydney Grundy's Scteamlnjj Farce. ■
~~>~* » >s^s.^.^^^^. j SAN FRANCISCO BYMPHONY SOCIETY.
TSII" fl^R nil II lIIAIITA I FRITZ EEL. Musical Director.
IH?- fIKAKIr'M M JiUTv , th Con^rt. Tirol) Opera House. Thursday
■n^*^-»n-^«>—^-«>^>>— »^»»s. -**-~~~^^*-^-~s*~^* time), Goldmark; symphony, '•From the New-
It Will Mnke-Vnn I mirth «orld." Dvorak; Hebrew melody, arranged by
iX nill maKe you LBUgn. Robert Franz: Coppella (ballet). ■ Leo D«libes;
REGULAR MATINEE , SATURDAT Espana< rhapsody, £; Chabrier. Prices, includ-
Pr?ee e Sc.^c ee rc! BC; &&»?: "*"»" < " res»r\-ed seat. *1 80, |1 and cents. Seats
Pri^iS. m^mT % ' ' MC * Matlnee ion «le at Tivoll. commencing Monday, Janu-
farces is well remembered, plays the
part of "the girl"; William Blaisdell is
the comical French spy; Edgar Hal-
Btead la the Ebenezer Honeycomb, a
"shining lisrht": Harry Hermsen has
the part of "it-is-to-laugh" Hans, which
in his hands is said to be quite as
clever as the original creation of
Mann's; J. c. Marlow impersonates the
dandy Major Fossdyke of the Batter
sea Butterfly Shooters: Philip Thomas,
recently of the Bostonians, will appear
as Tom Overleigh. the British barris
ter; Miss Carrie Bahr will appear as
Ruth, the slavey, and sing the now fa
mous "Sister Mary Jane's Top Note."
Clara Lavlne will* have the chance to
sing in the role of Nora Honeycomb,
and Mile. Fleurette, a distinguished
dancer, will exploit her newest crea
tion. 'La Parisienne." Rice may be de
pended upon for a comely chorus and a
good orchestra leader.
California.
"Courted Into Court" promises to
have a crescendo second week at the
) California. The town is just awaken
ing to the fact that Marie Dressier,
i John O. Sparks and Jaques Krueger are
i a farce-comedy trio that would be hard
jto beat. The attraction to follow is
j Black Patti'p Troubadors, headed by
i the redoubtable Slspurieta Jones her
; self. The fifty members of the com
pany are all born that way— not col
ored — and are said to reach the limit
of emancipated song, dance, specialty
: and spectacle. They will bring a num-
I ber of new songs. The performance Is
i divided in two parts— one, a musical
farce, called "At Jolly Coon-ey Island."
the other a novel vaudeville olio.
Alcazar.
"The Arabian Nights." one of the
best of Sydney drundy's adapted farces,
will be revived at the Alcazar next
week. Tho adventures of the unsophis
ticated but sporty Humminirtop with
his fair deceiver and his mother-in-law
are too well known to require ampli
fication at this time of day. "The
Arabian Nights" has always been a
safe pifce in San Francisco since its
introduction years ago by Joe Holland
and Georgia Drew Barrymore. It was
one of the most successful of the many
Prawley i>n>.i actions and did well at
the Alcazar lust year. Although the
cast has not been announced at the
time of writing it is reasonably safe to
say that Wright H'intinirton will be rhe
Hummingtop and Mrs. Bates the moth
er-in-law. The curtain will be raised
with "One Touch of Nature."
The opening performance will take
place on Monday afternoon, a "Jubilee"
matinee being the order at the Alca
zar.
OrpKeum.
"VChethf>r the other theaters ax: of
fering pood shows or bad, yod tro al
ways sure of finding something that
«is worth the while at the Orpheum. The
house has a standard and lives up to
it fairly well. Now and then 9 bad
turns mar a programme, but on the
I whole there is not a variety house In
I the land that offers as good a bill year
j in and year out.
: There are several new features on the
, bill for the new week, prominent
I among which is Carletta. who styles
! himself "The Human Lizard," and is
I said to be practically boneless. Dol
llne Cole, another newcomer, claims to
Ibe "America's greatest female bary
! tone." Monday night will mark her ini
tial bow to a San Francisco audience.
The comedy portion of the bill will be
1 contributed by Al Wilson, the famous
Dutch comedian, and Crimmins & Gore
in their screamingly funny sketch.
\N bat Are the Wild Waves Saying."
; The biograph will have an entirely new
1 set of views.
The Knaben-Kapelle has been re
tained for another week, but this will
positively be their last.
The hold-overs will include Gallando,
claymodeler, Almont & Dumont, in mu
sical specialties, and Rice & Elmer,
horizontal bar performers. A Jubilee
matinee will be given Monday.
TiVoli.
This week will be the last* of "Brian
Boru" at the Tivoli. The management
I had hoped for a better success with an
opera that was such a tremendous go
in New York, and spared no pains in
the production. There are several con
certed pieces and one or two of the
solos that are worth hearing. The cast
is a long one. including Arthur Donald
son in the part of Brian, Thomas C
Leary as the Pat O'Hara, Florence
| W alcott as Erlna. Edith Hall as Baby
Malone. Tillie Salinger as the English
Princess and Fred Kavanagh as little
Johnnie Dugan. The next piece will be
"The Pearl of Pekin," with Edwin
Stevens as the great Tyfoo. This will
open a new season of the lighter at
tractions, including Hopper's success,
"Dr. Syntax." "Angeline." "Made
laine," a new burlesque on the subject
Of "Sinbad the Sailor." and finally the
second of the Tivoli's annual reviews.
which will be entitled, "Round About
Town."
Morosco's.
Vhe attraction for the week ut Mo
rosco's will be Frank Harvey's sensa
tional melodrama of English life, enti
tled "Brother for Brother." It is a
story of the tragic revenge planned by
Jasper Crane upon Anthony Radford.
a wealthy iron founder who, led to be
lieve his first wife dead, renrnrries, only
to discover that his second marriage is
void and his son illegitimate. However,
the ending is happy, as Crane finally
relents sooner than live op to his re-
venge.
The pathos of the plot is relieved by
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
»Ri£Oi.ANOER GOTTiosaC°u*«i*»n»«»»iß» § ALL 3STE2CT "WEEK *
YOU WILL LAUGH TILL YOU FORGET YOUR NUMBER.
COURTED
lINHTCD I RICH & HARRIS' SPLENDID COMEDY PRODUCTION! |
f "^ f- ~% V \ B_^ " 8 It sclnUllates with witty lines,
m. M m. ' J H^t M It bubbles o'er with sony;
'. " " •^ m ' ;It seta the people laughing, --"'^ ',''•■
i/»u i m m „ • i . a ll ' a play for which tbey Jong.
John J. McNally s Latest. fc«»««Mi«M^B^BM«Mß^^M««Mi«^Md^^™
«« The Most Laughable Comedy of the Century."
MARIE DRESSLER, JOHN C. RICE and 2O Other Farceurs.
Coming- —^BL/\CKI PATTI'S TROUBADOURS.
'' HAVE YOU SEEN
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. m_ _ _ w _ '^_ .
Walter Mcr05c0......:.501e Lessee and Manager -#^.1 llf\ I T IP II "^
last two performances of !_'■■• I II 1 I I J I I /-* I
• "THE BLUE AND THE GRAY." V - i ■** V VI lift. •
COMMENCING TO-MORROW. January 24. _„
Grand and Elaborate Production of ■ Frank i —SHE IS THE
BROTHER FOR BROTHER." MARVEL Of THE MGE I
" BROTHER FOR BROTHER." MARVEL OF THE AGE!
Sensational Fire Scene. Irbn Foundry In Full . cc M AT T av-d omiitvp ivn .
Operation. Tathos. New Scenery. Com- SMALL AND SMILING AND A
edy. A Thrilling Plot. ' TINY TOT.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY. _ r^ n - : w^i««««« o* .v
Evening: Prices. 10c. 25c. 50c. Matinees Sat- Dally Reception at the .
urday and Sunday. ——CHUTES I- — ' ''
1 Afternoon and Evening. RAIN OR SHINE
- METROPOLITAN TEMPLE. *" to all. ****** Vaudeville: Children. ** "
TWO GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS. PCWTnA T r» A T-\T.r '.'-
Thursday. January 27. at 8 o'clock p. m. Sat- ' CIN 1 KAL, PARK.
urday matinee. January 29, at 2 o'clock p. m. > ,„„ rw diot-d..'. *--•■-■
Given by the principal artists of the JUBILEE BASEBALL CARNIVAL
DEL CONTE'S ITALIAN OPERA CO. 3_<= Tflß TPni««= -a
Selections from ' Otello," "Aida," "Force of i ' =» I « TEA/VIS— 3
Destiny," "Africana." ."Roberto II Dlavolo." i TO-DAY— P. M.,
"UsMHKtL" "Boheme." "Tannhauser." Ruy BUSHNBCI ALERTS vs. CAL. MARKETS.
Bias." "Ouarany." "Mlgnon." "Pa*liaeei. ' __ *. nnw>^* "AweiS.
"La Julve," "Crlsplno ;e la : Comare" and | TO-MORROW— M.,
"Lucia." , Tickets now on sale at Sherman & I ' CAL MARKFTS v« WTII # civru-c ■
Clay's: Music Store. Reserved seats. $1; bal- *.AL..inAKHbTS vs. WILL & FINCKS.
cony. 50 cents. . . I ' ; , AD/niSSION-2Sc.
considerable comedy and sensational
scenes of » great foundry in operation
and a lively fire. All the favorites of
Morosco's crrmpany will be seen in
characteristic parts.
Olyrnpia.
The Olympia Music Hall, at the cor
ner of Mason and Eddy streets, was
formally reopened last night witti a
musical and vaudeville entertainment,
chiefly contributed to by Kirchner's
"Lady" Orchestra. Ameng the other
attractions were Anna Killian, violin
soloist; Ma Belle, a serio comic; Jessie
Millar cornet operator, and several
specialists in song and dance.
Ghutes.
Out at the Chutes' Free Theater Chi
quita, the condensed Cuban patriot, is
still the bigpest attraction of her inches
on record. She draws the crowd, even
in cold weather. For the new week a
big vaudeville bill is announced.
Oberon.
The orchestra at the Oberon will have
a new and lively programme for the
week.
Musical Mention.
The young ladies of the graduating:
class at Sacred Heart Convent have
taken In hand an amateur performance
of the comic opera, "Olivette," to be
given in the Native Sons' Hall on Fri
day evening, the proceeds to be de
voted to a parting gift to the teachers.
A concert programme, to which Michal
ena. the tenor, and Marquardt, the vio
linist, will contribute solos, will pre
cede the performance of "Olivette."
An especially interesting programme
is that of the opening of Anton Schott's
second season of song recitals, which
takes place at the Association Audi
torium on Friday evening". Songs by
Beethcven, Schubert and Schumann
will be sung by Mr. Schott and Mrs.
Richards.
Another! Remenyi, the veteran vio
linist, made his debut in vaudeville at
Keith's last Monday night.
The Henschels have just finished a
very succesful season in New York.
May Irwin has another "Johnson"
song which she is introducing with
glad effect in "The Swell Miss Fitz
well." It is called "Keep Your Eye
on Your Friend, Mr. Johnson."
Thirty times was Mancinelli called
out at Madrid during the premiere of
his new *>pera, "Hero and Leander."
[ NEW TO-DAY.
1 ~
I A Pamphlet of 32 Paces,
• I BY G. J. CO URN, D. OS.
; Written Expressly for
! . Origin and Progress of Dentistry,
Some of the Principal Causes of Decay,
Substances Destructive to the Teeth,
Dentifrices— Useful and Injurious,
When a Dentist should be Consulted,
The Toothbrush and Toothpick, etc.
FREE, or with sample of Sozodont 3 cents.
— <r
HALL & RUCKEL
NEW YORK Proprietors LONDON^
84 CANCERS CURED
«]MIITPT> Sjoß^. State of California.
jfli^ r~ |^r^ County of San Fran-
W ~^^"" v M*^ J Cisco — Dr. S. R.
I I lh riiiß of 719 Mar-
V \ J^^A^^r kf>t street pemonally
\1 £i HP^ appeared before me
/i i!z9Bg6flH&__ Rn<l sTr«irs that he
r^_MM9B&3B&H^^k. cured eighty-four
J £JBSp33Ks^Hr^^ cancers during th»
VKcv^ year of 1897. Soma
pgpSiMSISttfWB ■ were cured free and
rn| HnL others were charged
from $26 to $300, ac-
j^P*3m W\t f\\ cording to size. Ha
Jrm^k^^^^^r^ ma I a ' FO swears that ha
111 - Jf M V has refused as many
S more cases, as they
were too far advanced to warrant a cure. Ha
•wear* his cash receipts for the year are $5200,
with a balance of over $1000 due. He sends free
a 76-page book on cancers and tumors cured
without knife or pain. No pay until cured.
S. R. CHAMLET. M. D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Sl*t 1
day of December. 1897. A. J. HENRY, f
• Notary Public.
GOOD TIMES HAVE COME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family in the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction.
You can get both of these publications with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
TKCJOURNAL
f Eh Jj^Ty Pol JwCJfci •
Bi^EW YORK M THI«SQ«r
world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly — a wider
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
and women of culture and refinement than any-
I journal— ever published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum.
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a 2 5 6-pagB
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing the
first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by the
best writers of the day and a mass of short
stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
\ Subscription price, $2 per annum.
Club price for both, $5 per annum.
You can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
the list below. Regular price for each, 50
cents. All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
. by numbers, to
TOW*" TOPICS, ;x.; x .
SOS Fifth Avenue, Sow York.
. I LIST.
«-THE SALE OF A SOUL. By C. M. S. McLelUn. .' .
»-THE COUSIN OF THE KJWG. By A.S. VuiU'e^rnia.
B— SIX MONTHS IN HADES. By Clarice I.'Clingham..
I 9— THE SKIRTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Alfred
Thompson.
To— ANTHONY KENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
j 11— AN ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion Bissell.
is— AN UNSPEAKABLE SIREN". By John Gilliat.
13— THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vynne.
14— A DEAL IN DENVER. By Cilmer McKendree.
15— WHY? SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray.
«6— A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. H. Bickford.
17— MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vynne.
18— OUT OF THE SULPHUR. By T. C. De Leon.
THE WRONG MAN. By Champion Bissell.
THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vivantl
Chartres.
■I— HER STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R. Vynne.
I 11— THE ALTAR OF PASSION. By John Giliiat.
I «-*. MARTYR To LOVE. By Joanna' E. Wood.
Close ONE eye and then THE other
IF you CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND US, US. •
OPTICIANS photogp^ Sup ' plles
4/ 3CIENTIPIC Instruments S J,
gj\| 642 MARKET ST. vp
UHOtRCHROWICLI BU1UOINO^»
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
. _
OLYMPIA. fdVs'S^' .
The Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
Grand Reopening Last Night,
Thousands Delighted by Our
GREAT BILL OF EASTERN
MUSICAL AND VARIETY SPECIALTIES.
Kirchner's Ladies' Orchestra i ]
• ' (Direct from New York).
20— Ladies, All Soloists— 2o
Under the Direction of Miss Anna Kllllan.
JESSIE MILLAR,
Cornet Soloist from Barnuru & Bailey's Great
Hand.
LILLIAN LESLIE,
■ Soprano and Descriptive Vocalist.
MLLE. MA BELLE,
. Character ■ Vocalist.
PURITA,
Dancing Soubrette.
ELLA KIRCHNER,
Musical Specialties.
ANNA KILLIAN,
Violin Soloist.
MATINEE SUNDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
House Thoroughly Heated. ■
Most Comfortable Theater in the City
_ BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera "omp anr
Saturday and Sunday Night£ January^
»„  t^" (1 " 3 - ' sl 'l-AM!TA.' ' *
Monday Evening. January 24. Jubilee Day
i NIDRE.- re< * uesl our greatest success. '■KOU
THE ,LYBECK CYCLE skATING RINKr"
! THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK '
Howard st.. between Third and Founh '
■. • Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions
• ORCHESTRA MUSIC. "^ -
Open daily from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m.7-2 to 4:30
i £ m "; l, tc l 10 iP-«i P -« m - General Admission. 10c; ';
I Gents 1 Skat««. 15c; Ladies' Skates. Free. .•'.COMMERCIAL WORLD.
. SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. >
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley weak.
Oats. Corn and Rye steady.
Hay firm, j Feedstuffs unchanged.
Good demand for Beans.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. ' '
Bay Asparagus appeared. v'"- :
Butter. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
' Poultry market glutted. Game weak and
dull.
Oranges, Apples and Lemons Inactive.
Mexican Limes scarce and firm.
No further change in Dried Fruits.
Provisions firjn and very active.
Wool, Hops and Hides the same.
Beef and Mutton unsettled. Hogs firm.
Bank clearings gain as usual.
To-morrow a holiday.
TO-MORROW A»HOLIDAY.
To-morrow being a legal holiday, business
will be suspended throughout the city.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were J14.035,
0.". against $12,299,542 for the same week last
year.
PRODUCT OF PRECIOUS METALS.
ANNUAL REPORT OF WELLS. FARGO &
CO. ON THE SUBJECT.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells, Fargo
& Cos. Express, has Issued his annual report
of the production of precious metals on the Pa
cific Coast as follows:
Following Is our annual report of precious
metals produced in the States and Territories
west of the Missouri River (Including British
Columbia) durlne IBST, which shows in the
aggregate: Gold. 109.530.597: silver. $31,154,034:
copper, $36.645, G!>4; lead, $9,775,144, Total gross
result. $153,435,469. The ■ •commercial value at
which the several metals named herein -have
been estimated is: Silver. 60. cents per ounce;
copper. 11 cents per pound, and lead, i?, 3$ per
100 pounds. " -
OM'IS
009'UO'Ol
000 tnt
gwatt
j
091 OOO'tSS'I
OMI
ooti
000 'M
000 tc
a- to !
• -O-.M
(too ooo
_o :
li
ESi'CSS'Ct l.'-l
(XW'SQS'f- 000'I9»'6
OQO'OST'S
ObO'U
000 '0K
Blf'Ml
4, oca >>> *• •
WiII OOO'US'C
EGI'SAO'S t
?J?.v!?.... EIS*WB
000*03!
!
i '■•"•-
3*;l
0
I*ooß*l
■1
6M.t«
000 Til •
JW'6lß'a 000
OOO'Mi'J 000*9
000 '(Kit >
put!
•JOX IBSMmJiiM put! «iqwn|().O IMH
UHW3JO ■ ( (il.l/.1..|0;
OlfOPl
uov»uniKi!.\\
I i
The gross yield for 1597. shown above, segre
gated, is approximately as follows:
Gold .43 51-100
Silver 24 24-100
Copper 23 J-S-liX)
Lead 6 37-100
The year's combined product of the metals
herein treated of, is the greatest in the his
tory of the country, that of gold, $89,830,597,
being above any previous record officially re
ported; and the world's output of gold for 1397
—approximately $240.O00,0O>>— is surprisingly
large and more than 10 per- cent greater than
estimated by me six months ago. The most
notable Increases have been In the British pos
sessions of th» Northwest. Australasia, South
Africa, the United States of America- and
Mexico. "
WEATHER REPORT.
<120 th Meridian— Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 22. 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season: _ ;"-'»*
Past This . Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka '1-24 13.12 23.-04
Red Bluff . I 6.60 .'12.09
Sacramento Trace 5.18 7.13
Pan Francisco Trace 5.12 11.14
Fresno 0 2.» 4.90
San Luis Obiapo Trace 2. 52 9.ib
Los Angeles 0 3.7:. 8.44
Pin Diego 0 3.14 6.?!>
Yuma 0 1.06 4.:*!
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 52;
minimum. 45; mean. 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS, j
There has been quite a marked fall in pres
sure throughout the region west of the Rocky
. Mountains, the greatest change* having oc
curred In Southern Nevada. Cloudy weather Is
reported from nearly all sections. Light rain
has fallen In portion* of Northern California
and snow has been general in Oregon and
Idaho. The weather may show unsettled
weather conditions, but no definite storm ap
parent. Scattered showers are likely to occur
to-night and Sunday, but will chiefly be con- j
fined to the southern portion of the State.
Forecasts made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Jan. 23, 189S:
Northern California— cloudy Sunday;
cooler In the Interior and In south portion; j
brisk northwest wind, high on the northern ■
coast.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Sunday,
with llpht snow In mountain region; colder in
the north portion; danger of killing frost Sun
day night; brisk westerly shifting to north
erly winds. ■ .", ;:
Nevada— Light snow Sunday; colder.
Utah— Snow Sunday.
Arizona — Partly cloudy Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity Probably fair !
Sunday, brisk westerly wind, high northwest
off shore.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 6 p. m.— Clear; wind northwest. 48 miles per
hour; temperature, 33; maximum, 40.
W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 53%
L Sterling Cables — 4 86
« Xew York Exchange, sight — 17% I
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. . — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars 47 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There will be no session of the Ex
change to-morrow.
The Glaucus takes for Cork 70,802 ctls, valued
at $39,100.
- Futures were off. for no visible reason, as
Chicago and the foreign markets were all
firmer. The spot market was unchanged.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $138%
©1 M for No. l. $1 41% for choice and $1 ttff
?1 *7% per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— ctls, I
$1 39%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $138%; 2000, i
$135%; 6000. $135%: 56.000. $1 3S'.i; 8000. $1 3SH- j
December— 2ooo, $1 25%.
Regular Horning Session— Slay— l6,ooo ctls, !
$1 38%: 6000, *1 38%. \
• BARLEY — Futures were lower and the spot j
market was dull and rather easy, owing to the j
' cloudy weather.
Feed, 92%<??97%c for dark to good and $1@ j
102% for choice: brewing, $1 1001 12% for No.
1 and $1 02^01 05 per ctl for dark Coast. ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— ctls, :
81»ic; 2000. 91% c.
Second May— 2ooo ctls, 91% c; 14,000, ,
Sl>*c. '' • JRMsMtfi%RgyjAHßjH£
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls,
9114 c.
OATS— situation Is unchanged. Trade Is
fair.
Fancy Feed, $1 20®l 25 per ctl; rood to
choice. $1 Is<j?l 17%; common, $1 1001 12%; ,
Surprise, $1 2501 35: Red, $1 30@l 40: Gray.
$1 12%©1 17%: Milling. $1 07%@l 12%: Black,
for seed, $1 35*31 60. Clipped Oats sell at ?1@
2 per ton over the raw product.
CORN— Previous prices are quoted for all de
scriptions.
Small Round Yellow, $101 02% per ctl; Large
Yellow, 97%c@$l; "White, 95c<g$l.
RTE— sl 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI £o@l 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFa .
X FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
M ''<^* «: Bakers' extras. $4 80@4 40 per bbt.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; riye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 23; extra cream
do. IS: Oatmeal, *2 50; Oat Groats, $4. Hom
iny, tS I*s*3 30; Buckwheat- Flour,'- »4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, *4 50; Whole Wheat
Hour. $3 2.-; Rolled Oats (bbls). $s@r. 40; In
sacks. $4 BOOC 20; Poarl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 £0; Green do, $4 2:. per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEED6TUFFS.
Hay Is firm at the recent advance. Fead
stuffs remain the samp.
■ BRAN— SI 9 50@20 18.
MIDDLINGS— *21(g24 50.
FEEDSTCFFS— Rolled Barley, *21@2J per
ton; Oilcake Meal a; the mill. $2* 50©» M:
Jobbing. *30; Cocoanut Cake. $19®20; Cotton
seed Meal. $2P«?30 per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $14©
18 SO per ton; Wheat and Oat. tUtgl* 50: Oat.
$V.'nt[ 50; Barley. tlZ@\s: compressed. $14^16;
Airaifa. $10 60©U 50; stock, $10@U DO; Clorer,
$11*712 per ton.
STRAW— per bala.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers report a Rood demand for Beans at
firm prices. There is no change whatever In
Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos, »2 9003; Small Whites.
$1 25®1 40; Large Whites. $1 20JH 35; Pinks.
$1 90@2; Reds. $1 SOQI 70; Rlaokeye. $2 2.'@
2 50: Butters. $1 40©l 50; Llmas. $1 65«1 75;
Pea. $1 254H 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per Btl; Yellow
Mustard, $2£2 50; Flax. $1 Ro@2; Canary Seed.
2«i@2%c per Tb; Alfalfa. 3©6 c; Rape, 2©2»4c;
Hemp. AC;a C ; Timothy. SV-C.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25: Green. SI 20©
1 40 per ctl. ■- .'
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
.
Asparagus from Bay Farm Island appeared
and sold at 30c per Ib.
There was no change In Potatoes and Onions.
Peas and Beans were in light receipt and firm.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, ?2 per
1 dozen. »
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 6Mi:7oc: River R«-d».
43<i?f>0c; River Burbanks, 60#65c: Oregon Bur
; banks, 60®90c; Salinas Burbanks, 75c351 :
1 Sweet Potatoes. 50c per ctl for Rivers and
<Wf?7r>c for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
| 24?2V.0 per lb.
ONIONS— r.<K?2 65 per ctl; cut Onions.
$1 So(f?2 per rk. :. "
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash. $12^15
for ton: Huhhard Squash. $12'f?l" per ton; Pried
Peppers. WMOc per 1b: Dried Okra. I.V-: Cab
i base 60®75c per ctl: Carrots. 2.">^fiO<* per sack:
: Garlic. 3«?3Hc P<*r lb: AspHrninis. lS^3Oc per lb.
Los Antreles Green Pens, 4*f <".<-: String Beans.
Irk-; Tomatoes. 50c@$l 25: Green Perpers. IS*
i 20c per l)i. Summer Squash, 10c; Egg Plant,
| 15@20c per lb.
FOULTRT AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern came In and sales
were made at 9010 c for Turkeys, $5 for Ducks
and Hens. $4 IBOi for young Roosters. $3 75 for
old Roo«ters and $4 50 for Fryers. The market
is overloaded with both Eastern and local
stock and ■ lnrse quantity was carried over.
As there will be no business till Tuesday the
outlook for this carrled-over stock Is poor.
Oame is about the same.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. 9J?lOc for Gobblers and ?#loc
for Hens: dressed Turkeys. ll©l3c per Ib:
Op Cs rer pair, $1 25®1 50; Ducks. $4*jfl: Hens.
«?,r??4- Roosters, young, *4©4 B0: do old. 13 50;
Fryers. $4 25£?4 50: Broilers, $4<3'4 25 for large
and $3?T3 60 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for young and 75cf?$1 for old.
GAME— Quail, per dor. $1: Mallard. $3: Can
vasback. %?.<fH: Sprig. $1 25®1 50: Teal. 7Bc«?$l;
Widgeon. $1; Small Pucks. 75c: Gray Geese.
$2 50- White, 7r--frsl: Brant. Jl©l B0: Honkers.
*3 50®4; English Snipe. *2: Jack Snipe. $1:
Hare. $1: Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further change In any descrip
tion. Butter Is steady and Eggs and Cheese
are weak.
BUTTER— • ' •
Creamery — Fancy Creameries, 25@28e: sec
onds. 239246.
Dairy— to fancy, 22'3'23c; lower grades.
20f?21c per Tb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 22@23c; ladle
: paok<».l, 17m?f21c per Tb. ■'
CHEEPE — mild new. lie: common to
j goo.l. 8@10c; Cream Cheddar. lOffllc; Young
| America, ' 11^12'-; Western, ll@12c; Eastern,
12H(§'13%4c per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 20<g22c per do»; store
Eggs, i7%@i9c. __ .'..;- ;. < -:.vi
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Limes are stiff, as the steamer brought up
; only 170 Mexicans. Oranges, Lemons and Ap
i ples are dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7&S per bbl; Coos Bay. $1 50©
2 per box.
Apples, 23^40c per" box for common. sOcotl
for good to ell lice and $1 25-71 40 for fancy;
Lady Apples. 50cO$l for large boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 2C«
I 25; Seedling*. NcMli Mandarins. tlQl 50
for large and 65@75c for small boxes; Grape
Fruit. 12 r.T'7." per box: l Lemons, SOc@tl for
common and II tSQI for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $5 5066 per box; California Limes.
In small boxes. 50@T5c: Bananas, $1 25(g"2 23 per
bunch; Pineapple*. per dozen, .*»--■...-.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Although Prunes '. are ' wanted by the: East
they are not particularly stiff, and the slight
i est attempt to raise prices immediately checks
I the demand. Apples are firm and Peaches
steady. The other kinds are dull.
DRIED FRUITS — Prunes, carload lots.
4i4®A&ic for 40-50" 3*i*f4Vic for 50-60"
2U®3»;c for 60-70' 2«i<93lie for 70-*o's.
2li®2*ie for 60-S0 f s. l&?i2Vic for 90-100' 8 -
Peaches. i He; fancy, r,@3V4c; peeled. 103
12Vjc; Apricots. 666 c for Royals and 7©Be for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples
t'4@7c: sun-dried. 4®4V»c; black Fits. In sacks'
2tf2'4c; Plums. 4<4f?4»4c for pitted and l-?li, c
for unpitted: bleached Plums. E#sVc; Nec
tarine 4gsc for prime to fancy; Pears 2\iQ
4%c for quarters and 2@s^c for halves, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins, 2U@Je for two
crown. 4c for three-crown. Be for four-crown
6Hc for Seedless Sultanas and $1 io@l 15 tor
London layers; dried Grapes, 2\c.
Chestnuts are quotable at 8<?10c per
Ib; Walnuts. s*?r6e for hardshell and 6®70
; for softshell: Almonds. S\4@3Hc for hardshell
' s®6c for softshell and 7®Bc for paper-shell
Peanuts, 4@5%c 'for Eastern and 41* for Call
' fornla; Pecans, 6^@Bc; Filberts, B'-.®iftc ; Bra
zll Nuts, S&9c per It); Cocoanuts, $4 5003 per
HONEY— New Comb, 8010 c for bright and E@
7" for lower trades; new water-white ex
tracted, 4H'?sc: light amber extracted, WSVic
per Jb.
BEESWAX— 23®2Sc per TV
PROVISIONS.
The market Is firm and exceptionally active,
with good prospects for an advance In Pork
products. BTJH
CURED MEATS— Bacon, BHc per It> for
heavy. 9c for light medium, 10c for light. 10\«c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. lOHSllc: California
Hams. 9@9>4c: Mess Beef. 18 50 per bbl: extra
mess do. $9 50; family do, $11012; salt Pork. 1
JS-3S 10; extra prime Pork, $9 50: extra clear. :
116; mess. $14 50; Smoked Beef, 1 812% C per ,
Ib. •
'LARD^-Eastern tierces quoted at s\Jc per Tb
for compound and 6c for pure: palls, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces. Re per Ib for compound «nd «o
for pure; half-bbls, 6Uc; 10-Tb tins, "c; do 5-Iti, :
7%c per Tt>.
COTTOLn:NT3-Tlerc«s. sTi(iTfiK«?: packer**,
less than 300 TTis— palls. CO In a ras». RTte:
3-rb palls. 20 in a case, «%c; 6-Tb pails. 12 In a
case. 4 c: 10-Tb nails. « in ft case. RHc; 30-Ib
tins, one or two in a case. 7540: wooden buck
ets. 20 rhs net. 7T*r«: fancy tubs. SO tbs net. 7Sc; ;
half-bbls. about 110 Tbs. 7^c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Dealer* quote previous prices for all descrip
tions. • - - "'; ■••
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
10©10% c p»r lb; medium, 9c; light. 9c; Cow
hide*. 9#>9%c; Stags, 6c: salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
lie: dry Hides, 16": culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal, 14@16c: dry Calf. IS<J2Oe: culls.
!6<3!17c; Goatskins. 20ffJ37%c each: Kids. $©10c:
Deerskins, good summer. 2-.f?!!Oc per lb: me
dium. 20c: winter. 10c: Sheet>skln». shearlings
JO-(?30c each: short wool. 40<370e »ach; medium
70*? We: long wools. 90c®$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 3«?3V4e p«. r ft: No
2, ?«7 : r»rtne<l. r.e: Crease. 2i»2He.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties-free. 10«
13c; d<-> defective. lO^llc: San Joaquln. defec
tive. 7®9c: Southern Mountain. Wile: fre«
Northern. 12(frl3c: do • defective. 9011 c: Hum
hr>Tdt and Mendoclno, 1?«m.e: Eastern Oregon
9<??l3c: Vnllov Oregon. 1*!<?818c.
•HOPS— OId --crop, 8«?«o for rw>r to fair and 8
®10c for good; new crop. ll@lsc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
— Calcutta Grain nags, 1593 delivery,
5%«?»9Jc; Wool Bags, 27630 c.
— Very scarce and firm. Welling
ton, $8; New Wellington, $8; Southfleld
Wellington, $7 60; Seattle, $5 CO; Bryant,
$5 50: Coos Bay, $173; Wallsend, $7;
Cumberland; $14 56 In bulk and $16 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $•,)
per ton: Rock Springs,- Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 60; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and
$15 In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Surar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6*4 c; Powdered, 6Hc; Dry
Granulated. 6%c: Confectioners' A. S\c: Mag
nolia A. ?,%c; Extra C. 6Vic: Golden C. 6%c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c; -California A. 6%c per
lb: hnlf-bbls %c more than barrels, and boxes
He more.
SAN FRANCISCO, MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm at the advance. Beef and
Mutton are unsettled, owing to the uncer
tainty regarding the weather, but price* are
unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%©7e; second do. &HO
6c; thiiJ do. 4@sc per lb.
YEAL — Large, £>©6c; small, 6^7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 607e; ewe«, «c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, nominal. . ■ ,
PORK— Live Hogs. 4c for In rare. 3Hc for
small and 3»ic for medium; soft Hogs, Jt?3^c;
dressed, do, 6%@6c per . lb.
- ■■
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 1898.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, January 22.
Flour, qr sks ... U.ftftfiHay. ton* 421
Wheat, ctls 49.24 D Straw, tons 11
Barley, ctla 6*o Hops, bales X
Corn. ctlß 3H> Pelts, bdU 120
Cheese, etls 1^ Hides, no 236
Butter, ctls 37 Eggs, dol 3,090
Tallow, ctls n Leather, rolls .. Mo
Beans, sks 728 Wine, gals 75,500
Potatoes, sks .. 2.71.V Quicksilver, fisk. 12
Onions, sks .... 54 Lime. bbU 12u
Middlings, sks .. 50 >
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,r.3« Bran, sks LM
Wheat, ctls 3.940 Shorts, ska I.81K)
Oats, ctls 2.271
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were firm and the best prlcei
were rather above those of Friday.
There will be no sessions of the boards to
morrow.
The Ctah delinquent sale takes place on
Tuesday.
The Thorpe Mining Company of Calaveran
County has levied an assessment of £V» cents
por share, delinquent February if.
The Parrott Company of Butte, Mont., re
cently paid a dividend of 6 per cent, amount
ing to $138,000.
The North Banner Consolidated Tunnel Com
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess
ment of 2 cents per share, delinquent March 1.
The Boston and Montana Copper Mtnlng
Company has declared a dividend of $3 per
share, amounting to $450,000, payable February
19. The dividend to be paid next month will
swell the total disbursements of the company
to t7.115.W0.
The output of or* from the Consolidated Cali
fornia & Virginia mine last week amounted
to six tons, of the average assay value of
$47 33 per ton.
At the annual meeting of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company on Friday the old board of di
rectors was re-elerted. with J..hn I>. Spreekels
as president. Charles Goodall vice-president.
J. D. Sfireckels & Bra*. Company treasurer,
and E. H. Sheldon secretary. The financial
statement of the company is a very satis
factory one. showing assets amounting to
$I.7on.<v>o. One year ago the company had an
indebtedness of $67. firm. To-day it has no debts
and has an available surplus of $114. 0n0, of
which $67/ioo is cash on hand and $37,000 in
bills receivable.
Mining dividends In l«r>7 were Sn.SOO.SIS.
against $14.155.500 In 1S»«. the annual average
for the p^st seventeen years being $11,920,000.
Last years dividends beat the record for this
period. The figures are from the New York
Engineering and Mining Journal.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
M
T. I W.i T. I M S.
j 07!.. ..1 06! M ■
I IS 14 15 14 15
11 13 14' 16 15
34 36 33 41 42
45 45 46 f.l 65
OS OS «8 10 11
15 ' 20 20
I IS V 30 1 S3 84
20 22 17 28 2S
1 15 1 W 1 15 1 M|l 29
75 701 7S 80 84
23 231 29 ■ ■
31 32! 34 36 37
1 2011 25 1 15 1 30jl 30
20 Si 23 26! 28
r.r.f mi f.s 60 63
! M OS' 11 111 12
H 4511 4511 50 1 fiO'i fin
■ 30; 30 3:'. X, 36
IT M 17 17 18
I 061 05 1 06.... -06
jl 50 1 60 1M145 145
I 571 56! 60 71 75
34 1 Bl 37 41 43
08,09 11 12 13
] SO I 30 34 34 36
Upha .' 07
Uta . is!
\ndes 13!
"telcher ».;..... 35
Jest & Belcher 47
bullion 08
Caledonia ' 20
Challenge :... 31
'hollar ! 24 ;
■"on. Cal. & Va 1 IS 1
Confidence 75!
>own Point 25
Jould & Curry 34
4ale & XorcroßS 1 25
Mexican f 23
">phlr 86
Overman 11l
Accidental I SOI
f*otosl 32
'avare 151
'eir. Belcher 06'
standard ISO
'lerra Nevada 61 1
■*nlon 36
.'tah 08
fellow Jacket 32
BOARD SALES.
. -Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:3o.
800 Belcher 42,1000ph1r "63
200 Best & Belchr.. .".4 100 Overman 12
••"I 55 100 Potosi 86
205 Bullion 11 300 Sierra Nev ... 75
50 Con Cal A Va..l ■'■ 100 Union Con 43
200 Crown Point .. 2* 100 42
100 Justice 37 100 Utah 13
2jo Mexican 2S 200 Yellow Jacket .. 30
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
Alta 14 400 Ophlr 62
500 Andes 15 ' 600 Overman 12
400 Belcher 42 200 Potosi Si
■M 43 700 Savage 19
300 41 5011 .., 2,1
900 Best & Belchr.. 51 16001 600 Scorpion 05
S<M) Challenge 34 700 B4 M 07
300 Con Cal & Va..l 20 MV' Sierra Nev .... 73
soo iwt'im ..... 74
100 Confidence 5.% 700 Union Con 41
200 Crown Point ... 2s 11200 49
400 Gould * Curry.. Kjaoo 40
300 36i400 ..:...... 43
s<io Ken tuck 051500 Utah 13
400 Mexican ..;..... 2S 3f>o Yellow Jacket .. Si
600 ...... 271200 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 22—12 m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 OS Julia 01 03
Alta ;... 14 15 Justice 37 —
Andes 15 16 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 40 41 1 Mexican 25 27
Best & Belchr. 51 5J Occidental 1 .V) —
Bullion 10 11 Ophlr 60 61
Caledonia 20 — Overman ....... 11 12
Chollar 17 21 Potosl 35 56
Con Cal & Va.l 15 120 Pnvage 18 19
Challenge Con. 33 34 Peg Belchr ... 06 07
Con imp 01 02 Scorpion 04 —
Confidence SO RC Sierra Nev 73 75
Crown Point .. 27 2$ Silver Hill ....'. 03 04
Con New Yorjc. — OS Standard 145 —
Eureka Con ... — 25 Union Con .... 41 43
Gould & Curry. 34 30 Utah 12 13
Halo & Norcrs.l 30 1 33 ' Yellow Jacket . 33 36
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. 22—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
. 4s quar coup..H3'.*imi Oakland Gas.. 55% —
4s quar reg...112 11314 Pac Gas 1m... 9J«» 931;
,4s quar new. ..125 — , Pac LCo ... M 67
1 Miscellaneous— »F O A E... 9514 5.5%
I Cal-st Cab 55.11S — San Fran $X 3*
Cal El L 65. .126%- Stockton Gas. 14H -
: C C Wat 55... 100 — Insurance— .
; Dup-st ox c. — 99% Flrem's Fnd..l»7H —
EL & P 65..129«4129< Bank Stocks—
F& Ch Ry65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 5r,« ES
Geary-st R 5«. 95W102 Bank of Ca1...24« 249
HC & S 5%. .105 — Cal SD & T.. - 101
L A LCo 65.. — 100 First Nat . 100 —
Do gntd 65. .100 101 Lon P & A. .130 —
Market-at (»..!» — Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Do Ist M 68.114 114% NOT Nat 8...1 M —
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Savings Banks—
IN C ngßy 75. 100 101 Ocr 8& L 1171 1620
NRy Cal 65..10»«4 — Hum S& L 1050 1160
tN Ry Cal B»..1O2 - Mutual Say. 35 40
NPC Ry 65. 104% — 8 F Say U.. 475 -
NPC Rv ss. 99% — 8& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 6«...104 — 1 Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 65. .11 l 112 '. Union TCo 950 —
Om Ry es 128 123% Street Railroad—
P&O Ry 6s.HO 115 California ....108 109
P&CH Ry 6^.101 109' i Oenry 40 —
Powell-«t 6s .119 122 Market -st .... 53% 6J%
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Oak SL& H. — —
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 j Presidio 7 —
S F & N P55.104% — ! Powder—
SPof Ar 6«..101%103 California .... 97% US
B P Cal 65.... 109*4110% E Dynamite .. 85 90
SPC Ist eg ss. 96%100 Giant Con Co 38% 39
S P Br 6s 109Vi1099i Vlgorlt 3% 3Ti
S V Wat 65.. 119* — ! Miscellaneous—
8 V Wat 45.. 102% — Al Pac Assn.. 95%100
Stock Gas 6s. .100 103 i Ger Ld Wks.lOO 150
Water— H C * S Co 31 31%
Contra Costa. — ' 87% Hutch S P Co. 42% 42U
Marln Co .... SO — , Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Spring V«l ... 99&100 I Nat Vln Co .. — 7%
Gas & Electric— !Oc S Co .... 36% 37
Cent Gaslight. 93% — Pac A F 41.. 1% S .
Capital Gas... — — I Pac Bor C 0... 94 100
M E L C 0.... 15H 15% Par Paint Co. 6>4 —
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
CO Contra Costa Water 55 00
105 Giant Con Co js 50 !
115 do do ' ss 25 :
10 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 42 37U
240 do do 42 25
CO Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar ... 31 00
80 Mutual Electric Light 15 37%
12:. Oceanic Stoamsplp Co 3d 60 -
5 Pacific Lighting 5450
10 Pacific Gas Imp 93 50
115 S F Gas & Electric Co 96 25
28 Spring. Valley Water , 100 00
Street—
$5000 Northern Ry of C I us Bonds 102 00
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. ISM.
To.
w.
Th.
jrr.
1
—
1
©Full Moon,
Jan. 7.
|
s
i
Last Qi
Jan.
9
10
In
»
"I
»;
-
.
•
!«!
I.
21 I
a New Moon,
W Jan. 22.
—
»
2.">
*
27
«
i»i
■
SO
•^Flrßt Quarter,
1 .9 Jan. 2i.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators ar« cordially Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world ar« kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always tv> obtained regarding
tights, dangers to navigation end all matter*
of interest to crcean commerre.
The time ball on top of the building on Telo
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes he'or«
I noon and Is dropped at nnon. 110 th meridian
j by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mart
Island. Cal.
A notice stating wheth«"- tne time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
day. W 8. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMEKS TJ ARIIIVE.
STKAMEB. \ " From | Dl-»
Willamette.... Seattle, Jan 23
Kmp1re. ......... Coon Bay.. ....«,.... Jan 33
Bristol Departure Bay Jan ?»
Burma Sniwlmn ... Jan 28
Homer Coos Bay : ;. ! Jan 23
President.. ulna Bay i Jan 23
Czarina 'Coos Bay , Jan 38
Crescent City.. Crescent Citr Jan 23
Weeott Crescent City.. Jan 24
Arcnta Coos Bay Jan 24
Columoia Portland... Jan 25
Coptic China and Japan Jan 23
Santa Rosa „. San Dleco Jan 23
Pomona. ■ Humboiat Bay jan 25
Mackinaw Tacoma | Jan 20
Coos Bay Xewpori Jan 27
Walla Walla. .. Victoria and Puret Snd... Jan 27
San Mateo Comox Jan 27
CottasreClty New York Jan 18
Del N0rte...... Grays Harbor Jan 28
Orizaba Mexico Jan 18
Oueen San Dl«sro • Jan 2V
San Bias . Panama Jan 29
State or Cat.... Portland Jan ;*l
A. Blancnard... Yaqulna Bay Jan 81
Alliance Yukon Feb 1
t'matlTla .:. .. Victoria * Ptisret Sna Feb 1
City of Rio J...iChlnaanrt Japan .. . IFeb 1
■ TEAMEKS TO S All..
cte a M l l'.
State of Ca
ATIOX-
SAIIA
I
0u*»«n ......
41U08.. .
Australia
Honior
iiTiiurm. .
rciita
zarlna . .
i"eeott
Ity Puebla
Portland
<an D1eK0....
Skarnaj
i Honolulu. .
' Newport.
• Yaqulna Bay.
' Coos Bay
Coos Bay ....
' Humbldt Bay.
Vie ,V Pet Snd
Chlna&Japan.
Hiuiiblilt Hay.
Crescent City.
3an Dseiro
Portland
Panama
Newport.
Grays Harbor
Vie 4 P Sound
tan 2.\ 10 Ay
lan 23. 11 At
Tan 25, ■> pm
Tan 25. 2 p>i
'.in 35. It ay
Jan 2.V 10 a*
lan 25. 12 >■
Jan 2•. h i>m
Jan M, 9 am
Jan •-'•;, .' am
Jan K. 1 pm
.lan 28. 2 py
Jan 2«. 3 pm
Jan 27. 11 AM
Jan M. 1U am
Jan 2.-.. i- jj
Jan Ml ii ah
Jan 30. 12 m
Jan Si. » am
Pier M
Pier 11
Pier' 2
Pier 7
Pier 11
Plor 2
Pier 1.1
Pier 8
Pier M
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier »
Pier —
Pier 11
PW 24
PM SS
Pier 11
'Pier 1
Pier »
em
otnona .
reseent c '
jntn Rosa
i ilu in liia..
olon
oo« B.iv . .
el Norto .
'ai;.i \v.:,-i
SI >', MOOX AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Helshts of High and L»n"w
"Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to Ban
Francisco Hay. Published by Official Au- -
thnrity of th." Saporlntf-ndent.
Nf»TE— The hlcii an-1 l.>u waters occur at
the city front i Mlsslun-street wharf) about
twenty-ftw mlnutrn lat^r than at Fort Point;
the helplit of tide is the same at both places.
JANUARY-ISH.
Sunday, January VI
Sun rises 7:20
Sets 6:23
Moon Bets 7:!ti pm
? i Tls£ ' Feet ' HE? ; Feet I ™E2 ' Feet I
5 H W I. W H W
Feet
I 8:49 4XI f-:M
'< 1:18 5.0 fi:3lj
2:03 S.li 7:2J :
2.7 1TT451
2.4 12::« i
2.1 1:«
Q
I OST
i 7:16
I 7:M
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th#
»e<«on<l time column Fives- the oecond tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and th»» last or right hand column 'gives the
last tide of the day. except- when- there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. 'The heights
given "are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast P:irrny I charts." except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helghtand
then the number given Is subtracters from the
depth given by the charts. ,:.;-. : . -
THE TIME TALL.
Branch Hydregraphlc Ofnc-. V. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, January
22. I*?*.
Tne time ball on Telegraph Hill : wan
dropped exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m..
Greenwich time," W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant I*. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING I!STELLIOK!SCE.
ARRIVED.
. . . . Saturday, January 22. j
Stmr Progreso. Storrs. X hours from Seattle; -
2700 tons coal to P B Cornwall.
Stmr North Fork. Rash. 23 hours from Eu
reka; pass and md»e to Charles Nelson.
Stmr. Rival, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber to Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr Albion. Thwinp. $3 hours from San
Dfego; 408 sks oats to H. Dutard. •■. : "
Btmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 17 hour« from
Whltesboro; railroad ties to L.. E. White Lum
ber Co. .
Stmr Alex Duncan. Parsons." 122 hours from
San Pedro: produce to <> ••lull. Perkins & Co.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart, £5 hours from
Ventura: produce to Field & Stone.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. 59 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdsa
to Goodall, Perkins St Co.
Stmr Lacuna, Peterson, 78 hours from Huen
eme; produce to Pollard & Dodge.
Schr Newark, Heck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing; 155 M ft lumber to F. Heywood.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, 30 hours from Point
Arena: wood to Bender Bros.
Schr Mary Etta. man. 24 hours from Bow
ens Landing; 3000 posts, 30 cds wood to Bender
Bros.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 21.
Stmr Pan Jose, PtlUbury. for San Jose de
Guatemala; P M S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. •
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Ooodn.ll, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen. Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins* Co.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Shea. San Diego; Oood
all. Perkins & Co.
Bark -Harvester, Gruner, Nanalmo; Hume
Bros & Hum*
Fr bark Vllle de Rouen, Letester, Queens
town; Glrvln & -Eyre.
Brig Lurllne. McLeod. Kahulul; Hawaiian
Commercial & Sugar Co.
Schr Czar, Hutman, Mazatlan; \Vm Olsen.
SAILED.
Saturday, January 12.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Warner, Yaqulna Bay.
' Ship Columbia.
Hr ship Glaucun. Bennett, Queenstown.
Brh? Blakeley. Gard. .
Bktn' Skagit, Robertson. Port Gamble.
Bohr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar.
Bohr .Una. Harklns. Champerico.
Schr W. F. Jewett. Johnson, Columbia River,
■ehr Bender Bros., Wetiel. Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Buhne. Ramsellus, Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The Sharpshooter loads sugar at Kahulul
for this part.
The Drammen loads lumber at Tacoma for
St. Nazalre. e3s 9d: W H Talbot, lumber at
Port Gamble for Honolulu.
The H. Blschoff loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe.
The Pierre Cornellle was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe. JOs.
pt 'MKSTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEXn— Arrived Jan 12— Schr
Albert Mevi-r. rrota San Pe.lr.i.
FOHT BRAGG- Sailed Jan 22 r — Stmr Coqullle
Itlwr. f..r Son Francisco.
POINT REYKS-Pa»»ed Jan 22. 1120 a m—
Bhll> Columbia, from Tacoma for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANOKL.ES— Sailed— Jan 22, schr
Ethel Zane. for Olympla.
SAX I'EDRO- Sailed— Jan 20. stmr Pasadena
for Eureka; stmr Sunol. for San Francisco*
Hchr Peerless, for Tacoma; schr Maweema for
Seattle.
C(>os BAY— Barbound— Jan 22, ttmr Arcata,
f<.r S;in Franrleco.
UALLARD-Salled— Jan 22, schr Lena. Swea
ety, for Ban Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Fiancee
from Colon.
.FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTII— SaiIed Jan ll— Br ship Tarana
for Liverpool. - -
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 21— Br ship Sa
moena. for Kle«»twnnd. - — >.. .
RIO DE JANElßO— Arrived Jan Stmr
New England, from Boston, for Vancouver
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Jan Ocr ship
Astrud, from Swansea, chartered to load wheat
at Oregon; 17th, Br ship Ballachulieh from
Cardiff; to nall'Rd. bark Guardian, for Port
Townsend ; . In port, 19th,., Ger ship Alice* Ger
ship Pallas; Ur ship Holyrood; Ger shin Ben
Volrllch. for Oregon. , - , v™ u
GUAYMAS— In port Jan IS; to sail 28th or
Nth— Bchr Norm*, for Honduras, via Carmen
Islands.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived— 18, bktn Echo
from Amoy. " '
AUCKLAND— SaiIed— Jan 22. Btmr Marlpoaa
for San Francisco. " "
IMPORTATIONS.
SAN PEDRO— Per Alex Duncan— 1250 sks
barley.
:LOIJPOC— « hogs. 1 pkg faucets, 21 pkgs
mdae.
VENTURA— Per South Coa«t— 4»61 ska barley
823 sks corn. "
VICTORIA— Per City of Purbla— 2 bxs sweep-
Ings, I pkM mdsp, 367 sks hides. 47 cs hides 10
bdls dry hides. 1 bdl dried calf. 7 sks glue
stock. 1 pkR. express, 1 sk coin.
Port Townsend— l pkg express. 1 sk coin
Seattle— l . cs . oil, 4. cs dry good*; 73 pkg»
mdse, '.< pHitf Junk. 12 bxs fish. 30 bdls 90 rolls
paper, 120 » herring. I cs clothing, 6 ca
patent medicine. 40 pkgs hide«, C7O bdls s hides
3 cs salmon, 4 bags coffee, 14 ca X fuse, 1096
sko oats. 14 pkifs express, .3 s»ks coin.
Seattle ex G N- R R— ska wheat. ' 400
sks 200 half sks flour, 1271 copper Ingots, 3 pkgs
mdse, 1 cs baking powder.
Juneau— l cs caps.
Kltchlkan— l bx ore. .
Mary Island— 2 hbls 10 half bbls salmon
West of Fargo— Via Tnrnm.i— 1699 sks wheat
1760* hf-sks 2734 qr-sks flour, 2 pkga sacks - I
pkS* groceries. S&U sks bran, 1 cs cigars.
Tacoma— 7 pkgs bee hives, 957 bdls basket
shook*. 1 cs drugs. 1 cs shoes, 13 cs 2 bhls
nil. 882 sks wheat. 1 bx fish, 4200 aks bran, 44
pkgs mdse. 900 bars bullion. 1300 sks middlings
Ana cones— 2S pkgs mdse. 1426 sks oats, mo
cs salmon. 1200 bbls lime. . .
Everett— l7 bdls 4cs paper, 871 pkgs shook*,
2500 bars bullion.
New Whatcom— l c« lampwlck, 1 roll belting,
IIS pkjfß herring.
Vancouver ex C P S S " Co— l 7 bdls skins,
75<>fl pkgs mdse and rice.
East via Vancouver— lso bbls " (craps sugar,
&5 bills SO half bbls glucose, 3 cars lumber. 1?S
•*s 100 pkgs 5 hhds tobacco. 4 cs cigarettes, 14
pkgs electric goods. 25 bales duck, 3 cm boots
and shoes. 63 cs hats, 2 cs cutlery. 1 cs clothes
pins, 7' cs hardware, 17 pkgs stamped ware,
ft bathtubs, 10 \V C tanks, 1 cs Ink, 1 cs paper.
23 pkgs mdse. 200 bags sp peas, 1335 bxs tin
plate, 5 bxs lamp fixtures. 1 bbl ammonia. ♦»
pkgs presses, 62S bdls 1 wire, 10 bbls varnish,
Jj2 r.xs common soap.
HIENEME— Per Laguna— 2lll sks barley, 717
skit beans, 1532 sks corn.
EUREKA- Per Xorth Fork— ls bxs fish, 29
bdls hides, 15 sks glue stock, 2 pcs wheels, 151
M ft lumber, 1233 41 shingles, 74 M shakes, 60
cd* stave bolts. ;
NEW YORK— Per Colon— B6s bbls soda ash.
212 pk»ti« dry goods, 337 pkgs paper, 338 cs nails.
3ii2o kegs nails, 353 kegs washers, 43 kegs bolts,
275 kegs spikes. 344 kegs rivets, 695 pkgs hard
ware. IS cs pianos, H7l pkgs wire. 672 pcs pipe.
85 bdls pipe. 2395 cs sauce. 84S cs St ware, S5
colls rope. 299 bbls oil, SSO cs toothpicks. 100
bbls oakum. 906 pkgs merchandise.
■ Europe — cs sardines, 300 cs whisky, 117 cs
merchandise.
South America— 200 sks cocoa. 31 pkgs mer
chandise.
Central America— l 667 sks coffee, 6 ■ pkgs
treasure value $4376.
Acapulco, Mexico— 22l cs limes.
Mazatlan, Mexico— 7l pkgs treasure value
$20,000 Mexican and $77.554 gold, DS3 skß ore, 166
pkgs merchandise.
~ CONSIGNEES.
Per ftmr South Coast— Field & Stone Co.
Per Laguna— Bnlfour, Guthrle & Co: Bray's
Sons & Co; A Oerberdlng & Co; Erlanger &
Galinger.
Per Stmr Alex Duncan — H Dutard: A Pal
lios: Standard OH Co; .1 Welland Brewing Co.
Per Puebla— Selhy Smelting & Lead Co; Saw
yer Tanning Co: Elsnl<icr A.- Co; Wells, Fargo
& Co: Pope Manufacturing Co: A Schwabacher;
Buyer & Reich; Charles Harley: Cohen &
Hlrsch; Duff & Co; Getz Bros & Co; Goldstein
& Co; L Goodfrlend; Heyneman & Co; Cali
fornia Powder Works: Norton Tanning Co;
Tlllmann & Bendcl; Wheaton, Breon & "Co;
Kuhlman & Salz: Italian Fish Merchants; H
Dutard: Southern Pacific Milling Co; Eppinger
A Co; Royal Milling Co; Triest & Co; Clement
Bros: Allen & Lewis; American Blacuft Co;
C J Lelst & Co; C M Bryant: George Morrow
& Co: H It Martin & Co; H J Allen; II W
Hlgglns; Thomas Watson: TV-C Price & Co;
C E Worden & Co; Bates & Sydam; Tacoma
& R H L Co: C P Heininger; Everett P & P
Co; Boesch L Co; Bowers Rubber Co; Kow
alsky & Co; -Lewis & Co; Abramson & Co;
A Hromada; Allen & Hlggins: American To
bacco Co; Bulioch Electric Co; C H Meyer &
Bros; Dunham. Carrigan & Co; E A Howard;
Harry !'nna Co; Jacob t'nna; Holbrook, Mer
rill & Co; H B Crocker & Co; H Bohls; M J
Brandenstein & Co: Chinese Merchants; J J
McDonald: John Hoey; Miller. BIOH & Co: S
. M Kuttmuller: Demlng -Palmer Mill Co; Pa
cific Coast Syrup Co; Standard Biscuit Co: S
J Frie.llander; the Examiner: Triest & Co;
Union Canning Co; Washburn & Moewe, Manu
facturing Co; Wolf & Co; Anglo-American C
& G w Co.
Per North Fork— A Paladlni & Co; American
Union Fish Co; B Calto: J B Inguglia & Co;
Pacific Coast Fish Co: S'H Frank & Co: Cali
fornia Glue Co: G TV Ollihs & Co: Chas Nelson.
Per stmr Colon,— A Zellerbach & Son: Armed
* Pal lam: A FKißharker & Co; A Boldeman;
Baker & Hamilton: Honeatell * Co; Cal Elec
Works: Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch; C II
Rode & Co; C Behrman & Co: C Page; Dun
ham. Can-lean A H Co; Dolliver Bros: E J
Shattuck & Co; F J Calley: Excelsior Redwood
Co; O TV Olbbs & Co: t'nna & Co; H Bohla &
Co; H 8 Ryder: Hulse, Bradford A Co; Howe
ScaTe Co; Holbrock. Merrill & Stetson; H
Huddlenton; H Fredericks: J TV Krach: J TV
Edwards: JG Allen: J de la Montanya: J
A Drinkhouse & Co; J M Klein; F.lec Works:
Keystone Bros: Levenson & Co: Llevre, Frlcke
A Co; L Foard; L Feldman & Co; H Everdlng
A Co: Schwartz Bros: Goldtree Bros: Sherry
* Co: J M Ellis: John T Wright: Urruela.
ITrloote & Co: Prof Esplnosa: Pac Butchers'
Supply Co: Paul Seller Elec Works: Phelps
& Arnold: Payot. Upham & Co: Nithan. Dohr
mann * Co: Martin R Jaiter: Maill«nn Bruce
& Co: L F Lastreto: c D Bunker & Co- Lowen-
Kptr & Co: Levl Strauss & Co; Bloom Bros;
Otis McAllister & Co; Castle Bros; Haas Bros;
Redlnptoti * Co; n TV Mason & Co; Stevenson
& Co; Sherman. Clay ft Co: Sunset Tel & Tel
Co: S n Leavltt * Co: Trmnnh.iu««er & Co: TV
TV Montague * Co: Washburn-Moen Mfg Co'
.TV. P Morgan: Wyeoff. Seaman *■ Benedict*
TVelster * Co: TV Loalza & Co: Selby Smelting
ft Lead Co: Nevada Bank; Portland Gen E!»c
Co; A Levy & Co; J Ivancovich & Co; B Harf
Anglo-Cal Bank.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PPnMlft S.S. AUSTRALIA.
nUiilE fOr HONOLULU only
I* ■■*■"■•' Tuesday. Jan. 23. at
M — -^ Ip. m. Special party
(s**< I • > rstes
ffWINIID'-' r The S,S. ALAMEDA
C/IWIiIIJIIII/ , alls Vla HONOL.C-
\vjllfJ\JH,q for - SYDNEY. Thurs-
' . day. Feb. 3. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLOARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
. TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SFRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
FT»lrht Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew), 42 North .3*,
River, foot of : orton at. Travelers (*^rt>
by this line avoid both transit by »£»■<*'>>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via i'irl». first class $1(0,
second class tilt.
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOQNE December IS, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIB December 25, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGXE January 8, U a. a
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 8. Bowling Green, New Tork.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 6 Muntgomary
aye.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 6
p. in. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED IT TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodation* reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and glr.
Ing through freight rates to all points on to*
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. 3. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Mhln SOS Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Hon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
0:46 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays.-. 10: JO a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices — Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Green 381.
For Sao Jose, Los Gafos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. : Alvlso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at S p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 60c:
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier V 41 North
First street. San Jose.
The lion of strength and vigor sometimes becomes entangled and held in
the net of disease. The fable has it that once a little mouse released a
lion from the toils that bound him.
R#l'P'A#SR # I'P'A#S TabuSes
are simple little things, but they possess the peculiar qualities that will
serve to release every unfortunate from any thrall of knots and threads
of disease that was ever created by a disordered stomach, a disarranged
digestive apparatus, or a sluggish liver. Ripans Tabules
ARE AN INSURANCE POLICY AGAINST SICKNESS,
and can be carried in the pocket or portemonnaie. One Ripans Tabule
taken after each meal will set a dyspeptic free from the entangling meshes
of disease ; because nearly every ailment is a direct result of a disordered
digestion, and Ripans Tabules overcome the cause and cure the disorder.
NEW TO-DAY.
sdgcessilppreciSn!
GROWTH!
This is the history of DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market st, They are the true friends and
I benefactors of afflicted men. Their vast ex-
perience, skill and marvelous methods have
placed them in the front rank of specialists.
1 '! \ ifl WjiH \M^^m $ml
And to demonstrate their confidence In their
ability and methods they make you this un-
qualified offer:
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID
UNTIL CURED IS EFFECTED.
If you cannot visit our offices, send for th»
Greatest Book ever published for men and
symptom blank, which will be sent you Free.
All correspondence confidential. No printing on
envelopes.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Specialists for Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours — 8 to 5; evenings, 7 to S; Sundays, 9
to 11. Phone Green 601.
! PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS I
I CUISINE I SERVICE 1
|jj£ • —IN THE— •
% LADIES' GRILL*
I PALACE. |
♦ Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf I&£EX*.
San Francisco, as follows: SkSe2
For ports in. Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11, 15,
21, 28, 31, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
«end, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.). $
a. m.. Jan. 1. 6, 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska. -
■ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). . steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m.. Jan. 1. 5, 10, 14, IS, 22, 18, 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 25, 29.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San
. Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m., Jan. 1. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
Cord (San Luis Obt*r°>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7. 11, 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenßda. Magdalen* Fay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing; dates
an* hour* at saltfnsr.
TICKET OFFICE— Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf nt 10 a. m.
FARF £'2 First Class Includins . Berth
1 *HL, $8 Second Class and Meala
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12, 22
Columbia -Tan. Us, Feb. 7. 17 27
Through tickets and through baggage to' all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS 6S'i Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS * CO .
Superintendents.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1897.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »3-38
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45. »5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »10:00
•11:30 a. m. n:l5. 3:00. *4:SO, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. ■ • -."-
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:16 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tion*; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way station*.
EAILBOAD TRAVEL. .
SOUTH I.UN IMCIFIt 1 rOMI'AXT.
. |I'A< II I' -V>. r.M.'i ' :
Tn>ln< Irnir ;iii<l »!■«' tint* to nrrlte hi
WAN I- ItAX 0H« O.
(Main Line. Foot of 3lnrket Street.)
leave — Fnoat January 1, ISSS. — arrivb
•6:OO\~NTli». Sau Jose v...l Way Stations... *Bi43*
7:OOa T.icia. Bniaansi . Sacratacnto 1O:-S.»a
~:O4>a Marj'Fvillc, UroTlUoand Redding fin
Woodland 3:4.~.p
1:OO.v VacaTillopnd Hurrsey 8:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San It 11:011, Vallejo. Kapa,
Cat toga and itosa fi:lsr
8.-<»O» Atlantic i:.tiTots, Ogilvti and i;«st.. *»:!.■> i»
»:3OA Kii.-s. Siiit ,Um\ Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, ili»iy«rllle, CUico,
Tehamam:dlto.l llhilT 4:15p
. «S:3Oa Teters, Milton mid Oakdalc "7:15p
Bs««a New Orleans I ixjirii:-?. Merced. Itay-
cicnd, 1 'ifsno, I'.ikcrsiit'l'l. Saiiin
IJ:ir))ura. J.-.m Aitgolcn, Deir.lnK. •
El l'aao, New Orleans and Bod. 0:45p
9:09. \ Val'.rj ■•. Martinez. Meroed and
Fresco » 1 2 .■ I " r
•1.-OOpSacranionto Hirer Stunners :.- «U:OOp
1 :OOr Nllcs, ban Joae a?. d Way Stations. . J«: I»a
I:3opMutl!:naiidWay BUttoiM ":-J.lp
*:OOp Livennore, .Mcudota. U&nford and
Visalia 4:13p
lireriaoic, San Jose, NU-58 and Way
Stations llo>l3a
nNi Murtiue,; Bon lt.itnoii, Vallejo,
N»iw, <!nliau>g*. i:i Verauo and
Simla Uo&a 9i134
«:OOp Bcioi.i, VaciTillo, Woodland, -
- Knigiits Ukoding, Slarj-svillc, Oro-
»illi! mid Sncraniciito .•.....'.. IO:4r»A
4t3op Nllcs. San Jose, Tracy and Stcckton .. 7»13p
4:3 Up Latliron, Modesto, Merced, Bcrenda, <
Fresno, Mojave <lor Randsburg),
Santa Harbara and l<os Auaetc*.. 7>4Sa
4:.t«r Bantu Fa Hunt*, .■.llnnlie Kxpreai
for Mojaf u and Knit 0:43p
«[3:3 Op " Sunset United." Los Angeled, El • .' --
Faao, Fort Worth, Little lUjck, 3t.
Louis, Obicago&nd East 510:15 a
"C.T:3«r " Bursct United Anr-,'l,' El Paso. "
New Orleans and East §10: 13a
«:O«r Kiiropcnn Mail, Og.len and 1Ca8t.... O:4Sa
OiOOrllawnriln, NiUtiHiid Kan Jose 7«15a -
1%Wr Valicji , 17:43p
6:uoi> Orofruu KxiwMß.Haeraiiiento. Matyn-
vlllo. ICtHlclliiK, rurtlanil, I'liect
Hmiinlnwt Hunt S:lsa
SAM I^:a.M»K() AMI lIAVUAKIIS LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.)
; i*«:OOa1 ~~ ~ - ( 7:ThT
«:O«ia i Jlelrosc, Kpuiiuarr Park, t»»:45.\
! I(».O<IA I lUrl,bnr ,Klml.ur S t, 11:15,
til:O(»\ San l.oitndro. San 12:15?
i :l * : °*. M Lcan<Jro,E,tndiUo, gjj^
iij:»iip Lorenzo, Cherry 1 tl:4.»p
-fi:OUi> -' , t5:43p
B:«Op I »«<» . . «:13p
Oi3Up Hajnar.lN. 7:13p
7:« op * *:45p
« : «!! P . i Huns through to Niles. '' »:43p
»:«(»!• I t riamNUa lOiSCp
I «tll:lsp,> <lromiNUCS ' tnig:OOp
fOAM l>lVl>lON(Narron Gauge).
j (Foot ot Market Street.)
■ «1»A Ni ■ ieiiti . • 'i<',H>tii.ii«c.Kclton, ,
lii.uldrr I 'reck, SantuC'riiz ami Way
st.v .iiiiin ;...-. OiSof
; *lllJ3r Newark. Cciilcrvillo, San .lose. New I
aluiadon, I'llUiii, ltouKlcr Creek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way -
Stations ....: "I •:•"»«» 4
•llKr Newark, Hun .Ins.- and Log Oatos ... 0:30 a
1 :43p Hunters' Excursion, Sap Jose and
' Way Stations !~:SOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
PrtmStN F&IKCISCO— root of a.rkct Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00a.U. Jl:00 *2:00 (3:00
•4:00 t5:30 •6:00r.«.
froaOlEUND— Broadway. — '6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:CO •l-.QQ t2:00 '3:00 . +4:CO *3:00r.M.
~ CO As I DIVISION (UroadUanjfe). '
-■ ' (TUlrd and Townsend SU)
6:35 a .San .lose ami Way Stations (New
Aluiadon Wednesdays only) 6:33 a
9:00 a San .lose. Tics l'luos, Haula Cnut,
l'acilic tirovc. Paso Itoblea, Han
Li i la (iliisii-i. Ouadalupc, Surf and
riincipal Way Stations 4:lOp
1 1O:1Oa 8au.1o«o and Way Stations «8:OOa
i 11:30 a San Jhso an.l W.iy .Stations 8:33 a
( •*:3«lr Shu Matro. ltedwood, Meulo Park, ..-..';
Kant. i Clara, Han .lose, Gilroy,
Hollif-ter, Sim hi Cruz, Salinas,
■(tttanqr ami l'ncillc «Jrovo *IO:4Oa
•:i:l3i> Saii.lDSoandFrincipal Way Station! *o:lM>a
•4llSr San Josoatid Principal Way Stations 9:-13.\
•s:t»Op San Joso and Princi pal Way Stations l:30p
5:30 - San .1 «so and Principal Way Stations BtSOf
O::{«i- San Joso awl Wuy Stations 7:SOp
tll:4.~»i' San mill Way Station* 7:3 Up
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
• fcun.lavs excepteil. } Sundays only, ' i Saturdays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
% Mondays and Thursdays.
_ 8 Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon _ Ferry, Foot oi Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:13.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11.30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. *:M
6:00, 6:20 p. m . .
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips
at l:f>s p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
RUNDATS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, *:4».
6:00. 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
' same schedule as above. ' -
Jjearo Tn offw- Arrive
San Francisco. \ • oct 21 " I San Francisco.
Week ; Sun- ■ r, PRt : ".'.;.,,_ ! Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination ria y 9 . | dayß.
7:30 a.m. 1 6 :00 a.m. Novato, 110:40 a.m.] B:*o^.m.
8:30 p.m. |'J:3oa.m. Petalnma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
S:ltlp.m. |6:011 p.m. Snnta Rosa. ! 7:36p.m.| 6:r2p.m.
Fulton.
7:Soa.m. Windsor. 10:35 a.m.
Healdsburg,
l.ytton,
Geyservlile,
S:Sop.m. ;S:ooa.m. Clovei-dale. 7:35 p.m. «:32p.m.
i I Hopland and I
7 :30a.m. 1 3 :00a.m. 1 Ukiah. 1 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :3>a.m. 10 :25 a.m.
3:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:85 p.m.
3:30 p.m. I 6:22 p.m.
7 :80 a.m. B:ooa.m.j Sonoma 10:40 a.m. B:lUa.m.
aud
5:10 p.m. 3:00 p.m. Glen Elien. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:SOa.m.!B:Ooa.m.] c,,) mK , rnn i 110:40a.m. j10:25a.ni.
3:30p.m.!5:00p.m.i «-O»StCPOL [ 7;35 p. m J 7 :2 2 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weal
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloveroale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Ke'.seyville, Soda Bay,
Lalceport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vti.hy ings, Saratoga S^iinq^, Blu-i Lak 1.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Uerley"s Buck-
Valley. John Day*i«, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
re'.l's. Sanliedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclna City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usa'..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
ducej rates. -
On Sundays round-trip " tickets to all polati
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlcls
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
1 if =s\ r it irnnvi »
| Iresyaam^^i l CALIFORNIA
jgSKm^y^j LIMITED.
KffiflffliH l< SAN FRANCISCO
iwSm HiillUi ' Chicago.
IMfrhvmvraaj CHICABOi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS. S's
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR, ; ;
'fi*&r> BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
3*4 days to Chicago, ; 4*£ days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. 'Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
-Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, 1113 Broad-way. - Sacra-
mento office, 201 .1 street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597. trains will run a «
follows:
Southbound. ', | ; Northbound.
P»ssen- Mixed qt-tinn-' Mixed | Passed
per Sunday Stations. Sunday i get
Dally. Exc'p'td ; j Kxc'p'td Dally.
7:Soa.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. i 5:40 p.m.
»:loa.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 8:5;J p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J. 30 a.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford : .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. G p.m. Visalia '■ 6:40 a.m. 12:41) p.nu
Stopping- at Intermediate points when required.
Connections— At (Stockton with Steamboat; ot
C. N. & I. Co., leaving Sun Francisco ana
Btcckton at 6:00 p. m. daily; at Merced wltli
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. etc. ;
also with . state from Uornltos, Mariposa. etc. ;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Mad era.
•na> -•-"- ■ -•■- • -.■. ■ " ' »
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
{Via" Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1597: -
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
• Sundays— B:oo. -10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. in.
I Round trip from Mill -Valley, $1.
- THOS. COOK >&-, SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, Ban Francisco.
4142
BIG RAILWAY
ENTERPRISE
The Stockton and Tuol
umne County Rail-
road Company.
Line to Be Completed to Copper
opolis by August
Next.
Energetic Women at the Head of the
Project— Advantages of
the Road.
The Stockton and Tuolumne County
Railroad Is an enterprise of vast im
portance to California. Headed by
women and men of energy and backed
by large capital the project of building
the line is now well under way, and
will be speedily pushed to completion.
Commencing at Stockton the road will
be in operation as far as Copperopolls
by August of this year, and as far as
Sonora and Summerville by December.
The personnel of the company is as
follows: Annie Kline Rikert, president;
Jabish Clement, vice-president; Magpie
Downing Brainard. treasurer; Robert
S. Clarke, secretary.
The directors are Annie Kline Rikert.
Maggie Downing Brainard, Hannah
lieweDa Lane, Jabish Clement and So
phia Rother Gould.
The characteristic features of the<i
country traversed by the new line are
prominent. Its western terminus is at
fttrxkton, where communication with
tide-water is had. The Stanislaus River
to crossed at Copperopolis. Within a
distance of sixty miles on a direct line
eastward the principal mines of the
mother lode are reached at Sonora,
goulsbyville, Cherokee and Summer
ville (Carter's postoffice). The survey
of the road follows this line, except to
avoid obstacles which naturally inter
vene in a mountainous country. The
first twenty miles or so east of Stock
ton is through a grain region, then a
few miles of pasture lands, reaching a
mile or two into Calaveraß County.
Then comes the belt of copper mines,
of which < 'opperopolis is the center,
with successful gold mines in the same
district, and extending thence to the ,
eastern terminus of the road at Sum
merville. The Stanislaus River is
crossed between Reynolds Ferry and
the Great Canyon of the Stanislaus,
and the route is thence up the divide
between Mormon and Bear creeks,
crossing the mother lode between the
Alameda and Rawhide mines. A short
tunnel will be needed west of Copper
opolis and another through Table
Mountain, a basaltic formation stand
ing like a wall from 200 to 300 feet
above the surrounding country, but not
very thick.
So-nora. a fine town of 3000 or more
inhabitants, is easily reached, this
rlaoe having an altitude of 2000 feet. ;
Rummerville, ten miles farther on, has
an elevation of 3000 feet, and is easily
reached from Sonora. The celebrated
Dead Horse mine is at Summerville, as
well as the Providence, Lady "Wash- \
ton. Grizzly, Black Oak and others in
this eastern belt.
The business to be done by the road
will be derived from the grain and hay
of the agricultural or western end, !
while the mines will furnish vast
quantities of concentrated sulphurets
and rebellious ores which can most
easily be reduced at the large estab
lishments on the coast. The high
transportation charges have almost
prohibited this class of freight. Roof- ;
ing and building slate, lime, granite
and most beautiful marble are all pro
duced in Tuolumne County and would
furnish an ever increasing amount t<>
be transported. The new courthouse to
be erected in Sonoma is to be built of |
MAP SHOWING ROUTE OF THE ROAD.
this granite and marble. This road Just
reaches the great sugar pine belt of the
Sierras and very soon the lumber trade
will be a grand item.
The cost of the road has been esti
mated at from $700,000 to $750,000.
Heavy rails will be used and plenty of
ties to support them. The surveys, In
charge of Henry A. Brainard, chief
engineer, have not been so far com
pleted that his estimates are available.
He has assumed 119 feet per mile as
the maximum grade, and if possible
will reduce it to 106.
Estimates of the amount of freight
to be carried and the development of
the mining region, which is now fairly
booming, promise that from the date
of the first train profit will result and
that dividends will be made at the end
of the flrat season. Stock is being rap
idly taken by the Tuolumne County
people, who say they are bound to
make it a people's railroad.
NOT (m EAR-CHEWER.
Ex-Officer J. G. Maloney Inadver-
tently Placed in a False
Position.
The story in yesterday's Call that Re
corder Glynn is to be hauled over the
coals by the Grand Jury has set the of
ficials and clerks in the City Hall to
talking, and while some were surprised
there were others who did not take the
account of the charges made kindly, and
these were mostly the employes of the
said official. There was one statement
that did cause surprise to all, and that
was that the complainant, J. G. Mal
oney, had been dismissed from the Po
lice Department for biting off a piece of
a brother officer's ear. As a fact an un
intentional Injustice was done to Mr.
Maloney. The latter has never developed
any cannibalistic propensities or taste
for human meat. The facts of the case
were that ex-Officer Nels Field got into
trouble with some fellows near the old
race track and one of the gang bit off a
piece of the bluecoat's ear.
Officer Maloney was In that district and
failed to arrest the ear-chewing rough,
taking the position that the row between
Field and nls assailant was of a per
sonal nature and that If Officer Field
HALE BROS. | HALE BBOS. | HALE BROS. |* HALE BROS. | HALE BROS. | HALEJBBOS. ,
fFrom Hale's to the Miners : /|^>
'(''! i Welcome, ye hardy miners May health and happiness, independence /v /(^y^/^WK
Sr^z^L and riches be yours, for your labors and hardships, bravery and suffering. May " S \m
fX-Jkf,// you be abundantly repaid from nature's golden treasury, and may you return to us as \y iSw
Qjpli "^ citizens of wealth and wide experience, as men of moral and physical strength, to help ftllliMA l^^^ *
lP( lM\ US battle> and build »" and develop the great West We wish your carnival a success, i 1 lI^IPS®
W-J .and your heroic resolves and anticipations a triumph to you and your country. (^v
M^^kt Hale Bros. s^ill|#
(INCORPORATED.) a
Clearance Sale Swings Into the Third Week With Her Bargain Banner Flowing
Ever increasing crowds of ever increasing interest A snap, a vim, a brisk business air seems to permeate the entire establish-
ment. Economy seekers, shrewd money-saving shoppers, women of the home, experienced judges of value, style and fabric crowd
the aisles and buy and buy and return to buy again. Verily 'tis* a bargain jubilee of money saving interest !
■■■■■■■■■>■■■ ■■»■«■«■■■■■■■■■■■■■»■■■■■! — X — X — * — •* — X — X— X — *—*— #—*—*— #—«—}( — «« — — — * — _ ie — X . — jf_}j — — 3.; — — —^f — X- *■ * — *—*—*—*—*—■»— X — X— *—• X — X X-
NOTIONS. DRESSJOODS. KLONDIKE BLANKETS. FURNISHINGS. KITCHEN WARE.
A FRESH LOT OF JACQUARD a,X^ S T, e^r lk lt^2y°™ean H ; a^^ nket " *" Xl ° R^ ml ™ «* P™P««<«- ™ CHILDREX'S SCHOoITsTOCKINGS
T Sr^B«3f ffi 5C fl^Ar^f^sfJL.^ rl^l^, "_? l^S__, KLONDIKE BLAN- MOTTLED « RAY ™- S^klS* fainSac^P^ed ilk: JA^g^ BHBCT 15c
Inches wide, worth 15c. to close. Yard. yet they go In clearing sale, OlW* RLANkETS-All wool. very KKTS-All wool. Thwc ar- DIKE ISLANKKTS - Kvery and toes, sizes sto 9Vi; to close the lUC , , n « L SSS Eact
Londre grounds, all |?0..<1 colorinfm, *JV\r* heavy, c.ild expelling, extra extra hea\-y and made to stand thread pure wo-il these are es- lot Pair une lo close £-acn
the very best dollar quality In our » C»W strong. the storms of the Arctic. peclally adapted to hard usage. —
CORDUROY DRESS BINDING. store; on sale Yard 6-pound. «ox 9« Inches.. ss 00 pr 6-pound. 66x80 Inches.. $4 75 pr 6*i-pound. R6xS4 Inches $5 00 pr OUR FAMOUS "KAST IRON" TEN-QUART TIN PAILS, a fine
m inches wide, all colors, in- Ql/» 6-pound. 64x54 Inches.. 600 pr 6-pound. 72xSi Inches.. 575 pr 7-pound. 72x55 Inches" 850 pr SCHOOL STOCKINGS— The school- kitchen pail for scrubbing and JC r
eluding black. the 6c kind, ***^ \ COMBINATION SALE OF FANCY 7-pound, 72x84 inches.. 700 pr 7-pound. 72x86 Inches.. 675 pr 8-pound, 72x86 inches 760 pr boy 8 friend, never goes back on carrying water, extra heavy tin. lOt
to close lard . SlLKS— Three lots viz- Stripes. 8-pound. 74x88 Inches.. 800 pr 8-pound. 74x86 inches.. 775pr j nlm> heavy corduroy ribbed, spliced IPCf» riveted handles, the 25c line Each
Broche effects and Jacquard*. sold 4-1 OO "-pounds, 72x55 inches.. 960 pr 9-pound. 72x84 inches. 875pr I heels and toes, sizes 6 to 10, fast *«-»*«■'
CABINET HAIRPINS. 60 assorted O r at »1 25. $135 and $1 60 a yard; the i.rt 12-pound. 78x9G inches.. 12 00 pr 10-pound. 72x54 inches.. 960 pr black : - Ha.e's...^ Pair JApANX TO TPV CAK _ or
hairpin. In a box. for I^^ 3C three lots reduced to close Yard CHILDREN'S MERINO UNDERWEAR- J BREAD BOXES. SVixlU* inches QBE c
Box Ribbed and fleeced silk bound, fine, warm square, good and strong-, the 35c .^CFW
— E^ LL a ISH h^ HA^r, c BU^ lx^n A s n ; CLEARANCE IN WINTER WRAPS. _TiT"_r Ij r , " n< lo c '°" •=;-" E " h
"£ eiove^^^r'Xs Te«- wtth?_«*«£S£: o?,r ZXftSSM* 75C ™On CAPES-Rlch. h.ark p.ush. ex- LADIES' BLACK FLU-RED SKIRTS. Size f^ |a™e"« i'.H %:"'& farment JAPANNED TIN CHAMBER
n"--s K a bkrgtln Tf tn"slze"s«r/\^ lar grade wm be closed ai.. ... Yard """"f, 1 * trt«»«ned with J.H and braid l H W I^rge patterns; this skirt is carofully S_ S*' ..31c K arment PAILS, with cover. 8-quart size, f t~ r
i m fi.il.fii «i 5 mT in! 7UC cio^ea ai lara Bllk " ned - fur around collar and made by expert workmen, thoroughly *Q. 50 Size 22 l?c garment Size 32 34c garment very neat. the 25c line to lit>C
7vf to rlose Pair cwTv-T «it it «^_t^7~ iiv >,— down front; to close Each lined and bound. It hangs beautl- Size M 22c garment ! Size 34 87c garment close Each
I* to dose ..._ Pa,r S wn EL^U.K^Th.s^llk g^und a (This cape ,o,d_for_^.) fully; to __.._ Each CHILDREN . S PURE OL UNDER . .
8-BUTTON MOSQUETAIRE KID KlridTn' .'& 'UKk^'S'.i?^ *1 £2 LADIES" BEAVER~ JAPKET^-Blue BROCADED SILK SKIRTS - Rich .JEWS -^^.hread wool. Swiss D^ IOC
clo£d' E oVat $I £c : -SS3I m°ode 9 ! o= C hand8 ° me: °" *" """ l ° Cl ° at " " d rii^l^S!^ fnTst^ '15°° SlS^^Tw lot % _S&d^B 'fT 50 "ft oS!??^^ Im 50C g^ " E6neral "^ " Cl ° 8e - *"*
browns and black, all sizes. toOOC » Attr «. ... Ypn rw^Trvr* a collar> a inches long; to cloee *=*«* ' be on • ° at Each garment all to ?losla7 Each
close Pair FA^' J "^ ED C HEA I nTS_A very garment, all to close at Each WIRE p OT ATO MASHERS. 11 In. =T~
widl^^eV^Wo-r 'less thiS^ 50C LADIES' WHITE CAMBHir APRONS long wood handle, good and OC
DRESDEN RIBBONS, pretty patterns on T**: to Cose the lot .'. » .^ ° Yard ANOTHER imPROVE/VIEiNT. -A dainty ,UUe a^ron^at^ -£ ,5c, 5c - ng. to close^. Each
dlrd 1 r e h s t S es Kr a°nd nd :V.n!n g g^n^ 8 ' Ch " dren ' FAXCY WORSTED SVITINOS-^r .«^o&^ f^_^SSr^_T_, SS. a'nT^ *«» strings, the to close at. Each JAPA^ TNED T INJUB PII> ORS t 5q
No 16. worth 25c. to close at 15c yard * reo J 6Oc n "l e " to be closed out this QCTf. Bides adding to your comfort in stormy weather you will be protected from drafts and the pos- GENTS WOOL UNDERWEAR— Gray «ri/- er to close at V^X
No. 22 worth 35c! to close at ISc yard i week; every . yard In the houieOOt siblllty of catching cold at all times. or camel's hair, very heavy, silk OUC r l Oe at Each
No 30. worth 45c, to close at He ya- ! marked down to Yard bound; the lot to close Garment
No. 40, worth 50c, to close at 25c yard — — — . V EXTRA DEEP PIE PLATES, Q/-»
- .. fine steel enamel, the. best pie (3v
Jt^* CDFriAI ? C^^S k\^ y% - _ ■ ■ ■ • t^ .. ■•( . i  ,- *■ BSS=» CnPriAl t «SSMII plates you can buy. to close Each
60ASSORTEDHEADRESTS.all \C\ C B^^ OPDWIAL I *$£$ K^>^ '*/**- * k f^r\r^^^C^^T^\^^^' "** *~^ OPtiCIAL! . \
colors, shapes and sizes, to close I\fV^ ■ — - — ; Vt\ A / S*S^'~~~~W?m < . ''•> 1 '" *I!hK^ Lfr Ovv>-— »rJyC>\.O^* — — «_r»TTAT»T ttvt -RTTc-K-irTa n^« *« *-»
EaCh Fine we A arab fl .r- Fla n a V eW Wa^ A/^^T^2S^^^<& Dish I wPd^Vt^ge Vn ix^ -^ hU^T in^hV^c l^aMo 8C
TAMBOUR BUR^Tu SCARFS. &, Lf Xf 6C l/h, / W&^&i^&F' 3^^^^ IS —
open-work edge and center. 20x CT r| ette stripes; special Yard y^"""" Miff V >L >f /jrST^i^^^-F^^jf * _
M Inches, our 75c line at 331-30^^ . . ; . .- r MI a J -JT jE* Si J\iifJo~£~~s{—i-^ — '# - X ° fancy frills about this i Nine Hundred Ladies' Fine Hnnntrfc
per cent off, to close Each . - . 1^ me g&' I %^ </%>/>'dr/ %> / > 'dr fLj— * ! Flannel, a plain unbleached) lIIC IIuIIUICU 1-*IUIC> riUC HdnUKIS).
£i SSH^Si M p, soc ' ass* * fln# rlo«»lv xcnT-»Ti' 5c rt _(: ,-vfe n ; 1w"!»1 w "!»« m - ■ " §££, STItS-^E 3 , Oc Fine Swiss Handkerchiefs, with heavy
SILK CUSHION COVERS. Delph S(>c < C^Hc yU^H^^ caTn°b7^ « c IWCOR P©B ATKD - Canton grt every £y. warm g and , d pretty , to be cloMd o^
designs, 22 Inches square, ourOUt Muslin nnlsh, the 6iic crade; on ?aS 937-939-941-943-945 Market Street. chock full of wear and lUC tnls week at io« e *oh.
75c Tine at 1-3 off. to close Each sale lard ZJ~JI. 27-JZ7. J7*+l i7*+_J i7*+_J IViaiIVCL JUCCI- warmth; special Yard lOc Each.
wanted the fellow arrested hp was per
fectly able to make the arrest himself.
For "thus declining to mix himself up in
a personal affair Maloney was dismissed
from the force, more for the lack of
Judgment than for any real offense
against the laws of the department.
• ♦ ■
Interchange Slides.
The California Camera Club gave an
exhibition of interchange slides in its
rooms in the building of the Academy of
Sciences on Friday. Slides were ex
hibited from the Redlands Club of Red
lands, Cal., and the St. Louis Club of St.
Louis, Mo. The former club sent twenty
one slides and the latter seventy-nine.
They were projected upon a canvas by
the means of a strong oxy-hydrogen
light. The views sent by the Redlands
Club were upon the irrigation system of
Southern California. Among them was
an excellent picture of the famous Bear
Valley dam, which was constructed at an
altitude of 6500 feet and a cost of $100,000.
The contributors to these views were T.
R. Griffiths, W. S. Crawford, K. C. Wells,
J. H. Williams and Marion Williams. Of
the views sent by the St. Louis Club fifty
were by John B. Holman. showing the
havoc played in St. Louis by the cyclone
of May 27. Ifltfc The other contributors
to the views of the St. Louis Club were
John W. Dunn, Robert E. M. Bain, W. A.
Haven and D. B. Howard.
THEIR KLONDIKE OUTFITS.
One Party of One Hundred Per-
sons Coming F r on) Indiana.
Reports received by the Alaska Trade
Committee from all parts of the country
continue to be most encouraging and In*
dicate that the number who will make
Ban Francisco their outfitting point in
Iheir journey to the far north has not
been overestimated.
E. C. Sherman of Chicago has gathered
from the different parts of Indiana, In
cluding some nine or ten towns, a party
of over 100, whom he has interviewed in
dividually and has persuaded to come this
way. Much good work is being done in
this way and many people have been in
terviewed who have signified their inten
tion of coming, but this party has posi
tively decided to come this way.
Arrangements have been made to take
space in the Mining Fair, and an exhibit
showing Just what is needed will be
placed there. It is contemplated that a
cooking department will be added and
the preparation of food used in the Klon
dike will be demonstrated. The literature
of the committee will be distributed and
an attractive display will be made.
Stop that cough; Townsend's extra
strong broken horehound will do It; 100 Ib.
THE SAN FHAyCISCO CALX,, SUNDAY, JANTTART 23, 1898.
ANOTHER WHACK
TAKEN AT DUNN
California Travelers Resign
From the Larger Asso
ciation.
"Inner Circle" Men Relieve Their
Feelings in a Most Caustio
Resolution.
The book telling the harrowing story nf
the war between the members of the
California Commercial Travelers' Associ- i
atlon and Emmett Dunn is almost writ- ■■
ten. One of the final chapters was com
pleted on Friday at a meeting of the
"inner-circle men.' At that meeting the
following resolution was adopted unani
mously:
Whereas, Emmett Dunn, president of
the San Francisco Commercial Travelers'
Association, has not been content with
making an uncalled-for tight against the
representatives of some of the largest and
moat influential firma in this city, deal
ing with them in a manner supported
by no decent methods of parliamentary
procedure and showing that his acts were
animated by personal malice, but has pro
ceeded to the extremity of making it ap
pear that the commercial travelers of this
rlty in general are working against the
interests of the retail grocers; therefore,
: % it
Resolved, That the members of the Cali
fornia Commercial Travelers' Association
as a body resign from the San Francisco
Commercial Travelers" Association, thus
showing that as a body and individually
we sympathize with the retail grocers in
the existing trouble and wish to work in
harmony with them.
The names of those resigning, exclusive
of the "suspended," are: J. Mitchell.
Jackson Wilson, S. C. Everts. Harry
Roesler, Peter Brunsing, E. A. James,
AJex McDonald. Con Orau. J. H. Sheeley,
James Gray, W. W. Brackett, S. Greene
wald, A. Patrick. Thomas Fleming. Most
of the resignations, made individually by
letter, were mailed last evening. Harry
Roesler, the treasurer of the San Fran
iisi,. Travelers, will turn over the sum
i of $65, all there Is in the treasury, to
day.
The California Travelers will hold a
; picnic in June in conjunction with the
Retail Grocers' Asoclatlon. They will
! also charter a tallyho and six and appear
i in the Jubilee parade.
Spanjer Eager to Fight.
Sol Levinson, the boxing-glove maker,
was uptown on Friday trying to get a
substitute to fight Spanjer of Sacra
mento, who was matched to fight
"Spider" Kelly, the match falling
through. The Sacramento Athletic Club
had sent Levinson a letter requesting
him to get any good 13S-pound substitute.
Billy Gallagher and "Kid" Parker are
both thought of in this connection. Gal
lagher will go to Sacramento and fight
on the 30th inst. if he can fight at 14j
pounds— that is, weigh In here at that fig
ure at 3 p. m. before starting for the
capital.
Organizing the Tailors.
E. S. Christophersen, organizer for the
Journeymen Tailors of America, has been
holding shop meetings of the tailors in
this city to urge them to Join the national
body.
The tailors in this city have an inde
pendent union, and It is Mr. Christopher
sen's mission to unite this with the na
tional body, as it has been found to
be a constant menace to the interests of
the organization at large. Journeymen
tailors coming to thlß city cannot Join
the local union by simply depositing a
card from the national body, as would be
the case if it were affiliated. Ao a nat
ural result, man/ of them, unwilling to
pay anothf-r initiation fee. procure work
in non-union shops and are lost to both
bodies.
Another objection to the independent
union is that it has no authority to i.^sue
a label, am! It Is impossible to hay.> :i
suit of clothing bearing the union label
made in San Francisco. So far. Mr.
Chrlstophersoo nas been quite successful,
and has wurked up a great deal of en
thusiasm.
Next Thursday evening a mass-meeting.
to which all journeymen tailors in the
city are Invited, wfll be held at 11.19 Mis
sion street, and final action will then be
taken. If the local union refuses to Join
the international as a body a new union
will be formed of those willing to Join.
China has a war god with 3000 differ
ent names.
NEW TO-DAY. |
» "THE CREDIT HOUSE." A!
J, Six Stories Mifeh. |
V rt i
ft Solid Oak Parlor Table, i
' top 24 inches square, q/\^ »
T fancy shelf "UC T
L Hardwood Beds, 3-4 size, while they >.
9 last $2.00 T
ft- 'Cobbler-Seat Rocker, broad arms ft
f and high back, in birch or ma- I
ft hogany. $1.75 ft
L Large . Chiffoniers, 5 drawers, hat L
T box and large mirror $6.75 V
¥ CARPET DEPARTMENT. V
« A new consignment of Gray Fur Rugs, £
T 27x54 inches $1-15 T
9 The Carpet Department has an air «
L of newness — stock is larger and more I
T varied. V
I PEOPLE FROM THEWTERIOR ARE 00R- V
« DULLY IHVITED TO VISIT QUR STORE. A
ft M. FRIEDMAN & CO. ft
L 233-235-237 Post Street. L
V 130-132-134 Morton Street. V
ft Near Stockton. Open Evenings. ft
Railway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Bore Masclea, Cramps, Burns, Sunburn*. Back-
ache, Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu*
ialcia, • Lumbago. . Internally : for all Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Mortals and Blckness. Nausea, etc. All drug-
gist*, a^^
LABOR'S SONS
TO JOIN HANDS
The Breach Between the Cen
tral Bodies May Soon Be
Healed.
Joint Arbitration Committees Ap
pointed to Take the Matter
in Hand.
The prospects are that within a few
weeks at the furthest the two great cen
tral labor bodies* In this city will be unit
ed, or at least a compromise will be ef
fected whereby they can work in har
mony.
The original central body Is the San
Francisco Labor Council, chartered by
the American Federation of Labor, but
some years ayo there was a division In
the ranks and a number of the affiliated
unions drew out. As the majority of the
seceding unions were of the building
trades, an Independent body known as
the Building Trades Council was formed,
which has since operated very success
fully. The carpenters also formed an in
dependent body known as the Carpenters'
District Council, but a few months ago
all the Carpenters' unions in the city sent
representatives to the Building Trades
Council, although they still have their
District Council in which grievances are
first ventilated.
From time to tim« efforts have been
made to unite the two main bodies. Com-
I mlttees have been appointed from each
I aide and conferences Innumerable held,
; but all with the same result— a disagree-
I ment over some trivial point and a widen
j ing of the breach. When the Kelso case
was first brought before the attention of
the Union men the Labor Council appoint
ed a committee to work In co-operation
with the committees from the other two
bodies, and ever since that time the ele
ment favoring affiliation has been gradu
ally growing stronger, until at the last
meeting of the Building Trades Council a
committee was appointed to take the mat
ter in hand, and a communication sent to
the Labor Council requesting it to take
similar action. The communication was
received at last night's meeting and the
request at once complied with.
The committees will flrnt endeavor to
havo the two bodies brought directly to
| gether and Incorporated into one another,
but if they are unable to do this they
hope to have a joint arbitration commit
tee appointed which will look after all
matters of common Interest.
ParK Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park hand (weather
permittinK) will render the following pro
gramme to-day at the park, commencing
at 2 p. m.: Overture, "Fra Diavolo (Au
ber); waltz, "El Capltan" (SouBa): airs
from "The Mascot" (Audran); "Schu
hert's Serenade" (Schubert), William
Forner; fantßsle, "The GoldV>eetles'
Soiree" (Kllng): overture. "William
Tell" (Rossini); plcolo solo, theme and
variations from "Sonnambula" (Bric
cialdl). A. Loßar: "The Celebrated Min
uett" (Paderewski); descriptive piece, "A
Hunt In the Black Forest" (Voejker);
march, "Boys of the American Guard"
(Duncan).
Will Construct a Sidewalk.-
An entertainment and dance will be
itfven by the members of the Elmhurst
Improvement Club at Red Men's Hall on
February 5 In order to raise sufficient
money to build a sidewalk in front of a
schoolhouse. Admlsston to *he entertain
ment will be 25 cents, and owinK to this
small admittance fee a larpe crowd is
expected to be In attendance.
Genuine eyeglasses, specs; 15c up. 33 4th
at. Also open Sundays till 2 p. m.
I SCHLUETER & VOLBERG, I
O IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN Pnm^fC
£? 000 OOC O O 000 0000 O O O 00000 O VaafCji I UvltW) • » • • - £>
% LACE CURTAINS, PORTIERES, Oil Cloths 1
| POLES and SHADES, RUGS, MATS, Etc. KJil  . i ** * I
§ TELEPHONE, MAIM4S. QQa Linoleun), |
1 709 MARKET ST., c-ffiKiiSina. I
8 ... S-A.3ST FRANCISCO. ... §
gj J. ,f. .5, .^. .4s ,f. .^ .|. <§. <J> <«> 4> vj> <$> <& 4» <■>■><?<>■<s>s•<s>■ <3> <$■ <$>Q
<?> " ;■■ ' ♦
OUANE . . :
*
• • • ■ ♦
: paints :
: , . SIGNg :
.—. — . — .—.—^,.,/. — . —^,.,/ ♦
♦ 579 MISSION STREET. X
# <?>
The Golden
Jubilee Edition
Of the Mining and Scientific Press" will be of
historic value to every one everywhere. Will
contain fifty-two pages. Among other articles
will be "The Origin of the California Stamp."
written by the man who originated It; "The
Beginning of Quartz Mining in California," by
the man who began it; "The Correct Date of
Marshall's Discovery of Gold in California,"
proving the statement from Marshall himself;
three correct representations of "Where Mar-
shall Discovered Gold," together with the ,
usual features of the leading mining Journal
of the United State*.
The issue of January 29 will be referred to
for the next half century as authority In Its
recital of what has been done during the half
century of mining since Marshall discovered
gold In this State. Get It from your nearest
newsdealer or send to 330 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal.
An Instrument of Torture.
Is a truss made on the plan of the above, with,
a heavy steel or Iron band, as you well know
if you have been In the habit of wearing one.
Throw it away ...
Why will you continue wearing such an In-
strument of torture when we can .furnish yog
a moat efficient f truss without any Iron hoops
or steel springs about It. and one which may
be worn, with ease and comfort NIGHT and
DAY?
At for CURES, "I'll. PIERCES -PATENT
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS", has accom-
plished THOUSANDS! It -Is an ELECTRIC
truss:, the only genuine and successful one ever
invented and ha» been sold for the ■■ past
TWENTT-TWO years. If ruptured it will pay
you to Investigate at once. Consultation free.
Trusses fitted without extra charge. Call, or
send 2c In stamps for I our New Book on Rup-
ture. '- This book also • describes our New Ap-
pliances for Piles, Varicose Veins, . etc. Ad-
' MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY,
[ 701 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny, San Francisco.
VULCAN I- 1
Iron Works.
Manufacturers of
Mining and Milling
MACHINERY.
Saw -Mill
MACHINERY.
Ice and Refrigerating
MACHINES.
Office : 505 Mission Street.
Works : Cor. Kearny and Fran-'
cisco Streets.
Pennyroyal pslu
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B'^"^S^Tlv Original and Only Genuine. A.
. y^dffirv\ «»rc, .«Jw»t« reliable, uoict ut S\
Arf?l-nK. Drvl SSi« for CMehexter* Sntj'.uh I>la-J3\\
tf * i t3B^MH^mo7id Brand in He A and Gold mi-tt;ilo\\xy
I T^ . I-Ounbun. iralod with blue ribbon. . T«ke
I*l *<* w]na other. Jtrfttts dangerous t ubttitu-
I /'.*":-■ fjf tlent and imitation: At Draggiata, er*ekd4«.
IJ» J? in «tsmjj. for particulars, twUmonlMr. and
—V I? Mall. 10,001) Testimonial*. jrWTiTI?
>— "rCklehe»it*r Chemical Co.,Madl»o« H imaral
•dbr all Uooal l)r..»^n- FIUL\t aV?A?
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S »r*at
I^H Museum of Anatomy
1 Pa^^ 1051 BASKET ST.t»t 6th 4 7th, S.P.Ca^
B «kj a ■ The Largest of Its kind in the World.
\|w| \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
CoomlUtlon tree. ITrlta for Book
vl I Philosophy of Marriage.
™ MAILED Fltl.oo»oo©oeeo©o3©c©9o©De©oso©e©©oooo©©oo©ooe*©ej MAlVlliFirTiinr At Illllilllir lIIHF schaw, INGRAM, batcher & COS •••••••••••••••»•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
• FIFAnTHF • Ifl/llltr/ItUJKt VI IfllllllUß YIYL unexcelled facilities § ©
O |JC/\U I lIC • , =-= =. • All fho M^4 A/^A /^ Opposed to 8
• V z5&& : -  California's 8 \\ — ~' -.^^=r-~ ~ *TM N INDUSTRY closely allied to mm- • aii LUC niews sensationalism©
O ** r&sS&m* '*' © li mm ing is that of manufacturing pipe from % 1N g
« •fiW'^i' P WODITP m I I sheet steel and iron for mining and J - , •
0 iSrafli r avuki 1 1 • j ■ power purposes. One of the largest • r^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\^^" 5
2 Z': ■■ • %&%&%IMfW^M3M 8 / — — ■» I ! and best appointed factories on the coast is es- • J^^^^^^i^^V^^V^^V^^^^V^-^ ©
• n i^^nr^j'in^r^r^ • L 1L 1 '" ! '^ J V— 4 J •• '•- tablished at Sacramento. The factory is I. cat- 5 C^-iSjICS-^JIfCL^CC -flC^ -*^ -^liC *k*r, %
© q^^L^LyLyLyLybiLidy^^ • ] _ -.-^l M d alongside the railroad, and the firm have # SS^vX S^ S?^^^ 8
1 Q L^ ♦« imm 8 1 PIPE WORKS, Tk — . their own switch running into their works, • f^^\^^f^^j^\^^\^ •
• 10 M A^tllT \MM • SCHAw.iNORAM.3ATC*--cc:_:j -^^^ thus enabling the pipe to be loaded on the cars # V^-p^ jVvvJ^C^- •
» ' 33 «i 8/1 Imi QJbi ; «^*^ 8 ---^i^^ ' 3- > -' 7H7 H without chafing or abrasion of the coating, • S^^\^J .-' •
2 MM WIIIV ♦HP *^ I T ,Jf\/ •' which always occurs when newly dipped pipe # CfejMfe?* I '.<' ~^» f sJ* *f §
© **^ v"mm £ ▼ r^r^ 5? : 4 -V^ "It^'^^.^^i! ' ?» - ■' • » ' is hauled on trucks or wagons to the cars. • i^^i^""^ •*« fiP 5"% *% flgl -«fcr 1 5 •
• /7-^H IS : . l -**° The making of this pip, is L^cialty with© fe^fe^ , g IL II CUU nu •
© :i:j^#/^|| • ;:|BH^^"2S^^^^^*^ the company and has been brought to a high © Vj |
« f'- T l ; '-i 3/ /qBS t-*'4t? : S ! I !^.^.*"-..!!! ,! ' J^]^;^"*; i^^ -L i d^S^^^^ state of perfection so that large orders can be • it" ~\&\ir i vi . ©
I )C/tlll***n Great ! ' — i-ffer^r^.., ; FtMa»| anteed. The facilities of the company are • sg£&^ _ ]^^ %
A pt-'??nr-^c"— .rv-v— -,r— ■ <£ h , minTT 1 fW rf "*~°'"' ''•>- iV / v *.O>s *^^S3 I' "?W7Hr such that any sized pipe required by mining S -*»X "*"i^ ''if^c -*ifi^L >n
§ llUlmilHl -8 -A5-f-' ! V-:-- i K-TWT^VP^ -■^•^!' : ™ co^escan.esupp^o^.sHo^o^ | |
1 :.:d^.^^rVjL^r. t Vif: > Vir»V u VjLVJ;; ;^rr^^ 9=i/\IV/ar © :.-.J: .-.J ;'?• I ' i '.I :■• i. '. ! •■' 'I ! 'II ll !li : . «■ . ' The extensive works of the company are • % <£** <£*Z -~^ £*£ ■££. <££. £*£, %}£^~™, %
O jßfg! a BUM I 8 " PIPE WORKS OF SCHAW, , , DAM BATCHER * CO. ' ' owned and managed by Schaw, Ingram, 8 :^%^^^*^^%.^ I
§ jSFJp B H V/ITB L • I IPC WORKS OF SACRAMENTO. CAL. BATCHER & CO. Batcher & Co., 21 1 to 219 ; Street, Sacra- • IgT^fcr^fc^W ~^W ~^>W '^W S
O :nji: __^ • -.*., mento. The company is also engaged in the © G
9 'E^^' 8-^ A |\rn © hardware business and carries a full and complete stock of mining supplies. Having mining connections in all parts of the State, they • •
© ! >w N*jflpC-' : H -r^l t_l\ © thoroughly understand the wants of mining companies, and are fully prepared to supply anything that a mine may require. Through- J f^IFAN RFIIARIF F*F API FQQ 8
© ' :^w^ ft • out the mining districts of California the firm is well known, and no company in its line stands higher in the esteem of mining men. # Vvl_L.^ll»«««lmI_l_I^Dl_L.«»«»l LAKLLuO §
© © Besides the manufacture of riveted pipe, this firm has recently commenced the manufacture of the Truax Patent Improved © •
aoeeeGoeoeoeoeeeeeeeoseseeeoAOoede©*©©©©©©©*© Automatic Ore Car. •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
♦X-X-X-X-X"X««X-X-X-X-X-X-:.J. i "W" A C*\^T k X-X-X-X~X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X~** ,_-. . -^, . --— — ; — _ -- .. -, •X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X»*X-X-X
icoiitornid |ALASI\A ](} nMl\il(p iC LABROUGH 'I i^^^^'fpfj^LlL^^^ I C a|ifornia^ A|aska I
1 MacMne I SUPPLIES j^^ OLCHER 1 Matl&^'--JL^P^Hfc I N r igation !
•> ii//\ff^f/£v ' . : . Evaporated IJpnTT A ]\T pn Potatoes, Onions, Carrots, vjCi mi * i' ' * PBJ I mM 'Bl^^^^^«^ ♦ wuiiirritrtiai *
: - Will R^ Evaporated Alm^T k I\l l^O Potatoes ' OnionSl CarroX^ >'^ - - : - W'M J'i : PBi V«FHF'nIBr 1% X
VII VI n<J a * d 1/ I^l LIA LJ I IhV Cahba « e - strin « Beans ' •:• .;. ffl^E I •|1 aSI jL- f3 C() '••
! Wm. H. Birch & Co. 1 j^So£o^ . i ?^^ I ° 0 I ! Direct Une or Steamers I
V Ic"T,c.atcd 1* SS^SS^CHifi 8 SS Sw 1 till i r'^^W XWe carry in stock everything neces-*:* *¥* l-» rf™k Q#«/ilrlrk /t> .*-* »^-b »-* -* »-» * v *•* to * : *
I ,29, 131,133 J35 FirStS, I W i|^| | sary to outfit you, and our ? | The Stickle eOHipany | DAWSON CITY !
t SAN FRANCISCO. CAL | '^s^sB^^Sf?^ ]|l|!^^^ | PRICES I ANGELS, CALIFORNIA ♦ via |
$ s~ ♦ ' " I<w Hi?»3Biin^r v H : SSL«3i H § are Lowest in the city. s ♦ St. Michaels ?
I Builders of all kinds of | ■^■%'t^t *'• V -*»£^^^r^ ! © © *:* The above is a representation of the main store of The Stickle % ,to *
builders ot all Kinds ot .;. ~^L -' «^v** ' £.-Ip--^ • • *:* $ a!so to ♦!«
$ Mining and Boat Machinery | " : '^S^^^S^S^^^^^ l^ Iwehave :> Company, located at Angels, Cal. The house was established in 1552, ♦ DYEA and SKA (ill AY ?
J Birch Improved Triple Discharge ♦ % RIFLES AND PISTOLS jane*j anc * incorporated three years ago, with C. D. Lane as president and ♦> <!
S T \^h^r Quit- Mill. ? H AVnFM PATI^IXri CO •*• specially made to withstand Arctic* Ceo. E. Stickle as secretary and general manager. It is the leading % PlWf N|Jfß? p^ [Df ICUT I
V Richards' Arrastra and Quartz Mill ♦ lIAI L^ L-#l 1 nVIMMVJ X^V>f» •> climate. We have lowest prices on ♦ , .-, * .-"«.« ■ • . g I MUUUIULIIU I lILIUII I v
V „;. V, , c , u v^^ I ... ... store of Calaveras county. A general merchandise business is tran- ♦> .5
V Brodie Kock tSreaker. .•♦ 216 TO 226 DRUMM STREET. V TENTS AND SLEDS V 4 r. J U ♦> NWN W Booking P^ng.™ »2
I t^ t^ lcGkwlmFroved Ore Concen - I 2.6 to 226 DRUMM STREET. ;| TENTS AND SLEDS I sacted. Dry goods, notions, boots, shoes, hats, groceries, oil and rubber I Secur e v«ur Passat once $
•♦• Hoists of all kinds. £ rf , «_; , .... «. . , •> ' •> goods, drugs, crockery, cutlery, hardware, wines, liquors, cigars, tobacco, * office *:1
* : * M . K^gtnm ♦!♦ Our goods are manufactured from the best selected material, by our improved process, ♦> *:* ' ' n 5 ♦♦♦ .J
? a "" c ,g, g r CS * r . * which retain their flavor and nutritive qualities unimpaired. Free from all foreign admix- $ C Market Street? etc An immense business is carried on, and the popularity of the * 2^ MARKET ST.
v Send for Circulars ... tures or chemical preservatives. Guaranteed to keep until consumed. Are pure and *•• *-J *J\J Opposite Grand Hotel *•• <• .J
♦•.,X«K-:-X-:-:-K-:-X-X-X«K-K-x' I healthy, easy to carry, simple to prepare and always at hand. •X«X-X^-X-X-X-X-X-X~X-X-X« establishment is steadily on the increase. *:*X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X««:
I . . i ! ] . . .. . : .... .*
00990 0 99 99999999909999 900909999999 9 999 9 9 9 9 9999999999 999999939999999999999 0999999999999J
| m^ Mßar - mam^, _^ »^-^^ ,„ -^--, tw^" „. *
© n-i^^r*^ /W N -- zs " A:/ ni " 'il*^ if^^^ -■*->j ml *■ a * "ET >s^^>^ T w » y "^ ' /CW'7 I'i^^V fM-A^t 677Ei S
© X 111 1 j^^^-o—^ Jill I " [£!' Bj yy // Ss *^T* li^^^^^^s^^^^xV ::ss^ *< y Z^ > **^ :j: j f 'JM^M
• w^^^^fZ^' BOOKR NDFRS l-^rJSuTXjI
/ / *-^ V-/ V^/ I^^ JL^ 11 11 L/ i«- 1 V -_7* H^ x -k«* *-*Ii !
!If 3f^' y^fp^^jfl WEMMFASPFCMLT/ OF /NCOPPOPAT/ON OUTFITS Sr^-/ *£ m I
• ffl r -<^ **^i'^v^J FO/?M/N/A/QandT/?AD/NG COPPOf?/IT/ONS*«* i'l Vu( x JR i
! lafe^' H SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. i?l£^^J |
CB ' """■"_>". •'■•'*.-"■■-■".:''.■ ■.';■■ . . . ■ MI^l SO ON IRON WORKS* NEW 6©LP OREDGE^^
Cl IITARI P V T ■ "% V A /^ I "* I "% 0
\J l\v/ V- 1 ~ E-' a •
rOPERAUNQ COST, THREE CESTS PER CUBIC YARD , * **•< - - jS»M^Bte^^B^* •</ * ? Kll .4 "%V Hpß| ■ FJ^&fil '* ; '4»"
FOR FURTHER P^RTICULARS^^*-^ "^*^^^V>3 3^ " Ji^Bla^StK^BS^ ' *' "w^ fT^ fill - : £^' r^allllirf ' '
OFFICE AND WORKS ?'^H Vl
<aif/aif/«if/air/aif/aif/aK/aif/aif/aif/a)f/aif/ai I -* rr r r i v *^Nft.' 3 *^ \ <^L >i -4- ' '^
its - 8^». Jtaysvjt^Tr^,^ p, Jt /O/uN-rw^^. a. ji^ 1 * A'~~-^ ♦W\ ft I™ 1 ¥¥¥¥ ft 9ft ♦
1 z<£ aAy 4^^^^^^"- w - i*^ ( < :U| LU
Alaska= Yukon ; "^^^^. /"• — |T ?%- / v^.^^i^ jti+irvl a :
Company d^/^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^W 7^^ F >J°^ TRENTON, NEW JERSEY ?
PASSENGERS / — — - '
Fort Yukon I ; B "' sT ° /^f^if-*^^^"' A *'"^^^^^^d^^l^^^Sr ::^\^v"^^^%kif^ r^ : ELRCTRIC - powER : :
And other_ Points Yukon < "<^NORTHWEST TERRITORY.'^ 1 " "" >rf<^^>^^S%^S^%! ! W ' RE
r ~~~~ _ j ~'^ " O^jJ^^o^^oa,^ 0^ >iK«^^t\^^W^^ ♦INSULATORS. PINS AND
J - j || FRO/Vl SflllN FRANCISCO I \ BRACKETS
I V>* ST. MICHAELS M5O Hilii lAMI. X OF DISTANCE 9 3 ™^'^ \' * * "
WITH I Mile* POINT lll*.rro«J«!>Mu Mile» POINT Hil^from J>»u V^^^l, V jf \ Xjfic^ I Y^-IMF l' •
uiiuumunu,: MjW TRADING iuiilliliiillliil II •• KulnfiikV ' '"'/«sw ' JMBfil rtii in r'"if rH *> W Head of Lake U Mag* 23! --^Orffc.,^ \T" -*rfrtV**^?V ; jsiJv II ■♦■
C c-r^-rt/^ivfc- « ! *«• MiekoeU toKutiik via JW«W. W« " • Tinea J'" U «kM orXote fj*" l ** \ \ 'yiVaf — - ; > \«* I ♦
L STATIONS 3 . J .... Kwref ski .'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 225 " «H Head of Vnn<ie ifmHffatUm ... ?«fi ' 7 Jl-;,tii,;tijui Ai ? rVr! !!'....! !! «i» •" >\ . */"' 'V< V^V , MF^ 1 ■! jit WIRE CLOTH NETTINGS ■*
•• A-.,x'r^ra- .rs " »% ii.f. •; i..,k< Umdenma* .... rx^ : Biy Wjwm JKtrcr »» _>»>ji, , ILJ^J^K. ±r VCA\ I>W IKb CLOTH pj^ NETTINGS »
*""""■ ""' .. .. iri rik '.'. -J.V - - h'"ol f hike Lin.Urimin J,M'<, .-,><, litll.- S.tttmtn Hirer - \ fr'^C V V\L'\ W* ». 'I*
• • \-,,i,,f, CTO " / //""' 'f I.nke llmnett I.r.'<. .^'.j b\rt Ftnijer RfttiUl* -J-M / X" S9 'BY I * "
•• \,, r, kiif.nl .. .... It*' "' . ' "■"'' 'it J-'ikf Ilrunttt /fi/- 1 ! « /.';>i* K'tfiiii* ■»." •* v/^Nt ( L~~^ \ X^r*^sLl Jf '% '' 11^ "
Pnf D«toc nl p.ccairo and Frpiffht " Circle CU*.. I--'" " ■ Bead qf Lake Mar nk. •>'?>r,,rt Kirrr •' JJvi mtjplStf^y^ J J l_ftK i*l «i v /^<' Jwk I ♦
ror Kates or passage ana rreigni .. .. ,„,„„,,,, .„ /••„,,? ■■< i,a, vamh a«4 » sirty-Mu* i*o*t r v*^ / S Yv?y~^\~Ti t*S»-il ♦
Apply tO IkN^. '• ■■ Fori \'.'... ".:.<•■-■• " % Fool of C<tn>ion S?M to Fnrl'i-MilePnVt -'-■" ' ' : ■ ■.'-' : : ":-.V- :! ••^- . - '•.^■i. s - < ~. .„. • ' : . t"*>>/l^ii #^11l I *RAPRFn WIDR MAII C ';■"
J pOv Selkirk to Dyen ■"•' " l\ llr<t,l of White l/,» - r l;,, tl ,,i-.. 225>i H For i Cudahy r**i . >C--—^^w^^-^"^ f t—t>T'V??t^f V^ .A^J > UCL ' ** «XC» I>/\IL3
I^Ov all Selkirk s^T^W-it !'* //""' '■' "'"" // *"*""""" *"""" j^^^^f s^^ d^^ 24^ ««» > r^\ "^lps IJ/ * I > E>I: « fWP STREET:
l^* L»fi4eg4^- /^.£s- nmuw A^fhgjfflfilk L * 3Hn " Wl^ SAN FRANCISCO ;
lr.Qs.lj. lm^ **> if Hi **§* > 1 . AND :
|1 D M^' I** % &* "**s?? ** I Yukon River Points ;
, Building l|| "" Ji^YERY year is a Jubilee Year """I! Ist Michael
I rapcr Ij || _^ Every day is a day of rejoicing II I The New a., ocean steamer
I• is indispensable ~I; j| -(~s^3 I P^ Every meal is a cause for Thanksgiving ** I "SAMOA" 898 ;
I b indispensable |jf -' Every meal is a cause for Thanksgiving ti Sa « Fran^°
@ for ® yy S^SP^ "^^ lon or about May 25th, 1898 .
® ® t^^F *^- 3: TT f to connect with the
lAI 1 nti Daalc? I 4iJ * 2^ X NEW Dispatch River Steamer
I AiasKan koots | ]pr ro 7//OS£ w//o patronize t* * **clara m
I find Gflbins i __ *■■■"■+ >• TtiE IMIACF HJATFI (iDIII HAAM %% t^i* o *.*?*^ l^ Passage Apply to
?1| Jire you one of them ?u " HoTft fiRIII ■■" 111 1 «==
1* llt /!■> yVII VIK VI ll^lllf w ft I TraS^and Mmm? Go
I ALL DEALERS SELL IT I ««*****************^ | .ncorporated
I § ||||^^^4'4^4 k^4^^4^4^4 k 4 k 4 b 4 ( 4^ ;!: 402KearnySt.,SanFrancisco,Cal.
I ' ■ ■