VOLUME LXXXIIL— NO. 160.
TWELVE HUNDRED
KILLED OR WOUNDED
Graphic Details of the Bravery and Horrors of
the Crushing Defeat of the Spaniards in
Manila Bay by Dewey's Fleet.
SCENE OF THE IMPENDING NflVfIL CONFLICT.
Birdseye View of the West Ir)diar) Islands ar)d Waters
frorr) Cuba to Martinique, Showing the Approximate Posi
tions, from the Latest Reports, of the SpaQish ar)d American
fleets, Both Heading for San Juan, Porto Rico.
NEIV YOTiK, May B.—
The Herald reserves all rights
to this dispatch, and forbids
its publication, with or without
credit, for twenty-four hours.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Philippine Isl
ands, on board the flagship
Olympia, May i (via Hong
kong, May B).— On the day
he sailed from Mirs Bay to go
in search of the enemy Com
modore Dewey remarked to
the officers grouped around
him that he proposed to fight
the Spaniards on the very
first day he could get at them,
and this he believed would
be the following Sunday.
When we arrived off Subig
Bay, not very far north of
Manila, yesterday afternoon,
all the commanding officers
of the ships were called to
gether on the flagship and
every detail of the plan of at
tack was outlined to them by
the Commodore.
The complete precision
with which the plan was ex
ecuted to-day reflects equal
credit upon Commodore
Dewey and his captains.
As I have already stated,
The San Francisco Call
after the destruction of the
enemy's ships and fortifica
tions and the battle was over,
the Commodore anchored his
fleet off the City of Manila
and sent word to Governor-
General Augusti that the port
of Manila was now blockaded.
With this notice went a
plainly worded warning
that i? a single shot was
fired at any ship of the
American fleet from Manila,
that city would be laid in
ashes.
Commodore Dewey also
made a demand for the use
of the cable from Manila to
Hongkong. No reply to this
demand has yet been re
ceived. Never in the history
of battles on sea or land has
there been a more complete
clearing out of an enemy of
equal or superior force
achieved with so little harm
to the victors.
Not one American was
killed. Every American ship
is ready to-night to fight a
similar action to-morrow
morning. To-day's complete
victory was the product of
forethought, cool, well-bal
anced judgment, discipline
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
SAMPSON'S FLEET OFF
THE HAYTIAN COAST
NEW YORK, May 8. — The Herald's Washington correspondent sends the following:
Cable advices received from Bear Admiral Sampson announce his arrival off the coast of Hayti yes
terday with a division of his fleet. He will remain at the' point where he is now located until the department
or one of the scouts informs him of the appearance of the Spanish men-of-war, which sailed from St. Vincent
nine days ago. Although press reports have been published announcing that the Spanish fleet has arrived at
San Juan and off Martinique, the department has heard nothing from the American liners acting as scouts
confirming such reports, and the Consular officers of this Government in the West Indies are silent. The
officers are under instructions to report to the Department of State any reliable information of the presence
of any Spanish men-of-war.
The Naval Board has estimated the Spanish squadron should be at or near Porto Bico by this time,
and it is in the hope of bottling up the fleet in the harbor of San Juan that the men-of-war of the North
Atlantic squadron are hovering within a short distance of Porto Bico.
Should the Spanish fleet not make its appearance in the West Indies by to-morrow night or Tues
day, the authorities will turn their attention to the battleship Oregon and her consorts, the gunboat Marietta
and cruiser Nictheroy, whose safety will then become a matter of anxiety. Believing that these ships can
take care of themselves, it is not proposed by the Naval War Board to send them any reinforcements on ac
count of the blockade of the Cuban coast and of the exposure of the gulf ports of the United States that would
consequently follow. If the Oregon should engage the enemy in battle it is expected that prompt information
will be at once sent to Washington, and then Bear Admiral Sampson's fleet can safely be sent to destroy it.
So far as the protection of northern ports is concerned, the authorities are confident that the junction
of the flying squadron and the northern patrol squadron will form a fleet which will defeat the Spanish
squadron, should it make its appearance along the coast. Commodore W. S. Schley, commanding the squad
ron, has orders to be prepared to sail at a moment's notice, but he will only go in the event that the where
abouts of the Spanish fleet is ascertained.
Offensive movements against Porto Rico may be expected to commence immediately after the de
struction of the Spanish fleet or upon receipt of information showing that the enemy's men-of-war are still
on the other side of the Atlantic. The more the officials have studied the situation the more convinced they
are that Porto Bico is the strategical key to the situation, and there is some talk in naval circles as to the
advisability of first occupying Porto Bico and then invading Cuba. It is possible that the two invasions may
occur simultaneously, but in any event the authorities have determined to take Porto Bico as soon as they are
advised of the whereabouts of the Spanish men-of-war. It is recognized that it would be foolhardy to attempt
to transport troops to Porto Bico, about 1000 miles distant from Key West, in the face of a possible attack
by the Spanish fleet, and it is this danger that has caused the officials to hesitate about making an offensive
movement. With Porto Bico in the possession of this Government, and with a strong fleet stationed there, it
will be possible to withdraw many of the men-of-war from Cuban waters after a large army has been trans
ported to Cuba and to leave to the land forces and to the monitors and auxiliary vessels the work of reducing
Havana and of forcing Captain-General Blanco to capitulate.
and bravery.
The position taken by the
Spaniards, coupled with their
heavy guns mounted on shore,
gave them an enormous ad
vantage. Only our good luck
COMMODORE DEWEY'S
WORK UP TO DATE.
MONDAY, April 25.— Received news of the declaration of war.
Quitted British waters.
WEDNESDAY— SaiIed for Manila at fastest speed that could be
made with coal supply for ships.
SATURDAY NlGHT— Passed the batteries at the entrance of
Manila Bay.
SUNDAY— Sank, burned or captured all the ships of the Span
ish squadron, silenced and destroyed three batteries.
MONDAY— Occupied navy-yard. Blew up six batteries at the
entrance to the bay. Cut the cable. Established blockade of
Manila. Drove Spanish forces out of Cavite.
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY— Swept the lower bay and en
trance for torpedoes. Gave crews well-earned rest. Prepared
official dispatches.
The losses of the Spaniards include ten warships, several tor
pedo boats, two transports, navy-yard and nine batteries.
Including the losses ashore about 1200 Spaniards were killed
or wounded,
The estimated value of the Spanish property destroyed or cap
tured is $6,000,000.
On the American side the total loss is eight men wounded and
$5000 damage to ships.
or the bad aim of the Span
ish gunners saved us a more
terrible loss of life.
Where every vessel in the
American fleet proved itself
so efficient I cannot draw
distinctions, but when the
ships passed each other
close aboard, after the ac
tion was over, the hearti
est cheers heard after
those for the commodore
were given to the little gun
boat Petrel.
During the first hour of the
fight in the morning a Span
ish torpedo-boat was seen
sneaking along the shore
ahead of the Olympia. Sud
denly thistorpedo-boat turned
and made a quick and plucky
dash at the flagship. The
commander of that Spanish
craft must have been ignorant
of the power of modern guns
or utterly indifferent to death.
Not until she had been
twice hit by shots from the
Olympia's secondary battery
did the daring little boat turn
back. She reached the beach
just in time to save her crew
from drowning.
Two other Spanish torpedo
boats made more cautious at
tempts to come out into the
harbor to attack us, but one
was immediately sunk by
our fire and the other quickly
abandoned the attack.
TERRIBLE HAVOC
WROUGHT BY THE
AMERICAN FLEET
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, PHIbtfPINE ISL
ANDS, ON BOARD THE FLAG
SHIP OLYMPIA, May 5 (Via
Hongkong, May 8). — As Gover
nor-General Augusti failed to com
ply with Commodore Dewey's
demand for the use of the cable to
Hongkong after Sunday's battle,
the Commodore was obliged to cut
the cable on Monday. I leave
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
here for Hongkong to-day on the
revenue steamer McCulloch, which
is acting as the fleet's dispatch
boat. Commodore Dewey sends
at the same time his official dis
patches to the authorities in Wash
ington. ,
The documents captu red in the
arsenal at Cavite show the Span
ish naval council of war had de
cided to make their fight against
the American ships in Subig Bay,
that place having much stronger
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fijJTi?^*nffiJr GW I money tempts many a
J^ Ji \____jK* health, with the result
/ /& \ that he soon loses both
// )r ■)■■'■■■' money and health, and
I' f J finds himself doomed
111 / /] . to an untimely death.
I\ / I A man should remember when
I / /[ he is tempted to over-work him-
\ln*Qa* self, neglect his health, and de-
<© vote insufficient time to eating,
renting, and sleeping, that death is the
tempter that holds out money as a bait. If
a man will take proper care of his health, he
will feel like work, and will find.that he can
do all the work that he cares to do within
working hours.
'-.' Dr. '} Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
gets a man into working shape and keeps
him there. It invigorates the liver, keepl
the digestion !in working order, the appe-
tite ; hearty and keen. It keeps the blood
pure and plentiful. It keeps out and drives
out impurities and. disease-germs. It wards
off nervous and wasting diseases. It cures
08 per cent, of all cases of consumption. -It
is the product of the life-work of an emi-
nent and skillful specialist. Dr. R. V. Pierce,
for thirty years chief consulting physician
to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Insti-
tute, at Buffalo, N. Y. Druggists sell it
'. Mrs. L. F. Coates, of Blythebourne, Kings Co.,
N. V., writes: " Three years ago, I was so sick I
could not eat, sleep or walk, for I coughed all day
and night. My weight was reduced from 150 to
127 pounds. The first night that I slept for hours
at one time, was after I had taken three doses of
Dr.- Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. The of-
fensive matter expectorated grew less every day
and when I had taken the whole of one bottle I
could sleep all night without coughing, and have
been well ever since and weigh 178 pounds."
'.:" A good,' practical, medical book is worth
more iin a home than a thousand novels.
Dr. Pierce'.s Common Sense Medical Adviser
is that ! kind of ; a book. It contains i.ooS
pages ' and \ over 300 ; illustrations. ■ ; A new :
edition given away absolutely free. ;If you
want a paper-covered copy send 31 one-cent
stamps (the cost of mailing only), to World's
Dispensary, Medical Association, Buffalo,
N. Y. :. For cloth binding. 31 sump* .
. ■ ■■■-._. ---t ■■—» - - ■ ■2
DOING HONOR
TO GALLANT
GEORGE DEWEY
It Now Remains for Congress to
Carry Out the President's Wishes
in Thanking the Admiral.
XEW YORK, May 8. — A Washington special to the Herald says:
President McKinley and Congress will unite In doing honor to Act
ing Rear Admiral Dewey for his sweeping victory. The President
has alr-ady done all that he can, without th<* co-operation of Con
gress, by cabling to the gallant officer in command of the Asiatic fleet
that he has appointed him an acting rear admiral, and that he will
recommend that he receive the thanks of Congress as a preliminary
to further promotion. Section 1356 of the Revised Statutes provides that
"during war rear admirals shall be selected from those officers on
the active list not below the grade of commanders, who shall have
eminently distinguished themselves by courage, skill and genius in
their profession, but no officer shall be so promoted under this pro
vision unless, upon recommendation by the President by name, he
eceived the thanks of Congress."
Section 1508 of the Revised Statutes says that any line officer,
■whether of the regular navy or volunteers, m*y be advanced one
grade, if upon recommendation of the President, by name, he has re
ceived the thanks of Congress for highly distinguished conduct in
conflict with the enemy or for extraordinary heroism.
rnder the law it is necessary for the President to take the first
step toward giving any officer the thanks of Congress or of promot
ing him out of his regular order. In the case of Acting Rear Ad
miral Dewey, the President has already indicated that he will rec
ommend a vote of thanks and will then give him the promotion pro
vided by law. Whether he is to have a still higher promotion will de
pend on Congress. At present the highest grade provided for by law
in the navy is that of rear admiral, the grades of admiral and vice
admiral having expired with the deaths of Admiral Porter and Vice-
Admiral Rowan. Special legislation would be required to revive
either grade. It is probable that one or both of them may be revived
at the end of the war as rewards for officers who have signally
distinguished themselves. That Acting Rear Admiral Dewey -will re
ceive one <>f these rewards may be regarded as certain. Acting Rear
Admiral Sampson is looked upon as likely to receive the other.
natural advantages for defense
than are found in Manila Bay.
Commodore Dewey's promptness
in bringing over his fleet from Mirs
Bay prevented them from moving
to this position.
1 find that in my previous dis
patch 1 underestimated the losses
of Spaniards in Sunday's battle.
The surgeon of Castilla tells me
that Admiral Montijo was wound
ed. The captain, chaplain and
ninety others were killed and six
were wounded on the Castilla.
One hundred and fifty were
killed and ninety wounded on the
Reina Christina, Admiral Montijo's
flagship.
Five were killed and twenty
nine wounded on the Don Juan de
Austria.
Four were killed and fifty wound
ed on the Don Antonio de Ulloa.
As 1 am leaving the harbor the
situation in the city of Manila is
very critical. The British Consul
reports that the city has been en
tirely cut off from the outside
worid both by sea and land, and
only enough provisions left to last
a few days.
It is impossible to open commu
nication between the shore and
the fleet, and therefore news about
events ashore is very scarce on
board the American vessels.
The little that has leaked
through indicates the probability
that the insurgents will soon attack
the city. The Spanish residents
of Manila are very bitter against
the Governor-General and they
are threatening to depose him.
Here is a summary of Commo
dore Dewey's work up to date:
Monday, April 25 — Received
news of the declaration of war.
Quitted British waters.
Wednesday — Sailed for Manila
at fastest speed that could be made
with the coal supply of the ships.
Saturday night — Passed the bat
teries at the entrance of Manila
Bay.
Sunday — Sank, burned or cap
tured all the ships of the Spanish
squadron, and silenced and de
stroyed three batteries.
Monday — Occupied the navy
yard. Blew up six batteries at
the entrance to the bay. Cut the
cable. Established a blockade at
Manila. Drove the Spanish forces
out of Cavite.
Tuesday and Wednesday —
Swept the lower bay and entrance
for torpedoes, and gave the crews
a well-earned rest. Prepared the
official dispatches.
The losses of the Spaniards in
clude ten warships, tor
pedo-boats, two transports, a
navy-yard and nine batteries.
Including the losses ashore,
about 1200 Spaniards we re killed
or wounded.
The estimated value of the
Spanish property destroyed or cap
tured is $6,000,c00.
On the American side the total
loss is eight men wounded and
£5000 damage to ships.
The British gunboat Linnet en
tered the bay on Monday, but
some of her men having the plague
she did not come near to our ships.
The French armored cruiser
Bruix entered the bay to-day. The
British cruiser Immortal ite is un
derstood to be on her way to
Manila.
The more I recall the events of
WILL FORTIFY
ST. JOHNS.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., May B.—
Owing to the serious interna
tional complications growing out
of the war between the United
States and Spain, the British
Government is arranging to for
tify St. Johns. The British War
Office has cabled the Governor,
Sir Herbert Murray, as to the
condition of the forts and bar
racks belonging to the imperial
Government, which were given
into the custody of the colonial
authorities when the troops were
withdrawn from here in 1870.
Sir Herbert Murray and the
Colonial Ministry are consult
ing with a view of housing im
perial troops, the first contingent
of which is likely to arrive from
Halifax next week.
last Sunday's battle, the more
miraculous it seems that no Ameri
can lost his life.
The shell that entered the Bos
ton's wardroom was going straight
for Paymaster Martin, when it ex
ploded within a few feet of him,
yet he was not touched.
Aboard the Olympia an operat
ing table was placed in the ward
room. Chaplain Frazier, who was
assisting the surgeon, had his head
out of one of the 6-pounder gun
ports, when a shell struck the
ship's side, less than a yard away.
The chaplain pulled his head in
just in time to -escape having it
blown off, as the shell instantly
burst.
Three fragments of one shell
struck the Olympia within a
radius of fifteen feet from Commo
dore Dewey. The armor-piercing
projectile that exploded a box of
three-pounder ammunition on the
Baltimore passed between two
groups of men so close to both that
it is difficult to see how all es
caped.
If the Spaniards had properly
prepared for our coming they
would have killed many of our
men, but they had not intended to
make their fight at Cavite.
Among other official papers cap
tured in Admiral Montijo's office
was his acknowledgment of the
receipt of a decision of the Council
of War officers to mass his guns
and ships at Subig Bay, where
much better conditions for defense
existed. This was prevented only
by Commodore Dewey's action. A
few days would have sufficed to
remove all their guns and ships to
Subig Bay, where there is a nar
row entrance and the water is
shoal, and a plunging fire from
shore would have made victory
very difficult for us to attain.
HORRORS OF THE
NAVAL BATTLE
DULY DEPICTED
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, May B.— Early in the
morning of Monday, May 2, the day af
ter the battle in Manila Bay, Comman
der Lamberton and myself were or
dered to go to Cavite Arsenal and take
possession. The Petrel took us within
500 yards of the landing, when we were
surprised to see that the arsenal was
still occupied by about 800 seamen,
armed with Mauser magazine rifles.
As the white flag had been hoisted
on the arsenal the day before, Com
mander Lamberton could not under
stand what the Spaniards intended to
do, and before leaving the Petrel he
ordered Commander Wood to keep his
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, .MAY 9, 1898.
General Stewart L. Woodford, United States Minister
to Spain, Who Has Returned to Washington.
men at the guns, with directions that if
we were not back in one hour he should
open fire on the arsenal.
On landing we were met by Captain
Sostoa of the Spanish navy, next in
rank at this station to Admiral Mon
tijo, who had been wounded and con
veyed to Manila. Commander Lamber
ton, Lieutenant Wood of the Petrel and
myself went with Sostoa to the arsenal
headquarters, which were at once sur
rounded by an armed guard. Comman
der Lamberton told Captain Sostoa that
he was surprised to see his men under
arms after they had surrendered the
day before.
Captain Sostoa replied that they had
not surrendered, but had merely hoist
ed the white flag in order to enable
them to remove the women and chil
dren to places of safety.
Commander Lamberton said that
when the Spanish flag came down and
the white flag went up, no other inter
pretation could be placed upon it than
that it was an unconditional surrender,
and the women and children ought not
to have been there anyhow.
Captain Sostoa remarked that we
came so early in the day they had not
| had time to remove them. If we had
not begun the light so soon the women
would have been out of the way.
Commander Lamberton reminded him !
that the Spaniards had fired the first
j shot However, he added, he was not !
there to discuss past events. He had I
I come, as Commodore Dewey's represen- j
i tative, to take possession of the arsenal, j
All the Spaniards there, he said, must i
surrender their arms and persons as ,
prisoners of war, otherwise our ships i
would open fire on them.
Then Captain Costoa said he could ;
do nothing, not being in command, and
would have to consult his superiors.
Commander Lamberton refused to
recognize any one but the senior of
ficer actually present, who. he said,
must comply with Commodore Dewey's
conditions.
Captain Sostoa asked to have the
terms of surrender put down in writ
ing, which was done, these being the
conditions: "Without further delay all
the Spanish officers and men must be
withdrawn, and no buildings or stores
must be injured. As Commodore
Dewey does not wish further hostility
with the Spanish naval forces, the
Spanish officers will be paroled, and
the forces at the arsenal will deliver
all their small arms."
Captain Sostoa thTi pleaded for more
time. The talk had all been in Span
ish, and the time when Commander
Wood was to ..pen flre was already
nearly *up. Consequently, Commander
Lamberton gave the Spaniards two
hour's time. If the white flag was not
rehoiste . over the arsenal at noon, he
said, we should reopen flre. We re
turned to the Petrel just in time and
started back across the bay to report
to the commodore. At 10 .3 o'clock the
whit, flag was hoisted, but when we
went to take possession of the arsenal
in the afternoon, we found that every
seaman had marched off to Manila,
carrying his Mauser rifle with him.
Hearing that evening that the Gov
ernor of Manila had refused to let the
cable company transmit our messages.
Commodore Dewty sent the merchant
steamer Zafiro a short distance down
the bay and hid her cut the cable.
Having no instruments for working
the cable, we o-uid not keep up com
munication, and the Governor would
not let the cable company send Its
operators to our ships.
No one can complain that Commo
dore Dewey has been slow in finishing
off his work, but he would have done it
even sooner but for an accident to one
of the Raleigh's pumps, which detained
him in Mirs Bay two days, and also the
slow speed of which the transport ves
sels are capable. But for these delays
the Spanish ships would have been de
stroyed on Thursday instead of Sun
day, as in all other respects Commodore
Dewey's plans were complete.
During the passage of the forts at the
entrance of Manila Bay on Saturday
night Frank B. Randall, chief engineer
of the revenue cutter McCulloch, died
suddenly from heat and prostration.
He was buried at sea the next day.
Although the McCulloch was of no
value as a fighting machine, Commo
dore Dewey several times made use of
her to overhaul sailing craft. She kept
at a safe distance from the scene of
action on Sunday, but went down the
bay to meet the English merchant
steamer Esmeralda, which was coming
in, and made an excellent record for
speed as a dispatch boat while bringing
us over to Hongkong on Thursday.
There were three civilian spectators of
the battle at a distance of ten miles
from the fighting line, but that inci
dent hardly warrants the claim of any
newspaper that it had a steamer spe
cially chartered to accompany the
squadron.
As soon as the natives ashore learned
that the Spaniards had been driven out
of Cavite they began coming in crowds
to pillage. Finally they became so bold
as to attack the hospital, and it was
necessary to send a gruard of American
seamen to protect the wounded or to
transfer them to Manila, The latter
was done on Wednesday, Commodore
Dewey utilizing the captured steamers
for this duty. All the houses of the
Spaniards in the town of San Rogue,
near Cavite, were absolutely gutted by
the natives, who even ventured into the
arsenal and carried off many boatloads
of furniture and stores before a marina
guard was posted at the gates.
The Spanish defeat was advertised
for miles away by the phips burning in
Cavite Bay. The Castilla, which was
set on fire in Sunday morning's battle,
was a magnificent mass of flames
twelve hours later, and continued to
burn all night with brilliant intensity.
I boarded the Don Juan de Austria,
the Isla de Luzon and the Marquis del
Onero while they were still burning. 1
found them fitted up with fine Canet
rapid-fire guns and modern equipments.
I did not discover until we had spent
the afternoon in their vicinity that all
their large guns had been left loaded
with powder and shell, making them
peculiarly dangerous to small boats.
The guns generally lay level just above
the surface of the water. As several
of them were pointd at the arsenal
their charges were first drawn, and
"drowned," as the fire might reach
them at any moment.
When our ships drew away for
breakfast Sunday morning the temper
of the men was well illustrated by the
almost tearful appeal of one gun cap
tain to Commander Lamberton. "For
God's sake, captain, don't stop now,
let's finish them right off. To hell with
breakfast."
"Old Purdy," a privileged petty offi
cer, because he has served in the navy
or army nearly fifty years, greeted the
commodore on Saturday, when the old
man "shifted his quid" and said: "I
hope you won't fight on the 3d of May,
commodore."
"Why not?" asked Commodore
Dewey.
"Well, you see," the old man said. "I
got licked the last time I fought on
that day."
Purdy had been with Hooker at
Chancellorsville, and he did not like
that anniversary.
All our firemen suffered greatly from
the heat during the action, for they
were all shut up below, with furnaces
blazing and a tropical sun pouring down
its heat rays. Probably several of
them would have succumbed but for
tne excitement of battle.
Eighty Spanish bodies were found
unburied on Monday knight, and we
gave them a burial Tuesday morning,
railing in a Roman Catholic priest to
read the burial service over their re
mains. The bodies presented a horrible
sight. One had a head almost entirely
carried away. Another had been struck
111 the stomach by a large projectile,
cuting everything away to the back
bone. One very large man, apparently
an officer, was not only mangled but
burned, and all the bodies were horribly
bloated. To add to the horror of trie
scene, several lean wolf-like dogs had
discovered the bodies before we had.
Probably there were nowhere a more
Interested or more thoroughly hanpy
set of persons £han the group of Avlves
of the American naval officers, who
have been living in Hongkong in o. der
to be near their husbands. Having
heard little news, except alarming rum
ors, since the squadron left here, they
are now recovering their normal soren
uy, with the certainty that their hus
bands are safe. There are about a
dozer of these officers' wives, forming
a little navy colony here.
DISPATCH BOAT CAUSES
EXCITEMENT AT SAN JUAN
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1.. May B.—
When the H-rf '-Call dispatch steamer
approached San Juan last night at dusk
her coming was evidently known In
the Porto Rican city, though it was
evident that her mission was not
known.
The excitement ashore was Intense.
As we drew near the harbor, almost
under the lighthouse, two t from
the entrance, there was a puff of smoke
from Morro's guns, and in a flash the
light in the lighthouse was turned.
From the Herald-Call steamt i could
see the lights on San Juan Cape ex
tinguished. There were 10 lights in
Culc" rita, ana I could see no warship
in or near the harbor. Plantation fires
are raginsr from Arecito t<* the cape.
Consul Hanna told me to-day that he
was very anxious to go with tne United
States attacking fleet to Porto Rico, in
order to po'nt out the new guns and
forts at San Juan
The British steamer Aldborov.<rh ar
rived here from Scotland to-day, with
3000 tons of c iJ for San Juan, and
sailed a few hours later. The German
warship Gier has sailed from here for
Ponce, Porto Rico. There is an uncon
firmed report here that the Alfonso
XII arrived at San Juan yesterday.
WOODFORD ON
AMERICAN SOIL
Return of the Minister
and His Party From
Madrid.
Inclined to Belittle the Danger
He Encountered When
Leaving.
Tourist From Franco Tells of Potty-
Insults to Americans
In Paris.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May B.— General Stew
art Li. Woodford, United States Min
ister to Spain, arrived on La Touraine
this morning' and left for Washington
this afternoon. La Touraine had on
board also a number of the attaches
of the United States Legation at Mad
rid, including George Stanford Sickles,
first secretary of the Legation; captain
T. H. Bliss, Colonel Kellogg, military
attache, and Captain C. L. Dyer, naval
attache. Besides these were Shy Ting,
secretary of the Chinese Legation at
Washington, accompanied by Hon Soo,
also of the Legation.
A reception committee from the
Union League Club and U. S. Grant
Post No 42, G. A. R., met General
Woodford at Quarantine and accompa
nied him to this city. General Wood
ford declined to be interviewed by re
porters, saying he was still in the dip
lomatic service of the Government and
could say absolutely nothing for pub
lication.
Mr. Sickles, when informed that
cable dispatches had reported that the
train on which the members of the
legation had come from Madrid to
Paris had been attacked by a mob
and that stones had been thrown at
the party, said:
"Well, some things were thrown at
the train, but the demonstration was
not of a serious character. A number
of students — not a large number— had
gathered at Valladolid and cried: 'Long
live Spain,' and a few other patriotic
cries. They were not directed against
us particularly, I assure you, but were
the result of a patriotic feeling on their
part. A few windows in one of the
cars next to the party were broken,
but none of us were injured. None at
all were hurt. While at Madrid we
were treated with the utmost cour-
tesy."
When asked how it happened that
Minister Woodford had received his
passport previous to his handing to the
Spanish Government the ultimatum of
the United States Mr. Sickles said:
"We rather expected that, at least
we were not surprised when the pass
ports arrived, as we knew that when
the Spanish Minister at Washington
received his papers the Spanish Cabi
net could probably issue ours to us and
thereby sever all diplomatic relations.
But any further information I cannot
give."
Naval Attache Dyer, when asked
about the reception of his passports by
Minister Woodford, said that he had
not been present at the time, as he had
accompanied the wife and daughter
of Minister Woodford to Paris and had
I left on the day previous to that on
! which the passports had been handed
in.
Colonel Kellogg of the Fourth United
States Cavalry, the military attache
at Paris, said
"I am simply going to Washington to
! beg to be permitted to take part in the
i active operations in the army when
they take place. Captain Rodgers of
the Fourth Cavalry is compelled to re
main abroad, but will make every
effort to be transferred to this country
as soon as possible."
J. S. Highlands, another American
on the steamer, said he had gone
abroad to visit his son at Madrid. He
had intended staying for about six
months, but the anti-American demon
strations had been so great that he
was forced to leave that place within
three weeks after his arrival and that
his son was forced to flee to Lisbon.
Mr. Highlands said that the signs on
the offices of the American business
houses had been smashed and torn
down.
W. G. Cannon of Denver, who had
been traveling abroad, said he was
forced to return to this country, and
he could not continue through Spain
during the present state of affairs. In
Paris, Mr. Cannon said, the feeling was
most bitterly anti-American. Every
person who was thought to be Ameri
can was elbowed off the sUewalks,
jestled by the crowds and every-.Uins
possible done to show the antipathy of
the French. Petty annoyances were
practiced. For instance, the street cars
will not stop to take on American pas
sengers, rates of exchange on money
in most cases are exorbitant and small
purchases are not encouraged by many
of the shop keepers except at figures
three or four times the actual value.
WASHINGTON, May 8. — General
Stewart L. Woodford, United States
Minister to Spain, arrived in Washing
ton from New York to-night. He
went almost directly to the White
House, where he was given a most cor
dial reception by the President. He
remained in conference with the Presi
dent until a late hour, the entire His
pano-American situation being inform
ally and thoroughly discussed. General
Woodford declined to be interviewed
on the subject.
It can be said that the President not
only gave General Woodford a cordial
reception, but warmly congratulated
him upon his conduct of American in
terests in Madrid. The President as
sured him that his work in Madrid dur
ing the critical crisis met with his en
tire approval.
It was learned to-night that the ad
ministration had a purpose in transmit
ting to General Woodford the ulti
matum of the United States to Spain
in open English, instead of in the State
Department cipher, which is usually
employed in cable correspondence with
diplomatic representative? It was ex
pected by tlie President that the mes
sage to Minister Woodford would be
laid before the Saga^ta ministry be
fore it was delivered to General Wood
ford, and in this he was not incorrect,
as 'events proved. The message was
delayed many hours in delivery, and
Minister Woodford afterward learned
that the ultimatum had been in the
hands of Sagasta and had been con
sidered by the Cabinet long before he
lear-ed that it had arrived. Thus it
was that the Spanish Government was
enabled to give him his r ,ssports be
fore he had an opportunity to deliver
the ultimatum formally to the Madrid
Government.
The fact that the ultimatum was not
presented to the Spanish Government
was entirely satisfactory to the ad
ministration, as it was In accordance
with the expectations of the President.
Consul General Bow^n, whose head-.
quarters were at Barcelona, arrived
here to-night in company with General
Woodford. He, too. declined to make
, any statement for publication.
SAMPSON'S
VICTORY MAY
END THE WAR
Having Acquired the Spanish
Islaods, It Will Tak;e Time to
Decide Upon Their Future.
NEW YORK. May B.— The Herald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: Optimistic military and naval men, encouraged by the ease
with which Admiral Dewey annihilated the Spanish vessels in Manila
harbor, are confident to-day of an early ending of the war.
Anticipating that Admiral Sampson will be equally successful
when he meets the Spanish Squadron in Porto Rican waters, the
consensus of opinion among them is that the war will be over with
in thirty days. These prophecies, however, are predicated on the
theory that Admiral Sampson will meet the Spanish fleet, which is
overdue at Porto Rico.
With Admiral Dewey's successes in the Pacific repeated by Ad
miral Sampson in the Atlantic there is little doubt that the back
bone of the war will be effectually broken. With two reverses to
her navy like the one she suffered at Manila, Spain must realize
that it would be utter folly for her to make any further attempt
to prevent the United States from driving her out of Cuba and Porto
Rico, and when no further resistance from sea is possible at these
two places, it will be comparatively a simple matter for the United
States to take possession of both islands and maintain peace and or
der until a satisfactory form of government can be established.
As long as Spain keeps what vessels she has left home, and does not
molest our commerce, the United States will be satisfied to consider the
"war ended when the Spaniards are driven from Cuba and Porto Rico.
It does not follow that the demolition of the Spanish squadron
will bring an end to the military and naval operations of the United
States, nor will the evacuation of Cuba and Porto Rico by Spain
put an end to active work by our military and naval forces. There
is something else to be done besides driving Spain from this hemi
sphere. A new government must be established in Cuba, the starv
ing must be fed, and peace and order must be maintained in Porto
Rico. The United States has given notice to the world that it does
not want Cuba. Besides driving the Spanish troops out of Cuba, the
United States has the task of evolving order out of chaos after the
Spaniards have departed, and this may mean the employment of a
large military force for an indefinite period.
It may also be necessary to keep our vessels in Cuban waters for
some time after -we have ceased hostilities with Spain. The islands
will necessarily have to be under a military form of government,
pending an election by the people of the island to determine the
form of government they want. This cannot be accomplished in a day
or a month, and the probabilities are that the United States army will
be engaged in police duty, Jn f he island of Cuba for months after
actual hostilities with Spain have ceased. The same may be said of
Porto Rico and the Philippines. Although the disposition of the Phil
ippines is still a mooted question, there is a growing sentiment in
favor of holding this possession in the Pacific permanently. As to
Porto Rico, there is not the slightest doubt that when the American
flag is once planted it will never come down. The feeling here is that
we have been in search of a coaling station in the West Indies too
long and the necessity for such possession is too great to admit of
our relinquishing control for a financial consideration after we have
acquired it.
WAR REVENUE
BILL DELAYED
Many Amendments Un
der Consideration in
Committee.
Bond Proposition Will Be De
bated at Length in the
Senate.
Hawaiian Annexation Resolution to
Bo Introduced in ih«
House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 8.
The expectation is that the war rev
enue bill will be received in the Sen
ate from the Committee on Finance
about "Wednesday, but its report may
be delayed for a day or two beyond
that date. The fact is that the com
mittee has found so many changes con
sidered desirable from its standpoint
that progress has necessarily been
slow. This has proved to be true with
out regard to party lines. The Repub
licans have suggested many more
amendments to the bill than have the
Democratic members, and many of
those suggested by them have been of
such importance as to require careful
attention and much time. There are
many matters yet requiring considera
tion and until these shall have been
voted upon in committee, it will be im
possible to fix a day for reporting the
bill.
Whether the bill shall carry a pro
vision for a new Government loan on
the bonds depends entirely upon Sen
ator Jones of Nevada. So far as it can
be learned he has not yet made known
his position in the committee, and the
other members profess to be ignorant
of the subject. The understanding on
the outside is that he will oppose the
bond feature, and that, consequently,
when the bill is reported this provision
will be eliminated and probably an au
thorization for the issuance of green
backs substituted lor it.
Whatever the verdict of the commit
tee on the bond clause, the bond ques
tion will form the basis of the Sen
ate's consideration of the bill. This
subject will in any event be debated
at length in the Senate. It is generally
conceded that even though the com
mittee displaces the provision, the
friends of the bond policy will be strong
enough to restore it in the Senate if a
vote is taken. The opponents of bonds
hold that strength of the bond provi
sion is due to the fact that the state
of war exists and they are hopeful
that war may come to a close before
it will be necessary to vote upon the
bill. They do not indicate any purpose
of holding the bill in the Senate with
this purpose in view, but they now
assert it to be their intention to de
bate the bill at length, or at least to the
extent necessary to present their views
fully to the country.
The Republican amendments are
directed to the improvement of the
details of the bill and to the elimina
tion of many small items and the in
sertion of others which will bring more
revenue. The Democratic members of
the committee generally are assisting
their Republican colleagues in this
matter and admit that the bi.i is being
improved by the process, but they in
sist that as th *y have so far been en
gaged on Republican amendments that
party should take the responsibility for
the delay that has occurred.
It is said that one or two days more
will be necessary for the perfection of
the measure according to the Repub
lican plan. How much more time will
be necessary for the Democratic sug
gestions cannot be foretold. It would
not, however, be very surprising if the
■ bill should not be taken up for debate
before the last days of the week.
The definite programme for Hnusa
procedure during the present week is
fixed.
On Tuesday the committee on foreign
affairs will probably report a joint res
olution providing for the annexation of
the Hawaiian Islands. It will have the
support of all Republican and som«
Democratic members of the committee,
and, furthermore, in view of what
seems a recently growing sentiment
here favorable to a policy of coloniza
tion, its passage by the House this
week, without very strong resistance,
is likely.
MEN!
The great wonder is that there are so
many half-men in the world to-day. There
is no reason why there should be one. These
weak ones let things go on from bad to worse
when they ought not to waste a single mo- \
! ment in putting things right. They waste
I away by small degrees, the nerves become i
i unstrung, and debilitation — complete—
'follows. One thing is certain, and that is-]
in every case delay means a worse state of]
affairs. Where vigor has been lost it is pos-
sible to - recover it, no matter from what 1
cause the weakening process — over- i
work, brain fatigue or the abuse of nature's
forces in some way. "Hudyan" restores
vital force in very, very short time. This is ;
the history of many a case : i
A falling away by degrees.
Nerves become weaker.
Nervous debility.
Great " Hudyan " is tried.
All troubles vanish at once.
-■'
. But it is "Hudyan," and that only, that
will restore to you the fire of youth. It wilf\
send a thrill through you which will make \
your heart glad. The Hudson doctors
alone can give you this grand remedy* \
Write to them asking for free circulars tell"
I ing you all about what it has done for others. ;
Mot a cent of. charge for these circulars nor j -
for the best medical advice, mind. You will
be astonished at the way in which your j
vital force will return. And "Hudyan" never •
fails! Never, remember ! If your blood is
tainted in any way the "30-day blood cure"
will at once remove every particle of poison
from your system. It makes no difference
what the i stage of the disease may be.
Write for circulars about that wondrous cure
if. you see any signs of the poison. These
are free, too. This very day begin to be new
MEN!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS.,
; San Francisco, Cal. - '
Rad way's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Bore Muscles, Cramps. ; Burns. Sunburns, Back-
ache. Headache, Toothache. Rheumatism. Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally (or all ?■• Bowel
; Pains, | Colic, Diarrhoea. . Dysentery, * Cholera
Morbus and Bickaess, Nausea, eta. AU dru«- -
fist*. _ fENTER A
TRAP OF
ENEMIES
Close Call of the Morrill
and Vicksburg From
Destruction.
Lured Under the Guns of Santa
Clara and Only Saved by
Bad Marksmanship.
KEY WEST, Fla., May B.—
Only poor marksmanship on the
part of the Spaniards saved the
Vicksburg and the cutter Mor
rill from destruction in Havana
harbor yesterday morning. For
over half an hour they were un
der the fire of the guns of the
Santa Clara water batteries, but
both escaped without material
injury, although shrapnel from
eight-inch guns exploded all
about them, and both now show
the scars of the Spanish bullets.
The wily Spaniards had arranged a
trap to send a couple of our ships to
the bottom. They baited it as a man
would bait a trap. A small schooner
was sent out from Havana harbor
Bhortly before daylight yesterday morn-
Ing to draw some of the Americans into
the ambuscade. The ruse worked like
a charm. The Vicksburg and the Mor
rlll, in the heat of the chase and in
their contempt for Spanish gunnery,
waiked straight into the trap that had j
been set for them. Had the Spaniards
their souls in patience but i
five minutes longer, not even the bad
gun practice would have saved our
Bhips, and this morning two more of j
our vessels would lie at the bottom,
within two lengths of the wreck of the
Maine.
Friday evening the Vicksburg and the
Morrill, cruising to the west of Morro I
Castle, were fired upon by the big guns
of the Cojimar batteries. Two shots '
were fired at the Vieksburg and one
at the Morrill. Both fell short and j
both vessels, without returning the fire
steamed out of range. It would have
been folly to have done otherwise. But j
rday morning the Spaniards had ;
better luck. The schooner they had
sent out before daylight ran off to the ;
eastward, hugging the shore with the
wind on her starboard quarter. About
three miles east <>f the entrance of
the harbor t;ht> came over on the port j
A li^ht haze frinr-ed the horizon
und she was not discovered until three
miles off shore, when the Mayflower:
made her out and signaled the Mor
rill arid Vicksburg.
Captain Smith of the Morrill and;
Commander Lilly of the Vicksburg im
mediately slapped on all steam and j
started in pursuit. The schooner in- j
Btantly put about and ran for Morro
Castle before the wind. On doing so, j
she would, according to the well con
ceived Spanish plot, lead the two Arner
lean warships directly under th? guns!
of the Santa Clara batteries. These
works are a short mile west of Morro, |
and are a part of the defenses of the '
harbor. There are two batteries, one '
at the shore, which has been recently !
thrown up, of sand and mortar, with
wide embrasures for eight-inch guns,
and the other on the crest of the rocky
eminence which juts into the gulf at
the point. The upper battery mounts
modern ten-inch and twelve-inch
Krupp guns behind a six-foot stone
parapet, in front of which are twenty
feet of earthwork and a belting of rail
road iron. This battery is considered
the most formidable of Havana's de
fenses, except Morro Castle. It is
masked and has not been absolutely
located by the American warships.
It is probably due to the fact that the
Spaniards did not desire to expose its
position thai the Vicksbursr and Mor
rill are now aiioat. The Morrill and
Vicksburg were about six miles from
Hi" schooner wh<.-n the chase began.
They steamed after her at full speed,
th" MorrilJ leading until within a mile
and a hall Santa Clara batter
i<-s. Commander Smith of the Vicks
burg was the first to realize the dan
ger into which the reckless pursuit had
led th- m. !!•• concluded it was time to
halt, *and Bent a shot across the bow of
the Bchooner. The Spanish sl-ipper in
stantly brought his vessel about, but
while she was still rolling in the trough
of the sea, with her sails flapping, an
eipht-inch shrapnel shell came hurtlinp
through the air from the water battery,
a miie and a half away. It passed over
the Morrill between the pilot house and
the smokestack and exploded less than
fifty feet on the port quarter. The
small shot ratti'-rl ;i^;;inst her Bide. It
was ;< 11. Two more shots fol
lowed in fjuick succession, both shrap
nel. « >ne burst close under the star
board quarter, filling the enerine room
with the Bmoke of the explosion of the
Bhell, and the other, like the first,
passed over and exploded just beyond.
The Spanish gunners had the rantre
nnd their time fuses were accurately |
set. The crews of both ships were at I
their puns. Lieutenant Craig 1 , who was
in charge of the bow four-inch rapid- |
fire pun of the Morrill, asked for and
obtained permission to return the fire.
At the first snot the Vicksburg, which
was in the wake of the Morrill, sliphtly
in shore, sheered off and passed to
windward under the Morrill's stern.
In the meantime Captain Smith also
put his helm to port and was none too
Boon, for as the Morrill stood off a solid
eight-inch shot grazed her starboard
quarter and kicked up tons of water as
i 1 Ft ruck a wave 100 yards beyond.
Captain Smith said afterward that this
wna undoubtedly an eight-inch armor
pir-rcing projectile, and that it would
have passed through the Morrill's boil
ers had she not changed her course.
All the guns of the water battery
WfTP now at work. One of them cut
tho jacoh's ladder of the Vicksburg
adr'ft and another carried away a por
tion of tho ricking.
As the Morrill and the Vicksburg
sfr-.inif-rl away their aft guns were used,
but only a few shots were fired. The
Morrill's six-inch gun was elevated for
4000 yards, and struck tho earthworks
repeatedly. Tho Vicksburg fired re
peatedly shots from her six-pounder.
The Spaniards continued to fire shot
and shell for twenty minutes, but the
shots werv ineffective. Some of them
wore so wilil that they aroused the
American sailors to jeers.
The Spaniards only ceased firing
when the Morrill and Vicksburg were
completely out. of range. If all the
Spanish gunners had been suffering ,
, from strabismus, their practice could
not have been worse.
But the officers of both the Morrill
and Vicksburg frankly admit their own
recklessness and the narrow escape of
their vessels from destruction. They
are firmly convinced that the pursuit
of the schooner was a neatly planned
trick which almost proved successful.
If any one of the shots had struck the
thin skin of either vessel it would have
offered no more resistance than a piece
of paper to a rifle ball.
The accurate range of the first few
shots is accounted for by the fact that
the Spanish officers had ample time to
make observations. The bearings of
the two vessels were probably taken
with a range finder at the Santa Clara
battery, and as this battery is prob
ably connected by wire with Morro,
they were enabled to take bearings
from both points, and by laborious cal
culations they fixed the positions of the
vessels pretty accurately. With such
opportunity for observation it would
have been no groat trick for an Amer
ican gunner to drop a shell down the
smokestack of a vessel.
As soon as the ships sheered off, after
the first fire, the Spanish gunners lost
the range and their practice became
ludicrous. If they had waited five min
utes longer before opening fire. Cap
tain Smith says, it would have been
well-nigh impossible to have missed
the target.
Later in the day the Morrill cap
tured the Spanish schooner Espana,
bound for Havana, and towed the prize
to Key West.
On Friday the French school shin
Dubourdieu, carrying thirty guns in
all, entered the harbor of Havana. She
was stopped by the Morrill, and two
salutes were fired by the Annapolis be
fore she showed her flag.
PRAISE OF THE
ENGLISH PRESS
FOR BRAVE DEWEY
LONDON, May 9.— The comment on
the battle at Man. as the details
come in, is universally flattering to
Commodore Dewey and the American
navy.
The Times says: "The destruction of
the Spanish fleet was complete, as com
plete as any achievement recorded in
naval annals. Commodore Dewey show
ing himself worthy alike of the great
traditions of the United States navy
and of his kinship with the race that
; produced Nelson."
The Standard says: "Commodore
Dew 7 h^s evidently taken as his model
for dispatch writing, that laconic Brit
ish sailor of famous memory, who re
ported a decisive naval victpry thus:
Engaged en err. • yesterday. Captured
ships as per margin.' "
The Daily News says: "Commodore
Dewey's dispatch ,in their conciseness
and modesty, are in accordance with
the best naval traditions. The battle
establishes a record among contests of
the kind, for one of the combatants de
stroyed the whole fleet of he other
without himself surfering any loss
whatever. The victors carried the
whoie Job through in a thoroughly
workmanlike manner. It is especially
worth noting that the discipline of the
American ships is reported to have been
perfect; for n:any Spanish authorities
and some independent critics thought
that this mi^ht be a weak point on the
American side. The. excellence of the
American tactics and the superiority of
marksmanship are likely to be a per
manent factor in this war. The chief
lesson i "iich the battle of Manila en
forces as what everybody knew before,
namely, that under modern conditions I
of warfare, no amount of personal
bravery can pos: ly make up a de
flc iency in weight and large metal.'"
ARMY TO BE LANDED
IN CUBA AT ONCE
Washington Post Declares the Inva- !
sion of the Island Is Not to
Be Delayed.
WASHINGTON, May 8.- -~ ■» Wash-:
ington Post to-morrow will say: Be- 1
tween 60,000 and 80,000 men will be
landed on Cuban soil at once. They
will wear the uniform of the United |
States, and they will not return until !
they have defeated the Spanish forces j
on the island and the American flag !
floats as proudly over Havana as it j
does over the ruins of the Cavite fort- j
ress in Manila harbor. This is the idea j
of the military advisers ~? the admin- ;
istration, and the President approved
the plans.
The first section of the army to in-
I vade Cuba will be the 15,000 or 18,000 I
troops that are now assembled at New i
Orleans and Tampa. They are all reg- J
ulars, and most of them are men who i
have seen actual fighting on the plains. ;
They are seasoned, disciplined, effec- \
tive. They will be followed at once by j
another army of 50,000 volunteers, who
will be concentrated at Southern ports
as quickly as the trains can carry them, ■■
and will be transported as fast as the ;
necessary ships can be collected.
It is estimated that it will take at j
least three hundred vessels to carry j
this immense army to Cuba. Nearly ,
everything that floats has already '
been secured by the Government, and j
last night the wires wer^ hot in all \
directions, directing contracts to be j
closed immediately in all the principal
seaport towns.
Other details of the great expedition
have been Arranged. Within forty
ei»jht hours there will be 2000 wagons at
Tampa and 12,000 miles. Several hun
dred ambulances will also be hurried to '
Tampa. Th^y may be needed. Battles ;
are not all like the one which has just
been fought in Manila Harbor..
The Temerario Sails.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett
BUENOS AYRES, May' S.— Advices
from the Herald's correspondent in Mon
tevideo state that the Spanish warship
Temerario sailed from there at noon to
day. The direction in which she sailed
is not known.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
Commodore J. Crittenden Watson, U. S. N., Com
manding Squadron at Key West.
THIS SPY MAY
SOON BE SHOT
Guilt of George Downing
Held by the Military
Authorities.
Promptly Arrested After Mail
ing Information to a Span
ish Official at Toronto.
In the Intercepted Letter He Tells
About Relief for Dewey and
Plans of the Navy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Rlggs House,
Washington, May 8.
Chief Wilkie of the Treasury Secret
1 Service to-day expressed his unquali
, fled belief in the guilt of the man ar
i rested at his direction last night as a
. Spanish spy. All the circumstances in
! the case, many of which Mr. Wilkie
I sets forth, lead up to this irresistible
'. conclusion. He preferred that the story
of the man's arrest should not have
been made public at this time, but he
feels, now that an incorrect version has
leaked out, that it is just as well that
the correct story should be told. The
! man's name is not Kawlings, as origi
i nally announced, but George Downing,
j apparently about 33 years of age, five
| feet seven inches in height, of athletic
; build and Bohemian in appearance.
| Mr. Wilkie tells an interesting story of
I the man's doings lately and of thesteps
! which led up to his arrest.
"Downing," he says, "is an English
man by birth, but is a naturalized
American, and was formerly chief yeo
1 man on the cruiser Brooklyn. His dis
charge from that ship occurred about
two months ago. Our information
shows that last Friday he had a con
ference with Lieutenant Carranza. who
was a naval attache of Spanish Minis
ter de Bernabe, and who was then at
Toronto. He furnished Carranza gen
eral information about the navy, and
particularly about the Brooklyn "navy
yard. After one and a half hours' talk
he came to Washington at the direction
of the lieutenant. He left Toronto Fri
day afternoon for this city. Before
leaving Toronto Carranza gave Down
ing an address which apparently that
officer furnished in Montreal, to which
he was to send all information he ob
tained. Downing- arrived here yester
day afternoon and went directly to
918 E street, where he had stopped no
longer than a week ago. When he left
be told the landlady he was going to
Virginia. Shortly after reaching the
house he went out again to the post
office and dropped a letter into the box
for the address in Montreal which had
been given to him.
"I should say right here that our
officers recognized Downing as soon as
he arrived at the railroad depot and
kept a strict watch on his movements
all during the afternoon and evening
up to the time of his arrest. The let
ter which he mailed was promptly
intercepted and its contents examined.
It contained a statement as to certain
matters In Washington, said the writer
would soon be able to forward some
important information about the Hoi- :
land submarine boat; gave a summary !
of the Bteps for the relief of Admiral
Dewey and promised datja as to the :
movement of American colliers. Down- j
ing also said he intended to go to Nor
folk (which place he hoped to reach !
Tuesday), and expected to obtain im- j
portant information. The letter was !
signed simply with the initials 'G. G. !
We were well satisfied that the man
was a spy, and set about to secure his
apprehension. We communicated with
Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn of the
War Department, to whom we gave a j
summary of the information in our pos
session, and then with Judge Advocate
General Leiber of the army, who ad- j
vised that the man be arrested and
turned over to the military authorities.
Downing returned to his room during
the evening, after dining and reading
the news bulletins.
"Accompanied by Captain Sage of the
Eighth Artillery, a corporal and a pri- ''.
vate, by my own officers and by a
policeman, we went to Downing's
house, where we secured him without
trouble. He offered no resistance, but
appeared frightened and much sur
prised at what was taking place. He
was handcuffed to the private, who,
accompanied by Captain Sage and the
corporal, took him to the arsenal, where j
he is under guard. We have turned
him over to the military authorities for
their disposition. As I said before, I ;
think there is no doubt of the man's
?uilt, sufficient, in my judgment, to jus
tify the extreme penalty of the law."
Spain to Send More Troops.
MADRID. May B.— General Correa,
Minister of War, and Admiral Bermejo,
Minister of Marine, are organizing re
enforcements r or the Philippines.
BEARS REPORTS
TO GEN. MILES
Captain Miley En Route
to Washington From
Tampa.
Result of the Meeting Between
Dorst and Cuban In
surgents.
Breaking Out of Yellow Fever at
Key West Causes Uneasiness
Among Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAMPA. Fla., May B.— Captain J. H.
Miley, senior aid de camp to Major
General Shafter, left Tampa very
quietly last night for Washington to
report to General Miles.
Captain Miley's visit to Washington
has an important bearing on the future
course of events here, as It Is said on
good authority that he bears with him
the report of Captain J. H. Dorst as to
the results of the latter's meeting last
week with General Delgado of the Cu
ban insurgents near Havana. Captain
Miley also has Lieutenant Colonel Law
ton's report on his meeting at Key
West on Friday with oflicers of the
American blockading squadron, Major
General Shafter's recommendations as
to the plan of campaign In the contem
plated Cuban invasion, and plans of
Lieutenant Colonel Ludlo*v, chief of
engineers, regarding fortifications, etc.,
at the point of landing in Cuba,
Captain Miley will return to Tampa
immediately after his mission is ac
complished. The work of preparing the
transports has been delayed a good
deal by the non-arrival of material,
and it will be Wednesday, perhaps
later, before this work is accomplished.
But outside of the delay in the prepar
ations, no American troops will be
landed on Cuban soil until the question
of superiority in the Atlantic is settled !
between Admiral Sampson's squadron j
and the Spanish fleet, and settled de
ciaively. High army officials make this j
statement.
They say it would be taking needless !
chances to send an army into Cuba be- j
fore the Spanish fleet is disposed of,
and until the meeting of the American
and Spanish fleets takes place no one |
here believes orders to move will be re
ceived.
Services were held at both the Tampa
and Port Tampa grounds to-day by the
rf-pimental chaplains. There was no
drilling and thousands of soldiers at
tended the services. The sermons in
every case were of an intensely patri
otic character.
Reports of the breaking out of yellow
fever at Key West among the prize
crew of the Argonauta have caused
some uneasiness among the soldiers
here, probably in view of the fact that
two companies of the Twenty-fifth
Regiment arrived from Key West yes
terday and are now In camp here.
Should these reports prove true it is
probable that a rigid quarantine will be
established.
CHARTERS A STEAMSHIP
TO SUCCOR AMERICANS.
United States Consul Dent to Aid Im-
periled Residents to Escape
From Cienfuegos
Copyriphted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, JAMAICA, May B.—
Upon the urgent request of the British
Consul in ■ en fuegos, Cuba, and acting
on authority from Washington, United
States Consul Dent to-day chartered
the steamer Adula of the Atlas line to
go to Cienfuegos and take away
Americans and Cubans whose lives are
in peril at the hands of an angry pop
ulace. An uprising of the most dan
gerous and destructive kind is Immi
nent in Cienfuegos. Passengers on the
Giovanni Bausan say when that vessel
left Havana people were wildly excited.
Prices of food were rising and starva
tion was imminent, and speculators
were dealing in food and supplies.
Declared Under Martial Law.
Copyrighted. ISfiS. by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May B.— La Linea, a
town just outside of Gibraltar, has been
to-day declared under martial law, and
it is said Spanish authorities will not
allow provisions of any sort to enter
from Gibraltar. Travelers just from
Spain say the international ferment is
increasing.
No Spanish Ships Sighted.
Copyrighted. ISfIS. by James Oordon BenrWt.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique, May B.—
The story sent out from here yester
day that five Spanish vessels, supposed
to be part of the Cape Verde fleet, had
been sighted off here, was found, on
investigation, to be unfounded.
REBUKED BY
PRESIDENT
McKINLET
Yellow Fakers Called
to Time for Their
Bold Work.
Neither the Chief Ex
ecutive Nor Mrs. Me-
K.inley Interviewed.
Secretary Porter Issues a State
ment Showing Their Bold
Audacity.
NO PUBLIC UTTERANCES.
Alleged Interviews Shown to Be
Untrue and Wholly Un
authorized.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON. May B.— Secretary
Porter made the following statement
to-night concerning the authenticity
of certain alleged comments by the
President on this week's war specials
of prominent newspapers:
Inquiries have been made so frequently
that it seems that some official state
ment should be made concerning them.
The quotations alluded to are bogus, not
only in text, but In substance. The Presi
dent made no such comments either to
representatives of the press or to In
dividuals. Since his inauguration he has
adhered strictly to the policy of not
talking for publication, and this will con
tinue to be the invariable rule in the fu
ture. Any other course would be In
judicious, for reasons which need not be
dwelt upon. The same applies to Mrs.
McKinley, who has several times re
cently been misquoted as having granted
authorized interviews.
The President and administration, of
course, rejoice in all the reputable suc
cesses of American journalism, of which
we have many fine specimens nowadays,
but self-laudation and exaggeration de
tract from, rather and add to the bril-
liancy of these achievements. Our papers
should prize truth not less than boldness
and push.
INVASION OF
CUBA DELAYED
Troops Not to Be Landed
for at Least a
Week.
New Plan of Campaign For
mulated by Army and
Navy Leaders.
Invading Army Will Bo in Two Divi
sions, One Commanded by
General Lee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, .'ay B.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
McKinley has decided to put off the in
vasion of Cuba for at least a week.
The plans for the movement b joint
forces of the army and navy against
Havana have be^n again changed. It
is understood the primary cause is un
certainty In respect to the movements
of the Spanish fleet. The blockading
squadron hat been greatly ,'eakened by
the departure of vessels with Admiral
Sam son, and althoug . there are still
i^Lout forty-five American ships in the
neighborhood of Cuba, tl-2 return of
Admiral Sampson with the rest of the
fleet will be awaited before attacking
the city.
Several important changes will also
be made in the r.rmy now gathered in
the vicinity of Tampa before the in
vasion of Cuban territory. The War
Department wants to feel confident
that the troops will be able to defeat
the Spaniards in one quick and de
cisive battle.
A long consultation was held yester
day by the leaders of bot:. army and
navy, and I am told that the exact
plan of campaign was finally decided
upon. General Shatter, Colonel W. H.
Lawton and Captain Dorst held a con
ference yesterday at Tampa, when the
entire Cuban situation was carefully
talked over, and plans for landing
troops d- ided upon. Captain Dorst
went into the interior of Cuba and has
made definite arrangements with Gen
eral Gomez for the co-operation of
United States and Cuban land forces.
There is a strong p r ba' lity that the
invading army will be in two divisions.
General Lee will undoubtedly command
one of these divisions, and either Gen
eral Coppinger o- General Wade the
other. The entire army will be under
command of Major General Shafter.
NO YELLOW FEVER ON
THE CRUISER NASHVILLE
KEY "WEST, May B.— Considerable in
dignation is expressed here over the
story lately sent north that there is
yellow fever on the Nashville, con
tracted from the Spanish prize Ar
gonauta. The captain and officers of
the ship as well as Commandant For
sythe of the naval ptation, brand it in
unmeasured terms as false and with
out foundation.
Interesting details are being added to
the story of the entrant^ " 'V« French
frigate Dubourdieu into Havana yester
day. It is said that after the fleet re
leased her she was seen transmitting
heliograph signals to the Cuban shore.
Neck Broken by a Fall.
BAKERSFIELD, May B.— Thomas Will
iams, a laborer, 40 years old, was found
dead this morning In the rear of a saloon
on Nineteenth street. During the night
he fell down the basement stairs and
broke his neck.
THERE IS
MORE WORK
FOR DEWEY
But He Will Not Proceed
Until the Troops
Arrive. ,
Several Forts Remain on the
Philippines Which the Fleet
Must Soon Reduce.
NEW YORK May B.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
In anticipation of the dispatch of troops
to Manila, the Commissary General of
Subsistence has directed the prepara
tion and shipment to San Francisco of
60,000 rations, sufficient to last 5000 men
four months.
The cruiser Charleston, It was defi
nitely determined by the Naval War
Board to-day, will not start for the
Philippines before next week, so that
she will act as a convoy to the troops
and supply ships.
Acting Admiral Dewey, the conqueror
of Manila, still has considerable work
to perform before the destruction of
Spanish power in the Far East is com
plete. Iloilo, capital of the Island of
Panay, which is fortified and gar
risoned by Spanish troops, remains to
be taken, and there are one or two
points in the Philippines which the
guns of his fleet will be called upon to
reduce. Confident, however, that
Spain's power in the Philippines has
been broken by the victory of Manila,
the authorities have directed Rear
Admiral Dewey t, remain with his
squadron in the harbor, where he is
now anchored, until the troops which
will be sent to his assistance reach
their destination.
As an encouragement to the officers
under Dewey's command to continue
their gallant work, I understand that
there is some talk in official circles of
the advisability of rewarding their
bravery by promoting them.
Section 1506 of the Revised Statutes
provides that "any officer of the navy
may, by the President with consent of
the Senate, be advanced not exceed
ing thirty numbers in rank, for eminent !
and conspicuous conduct in battle or
extraordinary heroism; and the rank of j
the officers shall not be changed, ex- j
cept in accordance with the provisions
of existing law and by and with the
advice and consent of the ienate."
If the President, as now seems highly
probible. takes ~d vantage of the au
thority conferred upon him b. this law
it will be possible for him immediately
to promote Captain Frank Wildes,
co ?..a».Jing the Boston, to flag rank;
to jump Captain J. U. Coghlan, com
manding the Raleigh, from No. 34 on
the list of captains to No. 4; Captain '
C. V. Gridley, commanding the Olym
pia, to No. 5, and Captain N. M.
Dyer from No. 40 to 10. There are two
officers of the grade of commander in
cornmanl of ships of the Asiatic sta
tion, Commander Asa Walker, in com
mand of the Concord, and Commander I
E. P. Wood, commanding th~ Petrel, j
Commander Wall r is now No. 40 on i
the list of officers of his grade, and if !
he should be nominated for advance
ment he -M be promoted to the tenth
point, while Commander Wood would
be. made th-"> forty-fifth officer of the
grad_ of commander, instead of the |
seventy-fifth. It is not likely that any- i
thing will be done by the President |
with reference to the officers of the
Asiatic squadron until the mail reports i
from Rear Admiral Dewey are re
ceived.
INDUCING ENLISTMENT
IN THE JNEGULAF, ARMY.
Concessions Granted to Soldiers
Whose Term of Service
Has Expired.
WASHINGTON, May B.— Secretary
Alger has in preparation a letter to j
General Brooke, commanding the regi
menta mobilized at Chickamauga, in '
which he says that soldiers re-enlisting
in the regular army during the war :
may be informed that they will be !
granted their discharges, if desired, at j
the close of the war. upon their individ- !
ual application. This action was taken !
because of the news which has come
from Chickamauga that very few of '
the men whose services are expiring !
are re-enlisting because they express a \
preference for the volunteer service.
HELENA, Mont.. May B.— Eleven i
companies of volunteers are in camp j
here. The twelfth company will be on I
ADVEBTISEMENT".
+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■•
tIT GIVES SNAP,
Restores the Old Energy— Checks All Waste
— Renews Confidence — Brightens the Eye
— Makes Strong Manhood.
Electricity is a great strengthener of vital
nerve power. The life of the nerves is Electricity,
and when they are weak that is what they lack.
Nothing restores it so quickly as
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It makes the blood Jump in the veins, and
the fire of youth bubbles forth from its life-in-
fusing currents. The old, flabby nerves are
awakened and age is forgotten in the presence of the new-born energy.
Men, don't be weak. Get back your old vigor. Try this wonderful belt.
It will renew your youth. Read Dr. Sanden's famous book,
"Three Classes of Men."
It Is worth $1000 to any man or woman who is weak. Will be sent,
closely sealed, without marks, free. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * *
632 Market Street. San Francisco. IMPORTANT
NOTE — Makp no mistake in the number- "NTOTTPV
632 MARKET STREET. JSIUIIC.d.
Office hours, Ba,m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 Dr. Sanden's offices
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204V4 will move to 702 Market
South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing- s t . cor Gearv May 12-
ton street; Denver, Colo. 931 Sixteenth street; ' " '
Dallas, Tex., 255 Main Etreet. ♦ ♦
I hand to-morrow. The work of making
trained soldiers of the recruits is being
pushed rapidly. No intimation has been
received as to where the Montana
troops will be sent.
BOSTON, May B.— Governor "Walcott
to-day received a telegram from Adju
tant General Corbin announcing the In
tention of the War Department to order
the regiment of Massachusetts Infantry
to Chickamauga preparatory to going
to Cuba.
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. May B.—
Governor Atkinson received a telegram
to-day from Secretary of "War Alger
stating that the West Virginia regi
ment, as soon as it was recruited and
mustered into service, would be ordered
to Chickamauga. The Governor replied
to the Secretary that the regiment
would be ready next Thursday.
DULUTH, Minn.. May B.— Late this
afternoon Captain Swiger, U. S. A.,
formally mustered in the United States
service the officers and men of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Regiment, making
two regiments of men now ready for
service. The third will be mustered in
Monday.
- — ■ — ♦
ORDERED TO PROVIDE FOR
FORTY THOUSAND TROOPS
- :
Governor of San Juan de Porto Rico
Instructed to Lay in Supplies
for an Army.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, May B.—
The dispatch boat Dauntless has ar
| rived here. According to advices from
| Martinique the Spanish fleet has not
been sighted off the island.
The Governor of San Juan de Porto
Rico recently received orders from
Madrid to provide rations for 40,000
troops. He asked the time of their ar
rival and got the reply:
"Movements of the Spanish fleet are
kept strictly secret. Tour question can
not be answered. Be prepared."
It is reported that five Spanish war
ships were seen off St. Thomas on
Thursday, but they were probably only
gunboats from San Juan de Porto Rico,
scouting.
»_
NUNEZ ARRIVES WITH
DISPATCHES_FROM GOMEZ
Cuban Leader Sends Information Re
garding His Army and That
of the Spaniards.
NEW YORK, May B.— A Brunswick
(Ga.) specie: to the Herald says: Gen
eral Nunez left Key West yesterday
morning, passed through Tampa last
night, and was in Waycross to-day, en
route to Washington with Important
messages from General Gomez. These
messages Lear direct relation to the
army of invasion, and practically out
line the situation in Curia, as relates to
the army under General Gomez, the
most effective place for conferences
and meetings between the officers of
the insurgents and those of the United
States army, and details as to the Span
ish army's condition at t dlfferen
points in Cuba. General Nunez will
carry back from Washington such ans
wer and instructions as It is desired to
send to Gomez, and then return immed
iately to Tampa. General Nunez will
assume command of his wing of the In
surgent ar 'v in Florida and await the
movement of invasion which the regu
lors will make jointly with the Cubans
under Nunez and Lacret.
This in substance is the result of an
investigation I made at Waycross to
day, when General Nunez appeared on
the car platf^r::i en route to Washing
ton. _^ . ■ ;
•
Turned Back by High Seas.
OLD POINT COMFORT. Va., May 8.
— The day here was miserable, cold and
rainy, and nothing of very great inter
est transpired. The Vesuvius went out
early in the day, bound for Key West,
to join the blockading squadron, but
returned to anchor at 7 p. m. on ac
count of heavy weather. The Suwanee
will go out to-night for the same port.
Neither the St. Paul nor the New Or
leans has arrived. The latter is ex
pected here in the morning.
34
REVOLUTION IS THREATENED IN ITALY
ITALIAN
RIOT ENDS
IN BATTLE
Four Hundred Persons
Killed and a Thou=
sand Injured.
Desperate Conflict Between a
Mob and Troops on the
Streets of Milan.
LUGANO, Switzerland, May B.— lt
has been a terrible day at Milan. About
1 o'clock this afternoon a veritable
battle occurred In the Via Somtrairi.
' Thousands of tile and chimneys were
hurled from the roofs upon the troops,
who were compelled to retire.
A similar fight took place in the Via
Torino, and it is believed that no fewer
than 400 were killed and 1000 injured.
A Swiss merchant who has arrived
hare from Milan describes the events of
Saturday as completely anarchistical.
According: to his account, the leaders of
the agitation evidently had well ar
ranged plans. Columns of rioters
emerged from all the gates of the town
and congregated on a center, where
they rapidly constructed barricades.
When they were dislodged by _ the
troops they mounted to the roofs and
rained tiles and chimneys down upon
the soldiers.
The gates of the town were held by
troops in the evening and through the
night, so that workmen employed out
side were unable to return to their
homes. In this way the rising was de
prived of additional help from without.
During the night the city was in
complete darkness and funereal silence.
Artillery, cavalry and Infantry bivou
acked on the Piazza del Duoma. where
re-enforcements were constantly arriv-
Ing.
Late news this evening from Milan
says the Secolo has been seized and its
editor arrested. The postal telegTaph
offices have been closed and all dis
patches of mail stopped. The public
buildings are guarded and artillery has
been placed in position on the Piazza
del Duomo. Many fugitives from Mi
lan have crossed the frontier into the
canton of Tlcino. and to Fontana,
among them being the editor of the
Italia, del Popolo, the incriminated Re
publican paper, who eluded the police.
Eight thousand troops are quartered in
the city.
ROME, May B.— Another portion of
the 1873 reserves and a portion of the
reserves of 1874 have been iered to be
under arms by Tuesday. The city is
now quiet.
ROME, May B.— The Government's
dispatches received up to 6 p.
m- Bay tranquility prevails through
out the kingdom. At Milan the
rioters at the Porta Ticinez have
been completely suppressed; re
enforcements continue to reach the city
and many arrests have been made, but
General Tama has ordered all the fac
tories to reopen to-morrow.
Other dispatches from Milan report,
on the contrary, the erection of a fresh
barricade by riotous mobs in the Via
Bertani at the Porta Ticinez and the
Porta Garibaldi. According to these
accounts the troops are compelled to
use arms to disperse the rioters, and a
lieutenant and several soldiers were
grounded.
Generally speaking, the agitation con
tinues, but it is less intense. The au
thorities have ordered all Socialist and
Republican clubs to dissolve. There is
a rumor current that the rioters have
driven back a train under the impres
pion that It was conveying soldiers.
Lieutenant General Bava Beccaris,
Commanding the Third Army Corps
<Milan), telegraphed the Marquis di
Ttudlni, the Premier, this evening,
Baying:
"The revolt In Milan has been sup
pressed and all resistance is now
ended."
LONDON. May B.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily News says:
Lieutenant - General Bava - Beccaris
wired from Milan at 6 o'clock this even-
Ing (Sunday):
"After new and serious attempts, the
rebellion has been quelled by fusillades
and cannonades and perfect calm has
been restored. I have ordered the
Shops and manufactories to be opened
to-morrow."
Later he telegraphed: "Unfortunately
fresh attemots at rebellion have been
made, and he cannons are still roaring,
but It will soon be over."
Court-martial will be constituted at
Milan to-morrow (Monday) to judge
the rioters arrested. I learn that the
rioters of yesterday thrice unsuccess
fully attacked the general telegraph
office at Milan with a view of cutting
off the city when all other expedients
failed. General Bava-Beccaris used
cannon to destroy the barricades, and a
number (about 100) were killed on
Saturday.
The Government has established the
severest censorship in revising and
stopping all dispatches containing what
it considers danperous matter. I learn,
however, that the rioters at Milan suc
ceeded to-day (Sunday) in occupying
the central station and delaying the
departure of reveral trains.
General Bava-Beccaris now ha.» su
preme power. No praise couM be too
high for the discipline, endurance ami
jat'ence ol the soldie s under the most
trying conditions. Not ona moved a
finger until the command was given,
eltboufeh almost all were Injurod Oy
flying missiles, some bleed.y badly.
Soon the fight from the Core:> Vcnezla
spiead all over the center of the town
to the Piazza del Duomo, the Via Ter
rino, the Via Carlo Alberto and the Via
Ordfld were centers of riot. Oaa oaemed
to hare returned to the famous days
of 1848, with the rattle of caval.-/, the
incessant cracking of rifles, thJ dis
cordant cries and words of command
and the bugle signals. Full particulars
are not known as they are not allowed
to pass, but surprising was the quick
ness with which the barricades were
formed in popular quarters, especially
on the bridges over the canals. Carts,
carriages and street cars were over
turned and piled up with furniture
from the adjacent buildings, to the
noisy joy of the crowd.
Distressing scenes occurred all over
the city — wives searching for husbands
and mothers for sons, with explosions
of grief after vain search or when find
ing them wounded or dead. In the pop
uiar quarters the mob resisted until
nightfall.
It is said that no such serious oc
! currence has taken place before in
Italy. The events have even surpassed
i the terrible riots in Turin, when the
! capital was transferred to Florence.
: General Bava-Beccaris showed how he
felt his responsibility and acted
promptly, firmly and energetically. In
fact, before night the troops had de
' stroyed all the barricades and were
, camping in the streets and squares. No
part of the city was without its com
plement of troo"ps. while from the sur
rounding provinces re-enforc;ments
were sent in immense numbers, wlost
iof the English and American people
i left Florence on account of the riots.
FORTY THO'^AND MEN
WILL BE MOBILIZED.
Chickaxnauga Troops May See Service
as Soon as They Are
Mustered In.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL
PARK, Ga., May 8. — It was given out
officially to-day that 40,000 of the volun
teer army will be mobilized just as soon
as they have been mustered into the
Government service. With the ten reg
iments of regulars now here filled to
war strength, the army at this point
will number 50,000. It was also an
nounced that Major General Fitzhugh
Lee, Major General Joe Wheeler and
Major General James H. Wilson would
be in command, the purpose being to
form the volunteer men into three
army corps.
The following recently appointed
Brigadier Generals, ex-colonels of the
regular army, have been assigned to
the volunteer army here: A. S. Burke,
late of the Twenty-fifth Infantry; Gen
eral Sumner, late Colonel of the Third
Cavalry; General Snyder, Colonel of
the Ninth Infantry. Other assignments
can be expected at any moment.
The first installment of equipments
for recruits arrived to-day and was
distributed. Recruits are now com
ing in rapidly. One hundred reached
here to-day, and information from re
cruiting officers is to the effect that all
the recruits required will be obtained
in a comparatively short time.
It has been decided to locate the camp
of the volunteer army on the west side
of Lafayette Road, near Chickamauga
Creek, and a force of men has been at
work preparing the ground and get
ting it ready for occupancy. The rail
road company will begin to-morrow
putting in an additional spar and erect
ing additional depots for handling of
recruits and their equipage.
VOLUNTEERS ARE COMING
FROM SOUTH DAKOTA.
First Begiment Reported to Have
Been Ordered to the Philippine
Islands.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., May 9.—Ad
vices have been received here from a
railroad official that the Government
has decided to send the First Regiment
of South Daktoa Volunteers to the
Philippine Islands, and that transpor
tation arrangements have been made
from Sioux Falls to San Francisco, via
the Northwestern and Northern Pa
cific Railroads. The trooi -. are to em
bark on the steamship City of Peking
and leave her as soon as they can be
mustered in. Only 50 per cent, of the
State Guards Lave thus far passed
the examination, and it wi.. require an
other week to get the regiment ready
to move.
PROTECTORATE OVER
THE PHILIPPINES
Spanish Administration May Be Re
tained Under Control of Com
modore Dewey.
HONGKONG, May B.— The United
States gunboat McCulloch which ar
rived here on Friday with a dispatch
from Commodore Dewey officially an
nouncing his great victory over the
Spanish fleet left here at 3 o'clock this
afternoon, Greenwich time, on its re
turn to Manila after, it is understood,
having received many urgent dis
patches from Washington. But It is
believed the McCulloch will first go to
Mirs Bay to await there final instruc
tions for Admiral Dewey as to how he
is to deal with the Philippine Islands.
According to reports current here the
American Admiral will Insist by force
If neceßsary upon the Spaniards ac
cepting at leaet a temporary protecto
rate of the United States, the desire be
lngr, it is alleged, to avoid disturbing
■ "... . . . -. ■ ■.--.■- . - .. . ■ ' ■ . ■ . ■■
THE SAX FRAKCISCO GAIjIj, MONDAY, M^Y 9, 1898.
SONOMA'S MEMORIAL CHURCH
Methodism Gains a Model House of Worship Through
One Man's Generosity,
SONOMA, May B.— Rev. Owen E. Holte, pastor of the Memorial M. E.
Church, preached an interesting sermon in the new edifice to-day. The
church was dedicated on Sunday last with appropriate services.
This is one of the early churches of California, having been built In
1853. It was removed and rebuilt in 1893, and in December, 1897, the contract
was let for additions and for remodeling the entire structure. This work
has been done through the generosity of Mr. James McMakin. Mr. Mc-
Makin is one of the very early settlers of Sonoma Valley, and haa been
prominent in its history and as a business man in San Francisco as well
during the past fifty years.
This beautiful church is a fitting tribute to his character and to that of
his deceased wife, who will long be remembered in the valley for her charit
able life.
Mr. and Mrs. Merriam gave the church a $500 organ, and Mrs. Merriam,
the daughter of Mr. McMakin, has put in two very handsome memorial
windows in memory of her father and mother. Several other expensive art
glass windows have been put in; one for Judge Shattuck and one for
Judge Ackers.
the present administration, as the in
surgents of the Philippines are quite
unfit to participate in their Govern
ment. It is believed here if the Span
iards do not meet the views of Wash
ington in the matter then Dewey will
take prompt steps to administer the
islands for the United States as soon as
he receiver, the necessary troops and
supplies from San Francisco.
ACT OF TREACHERY
QUICKLY AVENGED-
Spanish Ship Sunk With All on Board
for Opening Fire After Hav
ing Surrendered.
LONDON, May 9.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail gives
the following additional details of the
battle of Manila.
"There was an act of treachery on
the part of the Spanish ship which
lowered her flag and then fired at a
boat's crew sent to take possession of
her. She did not hit the boat, but our
guns were turned on her and tore her
to pieces. She went to the bottom with
all on board. Several vessels close in
shore behaved in the same way and
shared her fate."
FAKE STORY OF A
BATTLE AT SEA
Cruiser Montgomery Had No Engage
ment With a Spanish
Ship of War.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HATTIEN, May B.— The story
sent out from here earlier In the day to
the effect that the United States cruiser
Montgomery had been in an engage
ment with a S-anish cruiser is abso
lutely untrue.
There are many rumors about the
nearness of the Spanish fleet, but no re
liable information is obtainable.
Troops Ordered to Wrangel.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS, Wash.,
May 8. — General Merriam, commander
of the Department of the Columbia, to
day issued an order directing Captain
Bogardus Eldridge, Fourteenth Infan
try, stationed at Skaguay, Alaska, ' to
proceed with one company of infarjry
to Fort Wrangel. This order is occa
sioned by reports of wholesale robber
ies and hold-ups by thugs and gam
blers.
Spanish Steamships Sail.
ST. THOMAS, Danish West Indies,
May 8. — The Spanish steamers Rita and
Paulina have soought refuge here. They
had on board general cargoes intended
for Porto Rico. Later they cleared for
sea and went westward. The Spanish
steamer Alfonso XIII. is reported to
have arrived at San Juan de Porto
Rico.
Joins the Flying Squadron.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., May B.— The
new cruiser New Orleans joined the
flying squadron at Old Point Comfort
shortly after 7 o'clock this evening. It
is expected that the New Orleans will
coal here, and while her bunkers are
being replenished she will receive her
coat of paint.
Channel Squadron Sails.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May B.— The British
channel squadron sailed yesterday. It
is reported one ship goes to Malaga,
one or two to the Canary Islands, three
to Sierra Leone and the others to Arosa
Bay.
The Cincinnati All Bight.
KEY WEST. May B.— There is no
foundation for Captain - General
Blanco's dispatch to Madrid as to the
United States cruiser Cincinnati. She
has been I^'ing here several days and
nothing is wrong with her.
Gunboat Wheeling Returns.
SEATTLE, Wash., May B.— The gun
boat Wheeling returned here to-day
from Cooks Inlet, Alaska. She will
await orders.
Cruising About Gibraltar.
GIBRALTAR, May B.— All day long
the oonverted steel yacht Giralda has
been cruising in the Strats of Gibraltar
with a large torpedo boat. The Span
ish steamer Pielago, now converted into
a cruiser, is stationed at Algeciras.
PRAISE FOR THE HERALD
AND CALL SERVICE
Only Accurate Description of the
Great Battle Was Written by
Their Correspondents.
NEW YORK, May B.— The Herald to
morrow will say: "The graphic ac
count of the battle of Manila, which the
Herald published yesterday from its
special correspondent, who stood beside
Commodore Dewey on the bridge of the
flagship Olympia during the entire en
gagement, is followed this morning by
another important dispatch cabled by
our correspondent from Hongkong,
and giving additional details, which
will be read everywhere with absorbing
interest. It is a most timely sequel to
the unparalleled dispatch which the
Herald printed yesterday, and which
gave to the public of two hemispheres
the only full, detailed and accurate de
scription published of the great naval
battle written by an eye-witness in the
thick of the fight.
"That this is the verdict of the press,
as well as of naval experts and the gen
eral public, is shown by the i inions <. !
newspapers from the Atlantic sea
board to the Pacific Coast, which were
printed this morning. Thus the New
Orleans Picayune pronounces it as the
'only complete account received by any
American newspaper,' while the Chi
cago Times - Herald says that
compared with this report all others
published by our contemporaries were
insignificant and incomplete and made
up in padding what they lacked in
facts.'
"The San Francisco Call speaks In
the same enthusiastic strain. 'Thug
another triumph,' it declares, 'has been
achieved by the Herald's news service,
which, for the purpose of gathering and
disseminating news of the war with
Spain is now without a competitor wor
thy of being called a rival.' To which
the St. Louis Republic aptly adds: 'It
was natural that Commodore Dewey
should cable his appreciation to the
Herald.' "
TRAIN PLUNGES DOWN
A STEEP EMBAVKMENT.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May B.— By the ac
cidental turning of a switch here this af
ternoon an excursion train from the Ak
ron road was wrecked, three cars shat
tered and one man, Rizen Fry of Louis
ville, Ohio, killed and two others were
injured.
The train had come in from the east
and the south in the morning; with visit
ors to Camp Bushnell, in this city, and
was one of thirty-seven trains which
came in as specials during the day. It
had seventeen cars packed to the guard.
As the engine left the track it plowed
down a steep embankment and turned
over In a ditch. The engineer and fire
man escaped with slight injury by
jumping.
As the engine rolled over it pulled with
it three of the cars, which were com
pletely destroyed. The first was turned
on its side in the ditch and the frightened
passengers were pinned to their seats, af
ter having been given considerable shak
ing. The second car landed against a
freight on the side track ar.d was split
open, while the third car was torn from
its trucks. When the concussion oc
curred Rizen Fry was standing on the
back platform of the first car. Constans
Hoeffler and Fred Bickerhoff of Louis
ville was painfully bruised. Several
others were slightly scratched.
TWO THOUSAND PEOPLE
LOSE THEIR DWELLINGS
DULUTH, Minn., May : Fifty frame
buildings in Minnesota Point, just above
the ! ship canal, were burned this • after
noon. An hour after the fire started 2000
people were homelss. The fire took twelve
frame store buildings fronting. on lower
Lake avenue, just below the "Under the
Hill", district, and swept from there back
to the lake shore. The district was popu
lated by the poorest people in the city. ,
• There was no particularly large individ
ual losses. The total is .. thought to be
over $100,000. Among the sufferers were
fifty : families of Jews/members of a col
ony, who were at a mass meeting praying
for the success of the American army in
the war with ' Spain. - There were ; narrow
escapes from death, but it is believed that
, everybody, was rescued.
SAN JOAQUIN
BOYS OFF TO
THE FRONT
At Stockton Ten Thousand
People Cheer as They
Depart.
Great Demonstrations Through
out the Valley in Honor of
the Volunteers,
STOCKTON, May B.— Sunday in the
San Joaquln Valley la usually a day of
rest and worship. To-day the church
bells, which In peace call to divine ser
vice, rang out an adieu to the soldier
boys of the Sixth Regiment on the way
to do or die at their country's call.
Through the valley, from Fresno thun
dered a train over the Valley Road, on
its sides the inscription, "Remember
the Maine." At every station bells
were rung and ovations given thd boys
aboard. Eight coaches were filled with
the full companies of visalia, Fresno
and Merced.
An hour before their arrival here
Companies A and B of Stockton, with
regimental officers, the Grand Army
post, school children and county of
ficials moved on foot alon~ Jalifornia
street headed by a band. Church bells
joined in the acclaim, and when the
train arrived anvils and whistles
greeted the country boys. The 500 men
were reviewed by officers before the
line of march was taken up to the wa
ter front.
Ten thousand people greeted the
soldiers and their escorts when Main
street was reached. Truly, it was a
warlike scene. It was with difficulty
that the police cleared the streets for
the troops to pass. Flowers and cheer
ful good-byes were showered upon the
men.
At the water front where the boat
was waiting, the people were massed
for blocks, and there final good-byes
were said. The scenes at the parting
were pathetic in some cases and cheer
ful in others. Where one woman
fainted another was seen to give her
husband an approving tap on the
shoulder and an encouraging word.
This caught the spirit of the crowd
and the cheers which greeted the wo
man's pluck, drowned the strains of
"Yankee Doodle" with which the band
was inspiring the crowd.
Once on the boct the troops were ad
dressed by local orators, and the cap
tain blew his whistle in vain for all but
the passengers to leave. The volun
teers were cheered by the vast throngs
on the wharves and the echo came back
in thunderous volume. At 8 o'clock the
boat got under way and music and guns
gave a final eend-off. The boys
swarmed on the decks and handker
chief signals were waved until the boat
disappeared in the darkness of the
channel. t
The boat with its 500 recruits will
make slow time to-night, and, it is cal
culated, will arrive at San Francisco
at about 6 o'clock in the morning.
FRESNO, May B.— Company C, N. G.
C, which left by the Valley road at 2
o'clock this afternoon, to be mustered
into regular service, was given a fare
well demonstration which surpassed
any public celebration ever held in
Fresno. Thousands of people were in
the city from neighboring towns. Flags
were everywhere to be seen, stirring
music filled the air, and the boys in
blue were cheered all along the line to
the depot. Martha Lodge, A. O. U. W.,
gave a farewell luncheon in the armory,
and at the depot General Kittrell made
a ringing speech to the departing
guardsmen. The whole crowd gathered
at the station to witness the leave-tak-
ing.
Company C was escorted to the train
by Company F, the only company in
the Sixth Regiment not called out, and
the boys seemed very much disappoint
ed at having been slighted. The Hun
dred Thousand Club and Union, and
Confederate Veterans were in line. At
the station little children pinned bou
tonnieres on the breasts of the soldier
boys. When the train pulled out there
was vociferous and prolonged cheering,
waving of handkerchiefs and shedding
of tears by loved ones left behind. The
Visalia and Bakersfield companies were
on the train and they were given a
rousing reception.
Company F marched back to the ar
mory, looking dejected at being left
at home. It is said Governor Budd did
not call out Company F because its re
port was not satisfactorily made out.
The company is one of the best in the
regiment and to-morrow the field offi
cers of the regiment will have a per
sonal interview with the Governor to
try to induce him to complete the regi
ment by sending for Company F.
VSALIA, May 8. — Thousands of peo
ple from all over the country collected
here to-day to give Company E a rous
ing reception and escort it to the Val
ley road depot on its way to San Fran
cisco to be mustered into the service.
Ninety-three officers and men compose
the company that started at noon for
Stockton under Captain Stewart, who
has given up his position In the United
States Land Office here to lead his men
to war.
Never was there more patriotism dis
played than over this departure of the
home guard. The citizens turned out
en masse. Lodges, fire companies, old
soldiers and city officials joined the
parade that escorted the boys to the
train. One notable feature of the par
ade was the mar hing side by side of
Union and Confederate veterans.
School children by hundreds marched
with flagrs and flowers. Tulare sent
over its band and a train-load of peo
ple to assist in the demonstration. The
Valley road train was decorated with
flags and buntii , and on each Bide
of the car containing most of the
guards was a banner on which was
painted in large letters "Remember the
Maine."
BAKERSFIELD, May B.— Company
G, Sixth Regiment, Jnety-two strong,
departed at 7:30 this morning for San
Francisco. It marched to the depot
shortly after 5 o clock, led by two brass
bands and folio r ed by hundreds of
people, the crow increasing to sev
eral thousands before the departure of
the company. All came to oi2er a fond
farewell to soldier friends and rela
tives. It was difficult to tell which was
most plentiful, tears or flowers. Each
soldier was loaded down with floral to
kens.
The Impressive scene was climaxed
by the formal presentation to the com
pany of a most beautiful silken ban
ner by the ladles of Bakersfield. Hon.
T. TV. I ckhart made the presentation
speech, and so thrilling was his elo
quence that there was hardly a dry
eye in the great throng. Captain Cook
responded, and, while he lays no claim
to being a speaker, the crowd ap
plauded wildly every sentence he ut
tered.
The coaches in which the company
rode were beautifully decorated with
flowers and the national colors. As
the train pulled out, the boys waved
their caps from the windows, which
called forth a mighty yell from the
crowd.
AUBURN, May 8. — Dewey's great
naval victory was celebrated here last
night by the booming of cannon and
other displays of patriotic enthusiasm.
Edward Lochre, wwhilew T hile handling a giant
cap, was quite badly injured, and may
lose an eye.
SACRAMENTO, May B.— Company E.
Second Regiment, N. G. C, left for San
Francisco at 2 o'clock this afternoon to
enter the volunteer service of the Unit
ed States. Probably 10,000 people turned
out to see the boys off, and a continu
ous demonstration was conducted along
the line of march. The city officials,
led by Mayor Land, marched in the pa
rade, as did also the local military or
ganizations and the Grand Army posts.
INFANTRY AND
ARTILLERY.
One of the pleasing incidents in connec
tion with the arrival of Company E, Sec
ond Infantry, and Battery B, Heavy Ar
tillery, from Sacramento last night was
the expression of patriotism shown by
the Servian Benevolent Society, who met
the troops at the ferry as the society
was returning- from a picnic and barbecue
held at Sausalito.
The society, accompanied by a brass
band, escorted the troops to their quar
ters, corner of Tenth and Market streets,
where the honors of a passing salute
were tendered. Company E was later
transferred to the armory, corner of Page
and Gough streets, where the two com
panies from the Sixth Infantry also are
quartered.
All of the infantry have been amply
provided with blankets and are reason
ably well cared for, having no complaint
to make of their treatment after arriv
ing here. Battery B, however, did not
fare so well and the men have already
commenced to realize the rigors o.* a
soldier's life in the service of his country.
They complain of a scarcity of blankets
and many of them will be able, hereafter,
to tell the difference between a nice soft
bed and the soft side of a hard board
from practical experience.
The officers and men of Company E,
Second Infantry, Sacramento, are:
Captain John F. Lucey, First Lieutenant J.
A. McMartln. Second Lieutenant J. L. Hughes,
First Sergeant W. D. Bessey; Sergeants George
Francis, J. Alexander, J. W. Gray; Corporals
W. C. Measure, Alfred Snyder, W. L. Thomp
son, J. F. Sherburn, J. M. Milliken. R. Fair
chlld, J. T. Mulligan: Privates Adams, Addl
son, Barfoot, Bilderback, Borchart, Burns,
Bennett, Barney, Baur,' Bryce, Casey, Coe,
Craine, Craver, Crowiey. Connor, Clark. Cook,
Conrad, Dixon, Dunton, Denton, Davenport,
I>avis, Faulkner, Fisher, Fricke. Gunter, Gos
lin, Gwlnn. Gray, Hancock, Hilderbrand, Hor
igan, Hapeman. Ho&ge. Johnson. Jones. Kies,
Kellogg, Korell. Litzenberg, Leslie, Teal, Lu
cey, Lakin. Merle, Martin, Miller, Moynahan,
Mulligan, Monroe, Mayberry, McNairn, Moon,
Moore, Olea. O'Brien, Oschner, Pollard, H. F.
Smith, W. O. Smith, Steigler, Redmond, Ryan,
Strachan, Schultz. Storror, Scott, Temple,
Tibbals, Thompson, Torpey, Thomas, Wenzel,
White, Woodman, Word, Zink, Zumwalt.
Sergeant Joseph Blair is sick, and if he
is not confined to his home in Sacra
mento his place will be reserved for him.
The company left Sacramento Sunday
at 2 p. m. and were given a grand send
off by the citizens of the capital city
They are grateful to Lieutenant Cloman
of the United States army for his treat
ment of them on their arrival here.
E was the only company of the Second
Infantry selected. It, with seven com
panies of the Sixth Infantry, will com
pose the battalion of infantry made up
outside of San Francisco.
The other arrivals were Battery C,
heavy artillery, of Sacramento, Captain
John Cooke, First Lieutenant S. W. Kav
Second Lieutenants C. B. Strong and 6'
J. Boden, and 146 men; Company G. Sixth
Infantry, Bakersfleld, Captain W. H
Cook, First Lieutenant H. A. Blodgett
Second Lieutenant F. A. Munzer and
90 men; Company D, Sixth Infantry
Modesto, Captain D. W. Morris First
Lieutenant George Frates, Second Lieu
tenant L. W, Walthall, and 94 men.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EUROPE HAS TROUBLES
ENOUGH OF HER OWN,
washing her soiled linen, without In-
terfering in our little scrap. You will
find you have troubles enough of your
own, too, if you take your soiled linen to a
poor laundry. Be on the safe side and
bring it here, where we take special
; pains to render it beautiful in color
and perfect In finiah.
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420,
SACRAMENTO'S
BIG BLAZE
New Metropolitan Thea
ter Now a Mass of
Ruins.
Practically Nothing of Value
Saved From the Destroy
ing Element.
Burned Structure Wat Valued at
$70,000, and Insured for
$28,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May B.— An alarm
was sounded shortly after midnight
last night for one of the most disas
trous fires ever known in Sacramento.
A few minutes before the alarm a
mighty volume of flame shot up
through the roof of the new Metropoli
tan Theater and half the city was Illu
minated by magnificent blaze.
There were a hundred people on Fifth
street, between J and X, before the fire
bell sounded, and that number had been
multiplied by five before the engines
came thundering along.
The Metropolitan Theater is a com
plete wreck. Although a double line of
hose was run through the X street en
trance and into the auditorium, nothing
was saved. The handsome interior is
a mass of ruins. The gallery fell and
the water that wan driven by the en
gines had no perceptible effect In stem
ming the blaze. The fine auditorium 13
a scene of desolation.
W. K. Cothrin, a nephew and agent
for Mrs. Foye, owner of the Metropoli
tan Theater property, said the building
was insured for $28,000. and that it was
held by its owner to be worth $70,000.
2vlr. Cothrin was wholly in the dark as
to the origin of the blaze.
French Press Chagrined.
LONDON, May 9.— According to a dis
patch from Paris Commodore Dewey's
dispatches and the completeness of the
American victory have greatly chagrined
the French press, which has been assur
ing France that the Americans were
locked up in Manila Bay. The Russian
papers are full of criticisms of the Span
ish fighting. They accuse the Spaniards
of losing the arsenal at Cavite through
cowardice.
Chnia's Neutrality.
Lu..^ON, May 9. — A dispatch from
Shanghai announces that the Govern
ment has issued a proclamation of neu
trality In the war between the United
States and Spain.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STKONG STATEMENTS.
Three Women Relieved of Female
Troubles by Mrs. Pinkliam. >J
. i •:■ l .
From Mrs. A. "W. Smith, 59 Summer
St., Biddeford, Me.:
"For several years I suffered with
various diseases peculiar to my sex.
Was troubled with a burning sensation
across the small of my back, that all-
gone feeling, was despondent, fretful
and discouraged; the least exertion
tired me. I tried several doctors but
received little benefit. At last I de-
cided to give your Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound a trial. The ef-
fect of the first bottle was magical.
Those symptoms of weakness that I
was afflicted with, vanished like vapor
before the sun. I cannot speak too
highly of your valuable remedy. It is
truly a boon to woman."
From Mrs. Melissa Phillips, Lex-
ington, Ind., to Mrs. Pinkham:
"Before I began taking your medicine
I had suffered for two years with that
tired feeling, headache, backache, no ap-
petite, and a run-down condition of the
system, I could not walk across the
room. I have taken four bottles of the
Vegetable Compound, one box of Liver
Pills and used one package of Sanative
Wash, andnowf«el like a new woman,
and am able to do my work.
From Mrs. Mollie E. Herkel, Pow-
ell Station, Term.:
'For three years I suffered with such a
weakness of the back, I could not
perform my household duties. I also
had falling of the womb, terrible bear-
ing-down pains and headache. I have
taken two bottles of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and feel
like a new woman. I recommend your |
medicine to every woman I know."
-'
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
AT WHICH A HORMAL-EYE SHOULD CLEARLY
DISTINGUISH letter* M aH iHcH loHg.,
CALL and HAVE V°UR EYES TESTED
•*& -. F R EC <f CHARGE . -»}?-.^
642 MARKET St.
UHDfcR OKRPMICLE BUILDING.
I when " unwell," . for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. __,
I r Recommended by the leading: French
1 Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
I ; rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
I drugs. One bottlo of Apioline Capsules
i lasts three month*. • Sold by all druggists,
| or by mail, $i. Box aoBx, N.Y. Post Office.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la ; a powerful aphrodisiac and »p-<-'lUo tonto
for the sexual , and . urinary organs of both
sexes, 'and a. great remedy tor diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder, A (Treat Restoratlva,
Invlf orator and Nervine. : Bella on Its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary,
-_ NABER. ALFS & URUNE. Agent*,
iS3 - Market Street, 6, F.— (Send, for Circulars ,THOUSANDS VISIT
THE BOYS IN BLUE
Volunteer Troops at the Presidio Receive
Their Friends.
Friendly Interest Manifested by the Regulars— More Soldiers
Arrive From the Interior.
The camps of the First and Seventh
Regiments of Volunteers was the
Mecca toward which San Francisco
turned yesterday, and from early morn-
Ing until retreat sounded and camp
was closed at night, civilians of all
ages and both sexes paid homage to the
brave boys In blue.
During the morning hours the guards
endeavored to keep the sightseers
without the regimental lines, but so
many had journeyed out to see friends
and relatives in the ranks, that finally
Colonels Smith and Berry concluded to
relax discipline somewhat and allow
their men to receive their friends. The
result was that everybody on the res
ervation flocked Into the company
streets and the men found that Sun
day afforded them but little chance to
rest.
The members of the two regiments
early begun to fraternize, and the most
cordial relations soon existed. They
exchanged visits, discussing the
chances of being called in -^ active ser
vice, and speculatinr on which regi
ment would be the first to start for
Manila. The regulars, too, found much
Sunday Scenes at the Camp on the Presidio
Plains.
to interest them at the camp, and those !
who were nut on guard duty spent
most of the day with the volunteers.
They were heartily welcomed, and or- |
dera were issued allowing them to come j
and go whenever they saw tit.
The youngsters were anxious to profit
by the experience of the regulars, who
gave them much valuable advice re- j
gardlng camp life. They took the
volunteers in hand, taught them how j
ild their blankets recording to ;
regulations, open up the tents and in
numerable other little things the men
must learn, and when once learned add
materially to their comfort and wel
fare.
During the forenoon Generals Dickin-
Bon and Barrett, Colonel Burgin of the ;
Governor's staff. Colonels Macdonald, ;
Miles, duff, Stanley and Barrere and j
Major Duhrmann of the National
Quard called upon Colonels Smith and ,
Berry at their headquarters, and later i
in the day Colonel Miller, Third Ar- j
tillery, accompanied by Lieutenants
Barol and Woodward, Lieutenant '.
•1 MorrißS, Fourth Cavalry, with
Lieutenant Nolan* rode over from the
barracks and paid their respects to the
officers of the two regiment. Captain
Baldwin of the Commissary Depart- !
ment also visited the camp and dis
cussed the problem of feeding the men
and the officers.
Thus the good feeling between reg
ulars and volunteers — officers and
men — which began on aturday," was j
more firmly established. The regular!
officers are loud in their praise of the
personnel of the two regiments, and do
not hesitate to say that the officers
field, staff and line — are most efficient, i
They recognize the fact that with so i
recruits who have absolutely no !
knowledge of military duties or discip- i
line, the volunteer officers have a hard j
task before them in converting the raw
material into perfect lighting ma
chines, but they are satisfied that they
are fully equal to the task.
On the other hand Colonels Smith
and Berry, and their subordinate offi
cers, keenly appreciate the good will
manifested toward them by the regu
lar officers, and thank their good for
tune In being quartered so close to the
Third Artillery and Fourth Cavalry.
They are particularly indebted to Cap
tain Carrington and Lieutenant Nolan
for the able manner in which those two
officers have performed the onerous du
ties placed upon them.
Captain Carrington has labored al
most unceasingly by day and night
since he received his first orders from
Washington to muster In the troops,
and the rapidity with which he has per
formed the work has excited the admi
ration of every officer and man in the
National Guard. Every moment he
was not engaged, yesterday, in super
intending the • insterlng in of the artll
lerv batteries. Captain Carrington put
in at the camp conferring with the
commanding officers and arranging for
the accommodation of the additional
troops. In the afternoon he had the
battery from Sacramento sent out to
the barracks for examination, and he
i=s now ready to handle the two Infantry
battalions when they arrive to-day.
As for Lieutenant Nolan, he has
earned everlasting gratitude for the
manner in which he dispatched rations
and camp equipage to the troops after
their arrival at the Presidio. It is no
small job to provide for 2000 men. even
if given ample time, but Lieutenant
Nolan undertook it at a moment's no
tice and performed the work most
satisfactorily. The only thing that
bothered him Saturday was to get
bread. Flour there was in plenty, but
there were no dutch ovens to bake in,
and the accommodations at the Pre
sidio Barracks were entirely inade
quate. However, he overcame that dif
ficulty yesterday by contracting with
downtown bakers to deliver a sufficient
quantity of bread daily to satisfy the
demand v.til other arrangements can
be made. Camp ovens will be provided,
and Colonel Smith has discovered a
first-class cook in his regiment who
will be detailed to educate a number of
men in the art of bread-baking. Colo
nel Berry will also adopt this plan, and
In a few days the men will partake of
bread of their own making.
It was amusing to watch the boys
preparing their meals over the field
stoves, which are not intended for the
preparation of fancy dishes. Most of
the boys are only amateur cooks at
best, and their struggles with refrac
tory steaks, jacketed potatoes and wash
boilers filled with steaming coffee
taught their civilian friends a highly
prized object lesson in camp life.
One thousand pairs of blankets were
issued to the soldiers Saturday, in ad
dition to those they took into camp, so
they have no trouble on that score. To
most of them It came rather hard to
roll up in their blankets on the hard
ground. Yesterday a large quantity of
straw was hauled from the barracks,
and last night the boys were made more
comfortable.
The greatest annoyance the soldiers
have to endure is the dust. The camp
is located on the eastern extremity of
the immense drill ground that is des
titute of vegetation and across which
the wind sweeps with almost hurricane
force. The tramping of the great
crowds yesterday ground the top cover
ing of clay and the sand underneath
into dust, which was blown in stifling
clouds over the camp, filling the tents
and causing the men to comment audi
bly on the weather. ..
Colonel Morris, when he visited the
camp, was quick to observe this disa
greeable feature, and informed the offi
cers that he would send the post
sprinkling carts over In the morning to
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
wet down the ground and keep it thor
oughly sprinkled. With this nuisance
abated the men will be perfectly con
tented.
The First Regiment has already sub
mitted to the proper authorities esti
mates for wood, blankets, clothing,
etc., and the articles are being delivered
at the camp as soon as the requisitions
have been approved and filled. To-day
the Seventh, after being mustered Into
the United States service, will, through
its quartermaster, submit similar requi
sitions for supplies.
Captain Baldwin, the purchasing
commissary in this city, is shipping a
large quantity of rations to the post
commissary at the Presidio, who will
issue them to the volunteer troops as
required. The contractor who furnishes
fresh beef at the Presidio will also sup
ply fresh beef to the camp.
The volunteers are armed with tne
"Springfield, .45," and although It
may not be the highest form of mili
tary rifle extant. Its accuracy has for
years been the boast and pride of the
army in every field that has heard its
bark. Even to-day among military
men it will, without doubt, hold Its
place as the best shooting piece at all
practicable distances.
The State tentage now In use at the
camp is not in the best of condition.
The wall tents used by the officers and
the common tents used by the enlisted
men will soon be replaced by new tents
to be issued by the Government from
stock now on hand, or to be made, at
the general depot of the Quarter
master's Department, 36 New Mont
gomery street. In addition to this sup
ply of wall and common tents, each
man will be issued a half-shelter tent.
These tents are about six feet long and
are used exclusively for actual field ser
vice.
A regular army officer was heard to
remark yesterday, when asked what he
thought of California's volunteers:
"I am greatly surprised to see the ma
terial of w'-ich the California National
Guard is composed. This looks more
like a camp of regulars than a camp of
volunteers."
This morning a battalion of the
Fourteenth United States Infantry,
commanded by Major Charles F.
Robe, U. S. A., will arrive from "Van
couver Barracks, Washington.: It is
expected that these tr- ops will tem
porarily occupy the barracks made va
cant by the transfer of the First United
States Infantry to Tampa, Fla. The
battalion consists of Companies C. L),
E and F officered by Captains WU
liam M. McCammon, Frank Taylor and
John Murphy; Lieutenants William S.
Biddle, James Mitchell, Charles R.
Krauthoff, P. L. Miles and Ora E.
Hunt.
General Thomas M. Anderson, with
the headquarters band, and Companies
A and E, Fourteenth Infantry, sta
tioned at Skaguay, Alaska, have re
ceived instructions from General
Henry C. Merriam, commanding the
Departments of the Columbia and Cali
fornia, to proceed without delay to
Vancouver Barracks, Washington, and
thence to San Francisco. General
Anderson, who was recently appointed
brigadier general, will be placed in
command of the regulars and volun
teers encamped at the Presidio. He
will form a brigade of the troops con
centrated in San Francisco.
Captain Carrington has received or
ders from Washington to organize a
hospital corps for the volunteers, con
sisting of two stewards, two acting
stewards and fifty-eight privates. The
First already has an excellent sanitary
corps in the field under the supervision
of its surgeons, and this will be used
as the nucleus for the new corps.' The
Seventh also has a fine corps of
twenty-three men, all of whom are
practicing physicians, druggists or
students. This corps was not brought
up with the regiment, much to the dis
appointment of the members who had
disposed of their practice or business
in anticipation of bei*-- called Into ser
vice.
When Captain Carrington received
his orders, he conferred with Surgeon
General Hopkins, and the latter, after
a brief talk with Colonel Berry, tele
graphed to Los Angeles to the corps
to come to L>a-^ Francisco at once, and
the men will start this morning. They
will be added to the corps, which, Cap
tain Carrineton thinks, will be one of
the most efficient ever organized.
DOINGS OFTHE FIRST
An Eventful Day to the Vol
unteers in Camp at the
Presidio.
Promptly at s:4s o'clock yesterday morn
ing the long and unbroken rattle of the
drums sounding the first call for reveille
awoke the soldiers of the First Regiment
of the United States California Volun
teers to their second day of duty. At the
first tap of the drum the men turned out
from their camps with the alacrity and
precision of regulars. Ten minutes later
the call was sounded for company forma
tion and the men fell In and answered
their names to the sergeant's roll-call.
Then followed a short drill in the manual
of arms, and at 6:10 o'clock the men and
officers sat down to their first breakfast
in camp with such appetites as they had
never had before. At 7 o'clock the sick
call was sounded, and these of the men
who needed a physician's attention r>»»
ported to the hospital, where Captain
Rethers and his corps of wide-awake
assistants were ready to prescribe for
them.
yesterday brine Sunday there was a
church call at 10 o'clock, and those who
desired to do so were permitted to attend
church, being issued passes so that they
could j?et through the lines. Guard
mounting was at 8:45 o'clock, and the as
sembly was sounded fifteen minutes later
The routine duties of camp life made the
forenoon pass very rapidly, and when the
call for dinner was sounded at noon men
and officers alike were only too glad to
partake of the substantial meal that
Uncle Sam provided for them.
Just as the sun sank to rest out beyond
the blue waters of the Golden Gate and
the evening gun from Fort Point boomed
out its salute to the flae, retreat was
sounded and the men gathered in their
respective company streets to prepare for
supper, which was served a half hour
later. After supper until tattoo the men
amused themselves by visiting each other
in their tents, singing songs, telling jokes
and availing themselves of the many
things that help to brighten the life of the
men who serve in the ranks. At 10:45 the
call to quarters rang , out upon ; the night
air, and the noise and bustle ; of camp
life quieted down as the men sought their
tents preparatory to turning •in > for the
night. Promptly at 11 o'clock the wel
come sound . of taps was . blown and the
lights from many lanterns were imme
diately extinguished, and the quiet and
peace of night settled down upon the
sleeping soldiers. This is a brief outline
of the daily life of the volunteer soldiers
of (Tie First Regiment, who have sworn
allegiance to the Government and whom
Uncle Sam is rapidly turning into perfect
fighting machines.
The scenes in the camp at the Presidio
yesterday were such as will not soon be
forgotten by those who witnessed them.
Every man who wore the blue, it mat
tered not if there were no chevrons upon
his sleeves or straps upon his shoulders,
was a hero In some one's eyes. It may
have been a loving mother, a devoted
wife, an admiring sister or a faithful
sweetheart, but in every instance some
heart beat in sympathetic response to the
one beneath the blue, and while the sense
of separation was painful the knowledge
that the son, husband, brother or lover
was doing his duty more than recom
pensed for the heart's sacrifice and the
severing of sacred ties. Down in the
company streets the soldiers showed girls
through their quarters, while along offi
cers' row every possible courtesy and at
tention was shown by Colonel Smith and
his officers to the visitors. j
• The men are rapidly getting into . the
ways of camp life and they take to the
exacting routine with ; the best of good
will and display the greatest desire to
master the many small details that make
up camp life. They have been supplied
with blankets, their rations are whole
some and bountiful, and in a few days
when everything has been placed upon a
perfect military basis of operations they
will have ceased to remember that they
were ever civilians. Colonel Smith, whom
the men have already dubbed "Fighting
Jim Smith," has shown such executive
ability and displayed such a genius for
managing military details that he has
only increased the love of the men and
officers and tneir confidence in and re
spect for him. ■- •
Many of the men and officers came into
the city yesterday to see their families
and friends. Colonel Smith left the camp
in the morning for several hours and
Lieutenant. Colonel Duboce assumed com
mand during his absence. In the morn
ing Colonel Duboce, Surgeon Rethers
and Captain O'Neill made the inspection
of the camp and found everything in ex
cellent shape and condition, and the men
showed the greatest desire to acquire all
details regarding the placing of their
company streets and tents in shape.
Captain T. F. O'Neill, Company M, was
officer of the day yesterday, and Lieuten
ant O'Brien, Company H. officer of the
guard The guard consisted of thirty
eight privates, three corporals and ono
sergeant. The band quarters are just
back of Colonel Smith's tent, and the
kitchen and officers' mess is just to the
right of headquarters at the end of offi
cers' row. A telephone has been placed
in Colonel Smith's headquarters for the
use and convenience of the officers. The
guard tent had several prisoners In it
yesterday, but their offenses' were of a
minor nature, having been committed
largely through ignorance of military
Fill OS
One member of the regiment will be dis
charged on account of disability. He was
seized with an epileptic fit and it was
some time before he could be resuscitated.
He said it was not the first spasm he had
ever had but the surgeons think it would
be inadvisable to continue him in serv
ice, especially if the regiment is ordered
away. , ■' .
' The following orders were issued by
Colonel Smith yesterday, outlining the
daily duties of the command while In
camp. ; VJv;"
I headquarters first regiment CAL
IFORNIA U. S. volunteer infantry.
Presidio,, May 7, IS3B.
Regimental Order No. 2.
1 The following hours of service and roll
call applying to this camp are promulgated
for the information, guidance and observance
of all concerned: First call (reveille). 5:4.-. a.
m • reveille, 5:55 a. m. ; assembly after sound
ing off (drill manual of arms); mess call
(breakfast), 6:10 a. m.; sick call, 7 a. m.;
fatigue call. 7:30 a. m. ; drill call, 8:10 a. m. ;
•assembly. 8:45 a. m.; recall from drill, 9:30 [a.
m. ; guard mounting, 10 a. m.; assembly, 10: li
a. m ; first call inspection, 10:50 a. m. : assem
bly 11 a. m.; recall from fatigue, 11:45 a. m. ;
first sergeant's call. 12 m.; officer's call. 12 m. ;
mess call (dinner), 12:10 p. m. ; fatigue call,
1 p. m. recall, from fatigue, op. m. retreat
(first call, see time table); assembly; mesa
call (supper), 5:30 p. m. ; tattoo, 9* p. m.; call
to quarters, 10:45 p. m. ; taps, 11 p. m.
SUNDAYS— Guard mounting, 8:45 a. m.; as :
sembly 9 a. m. ; church caU.- 10:45 a. m. . _ /.
Recruit drill will be held dally from < to
7:30. 9 to 9:30 a. m., and 1 to 1:30, and 3 to
2 'sergeant Maurice J. Sheehan, Company
I. is hereby detailed regimental clerk. ■ Private
Frank C. Young. Company, X, is hereby detail
ed clerk at headquarters. _
3 Private Emanuel Levy, Company G. is
detailed clerk in the quarter-master's de-
IP Y '^Private Edward M. Gorman. Company B.
is hereby detailed as a laborer in the com
missary depart t^ By^nier of
A. J. KELLEIIEIt, '
First . Lieutenant and Adjutant First Regi
. ment California U. S. Volunteer Infantry.
Below is a complete roster of officers or
the First Infantry:
Field and Staff— Colonel, James F. Smith;
lieutenant-colonel, Victor D. Duboce; major,
Charles Boxton; major, Charles L. Tilden;
major Hue" T. Sime; Tst lier.tenant and
adjutant Alfred J. Kelleher; first lieutenant
■ and quartermaster. Frederick W. Dohrmann
Jr • first lieutenant and battalion adjutant,
John J West; first lieutenant and battalion
adjutant Herman Huber; first lieutenant and
battalion adjutant, William H. Tobin; sur
geon William D. McCarthy; assistant surgeon,
Patr'icinne J. H. Farrell; assistant surgeon,
Theodore Rethers. V ■■i;V^,. T ,
Line Captains— Thomas F. O Neill,
Company M: Thomas J. Cunningham, Company
X ■ Frank W. Warren, Comapny H ; Edgar C.
i Su'tliffe Company G: John P. Connolly, Com
; pany A: John F. Egbert, Company L; James
i \v " numbrell. Company C; George Fllmer,
'■■ cmapny B: John A. Miller. Company F; Rein
hold Rlchter, Company I; Thomas J. McCreagh.
Company D; William R. Robertson, , Com
j P£ Flrst Lieutenants— Edward D. Finley, Com
pany X; Harry E. Curzons, Company L:
Charles E. Goodell, Company C: George T.
i Ballinger, Company A: Thomas W. Sparrowe,
! Company G; B. B. Sturdivant, Company B;
Firmen A. Nippert. Company F: Otto F.
Huber Company I: Edwin F. Davis.. Company
H- James H. Jordan. Company E; Charles J.
Hogan, Company M; Henry F. McGurren,
Company D. ..' - - •_ "• ' _L_ ■ '
Second Lieutenants— W. Scaly, Com
pany X; Albert C. Adler. Company. L; Albert
F Ramm, Company B: Joseph A. Brown, Com
pany A; George J. Petty, Company C; William
N. Swasey. Company G: Timothy P. O'Brien.
Company H: Otto E. Schwerdtfeger. Company
E; Edwin W. Rivers. Company M; Frank K.
Moore, Company I; Fred L. Brown, Company
F; James A. Hutton, Company D. .
Non-commissioned Staff — Sergeant-major,'
Percy L. Badt; quartermaster-sergeant, Martin
H. Wilklns.
Regimental Non-Commissioned Officers— Chief
musician, George H. Hollister; principal mu
sician. Julian Aitken: principal musician, Wll
lard F. Pldwell: ; hospital steward, Kenneth S.
Macklnzie; hospital steward, George L. Paint
er; hospital steward, Emit Bertand; sergeant
(band). . ••■■ ■ ■ < :': '
Colonel Smith issued an order yesterday
that in future the families and friends of
the enlisted soldiers should visit the camp
only on Tuesdays and' Fridays, between
2 and 3 o'clock. The order, the colonel
said, was not intended to cause any incon
venience to the relatives and friends of
the soldiers, but to give the men a chance
to attend to their duties without lnterrup-
Forty-seven cases of illness and acci
dents were reported to the hospital dur
ing the day. None of them were of a se
i nous character. ' Most of them were of
minor complaints due to the change in the
mode of living for the men. A few bruises
and trifling cuts due to slight accidents
were dressed.
THE NEED OF THE HOUR
Rev. Oliver C. Millar of the Church of
the Holy Spirit, 2127 Jackson street,
preached yesterday from the text— l Cor.
xvi:l3: "Watch ye; stand fast in the faith,
quit you like men; be strong." In part he
said:
We must watch and fight as well as pray.
In thlß life nothing good is obtained or main
tained without contending for v Our text
is a quotation from the address of the Phil
istine general to his soldiers before going into
battl" "Be strong and quit yourselves like
men, that ye be not servants; quit yourselves
SiUe men and fight." What a soul-inspiring
summons it is, not to be servants while in
humanity and injustice triumph over u;>.
Sturdy manliness and supreme murage are the
need of the' nation to-day. These are not born
o' crmmercial life, nor during peace, 1.-it on
fcloi'dv battlefields. The stirm* admonition
of the Holy writ tpeaks to-day 10 our Imtir.ll:
• 4 Ye have not yet resisted unto blood strivlns
against sin. Bolh we as a nation and our ene
mies have sinned, and there :s only one thing
that will put away sin. and that is blood.
This is why we should believe In this w;>r.
It was inevitable. God sent it. and he will
accomplish his own purposes through It. It
has been now thirty-seven years since r,ur iant
war We read In the Book of Juiced this
Plßntncant sentence: "And the land ir.vl rest
for forty years." This rest wa? thf> price ..f
flccovxd Peaceful pursuit Jo not give sym
metrical development to national life. After
periods of prosperity and rest, war seems to
become a necessity. The most lovln«r disciple
of Jesus has said: "Hereby perceive we the
love of God, because he laid down bis life for
us: we ought to lay down our lives for the
brethren." Again, speaking of the heroic
lives of the saints, the same disciple says:
•And they loved not their lives unto death.
Let us in the strength of Jehovah the God of
battle, defend the precious legacy of our
forefathers, who fought and labored that we
might enter into their labors. Everything pre
cious to the life of our nation was bought
with blood, and by blood it must be maintain
ed. Let us prove ourselves worthy to main
tain the blood-bought legacy of our heroic desJ.
But let ub be sure to go into the conflict with
prayer and with faith in God. as did our fore
lathers of whom it may well be said. me
world was not worthy." We must either Da
patriots or paupers. Let us not partake or
the blessings of liberty and not raise our
hand to maintain It. Let us flght for our
firesides ard our children, lest they be
scourged beneath the lash of inhumanity ano
oppression. Ours is a Just cause and there
fore has the promise of a just God. Let us
honor him and he will honor us. Give thanks
to him for our victories and ex-en the stars
in their courses that fought against Slsera
will fight for us. The essential principle of
the heroic life is faith; It catches sight of the
highest good and pursues it at all hazard.
America has a heroic ancestry, and dara
not degenerate under the influence of a cursed
money-getting, pleasure-loving spirit. Let us
catch the words shouted down the ages from a
myriad of heroic lips now speechless forever,
and yet never dying: "Quit you like men, b«
strong!"
FOR THE WHOLE WORLD
Extracts from a sermon preached by
Professor Warren H. Landon of the Theo
logical Seminary at San Aiiselmo in Cal
vary Presbyterian Church, San Francis
co yesterday from the text— Mark xvi:ls:
"And he said unto them. Go ye into all
the world and preach the gospel to every
creature."
This was Chrißt's last command. There Is
In It no home missions or foreign missions, as
distinguished one from the other, but the
evangelization of the entire world. If the Bible
knows anything about home or foreign mis
sionary work, that is home missions which lies
nearest Calvary, where Christ was crucified,
and where the Christian Church began, namely,
Syria, Persia and Egypt and the like, foreign
i mission countries being those more remote,
i such as this new continent upon which we live.
Missions originated with Christ. Dr. Van Dyke
lof New York has well said: "The missionary
enterprise Is not the church's afterthought. It
Is Christ's forethought. It Is not secondary
and optional. It Is primary and vital."
"All the world," says the text. "All na
tions," says Matthews' account. "All nations,
says Luke's gospel. "In Jerusalem and In all
Ju'dea and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost
part of the earth," says the account in Acts.
j Either Christianity Is a religion for the entire
I world or its founder was mistaken.
But what has this last command of Christ to
do with us? What relation to us as Individuals?
What relation to us as a church? That depends
mainly upon our relationship to him who gave
the command.
Why have some men gone from California to
New Orleans and to Tampa, and are ready to
! sail for Cuba, while others of us remain In San
i Francisco attending regularly to our business
! as If there was no war with Spain? Because
i they had enlisted and were bound by their oath
to yield prompt obedience to the orders of their
commanding officers, whithersoever they were
pent. They enlisted not for service at home
or abroad, but for service wherever the Gov
ernment directed. So we see some bound for
Cuba. We see some bound on our naval vessels
for Porto Rico. We are likely to see some
! sailing for the Philippine Islands. It seems to
i me something like going Into all the world,
I some to the far east, some to the far west,
wherever the enemy Is, and wherever the Gov-
Inent directs. Where has there been any
tation? Where any lack of enthusiasm in
army or in the navy?
• what rig-ht, then, do we Bit still when
;ays go? By what right do we halt when
•ays advance? I believe the whole church
Is* to ask the question, who is captain
i? Whence came the orders the Christian
is bound to obey? This is a missionary com
mand given by a missionary commander. The
great "go" of our text was spoken by one
who went first himself. The Son of God stayed
not In heaven to issue orders to go forth. He
came hither himself on a mission world-wide
in its scope. What battles he fought! What
victories he won!
Our nation is engaged at the present time
in a foreign mission enterprise. Why should
this nation be at war with Spain? She has
not raided our borders. She has made no un
just demands upon us. It was not for the
purpose of acquiring territory. Some of the
excitement which precipitated the conflict may
have been caused by so-called "Jingoism,"
some by "yellow Journalism"; but underneath
all is the spirit at work, a spirit of self-sacri
flrc for humanity's sake. This nation has
gone beyond Its own borders in the interest of
another people for humanity's sake. It is a
foreign mission enterprise under another name.
We are fighting, not for our own country, but
for another people, in whom we have some
commercial interest, but no other Important
interest except our interest In humanity, in
righteousness, in Justice. Well will it be If
there is awakened by this war a still deeper
and wider interest in humanity, an interest to
he shown not by sending out cruisers and bat
tleships, but by' sending forth in greater num
bers the embassadors of peace under the ban
ner of the cross, an interest to be shown by
withholding the evil and sending forth more
of the good, an interest to be shown as
the Congo convert would have It shown. He
wrote the following ietter to the Archbishop of
Canterbury, said to have been the first one
ever written in English by a Congo native:
"Great and Good Chief of the Tribes of Christ.
Greeting! The humblest of your servants kiss
es th*> hem of your garment and begs you to
send to his fellow servants more gospel and
Mi. In the bonds of Christ. Ugalla."
>s not only from England but also from
and other American ports to destroy
ions of Africa. There is not a soul
us but believes there ought to be a
obedience to the last command of
BOYS IN BLUE
ARE HONORED.
Owing to the fact that a number of the
young men of the First Christian Church
in this city have volunteered to go to the
war and that there is also on board the
battle-ship Oregon one of the young men
of the church, the congregation yester
day morning passed the following resolu
tion:
WHEREAS, The spirit of patriotism has
prompted some of the young men of our con
gregation, to wit: Brethren F. S. Brown, A.
C Wagner, Edward Norton and W. E. Flu
hart to respond to the call of our President for
volunteers to defend and uphold our beloved
lias in the cause of humanity: therefore
R.-solved, That it is with great regTet we see
these brethren so from us to expose them
selves to the dangers of war, though we can
but recognize the nobility of spirit which
prompts thorn thus to respond to their coun
try's call.
Resolved. That the sympathy and the pray
ers of this church are with these young men,
that God may protect them from the dangers
of war and return them to us in safety.
Resolved. That we commend them to God
and to the word of his grace, which !s able to
build them up and give them an inheritance
among all them that are sanctified.
Resolved, That these resolutions be spread
upon the records of the church and a copy
transmitted to each of these young mem
RED CROSS EXECUTIVE
MEETING.
OAKL.AND. May B.— Mrs. G. D. Abbott,
president of the Red Cross Society of this
city, has called a meeting of the execu
tive committee for Monday morning at 10
o'clock in the Ebell Society rooms. A
delegation from all affiliated societies
educational, beneficial, social and relig
ious organizations— are requested to be
present. They have issued a call for
comfort baps, good rending matter and
$2000 in cash for "the California Volunteers,
who, it is expected, will leave on Saturday
for Manila. Donations may be left at
Bowman's drug store, Broadway and
Ninth street, and Wheeler's grocery store,
Broadway, near Fourteenth street.
PREPARING FOR
THE MATINEE.
The managers and attaches and per
formers of the Orpheum Theater are hard
at work preparing specialties for the
monster benefit performance to be given
on Thursday afternoon for the benefit of
the i.cd Cross fund. The members of the
orchestra will excel themselves on that
day Special music will be the order and
Director E. M. Rosner and Leader B.
Jaulus are already preparing selections
and arranging for rehearsals.
The musicians are enthusiastic and they
promise many startling features. The
Orpheum orchestra is well known to every
theater-goer In the city and it has never
been known to make a failure yet.
-THE CALL'S" PRAISES SUNG.
ALAMEDA, May B.— The San Francisco
Call was in gTeat demand in our city this
morning and all who were fortunate
enough to secure a copy were loud in
their praise of the grand achievement of
that paper in giving to the people such a
graphic pen picture of the great naval
engagement at Manila. The hand of the
paddist, so visible In the columns of its
contemporaries, could not be seen in The
Call's account, which came direct from
the •"n of an eye-witness who stood
upon*the bridge of the Olympia with the
gallant Commodore Dewey, throughout
the entire engagement.
A novel and simple cure for the head
ache la announced. It is for the sufferer
to walk backward tor about ten minutoa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DID IT EVER
OCCUR TO YOU
That a man is judged as much by the
clothes he wears as from the company
he keeps? It is true: — But does that
account for the sudden appearance
recently of so many stylish, tasty and
comfortably dressed men on the
streets? — Not altogether: — If you will
pick out seven-tenths of the men you
meet wearing satisfaction's smile and
perfect- fitting clothes you will find,
upon inquiry, that they were fitted out
at our establishment.
■;' " ■ ■ ,
- •
/rytx special
f SUIT
— -,,— ^J ' • Reduced from fifteen dollars
I / represents an all-wool gar-
/ / ment, latest New York cut,
/ / single and double-breasted
/ / ■ sacks and 3-button cut-
I / aways, comprising all the
hi ■ latest colorings in exclusive
\ I/ designs — Browns, Havana
\ I / Browns, Grays, Olive, Black,
'-, V fp=NrVaj^ Blue and Electric Blues.
MOTHER'S
PRIDE, JRf
Navy Blue Suit for boys 4to 1O \ V-JV \\j a
years, made in the . reefer style, *V~"/
sailor's collar and sleeves '' ( > / |/W
trimmed with soutache and • *iL/l— J ft
wide Hercules braid. 1 I \ \
For larger boys, age 9 to 14 H^VJ M*
years. These suits are made
up in that jaunty fashionable ~^K
double-breasted style.
' ; . i
95c.
/ \ Our Fedora, In all colors,
/ k including Black, Brown,
i^taßfips^*S Pearl and Claro, sold for
T^fcmrtß&rZ^f** 1^ y less than manufacturer's
price.
120 dozen summer weight Balbrigg an Underwear
Suits, in pink, blue, tan and slate —
sOc a Suit.
100 dozen of the latest style Golf and Negligee Shirts,
sy^c** .Rpph Worth
idZZD^' J—tCX^llj double
Goods cheerfully exchanged or
money refunded.
S.N.WOOD&CO.,
718 Market Street.
56
MONDAY. MAY 9, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
. Address All Communications to W. S.- LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE. BAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In trjts city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ' .
THE WEEKLY CALL On* yar. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ............008 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri&fta Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS, Advertising Representative. -
JBRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
I open until 9:30 o'clock;. 287 Hayes street, «D«n until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518 |
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "ln Old Japan."
Columbia— -Monbara "
California— "The Euslgrn."
Alcaear— "Klobe
Moroßco's— • The Prisoner of Hitlers "
Tlvoll— "Snip Ahoy."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masonic Festival.
Metropolitan Temple— Testimonial to Fritz Soheel, Sunday
a/tern con. May 15.
Golden Gate Hall— California State Floral Society, Thursday
afternoon and evening.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet, Monday, May 16.
The Chutes- Zoo. Vaudeville, and "African LJon Hunt"
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Do? aud Pony Show.
Sutro Baths — Swimming.
El Campo— Muslo. danclne boating, fishing 1 , every Sunday,
California Jockey dub, Oakland— Races to-day. i
AUCTION SALES.
By <5. H. Umbsen & Co.— TnlB Jay, May 8, Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery Btreet, at 12 o'clock.
OUR. GUNS AND BUSINESS.
WHEN Dewey destroyed the Spanish fleet in
Manila harbor a week ago he did more than
sink a dozen men-of-war and batter down as
many forts. He gave trade throughout the United
States a mighty stimulus, which is just becoming ap
parent. All commercial reports from the East now
abound with allusions to the impetus given to all
sorts of business by those deadly American guns. In
the first place, as soon as the result of the battle
became known there was an influx of buying orders
in Wall street for both long and short accounts,
London being a large buyer, and we are told that
"a new sense of national strength and energy was
immediately developed, and that the commercial com
munity has come to the conclusion that the possible
effects of the war have already been discounted, ex
cept perhaps in a few lines."
Nor is this all. Industries have received a wonder
ful stimulus from the conviction that the war will not
last long, and that it will go our way. Besides the
great demand for steel plates and other iron products
an.l ammunition the Government has ordered 2,500,
000 yards of woolen cloths, 125,000 blankets, 3,000.000
yards of cotton goods and great quantities of provi
sions and other supplies, and meanwhile reviving con
fidence has multiplied other demands. In addition
to these items the iron trade has been stimulated by
large orders for the construction of warships and
merchantmen for foreign countries. Those works
which produce steel rails, plates, farming utensils, etc.,
are being pushed to their utmost capacity, and some
are refusing orders. Textile works have also r-nreived
heavy orders besides those from the Government, and
the wool market Is showing the effects of this by
more steadiness than it has exhibited for some time,
with a slight increase in sales. The sensational ad
vance in wheat also helps things along, for high
wheat always goes hand in hand with general pros
perity.
All these things tend to revivify trade throughout
the whole country. The railroads se«m to be deriving
their share of the benefits, for there has been an aver
age advance in railroad shares of $2 70 since that
little exhibition of Americanism in Manila harbor a
few days ago. The business failures are again
smaller, those for the week being 240, against 245 for
the preceding week. The bank clearings, however,
dropped down to a gain of only 5 per cent over the
same week last year, this being the smallest increase
for some time. Still we are told by Bradstreet's that
"evidences accumulate that the corner has finally been
turned in the trade situation, and that circumstances
which have hitherto been regarded as disquieting
have begun to give way to more cheerful conditions
or are beginning to be recognized in a truer and more
reasonable light. While it is claimed, and perhaps
■with justice in many cases, that the changes yet noted
are largely sentimental, and little that is tangible is
to be cited in the direction of improvement, it is not
to be forgotten that the dullness and even depression
ruling for some time past was likewise largely senti
mental and it is now beginning to be admitted by
many had even less of a basis to rest upon than the
present unmistakable signs of improvement."
So much for the country at large. On this coast
there are few new conditions observable. Wheat con
tinues to attract general attention by its ground and
lofty tumbling, the advance last week being sharp
enough to satisfy almost anybody. Merchandise con
tinues in steady demand and almost all fluctuations
are in the direction of higher prices. The staple gro
ceries are all firm, and higher figures are announced
for quicksilver, cordage and several kinds of oils, the
advance in the two first being directly caused by the
war. In produce we have an improved market for
dried and canned fruits at rising prices, advanced
quotations for several descriptions of provisions and
a wonderful market for all kinds of grain, millstufls
any hay. In fact, throughout the whole long list of
commodities quoted in the market reports of The
Call meat is the only line that shows a decline, and
this is due to the dry weather, which has caused
free shipments of cattle and sheep to this market for
want of sufficient pasturage. There was a slight
break in hay a few days ago, but this was local and
momentary, being due to excessive receipts from out
side the State in one day.
Helen Gould is an American woman of whom the
country has reason to be proud. Probably if it were
permissible she would be shouldering a rifle herself.
As she can't do this she is buying rifles for other
patriots to shoulder.
The spectator of the future prize fight who shall
neglect to have his life insured will be guilty of crim
inal disregard for his heirs.
Th|E OBESE DEMOCRACY.
WE arc seldom called upon to record a more
soul-inspiring instance of municipal patriot
ism than is disclosed by the published results
of an examination of the membership of the Demo
cratic General Committee elected a few days ago by
the regular organization of the local party. Out of
some 450 committeemen it is stated that over 160
hold positions under the municipal government. Had
the Sullivan faction made this charge in a general
way we should have discredited it. But it seems to
be supported by proof. A list of the names with the
particular offices held has been published.
While it is quite true that no person should be j
amused to hear of Democrats holding office — seeing j
that office-holding and Democracy are synonym
ous — we must confess that the presence in the Dem- j
ocratic General Committee of 160 patriots serving j
their country in peaceful capacities which pay a salary j
is calculated to tickle not only our risibilities, but the j
risibilities of the people generally. Evidently these
gentlemen do not propose to let anybody in on the
good things of the municipality. Having the Demo- j
cratic "works," it is their purpose to keep them. If j
an occasional Democrat manages to breach the party j
organization this year it will not be their fault. In j
any event these 160 self-sacrificing fellows will all be
provided for.
We do not wish to be understood as objecting to
this. On the contrary it is a pleasure to distinctly
approve the proceeding. The fact that the Demo
cratic local organization consists almost entirely of
office-holders, determined to hold on by controlling
it, will do more to bring Republican success in the
coming municipal campaign than any other bit of in
formation that can be published. We are, therefore,
not only gratified to know that the regular Dem
ocracy is made up of the bread and butter brigade,
but we are under distinct obligations to the Sullivan-
Fhelan Democracy for making the fact public.
A great deal of immoderate laughter must prevail
in the vicinity of Livermore these days. Mr. Buck
lay was a raw potentate, but he never presented quite
so raw a front as this. Colonel Sullivan declares that
Agriculturist Rainey is responsible for the new Gen
eral Committee. But we doubt him. If Colonel
Rainey had a hand in the making of that body he
should be summoned before the Lunacy Commis
sioners at once. The old man is certainly daft.
It is quite plain that Providence has it in for the
Democrats this year. With its moth-eaten accouter
ments and serried ranks of pap-suckers the General
Committee will make a weaker showing than the
Spanish made at Manila. Like the jumping frog of
Calaveras, after he had been fed on bird shot, it will
not be able to jump. It will simply stagger about,
breathe hard and lunge.
THE CHARTER ELECTION.
IT is time for the citizens of San Francisco to give
serious attention to the duties imposed upon them
by the approaching charter election. The issues at
stake are of far-reaching importance. They concern
the establishment of a new system of government for
the municipality, and therefore affect to a greater or
less extent the interests of all.
The first duty is that of registration on the part of
all who are not registered. The registration office
closes to-morrow, May 10. The time for attending
to this duty, it will be seen, is short. It should be
performed at once, for while it is possible for the
dilatory to put the matter off until to-morrow, the
duty is one that should be done to-day.
The classes of persons who must register in order
to have the right to vote on the charter are:
First — All persons not registered at the last general
or special election, but who were entitled thereto.
Second — All persons who were registered, but by
moving out of their "special election precinct" or
otherwise have lost their right to vote.
Third — All native male citizen not registered and
all naturalized citizens (not registered) who have be
come such prior to February 26, 1898, and are other
wise qualified according to law.
It is desirable from every point of view that all
citizens should vote in this election. Whether the
charter is adopted or rejected, the decision should be
given by a majority vote of all. On neither side
should the issue be permitted to go by default
Popular indifference to municipal issues has long
been one of the defects of our civic life. San Fran
cisco would be a much better city if our people had
always shown a true and wholesome interest in local
political contests. There should be no indifference
displayed in this instance. The form of government
under which our municipal affairs are to be carried
on for a long time to come is to be determined by
the vote cast on May 26, and surely no man who has
the welfare of the municipality at heart can be in
different to such an issue.
The duty of the time and of the day is plain: See
that your name is on the Great Register, study the
charter and prepare yourself to .rightly fulfill the re
sponsibilities of an intelligent citizen by voting on
election day.
JUDGE MAGUIRE'S REPUDIATION OF
DEMOCRACY.
JUDGE MAGUIRE'S denial that he said the
seizure of Spanish merchant ships was "nothing
more than piracy," and his admission that he
said such seizure was "no better than piracy," sug
gests a further examination of the Judge's somewhat
tortuous political course.
In 1887 he formally and forever withdrew from the
Democratic party, State and national. His reasons
were given in the following letter:
[From the San Francisco Bulletin, Friday,
January 28, 1887.]
JUDGE MAGUIRE ABANDONS THE DEM
OCRACY.
Boodle and Bossism Too Much for Him— Socialism
of a Certain Sort More Suitable to His
Fancy, Etc.
The following letter from Judge Maguire to the
California State Democratic Club may create some
thing of a political breeze:
SAN FRANCISCO, January 27, 1887.
To the Officers and Members of the California
State Democratic Clvb — Gentlemen: I hereby tender
my resignation as a member of your club.
In withdrawing permit me to return thanks to the
officers, past and present, for many courtesies which
they have extended during our long and pleasant
association.
Let me also assure the members, with whom my
relations have always been most cordial, that my
withdrawal is not prompted by any personal con
siderations, but that it is to me a painful act of duty
to political principles and convictions with which
the present policy of the Democratio party is not in
accord.
As this resignation 1b the final act which severs
my connection with the Democratic party, State and
national, it is but just to you, and to all others who
have stood shoulder to shoulder with me in the poli
tical battles of the past, that I should fully and
frankly state the reasons which have moved me to
this serious step.
Earl/ in life I learned to reverence the name De
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
mocracy, as representing all that is sublime in the
political history of past ages and as connecting the
best of political principles.
The party bearing this sacred name being out of
power at the time I reached my majority I naturally
entered its ranks, hoping and expecting that it would
ever be the aggressive and intelligent champion of
liberty, equality and justice, -wherever and whenever
these vital principles of social happiness might be
either neglected or assailed.
Finally our party triumphed, but alas! It has
brought no relief to our suffering people. The bene
fit of that triumph has amounted to no more than
the distribution of a few official prizes to the friends
and relatives of wealthy aristocrats and to the
henchmen of political bosses. There are, of course,
exceptions, but this has been the rule.
Wealth is still the standard of respectability. Just
as it was under Republican administrations, and the
rights and wishes of the great Democratic masses
of the country are Just as completely ignored.
Rival bidders for the affection of monopolists, the
great national parties have become like as two peas,
both in actions and principles.
The great intellectual statesmen, the men of prin
ciple and courage, once the glory of our country,
have been retired from our Federal Senate, and the
people have practically ceased to be represented
there. The chamber which once held that highest
body of earthly legislators is now a sort of national
stock exchange, wherein seats are sold to- monopo
lists and to wealthy seekers after social standing. In
the matter of sanctioning this iniquity honors seem
to be easy between the parties.
The entire solid area of our great country, includ
ing the natural opportunities of all our people, the
natural resources without which ncrne of our people
can live, has been made the exclusive private prop
erty of a few thousand alien and domestio landlords,
who, by virtue of the absolute control which they do
thus, as owners, exercise over the only means of
living of our landless millions, are robbing the latter
continually of from one-half to four-fifths of the
fruits of their labor, and are daily driving them to
lower and lower depths of slavery and helpless
misery.
This is a system of human servitude just as com
plete as chattel slavery, and in many respects more
atrocious; yet the so-called "Democratic party,"
while claiming to be the friend of the laborer, ex
pressly defends this system and bids for the support
of those who profit by it. But these are not the only
matters In which the party has been recreant. In
the late Democratic State Convention an emissary
of certain railroad corporations, who acted as a car
rier of messages between his masters and the com
mittee on platform, caused that committee to elim
inate a resolution condemning the election of the
president of the Central Pacific Railroad Company
to the United States Senate, and also caused the
committee to eliminate Senator Reddy's resolution
upon the Chinese question, which, prior to his ap
pearance, had been adopted. This railroad emissary
received as his reward for this successful service a
Democratic nomination for Congross. It is but Just,
In defense of the people, that I shiruld add he was
not elected.
I will not recount the painful history nor dwell
upon the deplorable condition of our local Democ
racy. It Is difficult to speak of this branch of the
party In the language of polite correspondence. Let
it here suffice to say that our local Democracy is
under the acknowledged dominion of a man who has
been publicly charged with having openly and no
toriously purchased votes on last election day. This
charge has been strongly supported by the sworn
and recorded testimony of several citizens; yet, al
though this crime against the elective franchise is a
blow at the very heart of our liberty, a crime more
dreadful In Its consequences than murder or open
treason, no citizen has yet manifested sufficient con
fidence in the Democratic officers who are charged
with conducting public prosecutions to even file a
complaint against the alleged offender.
In face of this public charge and of other equally
outrageous doings, as If to wantonly humiliate the
State Democracy and commit It to the ratification of
such iniquities, the chairman and other members of
the State Central Committee publicly serenaded this
man, and the chairman thanked him and eulogized
him for his statesmanlike services to the party dur
ing the campaigns. And so I might go on, ad libi
tum, ad nauseum usque, but It is unnecessary.
As a self-respecting man I would feel justified and
bound in honor to withdraw from a party which has
fallen to such levels; but there is another and potent
reason for my immediate withdrawal, which is, that
a new national party is being formed for the pur
pose of restoring the natural rights of the great
landless Democracy of America.
It is founded upon the idea that all men have an
equal right to live, and, as a necessary consequence,
that all men have at all times an equal and inalien
able right to the use of the natural elements which
God made and gave freely for the subsistence of
human life; that to secure these rights governments
are instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the goverrred; that all American
citizens are entitled to equal opportunities with re
spect to the great natural resources of our common
country; that no speculator in the natural rights of
his fellow-men should be permitted to prevent
American citizens from making homes upon land
which he does not want to use; that no landlord —
alien or citizen— should be permitted to collect toll
from American citizens for allowing them the privi
lege of using the natural and indestructible powers
of our soil; that the rental value of land, which re
sults In all cases entirely from the presence, enter
prise, virtue and industry of the whole people, be
longs to the whole people, and should, as a matter of
common justice, be taken for public use; and that
no tax or burden of any kind should be Imposed
upon commerce, agriculture, manufactures or other
Industries or upon any products of human labor as
long aa this rental value of land — which is the
margin of production— shall be sufficient for public
purposes.
To the new party, founded upon these principles,
which I conceive to be the very soul and essence of
true Democracy, all of the time which I can hence
forth give to the political service of my country will
be devoted. I shall therefore in the next political
campaign do all In my power to secure the election
of Henry George or some other land reformer to the
Presidency of the United States, unless the Demo
cratic party shall in the meantime become demo
cratic by adopting the principles which we have
espoused.
Having deliberately resolved to pursue this course
I desire that my position may be fully and exactly
understood, so that my actions and relations with
respect to political matters shall be neither Incon
sistent nor ambiguous.
Sincerely trusting that our social relations may be
as pleasant In the future as they have in the past, I
remain, very truly and respectfully yours,
JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
San Francisco, January 27, 1887.
In the campaign of 1888 there is no trace of him.
It was waged locally by William D. English, the
same chairman of the Democratic State Committee
whom he berates in connection with Buckley. In
1886 the Judge had bolted the ticket and opposed
McCoppin for Congress. In 1890, the Democratic
party meantime not having changed its principles
or professions, the Judge was back in the organiza
tion. In 1892, still no change in the party to meet
the views of his letter, he took the nomination of
the unregenerate Democracy for Congress and held
office ever since in the same party which he damned
and quitted in 1887! As chairman of the Metropolitan
Temple meeting he sustained the Buckley organiza
tion, which he denounced in 1887, and although the
Democratic party has never declared against the
private ownership of land he seeks its nomination
for Governor.
When he left the party it was under the most sol
emn determination not to return to it unless it de
clared in favor of permitting American citizens to
make homes upon any land that the owner was not
using at the time the said citizen desired to squat
thereon.
Will the party take this position now?
Refusal to grant citizenship to a Spanish resident
whose home had been in San Francisco for at least
a dozen years may seem a little harsh, but it was the
only proper course to be taken by the court. The
man could not speak English, and anybody who
would live here so long and not have interest enough
in the country to have learned its language is unfit
to be a citizen.
It is true that San Francisco makes more noise over
bulletins from a prize-fight than over those from the
seats of war, but there is more thinking over the
latter.
ADMIRALS AND
THEIR FLAGS.
The grades of admiral, vice-admiral,
rear-admiral and commodore have only
existed by law in our navy since July 16,
1862, and the first two, created especially
for Farragut, Porter and Rowan, ceased |
to exist with the death of these officers. ]
As early as November 15, 1776, Congress
established the relative rank between '
army and navy officers, namely: Admiral \
with general, vice-admiral with lieuten
ant-general, rear-admiral with major
general and commodore with brigadier
general. It failed, however, to commis
sion any naval officers to those grades,
and the title of commodore given to such i
officers as John Paul Jones, Hull, Bain- ■
bridge, Decatur and other heroes of the i
early wars was merely complimentary,
and without warrant of law. The highest
lawfully recognized title up to 1862 was
that of captain, and our navy officers in ;
command of squadrons abroad have been
subjected to annoyances, which, to mili
tary men, are very serious when they '
meet with foreign commanders holding
ranks higher than that of the American
commander-in-chief.
Farragut wad the first American naval
officer flying an admiral's flag in Euro
pean waters and it has not been seen
there since 1867. From 1777 to ISOB the flag
officer's flags were cut to the shape of
that of the present commodore's flag — of
blue, red or white bunting, according to
seniority of the officer, and they had thir
teen white stars placed in three parallel
rows with four, five and four stars in
each row. In 1858 the flags were changed
to plain blue, red orwhiteof parallelogram
cut and were the same for commodores
and rear-admirals, the rli-Uinrtion being
made in that commodores carried it at
the fore and rear-admirals wore it at the
main. Farragut hoisted his flag as the
first and senior rear-admiral in the United
States navy on board the Hartford, Au
gust 11. !Sfi2. After the introduction in
ISils of the grades of admiral and vice-ad
miral the flag officers' flags were made as
shown in the accompanying illustrations,
that of the admiral and vice-admiral be
ing blue with four and three stars, re
spectively; that of rear-admiral being
blue, white or red. according to seniority,
and having two stars, while that of the
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS
C. Hunsaker of Grass Valley is at the
I,ick.
Horace W. Day of New York is at the
Palace.
George B. Sperry and Mrs. Sperry are
at the Palace.
Colonel Rufus Truax of Abing-don, Va.,
is at the International.
Eugene Blake Jr., a well-known Baltl
morean, is at the California.
W. S. Kinnoy, a well-known merchant
of Astoria, is at the Baldwin.
Samuel TV". Merchant, a well-known
citizen of Mobile, is at the Grand.
C. B. Irwin of Salein, Or., left the city
yesterday for the purpose of starting the
Daily Sentinel at Salem.
Rev. William Jones of Richmond, Mo.,
arrived In the city yesterday for the pur
pose of studying California's climate.
HYMN BEFORE ACTION.
The earth Is full of anjrer.
The seas are dark with wrath;
The nations In their harness
Go up against our path!
Ere yet we loose the lesions —
Ere yet we draw the blade,
Jehovah of the Thunders,
Lord God of Battles, aid!
Prom panic, pride and terror.
Revenge that knows no rein—
Llpht haste and lawless error.
Protect us yet again.
Cloak Thou our undeserving. • -
Make firm the shuddering breath,
In silence and deserving
To taste Thy lesser death!
E'en now their vanpuard pathers.
E'en now we face the fray—
As Thou didst help our fathers.
Help Thou our host to-day!
Fulfilled of signs and wonders.
In life. In death made clear—
Jehovah of the Thunders,
Lord God of Battles, hear!
— Rudyard Kipling.
NEWS OF "FOREIGN NfiVIES.
The Russian armored gunboat Kraby,
of 1492 tons, has passed through her
trials, which, however, did not apparently
como up to requirements. With £642
horse power the vessel made 14.54 knots,
while the contract stipulated 15 knots
with only 2000 horse power.
The British cruiser Europa, built by
Thomson at Glasgow, left that yard re
cently for Portsmouth to be fitted out,
and averaged fifteen knots with 3500 horse
power. She is 11,000 tons displacement
and is to make a speed of 20 1 /fe knots with
16,500 horse power; and the Indications
are that the ship will exceed her contract
speed.
Three thousand workmen in the Toko
suka dockyard are threatening to go on
a strike. Their wages are only four
sevenths of those obtained in private es
tablishments, and the constant rise in the
price of commodities makes it difficult to
make a living. The workmen sent a joint
request to the authorities for an Increase
01 wages, but no attention was paid to it.
The Austrian Minister of Marine has
asked the Legislature to sanction the
building of five armorclads, five cruisers
and sixty-eight torpedo boats. The pres
ent modern navy consists of ten armored
ships, seven cruisers, eleven torpedo gun
boats, sixty-five torpedo boats and four
river monitors on the Danube. The old
navy includes se%*en corvettes, six gun
boats and four dispatch vessels, nearly
all of which are built of wood.
The Creuaot establishment In France
began In 1876 the manufacture of armor
and has since then turned out 52,000 tons
of armor and 9600 heavy gun forgings.
The armor-plate plant Is contained In one
building 1410 feet In length by 164 feet In
•width and another building 908 feet by 82
feet. Its 100-ton steam hammer can be
heard In operation at a distance of seven
miles. There are several other hammers
of smaller size, and in addition two hy
draulic presses, one of 6000 tons and an
other of 1200 tons, besides three forging
presses of 8000. 2000 and 1200 tons have
been put up during the past five years.
The Terrible, sister ship to the Power
ful, is now undergoing a very exhaustive
series of trials, which consist of seventy
two hours' continuous steaming under
10.000, 14.000 and 18.000 horse power. These
are more than the British admiralty has
as yet demanded from any ship, and the
London Times states that if this series
of progressive trials are successful she
will enter upon a seventy-two hours' con
tinuous steaming with her full power of
26,000 horse power. The last reference to
the ship is undoubtedly a mistake, for It
commodore was swallow-tailed and had
a i S n fi fB6 e 9a ta change was made in all these
flags which created considerable unfav
orable comment among naval officers. Ad
miral Farragut had left Washington for
a visit to California and Porter who was
the vice-admiral, succeeded to the duties
of Farragut during the latter s absence.
Porter was envious of the popularity and
rank of Farragut, and solely to Perpe
trate a small piece of spite work ordered
a. radical change in the flags, by which
no distinction was made between the
three grades of admirals They were
made of red and white stripes alternat
ing, the commodore's differing only m be
ing swallow-tailed. The admiral's flag
wfs to be worn at the fore, the vice-ad
miral's at the main and the rear-admiral a
a Va h rragut Z was intensely disgusted, and j
never made use of this new bunting. It;
"s told that while on his dying bed set
tling up his affairs he expressed the wish
"not to place that 'Bremen bunting' upon
Ms coffin, but to have it carried after
h m "and his wish was complied with.
In 1576 a general orde.r from the Navy
Department restored the flags with the
four three, two and single stars, and the |
two latter are now in use.
The President has not the power to
promote an officer to a grade that does
not pxi«t hence Commodore Dewey s pro
motion will, for the time being be to that
of rear-admiral. Congress will without
doubt re-establish the grades of admiral
and vice-admiral, and the President will,
in all probability, recommend Rear-Ad- j
miral Dewey to become either an admiral
or vice-admiral. It would mean a good
deal to that gallant officer, for the honors
and emoluments would be considerable.
The salary of an admiral is $13,000 yearly,
whether at sea, on shore duty or unem
ployed. As a vice-admiral the sa '5- r y.J^
$9000 at sea. $SOOO on shore duty and $bOOO
if unemployed. Rear-admirals receive
only $0000. $5000 and $4000. according to ser
vice, and commodores have to be satis
fied with salaries of $3000, $4000 and $3000
There are no perquisites of any kind, and
it is only while at sea that the admiral,
all other officers and crew receive a
ration or its equivalent in money of 30
cents a day.
Naval officers in Great Britain are more
highly honored and better paid, for ad
miral's of the fleet get as high as $19,180:
admirals. $14,600: vice-admirals, $12,77,-):
rear-admirals, $11,150, and commodores of
the first class $9125, the table money and
other allowances, included in this list, be
ing in one case as much as the regular
full pay. In this country salaries are not
so princely, but the honor of receiving a
country's vote of thanks and a rank cre
ated solely as a reward for distinguished
conduct in battle if something which
naval officers covet and appreciate.
will be as much as the Terrible can do to
steam straight along under IS.OOO horse
power, and a like period under full power
would be simply to invite disaster or at
least serious breakdowns to the machin
ery. Hitherto four hours has been the
utmost extent of the full power trial of
any naval vessel.
Contracts have been given out for four
colossal armored cruisers. They will ex
ceed any vessel of that class hitherto
built, except the Russia, of 12,130 tons and
one building of 14.000 tons for the Russian
navy. The British ships will be 440 feet
in length, G9 feet 6 inches beam and dis
place 12,000 tons on a draught of 26 feet 3
inches. The hulls will be wood sheathed
and coppered. The side armor of 6-lnch
nickel steel is 230 feet in length, begin
ning 120 feet from forward and extends
to within 90 feet of the stern. The belt
covers the hull for a depth of ll l^ feet, of
which 6Vi feet above the water line and
the protection deck extending for th"
whole length is 3 inches on the slope and
2 inches thick on the flat. The main bat
tery consists of two 9.2-inch breech load
ers and twelve 6-inch quick-firers, all of
which are carried in 6-inch nickel steel
casemates and barbettes. Twenty-one
thousand horse power engines will de
velop a speed of twenty-one knots. The
normal coal supply is SOO tons and the es- i
timated cost of each vessel, exclusive of
guns, is $3,150,000. The weight of hull and
nrmor is 7860 tons, of machinery ISOO tons
and steam will be supplied by thirty
Belleville boilers carrying. 300 pounds.
WANTED— A NEW WAR SONG.
WHO will write the new national
song that will inspire our men on
land or on sea to rousing deeds of
patriotism; that will fire their
hearts with valor, stir the noblest
impulses of their natures In defense of
their country and make them forget
wounds in the deeper thrill of a patriotic
melody charming them with foretastes of
glory? Of such is the "Star-spangled
Banner," "The Battle Cry of Freedom."
"Dixie" and a host of others, called
forth by the exigencies of war, but re
maining with us steadfast as the flag
they indorse during the tranquil seasons
of peace. Some of these were as unex
pected and unpremeditated by the makers
of the songs as by the public upon whoso
tender mercies they were dropped— and
the question arises, were they inspired
for the occasion by some occult power,
an atom of genius that would out, or
were they the result of hard brainwork,
which Holmes declared to be only another
name for genius? •
Take for example that magnificent lyric
"The Star-spangled Banner," which Con
gress adopted as the national hymn, and
which would seem sufficient to our wants
for all ages, and look at its interesting,
even wonderful, history, since it was writ
ten eighty-four years ago by a sleepless
American at the bombardment of Fort
McHenry when the British fleet was pre
paring to attack Baltimore in the closing
war scenes of 1814. Frances Scot Key,
whose grandsons are living in Chicago
to-day unknown and unhonored save by
a few Baltimoreans, wrote the song dur
ing the long watches of the night when
he was a prisoner on the Minden, with
his friend Dr. Beanes, for whose release
from the British ha was capitulating.
All night the two men— with John J.
Skinner, a friend— paced the deck of their
guarded vessel, waiting for daylight,
when they could see if their flag had
struck to the British troops. The song
was written on the back or an old letter
and completed during the nljght. Key
first read It his uncle, Joseph H. Nichol
sen—a man of cultivated literary tastes—
and who was in command of a company
of volunteer artillerists in the defense of
Fort McHenry. a soldier full of patriotic
ardor. And he it was wno gave it to the
world, for he carried it to the printing
office of Captain Edes, and gave it to an
apprentice in the absence of the captain,
and ordered a certain number of the song
published. It was done at once, printed
on one side of a neat sheet, with a deco
rative border, and handed out to any one
who wanted It. The city of Baltimore was
wild with excitement over the defeat of
the British and business was suspended.
Judge Lawrenson seventy years after re
called the circumstance. "I stood in the
crowd before the printing ofßce and heard
people say, 'Here s a song, but where is
the tune?' " It was a boy of 12 years who
furnished the tune — Judge, or, as he was
then called, Jimmy Lawrenson. It was
an English air, oddly enough. "Anacreon
in Heaven." He died at the age of 90, and
shortly before his death said:
I stood on a printer's high stool that
day and was the first to sing, "Oh, say,
can you see by the dawn's early light?"
and I have been singing It ever since all
those eighty years and more, twice as
zealomsly as I ever sung the doxology."
And that single line is sculptured on the
monument which is now ready to be
erected over the grave of Francis Scott
Key, its distinguished author.
• • •
Liberty enlightening the world in the
harbor of New York singa a splendid
song through the patriotic lips of Ed
mund Clarence Steadman:
My name is Liberty!
From out a mlffhty land
I face the ancient sea,
I lift to God my hand. "
By day in Heaven's light.
Pillar of fire by nipht.
At ocean's gate I stand.
Xor bend the knee.
• * *
In 1862 George F. Root wrote many
memorable war songs, and whether they
were inspired by genius or the demand
of the public or the needs of patriotism
It is certain that all these requirements
were united in them. His "Just Before
! the Battle, Mother." was composed
■ especially for Jules Lumbard, the famous
j war singer, who when patriotism lagged
i and men refused to enlist roused them to
I the highest pitch of enthusiasm by his
I power of song. On the day that Mr. Root
composed "Just Before the Battle.
Mother," he gave it to Lumbard in the
grounds of the old courthouse. It was
during the enlisting of soldiers and thou
sands were assembled in the place. 1 hat
j night he sang it there from the original
manuscript— which he still has— and tha
] bands t«->ok up the air and the crowds
I Joined in the chorus with him.
• * *
"Dixie" is one of the most fetching and
I inspiring melodies ever sung in any land.
; It was considered during the war a song
i of the rebellion, but it was nothing of the
I sort. The Southern people, with a fine
appreciation of its melodious catch line,
simply adopted it after it had been writ
ten by a Northern man. Dan Emmett. for
Bryant's minstrels, two years before the
war and in the city of New York. But
Mrs. John Wood introduced it into New
Orleans in 1861. when Susan Denin
marched at the head of a hand of zouaves
on the stage of the Varieties, singing "I
Wish I Was in Dixie!" The audience
went wild with enthusiasm, and from
that time "Dixie" became to the South
what the "Marseillaise" is to France. It
was the Washington Artillery that had
the time aranged to a quickstep. Carlo
Patti was the leader of the first orchestra
that played "Dixie."
The new song will grow spontaneously,
taking its author by surprise. It will not
be the result of any fine meditative line of
thought, but an eruption of bottled-up en
thusiasm that fills an atmosphere with
the smoke of genius. When that has
cleared the crystallized poem with its at
tendant music will be th^re. There are
■oldiera and soldiers — soldiers of pence
and soldiers of war. He is a soldier who
can make a song to quicken the pulse
and nerve the heart that is going into
battle, who can help lift lagging feet by
the march of hl« tnurtc— -M. L. Rayne
in Chicago Times-Herald.
WITH THE HUMORISTS.
She — Yes, it is the province of women to
suffer in silence.
He— Tn silence? That must be suffering,
indeed.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
The Colonel— Hey, waitah, what's been
In this glass?
Waiter— Nuf fin', sah. 'cept wattah.
The Colonel— Wai, rinse it out.— Truth.
"What is the difference between an op
timist and a pessimist?"
•'An optimist believes in mascots and a
pessimist in hoodoos."— Indianapolis Jour
nal.
The horrors of war would be bad enough
For any nation to brook,
But, to add to our grievances, Stephen
Crane
Has published another book.
Clara— Mr. Castleton asked me at what
time you were likely to be alone, as he
wanted to call on you.
Maud— What did you tell him?
Clara— l said any time.— Life.
Johnny-Wot! You fit wif Mickey Du
gan? W*y dat feller don't know wen
1 Tommy— Mebbe he don't, but. by jocks.
I'll bet"l made him have suspicions.—
Puck.
Jobson— Just see how hard Dobson Is
working at beating that carpet.
Mrs. Jubson— Yes. Mrs. Dobson sets
Mm at work at something of the kind just
after he reads the war news in the
papers.— Brooklyn Life.
"Mr. Fizzington is quite a linguist, isn't
he?"
"I never knew it.
"Oh, yes; he talks three languages.
"What are they?"
"Horse, baseball and golf.
"McGuffin thinks he has more bad luck
than any man living."
"Any special instance?"
"Yes- if he happens to have a counter
feit half-dollar it is always the one his
wife picks out to leave in his pocrtet. —
Detroit Free Press.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE NEW YORK— Canyon. El Dorado
County, Cal. The United States vessel
Now York is an armored cruiser of thet
first class.
ROAD MAPS— Road Rider, Santa Cruz,
Cal. Road maps of California and of
Texas may be obtained from the United
States Geological Survey in San Fran
cisco.
TEMrERATI'RE-S. T. W.. Eureka.
Cal. The difference in temperature in
San Francisco in sun and shade, as
shown by exposed thermometers, is about
27 degrees.
MINT FENCE— S. A. M., City. The
reason for the style of fence around the
United States Branch Mint in this city
is that, according to those who had it
placed in position, it is ornamental.
ADELINA PATTI— \V. and N. N.. City.
The last time that Adelina Patti was in
San Francisco was in IS9O. She came
here with the Italian Opera Comnany
that opened at the Grand Opera House
on the 10th of February of that year and
played a two weeks' engagement.
MAILS FOR THE NORTH-H. C. City.
The next mail for Dawson will leave on
the 15th inst., and then mails for that
place will leave at intervals of a month
during the open season. Newspapers and
small packages of mailable matter not
exceeding four pounds can go through the
mails.
PORTER HOUSE STEAK— J. 8., City.
The porter house steak is a choice cut cf
the beef between the sirloin and the ten
derloin, the latter being the undercut. It
is supposed that it derived its name from
a once popular porter house in the city
of New York, where this particular cut
of meat was first introduced.
TO ENLIST— S., Vina. Cal. If there is
a body of men in your town who wish to
volunteer for the war, let them make the
offer to Captain F. L. de Carrington U.
S. A., Presidio, of San Francisco, who is
now mustering volunteers, or communi
cate with "The Recruiting Officer, L. S.
A., Presidio, of San Francisco.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per^lb at Townaend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Special Notice.
Those troubled with dandruff and Itch
ing scalp mail this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smiths' Dandruff Pomade, For
sale by all druggists^ •
Last week we received 67 new patterns
of moldings for picture frames, Flemish
and Old Dutch Oaks, Bone Ebony, Grays,
Persian Greens. Seal Browns, Mahogany.
Cherry Natural Raw Woods and Fine
Oolden 'Lacquers. These are now on sale.
Sanborn Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
In Hungary whisky is distilled from
turnips, maize, potatoes and molasses.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlaslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th»
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay.
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st..
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Gle-nwood Spgs. Colo.
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS ARE
sold on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn,
raising of * th» ■■ food, distress : after eating or
any form of dyspepsia. One little tablet gives
Immediate relief. ;At No Percentage Phar
macy.' . .TO-NIGHT THE MASONIC FESTIVAL OPENS
Arrangement of the Booths Where Entertainment Will Be Offered for
the Friends of the Widow and Orphan.
THE Masonic festival for the benefit
of the Widows' and Orphans' Home
at Decoto opens to-night at the Me
chanics' Pavilion. All arrangements
have been completed, and when the dcors
opened all the booths wi.i be ready
for the reception of visitors. A big force
coratora were quietly working all
: day constructing tne booths, and
when they quit for the night a marvelous
change had been made In the interior of
the big barn-like building.
Just to the left of the main entrance
will be the booth of King Solomon's
Lodge. It will be conducted by
the ladies of King Solomon's Chap
ter, Order of the Eastern Star, un
der the direction of Mrs. C. L. P. Marais.
The feature of the booth will be a wheel
of fortune. Numerous prizes of valuable
articles will be given. A raffle
will aiso he conducted, for which there
will be about two hundred prizes, consist
ing of articles ranging in value from $50
to $3. Musical and literary entertainments
will also be given.
In the Grove and Polk street corner of
the building will be the booth conducted
by the ladies of Fidelity Lodge. The fea
COURSING AT
BOTH PARKS
The Short Ends Continue
to Surprise the Union
Talent.
Rusty Gold Wins the Stake
Race From Royal
Buck.
Some Sensj»tion*l Racing to Bo Soen
at the Ingleside
Park.
Again the talent received a dumping at
the Union Coursing Park. Everything
went well with the favorites yesterday
morning, but in the afternoon the short
enders asserted themselves and some big
surprises were in store for the leashmen
who play altogether on form.
Rusty Gold won the stake, a strong fa
vorite throughout the day. The first big
surprise was in the first ties, when Con
ley won an easy race from Fear Not, a
favorite at Bto 1. On Saturday Fear Not
was backed off the boards and yesterday
was made a strong favorite, but in the
race with Conley he was not in it from
the slip. Kingston, Sylvanus and Royal
Buck, all short-enders in the first ties,
took the money. Sportsman won from
Conley at 2 to 5 and Hercules from Tod
Sloane at the same price. Hercules also
beat Sylvanus, 1 to 2. The great surprise
of the day was the victory of Rappahoe
over Royal Buck in a bye. Rappahoe
sold at I to 5, and at no time was the
Buck in the race. .
The crowd was an exceptionally large
one for an ordinary day and the betting
brisk both in the morning and afternoon.
The complete results are as follows:
First ties— P. Gorman's Kingston beat Sim
mons & Donahue's Moore's Prescription; : E.
Scott's Lord Byron beat Curtis & Son's Mc-
Klnley; D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold beat W. C.
Glasson's Terrona; W. H. Hinchman's Chlqulta
beat Seller & Well's Sharkey; George Whit
ney's Theron beat E. V. Sullivan's Blackstone;
S. E. Portal's Laurel wood beat Pasha Kennel's
Arapahoe; S. E. Portal' At Last beat J. M.
Lettlch's Glen wood; Curtis & Son's Cavalier
beat F. P. Courtney's The Turk; E. V. Sulli
van's Royal Buck beat Curtis & Son's Chartist;
J. rvmr Tta ' t Sweet Lips beat X. J. Burke' •
ture of it will be a race track. In the
ring will be conducted all kinds of games
of chance. The ladies who will have
charge of the booth will be dressed in
Jockey costume.
The Cuban booth, which will be con
ducted by the ladies of Ivy Chapter. Or
der of the Eastern Star, will be one of the
most attractive booths in the building.
It will be draped with Cuban and Ameri
can flags and only first-class Cuban cigars
will ue sold. The ladies in charge of the
booth will be dressed in white, with sashes
of Cuban colors. Entertainments -will be
given daily, with a complete change of
programme each day. Mrs. Susie Dow
will be the matron in charge of the booth
and Mrs. Heuer Wilson will have charge
of the entertainment.
The Scottish Rite booth will be the
most handsomely decorated booth of
them all. On the walls will be scenes
historical of the origin of the Masonic
order.
The programme for the entertainment
to-night is as follows:
Grand march by the ladies of the Booths at 7:4"..
Music— "Songs of all Nations" ..Bennett's Band
George W. Bennett, Director.
Patriotic melodies Bendix
Address of welcome Mr. Charles L. Patton
Little Pete; S. Hanson's L. S. Conley beat E.
V. Sullivan's Fear Not; J. McNeil' i Sportsman
beat Simmons & Donahue's Amorita; A. John
son's Tod Sloan beat Mealy & Callaghan's Sky
light: Larkey & Bock'a Herculea beat Ryan &
Ryan's Montana: J. J. Edmonds Move On beat
W H. Hinchman's Clipper; W. C. Glasson's
Sylvanus beat E. V. Sullivan's Mercy May; A.
J,.hns.in's Mountain Beauty beat C. S. Young's
Tip; B. & S. Kennel's Bad Shot beat D. J.
Healy's Pastime.
Second ties— Lord Byron beat Kingston ;
Rusty Gold beat Chlquita: Theron beat Laurel
wood; At Last loft a bye to Fireball; Royal
Buck beat Sweet Lips; Sportsman beat Conley;
Hercules beat Tod Sloan; Sylvanus beat Move
On; Bad Shot beat Mountain Beauty.
Third ties— Rusty Gold beat Lord Byron;
Theron beat At Last; Royal Buck beat Sports
man; Hercules beat Sylvanus; Bad Shot lost
a bye to Lissak.
Fourth ties— Rusty Gold beat Theron; Royal
Buck beat Bad Shot; Hercules lost a bye to
Fireball.
Fifth ties— Rusty Gold beat Hercules; Royal
Buck lost a bye to Rappaho*.
Final— Rusty Gold beat Royal Buck.
AT INGLESIDE
There was royal sport at Ingloside
Coursing Park yesterday. The fleet hares
and well-conditioned hoi/ids, together
with the even drawing of the card and
excellent management, gave the 4000 peo
ple present an opportunity to witness
some of the finest racing of the season.
Several of the courses were exceptionally
long, and the two "grandstand" finishes
raised the enthusiasm of the crowd.
Yesterday was the second anniversary
of the inauguration of coursing at Ingle
side and the purses paid, amounting to
$775, as compared with those of two years
ago, which summed up only $150, are evi
dence of the increased popularity of the
great Irish sport on this coast.
The betting was heavy on each of the
events on the card, and the backers of
"long shots" proved themselves the best
euessers. The final in the all-aged stake
was won by J. Dean's Connernara, beat
ing Lynch & Maher's Mystic Maid. Deck
elman & Panario's Royal Oak beat Cronin
& McDonald's Thornhill In the final
course of the puppy stake. The result of
the day's racing is as follows: „
ah. Aired Stake— & Thompson's High
Born Lady heat J. Shea's Firenzi; F. Me-
Comb's Oiein beat Kay & Tram's Cross Patch:
P Brophy's Benicia Boy beat Larkey & Rock s
Myrtle- D Ford's Bonlta beat Dillon & Rellly's
RiViit Bower: J. Dean's Connemara beat Kay
£ Tram's Eclipse; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal beat FMurane's Van Kirk; P. J. Ruch's
Van Needa beat Kay ft Trams Sylvia; B.
Dougherty's TessJe Fair beat W. M. O' Neil's
rmmlseMe' Lynch & Man's Mystic Maid beat
j^Cormlck' y White Lily; J. Murane's Flah
lleht beat Deckelman & Panario's Glen Roy;
Tames Burns' Occidental beat D. Shannon's
Si^afca- J. Dean's Nellie Conroy beat D. Shan
" slconX'ue's^Oleln beat Hi*h Born Lady: Bo
nlta beat Benicia Boy: Connemara beat Prince
Ha?- TeVsle Fair beat Van Xeeda: Mystic Maid
beat Flashlight: Occidental beat Nellie Conroy.
Third tif/-Oleln beat Bonita; Connemara
hpit Tesßie Fair; Mystic Maid beat Occidental.
Fourth tles-Connemara beat Olein; Mystic
M Conn*mara by bWt Mystic' Maid in the final.
Puppy Stakes, first tles-Cronln & McDonald's
Thornhill beat Dillon & Rellly's Dauntless; G.
H Burfe ind^s Royal Prize beat J. Shea's Rath
tame^ D«ckeiauu» & Panario's Royal Oak beat
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
Address by the Grand Master of the Grand
Lodge of California Mr. Thomas Flint Jr.
National anthem, "America"
By children of the public pchouls, under
"the direction of Mis? EstHle Carpenter.
Assisted by Mrs. N. A. Wood and Misses E.
J. Morton, I. R. Strauss, Frances
Lewis, Esther Pimms and L.
C. Wade.
Oration Rev. Jarob Voorsanger
"Ha! 1 Cal I f ornla"
By children of the public schools
Scenes from "Faust" Gounod
Duo for cornets, "Swiss Boy" Bent
By Misses JVarl Noble and Alice Mitchell.
"Serenade" MoakowsH
Fancy Dance Minuet <if Mozart- Ladies of
Mount Mortal] Lodge No. 44. P\ & A. M. :
Mrs. William E. Bayer, Miss Fannie Eber
hart, Theo. Froltch, Natalie Baroaky, Miss
Florence Coomb, Messrs. Jame* A. Christie,
Joseph Eber. James A. Shute. Henry Wallace.
Arranged and danced under the supervision of
Waldron W. Anderson and Fred B. Wehe.
March, "Masonic Festival" Bennett
Orpheus overture Offenbach
Pigeon Danee — Ladies of the I'oßtoffice Booth:
Misses Alice C. Yoorsanger. Alice Bruce.
Minnie Brune, Rpgina Plngeman, Almee Cel
larlus, Maude Hp.as. Stella Goo-.lmun. Emma
ProFPk. Tlllie uhlandt. Belle R&pp, Mamie
Voorganger. Assisted by Messrs. Fred Ham
mersmith, Harold Warwick, J>=\«se Kutz, Os
car Meussdorffer, Edward Schnutenhaus, 6s-
Car Gantner, Arthur Moussdorffer, John
Placeman, Jason Gould, Paul Westerfeld.
Hardy Celiarius. Dr. Brady, Merritt Robin
son.
"Star Spangled Banner".. Chorus by audience
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell; F. Murphy's
Obediah beat J. McDonald's White Winers; J.
Murphy's Dempsey Lass beat E. Wilson's Mag
nesia.
Second ties— Thornhill beat Royal Prize;
Royal Oak beat Obediah: Dempsey Lass ran
a bye.
Third ties— Thornhill beat Dempsey Lass;
Royal Oak ran a bye.
In the final Royal Oak boat Thornhill.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES
T-OS ANGELES, May B.— As usual
coursing- was the attraction at Agricul
tural Park to-day, and there was a good
crowd out to witness the sport. It was
a good day for the favorites, although
there were a few surprises when the har e »
ran short.
In the run-offs Romeo beat I^ady J F C;
Stella beat Sir Jtuywr after a tie; Doncaster
beat Bri(iht; Van Bruelle beat Sport McAllis
ter; Reliance beat Maid of Erin; Queen J beat
Little Tycoon; Ormonde beat D B & B; Sam
beat Joe: John Mitchell beat Blue Chief; Ori
ental beat Van Tralle; Lady Wallace beat Big
Bill: Daisy C beat Fly; ABC beat Move On
after a tie; Grazpr (formerly Canon Prince)
beat Fleetfoot: Corbett beat Ori>heiim Lass;
Kitty Scott bout Ebony Queen.
In the first ties Romeo beat Stella: Van
Bruelle beat Doncaster: Reliance beat Queen
J; Sam beat Ormonde; oriental beat John
Mitchell; Lady 'Wallace beat Daisy C: Grazer
(formerly Canon Prince) beat A B C: Kitty
Scott beat Corbett.
In the second ties Reliance beat Romeo: Van
Bruelle beat Sam; Oriental boat Lady Wallace;
Grazer (formerly Canon Prince; beat Kitty
Scott.
In the third tiea Van Bruelle beat Reliance-
Oriental beat Grazer.
In the finals Oriental beat Van Bruelle with
Van Bruelle second. Grazer third, the rest
divided.
SOCIALIST LABOB CONVENTION.
Candidates Nominated to Attend
Their State Convention This
Month.
At a convention or party meeting of the
Socialistic Labor party yesterday after
noon the following delegates to the State
convention, to be held in this city on
May 28, were elected: EdelHecht. M. W.
Wiiklns, George Speed, Oliver Everett,
G. B. Benham, H. Wamecke Jr., E. W.
Carpenter, Cameron H. King Jr., V.
Britton.
The convention which the foregoing del
egateS will attend is the city and county
nominating convention, which will name
candidates for the general election In
November. It is said that the Socialistic
Labor leaders are in favor of nominating
a full ticket without any fusion with
other parties.
Lost His Brother.
Thomas Mahon, 535 Twenty-fourth
street, Oakland, asked the assistance of
the police yesterday in locating his broth
er Andrew. He arrived in Oakland on
April 29 from Arlington, Mass., where he
had been employed as a laborer. He left
his brother's house that night for a walk
and has not since been seen or heard of.
He is 21 years of age, 6 feet 9 inches tall,
smooth face and stout build,
FUNDS FOR
RED CROSS
NEEDED
An Urgent Appeal for
Money for the
Hospitals.
Delicacies and Stimulants
Craved by the
Sick.
The Orpheum Performers Ar
ranging a Monster Bene
fit for Thursday.
EAGER TO AID THE FUND.
Berkeley, Oakland and Alameda
League* to Start Sub
scriptions.
Subscription lists for the benefit of
the Red Cross fund will be in circula
tion bright and early this morning. An
energetic committee of ladies is behind
those lists and they will make a vigor
ous campaign. Subscription lists will
also be kept on the counters of each of
the six leading daily newspaper offices
of the city. Money is needed and need
ed most urgently.
Many things have to be supplied the
California volunteers before they
should be permitted to go away to Ma
nila. Nine thousand dollars are wanted,
and that sum should be in the hands of
the treasurer by Wednesday night to
do the most good. The collection com-
APPEAL FOR AID.
The Red Cross Society of California asks assistance in raising a fund to
provided such articles for the care of the sick and wounded soldiers and sail
ors as are not nrovided for by the Government of the United States.
The society finds it necessary to raise $10,000 immediately, and Is confi
dent the people of San Francisco and vicinity will respond nobly and
promptly to the call.
Our brave boys in blue are offering their lives for their country s cause
and they must not be permitted to suffer.
Subscriptions will be received at the headquarters of the Red Cross So
ciety, 203 and" 204 Claus Spreckela building, and at the business office of The
MRS. "W. B. HARRINGTON. President Red Cross Society.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL, Chairman Executive Committee.
MRS. F. G. SANBORN, Chairman Subscription Committee.
mittee is not going to lose a minute,
and all the extras to the supply of med
icines and equipments given by the
United States Government that Sur
geon General Hopkins called for will
be provided.
The 2000 men who went into camp on
Saturday are already giving the hospi
tal corps a busy time. Yesterday there
were forty-seven patients treated at
the hospital tents, and from that some
idea can be gained of what the needs
of the men will be when they are put in
camp in a tropical climate and provided
with food totally different from what
they have been accustomed all their
LEADERS OF THE ORPHEUM ORCHESTRA
All the Musicians of the Popular Theater Ready
to Aid the Red Cross Fund.
THE MINISTER
AND THE WAR
Rev. W. H. Rader De
fends Free Speech in
That Regai\a
Says That There Should Be
Less Pugilism and More
Patriotism Here.
The Soldier and Battleship as Sacred
as the Preacher and. tho
Pulpit.
"The American Pulpit and the War"
was the subject on which Rev. William
Rader discoursed at some length last
evening. Dr. Rader, in his remarks, did
not defend sensationalism in the pulpit,
but contended that the minister had as
much right as the editor to express his
views on me subject. He also said he
thought the soldier, during time of strife,
is as sacred as the preacher, and th«
battleship as sacred as the pulpit. He
lives. Should the men never get a smell
of powder or hear the whistle of a bul
let there will be much that the Red
Cross can do to ease the sufferings of
those who are called away.
In addition to the medical supplies
that the Surgeon General asks for to
add to that provided by the army regu
lations of the United States, there will
be much that will be acceptable.
Canned and preserved fruits, beef ex
tracts, stimulants and all the delica
cies the sick crave for will be wanted in
great quantities. Donations of goods
of that sort from merchants, manufac
turers and producers would be accept
able by the committee and they will
all be added to the hospital stores of
the troops that go away from this
coast to assist Admiral Dewey in the
possession of the Philippine Islands,
EAGER IN
CHARITY'S CAUSE.
Berkeley's Red Cross So
ciety Sets to Work With
Patriotic Vigor.
BERKELEY, May B.— The spacious au
ditorium of the Frst Congregational
Church was crowded to its utmost ca
pacity this afternoon at the meeting of
the Berkeley Red Cross Society. The
meeting was presided over by Professor
Warring Wilkinson, vice-president of the
society. Several vacancies were filled in
the list of officers and committees, C. A.
Noble was elected corresponding secre
tary, vice James Bunnell, resigned; Mr.
Lipman vas made chairman of the
finance committee, to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of Father
Phillips. Mrs. E. H. Davenport and Mrs.
C. C. Plehn were added to the materials
committee and Mme. F. V. Paget to the
nurses' committee.
Professor Thomas R. Bacon made a
Btrong appeal for funds with which to
provide bandages and various comforts
for the soldiers who are to leave for the
Philippines. The Berkeley society hopes
to raise at least $600. The audience re
sponded to the appeal with a generous
contribution. _ _
Rev Robert Mackenzie of San Fran
cisco 'spoke cm the Red Cross movement
and the universality of its work. "The
Red Cross movement." he declared, "is
not an appeal for soldiers, our country
has plenty of soldiers, but an appeal for
men who 'will follow the soldiers to dress
their wounds, to minister to their needs
and to revive the discouraged; and the
war we are now engaged in is a war not
of conquest, not of self-defense, but a
war of altruism."
Professor Thomas R. Bacon urged the
Importance of the part the Red Cross
Society must take in caring for the
wounded during the war. "Spanish medi
cal administration Is as crude as Spanish
naval administration," he declared, "and
judging from recent events the wounded
of both sides will have to rely for help
not on Spain, but upon us."
Chaplain Wallace of the United States
Navy spoke in vigorous terms of the
principles involved in the war, which he
declared is the most glorious and based
upon principles more just and grand
than any war ever fought. He declared
that the war for Cuban independence
should have been fought twenty-four
years ago.
"By forcibly preventing filibustering In
Cuba during these years." he said, "we
have practically aided the Spaniards in
withholding freedom from the Cubans,
and now it is time Indeed for us to right
matters."
declared it would be better if there wfre
less pugilism in San Francisco and more
patriotism.
A synopsis of his sermon follows:
What should be the attitude of the pulpit
toward the war, is an important question raised
by many thoughtful people. In answering the
question I do not presume to defend but to in
terpret the pulpit.
The sermon is not a delicate expression of
truth; it has been the Instrument of power.
It is a sword which has Hashed in many bat-
The preacher is a citizen. Moses preached
the decalogue, the prophets preached their
messages of fire; Jesus erected his pulpit un
der the open sky, and upon the decks of fish-
Ing boats. Paul made hiils and prisons his
rostrum, and Savonarola, Peter the Hermit,
Bernard of Clairvaux, Beecher and Spurgeon
and Brooks stood in the great crisis and
preached their sermons.
The pulpits of Philadelphia fired the morning
gun of the revolution, and during the civil
war the pulpits of the North cannonaded the
conscience of the South.
The American pulpit has always been patri
otic Bishop Simpson was the adviser of Lin
coln and Henry Ward Beecher faced eggs and
opposition in England. Last week three cheers
were given In Dr. Behrend's great church in
Brooklyn, and Dr. Griggs' sermon in the La
fayette avenue church was followed with a
most remarkable demonstration of patriotic
approval. Dr. Storrs, the most eminent Amer
ican preacher, delivered a strong sermon in
defense of the President and the administra
tion and nearly every prominent divine in the
country answers to the policy of the Presi
dent Every clergyman in this city who has
favored the war has been abused by Irre
sponsible parties.
The Gospel is composed of Ideals; w«u" is a
CASTOR IA
For Infants and Children.
reality. It is the national surgery. The Gos
pel does not defy force.
War has always been regarded as an Instru
ment of God. Warriors have been worshiped,
and the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" is
sung more often than "Rock of Ages." It was
believed in olden times that the starry hosts
enlisted in the armies of the chosen people.
John Ruskin see? the torn remnant of a pre
cious canvas against the roof and uses it as an
illustration of the evolution of great art. Lord
Wol»eley said of the soldier: "He must believe
that his duties are the noblest that fall to
man's lot." "As much as lieth in you," says
Paul, "live peaceably with all men."
I submit that peace wag exhausted between
Spain and the United States. War for the de
fense of liberty for the oppressed, and for po
litical righteousness is right, or the brother
hood of man is wrong.
Among the duties of the pulpit in such a
war I should mention the interpretation of the
moral grounds, and a candid statement of thes
grounds. In war. lines between the sacred and
secular are destroyed. The soldier is as sa
cred as the preacher, and the deck of a battle
ship as sacred as the pulpit.
The minister must get down from his pedes
tal, and so must every man who lives amone
his ideals. He must face the facts. It is good
to cry peace, but not when there is no peare.
No question of biblical criticism is as im
portant as the outcome of this war. The pres
ent Gospel is the Gospel of the principles In
this conflict. Let us not have jingoism, but pa
triotism. It were better if we had more pa
triotism and less pugilism In Pan Francisco.
The pulpit has Just as much right to speak oti
this question as the editor. Any man who
would muzzle it alms a blow at free speech.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Prescott Lodge has a set of officers who
cannot get rusty in the work, as they
have to initiate at every meeting. Two
applications were received last week.
Center Lodge expects to have seven
candidates to Initiate at Its next meet
ing. The grand officers have been invited
to perform the work.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited An
chor Lodge last Monday. This lodge will
initiate five candidates at its next meet-
ing.
At the meeting of Yerba Buena Lodge
last Monday after the business had been
disposed of W. F. Oeding gave a recita
tion in fine style. If. L. Crowe sang na
tional songs, W. S. Pierce addressed the
young men on their duty to the country
at this time, and E. A. Falvey spoke in
a patriotic strain.
Fortuna Lodge received a fraternal
visit last Thursday from Far West Lodge.
Addresses were delivered by John Plaih,
P. D., and E. A. Battis, reporter of the
visiting lodge, anti by Deputy A. A.
Summers and others.
Arrangements will be made next Sat
urday toward a celebration of the anni
versary of the order, its silver one, which
falls on June 30.
ROTAL, ARCANUM.
There was a large attendance at the
last held meeting of Golden West Council.
Supreme Warden Parrish was present.
He is on his way to the session of the
Supreme Council, to be held in Cleve
land on the 18th inst.
The Grand Council in this State will not
be organized until after the return of the
supreme warden.
The reports of the several councils in
this city show an increase, in membership,
and despite war and the cry of hard
times, the order is advancing toward the
front.
Mrs. Thomas T. Roe of Washington
claims to be the first and Mrs. N. H. Van
Sichien of Chicago the second woman to
ride a woman's bicycle, which was done In
both cases in ISS7.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 BUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
— Tuesday —Wednesday
— - — W- : ,
PRUNES— Oregon Italian, regularly 3 lbs
25c, now 4 lbs 25c
TOILET AMMONIA— for the
toilet and bath, odors lavender and violet,
regularly 350 a bottle 25c
HAMAME US— Extract of Witch-hazel—
Half pint, , Pint, Quart,
!sc. 25c. 40c.
GLYCERINE SOAP— "L»" Parislenne"
- brand, imported —
2 -lb. bars 10c » doz. bars $1.10
CORDlALS— Oolgaard's famous Dutch, best
in the world— Curacao, Maraschino, Creme
deHenthe, regularly $1 65 bottle. Bottle $1.35
SPECIAL FOR THE WEEK.
O. K. WHISKEY— With every bottle of
this old reliable brand we will give a
leather-covered pocket flask during this
sale. See them in window. ......Bottle $1.00
lOc Straight Size
CALLE DE ORO CIGARS
Is Better Vales Than Most 124 c Cigars.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
. GOODS SHIPPED FREE 100 MILES.
FOR THE
GOLD FIELDS OF ALASKA !
THE FAST Al BARK HUNTER
Will leave San ■ Francisco for St. Michael
May 16. :.' =
■ The . Hunter Is pronounced by marine sur-
veyors as among the safest and swiftest ves-
sel's sailing out of San Francisco. ;
Low rates of insurance.
For special rates, passenger and freight, to
St. Michael and Dawson City, apply, to ..
H. D. LOMBARD & CO.,
16 California street, San Francisco.
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Teeth Floor, Room IUIS, Claua Spreckeia Hid*.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence. 821 California street, below Powell.
Fan Francisco.
AKXTSEMENTS.
MASONIC FESTIVAL
—IN AID OF THE—
WIDOWS' *«o ORPHANS 1 HOME
Mechanics' Pavilion,
OPENS TO-NIGHT, May 9 to May 14.
- -- ■ • i (■.■',.■.
:. /I General Admission 250. :.
Season Tickets $1. Children lOc.
; Tickets on sale (except children's) at leading
business houses. Grand Chorus TO-NIGHT of
1000 children's voices in "Hall California,"
"America" \ and * 'Star-spangled Banner." '
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND PONY SHOW
FINEST SHOW ON EARTH FOR LADIES
AND CHILDREN. -
CENTRAL F»/\RK.
' Every Afternoon, 2:30; nights, 8:15.
PRICES— 25c; children. 15c.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meetln" '■■■ 1897-98, \ Beginning TUESDAY.
-May 8, to May 21 Inclusive. ■ -.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. ...
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
• FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P.M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00. 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 2 p. m., connect-
ing with ■; train stopping -at the r entrance *to
track. - Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
• Returning— Trains leave \ the . track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and Immediately after the last race.
- . THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre*.
; R. B. '■-■ MILKuY. Secretary. .i>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEATH NESTS.
MUNYON TALKS ABOUT THE
KIDNEYS.,
" Wars and plagues," says . Professor
Munyon, " kill fewer people than diseases
of the kidneys. In health these organs
relieve the system of all poisonous ma-,
terial and dis-
charge It 4§Ufi£Sk.
through the • - -./ a?^™^ Sl
urine. If dis— . iJ. 89
eased the poi- • t^^-W
eon remains in 1 i v-\ Zi
the blood and v!_i>\
Increases by _E_«aiß^
minute quanti- 4&~^Ts3sSr>^
ties, piling up /Y\f &j%v¥is\
atom, by atom, M \ £?*yVflLfjsk
until the sys- JR| IW&Mklk \
tern can no vSffl h l>j%& M&k \
longer resist h o fS^W^Wi^R\
soned. Its ac- M§&* : M / jsfl_L^3
tlon fails and 53 < A-*V-tf/ wF^
dropsy ap- ■&», 4?T ■M 9 fsfe/ ',
pears. ..The. ; ,H1 M I QFI '
nervous system __n___3__rl ';!■ ■» | Es^iJ
is poison**! ml flHflH }'X 'ilk HJ&>t
convulsions are /B,'icWi » 'lf \L-PCl~~t
folio wed by Ssmß'S tli n'm^~P ='
death. . Have /i3Bis H 'TiYdT^
you neglected /Pa '(f}3 4 \w * s£7^~~
your kidneys? MMm W -
Have you been JPIw «\> B
a heavy drink- W .to ¥1
allowed a cold WUntAiwf "*p '
to settle In these organs? Have you
overworked your stomach, liver, or nerv-
ous system, and thrown more strain on
your kidneys than they can bear? No ;
matter what the cause, trust our Kidney-
Cure. It Is the Joint product of tha most
eminent and successful physicians of the
world, and has cured thousands of cases.
" I will guarantee that my Kidney Cure
will cure of> per cent, of all forms or
kidney disease. When the disease is far
advanced and there are other complica-
tions patients had better send a four-
ounce vial of their urine, with full symp-
toms. We will then make a careful
analysis of the water, and advise the
best course to pursue to get well, ab-
solutely free of charge." . C
Prof. Munyon has a separate specnic .
for each disease. They may be obtained
from druggists, and nearly all are 25
cents a vial. Personal letters to Prof.
Munvon, 1,505 Arch Street, Philadelphia,
Pa.,*answered with free medical advic*
for any rll.=!*>n. < >f>. ••;'.'*'•■"•
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great French Pantomirnlst.
FILAR MORIN
And Her Original Company. Including
MLLE. SEVERINE, from Daly's Theater, and
the Waldorf Astoria. New York,
Presenting the Tragic Pantomime,'
"IN OLD J/*F»rtlN'."
In conjunction with FRITZ SCHEEL and
his orchestra of fifty, interpreting the brilliant
music of the pantomime and presenting a. spe-
cial concert each evening. "■•('.
NEXT MONDAY— "THE DRESDEN SHEP-
HERDESS."
EXTRA— DaiIy (except Saturday) at S.
"THE PASSION PLAY."— 26c.
COMING— YSAYE. I
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Beginning: TO-NlGHT— Second Week of Ro-
mance. ■
" The Eminent Romantic Actor.
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company,
Under the Management of M. W. HANLET.
Presenting D'Ennery's
ffVONBARS.
The play will be magnificently mounted.
NEXT MONDAY— "THE FACE IN THE
MOONLIGHT."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— REVIVAL.
The Glorious Naval Drama.
A Play for Americans.
THE ENSIGN.
With its view of Havana harbor, Morro Ca*«
tie, the White House, the big man-of-war.
Strong Cast— Elaborately Staged.
Special Attraction Between Acts.
. THE DRUMMER BOY OF PHILOH.
. And his "flag pictures." - ■
Popular Prices 15c. 25c. 50c
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT and Every Vtlgbt This Week.
NEW FACES AND SPECIAL FEATURES.
The Celebrated Eastern Star.
— FRANK UN DON
In His Superb Dramatized Version of
THE
PRISONER OF
f ALGIERS.
A Gorgeous Sequel to "MONTE CRISTO."
At Every Performance a Grand Contest
Between
Big Jim JEFFRIES^. Jack STELZNER
WAR BULLETINS BETWEEN ACTS. - ] ,
Evening Prices 10c, 25c and 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
San Francisoo Debut of the Charming Com- ;
edienne MISS ISABELLE URQUHART,
Supported by WILMER & VINCENT, in th«
funniest of farces, "IN DURANCE VILE": ,
GRUET BEERS & GRUET, comedy acro-
bats- GEO. H. FIELDING. Emperor comic ■
■luerWs* MLLE. BARTHO. ' transformation
dancer; KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART. new ,
subjects: LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, JOHN W.
RANSOME. HAVES & BANDY, and BOGART .
& " O'BRIEN.
Reserved seats. 25c: balcony, 10; opera chairs
and box . seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
TO-NIGHT. •;■•■•
Our Greatest Success,
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera,
SHIP AHOY!
—UP TO DATE AND AWAY AHEAD—
Great Cast. Correct Costumes.- Superb Scen-
ery.
Grand Naval Bombardment.-
—"DID IT EVER OCCUR TO YOU?"—
New Songs, Dances, Burlesques.
Medley of • Patriotic Air?.
Popular Prices 25 and 500
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. -£; 2M .
I\ I I jl\ /J/ J *A V% Phone.
r\*-4\Jr\i-4JrLL\» - . Main 254.
THE BEST SHOW IN TOWN.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Laugh and b»> merry.
NIOBE !
An up -to date comedy. '
'•>'-*< MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
f>eats by • phone. Main 254.
NEXT WEEK— "Young Mrs. Wlnthrop."
THE " GALLANT SEVENTH "
OF LOS ANGELES
Caught by the anlmatoscope marching up j
Market street, may be seen every afternoon
and evening at
THE CHUTES,
' "VISIONS ; OF ART"— The Great Ellwood,
Melba s Equal, Other "Features.
Positively Last Week of the Zoo.
Latest WAR NEWS Read from the STAGE.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children sc.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
• • . LAST TIME.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM,
• • Child Pianist and Composer.
Q SATURDAY AFTERNOON, May 14, at 3.
Seats at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s music store. ■
C\l VMDI A I Corner of M»«on «nJ
ULUnr-iA _ ddy StrM:i
WAR! WAR! NEW WAR SCENES Morro
Castle; the Maine; divers at work; feeding re-
concentrados; Spanish troops and ships, . with
a host of thrilling Havana war scenes by tha .
Biograph, and a' great olio of specialties. . AD- :
MISSION FREE. . \
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - '-CHILDREN So
Bathing, with, admission, 25c; children, 20a. "
78
CONCENTRATED BASEBALL NOW.
SAN JOSE WAS
BADLY BEATEN
The Boys From the South
Worked Against Too
Heavy Odds.
Phenomenal but Scattered
Playing Marked the Work
of the Visitors.
The Features of the Game as Seen on
Other Diamonds Over the
State.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Manager McGucken and his band of
ball-tossers from San Jose opened up at
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon
with the San Franciscos. and were de
feated by a score of 10 to 2.
Although the sun was most generous
with its supply of light and heat, the
cold wind, which seems to be one of the
attractions at Recreation Park at this
time of the year, was very much "down
East" in type. Furs and whiskers would
in no way be out of place, especially
toward the latter part of the game, when
the wind really had a Klondike appear
ance. It made no difference to the 2500
fans present, however, for they re
mained the entire game, not a soul leav
ing until the last man was out.
The wind was greatly acrainst the
pitchers, or rather against Mr. Iberg,
and therefore it narrowed down to a
proposition as to which club could play
the livelier game.
The San Franciscos proved superior in
that regard, putting up a grand contest
both at bat and in the field.
San Jose seemed to have a chance for
about four innings. Then those hard
hitting "Frisco" boys woke up, and with
a couple of well-placed hits. intermingled
with two bases on balls, a misplay by
Foley—who after stopping a hit stood
stupefied with the ball in his hand—
them four runs. They were never in
danger after this inning, yet kept up the
good work, scoring two more runs in the
fifth Inning and four in the eighth.
"Ham" Iberg, the "great," was in very
poor form, giving six bases on balls, be
sides being touched up for thirteen hits.
The players say that ■"Ham" was so anx
ious to beat the Friscos, owing to the
number of his old comrades now playing j
in th© team, that it made him nervous. I
The trouble, however, was "Ham's" in
ability to locate the plate. He continually
kept giving batters two and three balls,
and then had to put the ball over, when it
was Invariably hit hard. It must not.
however, be overlooked that the "Frisco' |
team as it lined up to-day, is a mighty !
hard club to beat. A pitcher has got to j
be on his mettle when he faces this ag- i
gregation, or th«? base-hit column will be
full to overflowing. They played a superb
game, and there is no reason why they
should not continue to do so. At bat they
are demons, and if they can keep up the
gait they struck in yesterday's game
those Gilt Edge "wonders" from Sacra
mento will have to look to their colors.
In Krug they have a great pitcher. San
Jose made but two hits olf his delivery,
and in one inning he retired the side on
three pitched balls. His speed and con
trol were wonderful, considering the fact
that he had not pitched a game In two
• weeks. If he can keep up the. pace he
struck yesterday Iberg and Harvey will
no longer be his superiors.
The features of the game were the
pitching and batting of Krug, the fielding
of "Blockers" Hanley, who in the seventh
inning let a ball go through his legs with
the bases full, allowing all hands to score,
the batting of Hammond and Egan's
three-base hit. McGucken played the
best game for San Jose, accepting four
chances in the outfield without breaking a
leg. Following Is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Knif, p 4 0 110 3 0
MonahEUi, 3 b 6 0 11110
Murphy. 1 b 8 0 1 0 12 1 0
K. Krus, s. 8 4^l 2 0 2 6 2
Pyne, of 4 2 10 10 Oi
Hearty, I. t 2 2 0 110 Oi
Ea«an. 2 b 62 2 13 10!
Hammond, c 4 2 3 0 6 2 1
Stroecker. r. 1 6 12 12 11
Totals 36 10 13 5 27 16 4
SAN jose. ;*.;•'
ab. R. bh. sb. po. A. E.
HanJey. 1. f 2 11 0 1 1 1
Hanlon, lb 3 10 17 0 0|
McGucken, c. f 2 0 0 14 0 Oi
G. Foley. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
McCarthy, s. s.; 4 0 10 10 2
Greenlnger, 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Kent, c 4 0.0 0 5 2 0
F. Foley, 8 b 4 0 10 2 11
Iberfr, p 4 0 10 11
Weed, r. f ioooooo
Totals 31 2 4 2 24 9 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 0 0 0 4 2 0 4 0 •—
Base hits ...1 10 2 3 14 1 •— l3 '
San Jose 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 0 00012100—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Ibf-rg'. 5: H. Krug:, 0.
Three-base hit— Eagan. Two-base hits — Iberg,
F. Foley, K. Kruß. Pyne. Sacrifice hits—
phy. Hearty. Base on errors — San "Francisco,
4: San Jose, 3. Rapes on balls — San Francisco, I
6: San Jose, 3. Left on bases — San Francisco,
11; San Jose, 7. Struck out— By Iberg, 4: by
11. Krug. 4. Hit by pitcher— McGucken, Han
lon, H. Krug. Passed balls— Hammond. Wild
— Iberg:, 1.. Time of game — One hour and
twenty-five minutes. Umpire ß. Levy.
BEACHCOMBERS LOSE.
SANTA CRUZ, May B.— The Beach
combers again bit the duat to-day in a
poorly played frame. The home team
put up wretched ball and the Athletics
found no trouble in winning. The vis
itors practically won the game in the
first inning, when they piled up a total
of ten runs. Although badly beaten,
the local men outhit the Athletics all
through the game. The score:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
"Williams, s. s 6 4 4 1 2 2 2
Devereaux, Sb 6 3 3 1 3 1 2
Strleb, 1. t 6 0 S 1 3 0 " 1
McGrath, r. f 5 0 1 1 2 0 .0
C. Daubenbis. c 5 0 0 0 6 3 1
E. Daubenbis, c.f., p. 6 0 1 0 2 0 0 ,
Fitzgerald, 1 b 6 0 1 0 9 1 0 j
Balsz p. and c. f... 4 0 2 0 0 2 0!
Arellanes, 2 b 4 1 1 0 0 2 i I
Totals 43 3 10 5 27 11 7
ATHLETICS.
■ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bmlth, o. f 4 3 2 1 2 Q 0
Fltzpatrlck. p 6 3 2 0 0 \ 0
MrLaughlln, s. s 4 3 0 12 4 0
Stultz, 1 b 6 1 4 0 13 0 0
Scott, c 6 13 0 3 10
.Mclntyre, 1. f 6 1 1 1 2 0 0
Hllderbrandt, r. f... 6 0 1 0 1 0 0
Johnson, 8 b 4 1 0 0 > 3 •
A Few Spectacles Seen at Recreation Park,
Knell. 2 b 3 10 0 14 2
Totals 42 14 13 S 27 15 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 001020230—8
Athletics 10 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 o—l4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hltF— Stultz. 4. Thre^base hits—
Strleb, Fitzpatrlck. Sacrifice hits— McGrath.
Knell. Bases on balls— Off Balsz. 6; Dauben
bls, 2. Base on hit by pitched ball— Knell.
Struck out— By Balsz, fi; Daubenbis, 2: Fitz
patrlck. 2. Passed balls— C. Daubenbls. 1. Base
on errors— Santa Cruz. 1; Athletics. 4. Time
of grame — One hour and fifty minutes. Umpire
— O'Connell. Scorer— Flelsig:.
ONE MORE FOR OAKLAND.
STOCKTOX, May B.— Stockton was too
weak this afternoon for Oakland's heavy
batters. Both clubs put up good ball. It
was defeat with honor, and at tne end of
the fifth inning it was evident that
Stockton would have a hard time to play
out even. There was good fielding on both
sides and many of the outs m;L.y In
marked to the credit of the outfields.
Tip O'N'eil told the Slough City boys they
were not warm, and while they tried to
steam up it was a fruitless effort. The
score:
STOCKTOX.
AR. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, lb 4 0 0 0 9 0 1
Billings, s a 4 0 2 0 3 3 1
N. Smith. 2 b 4 12 0 2 3 0
Rice, 1. f 4 12 2 0 0 0
H. White, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Peters, c 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
M. White. 3 b 4 0 0 0 5 0 1
Stewart, r. f 4 0 1 1 1 0 0
Whelan. p 4 0 2 0 0 3 0
Totals 36 2 9 3 26 11 S
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
O'Xell, 2 b 3 0 0 0 14 0
Lange. 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 11
Hardle. c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
f*vk.>s, 1 b 3 3 3 0 16 0 0
Schmeer, 6. s 2 110 12 1
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 6 0 1
Moskiman. 1. f 4 0 2 1 1 1 0
Russell, p 4 0 10 0 7 0
Totals 31 4 7 1 27 15 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 10 2 0 1 •— 4
Base hits 0 0 110 2 0 3 •— 7
Stockton 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 o—2
Base hits 1 10 1112 2 o—9
SUMMARY.
Responsible for runs — Whelan 4, Russell 1.
Hit by pitcher— Sullivan. Sacrifice hits— Rice
2. Left on bases — Stocktons 8, Ooklands 6.
First base on called balls— Off Whelan 4.
Struck out— By Whelan 2. by Russell r>. I'm
plre^Charles Chase. Time of grame — One hour
and 25 minutes. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
A FINE GAME AT SACRA
MENTO.
BACRAMENTO, May B.— The finest
game of baseball played here since the
Gilt Edges walloped the Baltimores was
that between the Gilts and the Fresnos
to-day, and while the visitors won out
by a score of 4 to 3, It was owing to a
lucky bunching hits in the seventh and
not to superior play. The features of the
game were two double plays by More and
Early of the Fresnos, a home-run by
Borland and the phenomenal backstop
work of Mangerlna. Score:
Fresno 0 0 0 1 0 0 3 0 *—i
Gilt Edge 0 0 0 0 2 0 10 o—3
Hits— Fresno 7 Gilt Edge 11. Errors-
Fresno 2, Gilt Edge 1. Batteries— Thomas
and Mangerlna; Doyle and Stanley.
■HANDBALL TOURNAMENT.
Professor Pierre Elizalde Mysti
fies the Local Sports.
The crack local handball players who
patronize Phil Ryan's San Francisco
court at SSS Howard tsreet have been
mystified by the arrival of Pierre Eli
zalde, a French player, who has so far
succeeded in sending three of the best
San Francisco players to grass. The
French player will play the Irish, or
rather th* American game, or he will use
the racquet against their hands and de
feat any two of the crack players In this
city.
This athlete madp his npppnrnn^r> at the
San Francisco court yesterday, and in the
presence of a large crowd walked away
with half a dozen of Phil Ryan's crack
players. He can land the little ball just
where he pleases without the least ap
parent exertion on his part. During the
day George Fishburn, a wealthy railroad
contractor from "Xestle Brae," Sum
merhlll. Sydney, Australia, the backer of
Champion Jones in the handball arena,
was present and expressed his astonish
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Salea 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOEDEES
euoh as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'g PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will auickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remova
obstructions or irrojjulnrities of the sys-
tem and euro Mick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OK CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And haTe tba
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
ment at the alertness of the Frenchman.
In order to give this wonderful athlete a
chance against some of the San Francisco
players a purse of $260 has been put up by
Flshbum and Phil Ryan for a game next
Sunday against R. Linehan.M. J. Kllgallon
and J. Riordan. This game will be played
In the Frenchman's own way with the
racquet; no hand hits will be allowed.
From the preparations going on with
the local players the game on Sunday
promises to be both Interesting and novel,
as it is something ntw in handball In this
city.
The games played at Ryan's yesterday
were :
D. Regun and E. White, 21. 13, 21; P.
Hutchinson and J. Hogan, 14. 21. 17.
L Waterman and K. McDonough, 21. 15, 21;
D. J. Sheehan and J. Pi. Bookman, 16, 21. 19.
W. Manton and G. M>rv>nald. 21. 14, 21: M.
McNeil and P. Stelner. 16, 21, 20.
M. Magrulre and E. Harry, 21. 15, 21; E. Cur
ley and M. McLaujrliUn. 12, 21. 18.
P. Ryan and D. O'Brien. 21, 16, 21; J. Leo
nard and W. Manion, 17, 21, 16.
I). Rodgers and L. Corralne, 21, 15, 21: P.
Stelner and H. Danger. 13, 21. 19.
M. J. Kilgallon and R. Ltnehan, 21, 17. 21;
J. C. Nealon and P. Donnelly, 16. 21. 15.
In a triple handicap game between Pierre
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OFillpJl PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY. ~'M;
BLACK DRESS GOODS \
- - SPECIAL VALUES IN - - <
Novelty Dress Patterns \
"70 Dress Patterns In Novelty Pierola Cloths and of CQ fifl '.
I L Armure Jacquards.....  dl $JiUU ;
Q/I Dress Patterns in Merseretta, Crepons and Poplin «♦ Olfl Cfi *
04- Novelties .....: dl OIUaJU ,
'/JO Dress Patterns in Venetian Novelties, Bayadere gf CIO flfl !
*f and Braided Effects ill OIiLiUU <
Dfj Dress Patterns in Paris Crepons, a decided «♦ 01Q CO <
UU novelty ........;.... dl OIO.OU J
Qfl Dress Patterns in Silk and Wool Grenadines and n\ CIO flfl '
0U Bengaline Novelties... dl OIOiUU <
A magnificent collection of High-Class French Novel- <
ties Grenadines, Bayadere, Matelasses, Silk and CQI ffl CQR <
Wool Jacquards. Exclusive designs QL\ IU 00J <
. . . MOURNING GOODS A SPECIALTY. ... l<
SUITS, CLOAKS, MILLINERY, LINGERIE AND <
CURTAINS ON SECOND FLOOR. v;*
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. <
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE. :<
" For three years I had been suffering from
dyspepsia and stomach trouble, and had tried every-
thing from patent medicines down to the 'hot water'
remedy. Last spring I noticed Ripans Tabules ad-
vertised in the village paper, and bought a package
of Dr. Durant. I had not used more than a dozen
before I felt better. I keep them in the house all
the time and give them to my friends, but I rarely
have occasion now to take one rnysel£",
Eltzalde, the French champion, from Buenos
Ayres. vs. James Harlot and P. Hutcnlnson,
the French champion won the game. Score:
Pierre Ellzalde 20, 21, 21, 21; James Harlow and
P. Hutchinson 21, 1.", IT. 19.
SCOTS HAVE AN OUTING.
Pleasant Picnic of the St. Andrews'
Society at Fairfax Park.
The bright, starry flag of the United
States, the red cross of St. George and
Scotland's bonnie banner floated together
Saturday over Fairfax Park, In Marin
County, and the occasion for this dis
play was the thirty-fifth annual picnic of
Bt. Andrew's Society.
Soon after the picnickers reached the
grounds they formed into family parties,
and at the many tables under the trees
enjoyed lunch. Immediately after lunch
dancing was Inaugurated in the pavilion.
This was continued until 1 o'clock, when
the games were started on a straight
away track. These were conducted under
the supervision of the games committee,
consisting of James S. Webster, William
Watson, J. C. Moffat, Y. C. L&wson, A.
C. Ballingall, J. A. Dalziel, R. D. Col
quhon, J. D. Robertson, Joseph Gray, J.
H. Henderson and Donald Ross, with J.
M. Cumming, Andrew McXair and David
Kerr as judges.
The following were the events and win
ners:
Race for boys under 12— Henry Euler. Robert
Llndsey, John Clark. . __„
Kaee for girls under 12— Elizabeth Smilie,
Grace Webster, Mary Wilkle.
Kace for boys 12 to 16 years — Malcom Camp
bell. James Webster. For third prize it was a
tie between Robert Henderson and Christopher
Foy. They ran again and again and each
time tied again. The Judges admired the pluck
and endurance of the boys and awarded each $L
Race for girls, 12 to 16 years — Maggie Mohr,
Mabel Webster, Annie Rosb.
Three-legged race— William Tomlinson and
James Rolph Jr., Stanley Dollar and Robert
Barr, Peter Lalng and P. S. Moir.
Sack race for men and boys — R- G. Griffith,
Walter Wllkie, Elder Webster.
Members 1 race— James Rolph Jr., F. McDer
mld, F. A. Wllkie. „,
Potato race— J D McGilvery Jr., Elder Web
ster. R. G. Griffith.
Bauchle, or old shoe race — L B. Green, John
McGilvery Jr., S Dollar.
Married ladles" race— Mrs. R. W. Johnson,
Mrs. D. Meyer.
Tug-of-war— Won by the single men, who out
pulled the married men.
At the pavilion there was a contest by a
number of young girls as to merit and grace
in dancing the Highland fling. One of the con
testants was a little tot not much bigger than
a large French doll. Her movements were ex
ceedingly cute and she was loudly applauded.
The prizes were awarded In the following
order of merH: Beatrice Borarde, May Hurst.
Lottie Bocarde, Minnie Hupfelt and Clarisse
Cook.
Run Over by a Bicyclist.
George McDonough. a boy living at 43
Minna street, was crossing Market street
at New Montgomery yesterday morning
when he was struck by a bioycle and
thrown to the ground. B. Oarnngton, IS4
Jessie street, picked the boy up anil car
ried him into a drug store, whence he was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that his upper lip. gum and
nose were badly cut. The bicyclist stopped
just long enough to give his name and
address as I>\{. Fenter. 117 BeaJe street.
New Suits for Divorce.
The following new suits for divorce
have been filed In the County Clerk's
office: Annie P. Eldracher from William
Eldraoher, failure to provide; Kathleen
N. Oonway from H*-nry J. Con way. cru
elty; I^ooncine Quailliou from Josc-ph
yu'ajllou, cruelty, and Annette E. \lc-
Carthy from George J. McCarthy, cruelty.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your' summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuffleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cat
Pamphlets mailed free. ->• • 'c
• -nj-« . An ideal place for rest.
/[Pi.. g __ recreation and health.
/|H||ra^l Naturally warm mineral
ifi^B-litA water in swimming tank
-*■-"■"" »»»»w and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private rig meets
/"^ • ■ train at St. Helena. Round
V *!*•<« /TO trl I'- 7 - Kates, $10. $12, $14
jprins;b a wee * —
M. 0 W. L. MITCHELL,
Manager. Lldell, Napa
S. F. Agent. County, Cnl.
F. Y. OWEN", Claus ■ Spreckels Building.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
JVlonterey County, Cal.
For rest, • health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
ParalsD stands unsurpassed: round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F.. $8; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager. .'
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank nt mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming cilmnte. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
HO W A D put ah p. 0..
lIV TT rtllu LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. • Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office, 613
Market street.
Address ' . MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
Ur.nnn i ftp And 00 * 5 treat-
UIHJIJ LUViV ment go hand in
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bea-
wlck. Slsklyou County, Cal.
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty of milk, ! cream,
fruit and home comforts; $7 to $9 per week;
children, half price. For particulars address
MRS. V. STUBENRAUcH, box 159, Napa. Cal.
HILLSIDE FARM.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk; magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates, $7 to $!> per wok: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. Napa. Cal. .
bJI BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for. summer months; private family;
croquet grounds: large "sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
renlent for business men and families. MRS.
M. HAXSEN.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
Jleeases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $18
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
I. A. HAYS. Proprietor, Lake County.
• DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles ' from , Hopland; ' unequaled ■ soda
md magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages: terms *10 to *12 per week.
relephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor, Hopland. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
lew dining-room, ISO ft. lake frontage: ■ new
•table and livery: boating and bathing -free-
(B to $14 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. P., Lake County. Cal.
SANHEDRIN: HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— the pines: 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve; . beautiful
icenery: pure*' . r: coldest water; good shoot-
ng; fine trout fishing: vegetables from our own
rarden; unexcelled table: home comforts. L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin P. O. V
SUMMER HO/VIE FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, flrst-class family re-
port: cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
:ificial lake for boating and swimming; long
llstance •; telephone: ■ campers" return tickets
52 CO. Send "• for circular to J. ; H. ■■ HA ESTERS
S 1 n wood . . Cal.lggBsßsKssKBl
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
OW OPEN. r . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Bait water bathing and boating. A Fine drives.
; r~>PKINS & CO.. Proprietors, " .;
■■■: Larkspur, Marin ' County, . Cal. •. --: .
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and
of E the E NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Pictaresqna Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 300, well
stocked with trout. . -• -. '
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one of our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the home life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. S5O Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office, Mutual Life building. San-
Eome and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
FREE CAKPINC.
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San. Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATH!?!.
Tepid Swimming i-iake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $13 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
ft If A rtrtft HOT SPKIXGS. Sonomi Co.
\R 11 If II \ Only- 4% hours from S. F. and
VIAriUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery: excellent climate; good trout
streams at door: photographers" room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail: FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE- morning and afternoon stages;
round t#!p from S. F. only $3 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7 -20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
ANGWIN'S.
On Howcll Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40: temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Angwln. Napa County. Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 199
miles: fare. $6 45: daily stage to springs, 9
miles: fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflc*
in hotel: rates, $10 and up: send for book of
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles- from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood .scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars. " f *
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN.& JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
CAL AVER AS BIG TREES.
. Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPERRY. Manager.
JAMES M. HUTCHINGS. Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery street. • .
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious 'limate; pic-
turesque scenery;, mountain walks; pur«
spring water; beautiful drives: pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a 1 short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Ttb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
; ; ■;--->■• Lnlfeport, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing; -. rates reasonable. Addrees FRANK
SCALES and 'A. -M. SCALES. -';. ■••■:■
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation : 1200 . feet; • Relief • for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cal.
LONGWOOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
: City references. Send for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. " SHOULTS & SON.
Napa. Cal. , ■ . - .: '•'■."
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful \ spot In , Lake County; . hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville, Lake County. Cal.- ; V
A MAGIC_ ISLAND !
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
1 carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlets. '
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS;
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all Kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL BPOX IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel:
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per we?k;
roads excellent; good trout ilshing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars Trite W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— I 4 miles from Ukiah;
charmingly located; *,4 mile from the red-
. woods; fine fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure cure
for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
$9 50; terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board. J. H. ORR, P. 0.. Mendocino Co., Cal.
TOCALOMA; Bertrand Hotel; N. P. C. R.
R. ; Marin County. Cal.; first-class . ccommo-
dations at reasonable rates: good fishing:
beautiful drive to Bear Valley. JOSEPH F.
BERTRAND. proprietor; city efflce, 324 Kearny
St.. every Friday, from 2 to 5 p. m. ■
LOW fares to Deer Park Inn!— The most sat-
• isfactory resort and finest trbuting region In
the Sierra Nevada mountains; t>6oo feet ele-
vation. Information and booklet at room 1.
Flood building. San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch. 5
miles from Santa Cruz: plenty of fruit on
the ranch; good table and pleasant surround-
ings. Terms, $5 per week. Address. W.
CRANDELL. Santa Cruz.
WRITE W. H. MILLER, Uklah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Uklah. for livery
accommodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
Beware of Imitations
[■us or$ G > p %
yHorcesfcrsliwetf)
J JOHN DOICAH'B SONS, Aol«T», NEW YORK.
t
THE
1 Jill
WEEKLY
GALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th*
~D News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<=V IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
cJ PAPER ON THE
*J PACIFIC COAST
2— \ ~ / ■
7J The Best \ V _ Mining
°»*» * Telegraphic \/ News That
c»^ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to date
B ■ : — . ""
©^ Not a Line of it Sensational
w or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry. or Uninteresting.
•gj.-- —
C* Bright, Clean, ' A Champion of
_V Thoughtful. Truth.
©) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
©) n ADVOCATES SENT BY
) HOME . MAIL, Sl.s*
©( INDUSTRIES A YEAR.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THE CURSE OF OAKLAND.
Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D., Condemns
Fabiola's Benefit Day at the
Racetrack.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 8.
Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D., pastor of
the First Methodist Episcopal Church,
delivered the following prelude to-night
to hie regular sermon:
"There id no public or quasi public
instituUnn upon which Oakianders
1 roY with more prule than upon our
Fabiola Hospital. It is one of the fair
«b jewels in Oakland's crown Its
growth and prosperity during- the veavs
of its existence reflect the greatest
credit upon its unselfish promoters and
upon the city, which is ever ready, I
am sure, to give it generous and un
grudging support. I have been fami
liar with its work for the past ten
years and have freely borne testimony
to the excellence of its management
and to its high character as an institu
tion. But there is another institution
in the environs of our city which is the
antipodes of the Fabiola, for while one
does a world of good the other does a
■world of evil; while one is Oakland's
blessing and pride the other is its
6hame, curse and disgrace, and it is to
me and a large number of our citizens
a source of profound regret that there
should be any relation between these
two Institutions or that their names
should be associated in any way. The
Fabiola Hospital has everything to
lose, the Emeryville race track every
thing to gain, by an unholy and un
natural alliance even for a single day
In the year.
"I am sure that I need advance no
argument to-night to prove that gam
bling is a vice that is doing more to
destroy our young men in California
than any other, with a single exception
— the drink hahit; and that the worst
form of gambling to-day is that con
nected with the race tracks and pool
rooms. Betting is the soul of horse
racing and a thievish desire to get
money without earning it is the soul of
betting.
"I do not doubt that there are a few
men who delight in horse-racing as an
honest sport and for the sake of the
Improvement in horseflesh that it is
supposed to promote; but the number
of such habitues of the race track is
ii.finitesimally small compared with the
number who frequent the races f or the
6ake of gambling, and dishonest gam
bling at that. How many trials of speed
do you suppose there would be if there
tvere some method not yet discovered
by which betting on the result would
be wholly prevented? And how many
races does anybody believe to be hon
estly run?
'•Everybody knows that the racing
at Emeryville and Ingrleside is a swin
dle from start to finish. There is too
much money Invested to allow- the re- :
puits of the investment to depend upon
chance; wherever there is a pool box i
there is a certainty an:l the rsu*e has j
been fixed, as the Little Pete disclos
ures showed. A tip of a few dollars to !
a Jockey will cause a horse to lose a I
race, especially if he is a favorite upon
•whom the fools have staked. That is i
why sure thing gamblers wear fine
linen and wear diamonds as big as
walnuts and can afford to buy up a i
board of lady managers occasionally
Just as Dick Croker in New York I
bought his way into the swell clubs of I
the metropolis. The truth is that vice
in all its forms — drunkenness, lying, I
cheating, stealing — are inseparable ad- j
Juncts of the racecourse. Human birds
of prey flock to it from under the
whole heaven and gorge themselves to
the full. Hundreds of millions of dol- j
lars are invested in the race tracks of
this country and the gambling enter
prises connected therewith. And it is i
universally conceded that the Ingleside I
and Emeryville race tracks receive
their chief income from the gambling
privileges connected therewith and
cruld net live without them. Why at
pome of the great racecourses the
starters and judges receive larger sal
aries than do the Judges of our State
Supreme Court. The bookmakers at j
the tracks pay the racing associations
$100 a day, and the telegraph and tele
phone companies pay $1500 a day for |
the privilege of sending news from the i
track to the poolrooms all over the
country.
"Now as a crime breeder I unhesi
tatingly affirm that racetrack gam
bling, in and out of poolrooms, is the
worst gambling evil in the land.
"The Louisiana lottery, with all its
ramifications, its vast wealth and pow
er, constituted no such menace to the
public morality, no such source of pri
vate and political corruption, no such
burden upon the commercial prosperity
of the country as does the racing in
terest. In the heyday of its success the
lottery robbed the people of $34,000,000
in a single year, while the chance of
■winning its capital prizes was but one
in 70,000.
"But, according to the New York
Times, the enormous sum of $2,898,372
•was stolen in one year with which to
play the races, to say nothing of the
honest money wagered. It is estimated j
that $200,000,000 is staked annually and
lost upon them. A little while ago the
Clinton ordinance proposing to limit
the- niring season in San Francisco to
forty-eight days in the year was beaten
in the Board of Supervisors by the
same arguments that have induced the
Fabiola managers to stand sponsors for
Emeryville — for the racetrack gamblers,
like hell and destruction, are never
satisfied. And yet Just before that ac
tion was taken Welburn had robbed the
United States treasury to play the
races, and Just following that action
it was developed that Widber had rob
bed the city of $116,000 of its public
funds, which had gone into the insati
able maw of the same institution. And
these are but monotonous repetitions
of the story of January, and Tilley, and
Cassenbohm. and Melville, and Page,
and Flood, and Bcores of others who
have robbed the public treasury or the
cmmereial institutions of these cities
r"ind the bay within the past few
years t->t -> line the pockets of the emi
nently .espectable gentlemen who try
to give their nefarious business a color
of respectability by holding out a gold
en lure to institutions like the Fabiola
Hospital.
"Yes. the racetrack, which is a
greater burden upon our com
mercial Interests, a greater draw
back to our material prosperity
than the dry year and tha war
combined, Is aspiring to Join the Four
Hundred, for Mammon wins its way
! where Seraphs might despair. And it
j proposes to get into respectable society
by the use of a small portion of its ill
gotten gains. A January or a Widber
or a Welburn will steal enough from
the public treasury in a month to en
able it to bribe into silence and con
nivance several great Christian chari
ties, since money covers a multitude of
sins.
"The Louisiana lottery purchased for
I itself immunity from proscription, year
: after year, by building a great library
for New Orleans, by subsidizing the Y.
M. C. A., the churches, the public chari
ties and'the State treasury. But at last
' public conscience was aroused, an non- i
est Legislature and an unbnbable
Christian Governor were elected and ;
the foul thing was banished inH>neot
Its offer to the State of a $25,000,000 (
bribe.
"If Mr. Williams wishes to make a
; donation to the Fabiola, why does he
not do it outright? Why does he re
quire the managers to so advertise and
approve his gambling scheme that they
become particeps crlminis in every j
crime it produces, and so that If their ■
own sons are ruined by it. they are i
estopped from any protest?
"I have no doubt any saloon or gamb- ,
ling hell in Oakland would give the I
ladies a night's receipts if they would |
i stand behind the bar and mix drinks, ;
or preside at the gaming table; and I ,
: should like to be Informed In what re
! spect this De by day is morally on a
I higher plane.
"Here 1b an institution that has been ;
' recently driven from New Jersey, j
1 Rhode Island, Minnesota, Delaware, i
■■ Pennsylvania and Illinois, and coming
to our coast brings from the East a
' horde of human vampires in its train.
:An institution that has impoverished
and ruined multitudes, corrupted thou
sands of young men, and degraded j
; childhood and womanhood. And yet
ou society queens in Oakland take this
moral leper, this pariah, to their hearts \
■ for sweet charity's sake.
"Its charity is precisely like that of
a man who should come to me and say,
: 'you give me $100 every morning, and I
: will give your sick family one dollar :
every evening.'
"Oakland gives the race track at ;
least $250,000 a year, and it gives back
a paltry four or five thousand on con- j
dition that we give it a certificate of
respectability.
•Says the Monitor, the organ of the j
Roman Catholic Church on the coast,
'gambling is rife in San Francisco and
Oakland because the peonle are will
ing to see their women degraded, their
young men debauched and their old !
men dishonored by the minions of hell
whose habi-.^ is the race track.'
"Ladies, th re is a difference in j
money; a $5 gold piece handed you as ;
the fruit of a son's honest labor is one <
thing, but the same coin handed you j
as the price of the dishonor of a daugh- j
| ter would drive you Insane with hor- ■
i ror.
"Blood money is awful coin. Even ■
the hardened Pharisees would not re- ;
ceive it. and even the betrayer of Christ
flung it from his covetous grasp.
"I predict that all the money the
Fabiola Hospital receives from its
Derby day as a bribe to connivance j
and silence will be the most dearly got
ten revenue it ever received, for it will
cost it, I fear, the sympathy .of the |
Christian public and the blessing of i
God." _
MRS. YULE REPLIES.
President of the Fabiola Asso-
ciation Is Indignant.
The announcement that Rev. Dr.
Dille intended to express his views on
the Fabiola Derby day at the race
track drew a large crowd to the First
M. E. Church to-night. Although the
notice of the address contained no hint
of the nature of the criticism, it waa
more than surmised that the Derby day
plan of raising Income would be sev
erely condemned, and the surmise
proved to be correct.
Fabiola has long been the pride of
the charitably inclined in this city. It
has always been the boast of *ac man
agement that the institution Is abso
lutely non-sectarian, is open to all
schools of medicine and that it dis
penses unfettered charity to all who
are unable to support themselves dur
ing sickness. Any attack on Fabiola
is sure to bring forth a defense from
the ladies who manage the institution,
many of whom are leaders in Oakland
society.
Mrs. John Yule, president of the
Fabiola Association, was shown the re
marks of Dr. Dille to-night and was
asked for her opinion.
"I have been president of the Fabiola
Association for many years," said Mrs.
Yule, "and have frequently been called
upon. to explain certain features of our
work, but this is the first time I have
had to meet such an argument as that
advanced by Dr. Dille. I am at a loss,
in the first place, to know why Fabiola
should be singled out for this attack.
Nearly every charity in San Francisco
has been made the beneficiary of a
special day at the race track, and yet,
although Dr. Dille /has been in San
Francisco for the past five years, I
have not heard of his having 1 con
demned any of the institutions over
there for partaking of the generosity
of the race track people. Next week
there is to be a day at the track for the
purpose of raising funds to build a
tunnel through the hills into Contra
Costa County. "Will that project also
come under the ban? Will Dr. Dille
condemn that and say that a curse will
rest on that highway because it was
helped by the racing people?
"Fabiola is not a religious institu
tion and never professed to be. All are
welcome, and its policy is as broad as
the broadest definition of charity.
Nearly everybody in this city helps it.
Among its friends are people of all
creeds, and we have not forgotten that
we were helped some time ap ■> by a lec
ture kindly delivered for us by Rev.
Father Yorke. In this instance we feel
particularly grateful to Mr. Thomas
Williams for making it possible for us
to have such a substantial benefit. Our
best society attends these events and
there is no doubt that much of the
day's proceeds would not be taken in
if it were not for a charitable purpose.
Fabiola does not receive any betting
money, but receives the total gate re
ceipts paid by people to s,e the races.
I am very sorry Dr. Dille has ad
dressed such language to the ladies of
Fabiola. and think our work deserves
encouragement rather than discourage-
Last year Fabiola day netted the hos
pital over $4000.
A Barn Burned.
OAKLAND. May B.— A barn on the old
Dougherty property, situated on East
Twenty-sixth street, near Nineteenth ave
nuewas burned this afternoon. The
premises are occupied by a Mr. Holton,
lately from St. Louis, who was away
driving with his family when the fire oc
curred The structure was destroyed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
NOW SHOWING
THEIR HANDS
Davis and Pardee Each
Has a Distinct Pro
gramme.
County Against the State, and
State Against the
County.
Sine© Lou Brown's Vialt More Has
Been Heard of Hi» Aspira
tions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 8.
Events of the past week clearly show
the nature of the campaign being made
by the friends of the respective gentlemen
who are anxious to succeed Governor
Budd. The next month will probably
show what support Dr. Pardee and W. R.
Davis can expect from this county and
also from the balance of the State.
It is now very evident that the Davis
people are making a campaign of such a
nature as it Is hoped will exercise a
marked influence throughout the whole
of the State, while not neglecting the pos
sibilities of this county. Mr. Davis was
a prominent member of the State League
of Republican Clubs when it was organ
ized in 1596. He is now the president of
the league In this county. Last Friday
night a meeting of the leaders of thee
State league waa held at the Palace Ho
tel, and in some manner or other consid
erable mention was made of Mr. Davis.
One of the speakers, H. A. Powell, who
was a Presidential elector two years ago,
openly complimented Mr. Davis on the
good work he had done in the campaign
for McKinley. Among those who were
present from Oakland were Frank A.
Leach, Murray* Laidlaw and a few others.
Colonel Stone, who presided, threw out a
suggestion of the advisability of the State
Central Committee working in harmony
with the State league for the purpose of
advancing party interests. It was finally
arranged tnat at the convention of Re
publican leagues to be held in San Fran
cisco on the last day of this month a del
sgatlon should be invited from every- bona
tide Republican club in the State. Not a
word was said about Dr. Pardee, and no
cmc from his camp appeared to be pres
2nt.
Another sidelight on this Interesting
situation is found In the fact that Mr.
Davis is president of the Alumni Asso
ciation of the University of California,
and it is his duty to arrange for the an
nual banquet to be held In the middle of
next week. Mr. Davis has pledged that
the banquet shall be a more elaborate
affair than any that have preceded it. He
has named as his committee two dele
gates from each of the classes that have
graduated since 1573. These committee
men have been chosen from all portions
of the State, with the natural result that
the name of W. R. Davis is extensively
circulated. There is. of course, no poli
tics In this, but under the circumstances
the occasion is certainly an opportunity
that has not been neglected. Nearer home
a few genuine Davis clubs have made
their appearance, and there is much spec
ulation as to the influence they will
wield within this county. It is plain,
however, that the Davis people prefer to
recruit strength in the State at large and
hope thereby to influence Alameda
County.
On the other hand the programme of
the Pardee men seems to be to obtain all
the strength possible in Alameda County,
with the hope of influencing the rest of
the State. The greatest efforts of those
who are favorable to Dr. Pardee are cen
tered in local organizations. Feeling con
fident of electing a majority of delegates
to any county convention the Pardee men
are doing all in their power to induce the
County Central Committee to so arrange
the call that delegates to the State Con
vention shall be elected at a special coun
ty convention called for that purpose.
They argue that only by this means can
Alameda send a solid delegation to the
State Convention. In the Seventh Ward
the Young Men's Republican Club has al
ready indorsed Dr. Pardee. The Young
Men's Republican League of Alameda
County has not and will not take up any
particular candidate, but it has passed a
resolution indorsing the convention plan
of electing delegates to the State Conven
tion. Now it is stated that an attempt
will be made to unite the regular Seventh
"Ward Republican Club with the Young
Men's organization in that ward, though
it is hardly likely that the regular club,
which, it is well known, is almost solid
for Pardee, will go outside of its usual
course and accept the indorsement al
ready made by the Young Men's Club.
It is daily becoming more apparent that
L. H. Brown is not without friends in
Alameda County, and he is known to
have some warm allies on the County
Committee. As both Davis and Pardee
are from the same wing of the party, it
goes without saying that there is a large
element that Is anxious to take up a third
man. and Lou Brown appears to be gath
ering them under his wing. He waa in this
city a couple of weeks ago, and since his
departure his name has been mentioned
more frequently. Any estimate of chances
in this county that ignores Brown is not
complete.
Up to the present time the contest has
been carried on in a very friendly man
ner. Nothing has yet been Injected Into
the campaign between these two gentle
men that savors of personalities or petti
ness. Occasionally some Irresponsible has
attempted to get some expression of opin
ion before one of the clubs, which would
have produced unpleasantness, but such
members are no more representative of
the respective factions than were the hot
headed few who turned Colonel Fair
banks' picture to the wall representative
of the Oakland militia.
In the past two years especially there
has been much opposition shown, against
the holding of several primaries, and it
is noticeable that some of those who are
now favoring the holding of the primary
and a convention for State delegates
were among those who one, two and
three years ago were most prominently
opposed u> such a system.
In many respects the contest closely
resembles that of two years ago, when
Judge Frick and Mr. Hilborn were run
ning for the Congressional nomination.
The latest bills for supplying water to
the City Hall, which are based on meter
rates, have set the average citizen to
thinking. Since all water Is of equal
commercial value, whether used for di
luting whisky or irrigating a. lawn. It is
rather difficult to understand why it
would not be fair to producer and con
sumer alike for the Council to authorize
a uniform meter system throughout the
city. There is nothing In the law to
justify such an Intricate system of book
keeping and surveying aa is necessary
under the present schedule to arrive at
the chargeß for water in each individual
instance.
At this time there is a special value set
on water for household purposes, another
value for washing windows and side
walks, another value for visitors, another
value for school children, unother value
for irrigating lawns, another one for
horses, cows, pigs, chickens, bakery
shops, breweries and street sprinkling.
There is also a clause permitting the
companies under certain conditions to
charge meter rates, as in laundries and
public parks. Many of these values have
to be determined by measuring the length
of sidewalk, the superficial area of
houses, the size of lawns, the number of
stories to a dwelling, the number of baths
and closets it contains and many other
calculations.
Again, if a bill is disputed, the dis
putant has to deposit $5, the City Engi
neer has to survey the premises to see if
the water company's measurements are
correct, and if he decides that thoy are
the J5 becomes his.
It is not easy for the average citizen to
understand why all these complications
should be. There Is only one source of
supply to each house or dwelling, as con
sumers find to their mortification when
they neglect to pay their rates. Why is
it not possible to have a meter through
which all the water must pass, whether
used or wasted, and to fix a uniform rate
for all such water? The gTeat complaint
of the water companies is that so much
water is wasted. But by a uniform meter
system, citizens would have to pay for
every gallon wasted and if the companies
are sincere in sending out notices as at
present, that there Is a danger of a scar
city of water it would not seem unreason
able to expect them to indorse so simple
a plan for saving water, for most cer
tainly consumers would practice economy
when they saw its effect on their pocket
books. STUART N. BOOTH.
NO MASONS KILLED.
Captain Joseph B. Coghlan of Val
lejo Congratulated by His
Brethren.
OAKLAND, May 8.-At the stated meet
ing of Oakland Lodge No. 188, F. and A.
M., held on Saturday evening. Brother
Edwin A. Sherman presented the follow
ing- resolution, which was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved. That Oakland Lodge No. 188. F.
& A. M., has received with unalloyed pleasure
the news that in the late naval engagement
between the American and Spanish forces in
the harbor of Manila, Philippine Islands,
none of our Masonic brethren were killed or
seriously injured, and that we congratulate
our worshipful brother, Joseph B. Coghlan,
past master of Solano Lodge No. 229, of Yal-
Jejo, Cal.. the captain of the United States
ship Raleigh, and all other brethren of Commo
dore Dewey's squadron upon being uninjured
in the recent conflict, and that we extend to
our suffering Spanish brethren of the Mystic
Tie (if sui-h there be) among the injured in
said engagement, our earnest fraternal sympa
thy in their misfortune, and commend them
to the kind care of a merciful providence and
the tender humanity of their American cap
tors and the fraternal attention of their
brethren..
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution,
signed by the worshipful master and wardens
of Oakland Lodge, duly attested by its secre
tary, be at once transmitted to worshipful
brother Joseph B. Cochlan, captain of the
United States ship Raleigh at Manila.
IT DISCLOSES
THE HAND OF GOD
True Explanation for Our
Ships Enjoying Such Im
munity.
Rev, V. Marshall Law's Unique) Ex
planation Concerning the Battle
of Manila..
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 8.
At this evening's services at the Church
of the Advent, Rev. V. Marshall Law de
livered an address upon me immunity of
our men and ships from harm in battle.
He said:
Among all the reasons which I have seen
given for the United States troops passing
scathless through the great battle of the Phil
ippines no one. it seems to me, has touched aa
yet the true explanation for our men and
ships enjoying such singular Immunity from
harm In that battle. It has been ascribed to
poor gunnery and worse guns, to over-e.xclte
ment so that the Spanish aim was disturbed
and various other reasons. But to my mind
it discloses the hand of God. Our cause Is the
cause of humanity. This war was not under
taken to satisfy a desire for conquest nor the
desire for an extension of the territory of this
country, but it was undertaken to set the op
pressed, the starving women and children free
from massacre and rapine. As such it is God's
cause, and God always makes a majority for
the side on which he Is engaged, be the forces
great or small. It Is true that in nearly ev«ry
war but this there have been two fairly well
defined sides. Some right could be claimed by
either belligerent. But when our arms under
took to rescue the oppressed, the helplessly
downtrodden and the starved It engaged to do
battle for Christ's little ones. The kins: of
heaven has been with us from the beginning,
and Admiral Dewey's marvelous naval accom
plishment was but the hand of the Almighty,
who by the turn of the currents of the sea
which are in the hollows of his hands has pro
tected our ships as with a hundred armor
plates and suffered not the winds and the
waves to deflect our shot and shell.
At a recent banquet where our Bishop was
present he voiced a reflection which I may
amplify as follows: If when Columbus set
foot on these shores an angel had hovered over
his grandiloquent landing and planting of the
standard of Spain, and had told him In pro
phetic annunciation that In four hundred
years the armies of this new country would
humble that same flag In one mighty battle
on the other side of the globe, and that the
very name of Spain would be a hated by-word,
how impossible would this have seemed to the
haughty Genoese as he looked over our barren
shores, where the American Indian and the
wild beast held undisputed dominion! Here
again is the working of God in history, and
we do well, as you know we have done to-day,
to invoke in this church the help of the 'God
of righteous battles and to offer thanksgivings
for victory in the words of our matchless
ritual, which is never found lacking in suit
able language to express human dea'.re and
thanksgiving for a people who truly love Him
who Is at one and the same time the creator
of the universe and the friend of little chil
dren and helpless women.
Blue Rock Pigeons.
AL.AMEDA, May B.— The Empire Gun
Club had its regular shoot at blue rock
pigeons to-day at Alameda Point, with a
good attendance. In the re-entry race
at twenty-five birds the scores were as
follows:
Jnrete Jr.. 13: Jarete Sr., 14: Betten, 20; Deb
enham 20; Johnson, 20; Pump, 14; Ricklefson,
19,; King, 16; Klevesahl. 22; Sears, 23; Shaw, 13;
Andrus, 20: Colestoek, 6; Lehrke, 16; Slnkwitz,
15; Mitchell, 21; Kerriaon, IS; Fisher, 20; Haver,
15; Lock wood, Ti-Balrd, 12.
The scores In the shoot-off at twenty-five
birds were: First class — Pebenham, 20; John
son, 16; Klevesahl, 19; Sears, 22; Andrus 19;
Mitchell, 20: Fisher, IS. Second class— Ricklef-
Eon, 19: Kerrison, 19. Thini class— Jareta Sr.,
15: Pump. 14; King, 23; L*hrke, 15; Haver, 16;
Slnkwitz, 20. Fourth class — Jarete Jr., S: Shaw,
15; Lockwcod. 13; Balrd, 9.
Sears took first money, $S, and Kerrioon and
Rickelfson divided $6 in the second class. King
won $4 in the third clas3 and Shaw $2 in the
fourth class.
In the shoot-off for the championship medal
at twenty-five birds the following scores were
made: Kerrison, 17; King. IS; Fisher. 11; Fearn,
12; Lockwood, 7; Ricklefson, 20; Andrus, 19;
KJeversahl, 21; Shaw, 10; Lehrke, 13; Jus-
Klevesahl, 21; Shaw, 10; Lehrke, 13; Jus
tins, IS.
In the club high average medal shoot there
were few entries, and the following scores were
made: King, 14; F^arn, 7; Lockwood, 11; An
drus, 12; Justlns, 13; Klevesahl. 18.
Class Day Pageant.
BERKELEY, May B.— The members of
the graduating class at the unlversity
are rehearsing for a unique spectacular
performance to be given next Saturday
afternoon (class day) under the trees in
"Ben Weed's Amphitheater." on the hill
side adjoining the college campus. The
nature of the performance, which will in
clude a mysterious pageant and a class
dispensation, in which graduates and pro
fessors will be joshed, is being kept a
secret. The seniors declare, however,
that the celebration will eclipse all pre
vious class day performances in the line
of startling effects, and that the cos
tumes in particular will create a sensa
tion. The 200 members of the graduating
class will participate.
"Patriotism and Its Lessons."
ALA MED A, May &.— The Rev. P. D.
Bovard. D.D., of the Park-street Metho
dist Episcopal Church preached to a
crowded house this evening, taking for
his subject: "Patriotism and Its Les
sons." Company G of the Fifth Regi
ment, N. G. C; accepted an invitation to
be present in uniform, and the company
was well represented. The choir ren
dered excellent music in keeping with the
speaker's subject.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, IS9B.
Th.
6
19
26
sa.
Moon's Phases.
10
17
3
I
11
IS
13
14
IT
i
©Full Moon.
I W May 5.
' /Xt Last Quarto.*
! May 12.
aKew Moon,
V 5? May 30
■25V
30
cr
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can alway3 be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on T»l»
rrapb. Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United Btate* Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice statin* whether the time ball w«»
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Ie
published th« same day by the afternoon pa-
Der* and by the morning papers the following
Say. J- T. MoMILLAN.
Assistant In Charge.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. Th« word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" ts inclosed with leobara of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce, an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO. May, 8, 5 p. m.
Following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 52; Red Bluff, 90; Sacramento. 88;
San Francisco, 64; Fresno, 00; San Luis Obispo,
72; Independence, 78; Los Angeles, 70; San
Diego, 64; Yuma, 88.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum, 48; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure Is beginning to fall over the
northern portion of the Pacific Coast. During
the past twenty-four hours there has been a
slow rise In pressure over California, Nevada
and Arizona.
The temperature baa risen over all of the
Pacifle Slope except at San Francisco, where
it has fallen 6 degrees. The temperature at
San Francisco to-night is the lowest tempera
ture reported within the limits of observation.
The temperatures in the great valleys of Cali
fornia are from 11 to 15 desrreea above the
normal.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the northwest Is reported at San
Francisco.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 9, 189S:
Northern California — Fair Monday, with
heavy fog along the coast in the morning ;
cooler in the Sacramento Valley; warmer on
the central coast; fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday, with fop
along the coast; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
with fog In the morning; warmer; fresh west
erly wind.
Mount Tamalpals — Clear, calm; temperature,
71; maximum temperature. 73.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY-im
Monday, May K.
Sunrises 5:04
Sun sew 7:08
Moon rise* 11:12 p. m.
l" me Fcetli2ls«
IH W. IL Wi
H W 'L w:
a I u-.w\
10 ' 1:23
111 2:81
12 3:51!
18 6:ls
!l W I
14 1 0:51
16 1:63
lt> 2:11
6.'.i I'M —1.0
6.5 S:l.i — 07
6.1 «:49 —0.4
4.R Jo:4i» 0.1
1.6 11:50 0.5
H W
2.: fi:4o| 4.4
LI T:« *J3
1.0 9:0.i I 4.4
!l
8:»|
4:25
!.:21
6:10
6:50
L W
V.U7
1:87
2:2u
4.4 ( 7:32
4.5| 8:48
4.7 1 10:12
6.0 11:33
5.2
H W
10 7:BV
1.4 8:11
1.8 8.4.
H.I
2.8
4.3
4.4
5
5.5
6.7
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or rißht hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
throe tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus siprn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
MKilli.K.i TO ARKIVB.
STEAM I
City of Peklnsr. F
City of Topeka
Willamette
Empire...
Samoa
San Jose
City of Sydney .
Santa Rosa.
Prosrreso .
Burma
Nortn Fora- —
State or Oai
Curacao
LHktno ;
Ch11kat. ........ I
.Coos Bay-
Mackinaw 1
Senator
Walla Walla...'.
Arcata ;
Crescent City.. i
Orizaba
Oregon...-
P0m0na.......
Allceßlancbard
Homer .......
CoiumDta. ......
I
China and JaDan..........
Seattle
Seattle
Coos li.iv..-..
Hutnboldt
Panama. „
Panama
san Dlrsro... i
Seattle
Nanaimo.....
Hiimnotat ..-...-
Portland. ..................
Mexico
i Seattle..'. *.
Eel River
Newport ...;
Tacoma
P uffßt Sound .
Victoria & Pujjet Sound . .
Coos Bay
Crescent City
HnmooUH
Portland
Pan D1e?0..;
5eatt1e........
Humboldt -.
Portland
May !
May . !
May !
May !
May !
May I
May !
May I
May !
May !
May 1(
May li
May li
May li
May 3
May 1
May 1
May 1:
May i:
May i:
May i:
May i:
May l
May li
May 1
May 1.
I May II
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination^
Columbia.. Portlana I
Acapulco.. I Panama. I
Homer Newport I
Gaelic China&Japan
«&moa Humboldt i
City Puebla I Vie & Vet Sna |
Santa Rosa I San Diesro —
Chnltat Humboldt....!
State of Ca' ! P0rt1and.......
NortaFork Humboldt ...
Coo» «ay.. Newport......
Curacao . . . Mexico .......
Arcata Coos Bay
Oregon .... Portlana
Pomona.... | San Diero —
Walla Will ; Vie & Psrt Sntl :
ATIOX
SAILS.
I Mar 9. in ah Pier 12
I May 9. 12 M PM S3
IMav 9. » asi Pier 11
May 10. 1 PM PM SS
I May 11. 10 am ........
May 11. 10 am Pier j
May 11. 11 am Pier 11
May 11. 3 PMU'ler 13
May 12. lv am Pier l:
May 13. 9am l'ier i
May 13. 9 am Pier 11
May It
May 14. 12 m Pier It
May 16. 10 am Pier IS
May 16. 11 ah Pier U
May IS. 10 am Pier 9
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 8.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 58 hours from
Port L(fs Angeles.
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, 14 hours frm Albion.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Moss
Haw bark R P Rithet, Thompson, 18 days
from Honolulu. ,
Schr Nettie Low, Low, B hour* from Point
Ke>eS - SAILED.
Sunday, May 3.
Stmr Alcazar, Ounderson.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.
Br ship Cambuskenneth, Kendell. Cape Town.
Fr bark Alice, Grcsse. London.
Haw schr Honolulu, Thonagle, Port Towns
en J.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 8. 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SW: velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived May B— Nor itmr
Peter Jebnen, from Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mpy t— Stmr Stata of
California, for San Francisco; Br ship Mist
ley Hall, for Queenstown; star A Blanchard,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed May S— Stmr Washtenaw,
from Tacoma for San Francisco; stmr Lakme.
from Tacoma 'for San Francisco; Haw stmr
San Mateo. hence May 4 for Comox.
VENTURA— Arrived May B— Stmr G Loomis.
hence May 7, and sailed for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May B— Schr Wing and
Wing, hence Apr 24.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed May B— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco: stmr Hueneme.
COOS BAY— Sailed May $— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Lannched May 7— Schr
Erie.
Palled May S— Schr Annie Larsen, for Suva,
Fiji.
SEATTLE— Arrived May B— Stmr Senator, ho
May 4.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May S— Stmr La
Touralne. from Havre; stmr Rotterdam, from
Rotterdam; stmr America, from London.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May B—Stmr8 — Stmr Um
brta, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May B— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON - Arrived May »— Stmr
Koengtn Louisa, from New York for Bremen:
stmr Westernland, from New York for Ant
werp J
•~^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ja^ 5 ! <r > KKAHSY ST. Established
g|*||*^&|n 1554 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2oK*:ABXYSiiT. Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
4s3a»i'_Msj disease wear! bod mind and
bSpJSSSRt^ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
»%Sr>9?Sj'Ji»1 nlbersfall. Try him. Charges low
S_Jba_S3__si l'nrei>|riiarant(»>«. Callorwrltfl.
l»r. .1. V. n. IB tO\'. Box i'Js~.Saa Frariclst^o.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|L_ Steamers leave Broadway
l^^SD>^^ wharf, San Francisco.
. hB^^SX For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
f^^^*l>. May 1, 6. 11. IC, 21. 26, 31, June
&1«?V- ! £t 5, transfer at Seattle.
BK&filWjH For Alaskan ports (from
[j aSSC^OSSd Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
r^*ft,ta&?M M: »>' IS, . June '-■ - - July 17.
Ar.ifUßt 4, 25, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., May 1. 6,
11 16 21 26 31. June 6, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m
May 2. 8. 14. 20, 26, June 1, and every sixth
For &anta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayueos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 6. 9. 13, 17. 21. 25, 29,
June 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa p , ra. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los igeies). 11
a? m May 3. 7, 11, 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Ban»«" Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. iy 12.
June 10. and 2d of each month there"
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, Balling dates
find hour? of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
■^-s__f F^StK-ks * CO.. Gen. A t...
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Foleom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
1 I Ail- $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon Ma 6, 15. 24
Coflmbia....: May 9. 18 27
State of California May 12. 21. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP. i
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags. j
Noordland May lllSouthwark May 25
Friesland May 18 'Chester May 28
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Belgenla.nd May 14|Pennland May 21
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 13.
S. S. Indiana, 3300 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle.
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
1? new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and I
intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
, ,
PBf _O9BB__o The S. S. MARIPOSA
l__|fa«l_B> Falls via Honolulu and
•t** a """ Auckland for Sydney
_ __— -^_ Wednesday. May IS, at
StrMiTlshin^ 2 p. m. ZEALANDIA.
sjwin^ninc) s. s. zealandla.
QJlUHilJlll)-' I *' or HONOLULU only.
lSinRRi?U* Wednesday. June 1. 2
\>»liij/wlvs| p m Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAP-
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
• 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco. !
Compagnie Generals Trcnsaf (antique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North ><~4,
River, toot of Morton st. Travelers •V,?' QTp
by this line avoid both transit by -— ■ ««*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $180;
second class, $116.
LA BOURGOGNE May 7. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m. ;
LA GASCOGNE May 21. 10 a. m. I
LA CHAMPAGNE May 23. 10 a. m. !
L"A BOURGOGNE June 4. 10 a.m. |
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRAN3ATLAN- j
TIQUE. Agent,
No 3 Bowling Green, .Jew York.
J. F. FUGAZI _ CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, SM;
other steamers, $50. ■ . \*
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furnesala. $37 60;
other steamers. $35. . a
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessla,
$24 60; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents. 7
Rowling Green New York; or J. ■"". FUOAZI.
5 Montgomery st. ; or L. F. COCKROFT 114
Montgomery. St.; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. ■ J
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
S Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and i p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier J.
Telejhone. Red 224 L
FOR SAN JOSE. LOSGATQSand SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 6 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Far* between San Francisco and Alviso, 60c;
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jobs. - -.■■-.■
B A_LRO AD teavel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiIJ
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From SepL?aiber 10, 1837, trains will run as
follows: , . • ■ ■ ■ -.
South-bound. : North-bound.
Passen- j Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger j Sunday ' Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. Excep'd. tions. Exoep'd. Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pin
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Viealia 6:40 am 12:40 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired. -..•■-:■-■,-.■■.....■.•.-.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & . I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton :at'6 •. p. m. - dally ; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coultervllle, eta. ;
ajso with stage for ■ Hornltos. Mariposa. etc ;
at La__ers_n with stage to and from Madenu
RAZLROAD TRAVEL.
lODIUKBN I-ACIFIC COJ«rA«X.
(PACirlO H*STaK.)
frxloi leave itutl me due to arrive — •
WAN FKANfIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) |
l»av» — * From April 38. 1888. — AB3 " TB
•Oi«Oa Niles. Sac Jose »nd Way Station*... **«j**
7:O»a Benici*, Suisuu and Sacramento.^.. 10i4Oa.
~iOOa Mary»»ille, OroTilleand Reddiaf t_ _
Woodland s*!«
7zOoa Vacaville and Ruiruey ■:*»?
7:»0a Martinez, Sau Kauion. Vallejo. Napa,
'*«•■! > O»li«to8» and Saut» Rosa r*l5 F
9:00 a Atlantic Kxpresa, Ugden »nd Ka»t.. St4Sr
»iUUa Niles, .Sau Jose. *tooktou, lone.
. . ■Saoraniento. Mary«TQle. Chloo.
TehamaandltedlliufT.: 4ilop
•»:3Oa Peters, Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for To»e_ite) *7il«p
D:OOa Nsw Orleans Kiprea, Meroed, rre*-
-. no, Uakersfleld, Santa Barbara,
lus AHgelrs, Demi -i, El 1*— 'O, • ".*.
New Orleans and East. S'l2 F
1O:OOa .V_lejo. Martlnei and Way Station* ?i4sr
•1:O«»P Sacramento ltirer Steaniort II 1 ? 0 '
1:00p Nile*, Ban Jose and Way Stations. . •»:*3a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... !»:>3a
2:00p Liverniore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia 4>lBp
LlTennore, San Jose, Niles and way
- Stations JIOiWa
Fresno. Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. 12:15p
l:inif Martinez. .Shu lUmon. Vallejo,
• N»i», (JalUtoja, l.\ Verano and
HautaUona »iI»A
4i«or Benicia, VacaTUie. Woodland,
Knights Landing. Mary»Tille, Oro-
»ille ami Saci»meiito 10:43 a
4:80p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il»r-
4:30p Stockton. Oakd_e, Merced l*xl»p
4s3«pOsstle and Lodi.... I»tlsp
4:30r Lattu-up. Modesto, Merced. Herend*
(Kayniond for Yoseraite), Fresno. ,
.M j4vi\ SanU liar barn and ]<os
A iikklvs 7i4l»a
4 lit Op Santa l'"« lluute. Atlautio KxpreM
for Moja'O and Kust «:45p
6:O«>r Rnropeau Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 9«4»a
*6:OUi> Vallejo 18:I»P
SHMIr !l..y»Hi<ln. Ni!.«Bii.l Han .lose 7:43*
i {7:OOi- Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jt*43p
H:tti> i- DrrKoii l':t|>r«ji»,H»criiiiieiilio. M:»ry»-
ville. l!.-.l,li,, , Portland, rngrt
,Si,.nnl ami l-'.H.<t 8«1Ha
' SA.N IiKAMH:t> AMI lIAYWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 : ( 7:13 a
8:00 a Melrose, Semlniiry P*rk, I»»:45a
U:OOa I KU.hburfr, Klmhur.t, 10:45 a
lo.oo* Htcliburtr, Elmhurut, Hil3a
ill:OO\| San Leauilro. South San *? ! 1? p
tl .*. t .° o . 1 ! I™»'lro, Entndillo, ll\\U
iitVoop ■ Lorenio, Cherry ■ t4:43r
4:00p f ' «0:4»p
* n:O»p Md «i!3r
s::t»p Hagr wards. I'liJ'
1»iOOp i Runs through to Nile*. ■_*»„!
«:OOp , From Niles. l*l»Op
ttiiiisp; ' jm ''*■*• I tti»i»«p
COAST I»IV1«IOS (Snrrorr (inuge).
(Foot of M»rkct Street.) '
17i43a Santa Cruz Kjcumioti, Santa Cru«
and Principal Way Stations JBt»Sr
8:13 a Newark. (Jen terville, San Jose.Felton.
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8«3O»
*2sl3p Newark. UenterTille, Ban Jose, New
Alrnaden, Fclton. Boulder Creek,
Hiiita Cruz and Principal War
Stations •1«:5«a
4:1 5 p San Joae.Olenwood k Way Stations »:2Oa
al:!sp Boulder Crenk and Santa Cruz jll:g»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
t*r»in SAD FRt'ICISCO— Fo t of Harktt Strtit (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0'.)A.ll. . 1 1:03 *2:00 }3;M
•t:00 (5:00 •6:00 p.«.
frta OiXLlllD— rtottfßroidwiy.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
tl2:00 '1:00 }2:SO *3:00 |i:CO "8:00 p.M.
COAST DIVISION illroait Mange).
(Third a"id Townsciid Sta.)
*7:OOa .San .lose himl \V H y buttons (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30?
!7::10a Sunday Excursion for Ban Joae,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations J»:B3p
9:00 a Mmi Josta, Tren I'll"", Hituta Cruz,
PadN OroTe, l'aso Hobles, San
Luis Oliinjio, Ousdalupe, .Surf and
Piincii>al Way Stations 4sl«r
lOs4Oa >•»!: ,li>fii! mid Way SUtion* *BiOOa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Wny Stations *8:33 a
; *«:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, .San Jose, Gllroy,
Hnliister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Ciro»e # IO»8«»a
■;i::i<«r San .lose and Way Statioui # 9:00 a
•IsiSp .San Jose an.! Principal Way Stations 9:4 5 A
• .l:(Ml r Sao Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:85 a
•tS»r San Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3op
«::»«!• San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
»ll:4»i- San Jose and Way Stations.., 7:»0p
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. } Sundays only t Saturdays only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
< Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN PRANGiSCU and NORTH PACIFIC
M RAILWAY CO.
Ttknrtra Fairy. Feet «f Market St.
bAA FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEU
i WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 11:18,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trtj
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:51
and 11:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— «:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips) at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:10.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park)
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In effect Ban Francisco.
April 23. .
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. | days. ] Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 an
5:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm f.li pa
Fulton. .-,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 an
Healdsburs;,
Lytton,
*■ -J- ; . Geyservtlle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. \ 7:85 pm| <:_ pa
7:30 ami I Hopland and! 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am| Ukiah. ( 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am "' ' ' " 10:25 am
i 8:00 am Guernevllla. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm _^ 6:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma ' [10:40 am 8:40 an
I ' and
6:10 pm|s:oo pm| Glen Ellen. f 6:10 pm| 6:22 prn
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:2s am
3:30 pm|s:oO pm| I 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weil
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagsrs Springs; at Cloverdale foi
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, KelseyviUe, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartletl
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Uppei
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Height*,
Hullville. Booneville, Orr # s Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*, 650 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RTAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
[f^ga^^af CALIFORNIA
" Bl|^ LIMITED.
i s»iml|H san FRANCISCO
jWfiwUWW| CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flret-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, 3)4
days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New York.
' Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry- San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 152».
Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacramento
office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West Santa
Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
:V" - : . Via S«n«slito Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing Mar 1. U9S,
•. :' - W_EK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •S:00.
•9:80. 11:00 a. m.; '1:45. 3:20. 4:00, 8:16. »«:00.
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and. Sundays at 11:24
p. m. SUNDAYS." r&i
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, •9:00,
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m. 1:00. »1:46, *2:30. "4:001,
5:30, 6:45 p. m. . .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
8:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way rta'r.s,
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na,
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.) — Tomales and
way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta'a,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY."
I Via Sausalito Kerry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May L
.1898:
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
. Sundays— 9 :CO. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. ' '■■-■-. '-->•:..■"■-■ • •,■■-;?.;'
Round trip from Mill Valley. It,
THOS. ■ COOK & SON, Agents, 621 __rk_)
street,. Baa Franclsoo, . ■■ ~n
910
NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
The Only Members of the
Guard Remaining in
San Francisco.
Signal Men Who Are Anxious
to Do a Little More Than
Escort Duty.
The Colonel of the Fifth Infantry
Rested on Merita When He
Offered His Sorvioos.
During the past week but little has oc
cupied the attention of those interested
In National Guard matters outside of the
work of enrolling volunteers from the
ranks of the two regiments, the First and
Seventh, selected to lill part of the State's
<juota in response to the President's call
for men to meet the land and naval forces
c Spanish Government.
There is great satisfaction in the fact
that the rejections for physical causes
•her causes, principally in the First
Regimen:, did not exceed 22 per cent. It
shows that considerable attention was
; aid to the admission of men in the ranks
of the several companies of the regiment.
The removal of men of the First from
this city leave- it at this time without
any National Guardsmen except the ca
det company attached to the First, those
members of the First who were not ac
d and are still members of the regi
ment, Troop A, cavalry, and the Signal
Corps. .
What is to be done with those men or
the twelve companies who were not ac
cepted has not yet been determined, but
It is probable that the companies will be
recruited so that there will be another
regiment of infantry In this city instead
of skeleton companies. That, however, is
a matter which will not be attended to
until the work of furnishing the State 3
quota shall ihave been disposeu of.
THE FIFTH REGIMENT.
When it became known that the First
and the Seventh Infantry regiments had
been selected for the securing of men
for the two regiments of Infantry of vol
unteers and that the Fifth Infantry had
riven the cold shoulder there was a
great deal of dissatisfaction In the ranks
and the feeling was quite strong- in the
several companies against Colonel v. ts.
anks, it being claimed that he had
not been sufficiently active in the matter
of securing recognition. It has since been
made known to the companies that Col
onel Fairbanks had, like Colonel John S.
Mosby offered his services to the proper
: declaring that his com
: v to follow him. Like
: his claim on his merit as
waited, but he was not
:. Notwithstanding this explanation
there is still a great deal of dissatisfac-
In the ranks, and there is talk in
some of the companies of the members
removing from the locality in which they
: ov are in order to obtain a discharge
from the service of the State on account
of removal. There is a possibility that
i ra will be smoothed over ami that
the men will not retire from the guard.
TROOP A. CAVALRY.
During the past two weeks the members
of Troop A, ('rivalry. Captain Burnett
commanding, have been unusually active
preparing themselves for the field in case
there should be a call for them. The
members are all active young men und
they are anxious to go where they could
engage in cavalry charges and distinguish
themselves. On drill nights i
good attendance and sine- the enthusiasm
inspired bj the war has taken possi
em they have been paying a great
deal of attention to tactics.
THE SIGNAL rnRPS.
Last Saturday, after the Signal Corps
of the Second Brigade had concluded its
duty as escort to the Seventh Regiment
of the National Guard, the meh under
command of Captain Perkins returned to
the armory, exchanged full dress for Ber
vice uniforms, and after lunch went out
by the Point Lobos road to the ocean
beach for v practice march. On the way
out and return by way of the Presidio j
there were a number of company evolu- ■
tiona which were well executed. This
corps, like other branches of the National
Guard Is annoyed by reason of the fact
that it has not been called into service.
The services have been offered to the \\ ar
Department as well as to the National
Guard authorities. The men say that in
times like these their services should be
specially in demand for the purpose of
transmitting messages In those countries
w here telegraphic communications are
not as plentiful as in the United States,
and that they are not only willing to go
anywhere, but are anxious to go where
they can do more than escort duty.
Yesterday, by way of practice, several i
::s were established, one in thia
city, another at Alameda, another at Leo- ;
ua Heights, another at San Lorenzo and \
Mill another at Halls, Aiameda County.
It was the purpose of the members of the
corps to signal the progress of the relay
race to this city. The heliograph worked
all right between the stations in Alameda
County, and during the forenoon the San
Francisco station was discovered and an
answer sent, but In the afternoon a mist
covered the bay and shut <>ut the flashes.
Flag signaling between Leona Heights
Uameda was f. .r the Baxne reason out
of the range of possibility. Between Leo
no Heights and Halls the men had good
practice.
ANNUAL STATIC SHOOT.
Those members of the gvard who will
not bo taken Into the State"s quota are
somewhat anxious about the State shoot
which, according to regulations, must
be held this month. As near a~s can be
made out, from the somewhat obscure
regulations which have not yet been
amended to make them comprehensive,
this is the month for skirmish liring. The
amended orders or regulations for firing
have not yet been Issued, although there
was a meeting of Inspectors of riile prac
tice for the purpose of discussing the
matter sonic time ago. Nor lias the order
lor the shoot yet been issued, so that the
men are in doubt if they will have to
shoot under th< old regulations or under
the amended ones, that is, if they are
to be amended.
THE NAVAL MILTTIA.
The commanding officer of the Naval
Militia, Captain L. H. Turner, having re
turned from a business trip to Alaska,
is anxious to go with his men to the
front, but as no action has yet been taken
by the authorities at Washington in re
gard to the naval force <>f this State, the
officers and members of the militia are
waiting orders. In the meantime all the
men are engaged several times a week
perfecting themselves in drill, both for
ship and shore duty. There is just a
possibility that the officers and men may
be assigned to duty on one of the coast
defense vessels, but it is only a remote
possibility.
A TASTARDLY CRIME.
George Stevens Charges Henry Vice
With Throwing Carbolic Acid
in His Face.
George Stevens, a plumber living on
Brftdy street, was taken to the Receiving
Hospital early yesterday morning with
his face badly burned by carbolic acid,
and he had a narrow escape from losing
his eyesight.
He stated that two days ago he had
a Quarrel with Henry Vice, who lives in
the lodging house at 812 Hush street.
Stevens was in the lodging house early
yesterday morning calling upon a friend,
and as he was leaving he passed Vice and
George Shine, who were talking together.
Just as he passed, Vice threw something
In his face, and he shrieked with pain.
Policpma.il Hutchlngs was notified and he
took Stevens to the hospital, where it
was found that his face had been burned
with carbolic acjd.
Vice is well known to the police, and
Crtectives were searching for him y.-stor
dav. but were unable to find him. When
arrested a felony charge will be booked
against him.
Stevens declared there • s no woman
in the case. The only can.- * for the quar
rel was about Vice using btevens room
rwithout his permission.
TROOP SHIPS
FOR MANILA
Several Vessels in Port
That Can Be Put in
Commission.
To Transport Nine Thousand
Men Nine Vessels Will
Be Necessary.
Lively Work Required to Secure
Th«t I*umb=r and Oot Them
Away on Tlma
"If troops are to be sent to Ma
nila at once what vessels are going to
carry them?" was the main topic of con- i
versatlon on the water front yesterday, j
Not only are the National Guardsmen In- j
terested In the question, but the general |
public as well. In consequence every pos- |
slble carrier was examined by eager
crowds during the day, and hundreds of
the militia were scattered over the front j
from Meiggs wharf to the Mall dock and '
gathering in groups in front of ocean-go
tag steamers. All of them wanted to get ;
a look at the City of Peking, and much j
disappointment was felt when the day
gradually wore away and there was still j
no sign of the big liner.
Word was sent to Captain Smith at
Honolulu to rush the Peking up, and it
was generally supposed that she would
reach here last Friday, although her ■
schedule did not call for her appearance \
until Saturday.
Still, she may have been detained at the
islands or she may even be in quaran
tine. Smallpox and the bubonic plague
are prevalent at Hongkong, and a case ;
of either one or the other may have de
veloped during the voyage.
The vessels in port or expected here i
during the next forty-eight hours that
could be used as transports for men,
horses, munitions of war and coal are the |
Australia, Mariposa, Ohio, City of Pu
ebla, Leelanaw. City of Peking, City of
Sydney, Progreso, Washtenaw and Wll
lamette. Of these the Australia Is ready
to be fitted out at a moment's notice, the ;
Ohio is discharging at Harrison street
wharf, the City of Puebla is to sail on
Wednesday next for Puget Sound ports,
the Leelanaw is discharging coal at Mis
sioil street wharf, while the City of Syd
ney is on her way here from Panama and ,
the Progreso, Washtenaw and Willamette
from Puget Sound.
The Martposa was moved to the re
finery yesterday to discharge the sugar
she brought from Honolulu, and unless j
she is pressed into Uncle Sam's service
will begin loading general cargo for Aus
tralasian ports to-day. The Ohio and (
naw were brought out here from the
East for the St. Michael trade, and it
would not take long to fit them out to
carry a large number of troops. The
Progreso carries 3000 tons, the Washte
naw 4000 tons and the Willamette 2400
tons of coal. They are now on their way
here with black diamonds. The big Aus
trian collier Burma and the Nor
wegian whaleback Titania are now ;
on their way from Nanaimo, B. C, with
about 10,000 tons of coal between them, I
bo they would fill up the American steam- ;
> re I'rogreso. Washtenaw and Willamette
in short order. The latter vessels aro
bringing down Seattle coal, but as the
Nanaimo article is a much better fuel
for steamers Uncle Sam would be sure to
s.-nd it. As men experienced in the pas
_ r trade say it will require at ieast
nine vessels to move 0,000 troops to Ma
nila, it Will thus be seen that if It comes i
to pending the men away in a hurry the
Government has not a groat number ot i
vessels to pick and choose from.
Many of the business men on the water
front hare been left short handed by the
call to arms. There is not a store on East
street but what has lost one or more of
the assistants, but every one of them was
given leave at a moment's notice, and in
nearly every case their pay goes on juat
the same. At the Ferry Cafe "Teddy"
Osborn's brothers got the summons while
th<y were at work behind the counter.
"Off you go." said "Ted," and without de
lay Will and Arthur changed their coats
and marched to the armory, where they
were sworn in. They are now In camp
with the rest of me boys at the Presidio.
Will and Arthur are in clover, as they not
only draw full pay from their brother, but
will also draw a small sum from the
United States treasury each month. With
"Ted" it is different, however, as he now
has to stand a double watch in order to
even up with the expense sheet.
Captain Chisholm of the British ship
Blackbraes has arrived in San Francisco
to superintend the repairs to the Wllls
cott. The latter vessel was caught In a
hurricane while on her way from Japan
to Portland and was dismasted. She put
in here in distress. Captain Mitchell will
take the Willscott to England as soon as
she Is repaired and chartered.
Frank Conley. while skylarking at the
' Rlsdon Iron Works yesterday, fell on a
piece of iron and broke his jaw. Dr. Green
. attended to him at the Harbor Receiving
! Hospital.
The river steamer George M. Stoney,
built for the Hayne party that went to
Kotzebue Sound on the bark Alaska, will
have her trial trip to-day. She will carry
about thirty people and their baggage on
: a very light draught, and will be used on
the Kubuck River. She will be taken up
on thp hark Northern Light and will be
turned over to the Hayne party at Kotze
bue Sound. Captain Ludlow, formerly of
the whaling bark Mars, will go up as
master of her and M. Eckley will be the
engineer. The George M. Stoney is a pro
i peller boat and is the first of her kind
! built on this Coast. As the propellers are
j greater in diameter than the draft of the
vessel they are covered by a water-tight
j box, which the wheel fills as soon as it
begins to revolve, and thus gives a solid
body of water in which to work.
Another river steamer for the Kubuck
will also have her trial trip to-day. She is
called the Kotzebue, and will act as a ten
der for the barkentine Jane A. Falkin
burg. ______^_^____
SHAKKEY TO "ACT."
The Pug-ilist Will Appear in "The
Ensign" This Week.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. have con- )
tracted with Tom Sharkey to appear at !
the California Theater to-night and dur- j
ing the week as one of the sailor boys !
who fights the enemy on the steamer j
San Jacinto in the naval drama "The
Knsisjn." Sharkey will not alone have a
thinking part. He has been given some
lines in the play and will end up by a ;
round with William Baker, who defeated
Stelzner. Sharkey was for some time
mapter-at-arms on the Philadelphia and
knows all about a war vessel. It Is said ;
that Sharkey contemplates adopting the i
stage as did" Corbett and Fltzsimmons. !
The sailor lad has had numerous offers :
to star, and he probably will do so after i
his debut in this city.
T<>-nisht he will appear in his regula- ,
tion sailor costume, and he is on the stage ;
In every act.
"Confessing Christ."
Rev. H. T. Shepa.rd of the Olivet Con- i
gregational Church at Seventeenth and j
Noe streets spoke on "Confessing Christ" j
Last evening before a large and inter- •
es'ted congregation. In part he said: i
"As the world grows older the thought of ;
a heavenly power and a life hereafter
i serms to be deeper embedded in the j
: minds of all liberty-loving and civilized
human beings. The teachings of the Al- !
mighty are given more thought, and as
we wend our devious ways through life
we silently think of religion and its
teachings, and in time we are brought !
within the circle which is purity itse-lf, !
for where the thoughts of God exist
all must be pure. At some time we con
fess our belief for him who is our Savior :
and pass the remainder of our lives In ;
peace."
PATRIOTIC WOODMEN.
Redwood Camp at its last held meeting
decided, in view of the fact that a num
ber of the members had enlisted to serve
the country and defend the flag, that the
assessments and dues of such members
not voluntarily paid by the relatives or
friends of the soldier "Woodmen should
be paid out of the general fund of the
camp. It also favored the raisinr of a
fund by special per capita tax of 25 cents
to pay for special nurses on the field for
sick or wounded Woodmen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 9, 1898.
PERFORATED
THE TARGETS
At Shell Mound Many
Good Scores Were
Made.
Marksmen of All Classes Com
peted for Medals and Glory
Besides.
The Regular Monthly Shoot* of Va
rloub Verelns and Other Riflo
and Pietol Clubs.
If by some unforeseen accident tfie tar
gets at Shell Mound had been suddenly
' changed into a row of Spaniards, or in
j fact any other human beings, yesterday
I there would have been a few funerals to
j follow. The second monthly shoot of the
! Independent Riflemen, the San Francisco
! Schuetzen Verein monthly medal shoot,
the monthly medal and competition shoot
| of the German Schuetzen Club, the month
!ly bullseye shoot of the Norddeutsche
! Schuetzen Club and the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club all lined up to the points
'• of position on the range, and the scores
( made by many proved that there are
crack shots in the various organizations.
1 From early in the day until late at
i night the crack of the rifle and pistol
could be heard, and at the close of the
game there were many who regretted that
; the day was over and another month
i must elapse before they meet to com
pete in their monthly exhibitions and
medal competitions. Although the wind
was slightly high, it did not seem to
i Interfere with the marksmen, and as the
; day was bright and clear the trouble so
! often experienced of having the targets
shaded was not noticeable. The scores
follow:
i In the Independent Riflemen Henry Schllcht
i mann made 35, Henry Frederichson 7. E. P.
Jacobsen 44, Henry Stauder 34, J. H. Kunlke
i 33. C. J. Stauder 37. F. H. Uun 22, J. M.
Mayer 3, Henry Goetjen 3S and C. H. Korn
1 bech 34.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, champion
1 class medal-A. H. Pa;>e 444. The first class
: was not filled. Second class—Frank Koch 3*6.
Third class— Augrust Junphlut 410. Fourth
c-la-«!>— John I-.ankenau 364. B^st first shot-
Otto Lemeke 24. Best last shot— F. P. Scheus
ter 25.
i Oermania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
and competition shoot, champion class— F. P.
Scheu«ter 4.".4, L. Bendel 413. First class— R.
Ptfttln 4<>9 Second cl.-ms— J. Gefken 4W. Third
i das?— William Goetze 336. First best shot—
!Dr Rodgers 25. Last best shot— L. Bendel 26.
Yearly competition shoot— August Jungblut
i 75 A. Goetze 71.
Norddeutsche Pchuetzen Club— G. Shultz 341.
J I.ankenau 4!*. J. V. Helse 572. E. C, Rust
«40 J DeWltt 71S. Honry Meyer 9<H. H. Ster
ling 992. L. Brune 1073, D. Salfleld 1153. F.
Scheuster 1 1 75 .
Columbia PUtol and Rifle Club, champion
Class- I>. W. McL.au<?hll!i 47. P. E. Mason 61.
Dr. Rodgers 6S, F. O. Young 75. First class—
' A B. Dorrell 71. J. E. Gorman 74. O. A. Bre
mer 92. Second class— Q. M. Barley 88, M ,T
White l'"4. Third class— G. Mannell ](W, B.
Jonas 124 M Woenne 139. Mrs White 172.
Member's' rifle medal-A. B. I>orrell 04, J. E.
' Gorman C 3, O. A. Bremer So. Bushnell medal—
X ' ' Yi-.ung 45 All-comer's rltle medal— Dr.
1 Rodgers 45, A. H. Pape 58, D. W. McLauehlin
i 66. Pistol, fifty yards, champion class— Dr.
1 Rodgers 50 M J. White 55. J. E. Gorman 57, A.
I B. Dorrell 62. F. O. Young 64, A. H. Pape
i6S C. M. Dalss 03. First class— D. M. Me-
Laughlln 63, F. E. Mason 65. G. M. Bailey
: 72. Second class— Mrs. M. J. White 79, Third
| class— J P. Cosgrave C 5, Mrs. C. F. Waltham
! 104.
Colt's trophy, Columbia target, 50 yards. 10
shot scores— F. O. Young 44. 81. 68. Rlflle medal
and Roos trophy for ladies — A. B. Dorrell 18
22, Mrs. C. F. Waltham 46.
' Slebe pistol medal. l n shot scores, TO yards —
J E Gorman 37-3^-44. F. O. Young 41-62-68-68
i 74 C. M. Dalss 51.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL
WORKERS AT NAPA
A Session That Promises to Be
Very Interesting to Those
Engaged.
A Three Days' Programme Laid Out
by Secretary Bingham for the
Convention.
To-morrow the thirty-first annual con
vention of the Sunday School Associa
tion will commence at Napa. As a pre
liminary to the meeting State Secretary
Blngham has issued a circular letter to all
pastors, superintendents, teachers, work
ers and members of evangelical Sunday
schools in California as follows: "Chris
tian greeting— The next meeting of \he
State Sunday-school Association will be
held In the First Presbyterian Church,
Napa, commencing at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday,
May 10, and continuing through Wednes
day and Thursday, the 11th and 12th. "
Following this is a complete programme
of each day's proceedings to be carried
out by the convention.
As a guide to those who desire to vote,
the rules are laid down that the voting
membership of the convention will con
sist of the pastors and two delegates
chosen from each school ami an addition
al delegate lor every fifty members over
one hundred.
Inasmuch as there Is no fund out of
which delegates can be paid, it is sug
gested that to assist in defraying the ex
penses of the convention and the State
work ask each school not belonging to
a county association, that has pledged Jl
per school to the State work, to kindly
contribute a sum equal to 2 cents per
member for their average attendance.
This should be forwarded at once to the
treasurer, C. B. Perkins, 1033 Market
street, San Francisco, or handed to him
at the convention.
A full attendance of all delegates Is
expected, besides others having the inter
est of the Sunday school at heart.
*The officers of the California State Sun
day School Association are:
President F H Babb. San Jose; secretary.
Earl S. Blnghnm, 720 South Seventh street, San
Jose; treasurer. C B. Perkins. 1033 Market
street, San Francisco; vice presidents Rev.
H N Hoyt of Sacramento, Rev. M. M. Gib
son'of San Francisco. J. A. Allen of Tula re.
L, J Norton of Napa; assistant secretary, Mrs.
Fva B Morrison- of San Jose; statistical secre
tary Rev. C. E. W. Smith, Alameda; secre
tary' Home ciass Department, Robert Stewart.
Oakland; member of International Executive
Committee and superintendent of State Nor
mal work, H. Morton. San Joee.
Fxecutive Committee, class of IS9S— Rev. E.
S Chapman of Oakland, William Abbott of San
Francisco S W. Ferguson of Alameda, Rev.
William Rader of San Francisco; class of ISM
_G W Campbell of San Jose, Martin Monsen
of Santa Rosa. Rev. W. T. Hosklnson of Sac
ramento S W. Mack of GonzaJes; class of
woo— Rev E. McClish of College Park, Rev.
W A Gardner of San Francisco: Rev. V. Q.
A.' Tressler of San Jose. Rev. G. W. Swift
of Stockton.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Roger and Ma.gg\e Carroll to Frederick P.
S-hu?ter lot 11 to 14. block 19, Lakeview; $10.
" James M and Anna T. Booth to G. H.
Pai>cnfu6B lot on E line of Capitol street, 250
N of Graf ton N SO by E 112:'., lots 16 and 17,
same- also lot on E line of Capitol Etreet, 3.">0
N of Grafton. N 26 by E 112:5, lot 20, block 14,
Darkle to James A. Richardson, lot on
W line of Lee street. 125 N of Hollowly, N 25
by \V 112:5, lot 44. block 3. same; $200.
R C and Caroline R. dv Boom to Ellzaheth
Finnev lot on S line of Bosworth street, 25 E
of MU ton. E 25 by S 100, lot 18. block 9. De
r?"v. B. Henarie to Man' A. Niland (wife of
Matthew) lot on SE line of Chenery street, 100
NE of Mateo. NE 25 by SE 100, lot 13. block 9,
Henarie' f subdivision of Kairmount; $500.
San Francisco Savlnps T'nion to Minnie Mc
! Callum <wlfe of John H.), lot on S line of
■ States street, 3t.0 W of Castro. W 25, S 106:1,
! E 25 N 105:11, Flint Tract Homestead: $!0 .
William Z. Tiffany, Emma M. and David
Macsregor to Peer Tiffany, undivided one-third
of lot on NW line of Tiffany street, 198 XE of
Twenty-ninth. NE 107 by NW 80, lots 35 to 37.
| Garden Tract and Homestead Association; $10.
I Julia A. Crocker to Sarah R. Morris, lot on
i NAY corner of Octavla street and Walnut ave
nue, N 60 W 82: C, S 27:6, W 6, S 32:6, E 87:6;
i $10.
Fred Nobmann to Margarette Nobmann. lot
on N line of Garden avenue, 162 :« Eof Brod
erlck. E 25 by N 62:6; $10. _. „
Jacob and Mary L. Dobbelaax to Ell* M.
Beadle, lot on SW line of Potter street, 126 N*v
of Mission. NW 26, SW 140. E 52. NE 38. NW
25, NE 100; $10. , . .
Joseph J. Gensoul to Marie P.
on S line of Nineteenth street. 200 W of Guer
rero, W 60 by S 225; $5. . _ „,
Hugh J. Carey to Malachi and Catharine
Norton, lot on E line of Dolores street. 126.8
N of Nineteenth, N 26:6 by E 110; $10.
M. W. Kaln iby B. P Oliver, commissioner)
to Hlbernla Savings and Loan Srcley-. lot on
NW line of Market street. 54S SW of Church,
Same to 'same, 'lotion W line ot Sanchez
street. 190 N of Sixteenth, "W 63, Nt 10 to
Sanchez. S 50:3 Vi; also lot on NWJtot of Mar
ket street, 573 SW of Church, SW 2o by NW
100; also lot on NW line of Market street.
113:8 NE of Sanchez; NE 25 by W 100 : ♦"• 500 -
Axel Peter G. Krull to Martha G. Krull, lot
on W line of Alabama street, ISO S of Twentj
flfth, S2sby W 100; gift.  „.„„,,,
Elizabeth R. Bushwell to Felix MarlnelM.
lot on NE line of Rausch street, 125 NW oi
Folsom. NW 25 by NE 112; »«•_. , „ r
Sohle H. and Jacob Brandt. Charles, H. C.
and John R. Kropp to Charles U. Johnson, lot
on NE line of Langton street, 155 NW of Fol
som, NW 25 by NE 80; $10. m W _L
Greenebaum & Co. Slgmund aria Morris
Greenebaum and John B. Luther to
Baum Potrero Nuevo block 104. quitclaim aeea.
Gussle Greenebaum to samo, lot on SE corner
of Mariposa. street and Potrero avenue, S 12Z.6
by E 100; also lot on W line of Ltan street,
112:6 S of Mariposa, 8 180 by E 100: also lot on
SE corner of Utah and Maxiposa streets, E 100
by S 125; also lot on W line of Nebraska street.
150 S of Mariposa, S 112:6 by W 100; also lot on
E line of Nebraska street. 125 S of Mariposa,
S 137:6,_E 140. NW to point W 119, quitclaim
Julius and Sarah Jacobe U> Edward B. Louis
son, portion blocks 93 and 74, quit clam deed; fi.
Edward B. Loulsson to Clara Blum, portion
blocks 93. 74 and 104. quitclaim deed; $1.
Real Estate and Development Company to w.
C. Doane and L. M. Hoetler, portion block 236.
Included in boundaries of S. B. block 36, quit
claim deed; $5.
W. V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Martin
ODea. lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue,
200 S of B street. E 120. S 22:6. S S7 degrees 30
minutes, W 120:114, N 20:10; $10.
Same to Martin P. ODea, lot on E line of
Seventeenth avenue. 175 S of B street, E 1»
by S 25; $10.
Cyrus W. and Susette E. Bryson to Pletro
Bertolone, lot on N corner of Thirtieth avenue
and J street. NW 75 by NE 100, lot 16. block
629. Bay View Homestead Association; $10.
Edward S. Bowers to F. H. Hilbert, all In
terest in estate of Sarah J. Eaton; $425.
Alameda County.
Melissa S. Carle to James C. Baker, lot on
W line of Chestnut etreet, 135 S of Sixteenth. S
30 by W 100, block 588. Oakland; $10.
Leon and Nellie Canan to Melissa S. Carle,
lot on N line of Thirty-first street, 390 W of
West, W 25 by N 140, block 2035, Rowland
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Frank Doyle to J. H. Rourke. lot 2, block N.
John Doyle Tract Oakland Township; $10.
Michael and Nellie Fahey to Patrick J. and '
Ellen Connolly, lot on S line of Cleveland aye- j
nue, 634.65 E of Telegraph. E 52 by S 100, being ;
lot 48, Linden Homestead, Oakland Annejc; $10. j
A. C. Uralnard to Mar)' E. Brainard, lot oa I
E line of Chapel street, 120 N of Bancroft way, |
N 35 by E 137:1%, block 4, Villa lots Joining
the university site on the S, Berkeley; gift.
Edward A. and Sarah E. Brackett to Peter
Madsen, lot on S line of Faln'lew street, 250 E '
of Calais, E 60 by S 135, being lot 16, block D,
Harmon Tract, Berkeley, subject to a mortgage
for J1600; $10.
Clifton G. Reynolds to Franklin and Cath- j
erina White, lot on W line of Eighth street, !
151 :3 Nof Bancroft way, NSOby W 135. being !
lot 13, block 117, tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley; $500. ;
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Jane Mc-
Caffery and Edward McSwijjgen, lots 111 and
112. GalindO Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Patrick H. and Bridget Maloney to Mary E.
Taylor, lot on S line of Mountain View ave
nue, DO E of Cherry street. X Co by S 141, be
ing lot 10. block 18, Warner Tract, Brooklyn ;
Township; gift.
J. H., Cellna D. and Charlotte B. Soring to
Edward Salz, lots 17 and 18, block A. town
site of Decoto, Washington Township; $10.
I'hlllp Maul to Lilla C. Maul, lot on NE cor
ner of Caledonia avenue and Grore street, N
30. E 160. S to North Caledonia avenue. W to ,
b -pinning, being portion of Caledonia Home
stead Association, Oakland; gift.
William Josephson to Celia P. Lewis, lot on
N line of Alvord street. MO W of Dwtnelle.
W 40 by N 127. being lot 15. block 2, Case
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Lottie K. Bowen to Klmball G. Easton. lot !
on S line of Eftie street. 375 W of Lowell. S 1
132.6. W 47.33, N 139.16, E BS.S7 to beginning.
being lots 1 and 2, block 24, resubdivision of
Smith's subdlvslon of Matthews Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
Christina and Gertrude E. Steenberg, Daniel !
Suter and George Sohroeder (by commissioner) |
to Enterprise Mutual Benefit and I -can Asso- ;
elation, lot on N line of Falrvlew street. 100 W !
of Calois, W s<j by N 135, lot 3, block F, Pe
ralta Kan<-h. Berkeley; 1800.
Enterprise Mutual Benefit and Loan Assocla- !
tion to Emmy Marcuse (wife of Max), samr,
Berkeley; $lv.
Laymance Real Kstate and Investment Com- 1
pany to James B. Barber, lot 15-. block T.
Amended Map Moss Tract, subject to a mort
gage for $iO, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Tribune Publishing Company <a corporation)
to same, lot '.n N line of Saratoga avenue. 120
W Of "rchanl street. W 40 by N 12V, being lot
13. block A, Amended Map same Tract. Brook- ;
lyn Township; $10.
William J. Laymance to same, lot on S line i
of Olive Street, 100 W oT Warner avenue. W 25
by S 10f> block '^3. Warner Tract, Brooklyn :
Township; fin.
Same to same, lot 22. block A. Elmhurst
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emily J. Miller to Fred L. Miller, lot on E
Une i>f Cherry -.treet. 22") S of Jones avenue. S
50 by E 150. lot 19. block 20, Warner Tract.
quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Trustees of San Lorenzo Cemetery to James
Cook, lot 141. In block 29, San Leandro Ceme
tery Eden Township: $20
C. H. and H. M. Van Renoselaer to B. H.
Madison, lot on NE corner of Campbell and !
Eighteenth streets. E 145.99 to a point distant
264 W from a line in the middle of Peralta ;
street, thence N to the Encinal line, thence
W to the E line of Campbell, thence S to be- I
ginning. Oakland; also lot on SW corner of
Campbell and Eighteenth streets. W 190. S to
marsh line so called, thence NE 204. M, SE |
30.1S to the intersection of marsh line with W :
line of Campbell, thence N to beginning; also !
lot 16 and all that portion of lots 14 and 15, }
block 740, that lies to the N of marsh line and
W of a line drawn parallel with a line In the
middle of Peralta and 2C4 W therefrom, Oak
land: $10.
Bartha and Caeaar Isaacs to A. H. Dun
combe, lot on N line of Forty-fourth street, 90 ',
E of Linden. E 50 by N 100, being lot 30, block |
2104. Alden Tract, temescal. Oakland Annex; ,
$10
H. F. Basnett to Carrie Bassett, lot 22, block !
B. Frultvale station Tract, Brooklyn Town- j
shin; gift.
Harvey F. and Edith M. Miller to William |
J. Robertson, lot on E line of Tevls stret. 275 |
N of Lloyd avenue, E 96:4. N Z.\ W !>S:4. S 25 to
beginning, helnir lot 8. block D. Frultvale sta
tion Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Minna and B^rnhard Wurthmann to Lena .
Mantz. lot on S line of Taylor avenue. 270 E j
of Pr .-.spect street E 50 by S 14S. being lots
19 and 20. Map of Shephardson property lying
N of Schuetzen Park, Alamei'a: $10.
Martha E. B!ak>- (administratrix of estate of
Maurice C. Blake) to Deborah H. Dyer, lot on ,
W Itne of Jackson street. Sl4 N of Central
avenue, N 126 by W 174, Oakland: $12,000.
Newton and Cornelia M. Benedict to P. W. '
Reardon, lot on N line of Brown or Thirty
fourth street. 2*l W of Telegraph avenue, W
100 by N 119:10, h'-ing portion of estate of A. C. :
Brown, Oakland: Jin.
J. V. Webster to Ernest C. Webster, undi
vided half Interest in lot or. SE comer of Six
teenth and Wood strets, E 190 by S 120.62, block
729, Oakland; gift.
George E. and Maria A. Davis to W. 11. j
Llllle. lot on NE corner of Thorn and Canning j
streets. N 60 by E 100. being lots 1 and 2 of
resubdivision of block M, Roberts & Wolfskin
Tract. Oakland annex (subject to a mortgage
for $200); $10.
William F. Andrus to Phoebe A. Andrus, lot
on N line of Wallace avenue (or Forty-fifth
street), 463.24 E of San Pablo. E 100 by N 151.67.
being lots 31 and IS, Coggeshall Tract, E of
San Pablo avenue, Oakland Township: gift.
Ambrose Braoktle to J. H. T. Watkinson, lot
on W line of I'leasant Valley avenue, 50 N of
Linda. N 25 ny W 12",. being lot 9, Bowie prop
erty, Oakland Township; $1.
Michael T. Carroll to Christina Carroll, lots
11 and 12, block 3, Dowling Tract, Berkeley;
gift.
A. C. Barthler, A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst
Land Company tn Harry W. Miller, lots 90 and
91. Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn Township: $10.
H. C. Morris to James O. Clarrage, lots 10. 11
and 12, block 26. Warner Tract, Brocklyn
Township: $in.
George T. and Adclla S. Hawley and Edna
S. Poulson to Amelia Lee (wife of James R.
Lee), lot 4. block C. Buena Ventura Tract, map
2, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Puttmnn to J P. Hanson, lot on W
line of Sixth street. 302 -N of Channlng way.
N EO by W 136. portion of block 126. Raymond
Tract, Berkeley; $813.
Dora B. and Charles Miller to Aime L.
Roydor. lot on N line of Srhuyler place. 199.91
Eof Capp street. X 39. 9S by N 177. being lot 9,
Gardner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes Ptreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2."26 Mission street; open until 9 o'c'.ocjc.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streety; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market Ft., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May, 1898. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
eerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may oome be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY, April 29 at 3 o'clock p. m.
B. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened. $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2808 24th.
MISS LESSER and '.. assistant, genuine vapor
baths and treatments. 124 Sixth St., r. 2.
MME. HaNSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary St., room 11.
MISS L. DEAN has removed to 917 Market St.,
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Market St.. cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 866V4 Market st, rooms 9 and 11.
A L VINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. \aVt Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10, second floor front.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17. ' •
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. 1118 Market at., rm. 8.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 6.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing. .'.■*■;..*<
SITUATIONS WANTED—
HOTEL MEN TAKE NOTICE
We have now awaiting situations • 8 house-
keepers, 25 flrst-cla-'s waitresses. 20 first-class
chambermaids, 2 hotel laundresses, plain
work, and 7 fancy lroners, and can supply
. you at short notice. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Gear} st. ; telephone Grant 185.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and second girl.
2 family cooks, best references, family laun-
dress and a number of first-class German,
American and Swedish house girls await
situations. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary
st. Tel. Grant ISS. •,<■--.
A GERMAN girl wishes to take care of chil-
dren, second work or housework; $10 to $15.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH house girl, good cook and laun-
dress; $15 to $20; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
A YOUNG Christian woman would like to work
for board and small pay; have some time to
herself. MRS. NORTON. 323 Butter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress ■ desires situation; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, best of references, desires a
situation In the country. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WIDOW wants position as housekeeper. .Ap-
ply 37 Lafayette st., off Mission, between
Eleventh and Twelfth; rear B.
2 SWEDISH girls want situations to do cham-
berwork or general housework; city or coun-
try. Please call at 3026 Twenty-fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation in
city or country: good cook and laundress;
. wishes work right away. Box 2217, Call office.
WANTED— Position as working? housekeeper
by a well educated lady; excellent references:
country preferred. Call 1016 Devisadero st.
NEAT girl wishes position, second work, take
care of children, make herself generally use-
ful; references. Call 1120 A Golden Gate aye.
ARTISTIC dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements; $1 25 per day. Address 1337 Mar-
ket si.
STRONG young woman wants position to do
general housework; good cook. A. D., box
2400, Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish girls wants situation for
housework; Is a good cook; best of references.
511 Mason st., near Post.
A YOUNG neat Swedish girl wishes to do gen-
eral housework: $10 or $12. 613 McAllister st.
A SLAVONIAN girl wants a situation for cook-
Ing and housework. 75 Clementina st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place at chamberwork;
hotel preferred. Call 626 Eddy st.
WANTED — By respectable German woman, to
assist In light housework and sewing or take
care of a sick person. Box 2251, Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker wants few more en-
gagements in families by day or month; terms
moderate; tailor skirts $2 up. A. E. DWYER
GO6 Ellis st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as bookkeeper or
office assistant. Address J. P., 1525 Pine st.
WANTED— Work by the day; first-class laun-
dress or cleaning; reference. MME. JAC-
QUOT, 342 San Carlos aye., between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first sts.
REFINED young woman wants employment;
can furnish excellent references; small sal-
ary. Box 2387, Call office.
POSITION desired by a competent woman
just arrived from the East; is a good cook
and housekeeper; no objection to country.
Call for 1 week at 330 Minna St., downstairs.
CULTURED girl desires re-engagement as
companion, nursery governess; will attend
Invalid; good reader; ref. Box 2224, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes chamberwork, house-
keeping, any kind of work. MRS. DAWRTC.
220 Montgomery aye.
GOVERNESS— Experienced English branches,
music and painting; best references; visiting
or resident; no objection to country. A. 8.,
Call branch. 621 McAllister st.
WANTED— By a young Danish girl with good
.address, a position to do light upstairs work.
H. MILLER. 319 Powell St.
WIDOW of refinement and education, with
highest references, desires position as nurse
and companion to lady or gentleman (in-
valid); Sl5 per month. Address MRS. O. M.
W., ;41S Hyde st.
GERMAN girl wants place In a ranch or plain
family. 613 Turk st.
RELIABLE woman would ■ like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son ft.
REFINED Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and In-
tegrity will be appreciated; Is agreeable and
companionable; knows how to make Invalid
comfortable. Address box 1467, Call office.
RELIABLE woman would like washing and
ironing at home. MRS. ALICE SCHOOLEY.
137 Julian aye. "'-.■•.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper's position; no objection to country.
Call or address 8198 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 322 Third st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. '
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employtr.ent office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
MAN and wife want situation on ranch, man
to do farm work, wife to do cooking and
housework. Box 2229. Call office. ■
SITUATION by young man 30 years old In any
capacity; city or country; good bookkeeper
and typewriter; reference from present em-
ployer. Address box 2261. Call office.
COACHMAN, first class, »/ould like situation;
thoroughly experienced in all its branches;
unmarried; best California and Eastern ref-
erences; strictly temperate; can drive four-
in-hand. Box 2270. Call office.
AN experienced bookkeeper desires employ-
ment; highest references. Address box 2266,
Call office. •
SHIRTMAKER, custom cutter of experience,
wants position. Box 2222, Call office.
WANTED— Work by a single man; painter by
trade ; wages moderate; country preferred. J.
D., box 8, Call office. Oakland.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper or collector;
best of references given. Address 1892 Mis-
sion st.
GERMAN for years foreman In vineyards and
wineries wishes situation. Address 101 O'Far-
rell st. ■
$30 TO any one securing a position for an ex-
perienced cake baker: . summer resort pre-
; ferred. Address box 2375. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will do work
by the day. hour or contract. Address FKED
KODA. 409H O' Fan-ell st. .
CAPABLE marine engineer wishes position at
running engine or steam power; 14 years 1 ex-
perience. Address box 2255. Call office.
JA-.iTOR— — Porter In wholesale
house: two experienced men want positions;
' first-class city references: also from present
employers. Address L., 639 A Seventh st. ,
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch of floe of Tn» Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WANTED by middle-aged German, work In
private family or. hotel; can do all kinds of
work; care for garden, horses, cows, chick-
ens; good driver; willing and obliging; coun-
try; $20 to $25. , ress box 5555, Call.
SITUATION as stationary engineer, fireman,
oiler or wiper; of 9 years', experience: best of
reference. S. J. BUNDOCK. 1110 Denison St.,
East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by cook and wife to take
charge of mining camp; good references. Box
14:,6. Call office. . ■ '
I WANTED— as foreman machine shop;
railroad shop preferred: best 'of references.
Box 1540. Call office. \ -  ■ .;
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder- and
.- fitter of stores and banks wants work; wage*
- moderate. Box 3305, • Call of flee. ".' * "
HELP WAKTED-FEMALE.
2 SECOND girls, country. $20 and $25. see ladles
here at 10 to-day; cook. German style. $30;
second girl, some washing, $25; German
nurse $20; 8 waitresses and chambermaids,
hotels, etc., $20, $5 and $6 week. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. .
60 GIRLS for general housework In city and
country, American and German families. $15,
$20 and $26. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Auburn. $25; Alameda. $20;
Oakland $20; Modesto, $20: 10 housework
girls city and country. $20 and $25; 6 young
"girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. '
SEAMSTRESS and waitress, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. . .. ■
COOK, American family, $35: 2 second girls,
$25 and $20; 15 housework girls, city and
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKER by the day. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT cook. $30 per month; restaurant
waitress. $5 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ■
WOMAN cook, small restaurant, $25 and found:
woman cook, restaurant, $10 week; cook,
small place. $7; 6 waitresses, country hotel.
$20; 2 waitresses, city. $20: 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6; chambermaid to wait, $20;
lunch and dinner waitress, $3. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
Laundry work. —
Forewoman and marker for hotel laundry.
' $40; 2 ironers (shirts, cuffs and collars). an- ;
couver. B. C, $30 and found and free fare; 4 ;
fancy lroners for steam laundry, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, $25: 2 family cooks. $25; -gen-
eral housework, no cooking, country, $20; 10
house girls. $20 to $25; 23 house girls, city and
country, $15 to $20; companion to Invalid. $10.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st. :
COOK, $30: city cook. $30; country house girl
• St. Helena, $30; housekeeper, $1-.; 2_ rl ™"
nurse girl, 1 child 5 years old. $15; nurse M.
' 6 house girls, $23 each: 10 house girls . $20. 8 ,
young girls to assist, no cooking, $10 to *l>.
6 middle-aged women, country, $lo to *- -
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
A YOUNG German woman as cook and house-
keeper: first-class references; city or country.
MRS. NORTON. Swedish and German Em-
ployment Bureau, 323 Butter. Tel. Green .21.
WANTED— 2 German cooks, $30 and $35; sec-
ond work and seamstress, $25; English or
Scottish second girl. $20; second girl. $20;
American cook, $25; cook for small boarding
house. $20; German and Swedish girls for
housework. $23 and $20. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st. •
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, plain coun-
try hotel, $15; girl to do some cooking and
help In kitchen, resort near city, $15: house-
work girls, country places. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
3 COOKS. $30: seamstress, $25; 2 second girls,
$20; 3 nurses-Iris, $12 and $15: 10 girls for
housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln st.
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, 5 waitresses;
restaurant cook, $30; seamstress: pantry
girls: kitchen keeper; chambermaids; 20
houseglrls. 1023 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER: 3 milliners; dressmaker;
glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. 1023 Market St.
GENERAL servant, family 3, no washing, $20;
quick. At 1023 Market St. ■
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist In gen-
eral housework; family of 4; wages $15. Ap-
ply bet. 10 and 12 a, m.. 918 Eddy st.
GIRLS from 12 to 15 to help on skirts; pay
while learning. S6S Mission St., room 7.
AN apprentice girl wanted by tailor. 724 How-
ard St., near Third.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. 410 Kearny St., room 33.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. 2505 Clay st.
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 473 Tehama
st. ; top floor.
WANTED— A first-class tailoress; good wages; j
steady work. 272 Seventh st. __ ;
! GIRL to do housework; wages $8. 533 Turk i
street.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. In-
quire 1013 Golden Gate aye. I
GIRL to assist in lisrht housework; sleep
home; $5 month. 70SVi Fulton st.
WANTED — Young girl for housework and as-
sist with children. 1027 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. 410
Kearny St.. room 20.
ONE tailoress on custom coats. 6 Monroe St..
off Bush, above Stockton.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser and ventilator;
girls to learn. Apply MME. DELLA FAUST.
240 Stockton St., near Post.
WANTED— hairdressers and ap-
prentices. Apply to GOLDSTEIN & COHN,
&22 Market st. |
EDUCATED young lady taught shorthand and j
office work In exchange for assistance; pros-
pective engagement later. Box 2227, Call.
WANTED— flagmaker. Call Sun-
day at 3708 Seventeenth st.
WANTED — First-class Swedish or German
laundress; city references required. Apply
between 9 and 12 o'clock at 621 Leavenworth.
RELIABLE girl to do general housework and
cooking. Apply 2524 Pine St.. bet. 9-11 a. m.
LADY canvasser for city and country: can j
make from $3 to $5 a day. Call room 12. 1104
Market St. _____
60 HANDS, operators, finishers, basters, girls
that sew. Monday morning, 223 Sutter st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking, family of 3; wages $15. 1603 Gough.
GOOD home and some remuneration offered a
respectable woman in small family; general j
housework. Address box H. H., Call office,
Oakland. |
20 GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various ;
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, German Em-
ployment Office, 417 Powell st. ■
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking. 2730
Twenty-fourth st. : \ •' •
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Call forenoon. 162S Sutter st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market !
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market :
st.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
NINTH. 167— Branch office of The Call; sub-
script ionsßndwantadstak™^^^^^^
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— for ■ mine. $2 50 day;
coachman with references. $35: electrical en- i
gineer, $3 25 day; bricklayer. $3 day; grocery ;
clerk, city; paper cutter, $10 week; wood- '
chopper, $1 50 cord; miner, $"0 and board;
farmers $20: cooks, waiters and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra- !
mento st. j
WANTED— hotel and restaurant depart- j
ment, chief cook, plain hotel, city, $60; short j
order cook. $30; cook, small hotel. Nevada, :
$35, and other cooks at $60. $40 and $30; wait-
ers, $2. . and $20; young man to wait table,
plain place, $15; dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
& ' READY, • Leading Employment Agents.
634-636 Clay st. •_
ANTED — For a new camp near city. 10 la- j
borers and teamsters, $1 75 per day; 5 la- ,
borers, , city work, $160 per day; Scandina- i
vian teamster. $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY. Loading Employment Agents. 634-
C 36 Clay st. -
FOR Sonoma County, woodchoppers, $1 25 cord:
for San Mateo County, woodchoppers. $1 50
cord. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN ■to purify champagne, etc., for a large
wine company, see party here. MURRAY _
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER for an Institution. $1 50 day and
found ; watchman, handy with carpenter's
tools. $1 50 day; farm hands, milkers and i
chore boys; ranch cook. Yolo County: farmer
and wife; vegetable gardener. . etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk. California references and ex- ;
perience. - $40: dry good* clerk, $40; grocery ;
clerk city. $23 to $30. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. ' ■ - - ■ ■• • ..-;-■
GERMAN pastry cook and confectioner, $70
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HEAD laundryman, country hotel, $65. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED hotel bookkeeper. $75. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. -
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $100;
third cook, hotel, $45: cook, country hotel. $40;
colored porter, country hotel. $20?" fare ad-
vanced; Japanese for housework, $25; 3 dish-
washers, different country hotels, $20; wheel-
wright for a large ranch. $35 and found; fore-
man for a hay ranch. $30 and found; milker,
$25; 8 woodchoppers for 4-foot oak wood, $1 w
a cord. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Buttermaker . who can run sepa-
rator, no : milking, $30 per month and found;
4 milkers, $25 and : $20: strong boy for fac-
tory, $3 per week to start: young man about
private - place In city. $10 per month and
found; middle-aged clerk for grocery store
In city,- $25 to $35 per month; middle-aged ■
cobbler for institution, near city. : $15 per :
month board room and wash; farmers, and
others. W. D. EWER - CO.. 626 Clay St.
NIGHT cook, oyster house," $25; -.waiter; board-
Ing ' house, $25; ' cook, small place. $20; old
"man .to do chores, $10; choreboy, $10; ship
'calkers; coal miners. R. T. WARD St CO.,
60S" and 610 Clay st.
.■ - . .' ■ - -
HELP WANTBD-Coatlnned^
»_g— ij_gj_r__. £"■
CLOTHING salesman; card writer; 3 waiters,
$40. 1023 Market st. •
OFFICE assistant: man and wife, country ho-
tel, experienced. 1023 Market st.
(FFKADT man to keep plain accounts and as-
S l^Jne?anyV™miSls S ion business: must
have $150 cash and be satisfied wun »i*
weekly. 917 Market St., room 2.
WANTED— A man to work around house;
w_J« $«T_'momh; short distance in country.
30 Turk st. __________
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted for the coun-
try at A. JACOBS', 1200 Market st.
COOK wanted. 436 Fifth st. _____
YOUNG German accustomed to work in .ba-
kery; wages $12 a month. Box 2230. Call.
WANTED-Sober. Industrious elderly^ man to
work around lodging house. 124 Sixth st.
GOOD presser on vests wanted. 641% Steven-
son st. \ : .
WANTED— A young boy for dishwasher. 23
Sixth st. , ■ ■
GOOD painter wanted this morning at . S
o'clock. NW. cor. Twenty-fourth and Bo ant.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher; young man;
lunch place. 7 Ninth st. '
MAN and wife, position of trust: permanent
and good salary. 1018 Washington, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED boy on fine coats. 26 Mont-
eromery St.. rooms 1-2.
WANTED— A baker for Alaska. Apply 26
Steuart st. . . m
BOY, 18 to 20. to work in wholesale house.
Address box 2223, Call office. __
WANTED— Man for nursery work and Jobbing
pardoning; wages $15 per month. Call d<JO
Haight st. ,
GRILL maker wanted. 232 Ellis st.
WANTED— SO hands, operators, tailors, press-
men. Call Monday morning. 223 Sutter st.
BOY, between 12 and 16 years. Apply ISI7 Polk
st., early Monday morning.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 623.
W \NTED— Young man IS to 22 as clerk In gro-
cery and bar; must have some experience.
Box 2381, Call office.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms: 3
nights 25c. or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages or
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cat
BARBER shop. 2 chairs. 2 batltS, Central Cal-
ifornia for pale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
LADIES' shoes, soling, 3.'c; men's shoes, sol-
ing 50c: al) repairing done at half the usual
price. E62 "Mission St., bet. First and Second.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 2",.- a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
I TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 23c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c 959 Howard st.
I WANTED— A good solicitor. Address 13f'S
Park St.. Al.-tmeda. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 1."!S' 2 Eighth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the Unite<l
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. •
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted in every town for Ladles'
Crown Hat Fastener: something new; no
competition; sample 25c. The Crown Mfg.
Co.. The Hewes building. 997 Market St., S. F.
WAITED— Second-hand set engineer's tools
and chest; cheap. Address B. R., box 1518.
Call office.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— SaIoon partner at 36 East st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— Carpets of an 8 or 10 room house;
central. J. T. TERRY. 421 California st.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel )avls 71.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD wanted in refined family for little
girl: references. Box 2245, Call.
YOUNG lady learning millinery would help In
nice family morning and evening In exchanga
for room and board. Box 2355."., Call office.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED to buy or rent a sliver plating
plant; also good plates. Address G. ii.
MONTGOMERY. 218 McAllister st.
WANTED— National cash register; cheap for
cash. Box 2262. Call office. ■
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLE MAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL..
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
|. es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
: surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
• graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
■ bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. .Atherton.
I nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write for clrculr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day A eve.;
i est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
! ENGLISH. Latin, mathematics, literature, a
specialty: hours 8 a. m. to 12 m.. and even-
Ings. MISS ROULSTON. 776 OTarrell St.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by profes-
sional: terms very reasonable. Box 1663, Call.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
j VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
" DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. COc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set. $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up; old plates made over. $1 up; all
I work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st, nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per get; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee ■of improved ■ bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. : corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. • DR. H. C
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.;, phone Mint 45.
ALL . kinds bought, Bold. : exchanged. rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth _t. ;
(16 LARKIN— Branch office of the Call. dub-
script ions and ' want ada taken."t BUSINESS CHANCES,
A— sl2s; CORNER saloon, with club rooms and
side entrance: rent $20; 2 blocks south of
Market st. WILKE, 753 Market st.
A— s3so; BATH house, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent $42; close to Kearny Bt. ;
kept by owner for years;. a first-class busi-
ness opening lor the right party. WILKE.
"S3 Market st.
A.— ssoo; restaurant; 1 block from cor. Fourth
and Market sts.; average daily receipts $45;
best class of customers; disagreement between
partners cause of sale. ■ WJLKE. 7.83 Market.
A.— sGoo; bakery and confectionery in choice
location. Western Addition; doing a large
store trade; 4 living rooms; rent $50; owner
enlisted as volunteer; a sacrifice. . WILKE.
753 Market Ft. v-TJV
A— S2OO— CORNER saloon, opp. factory, present
owner there 10 years?, wants to retire; daily
receipts $10; can be Increased. WILKE, 783
Market st. .>;■;-.
A— SI4OO— BEST paying day saloon In this city;
• average daily receipts $20: rent $50; lease.
Particulars, WILKE, 783 Market st.
$750— RESTAURANT and chop house on
Kearny St., 2 blocks from Chronicle; a money-
making place; kept by owner years; no 10-
cent meals; best customers; best prices; a
genuine bargain. WILKE, 783 Market st.
A— S22OO— RARE chance for Investment: flrst-
class saloon: close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up; clearing above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILKE, 753 Market St.
$650— SALOON, best business part of the City;
established 30 years; disagreement of part-
ners cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
23 Kearny st.
BUTCHER business; bargain. ~~
$650— Saloon; 6 furnished rooms.
$201 Saloon; bargain this day.
$1750— Livery stable.
$650— Saloon: bargain this day.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny 'St.
$630— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story; large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
(2300 — SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary st.
$1750— LIVERY stable; stock worth the price
asked; accident to proprietor cause of sale.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$300— CORNER saloon; going to Klondike, cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
— SALOON; 11 living-rooms; lear Oakland
ferry: doing fine business; rare chance: must
• be seen to be appreciated. M. LESS, 7C3
Market st.
— FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
st., in the heart of the city: well established
paying place. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$500— PARTNER wanted in an Al saloon busi-
ness In the vicinity of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
cellent trade; money-making place. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
A— S2SO— POULTRY, game, fruit and vegetable
- store in finest market; north of Market St.;
clearing $100 per month; trial. M. LESS.
765 Market st. ■ '
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22%
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$375 — Home restaurant: finest; best paying.
$500 — Stationery, books. Call and laundry office.
$700 Photograph gallery; oldest on coast:
$$00— Delicacy; fine corner with living rooms.
$SoO— Home bakery; 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
$450 — BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $150. KREDO & CO.. 22Vj Geary.
A GROCERY; b. bakery; stationery; sun-
ny rooms; laundry pays rent. KREDO & CO.,
224 Gear}' St.
WE can sell your business promptly for cash.
BURKE & CO., 917 Market st.
— GRAND chance: route for sale; 75 cus-
tomers; horse and wagon: clears $100 month-
ly; can be increased. BURKE & CO., 917
Market st.
CIGAR store! best bargain in city; sell-
Ing on account of death owner: near Mar-
ket st. BURKE & CO.. 917 Market st.
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar: without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted: commission business.
$200— Saloon; old-established; good corner.
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO.. 777 Market.
PARTNER, or will sell cheap; small' manu-
facturing business: no experience; 200 cus-
tomers: the only one on the Coast. 515 Eighth
st., Oakland.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; a bargain; will take
partner. 753 Market st. ; basement.
SALOON for sale cheap; no night work. 506
Clay st.
A^sl6o— RESTAURANT; see this bargain;
good location. Apply £27 Mission st. ■
SALOON among factories; must be sold; owner
leaving city: offer wanted. Apply 24% Third.
j750 — COFFEE and chop house; pays yell; oppo- j
site ferries; offer wanted. Apply Ittt Third. !
A RARE chance for Investment In Oakland: \
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250 ;
per month; same owners 8 years; positively
no opposition near; place located on (unction
of best two streets; cheap rent; reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
FOR Sale, cheap— Pork and delicacy store; 2
rooms furnished; rent $10; paid up to June;
other business to attend to; call and investi-
gate. 3535 Seventeenth st.
PARTNER In horseshoeing shop; best In
city $400
Restaurant; Market St.; clears $100 mo.. 650
Meat market; receipts $300 week; a snap.. 275
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
IF you want to buy a paying variety business :
cheap, cash or trade for country home, I
have one to sell on account of sickness. Ad- i
dress Store; box 2239, Call office; no agents.
FOR Sale— Bakery and notion store. $75; 3 liv-
ing rooms: r^nt $10: value in sight; must be !
sold this week; trial given. Inquire at 252 i
Eighth st. «
FOR Sale— Saloon north of Market; doing good 1
business: no agent. Particulars C. PETEII- I
SON, 533 Post St.
FOR SALE— old established saloon on East
st.; good reasons given. Address B. A., box
2219, Call office.
GROCERY and bar; first-class location; a
rare opportunity. Inquire Retail Grocer, 21*
California Bt.
CHEAP— Branch bakery, notion and candy
store; 4 sunny living rooms. 1351 Harrison.
LAUNDRY route and horse and wagon for
sale at a sacrifice. Box 2238, Call office. • -•
CORNER saloon; must sell this week. 400 Mc-
Allister st.
GOOD old paying stationery; woman can make
good living. Apply Call office. ■
PROMINENT plumbing business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business street;
price asked Is all in stock; good reason for i
selling. Box 1712, Call office.
FINE cigar store to let or for sale; good loca-
tion. Inquire Mount Shasta saloon, 53 McAl-
lister St.. near City Hall.
WANTED— To buy grocery anl bar. notion
- store, dry goods store, for cash; must be a
* bargain. Box 2282. Call. <
WHOLE or half interest; best-paying butcher
shop in this city; trial given. For reference
" apply box 2257, Call office.
WELL-ESTABLISHED candy business;
trial given. 2017 Flllmore st.
FINE saloon for sale cheap; good business.
Inquire 2006 Flllmore st.
FINE Examiner route to lease; 900 names;
good district. Box 2259. Call office.
FOR Home bakery; good paying business;
established years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
PARTNER wanted; dressmaking: free rent;
would teach her. Particulars at 207 Taylor.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; 3 living
rooms. 329 Fifth st. . '
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln, Cal.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; Investigate. 117 Flllmore st.
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia sts., Stockton.
FOR sale— First-class restaurant, saloon and
family resort on Market St.; cheap tent; will
be sold at a low figure to a good party. In-
quire at McLEOD & HATJE'S, wholesale
liquor dealers. 616 Market st. • . '
MEXICO. '■'.-'.'. .. - •
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais- .
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco,, rubber, vanilla,
etc • large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 78 Chroal-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and >
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico. . ,
$10, $50. $100 CAN be Invested where it will
yield as large a profit .as is consistent with
safety; send for our free booklet "How
Money Grows." RIGGS & CO.. Bourse,
Philadelphia, Pa. •
Al BUTCHER shop for sale; very cheap; other
business to attend to. Call at once and - in-
vestigate. Box 1476, Call office.
FOR SALE— route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business of flee or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose. .....
HORSERADISH and pickle stand In well-
known market; retiring from business; great
bargain. Address L. H.. box 1461. Call Office.
PARTNER wanted — Good-paying • restaurant
and coffee saloon; Montgomery st. Address
Box 1453. Call. - - ■• ■■■:■ ■ ■■'■■ c:
RARE — Brewery near San Francisco for
sale or to let cheap, with all brewing utensils.
Apply at Call office.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; splendid
opportunity. Box 1538, Call . office. * » . . 1
. - ■- ..,.■■
BUSINESS -CHANCES— Continued.
P^T^EN?TS^^Mr7?rXT)SBORN, Regiet'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
C "FEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. |
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento s*.
LODGING ;? .^USES FOR SALE.
HENRY^TIJeCKER. 1020 MARKET ST..
&- SUCCESSFUL — —
: AND RELIABLE BROKER.- — ■
Over 20 Years on Market St. '
■. A new list every day; all sizes and prices;
• call and see me; I can suit for cash or pay-
ments. , : .. ■_;;.. .-" - „
• 24 rooms on Howard; new $ 600
14 rooms on Eddy st. ; new 250
2S-room house; worth $1500; price 475
60-room hotel and bar '•• 3200
46 rooms; sunny comer ••• 1500
14 rqems; corner house; new and g00d.... 400
H. C. DECKER, & CO. , 1020 Market st.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms; elegant furniture; new piano.. .$l7lO
15 rooms; Post st. ; location Al 830
18 rooms; lovely place: only. 6°o'
19 room»; rent $27; money-maker 450
20 rooms; rent $55: investigate this 500
■ 21 rooms: rent $25:- income $100 425
32 rooms; rent $100; Income $225 850
41 rooms; rent $140; near Orpheum 2750
; 44 rooms; rent $100; strictly first-class 1300
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, • 22^4
Geary st.
110 rooms; safe Investment; clears $250 $4500
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2"00
10 rooms: Market; central: all lull 700
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices... 2600
25 rooms: best on Post: bargain... li-so
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 800 j
6 room flat: Ellis St.; free .rent i... 2ao i
: Hundreds of others at your own price. j
22 rooms, nicely furnished, on broad avenue;
large; doing paying business; price $1000. E.
O. JUDD & CO., 1424 Park St., Alameda.
COMFORTABLY furnished house S rooms: rent
cheap; water free; good business location: 3
car lines; price cheap. Address box 2243.
Call office. _^
HANDSOME house. 16 elegantly furnished
rooms: 1 block of Baldwin: gentlemen room-
ers; running water: paying. Box 500, Call.
TO Small lodging house, furnished. Ap-
ply afternoon, 11K0 Folsom st., barroom.
MONTGOMERY. 627. cor. Clay— Open until 9:!«
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subaorip-
tlons and want ads taken.
~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
GIVING up housekeeping: furniture, carpets,
china ware, kitchen utensils for sale- at 1016^4
Mission st., from 9 a. m. to-day. May 9.
FURNITURE of gallery, 1140 Market st.; also
oak desk and mimeograph; must vacate to-
day: call early.
THE Rapid Packing Company; furniture and
household goods packed for shipment: esti-
mates given. 505 Kearny st. : tel. Main 315.
NEW furniture. 2 rooms; suitable for living
rooms, offices. 1069 Broadway, Oakland, r. 1.
CONTENTS of a finely furnished 6-room flat.
Apply 475 Guerrero St., near Seventeenth.
FURNITURE of a 6-room flat for sale at 606»/4
Elizabeth St. .
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms for sale at a bar-
gain. Address box 1513. Call office.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED— man going to Alaska to
handle a good cheap portable boat: good
chance to make expenses of the trip. Address
care Call office. ;
FOR Lawson City, steamer Northern Light—
Fastr-ft boat on the Yukon, far* flrst-ciass
$150; freight {200 per ton; 150 pounds . baggage
free; leaves Seattle June 1. Oiflce 36 East st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling rood upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bar-ains
In good second-hand uprights up( n same easy
payments and some good planes for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. . SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
. Steinway dealers, corner Ilearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest r.nd lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, j
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all \
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low- ;
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ■
OUR bargain room Is the cheapest place on the
coast to secure choice snaps; several elegant
high-grade pianos, costing $500 to $700 for
Bale at Jl5O cash: cheaper pianos if you wish;
agents for the celebrated Hardman. J. DEW -
ING CO., 2d floor. Flood bldg. 4th & Market.
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st.. agents Conover, Kingsbury and
other pianos: opened May 1; new stock: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection Invited.
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain:
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a Cl-ickering for
$?0; examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
BOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Bripirs and other pianos; pee our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
A GREAT victory on land: "Crown" piano
over the entire "single-tone" brigade. Call
on HOCKETT BROS. & CO., 230 Post st.
BECHSTEIN baby grand; . guaranteed;
for sale; $5 installments. 221 L<?aven worth st.
$75— A splendid piano: good tone; $5 down; $3
per month. 225 Sutter st.
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
NEW fine $100 upright, slightly damaged; $190.
Room 12, Flood building..
A STEINWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUKC'S Nev/ Store, 216 McAllister st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; $2 and up per
month. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St., flat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. IB" McAllister
St., next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ. .
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 . Post.
KNABE pianos: new &cale; .ew styles.
KOHLER *: CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ».nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh at —
Want an> and subscriptions taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
SODA fountain, used one year, for less than
half cost; good as new. 615 Larkln st.
FOR sale — Good heavy mare, harness and
buggy. Call to-day and Monday, 4028 17th st.
SCHOONER yacht for sale; cheap; ton. H.
BRAND. 631 Ellis St. .
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. 8. WHITE, 618 Mission st.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
for sale cheap. 25618 Market st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods: new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above sixth.
FOR Sale — up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains In . new machines which
have been returned for non-payment.. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st. /'/ '
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. •
BAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 9. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per do». ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, seal*, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay gt. \ .
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. : etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
.-'« CARPET CLEANING.:
CITT Steam Carpet- eanlng Work»; cleans,
Troves, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS, M«r..
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted ■ :th poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
■ -ting Works, 363-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. * 40.
CARPETS • steam cleaned .at lowest - rates. 'J.
McQueen, C.C.C. Co., 453 Stevenson; tel. 5.228.
CARPETS cleaned at So per yard;: relaid at 3c
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern » am . Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. vB. GRANT, tel/ Jessie 201.
JE. MITCHELL Cr -net-Clean lng C0., ,t0 14th
st; cleaning 3c a yard;, tel. Mission 74. :.-.•■ ■
J WATTS, • reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wkg. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter;
teL Main 394~^3E0. . WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.:. tel. East 126.
: : ; . physicians. '■' ■■ ■ :'- c \-.
■■■■■' :•---=• -'.•'•,'■„*' ,;.. ' ..-.I -."-.- -iJiL "- iV. -. ■■*■-'-- --"-,-'
DR. C. C. O'DO^NEltiu oflice ,' and ' residence, 1
tfbt Market; diseases of women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
| ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
I lfornla and Lake: prices will surprise you.
KARCtTSX & RF.MMEL, 62S Market St.
i HOUSE 4 rooms, attic and stable. Inquire 820
i Jessie st., oft Ninth; rent reasonable.
1 SACRAMENTO, 1620. between Larkin and Polk
— Fine 2-story and basement house; 10 large
rooms; rent $65.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, near Hampshire— «
rooms, bath; large yard; rent $16.
2 TENEMENTS; 4 rooms each; $8 50 and $10.
812 Jessie St.. near Ninth; key at grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ASHBURY, 216— Sunny, nicely furnished house,
5 rooms; bath; piano.
BIRCH aye., 5, off Larkin St., near Grove-
Four rooms and bath; nicely furnished^
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath; yard;
3524 Nineteenth st. Inquire UMBSEN &
CO.; rent $15.
FURNISHED modern house, 9 rooms, near
park: rent $60. Box 1532. Call office.
TAYLOR, Slo— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:80 and
4 pm.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, S62SA— Sunny cottage 5 rooms, base-
; ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
BUNNY cottages of 4 .*nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th st. . near Dolores.
$7— SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th ami Mission. Apply 64 Silver St.. off 3(l^
$20— COTTAGE; 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2P6S Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
A SNAP— Lower flat 2160 Fifteenth St., near
Noe; modern 5 rooms, bath and basement;
sunny side; rent $16.
CHEAPEST fiats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $1S and $20; Capp st., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHENERY, 92, near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 6
rooms and bath, $12; 4 rooms and bath, $10.
DORE, 319— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; furniture for
sale or to rent; rent $8. Bet. Bryj^it and
Brannan.
EIGHTH. 310%— 3 rooms, nice order; $9^
ELEGANT lower flat; Just completed; beauti-
fully tinted; newest improvements; 6 rooms:
three bay-windows. Shrader St., near Waller.
ELEGANT new fJats, nearly ready; fine loca-
tion; light and sunny; beautiful view.
Buchanan St.. bet. Oak and Page.
FLAT sunny 6 rooms. $14; also cottage, sunny
4 rooms, $10. Key 623 2d st.. near Townsend.
MINNA, 612V4— Flat of 5 rooms; fit for 2 fam-
ilies: rent $12.^
NE. CORNER Hayes and Webster— Flat of 6
! rooms and bath. Inquire 734 Hayes St.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
NINETEENTH, 2984, corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
POLK, 1710, near Clay— New bay-window
sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath, $25^
I POND, 47. off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 6-room flat;
$15; water free.
SCOTT, 2038, corner Sacramento— Sunny 8-room
upper flat, with attic.
PMALL sunny upper flat, completely furnished;
piano; references; $22. 2110 Baker st.
SUNNY, modern: 4 rooms and bath. 4 Tremont
aye., near Waller St., Golden Gate Park.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath: water free: rent $14.
THIRTEENTH. 220, near Howard — Upper
sunny fiat; 5 rooms and bath; rent only $15.
THIRTEENTH, 531— Sunny flat; rent cheap;
6 rooms; bath; car Market; apply premises.
j 4 ROOMS; sunny and modern; southeast cor-
ner 25th and Folsom. Apply on premises.
5 ROOMS; sunny and modern; 1229 Clay st. Ap-
j.ly on premises.
$&— VALLEJO. 11235. near Leavenworth — 4
rooms; large separate yard; rent reduced.
$r<— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1:25 Minna St., bet. 11th and 12th.
$20— MODERN flat, 6 rooms and bath; water
free. 3579 Seventeenth st., near Noe.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
CsH. In wrapper, for mailing.
FURNISHED FLATS.
MODERN sunny upper furnished flat. 6 rooms;
r^:>renrf». • Apply "G. H. I'.MI.SK.V at CO.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 446 Thirteenth, corner Guerrero, sunny
furnished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath;
$10.
AT 622 Polk — Sunny suite: unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
AT 52 Second 6t., nice clean light housekeeping,
6lngle and double rooms, $1 week up.
BUSH. 621— Large front suite, well furnished
and separate kitchen, with bath, $17.
EDDY, 604 — Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room, with kitchen; also single rooms.
FELL, 459—2 nicely furnished front rooms;
housekeeping or single; private family; bath.
FIFTH, 814—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng. rooms; bath; stove; closet; private; $10.
FOLSOM, 625— Large sunny furnished room,
light housekeeping, $1 50 weekly.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
IT I, TON, 121—2 fine sunny furnished front
rooms; range; large yard; rent $12.
GEARY, 1917 — 4 comfortable rooms for adults:
gas and coal stoves; 2 beds; all necessaries;
$2a
GROVE, 50S — Furnished front room; private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
HAVES, 562— Sunny bay-window front suite;
complete; housekpg; gas range; private fam.
HOWARD, 819, The Hanover— Sunny house-
keeping suites from $8 to $10 per month.
HYDE, r.ll — Nice sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; yard; $10.
LARKIN 822— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
MISSION. 023H:— Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gas; bath.
MINNA, 436—2 large furnished rooms for house-
keeping; back parlor and kitchen; rent $10.
NATOMA, 645—3 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite rooms; light house-
keeping; running water; cook stove; others.
SIXTH, 132 — Sunny suite; nice furniture; run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 furnished rooms, $6
and $9; also housekeeping rooms.
SUITE of two nice front sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; folding bed in kitch-
en; bedroom euH to match In bedroom; fur-
niture all new; $3 per week; suitable for 4 or
6 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission
St., between First and Second.
SUNNY front double room; also housekeep-
ing; 55 and $7 per month. 549& Minna st.
TURK. 543 — Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas and bath; rent $14 and $16.
TWENTY-THIRD, 5328, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 618 — 2 sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; including bath; $34.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat: 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
WILLOW aye., 30, off Larkin, nr. Eddy— l or 2
sunny furnished front housekeeping rooms;
cnal or gas stove: bath: reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-cla»*
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hyde, 609; Sutter, 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— New elegantly rurnFahed
rms.; gentlemen, families; elevator, transient.
DELAWARE. 1161 Market— Furnißhed single
and double rooms. $8 and SlO mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 118— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $6 60.
EDDY, 212 <The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
60c to $1 : week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY. 614— Large handsomely furnished room;
closets, running water, bath; also small room.
$6 to $10-
EDDY, 761— Large sunny front room. $8.
ELEVENTH, 124 A —Single, newly furnished
sunny front room, $5 per month.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $S week.
ELLIS, 432— Nicely furnished front and back
single rooms, |6 and |S a month; bath; gas.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny • unfurnished
rooms to let. ■ - . ;* .
FOLSOM, 766^4 — Neatly furnished rooms; $4
and $5: every convenience. -• '-.
FRANKLIN,' 21 (Newport House)— Sunn y. bay-
window' rooms; gas; running water; reason-
able. .; -.-- ■ ■ - -■•-, .- :- ■■-.■■ -..■■-
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY. 667— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; private family ; references. ,
GEARY, 774— A large sunny *uite. nicely fur-
nished. In a refined private family. i;'
GOLDEN GATE. 523— Newly furnished single
S and double rooms; private family; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house : $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites ; single: sunny reading room: 25c up.
HOWARD. 1217,4—F urnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
MASON. 18 (Sliver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 60 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 611— Nicely furnlßhed sunn/
back parlor, suitable for 2; $7 per month. ]
MINNA, 607. corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week. ;
MINNA, 1039, between Eleventh and Twelfth-
Large Bunny front room, furnished: also sin-
' gle rooms and bath. .•
MISSION, 763— A fine ■ large ' front room; fur-
nished for 2; $8 a -month.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 126— Sunny furnished single and
double room: private family; bath.
i O'FARRELL. 210 A— Bunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL. 290— Two sunny rooms, furnish-
ed or unfurnished: reasonable; references.
O'FARRELL. 327— Handsomely furnished front
room: also single .rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL, 519— Sunny room in private fam-
ily; rent $8. '- _^ ■ ; ■ ■ ■ .
O'FARRELL, 770— Handsome sunny suite of
parlors; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family. -' " *• ■■'■ . -, L .
POLK, 1403— Large bay-window sunny room;
nicely furnished. -'..;. '. ■
POST, C22— Sunny suite or single rocma; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny room for gentleman; upper
. flat; private family; $8.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; gas; bath. * ■^^
POWELL. 147. and 211 O"Farrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day. week or month.
rTsS, 127— Single sunny ' furnished " room;
closet; $4. ' - ' . ; . .
, TAYLOR. 211— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
! single or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 715— A lovely furnished parlor suite,
- with piano; references. .. .... ...
TENTH. 123, near Market— 2 large sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping if desired.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 'iS Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished."
TAYLOR. 109 — -Tie rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
larpe sunny room $2 week. -
ROOMS Ai«D BOARD.
EDDY, Rooms and board; single, $20;
suites, $50. .
EDDY. 616— Wanted young lady to room and
board, private family; reasonable.
E—EGANT sunny rooms; new house: new fur-
niture; also first-class meals: healthiest part
of San Francisco. Th« Slrius. 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms; best j
board: $5 per week. .. 1
ELLIS, 577— Nicely furnished sunny front suite
with board for 2. 3 or 4; terms reasonable.
FULTON, 833 (The Mizpah)— A qu.et family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single . and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE. 1105 (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board; nice location;, new management.
HYDE, — Double and single rooms; first-
class board: Spanish; $36 a month up. . _
HYDE. 925— Sunny rooms; pood board: pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. ' Erctherton. '
NICE room with board for 2; $3S. 613 Golden
Gate aye. . '-'. ; ■■■.--.■■ : ■■ - . -
PINE, 743— Sunny single rooms; excellent board;
/ $20 per month. ■- y■ • ■ .■ • .. _ --. . • • ■!
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good • table card. .$3 per
ii! week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W.F. Evans. ]
THE Longworth, 532; Geary— Remodeled; ele-
-. gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and : ads taken. . ■ .'
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED, kind home for children: careful
training; music lessons;- $S 50 monthly. J.
F.. box 7. Call office, Oakland.
CHILDREN boarded. $10 to $13 a month. 2134
I Essex st., Peralta P. P., South Berkeley, Cal.
LADY wishes children to board. ' 1120 Chestnut
. st.,;, Alameda. . . . .
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; near
school. 51 Clara st. . :
WANTED, by a German widow, a child ts
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1728, Call Office. ■
AN elderly lady will take Infant* to board: a
mother"* rare: reference" 234H Sixth st.
4 STORES TO LET.
MISSION. 2946— Store, with rooms. .'-. ■•
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
DO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong. $2; cure. $5.
A SURE cure when others fall for all female
troubles: every woman her own physician:
cured at once; never fails; can be sent and
used at home; safe treatment guaranteed;
travelers . helped In a few hours; consulta-
tion free; If you want to be 'seated safe and
sure call on a physician with' men's knowl-
edge. DR. POPPER. 313 Kearny st. „
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female . diseases; ; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per j box. sent free .by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER 8R03.. S3
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before - pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any. cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge: restores
' strength and vigor of organ unexcelled ;. ma-
ternity home: best medical attendance; low
fees: cure. $5; pills, $1: when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
A TREATMENT that restores . all cases of
monthly irregularities , (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have, failed: no instruments used;
home In confinement: pills and capsules, $1:
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential : hours 10 to 5 and 1, to B.* MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all fern a!*
diseases: a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick nr discour-
aged call on the ooctor and state their cast;
they will find In her a true friend. ; MRS -
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: prlc»
: II 60. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
tc stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
, facturing Co.. , 631 : X St.. • Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies wtth
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; 12 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until ■ too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments;- cures all monthly
; , irregularities; no medicine: no pain: lady at-
■■■ tendant; : hours 9-4, r- 7-8. . 2208V4 ■ Mission : st. :
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom st., takes ladles
at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything, strictly confidential., ,
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister st. 7 diseases of wo-
men and children. - .■■.■•■ •.- .; .-.;•■" , :
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueti: Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of woman.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth at.. Alamada.
ELEVENTH, lOfi— Branch office of. Tba Call.
;■ Subscriptions and want ads taken. ■:■.:':.■',..-■:>>_
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
% Call:. .Sent >to any address *In the , Ui.ltocl
, States or Canada , one year for SI CO. posta«» :
..TYPEWRITERS. ;.
TO exchange— A' 12-gauge La • Fevre 'hammer -
'-. less ■ shotgun for , a No. ; 2 ; Smith ;■ Premier cr
Hartford typewriter. Address box ;ZIS&,; Z1S&, Call.
ALL I typewriters sold j and I anted; !f aw partly
■ used - for n«le cheap: I send I for ' samples | and
- 1 prices. ALEXANDER _ CO.. HO li<>Bt«omirr
PERSONALS. .
LEARN to hypnotize: greatest wonder of th«
age; hours of fun; we teach the quickest and
best method on earth; you can make the weak
as strong as a lion or the bully as timid as a
child; cures disease or bad habits; causes
others to "come" to you, love and • obey ■ you;
success guaranteed: diplomas issued. CALI-
FORNIA INSTITUTE, 402 Mi Geary ; st. ■:,---
MARY E. COLLIER, who lived in San Fran-
cisco in 1864-66, or her next of kin. will re-
ceive valuable information on communicating
with OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney. for absent
heirs, 50? Kearny St., San Francisco.
BUSINESS i ERSONALS.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from- what-
ever cause): travelers treated; w fhr»t :<1»lav:
home in confinement; skillful medical attend-
ance: no instruments used; cure at office. $5;
consultation free; hours 10 to I and 7 to 8.
DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
GRAY hair makes the ladles look old. Why
not call at 560 Gutter St., Mme. . Garrissere's
•-halrdressing parlors? She will restore It. to
its natural color. New process for shampoo-
ing; telephone Black 2952.
HARD brushing or too much washing is bad
for the hair; I dress hair for 25c; ■* good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. •
! WANTED— Two good men to . complete • party
going to Alaska by the way of St. Michael,
taking our own steamer. For particulars
call at once at 1519 Eighth aye., E. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $180 per night; $160 to- $6 per 'week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
I trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st. ,
I QUINONIA— A peerless hair tonic; use it. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. . .
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. . .. -
SUITS to order on easy - installments. • L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and «th. ..
DRESSMAKERS. . . ;
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. ' '; .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden rr stery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family '-oubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled — nerty; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction. guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
i special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
| ■ 25 and 26, 1206 Mar -et St., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON: palmist; card-reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, room 10.
CONSULT a gifted clairvoyant. 41 Minna Ft.,
basement. • - • • -_—••
YOUR future told by cards, also psychometry,
25c. . 424 Tehama St., near Fifth: - ;
ARRIVED— Prof. Blsh<-p. walking medium:
• tells your life f torn cradle to grave. 27"' 4 th.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to all
questions; L., 25c; G.. 60c; no sign. 3 7th St.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by ■ planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23 1 Sixth, rm. 6.
MME. MOREAU. .best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell, st.
j MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: ;huslne«*
advice: names given: 23c up. 6 Fourth. St.- | I
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr Oro-
fesslon: never falls: advice: ielr>. ?J« Post.
j MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant, ;
■•card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call: want .
ad* end fnhpcrlotlons 'ak»Ti. ' . • . ;
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J. BERGEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed in your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choice of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2. j
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, ■ card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS. SEELY, grand test meeting to-night.
1133 -Mission St.; test to all; 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 10c. 605 McAllister St.: fine music. .
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
' MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123V4 Sixth st., room 2. '
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. : read-
Ings $1; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. : Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
23! Stockton St.: old No. 218.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st. ■ ■.-
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402>£ Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
LOST.
MRS. OLIVE A. MASTERS, of 2^21 Lincoln
aye.. Alameda. in San Francisco, at 4 o'clock,
Friday afternoon, lost 4 $1000 bonds of thi
city of Portland, Me. ; 5 shares of stock of
the Lime Rook Bank, of Thomaston, Me.,
value $SCO; 1 promissory note for $1600,' signed
by L. W. Masters, Thomaston. Me. ; lost be-
tween Safe Deposit building,, corner Mont-
gomery and California sts. anfl Hale Bros.'
store, or on the McAllister st. car; bonds
and stock registered in the name of G.W.
K. Masters. Reward will be paid for their
return to HUGH S. ALDRICH, 906 Broadway,
Oakland. - ; .  ■
LOST— Friday night in or about Corb»tt's sa-
loon, a black leather pocketbook with refer-
ences and other papers of no value to. any
one but owner; .liberal reward with no ques-
I tions asked. Return to fruit store, 133 Turk.
LOST — Friday night; when coming home from
Morosco's. lady s gold Waltham watch with
piece broken off of stemwlnder.' Return to
19 Hawthorne st., and receive ■ reward. . .-.
LOST — boy's overcoat on Union st. car; re-
ward. 944 Fol3om st. . ;■■:
STRAYED from Ashbv aye.. ■" Berkeley, about
March 7, dark Ansrnra. cat, answering ■: to
■ name of Tuts!e; brown diamond-shaped spot
between shoulders. Finder receive liberal re-
• ward returning same to Angora : Cattery. 557
Ellis St., San Francisco. : >•«* .-.;•.•-■■
LOST— A pass book with the I~!bernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, 1 " the
name of CATHERINE FARRELL, No. 215,165.
The finder .will please return to bank. _
LOST, May 5, . 1898—1 yellow opal drop ear-
ring. Address 2000 McAllister st. ; reward.
LOST— pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and ■ Loan Society of San < Francisco, .in - the
name ,of - JOHN CALLAGHAN, No. . 162.550.
Finder will please return ■to ■ bank. ' .
HORSES.
ON account of .departure .a well : . matched
young carriage team, drives ', singe, double,
'A- surry, rockaway, buggy, harness, etc.. sad-
' dle horses, saddles, etc. Address Dr. W. L.
box 2266, Call office. - ' --.;:-■
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
.Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. ;P. , NEWELL. , . -
40 tTORC-S for sale: also r wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 , Sixth St., auction sales every ' Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. ' Auctioneers.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .-.■ :>, :-' >%£
~~ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST..
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade ■ for
.- ■ •- Town or Country. ■- ■--■■:
Newest Designs in Form, Color or Trim.
- Best Business Buggies on Earth. • »
Good Second-hand. Broughams, Landaus; Carts
and Buggies, Taken In - Exchange, 
- for Sale at Low Prices. ' '■■'■'
Bargains, : new and ' second-hand - carriages-
Coupe $30; surrey, $85; village cart. $40; sulky
cj»rt $35; top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
milk and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash. : ■_ •.■•■■"•. •■•••:.
Bull's Head Repository, loth and Valencia sts.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. -Can be
seen' at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate a<re.
and Polk st. . ■ '.-. - "-'" -'- '-'' '■.':'■'■
NEW peddler's wagon, light delivery wagon.
" light buggy. 1370 Turk st. ■.:■■■, .•■■ ■■' -y-i -^ -:■-
CIAL ; sale of ' harness ' and vehicles. Lle-
T bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln.opp. City Hall.
PINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top pnd opea
;. buggy: also 1 hack. : 828 Harrison St. ' . :■
. . PASTURAGE^ V ; -^r.^.
WANTED— About 75 head of cattle on shares;
fine greelT feed. Address K. L. NEVINS, 723
Market St.. room 7. San Francisco, or 619
Seventeenth - St.. Oakland. - - • •■-.■- ■■v^-'.-rv ',-
r ATTORNEYS ;AT ! LaW; • ■'■' ■. "
ADVICE free -on all legal; matters. T. F.
; STACK. 14 McAllister st;:: : ■;• . ' ■ . : .-js.-><
ADVICE '- free; - 1 no ?- charge " unless f successful.
f W. "W. i DAVIDSON. 927 Market it. : . •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CALIFORNIA. ... -HI
; The best place In the world ■
. —For Investments, , :—: — : — —
— — For Investments. — — —
— $1200. : •
Lovely 4-rooms-and-bath cottage; new; lot
1 25i125; only one-half cash.
— : 1: . :—: — $3000. = ' ' '"■
: . .Two fiats; near Jones and Geary sts.. .
«— — — — — ____ _____ _ $5500 — — __—..---_———
Six nice flats; near Seventh and Market st*. ;
.---;'' rent» over $700; term* one-half cash.
$5500. ~
• Choice flats; lot 2 fronts; rents $60.
• $9000. ;
Four flats; lot 35x120; nr. O'Farrell and Hyde.
• $34,000.
Geary st. . near Kearny; 2 frontages.
— — $36,000.
Corner; 110x137:6;. partly improved; rents $3240.
1 $50.000. —
Four-story brick; lot 30-foot front; nr. Tlvoll.
— $130.000.
Four-story elegant Investment corner: • 100-
foot front: near Baldwin: rents about $800.
Free catalogue. A. M. SPECK &CO., 602 Mkt.
$3000— EXCHANGE, pair new flats, city, 5 rooms
each. HOVEY, 8, second floor. Mills building.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements; terms to suit; tot 26:3x100.
. Apply, at premise*. 2527. Harrison st., bet.
21st and 22d. '
$650— COTTAGE 4 rooms and bath for sale. .9
Couvicr St.. near old St. Mary's College.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States of Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. ______________
COUSTRY REAL ESTATE.
$1600—150 acres level land; 65 acres In crop:
house, barn, etc.: near Lakeport, Lake Co.;
one-half cash. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.,
room 4. :
IN Mendoclno County. 400 acres for stock. |2M
a year: rent In advance. Address D. DAVIS.
Frultvale, Alameda County. ' ■
FOR sale— soo acres choice grain and dairy
farm, well suited for apple, prune and pear
orchard; 2% miles from Petaluma, Sonoma
County; improvements, dwelling, barn, out-
houses: cross fenced; well watered: heavy
grain hay and grass crops, even this year
of drouth; terms reasonable. Apply to WIL-
FRED PAGE. 302 California St.. room 11.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $.» an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co. OiL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ' '
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 43 tnlnit"*
from the city:. cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAVT> TT>TTST rr> . -in Market «t. |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB . BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
GLOBE Houb<k 821 Howard— Per night 25c to
$1: .week. $1 to $4: reading-room; Howard cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AN» BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LOKNE. 562 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunn 7 front rooms,
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st.
FURNISHED HOUSE IN PIEDMONT.
FOR RENT— For two, three or ■ four months;
nicely furnished: all complete for housekeep-
ing; including piano; also stable; grounds
cared for by the owner; will rent to small
family for $30 per month. Apply or address
AS. S. NAISMITH, owner, 464 Ninth St..
Oakland. Choicest location. ■ .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GIVEN away— s3ooo; lot 58x104; cottage 6 rooms,
bath : SW cor. Park st. and Blandlng aye. ;
property on easy Installments in all parts of
Alameda. C. .J. LANCASTER, Real Estate
Agent, Notary Public. 1340 Park St., Alameda.
_ ,—., — . 1 .
SNAP — house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply 'to i owner, 1612 Chaptn St.
I 1750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
■choolhous*.
200— Sacrifice: corner lot 3SXI4»: good nous* of
. 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1000— 50x150: fine cottage at T room* and
bath: ne».r Chestnut station. . 1
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot «>xlso: only
j 2 blocks from station and hfgn school.
— New house of 7 rooms • and batb: lot
42x150: choice location; very easy te«ns.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1482 Park st
CFF\PFST and best in America— Weekly
Cull. , Sent to any address In th«» Un*"<l
Ptfites or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
*r»>."-r~ -■ - _______________«__
, ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FT'RNISHED house. 9 rooms; bath; piano;
June and July. 2241 Clinton aye.. or J. S.
HOPKINS, 204 Pine gt. San Francisco.
WEBER, 1378,- near Enelnal station— Sunny
modem 7-room house, furnished or unfur-
nlghed: marine view. ' . ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4000— A thorough bargain— Large house, new,
lot '60x160: street work all done; cement aide-
walk; fine view: easy terms.- JOSEPH J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
EAST Berkeley— corner; etiret work
done: best . street near station; electric cars;
less $20 foot. T. P. STRONG. 460 Ninth St.,
Oakland. >.- ,
NEW honse of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap, In-
; quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom. ■'.-
~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange or for sale — i Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
large piece cf San Francisco property. Apply
111 Liberty st
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — To rent small ranch suitable for
raising poultry.. Address box 1529, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest - rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ■■"■'-■■
ANY amount at «M per cent on real estate; 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without : removal. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery at, room 3.
$5 UP to . any amount on ' Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. . M.B.
DOUGAN A CO.. 130 Kearny st. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
. tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : ML Green 201.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; bo re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI, 110 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 323 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture. pianos: sno removal; no
; commis. ; < low Interest Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
■ANT sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
: bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California st' .-
$5O TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages. estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, . furniture: no L removal: : lowest
rates; no com. ; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ada taken. -
_ FINANCIAL.
LOANS 'en ' real . estate, bonds, j etc.; lowest-
;: rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
— — PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet' Market and Eddy. "
. ; .-;> :. ■-."; STORAGE. ;Y :;;^
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. KEUMAN.
-. 121 Sixth st, : open evenings. : ;
TRUNKS, 25c a mo.; other goods t.t low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Butter 441.
AT low rates— furniture. •• ' carpets. ■ ■ pianos.
household goods; . clean, light compartments:
advances made. 'J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1031
Mission st. a I v« Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest Household goods, pianos: ad-
vances -^ made; '■■■■ fireproof building. •; T. W.
2EHFUSS. , 840 • Mission st. Tel. Mint 1881.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.:
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 194.
■ BKTHS—MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BETHUNE— In this : elty, April 2«. . 1898, to the
wife of G. .A. Bethuß* of : Butte, Mont., a
daughter. - *
——. — .. . "
DIED.
Alcher, Katie A. Loughran. Thomas
Braley. Andrew M. McLaughlin.' Michael
Burns. Mary E. Nesfleld, " David W. C.
Bruns, Conrad O'Neill, Thomas,
Collins, Sarah 1. ' Odalovich. Jevoto
Eaton, Frank E. Paulsen. Bernhard
FlUGerald. John C. Schenone. Giuseppe ■
Hannlgan, John Schwartz. Nicholas J.
Hayes, Margaret Smith, Martin O.
Hart. Dr. Samuel P. Skeehan. William EL
Heldborn, Charles W. Vahey, Thomas H.
Kroeger. William G. Vidovlch, Marco
/ Kenny, Maggie Walker, • Joseph M. .
AICHER— In this city. May 8, UK, Katie A.,
beloved daughter of Katharlna and the late-
Franz Alchpr. and sister of Olga. Frankand
Gustav A. Aicher, a native of San- Fran-
cisco.
I t^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BRALET— In Alameda. May 7. 1898. Andrew
M. Braley. a native of Massachusetts, aged
76 years and 9 months.
-CfyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 1017 Pierce
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
BURNS— In this city. May 6. IS9S, Mary E..
beloved wife of the late Patrick D. Burns,
and mother of Annie X., Tessle C Thomas
P. and Frank E. Burns and Mrs. Mary J.
Breen. ; a native of County Sllgo, Ireland.
ICTTho funeral will, take place this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 319 Tenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing 'at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery- by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Kindly omit flowers.
BRUNS— In this city. May S. 1898. Conrad,
dearly beloved husband of Margaretha Bruns.
and father of Mrs. John J. Holtermann.
John C. Bruns and Mrs. P. Sehultz. a native
of Arbergen, Amt Achlm. Hanover. Germany,
aged 63 years 9 months and 7 days. A mem-
ber of Germanla Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 252S>i Bryant street, near Twenty-
fourth, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of
Mancet and Seventh streets. where funeral
services will be h»ld under the auspices i?f
G»rmnnia Lodge No. 116. I. O. Q. F., com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
COLLINS— In . this city. May 1, UK, Sarah
Irene, beloved twin daughter of John - and
Sarah Collins, a native- of San - Francisco.
■ aged 6 years and 9 months. -
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the : uneral this day
(Monday), nt 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 126 Castro street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EATON— In this city. May 8. IS9B. Frank E.,
beloved husband of Pauline S. Eaton, and
father of Stella Eaton, a native of Elgin.
111., aged 49 years 4 months and 8 days.
CT^Not'ce of funeral hereafter.
FTTZ GERALD— In this city. May 7. 1898. John
C, beloved husband of Eva .Medora ..Fits
~ Gerald, and son-in-law of the' late W. W.
Main, a native of Brooklyn. X. Y. (New
York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
E?"FriendE are respectfully Invited to at-
tend • the funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of Mrs.
M. T. Main, 911 Oak street. Interment pri-
vate.
HANNIGAN— In Oakland, May 6, IS9B. John,
beloved husband . of Ellen Hnnnlgan, and-
father of the Rev. J. B. Hannlgan, the late
Brother Ulplan. Sister M. Dominica and Tes-
sie, John, • Willie and Mary Hanniean. a
native of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 64 years
and ? months. ■ •
{C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), from Sacred. Heart . Church.
Fortieth and Grove streets, where " a solemn
requiem mass will, be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment private, St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
HAVES— In this city. May 6. IS9B. Margaret
Hayes, beloved mother of Mrs. J. F. Mar-
■ phy. Mrs. M. Morrisey and Mrs. H. Dono-
van, a native of the parish of Killarney,
County Kerry, Ireland. aged 90 years.
lE?" Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock., from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. J. F. Murphy.
Sol Jessie street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will b«»
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .-. . 1
HART— In this city. May 7. IS9S. Dr. Samuel
P. Hart, father of Mrs. Laura C. Copper, and,
grandfather of Mrs. O. P. Spauldlng, a native
of Canada, aged 87 years and 10 months.
HEIDBORN— In this city. May 8. 1898, Charles
. W.. beloved husband of Marie Heldborn. a
native of Stralsund, Pommern, Germany,
aged 40 years 11 months and 21 days.
KROEGER— In this city, May 6. 1898. Wil-
liam G., dearly beloved husband of Herminle
Kroeger, and father of Fred E. Kroeger, a
native of Germany, aged 55 years.
KENNY— In this city. May 6, 1898. Maggie,
beloved wife of Bernard Kenny, and mother
of Louise, Henry and James Kenny.
LOUGHRAN— In this city. May 5. 1898. Thomas,
beloved husband of Marguerite Loughran,
and father of Blanche, Edward L. and Frank
P. Loughran, Mrs. John J. O'Farrell and Mrs.
James W. Garneau, a native of County
' Meath,' Ireland, aged 62 years. (St. Louis,
Mo., papers please copy).
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 624 Turk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem • high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, May 7, 1898,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary McLaugh-
lln, dearly beloved father of Mrs. Joseph
Hanson, and grandfather of Llllle A. and
Emily M. Hanson, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 56 years. (Boston and
■ Walla Walla papers please copy).
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 'B:3o o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2737 Pine street, thence to St. Dom-
' inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be held for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
' ' Cemetery-
NESFIELD— In Fresno. May 6, 1898, David W.
C. Nesfleld, a , native of England, aged 54
years.
(ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral this day. (Monday), from
the family residence; 1521 Pacific avenue,
thence to St Brigld's Church, where, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, a. requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his " soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city. May 7, IS9B, Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Mary O Neill. and
beloved father of William R., Thomas J.,
Annie B. and Hattie H. O'Neill, a na-
. tive of Thurles, County Tlpperary, Ireland,
' aged 62 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2215 • Devisadero street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn . requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. : • - ■- - •
ODALOVICH— In this city, May 8, IS9S, Jevoto,
beloved • brother of Thomas Odalovich, a na-
tive of Castel Nuovo. Bocche di Cattaro. Aus-
tria, aged 32 years and 5 months.
PAULSEN— In this city. May 6. 1898. Bern-
hard Paulson, a native of Germany, aged 63
years. • '
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock," from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, crematory-
SCHENONE— In this city. May 6. 1893. Giu-
seppe, dearly beloved husband of Caterina
Schenone, and father of Rosa, Monti and
Lutsa Schenone, Lydla. Nettie. Tillle and
* Adolfo Schenone,' a > native :of .■ Genoa, Italy,
aged 51 years. ■" ■■'- - • . .
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:90 o'clock, from the Garibaldi
Hall 436 Broadway. . There ■ will be ; a high
mass celebrated at 10:30 o'clock for the re-
pose of his ; soul at Sts. Peter and Paul
Church, corner of Filbert and Dupont streets.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHWARTZ— this city. May 6. 1898, Nicho-
las J.. beloved husband of Isabella Schwarts.
and father of Gertrude and Harry Schwartl.
a native of New York, aged 49 years, jg
fCTFnends ■ and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery- ..
SMITH— In this city. May 7. 1898. Martin 0.-.
beloved husband of Mary C. Smith, and
father of Grant W. and Jay M. Smith and
Mrs J. L." Jackson of Saglnaw, Mich.." a na- ••■■
tive of New York, aged 69 years 2 months and
11 days. ■■■■■-. ;-.-.<-■■ • . -■ • : ; -"/.' : -
• CFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son. Grant W. Smith. 4148
: ; Twenty-fourth street. Interment private.
BKEEHAN— In this city. May 8, 1898. William
E.. beloved I son of John and . the late Mary
Bkeehan. and brother of Annie. Michael. Jo-
seph. = John and Dennis Skeehan. a native of
San Francisco, aged 17 years and 8 days. .
VAHEY— Los Angeles, May 8, - 1898. Thomas
Henry, -dearly beloved son of Patrick and
Hannah Vahey. "and brother of John Francis,
Patrick Jr., Martin. Willie and the. late
Michael Vahey. a native of San ■ Francisco,
aged 19 years 4 months and 14 days. .':*E§g§f||||
VrDOVICH— In this city. May 8, 1398. Marco,
dearly beloved - husband of Annie Vidovlch.
;' and father of Annie, Peter and Blase ' Vido-
vlch. • a native of Primoria, Austria, aged 54
years.
WALKER— To the "officers and members of
Empire Council ; No.- 47, Order of Chosen
Friends: ' You are >■ hereby 1 notified •to - meet
at • hall. 20 Eddy street, . this day . (Monday),
I at 9 o'clock sharp. for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late friend.' Joseph M.
Walker. ' EDWARD "' J. SCHULER. -
JAMES JORDAN, Secretary. Councilor.
I Me A VOY & GALLAGHER, '
FUKIKAL DIRECTORS & EM BALMEBI I
tO iXiTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln Beao» 4 . 1
•: .. : • . :' Telephone, South 80. -I i, -. ; • . ' | ,
H. b. m'avoy. Manager.
McftVOY r*i CO., ~
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMHBS,
1235 Market St., between Bth and Bth. • ,-
' _i;_:JJi_: Telephone, South til. <■ - '■■■' r "- :.•■•■ ■ ■;
1112
FINANCES UNDER
THE NEW CHARTER
k Deficit of More Than a Million Dollars
Each Year.
in Annual Increase of Expenditures of More Than Half a
Million Dollars.
In order that the voters of the City and County of San Francisco might
be fully informed upon the financial provisions of the new charter which will
be voted upon at the coming election. The Call asked Auditor Broderick to
make an estimate of receipts and! expenditures under it, making the same
showing that would be made to any accredited official who might ask for
It. The following table gives the Auditor's figures and puts the whole mat
ter clearly before the reader. •
It must be remembered that in this table there is no estimate for In
crease in street lighting, water supply, hydrants, lighting public buildings,
repairs to or building hospitals, new parks or zoological gardens, purchase
of sites for schoolhouses or for the acquisition of public utilities.
According to this table it will be seen that there will be an increase In
expenditures provided by the new charter over those under the old system
of $593,435. It is estimated that during the present year there . will be a
deficit of $100,000. This added to the present appropriation makes a grand
total to be raised of $6,183,988, and as the total amount that can be raised
under the new charter will be but $5,062,200,. it will be necessary to raise,
either by taxation, increased license fees or continually amending the char
ter, the sum of $1,121,788 in order to keep things running.
Following is the table as prepared by Auditor Broderick:
Comparative estimate between appropriation of 1897-8 and that to be
made under provision of the new cnarter.
f Supervisor's office t Inc. Dec.
Supervisor's office I 9.600
License office (abolished) $38,400
General system of sewer (each year tax) 40,000 f
Mayor's, contingent . 1.800
Mayor and Secretary (salary 3,000 600
Auditor's office (attorney allowed) 1.800
Parks and squares exempt from $1 limit.... 40,000
Auditor's office, charter provision (new) and re
demption of property sales (three clerks 3,600
Tax Collector's office and license collection 18,100
Coroner's office 1,200
Recorder's office, folio clerks 10,300
Court interpreters (Supervisors fix) 1.500
City and County Attorney 300
District Attorney's office 2.100
County Clerk's office 20,425
Sheriff's office and Jails 2 and 3.." 18,940
Police Courts (four) 11,500
Reporters criminal cases s >*oo
Board of Public Works (street department) 65,000
School Department (limited) ". 10,000
Police Department (population 300,000) 253,600
Police contingent 2,800
Fire Department (salary account) ;...... 86,000
What will other demands increase?
Department of Electricity (at least) 25.000
Board of Health (at least) 50,00:
Election Commission and Registrar 3,800
Elections, one general each year and one special
each year to amend charter 160,000
Civil Service Commission salaries 6,000
Civil service clerks, experts and expense 10,000
Parks, squares and park places (charter limit) 4,800
$750,400 $156,965
!%et Increase ••• 9•>«»•»««•»•*9 •>«»•»««•»•*
Estimate of expenditure and manner of meeting same un
der charter.
Taxes:
Maximum limit $1 on each $100 valuation, $346,000,000. 53,460,000
Other sources of revenue, 1897, $1,400,000; charter reduces
licenses (merchants) $100,000... .-• 1,300,000
Parks and squares, limit 7 cents per $100 • 242,200
Interest and sinking fund account 60,000
Total *5,O««,»OO
Comparison with 1897-8 appropriation for all purposes
1597-8 6,490,653
Estimated deficit July 1, 1898 100,000
Increase charter estimate ••' 693,435
Total ........*0,183,988
Increased estimate to he obtained I>t tax
ation or increase of* lees and licenses,
or l»y declaring- each year a great
emergency -which "will l>e the least
troiiitle, or l»y an amendment to the
Cltnrter. The 81 limit I* like the
pledge* made by some conventions—
made designedly to catch votes for the
Charter ' ' -••• • $1,181,788 .
■-.•■•~-
HIS CHARTER VIEWS.
Mayor Phelan Before the Second
Unitarian Church.
Mayor Phdan addressed a large audi
ence last night at the Second Unitarian
Church. His subject was "The Charter-
Its Good Qualities and Why It Should
Become the Fundamental Law of This
Community." The Mayor went Into the
subject of one-man power at some length.
He thought that instead of Inaction, unity
of purpose would result and the best ends
be obtained.
Bribery and corruption also received a
large part or the Mayor's attention. He
6aid that these two undermining and
ovll practices were the cause of the pol
lution of politics to-day and that with the
new charter purity would be secured of
necessity, since the restraints in the fun
damental law of the charter are such as
to mako fraud or corruption practically
impossible.
The Mayor concluded with an appeal to
civic patriotism and the needs of it in this
city.
A LARGE ENTRY LIST.
Many Pretty and Nohle Dogs That
Will Pose for the Children's
Hospital Fund.
F.i tries for the dog show to ba held by j
the 6an Francisco Kennel Cluo closed at ,
midnight last night. There were then 600 j
entile* and the mails were yet to be ]
heard from. Entries made by letter post
ed before 12 o'clock last night would be
received, and so far the list of dogs that \
will be on the benches will exceed in ;
numbers any show yet held. The show i
will open on May 18 at the Mechanics' |
Pavilion and the proceeds will be devoted
CO the funds of the Children's Hospital. I
SHABKEY AT SUTBO'S.
The crowd yesterday was all at the Su
tro Baths to see "the pride of the navy"
ewim. Sharkey was matched against Leo !
Ratto for 220 yards, and the decision was !
what Sharkey thought it ought to have j
been for the Friday night fight— a draw.
The other races out there were merely
preliminaries to tue event of the after
noon, nevertheless some exceedingly good
swimming was done.
C. P. Huntington visited the Park Mu
seum yesterday and expressed himself
much pleased with the exhibit. He pre
sented the museum with six valuable pic
tures, one of them being of particular in
terest, that of a landscape entitled, "For
est and Lake," by J. J. Mylchrist.
The young artist was born without i
arms, and the picture was painted with
his toes.
John Daggett, late Superintendent of i
the Tnited States Mint, added to his large
collection of Northern California Indian
relics and curiosities in the museum
about 200 more specimens, consisting of
baskets, culinary utensils, war imple
ments, costumes of buckskin, some efab
orately ornamented with beads, stone Im
plements and deer antlers.
The Chutes yesterday had the averag€
attendance and the living pictures pleased
the many who saw them.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
Large Fields That Are Likely to Fur
nish Perplexing Betting.
Problems.
The card presented race-goers atOak
land this afternoon Is a very fair one,
wearing an open aspect, and should fur
nish some good betting propositions. The
entries are as follows:
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Maiden : five and a half furlongs;
thrw-year-olds and upward.
320 Carbineer 1101 979 Pongo 110
Ivan the Qreat.llo 1008 Rosa 105
913 Jim Brownell..Uo HOS Rfd Spinner.. ..llo
Potente 110 1002 Rebecca Wella.lltt
1008 Idomenus 107 1002 Luna Marie ...105
Ko Ko 107 Captain V05e...107
lOOS Approbation ...107 607 Fallen PrincesslOo
905 Sandow 111 107 1009 Millbrae 110
Second Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing: four-year-olds and upward.
1013 Venis 1051 422 Red Bird 105
985 Tom Smith ....103 <807) La Mascotta ..103
1013 O'Fleta 105 911 Sea Spray 105
(lf)H)Mlke Rice 105 .... Dennis 105
BIT, February 105 1011 Earl Cochran .105
SlO Lost Girl 1051 1017 Dolore 101
1013 R. Q. Ban 10S1 1007 Howard 100
1007 Lucky Star ....1031
Third Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
ypar-oldn; selling.
1015 Rey Hooker ...100J 1020 Britomartis ... 92
1016 Also Ran 11... 1001 1022 La Parasseuse. 97
1016 El Mido 106; 1020 Sir Urian 92
1004 Obsidian 100; 1016 Cheated 95
1015 San Augustine. 85. 760 Loyalie 92
Fourth Race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward.
955 Frank James.. 97! 914 Candelarla 100
863 Bobbins 97 1 1007 Charles A 108
1011 Daylight 11l 1008 Flandes 106
929 Salvation 104 1023 Del Paso II 111
994 Rio Frio 103
Fifth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1013 Loch Ness 106 i 1013 Roadwarmer . 106
1017 Chappie 103! 1017 San Mateo 119
1007 Spt. McAillßterlOo! 1017 O'Connell 121
101" Sly 105: 1019 Pelxotto 109
1013 Zamar II 103!
Sixth Race— Five-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds; selling;.
734 Mordecal 103 1001 Amaaa IOC
1001 Stepabout 95 989 Soseol ... 97
(917) Miss Rowen*.. 08 1001 Miss Dividend 95
lOOlCastake 97 (M6)Tempse .. . 66
1001 Tiny P 97 927 Oahu 96
1001 Judge Napton.. 97 ""
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race— Roea, liona Mart*, Fallen Prin
cess.
Second Race — Lost Girl, OTleta, Howard.
Third Race— El Mldo, Rey Hooker, Brito
martls.
Fourth Race — Candelaria, Daylight. Del Paso.
Fifth Race— O'Connell, Zamar, Sport MeAl
lUter.
Sixth Race — Misß Rowena, Stepabout, Amasa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1898.
A WHEEL AHEAD,
BAY CITY WON
The Club's Fourth Successive Victory Over
the Great Relay Course.
Fannan, the Los Angeles Wonder, Snowed Marvelous Speed,
Garden Citys Finished Second, Olympics Third.
At the game of cycle relay racing the
Bay City Wheelmen are simply unbeat
able. For the fourth successive time the
team of ten men from this club placed to
their credit yesterday the annual 100-mile
relay race promoted by the California
Associated Cycling Clubs, the Derby
event in wheel racing on the Pacific
Coast, and having won the Varney cup
by their victories in the first three they
now have possession of the handsome
Leavitt & Bill trophy, a beautiful $250
cup, which will make an elegant addition
to their silver closet.
The race was from this city to San Jose
via San Mateo and Menlo Park and
thence back to Alameda via Milpitas and
Centerville, each of the ten couriers
riding his allotted ten miles of the total
100 covered. The five clubs entering teams
were the Bay City Wheelmen and Olym
pic Club Wheelmen, San Francisco; Gar
den City Wheelmen, San Jose; Reliance
Club Wheelmen and Acme Club Wheel
men. Oakland.
The men lined up facing Starter Jack
McGlynn a few minutes before the ap
pointed time, and there was considerable
excitement among those interested, owing
to the alignment of the men. They were
spread across Larkin stret about five feet
apart facing south, and it was evident
FURMAN WINNING THE GREAT RELAY RACE
that the minute they were off all five would
make a dash for the cable slot on the
right-hand side, and If all made It about
the same time there would be a big
smash-up.
Harry Fowler of the Bay City Wheel
men was the first off whpn the word was
given, and bumping over the cobbles land
ed right side up on the slot, inches ahead
of Launcelot Smith, the Olympic flyer.
Hardenbrook of San Jose and Ferris,
Acme, had to fight for their positions, the
latter finally falling back, while Rosen
helm, Reliance, rather than take chances
of a spill, held back for the last position.
They were soon out of sight down
Ninth street, cheered along by their ex
cited friends and club mates all the way.
Then the crowd at the start quickly dis
persed and drifted downtown to await
the bulletined results of the first few
relays, and then crossed over to Alameda
to see the finish about 2 o'clock In the
afternoon.
The first relay, leading out of the city
and over the Six Mile Hill and the San
Bruno, Is usually productive of a good
many accidents owing to the turns, the
grades and rough character of the sur
face. But the bunch got through yester
day with but one accident of moment.
Rosenhelm had a bad fall near the end
and lost about four minutes for his club.
This setback lost the Reliance boys all
chance of winning the race, for a stern
chase is a long one and they never made
up for that accident on the first relay,
finishing as they started. In last place.
Ferris punctured his wheel, bui borrowed
another and continued. Hardenbrook
was credited with beating Fowler two
seconds across the tape, though some
thought the judges were rattled and that
the decision should have been reversed.
The order and time made was as fol
lows:
FIRST RELAT.
No. RIDER.
1 Harden' brk .
2 H. Fowler...
8 G. Ferris
4 L. H. Smith.
5 Rosenhelm ..
G. C. W.
B. C. W.
A. C. W.
1 0. C. W.
|R. A. C.
Club.
3:47:47
9:47:47 1
9:47:48
9:47:50
9:47:64
Time.
Best
time over this relay— Harden-
., 28:0?, 1896.
On the second relay, ending at San
Mateo, Tony Delmas maintained the Gar
den City Wheelmen's slight lead and in
creased it twenty-five seconds. The
Olympics had a mishap here which coat
them third place. The bunch got along
well together, and crossed some bad
stretches of road approaching San Bruno
at a cracking pace. Delmas was in the
lead slightly, with Felix (Bay City) and
Tantau (Olympic) close up. Tantau's
front wheel "kissed" Felix's rear tire and
down he went, bruising himself consider
ably, but fortunately not breaking his
•wheel. Schleuter (Acme) swept by Tan
tau and gained third place, but the
plucky Olympian was soon remounted
and off again to regain lost ground.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
1
I
3
4
B
i. j?eiix
'. • Schleuter.
I. Tantau...
. Bullock....
o. c. w. !
B. C. W. i
A. C. W.
o. c. w. i
R. A. C.
10:14
10:15
10:15:
10:18
Best previous time over this relay— Schlueter,
Acme, 27:00. 1897.
There was a speedy lot on the third
course from San Mateo past Belmont and
Redwood to the outskirts of Menlo Park.
They were all light, swift riders, calcu
lated to scorch over the smooth roads
thereabouts at lightning speed, and they
did it. Ben Noonan gained 10 seconds
here for the Bay Citys over the Garden
Citys' lead, and the San Jose boys were
in front for the last time in the race.
Noonan was but 15 seconds back of first
place, and led the Acme and Olympic
men I*4 and 2 minutes respectively. Re
liance was here 7 minutes behind the
leaders.
After the race Thorn, through his
father, who is also an enthusiastic wheel
man, filed a protest stating that Noonan
had been paced, an infringement of the
rules. The Bay Citys laugh at this pro
test and term It a boyish trick. Presi
dent Kerrigan said: "If we had a man
In our club fast enough to lead and pace
Ben Noonan, we would have had him on
the team and not skylarking along the
road as a pacemaker. Ben Noonan don't
need pacing to beat any man on the third
relay." Thorn, when auestioned about
the matter by a Call reporter, could not
give an explicit statement, but said he
paw a big fellow in front of Noonan and
thought he was pacing him. The Bay
Citys declare the allegod "big man '
might have be^n a tourist, and as Thorn
was in front of Noonan all the way, he
could not have been vary certain about it.
Noonan punctured his wheel two miles
from the finish and rode that distance on
a flat tire, and was still able to beat the
time of all others.
THIRD RELAT.
1
2
3
4
6
X Thorn
1. Noonnn. . .
t. Squires...
'•. Fuller ....
V. Poole . . .
G. C. W.
B. C. W.
A. C. W.
o. c. vtr.
R. A. C.
|lO:42:15
10:42:30
10:44:00
10:44:30
10:49:00
■M
:55
•:'<■
i:l6
Best previous time over this
Acme, 24 -.SX ISO 6.
Bad roads characterized the fourth re
lay from Menlo to Mountain View. Ray
naud (Bay City) started 15 seconds behind
Clark (Garden City), but caught him In
less than a mile and beat him out a full
minute. Clark made a poor showing,
dropping his club back from first to fourth
position. The honors of this relay easily
rest with young Russ. whose father is
the treasurer of the Olympic Club. He
rode the course n minute and a half faster
than anybody else, and brought the Olym
pic colors up to second place.
FOURTH RELAT.
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
< 1
i
i
4
:.5
Raynaud..
F. Russ..
Staples..'..
J. Clark..
Franck...
B. C. W.
O. C. W.
A. C. W.
a. c. w.
! R. A. C.
:ll
:ll:30
:12
:12
:18
Bpst previous time over this relay— Craft,
cmc, 26:36, 18%.
The fastest time of the entire race for
any one stretch of ten miles was made
over the fifth relay by Frank G. Peck of
Yuba City, one of the speedy Bay City
men. His time was 25 minutos flat, and
he finished as strong as he started. Peck
is a rider who has developed within the
past year and was "discovered" by the
Bay Citys on one of their racing pilgrim
ages to Sacramento last spring. He was
looked upon as one of the swiftest riders
of their team yesterday and did not belie
his reputation.
FIFTH RELAT.
No. RIDER.
1 F. Peck
2 H. D. Bean..
3 H. Cameron .
i L. A. Hurkf.
6 C. D. Gooeh..
B. C. W.
O. C. TV.
G. C. W.
A. C. W.
I R. A. C.
Club.
Time.
:36
:37
:87:BO
1:37:ii0
1:45:30
Actual
Riding
Time.
1-5
I previous time over this
R. C. 25:04. 189 G.
Peck was closely pressed, however, as
Bean (Olympic) and Cameron, a substi
tute for Roy Bridgeman of the Garden
City team, pressed him closely.
The sixth relay led the men through the
streets of San Jose, and had many sharp
turns and crossings, but all got through
without a mishap except Walter David
son (Bay City). The chain slipped from
his wheel, and here was where the value
of the "trailer" was illustrated. His club
mate, Bert Menne, was only a block away
and soon caught up. They effected a
rapid change of mounts and Davidson
was on his way again, having only lost
about half a minute by his mishap, which
he had to spare, so that his club was still
ahead at the end of the sixth.
SIXTH RELAT.
.1
i
8
4
5
ivroeia. . . .
8e11011....
Anderson. I
Valentine.]
B. C W.
O. C. W.
G. C. W.
A. C. W.
! R. A. C.
Best previous time over this relay— Cook, I.
C. C. 28:16, 1596.
The seventh relay was productive of
some excitement. Before the men started
an accident happened to Sampson, Acme.
He was riding toward the start to take
up his position and made too sharp a
turn, falling and sustaining severe
bruises to his hands. But he rode out
the relay as good as any of them.
John Davidson, brother of Walter of
the sixth, was off In the lead, followed
by his trailer, John McGillvray of ama
teur baseball fame. Fifteen seconds later
he was followed by Stanley (Olympic),
with his trailer, A. Bozio. Both David
son and McGillvray claimed to have
turned in their seats and seen Bozlo
pacing Stanley, to which effect Davidson
protested to the referee, Captain H. T.
Emery, at the finish. So to even up mat
ters Bozlo and Stanley protested David
son on the grounds that McGillvray paced
him. There the matter rests for action
by the racing board.
SEVENTH RELAT.
1
2
3
4
6
r. Davidson. .
3. Q. Stanley
RIDER.
Actual
Club. Tima. Riding
Time.
B. C. W.~'12:36:14 2-S|3O:U 2-5
O. C. W. 12:36:15 129:55
O. C. W. 12:37:30 |80:18
A. C. W. |12:40:35 30:45
| R. A. C. |12:55:48 33:33
Best previous time over this relay — Dow, Q.
C. C. 28:11, 1595.
There was nothing: to mar the peaceful
ness of the eighth, the positions remain-
Ing unchanged, save that Kragnesa
(Olympic) beat out W. J. Black (Bay
City) by a second at the finish, and so
had the honor of winning the course and
landing his club in first place for the
first time in the race. The Acme and Re
liance clubs were In the ruck, the former
eight and the latter twenty minutes be
hind the leaders.
EIGHTH RELAT.
Actual
Riding
Time.
V.
r.
3. Krapnesß. O. C. W.
V. J. Black.. B. C. W.
. Smith O. C. AY.
v McDousall A. C. W.
'. Freeman... | R. A. C.
CX..
1:07:48
1:07:49
1:08:55
1:15:39
1:28 :v4
:33
:34 3-5
:25
Best previous time over
Reliance, 27:10, 1597.
Olympic and Bay City crossed the line
on even terms at the end of the ninth
and left a fair field and no favor for the
leaders to the finish. One Stevens, who
has done some racing In a small way,
wanted to pace Bozlo (Olympic) away
from Bob Black, the Bay Citylte. To
this Charley Craft, the Bay City trailer,
strenuously objected, but had to warn
Stevens off three times before he would
quit. Bacon (Reliance) made a meri
torious ride here, and B. J. Smith, the
clever Acme boxer, who was expected to
hold up his end easily, lost over three
minutes. Bozlo punctured his tire near
the end, but kept up his gait just the
NINTH RELAY.
No.
RIDER.
Time.
1
i; 1
3
4
5-1
A. Bozio..
J. Black...
Qulmby...
J. Smith..
n. Bacon...
10. C. W. 1:38:40
B. C. W. 1:38:40
G. C. W. 1:39:56
A. C. W. 1:49:55
,R. A. C. 2:01:44
:16
!:50
nest previous time over this relay—'
W J. G. , Wurman, the - big, good-natured
courier for ; the Bay . Citys, on • the tenth
and last . relay, was an unknown quantity
to the other clubs , before = the race but
they know ■ him better now. The Olym
pics had in : their ; best;, amateur . rider. J
E. .Wing, -.for, the finish/and' with an -even
break they expected to win hands down.
But when The Call said a week ago Sat-
£ rday n its^ cycling, columns that the
Bay Cltys had "something up , their
sleeve -^ the saying - was not an idle one
This "something" - was the ? mighty Fur
man, t- champion of Southern California
"discovered" ,by President * Kerrigan on
his recent - visit :to the . rocky confines of
that part of the State. ; '. amines or
"Do you think he's fast enough to ride
on our. relay team?! 1 ; asked the n Judge 'of
some , of his friends ; down there •• Vps •
and we ■; think him good ' enough 'to send
East against the crackajacks there " was
the reply.' Without • more s ado ; the 'judge
sought out and met , the mysterious flyer
.He found , a young fellow of about ■ &
years rof age, 6 ? feet : tall, with shoulders
and arms on him as big , as; Jeffries 1 and
legs as slender as pippstems A' shuffling
gait^ added ;to his X peculiarities but I
«nJf tv. 8 1 ? 11I 1 n « face told of good • nature
and the Judge was captivated on the
; spot. v I'urman •' was ?; signed *• at once " and
has been V training for this event for two
> months. = ;He , came - up . here -4 two - we-ks
ago to be on 'i ?«? round : ahead of > time.
.v Furman and Wing, j unacquainted with
. each other, the . champion * amateurs •* of
Iht l ? ou^^ ai ? d!north '- « together on
the. tenth relay at a merry j clip, i ■At j San
ADVERTISEMENTS.
:exj:ec3-_A-Isj~t
dLALR rADKIIo
AT
VERY LOW PRICES!
kpljZ Pattern.
24- BLACK FRENCH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
in the very newest designs.
4>lv7 Pattern.
40 BLACK FRENCH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
9 different designs.
<nQ.oo
*+> -^ Pattern.
40 BLACK ENGLISH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
in the very latest styles.
REMNANTS.
During the present week we , will place on our
center counters, MARKED DOWN TO LESS THAN HALF
PRICE, all REMNANTS and SHORT LENGTHS of PLAIN
and FANCY SILKS, PLAIN and FANCY RIBBONS,
PRINTED LAWNS and ORGANDIES, FLANNELETTES and
GINGHAMS, and a very large lot of REMNANTS of
FINE EMBROIDERIES.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Leandro Wing tried the trick wh e h has
won him many a race, that of jumpng
away from his contestants and securing
a lead which could not be overcome. Bui
he encountered a new experience, lhia
opponent could "jump" as fast as he
could, and as soon as \\ ing would let up
be would glance up to find a smiling, in
quiring face alongside of him from the
owner of which never a word escaped
but who looked as if he wanted to sa> ,
"Well, you see, I'm still with you.
Wing soon tired of this game and
slowed up, and before they had reached
Elmhurst C. M. Smith, who beats the
locomotives at their own game down San ,
Jose way, was up with them, having
caught up over a minute's lost time in
spite of the pace they were setting. Wit
nesses claim that Smith was paced up
by Gail Hardenbrook of his own club,
who rode the first relay, but ttoe^ Racing
Board has not been officially notified of
ai Aro > und e the corner into Central
avenue tney swung, Furman, Wing and
Smith in the lead, followed by halt a ,
dozen trailers and such otheri as were
able to keep up the gait. It was as
pretty a finish as could well be wished I
for Wing let out his links two blocks ,
away from the tape, but he was "baked :
and the effort soon died out. Uing is
said to be suffering from a severe cold I
and was handicapped in his breathing
to some extent. .
Then "Bunt" Smith moved up a few
notches and tried to assume the lead, but
that big fellow with the crimson and gold
collars over his massive shoulders was
there and somehow "Bunt" could not
gain on him. They swept through the
throngs of people crowded on each Bide
of the street and yelling and cheering for
their favorites. A block from the tape
Furman decided to reach it first, and im
mediately daylight began to show be
tween him and the bunch. With a dash
he was off and down the street on a
sprint that electrified the spectators
Tearing after him came the others, but it
was no use. Not even the mighty Wing
nor the invincible Smith, the locomotive
chaser could contend with that sprint.
'Hooray!" yelled the Bay Citys gath
ered at the tape, and the race was won.
TENTH RELAY.
No. RIDER.
1 W. Furman..
2 C. M. Smith.
3 J. E. Wine...!
4 A. T. Smith..}
6 A. P. Deacon.
B. C. W.
G. C. W.
O. C. W.
A. C. W.
! R. A. C.
,2:10:13
2:10:13
2:10:14
2:20:31
2:32:27
Actual
Riding
Time.
4-r,
M
i:
2-5
Best previous time over this relay— Edwards,
G. C. C, 2S:10, 1895.
The crowd did not disperse until long
after the finish. They wanted to get
close to this wonder from the South and
have a good look at him. So Furtnan
held a levee on the sidewalk, while Doctor
Dodge took his packet away from him
and conveyed it to Mr. Forderer. the
President of the Board of Trustees of
Alameda, standing near. In the packet,
which each club furnished, was a dupli
cate letter from Mayor Phelan of this
city to Mr. Forderer, as follows:
Mayor's Office,
San Francisco, May 3, 1898.
Hon. Joseph Forderer, President of the
Board of Trustees, City of Alameda — Dear Sir:
<>n May 8, IS!>S, five contestants will start from
this city on a bicycle relay race around the
Bay of San Francisco with a letter similar to
this, which will be in possession of each rider;
the one arriving first will deliver the letter to
you.
I trust you will see fit to crown the success
ful competitor and proclaim him the victor.
Respectfully, JAMES D. PHEI/AX.
The time made in the race, 4 hours 55
minutes 13 seconds, was not as fast as
that of last year by six minutes. Still
some of the individual relays were faster,
and taken altogether the race was a gn.-it
satisfaction to the officials of the Asso- j
ciated Cycling Clubs who promoted it.
The Bay City Wheelmen, winners of the
trophy, held a banquet last evening at
a down-town rotlsserJe and a reception
at the club-rooms afterward, the center
of which latter event was Furman. tie
expects to go East about the middle or
this month, and will turn professional
and ride against the cracks of the world.
People who saw his performance yes
terday think he will 'on righ: in his own
class.
Soldiers at the Chutes.
They are showing the Seventh Regiment
of Los Angeles soldiers as they marched
up Market street on Friday at the Chutes
They were photographed as *hey turnert
up into Golden Gate avenue, and when the
picture was thrown on the sheetb>
animatoscope yesterday it caused mucn
enthusiasm.
Try our »1 eye gla-ie" HO Market. 11 (Jeanr.
BDWEN
& CO.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tiles' 1 *«y Wednesday
Tea (ten flavors) 3 £C
regularly 50c lb (« it» $1)
Who would drink ordinary tea
when such superior goods _j
may be bought so cheaply? A
I SardineS-best in the world
regularly \ tins 25c 20c
regularly £ tins 30c 25c
Lazeran, in finest oil
Whiskey— and Scotch
reg'ly $1 Highland Gab and Killycnrs 83c
! reg'ly i.7;4ii ghlani Li queer-after dinner Si 3 j
• reg'ly 1.50 13 Year Old x 1J
j Highland Liqueur and la Year Old art
: new brands here but not new goods — they
j are old — mellow — oily— smoky — delightful
; Gelatine— i^c
'. regularly 20c large packages
Gas lighter and tapers 2£c
I Good ones— box tapers free
Dates-Fard §i ioc
regularly 15c Ib
A very healthful food _5?
Crystola 40c
"•;; regularly 50c dozen
Cleans most everything In the housa
I especially in the kitchen
jShrimps tin ioc
!: shrimp salad— ah 1
I Tooth picks °£c
regularly ioc carton -.
Polished-tapered at both ends-
hard wood
i Alcalde canned fruits 20c
• { regularly 25c tin
,Sweet sauterne , , $4
1 I regularly $5 dozen ._
One of California's finest zX'
; Lemons X i^c
| ! regularly 25c dozen j » .
Lemon pies and lemonado
Vencatachellum , 2JC
; regularly 30c tin or bottle
Mai! orders have prompt efficient at-
tention-we know how to catalogue
free. •
432 Pine «5 Sutter s3oo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
_—-; ; - ■ _ ,
000000000000000000
%v.f PALACE w,
% GRAND hotels o
I? SAN FRANCISCO. O
** .Connected by ■ covered passageway. **
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached, "
j O I •e-U. IiKOTB 1 O.VB MAXAOEMJt.SI: O
O' NOTE: THE PRICE 3: O
! O European Plan. 9l. OO per day and upward ft 1
i v American Plan. S3. oo per day and upward ** 1
j O- -' ' ' : Correspond rncr Solicited. * ;!*Ovi
Q JOHN C. XIKSFATBICK, Manager. O
oo 0000000000
dkmcnultyT
T silS'if !- LK^ ow >< AND RKLIABLB Or.t»
_l bpeelallst etnr* Prlvato.Xervous.Bloodaiid Skla
Diseases of Men on ' -' Manly Power restore.!. Over
' cured^tirJK. % Send tOT Book.free. i-atlenm
-S» ir-K •« . ?S^ Terms reasonable. Hours. 0 toa
I Sffif. f"B-»cv fs. Sundays, 10 to 12. O.nnnlto.
don free and sacredly confidential.-; Call or addreM
; o«^ J"" BOSC JaoStlTT, M. ».,
9Q% Etarnr Street. San JTrauclMS*. Cml