VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 38.
TO KEEP
THE CZAR
IN CHECK
England's \iar\6 Against
Russia in the Far
East.
If There Is to Be a War It Is
Becoming Clear t\ow the
Nations Will Line Up
for tr;e fray.
GREAT BRITAIN
AGAINST RUSSIA
LONDON, Jan. 7.— According
to a special dispatch from
Shanghai, Russia is endeavoring
to obtain terms similar to Ger
many's for the occupation of
Port Arthur and the Kiaotong
Peninsula from a point consid
erably north of Talien-Wan. It
is believed the attitude of Eng
land and Japan will frustrate
her designs.
The Hongkong correspondent
of the Daily Chronicle says:
"The Russian occupation of
Port Arthur completely blocks
the entrance to Peking, and it
is imperative that the court
phould be transferred to Nan
kin, the southern capital.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— According to a
special dispatch from Shanghai the ex
istence of an Anglo-Japanese alliance
is openly asserted there in well inform
ed quarters, an alliance to maintain the
Ptatus quo In China and Korea, and to
declare the independence of Korea, un
der the Joint guarantee of England,
Russia and Japan.
The Dally Graphic publishes a dis
patch from Baron Hayshl Tadsou,
Japanese Embassador to Russia, to the
Japanese Government, intimating on
the authority of the German Embassa
dor at St. Petersburg, Prince yon Ra
dolln, that no understanding existed
between Germany and Russia with
reference to the occupation of Kiao
■ chau.
' PORT SAID. Jan. 6.— The Russian
cruiser, Rossia, has arrived here on
her way to China-
SECRETARY SHERMAN
SAYS THE RUSSIANS
WILL TAKE A PORT.
The Czar Must Follow fhe Pace Set by the
Kaiser in the Raid Upon
China.
° " ..NEW YORK, Jan. The Herald's
;'■ -"Washington correspondent sends the
/.'following: Minister Denby, at Peking,
■ ■.■;■. lias officially notified the Department
}: of State that the controversy between
Germany and China has been settled
/• by the lease of Klaochau to the former
'" '.■: government for a term of fifty years.
:'■ '. The effect of the lease on American
: ! .- 'commercial interests -will be consid
■•■-"" ered at the Cabinet meeting to-mor
'";■ row. So far as I am able to learn,
: -Mr. Denby makes no mention of any
•-: -.i'.riroviFion in the lease that Germany
: "-i. '■'will be .allowed to take possession of
• V any port in China In case Kiaochau is
" ".-found unsuitable for her purposes.
:'•:.;' "I think It will now be in line for
■.'•'•■" Russia and France to take possession
° of Chinese ports," said Secretary
Sherman to me to-night. "Their in
f terests will require Buch action. Great
';.. Britain has Hongkong, which Is a seat
I for- English Interests, and no^v Gw
many has Kiaochau. Russia Is desir
ous of obtaining a southern port, where
 = her ships will not be frozen in during
c °< winter. Besides her commercial in
, V terests are such that she ought to have
a Chinese port, such as Germany has
obtained.
"So far as American commerce Is
concerned, I expect It will have the
same rights in Kiaochau as that of
Germany. This depends, however, on
the commercial regulations which Ger
many will place in force. From my
understanding of the matter, Germany
.. is not given a title to the territory, but
she has the right to substitute her
laws for those which the Chinese have
hitherto had in force. Her merchants
will, consequently, not be subject to
the laws of China at Kiaochau, but
will be required to observe German
laws. I presume the Germans will now
establish a large city at Kiaochau and
push their commercial Interests as vig
" - orously as possible. I suppose if the
„ ;°, United States were to indicate to China
• •„• its desire to obtain a Chinese port the
„ o. government would be willing to grant
■ .■;'--4t." But we want no such port. Our
,;.■•.'• txpmmereial Interests are satisfactorily
c". : protected at the present time by treat
"" ; " ies, .and besides, at Hongkong, and we
■ will probably have the same rights at
I I ' Kiaochau, we are granted the freedom
„ o£ the port in the same way as are the
:?• English."
The Chinese Minister, Wu Ting Fang,
tokJ me to-nipht that he had received
no-dispatches from his Government re
garding the settlement of affairs.
While the Minister naturally regrets
that China was compelled to lease to
Germany the territory of Ki&oohau
The San Francisco Call
Bay, he was not disposed to discuss
the matter for publication. An at
tache of the legation with whom I
talked expressed great surprise at Rus
sia's failure to interfere in the matter.
•'Of course, it is well understood," he
continued, "that China appealed to
Russia for assistance immediately
after Germany had landed at Kiaochau
and It was believed the Czar would
give the aid asked. It is evident, how
ever, that Russia raised no objection In
the first place to the seizure of Kiao
chau by the Germans, else they prob
ably would not have continued in pos
session of the territory."
It is believed at the Chinese Legation
that Russia will withdraw her ships
from Port Arthur in the spring. In
view of the action of Germany in re
taining Kiaochau it is thought in State
Department circles that Russia may take
possession of Port Arthur with ;i
view to establishing at that point not
only a naval station but the terminus
for her trans-Siberian road and a
commercial port for her people. It is
expected Japan will withdraw from
Wei-Hai-Wei when the Chinese war
indemnity is paid, but such withdraw
al, it is thought, will be taken advan
tage of by Great Britain, which will
seize it and have Joint control with
Russia of the entrance to the Gulf of
Pechili.
German diplomats here are delighted
with what they term the triumph, for
Gr-rmari diplomacy. It is now believed
that the departure of Prince Henry
with a naval force to the Asiatic sta
tion, after a theatrical farewell with
the German Emperor, was a bluff de
signed to impress China and the Reich
stag, the latter with a view of getting
the appropriation for increasing the
naval establishment asked for by the
Kaiser.
GERMANY IS JUBILANT
AT WILLIAM'S SUCCESS
IN GETTING A PORT.
There Is an Under Note of Belief to the
Effect That Possibly Somebody Has
Blundered.
LONDON. Jan. 7.— The Times this
morning says that it understands the
term of Germany's lease of Kiaochau
to be ninety-nine instead of fifty years.
A dispatch to the Times from Peking
dated Thursday says: Under the
agreement between Baron Helking,
German Embassador to China, and
Prince Kung, President of the Tsung-
Li-Yamen, Germany will pay a nominal
annual rental for Kiaochau. She ac
quires the right to begin forthwith the
construction of a dock and a fortified
coaling station. The belief In an early
Continued on Second Page.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for Baa Fran- I
Cisco: Cloudy on Friday; fresh ■%
northwesterly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past M
twenty-four hours: *
Ban Francisco 61 degrees ..-: M
Portland 44 degrees *
Los Angeles ............60 degrees ';? M
San Diego 60 degrees -x
•»
FIRST PAGE. . I
Put-rant "Will Hang To-day.
England and Japan Against Russia. ■¥.
College Professor a Prisoner. . -a
Appraises Comstock's Character. -a
SECOND PAGE. *
Los Angeles School Scandal. ■*
THIRD PAGE. • *
Opposition to Tlanna Growing. '■:'■ '^
Pacific Railroad Debts Discussed. v '4
Convicts Sold at Auction. -a
Express Company Robbed. r;l •S
Woman Burned to Death. '■."■-.*
Aged Lovers Bound to Wed. • •*
FOURTH PAGE. X;/S
Spain Ready to Free Cuba. V *
A Warm Day in Congress. "•*
School Funds Appropriated. •.•*::.*
Burglar Roup a Lifer. .■',■!
Greater Republic a Myth. 4;
FIFTH PAGE. ■)
Good Work by De Vrles. > <■♦
Bunkoed by a Detective. 4
The Jubilee to Be Saluted. : , J •>
News Along the Water Front. ■ ■}
SIXTH PAGE. ' -i
Editorial. '.»
Reform the Criminal Code. Ur.-i
The South and the Fair. -i
Hot Times for Pension Attorneys- 4
A Silly Boodler. ■}
Normal Schools. . -;
Letters and Queries. -•-»<
SEVENTH PAGE. .'-3
Fire at the Columbia Theater. .••■"4
Police Judges Get Together. .■'•/*
NINTH PAGE. : . '■»
The Dow Mystery Increases. ■)
News From Across the Bay. 4
TENTH PAGE. -3
Police Vacancies to He Filled. I
Racing at Ingleside. c 4
Too Severe a Sentence. 4
Commercial News. 4
ELEVENTH PAGE. .4
Births, Marriages and Deaths. 4
TWELFTH PAGE. 4
The Fall of the Bulletin. 4
New Grand Jury Committees. 4
Schools to Be Investigated. ■)
4
r#**#»* ********* *###*i
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
ARRESTED
AS A COMMON
COUNTERFEITER
Professor Dudley in
a Most Peculiar
Predicament.
Accusedof Having Freely
Circulated Spurious
Money.
Held in Heavy Bail to Meet the
Charge of Passing Bad
$1O Pieces.
THERE MUST BE A MISTAKE
Fellow-Instructors at Stanford Uni
versity Certain That Such Is
the Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Cal., Jan. 6.—
Professor William Russell Dud
ley, who has been arrested for
passing counterfeit money at
"Watsonville. is head of the De
partment of Systematic Botany
at Stanford University, and Is
one of the best-known botan
ists in this country. He came
to Stanford from Cornell Uni
versity, where he taught bot
any as an instructor and an as
sistant professor for twenty
years, from 1872 to 1892. He was
a class-mate at Cornell of Dr.
• , of Dr. John Caspar
Brenner, head of the Depart
ment of Geology, and of Pm
fessor M"!ville B. Anderson,
head of the English department.
He received his B. S. degree
at Cornell in 1874 and his If. S.
in 1576. lie went to Harvard
University for advanced work
in 1876 and finished his course
at the universities of Stras
burg and Berlin.
ProfessoT Dudley Is one of the
most popular members of the
faculty. He is quite retiring, a
thorough gentleman, upright
and of great integrity. The
members of the faculty who
know Professor Dudley best,
while theysympathiz? "v'th him
on account of the distressing
pdattion in which he has been
placed, cannot repress a smile
at the absurdity of the charge
brought against him.
PAXTA CRT'Z. Jan. 6.— Professor
"William Russell Dudley was arrested
at Watsonville this afternoon by Con
stable Pratt of Capitola, charged with
passing counterfeit $10 gold pieces, but
he was not caught in the act. Some of
the coins were passed in this city and
at BoqueJ and Capitola. About two weeks
ago a counterfeiter succeeded In drop
ping a number of them in the several
places. Some of the coins ought to
have been detected by their mere ap
pearance, and it is wonderful that any
body could have been deceived by
thnn. Sheriff Resse and his deputies
and other officers had been on the
lookout for the offender since he oper
ated here, and Constable Pratt hav
ing an accurate description of the man
saw Dudley at Capitola and followed
him to Watsonvtlle. where he had gone
by train. He has been Identified by two
or three of the victims, though if the
same man he has shaved off his beard.
In his possession when examined at
the jail here were found cards bearing
the names of "Mr. William Russell
Dudley** ami "Mrs. "William Russell
Dudley." The latter had black bor
ders such as are used by ladies in
mourning. Among his effects was a
complete set of maps showing the
farms and roads In all this section of
country. The known roads were
marked In red, and the construction
of the maps Indicated that they were
for the jrorpose of guiding a traveler.
He carries also a pocket compass and
a pocket razor.
The counterfeiter, whether Dudley
or not, had evidently been aided In his
work by two other men, who have not
yet been caught. When arrested Dud
ley had $5 In gold and $2 16 in silver,
all genuine. He says he Is a professor
at Palo Alto, making $3000 a year, and
was on his way there when arrested.
His ticket was to that point. He is
tall, of middle age and of quiet de
meanor, intelligent and rather uncom
municative, though perfectly at ease.
He was arrested on a warrant issued
by Justice Boyle of Sequel, placing
bail at Jf.ooo. He will have a prelim
inary hearing on Monday next.
THERE IS A GENERAL
EXODUS FROM THE PLAGUE.
Within Forty-Eight Hours at Bombay 105
Deaths and 142 New Cases Are
Reported.
BOMBAY, Jan. 6.— The plague re
turns for the past forty-eight hours'
record 142 new cases and 105 deaths.
There is a general exodus of the popu
lation and a suspension of business is
threatened.
To Abolish Sugar Bounties.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— The morning pa
pers anticipate that Belgium will
shortly call a conference for the aboli
tion of sugar bounties. Germany and
Austria have already intimated to Bel
gium their willingness to send dele
gates.
British Warship Coming From San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 6.— The British
man-of-war Phaeton, with its convoy,
the torpedo destroyer, Sparrow Hawk,
sailed this morning for Ban Fran
cisco.
COMSTOCK'S
CONSOLATION
VERY SMALL
Not Greatly Damaged
by Being Called a
Blackmailer.
Awarded Just Six Cents
by a Federal Court
Jury.
Dr. Leverson Did Not Deny
the Language Used to the
Vice Suppressor. :
METHODS OF THE AGENT.
Compelled to Admit In Court That
He Has Written Latter* to
Induce Crime.
6peclal DUpatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6. — "A notorious
blackmailer" Dr. Montague R. Lever
son admitted having called Anthony
Comstock, of the Society for the Sup
pression of Vice, and a jury In the
United Btatps Circuit Court to-day de-
elded that Oomstoek's reputation and
charactor had been damaged to the
extent of C, cents. This verdict does
not entitle him to costs. He had sued
for $50,000 damages for defamation of
character.
Comstock appoared In court early.
He was aconmpauled by one of his
agents and several substantial appear
ing: old gentlemen. Dr. L,everson sot to
court early, too. He. too, was aemm
panled by a number of old gentlemen.
The first thing Mr. Comstock testified
to was that ■when Dr. Leverson had
made his rude remarks, he (Comstock)
had said to the doctor that If he had
any evidence tn back up what he said
he (Cnmptnok> would like to have him
put it in writing.
"Didn't you go where he was to have
an altercation with him?"
"I did not. I thought he -was a gen
tleman." The remarks complained of
by both sides wore made in a railroad
station in Albany.
"•And dldrTt y.vj pr< To T> . I_."ver»r»n
for the purpose of stirring him up and
getting him to say something upon
which you could sue him?" asked Dr.
Leverson's lawyer.
"I did not," answered Comstock.
"And haven't you for twenty-fly*»
years being Inciting people to commit
crime?"
"In my capacity as postofflce In
spector I have written 'test letters'
which have been approved by the Su
preme Court and — "
"Now," Interrupted Judere. Lacombe.
who is a very patient man, "you are
not called upon to go into all that."
"Tell me." continuM the lawyer,
"have you not been writing letters for
the purpose of inducing people to com
mit crime?"
"I have not." said Comstr>"k prompt
ly. Then it came out that when Com-
Btock had approached Dr. Leverson in
the Albany depot Dr. Leverson said to
him, "Go away. How dare you speak
to me? Go away and leave me alone."
Comstock didn't go away, and so Dr.
Leverson called a policeman. Com
stoek said that when Dr. Leverson had
referred to him as a blackmailer he
(Comstock) had asked the policeman
to arrest Dr. Leverson. The. policeman
did so.
"Because," as Comstock explained,
"as soon as the doctor had told me to
pr> away from him he also turned to
a crowd and said, "Ladies and gentle
men, this is Anthony Comstock, the
notorious blackmailer, etc' ".
"Now, Mr. Comstock," asked Lawyer
Pierce, as he shook* a letter at the
witness, "did you write to Dr. Park
over the name of Annie E. Ray?"
Thiß made considerable legal dis
turbance, which was increased when
Mr. Pieroe continued: "Isn't it a fact
that you have written letters In the
name of young girls, stating that you
were burdened with disgrace and
pleading with doctors to whom they
were addressed 'For God's sake' to
send them something . to save them
from disgrace for life?"
This interesting line of Inquiry waa
blocked by Judge Lacombe, who re
fused to permit such questions to be
put to the witness. That ended the
case, except for the summing up, after
which Judge J^aeombe charged the
Jury that, the alleged scandalous lan
guage not being denied, the only ques
tions to be considered in deciding the
suit was provocation or malice and the
amount of damage done to Comstock's
character and reputation.
The Jury came in with a verdict of
6 cents in favor of Comstock.
PROVIDES FOR HEW
REVENUE SERVICE VESSELS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Senator
Frye to-day Introduced a bill author
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to
have eight vessels constructed for the
uee of the revenue cutter service, four
of them to cost 1160,000 each and one of
them to cost $250,000. and the other
three $45,000 each. The first four are
to be used in replacing the Seward, the
McLean, the Colfax and the Boutwell
and the last three In replacing the
Washington at Philadelphia harbor;
the Hamlin, at Boston harl>or, and the
Chandler, at New York harbor. The
J2F>O.OOO vessel is to be used at the Col
umbia River bar. on^he Pacific ('oast.
The bill was Introduced at the instance
of the Treasury Department. The old
vessels to be replaced are complained
of as obsolete and unfit for the service
required.
THE DANCE WITH
DEATH NOW DONE;
DURRANT TO HANG
TO-DAY THE
ROPE WILL
END IT ALL
Governor Budd De
clares He Will Not
Interfere.
Courts Have Closed Their
Doors to Any Further
Technicalities.
All Hope Has Gone From the
Prisoner and He Is Weak
ening Fast.
HE PRAYS CONTINUALLY.
Defeated on All Sides, There Is Noth
ing Left for the Condemned Man
but the Scaffold.
The merry chase Durrant has led the
grim avenger of the belfry murder is
nearly done.
The legal fabric that has taken so
long to build, has worried courts and
Judges and public for years and has led
the case from one end of the country
to the other, is tumbling like a house
of cards, and this morning will see the
end.
The Governor has refused to inter
fere. The United States Circuit Court
will hear no more motions, file no more
papers and issue no more writs. The
Supreme Justices in Washington will
stay no process of the State courts,
and under the woipht of all his fail
ures the condemned man writhes in his
cell and calls aloud in his anguish.
He has spoken to the press, but his
words were well weighed and threw
no light upon the happenings of that
April back in 1595. He has seen his
friends for the last time, and he knows
his end is near.
The gallows has been tried, the
noose tested and the trap sprung. The
executioners have been appointed and
all the grewsome arrangements are
completed.
The last day's struggle was marked
only by disaster.
In the morning Deuprey appeared
before the United States Circuit Court,
and, presenting a bill of exceptions,
asked that it be signed. Judges Mor
row and De Haven took the matter
under advisement, and after carefully
considering the effect the signing of
the bill would have upon the case, they
decided to allow the request and they
signed the bill, after examining it
thoroughly to see that all was in legal
form.
Mr. Deuprey's spirits rope at once.
Having had the bill safely signed he
prepared a notice of appeal and then,
with a certified copy of the bill of ex
ceptions, he started for San Quentin
and served both papers on the Warden.
Then in the afternoon a formal appeal
from the decision of Wednesday was
offered to the clerk of the Circuit Court
for filing, but he refused to have any
thing to dn with them. They were
left on the clerk's desk, however, and
Deuprey says if they were not filed it
is no fault of his; they were offered
and should have been filed. The mere
fact of the offer of the papers, he says,
constituted an appeal, and he is hon
estly certain that at this time Dur
rant has a valid appeal pending In the
United States Supreme Court.
THE NORTHWEST WING, WHERE THE GALLOWS STANDS.
WORDS THAT SHATTERED
DURRANT'S LAST HOPE
Hon. W. E. Hale. Warden San Quentln State Prison. San Quentin, Cal.
Dear Sir : I have carefully considered the papers which were served upon
you by the counsel for W. H. T. Durrant and submitted by you to me, and
which purport to be a bill of exceptions of the proceedings had In the
United States Circuit Court on the 4th and sth inst. From this bill of ex
ceptions it appears that an application was made to the United States Cir
cuit Court for a writ of habeas corpus; that the application was denied
and the petition dismissed; that the counsel for the petitioner then filed
and presented to the court a petition for an order allowing an appeal from
the order denying the writ, which petition was denied; that the counsel
for petitioner then requested that a citation upon the appeal petitioned for
be signed, which request was denied; that the said counsel then requested
the court to fix the amount of a bond to be given upon the appeal peti
tioned for and offered to the court a bond and asked the court to approve
the same In an amount to be fixed, which request was denied; to all of
which rulings counsel took an exception, and the entire matter is Incor
porated In and constitutes the bill of exceptions so served upon you.
In reply to your Inquiry as to whether or not this will in any manner
operate to stay the execution of Durrant, I desire to say that it is obvious
from this bill of exceptions that the Circuit Court refused to allow the ap
peal; that In the opinion of Judge de Haven in this matter, sitting with
Judge Morrow as a Circuit Judge, he expressly held that it was within the
discretion of the court to refuse to allow an appeal, and that where no ap
peal was expressly allowed there is no appeal pending within the meaning
of the provisions of section 766 of the Revised Statutes of the United States,
and that this opinion of course controls.
The alleged bond on appeal and the alleged notice of appeal and the
notice from the attorneys, which were served upon you by counsel for
Durrant, do not In any respect affect what I have already said. Respect
fully, W. F. FITZGERALD, Attorney-General.
fully.
On the same boat that Mr. Deuprey
took from San Quentin came the War
den. He was worried about the legal
status of the papers which had been so
vigorously served upon him, and he
wished to see and consult the Attorney-
General on the proper course to pursue.
The Warden was closeted with the At
torney-General for over an hour, and
the result of the consultation was an
opinion by the Attorney-General which
set forth that the so-called appeal was
of no effect whatever, and that there
was no legal reason why the execution
should not proceed at the time set by
the court. ,
At 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
Governor made public the fact that he
Jiad ayain decided to let the law take
its course. His decision was the mere
announcement that he would not inter
fere, for he said he had gone over the
case before and he saw nothing in this
new application to lead him to an opin
ion different from that which he had
held in the previous applications.
The decision of the Governor was not
much of a surprise, for even the most
hopeful had expected nothing else. The
Governor had made no previous an-
nouncement of his purpose to not in
terfere, nor did he Inform the Warden
of it until late yesterday afternoon.
The first person to visit the doomed
man yesterday was Captain Edgar,
who remained chatting with him for
a quarter of an hour. No mention was
made of the approaching execution nor
was any phase of Durrant's affairs al
luded to. The condemned man knew
that Deuprey was to go before the Cir
cuit Court again to-day in a last ef
fort to stay his fate, but said nothing
either as to his hopes or doubts.
He struggled to discourse about every
thing save what was uppermost in his
mind, and preserved to the close of the
interview a calm demeanor, although
the despair and agony with which he
is tortured showed all too plainly in
his haggard countenance and restless
mannerisms. As the captain was about
to withdraw Durrant asked him if he
svould not furnish a few envelopes for
messages he wished to write to his
friends. These the captain procured
for him and soon afterward he wrote,
sealed and addressed several notes
which he kept until he could give them
to his mother for delivery. Then he
threw himself on the mattress in a
state of collapse.
Partly recovering from this an hour
later he tried to Interest himself In the
Bible and religious works from which
he professed to extract comfort. His
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
January 6.
keen-sighted guards, who follow his
every movement, noted that he was
nervous and distracted, and evidently
saw only the white of the pages he list
lessly turned.
Ever since the conviction dawned on
him that his lawyers had exhausted
the resources of their legal quibbles he
has grown rapidly weaker of nerve
until his guards have come to the be
lief thnt he will go entirely to pieces
when he is confronted with the gal
lows.
From all accounts only the most
meager idea of his state of mind has
reached the outer world, as his guards
are cautioned to silence as to what oc
curs in the doath changer and decline
to give more than inklings of the par
oxysyms of rage and grief he has suf
fered the few days past, and more par
ticularly since the decision of the Cir
cuit Court respecting the last habeas
corpus petition reached him. It Is
learned from an authority in official
communication with the guards that
he is living a dual character.
When a visitor is announced he
braces up and seems to be the Dur
rant of the Blanche Lamont trial and
the subsequent court ordeal through
which he passed so cold bloodedly. He
takes care, however, to avoid reference
to the black Friday ahead, and con
fines his conversation almost wholly to
religious subjects and trifling remin
iscences of childhood. When the vis
itor departs he relapses into a pitiable
condition, alternately weeping, groan
ing and raving at the courts and news
papers. Then will come a period of
prostration, when he lies on the floor,
groveling for a quarter of an hour at
a spell.
Durrant took no hope from the ap
pearance later in the day of Deuprey,
who came accompanied by United
States Marshal Baldwin to serve no
tice on Warden Hale of the filing in the
Circuit Court of the bill of exceptions
and to assert that under this action of
the court Durrant could not be execut
ed to-morrow. The Warden posted off
to San Francisco with all dispatch to
consult Attorney General Fitzgerald.
During his absence J. A. Spencer, the
executioner of Folsom Prison, arrived,
and together with Amos Lunt, the
hangman of San Quentin, made a final
test of the death rope. It was found
in proper condition.
The fall provided for Durrant is
seven feet.
About the same time Prison Chap
lain Drahms called on Durrant to offer
him religious consolation. Shortly
after the two men began praying Dur
rant burst into tears. This spell lasted
for five minutes, after which he re
gained composure.
The chaplain left him apparently in2
a quiet state of mind, but a few min
utes later he was prone again on tne
m \Vhen S 'warden Hale returned from
San Francisco he was fully armed witn
legal authority to proceed with the ex
ecution of Durrant in accordance with
the sentence pronounced by Judge
Bahrs. He filed the opinion given him
by the Attorney General advising him
to proceed, in the prison records.
The Warden is entirely satisfied as
to the performance of his duty.
TRUSTS IN THE LORD.
Durrant Interviewed, but His
Words Were Valuable.
"I am prepared to die. I rely on God;
my faith sustains me; I will die
bravely."
Theodore Durrant was speaking
from his cell, a cell covered
with wire lest somebody reach
him and place in his hands the j
means of cheating the gallows.
Yet his voice was firm. As he talked j
two guards stood silent and grim be- j
Bide him. Two more just without. His
mother sat in -,i low rocking chair
close to the screen where she had sat |
for hours, and every moment keen j
.>. atched her. The father had
gone, leaving the woman there as if
to set a seal upon the lips of the
.. d. At times, by a word of warn
ing, she would check him, ever alert
to avoid a damaging admission.
"I am not afraid to die," continued
the slayer "f Blanche Lament and j
Minnie 'Williams, looking at the strong j
white fingers that had stified the girls 1 I
cries for mercy.
••It is ma awful to go to such a
death. Such a death as mine may be
the means of abolishing capital pun
ishment in this State."
•Yes it will be a grand death, Theo;
think how Jesus died." The mother
haa spoken.
"I have been accustomed to remun
eration." the prisoner went on, "when
talking for publication."
"Yes, anything- Theo says now is of
great value." The mother had spoken
again.
On the scaffold I shall proclaim my
innocence to the world; that is all:
proclaim it loudly. I thank God that
no blood is upon me. But this seal of
California you can Bay it is placing up
on itself a blot in murdering a guilt
less man, or rather a guiltless boy.
"I am not afraid. It is painful to
leave father and mother this way, but
I am going to a better life. The body
descends, but the spirit ascends. I am
going where there shall be no more
sorrow. I never knew the sustaining
power of laith until in my troubles. I ,
nave Leaned on Christ and in him;
: strength.
"Theo," interrupted the mother, "you
have Baid enough."
No price had been offered; why
sh<uld precious time be wasted?
H;-r attention was drawn to the door,
and after a pause he went on: "I have
no physical fear, and there is no dia
grace in going to the gallows when I i
go with no stain on my soul and cer- :
tain that sooner or later the truth will
be known."
Occasionally the mother wept, rock- j
ing in her chair. At the mention of |
death she shed tears, and when the be
lief that Theo was to die a martyr was
mentioned by him her feelings again
overcame her. But the humane heart, ■
naturally touched by a mother's woe,
felt its impulses blighted when be- '
tween paroxysms the mother bethought ;
herself that the words of her son were :
worth money.
Durrant would not discuss any spec- !
ial phase of his case, nor mention more '
ti an his emotions, and his confidence
that one day his name would be ;
cleared. He avoided mention of his
desire that his body be not even so !
much as gazed upon by stranger eyes,
and harped upon the one theme that
the State was about to murder him,
and that he was a willing sacrifice for
the good his fate might do in saving
future assassins from the rope. He
was willing to talk indefinitely upon
the faith which buoyed him up. upon
his assurance of bliss, and if he showed
an inclination to wander from this line !
of thought his mother quickly checked ;
him.
"Theo," she would say firmly, "you
have talked enough."
It seems almost brutal to relate the
unavoidable conclusion. In an apart
ment but a few feet away stood the
gallows which awaited her son. Upon
her ten fingers she could have counted
ten hours to intervene before he should
dangle there, dead, forfeit to the law
so outraged and so long defied. Yet
she was the stronger of the two, her
will controlled, she gave to the inter
view its tone, and the tone was mer
cenary. Sitting beside her son, she
seemed to alternate between mourning
for him and planning how to coin dol
lars from his blood, a shocking and ap
palling thing. A realization of it added
to the ghastliness of the place, seemed
to chill the air, and to make the spot
uncanny.
Durrant moved uneasily. There was
nothing more to say. He had declared
his innocence, his faith, his martyr
dom. His mother wished him to say
no more.
A lady was in waiting to be told these
same things and others, the others be
ing in the estimation of some, worth
a price.
"Good night," said the visitor. "Good
bye," said Durrant, no quaver in his
voice. The interview was at an end.
The lady who had been waiting stepped
to the cage. She was there until the
mother went away, and accompanied
her.
• Why did his mother stay after the
father had gone," was a question asked
among the curious at the door.
"Because she was afraid that Dur
rant, if left alone, would break down
and confess," was the usual answer.
Durrant manifested no desire to
avoid receiving company. In fact, he
was relieved at a chance to deaden
realization of the awful fact that he
was spending his last night on earth.
But while he talked freely, it was to
reiterate his innocence. He admitted
that he had given up all hope; noth
ing more. In the presence of visitors
he showed no sign of weakness. His
real aspect, however, could only be de
tected by a scrutiny made difficult by
the wire screen.
Looking intently, one could see that
his eyes were red, his face pallid and
drawn, and resting over eyes and face
like a shadow an expression of utter
despair. His seeming confidence was
that of the actor keyed up to his part.
Behind his boasts was the stimulus of
fear. He was as if the ghosts of mur
dered prirls haunted his memory and
he had essayed to drive them away by
the hollow tones of a bravery he did
not feel. He could talk while his
mother was there to guide him and
she guided htm to discretion.
But will he never tell the dreadful
story so far concealed? There is yet
time. Before he reaches the foot of the
gallows he will have to face the situa
tion friendless alone; the secret strug
gling to his lips, and he about to meet
hiS CrOll.
When asked by a representative of
the Associated Press what he had to
say he replied: "It was a great sur
prise, but I am prepared for It."
"How do you feel?"
"Hopeful, buoyant and ready to meet
my Maker. I know the Lord Is with
me. No one knows what faith is until
It Is tried. lam going to a judge who
has never committed a wrong and who
cannot. My faith has been so strong
that I have been kept up and will be
sustained to the end."
Then, turning to his mother, he said:
"Mother, I have come to the conclusion
that it needs trial to know God."
"And you may say that to the
world," he added.
A sudden thought seemed to strike
LOUIS P. BOARDMAN, OF DURRANT'S COUNSEL.
Durrant. for he added in a voice dif
ferent from the earnest religious ac
cents of his previous remarks: "I have
had offers of remuneration for a talk
with me from the East. Have had
three or four telegrams ."
His mother Interrupted with "All of
his words are of great value."
No offer of compensation being
■made. Durrant was promptly cau
tioned to talk no more. He was will
ing to comply, but his mother being
called away a moment he resumed in
his former strain.
"I will make no reference to the
past. All will be made clear, if not in
this world then in the next. I feel that
I am perfect in Christ."
"\\ hat will you say at the last?" was
a rather difficult question to ask, but
the answer was quick and in firmer
voice than he had been using.
"I shall only proclaim my innocence —
loudly — strenuously. Make this as
strong as you please. I thank God my
hands are clean, not stained with
blood, but the fair name of California
will stand stained with a crime that
can never be wiped out — the blood of
an innocent man."
At th ; s point Mrs. Durrant returned
to the side of her son, and said rather
sharply: "There, you have said
enough. Theodore; too much already, I
am afraid."
"I will not falter at the end. I -will
die bravely, knowing I am going to a
better world. That's all, mother," sub
missively replied the condemned mur
derer, as he said good by and turned
his head away.
A JOURNALISTIC PASTOR.
He Comes in the Gospel's Guise
to Serve the Fleshly World.
SAN QUENTIN, Jan. I— When Mr.
and Mrs. Durrant arrived at the
prison at about 7 o'clock, having come
in a hack from Pan Rafael, they were
accompanied by Parson Davis of Oak
land, his pretended mission 'being to
offer spiritual consolation to the con
demned and incidentally, as was gen
erally supposed, to gather such infor
mation as might be useful to a morning
paper of unscrupulous methods. He
was inside for an hour or more, and
when his fat face appeared again it
was pale and pasty.
He was at once besought to tell of
his interview, no real newspaper men
having then had access to the con-
I demned. Before the worthy parson
i could reply he was caught by a gang
I of ruffians, among them at least two
prizefighters, and hustled into the wait
ing hack. The father of the pris
oner was with Davis, and a reporter
of the paper had been concealed In the
hack.
Mr. Durrant during the brief scene
exclaimed, "Have you no respect for a
minister of the gospel?"
Nobody responded in the affirmative,
[ but Davis, with his silk hat awry and
I his face paler and pastier than evei ,
I rolled from the prison door. The
j prize fighters exchanged congratula
tions, but over what did not appear,
as there was nothing gained by tneir
I display of ruffianism, the arrangement
being that If the representative of one
! paper should be admitted all the other
1 papers should be similarly favored,
and this was fully carried out, no
morning paper being denied.
Immediately upon returning from
In Francisco, after having been in
ucted by the Attorney General to
>ceed with the hanging. Warden
ile announced that Durrant might
■ one representative in turn from
-h dally newspaper. Durrant had
pressed a desire to talk to the re
rters on the previous evening, but
i Warden had declined to grant them
mission because of the especial re
est of General Dickinson that none
be allowed to talk with him. With the
decision of the Attorney General that
K» execution was not stayed by the
1 of exceptions filed In the Superior
urt, he further advised that Durrant
should be permitted to meet to-night
such reporters as he desired to inter
view him.
It was thought at first that fair play
in this respect would be rendered im
possible by the unscrupulous methods
common to the San Francisco newspa
per that has been contributing so much
maudlin and hysterical literature to
the revolting features of this case.
At the first break the Journalistic
minister and his backers made to reach
Durrant, objection was made on the
ground that the so-called minister of
the gospel was in reality serving as a
Iwspaper reporter in disguise. The
arge was justified by the assertion
one of the men having him in
arge. made to a friend who tried to
sit him at the headquarters of this
grading conspiracy. "You can't see
him: we have him under contract."
Upon having the design brought to
their attention the prison officials in
sisted that the new spiritual adviser
should have no special newspaper priv
ileges, and that if he was taken to
Durrant any other reporters whom
the condemned man desired to see
should be admitted to the screen. Fi
nally the Durrants, taking alarm at
I the tempest raised, for all the other
newspaper representatives had com
t bined in protest, agreed that a reprc
[ sentative of each newspaper should be
; granted an audience.
Mrs. Durrant staid with her son un
til after the last interviewer had de
parted, coaching him throughout. She
i left the jail at 11:22 and Durrant im
: mediately after she had gone threw
himself on the couch to sleep and
j dream of the morrow.
The latest word received privately
from the death chamber tells thnt he
I was utterly downcast and wretched be
i fore his mother arrived to-night. She
THE SAN FTCANCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, ' JANUARY 7, 1898.
remained with him at the outside of j
the cell screen until a late hour and i
etood by to keep him resolute until the
last visitor had come and gone. She
was careful to see that he confined his
speech to religion and uncompromis
ing subjects with every interviewer.
FINAL ARRANGEMENTS.
What Will Be Done in the Death
Chamber This Morning.
SAN QUKNTIN PRISON. Jan. 6.— lf
the arrangements are carried out to
the letter to-morrow morning Theodore
Durrant will expiate the Emmanuel
Church crimes.
If the fears and prediction of his
guards are fulfilled the execution will
not be wanting in extra m DsaUonal
features, for they foretell his abject
collapse when he faces the hangman.
If Durrant carries out his announced
intention he will deliver a prayer and
protest his innocence, while the execu
tioner poibt-s the black cap for his head.
If he d"i s neither, if he mounts the
trap with his old-time nerve and ac
cepts his fate in silence perhaps not
more than a minute will be consumed
between his departure from the death
chamber and his death fall. No one
seems to anticipate a confession. It
is expected of him that he will die with
sealed lips so far as his crimes are con
cerned. He will enact his religious
farce to the end, unless the universal
opinion here errs.
It is the present intention of the
Warden to enter the death-chamber
about 9 o'clock and read the death war
rant.
Before Durrant is led to the gallows
by his guards his mother will be al
lowed a last interview. Every precau
tion will be taken to prevent the carry
ing out of any plan of suicide that may
be contemplated, and the parting scene
will be kept within reasonable bounds
as to time.
A few moments before the condemn
ed man is taken to the scaffold those
who received permission to witness the
closing tragedy of Durranfs career will
be admitted to the execution chamber.
Three men will have preceded them
by another and private entrance and
taken their positions in a booth erected
for them on the scaffold. They will be
so placed that they can see the hang
man, while the spectators cannot see
them.
Durrant will mount the scaffold at
tended by his guards and spiritual ad
visers. When the black cap and rope
have been adjusted the executioner
will point his right hand to heaven.
This will be the signal for the three
men each to sever the strand of rope
over which each stands with a keen
edged knife resting against it.
One of these three strands, which
are so cunningly intertwined as to
conceal from every living conscious
ness the one which communicates with
the trap trigger, will drop Durrant to
death. The thud of the strained rope
will be lost in the awful crash of the
trap as it swings from under the feet
of the criminal and is caught by its
fasteners.
Thus will Theodore Durrant die.
The ermVen attitude of the murderer,
which la now revealed in the hour of
his despemtion and hopelessness, is
in striking contrast with the bravado
which sustained him so long and
which puzzled the analyst. He is no
longer the innocent stoic, the fearless
religionist. The nature of his kind
comes to the surface at last, as the
grim hand of avenging death reaches
out to clutch him.
BOARDMAN BEFORE COURT
H!3 Application for Writs and
Orders All Denied.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. «.—
Louis P. Boardman arrived here early
this morning from San Francisco to
make a last desperate effort to sava
Durrant's life. He endeavored to con
etal his presence in Washington and
registered as a commercial traveler at
the Hotel Raleigh under the assumed
name of "Charles A. Ceare, Chicago."
But The Call correspondents had re
ceived information that he would be
r-tre to-day and It was not long until
they discovered that Ceare of Chicago
was the man they wanted.
Mr. Boardman's talk of an hour with
Justice Brewer was fruitless. The
Justice declined to interfere with the
execution. Mr. Boardman appeared
to be very much down-cast when the
two emerged from the Supreme Court
chambers.
"Well, I guess it's all up with Dur
rant, boys," said he as he related the
story of his interview with Justice
Brewer,
Mr. Boardman then said he would,
bowcvar, make one last effort to save
Durrant before the full bench to
morrow. The court does not meet un
til 12 o'clock, and therefore whatever
he does must be done quickly, for
Durrant's execution 1b set for 10:30
o'clock.
Mr. Boardman has never been ad
mitted to practice before the Supreme
Court, and he will not attempt to be,
for thlß would consume a good deal of
time, and It will be precious to-mor
row morning.
'•There 1b one motion that I can
make, however, without being admit
ted to the bar, nnd that is a motion
for a writ of habeas corpus," said he
to-night.
"What will he your method of gain
ing recognition?" was asked.
"Why, when the court meets at 12
I will simply rise in my place and make
the motion," paid he.
It Is very evident, however, that Mr.
Boardman has abandoned all hope, and
realizes that Durrant will hang to
morrow morning.
"But," says he, "If by the merest pos
sibility my motion should be granted,
the telegram announcing a stay of ex
ecution could be rushed to San Quentin
In time to save him, provided the wires
are working all right, for when It is
1 o'clock here (an hour after the court
meets) it is only 10 o'clock at San
Quentin.
"Are the Justices aware that you will
make the motion for a writ of habeas
corpus?" was asked.
"They are not," said he. "for I did
not fully make up my mind to do it un
til after my conversation with Jus
tices Brewer and Harlan."
Justice Brewer refused both of At
torney Boardman's applications for in
terference in the case.
Immediately after the adjournment
of the Supreme Court at 4 o'clock Jus
tice Brewer repaired to the Attorney
General's room, where he received Mr. \
Boardman and went over the case in
detail with him. He first considered
the application to sign a citation upon
the appeal which was sought to be ta- j
ken from the judgment of the Federal ■
Circuit Court of Ca'.iforniadenying the j
issuance of a writ of habeas corpus, the j
object being to perfect the appeal.
The application « as refused, and
then Mr. Boardman presented an ap- j
plication for a writ of error from the
judgment of the Supreme Court of Cal
ifornia upon the appeal from the last
order of Judge Bahrs fixing the date I
for Durrant's execution, the object be
ing to secure a writ of supersedeas,
which would act as a stay of proceed
ings.
In this matter Mr. Boardman sought
tv h-'.ve the order denying this appeal
considered as the final judgment of the
Supreme Court in the case.
In denying the application upon the
habeas corpus proceedings. Justice
Brewer said that under the construc
tion by the court of the constitution,
the Federal courts had no power of
limitation upon the right of appeal in
habeas corpus proceedings, the oulnion
being that such appeals should not be
allowed where the appeal operates to
suspend the power of the State author
i ities, and especially where the case has
already been heard upon one appeal in
a habeas corpus proceeding.
: With reference to the Avrit of error
he considered especially the represen
tation of Mr. Boardman upon the claim
that as the constitution of California
grants an appeal such an appeal be
comes a vested right. The Justice con
sidered this point carefully, but said
that as he could not accept the court's
judgment on this point as its final ac
tion, he could not. therefore, see his
way clear to Interfere on this account.
Mr. Boardman pointed out that the
probable execution of murrant to-mor
row would have the practical effect of
making the Judgment final so far as it
should bear upon his fortunes, but the
Justice held to his original determina
tion in the matter.
The interview lasted forty minutes.
As to the legality of a telegraphic
] stay of execution, one of the justices of
the Supreme Court said to-night:
"It is a matter that, so far as I know,
has never been legally tested, but in
I case of a telegraphic stay being sent,
; properly attested by the clerk of the
court. I should think it would be most
unlikely that the warden In charge of
the execution would disregard it. In
| case of such disregard the <<.urt might
I very properly take cognizance of the
j matter afterward, bul in this case it
: would be too late to benefit the pris
! oner. Owing to the peculiar urgency
of the case. I should say that every
i facility will be given the attorney for
! the condemned for a speedy hearing.
whatever the action of the court may
be."
THE STORM NOT OVER.
The Drought Broken by a Wel-
come but Slight Rain
1 "fall.
If it's up it's not down and if It's
down It's not up, according to the
Weather P.ureau's forecast official, W.
H. Hammon. Of course he is speaking
of his trustworthy barometer. He is
of the opinion that if the mercury
drops, more rain, which was so badly
wanted, will fall, and vice versa. For
two days rain had been predicted and
no rain was in evidence, but the third
fair weather was looked for and rain
came in plenty. Now the flat map is
supposed to be no account.
In northern California there will
probably be fresh winds and rain to
day, and it is predicted that the storm
is traveling toward the southern j>.>r
ti<m of the State. The rainfall in San
Francisco up to the present time has
been light, but throughout the country
surrounding Santa Rosa and Glen El
len a heavy fall is reported.
Utah, southern Idaho, New Mexico
as well iif. Texas, will come in lor a
portion of the rain. San Joaquln Val
ley and southern California will prob
ably receive a light fall within the next
twenty-four hours.
New Strcetccr fender.
As sonn p.s they are able Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Tucker will place before the Super
visors a now life and limb saving device
to be attached to the street cars. The
lady and gentleman live at 161 San Carlos
avenue in the Mission, and for the past
two yearn they have been perfecting
their Invention, for which a patent has
hff-n asked. The new fender consists of
nn apron with a movable lip. Apron and
Up, while n|->eratid together, can aln<> be
operated separately by the two levers
that always stand nt the hands of the
motnrmnn or griprnan. The levers are
held by ratohots. so as to ktrp the con
trivance from Ftriklnp when going over
uneven pround. The inventors claim
that any ordinarily active operator can
easily sconp up an object or a person and
carry it along until the car can be
Btoppe<l. One of the principal advantages
claimed for the thini* is that it is so con-
Ftrurttil that no one can get under the
car to which it la attached.
Pacific Lodge. I O B. B.
Pacific Lodge No. 48. I. O. B. 8., has
elected the following officers for the term
next ensuing: Louis Ehrlich, president;
J. Schwitzer, vice-president; Jacob Oans,
secretary; A. Kaplan, treasurer; Pincus
Harris, warden; G. Bearwald, outside
guard; H. Schwartz, D. Davis and Louis
Metzger, trustees; H. P. Bush, hall
director; Marc Newman, medical ex
aminer; Henry Schwartz, D. Davis
Jacob Cans, William Geist and Louis
Metzger, representatives to the Grand
Lodge. I
Past Masters' flssoclatlor).
Th^ following officers of the Past
Masters' and Moguliim Knights' Asso
ciation. A. O. U. W.. have been Installed
by W. H. Barnes, P. P. and P. O. M. W. :
Past president, John Hartley; president,
C. S. Curtis; vice-president. F. O. Kraul;
recorder, F. J. MeGulre; financier,* E. A.
Smith; treasurer, P. Abrahamaon: Ber
geant-at-arms, P. A. Smith; watchman,
R. T. McLess; finance committee — J.
Hartley, K. F. Joy and P. A. Smith;
amusement committee— W". Malloy, \v.
H. Barnes and \V. 11. Jordan.
The Stationary Engineers.
The following name<l officers of San
Francisco No. 1 of California National
Association of Stationary Engineers were
installed last Tuesday night for the en
suing term: C. C. BaatMT, president; A.
M. Locke. vice-president; J. W. Leary,
troasnror: W. T. Bonney. corresponding
and recording secretary : H. M. Caldwell,
financial secretary; L. W. Holbrook. con
ductor: P. Madden, door-keeper, and H.
W. Meyers, trustee. The Installation was
followed by a smoker and a short pro
gramme of entertainment.
Ta Cure a Cold lo One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnin; Tablet*. All
drugg-l*ts refund the money If It fails to cure.
Sue. The genuine has L. B. Q. ou each tablet.
ANGERED BY
FAIR PLAY OF
THE CALL
Los Angeles Papers
in Spasms Over
Webb.
They Have Evidently
United in Selecting Him
for a Victim.
However, the Violations of
the Law by Braly Are
Overlooked.
| PECULIAR PROSECUTIONS.
Men Most Active in the Los Angeles
School Scandal Connected With
Corporations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— Two of the
local papers are in spasms of blind
anger over what they assume to term
The Call's defense of Walter L. Webb,
the accused member of the Board of
Education. No attempt is made to deny
or refute the facts and circumstances
comprised In the signed statement of
the accused man, nor of the offenses
placed at the door of School Director
and Banker Braly and others, who are
positively known to be guilty of crimi
nal acts.
It is a notorious fact that three of the
local papers, the Times, Herald and
Express, have condemned Webb and
have assumed him to be guilty in the
face of the admitted fact that no legal
evidence has been adduced to connect
Webb with the bribery that has been
predicted. They have published gar
bled reports, distorted out of all sem
blance to the testimony and develop
ments, and have apparently combined
to punish Webb, whether he be guilty
or innocent.
Not only have they done this, but
they have willfully ignored facts which
nhowed the guilt of a leader in the
present movement for municipal re
form. Two of these papers, the Times
and Express, to-day actually took up
the defense of a man who they must
know is guilty of a more heinous
crime, according to the law, than that
charged against Webb. Reference is
made to the <ase of J. A. Braly, the
School Director and banker, who en
gaged in the shaving of teachers' war
rants in clear violation of the laws of
the State.
Every fair-minded and impartial
citizen of this city admits that Webb
h.is not been given fair treatment by
the local prtss, and it was simply in
deference to this sentiment, which is
rapidly growing, that The Call under
took to give the facts inthis unfortu
nate affair as they actually existed.
It is not the question of Webb's
guilt or innocence that is Just now
engrossing attention, but the subject
of fair and just treatment to all con
cerned. All that The Call has under
taken to do in this matter is to give
the news — not to distort or pervert any
fact or circumstance — but to simply
give the facts as they develop and
leave the public to form its own Judg
ment.
How thoroughly and unfairly the
Times Is prejudiced is shown by the
following paragraph in its half col
umn editorial attack on The Call:
"Another member of the School
Board, against whom no charges have
been found, is stigmatized in a most
uncomplimentary manner and his bus
iness is referred to aftor a fashion that
may be libelous." The "other mem
ber" here referred to by the Times is
J. H. Braly. It is true that "no
charges have been found" against
him, and therein is where justice and
the League for Better City Govern
ment and the Times, the Herald and
the Express have failed.
In the case of Mr. Braly, who is a
member of the League, by the way, the
evidence is incontrovertible, it is doc
umentary and the facts constituting
th>- violations of the law by him are
admitted by that gentleman.
In the case of Webb, the evidence is
acknowledged, even by his enemies, to
be of a very precarious character. Not
a few people are now asking "Why does
not th» League for Better City Gov
ernment, if it is sincere In its work of
cleaning out the rascals, take action
against Braly. Cooper, Rhode, Morris
and Clara Sehroeter. at least to the ex
tent of having them removed from
their positions by the Board of Edu
cation?"
As part of its editorial attack, the
Express has this to say of the Call:
"It sets forth the conspiracy story,
which he that hath ears long enough
may believe, and follows this up with
a brutal and utterly unwarranted at
tack on another member of the board
and a deliberate effort to injure his
business interests."
This much the Express states and no
more. Where the brutality figures In
disclosing the guilt of J. H. Braly. a
public official, it fails to say. Nor does
it show in what respect this Is an "ut
terly unwarranted attack." Not a sin
pie fact printed by The Call in rela
tion to Mr. Braly is denied by either
the Express or the Times. The records
are in the office of the City Auditor, and
whoever has any curiosity in the mat
ter has the right to Inspect them.
Another question asked by the people
here and one which every fair minded
American citizen would like to see an
pwered by the local papers is why have
these papers apparently determined to
convict Webb and to acquit Braly.
It may be stated at this point* that
The Call stands ready at this md all
times to aid in the eradication of cor
ruption, in the punishment of corrup
tioniats an<t In the establishment of
good government. Webb may be Err.il
ty, and many people believe he is, but
no one has been found by The Call cor
respondent who does not admit that
there has been no legal testimony
brought out against him.
A prominent attorney and a gentle
man who believes that Webb may be
guilty of the charges preferred against
him thus expresses what is the senti
ment of the better and conservative
people:
"There is no question that the local
papers, with the exception of the Rec
ord, have been hounding Webb. They
have pronounced him guilty despite
the absence of testimony to prove him
so. He may be guilty, but if the news
papers are to be permitted to single
out a man and thus wantonly con
demn him in the eyes of the public no
man, no matter how high his standing
in the community, is safe from such
attacks. It is unjust; it is unfair; it is
un-American, and outrages th<» best
feelings of decent people. The Call, In
my opinion, has simply taken up this
matter, and rightly, on the broad and
liberal ground of malice toward none
and Justice for all, and deserves the
gratitude and support of every right
thinking individual."
Webb in his signed statement
charged that he was being made the
victim of a conspiracy in which the
League for Better City Government
for political reasons, and the friends
of Miss Mac Owen, the deposed school
teacher, for the purposes of revenge,
were taking part. In this connection
some significant relationships are be
ing cited among the individuals prom
inent in the Webb prosecution. W. B.
Cline, T. E. Gibbon and W. A. Cheney
are the three gentlemen who were most
solicitous and active in behalf of Miss
Owen. Cline is president of both the
Los Angeles Lighting Company and
the Los Angeles Electric Company.
T. E. Gibbon, who is director of the
League for Better City Government, is
the attorney for the Los Angeles Elec
tric Company, and was, before he went
East on other business, the attorney in
charge of the prosecution against
Webb. He is also vice-president of the
Los Angeles Terminal Hallway Com
pany.
Cheney, the leading counsel now in
the prosecution of Webb, is the attor
ney for the Los Angeles Lighting Com
pany, but a recent acquaintance of
Miss Mac Owen, and declines to state
whether or not he is the personal at
torney of Cllne^
F. K. Rule, the president of the
League for Better City Government, is
auditor, secretary and treasurer of the
Los Angeles Terminal Railway Com
pany, of which Gibbon is vice-presi
dent.
TO KEEP
THE CZAR
IN CHECK
Continued from First Page.
occupation of Hainan Island Is gene
ral here.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— The German press
is indulging in a tone of extravagant
self-satisfaction over the success of
German diplomacy in China. The fact
that Emperor William could personally
confer the order of the Red Eagle on
Baron yon Buelow, the German For
eign Minister, for his share in the af
fair, indicates that the Emperor is de
lighted with the outcome of his policy.
The newspapers, with the exception
of the Vossische Zeitung, are full of
sneering remarks at England's expense.
The Vossische Zeitung, however, points
out that there is plenty of room for
everybody, and even suggests that the
time has arrived for a "better under
standing between England and Ger
many."
The rather apologetic tone of the
North German Gazette in its semi
official article yesterday seems to bear
reflection of the feeling in some quar
ters that the acquisition of a coaling
station is hardly the realization of the
great colonial enterprise which the
blaze of Prince Henry's departure fore
shadowed, and the suggestion of the
possibility that Kiaochau might prove
unsuitable leads many to ask whether
Germany, after all, has taken a leap
in the dark.
It is now discovered that if Germany
moves north she is bound to clash with
Russian interests; if further south,
then with English interests. Already
it is proposed to establish a branch of
the German-Asiatic Bank at Kiaochau
and postal regulations will be issued.
The Government is ordering the prepa
ration of maps and charts of the dis
trict and proposes to begin the explor
ation of the coal beds of Shantung
peninsula immediately.
Various rumors are current as to the
I conferences of the powers to settle the '.
Chinese question, but none can be re- :
t lied upon. Herr Richter, in the Freis- i
I sinige, thinks an unnecessary noise has
been raised for what he calls an ome
lette, and he says he cannot perceive
any commercial advantage in the ac- ;
quisition of Kiaochau.
The North German Gazette, in a
semi-official article, says:
"The development of affairs In East j
Asia is becoming more tranquil. The |
trouble was caused by the political an- j
tagonism of Great Britain and Rus
sia, but behind the political antagon
ism now appears an economic one,
which, however, should be arranged
with little difficulty. There is no rea
■on why one state should exclusively
undertake the Chinese loan. The in- j
dications are in favor of dividing the i
loan."
In another article the North German
Gazette says: "The main purport of
the Chinese agreement shows in full
light the German objects in Eastern
Asia, which are free from all violence.
Germany does not seek to force her
way into Chinese territory as a con
queror, but she will peacefully develop
that conceded to her. As in all Ger
many's transmarine enterprises, fur
ther action is subordinate to modera
tion. The arrangement has strength
ened rather than prejudiced the China-
Germany relationship. Moreover, we
have, from an economic and commer
cial point of view, secured an advan
tage which we could not renounce
without self-depreciation."
VIENNA, Jan. 6.— The Deutsche Zei
tung. echoing German feeling, says:
"England has suffered a crushing de
feat, but there is no fear of war. The
British lion roars, but he does not bite.
All civilized nations ought to be grate
ful to Emperor William for having de
stroyed the myth of Great Britain's
universal domination."
A FOLK-SONG RECITAL.
A Distinguished Er)tertainri)ent
Given by Miss Villa Whit
ney White.
Miss Villa Whitney White pave the
first of a series of three lecture reci
tals of German folk-song at the Cali
fornia Theater last night, before an
audience which, in point of size, was
ridiculously inadequate to the value of
the entertainment. To the very few
lovers of music who attended the
evening was one of refined and unique
charm. Miss White is a young woman
of delightful personality, good educa
tion and good sense; her voice is full
and sympathetic, both in speech and
song; and she sings with appreciation.
There is something almost repressed in
her way of giving the songs — and this
seems to intensify and make more
delicately evident her understanding
of the folk-song, of which music alone
can never be more than half. And in
this she is splendidly aided by Miss
Mary B. DiUingham. who accompa
nies on the piano with rare insight and
plasticity. Miss White gives to the text
its full value; first telling the story in
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the gl° w of the rose, l
and the flush of Hebe combine In Pozzoiu'sl
wondrous Powder. |
English, then singing it in the original
tongue. She weds the words and the
melody so beautifully that you have at
once the picture, perfume and spirit —
the song itself. In these days of ram
pant virtuosity and sensationalism it
is a lovely thing to now and then get
back to the modesty of music.
Lecture sounds so formidable a
word I dislike associating it with Miss
White's little discourses on the devel
opment and significance of folk-song.
Say that she talked, not too formally
and yet with pretty precision and au
thority, of the vital part the folk-song
has played in the music of Western
Europe of its almost extermination
at the hands of the contrafuntalists—
of its renascent popularity, due to the
Florentine melodists; of how it crys
tallized song-verse; of its early har
monic structure; of the evolution of
its accompaniment, from Hans Leo
Hasler Schubert, to Schumann, to
Brahms.
In all Miss White sang nineteen
numbers, covering in a more or less
degree and chronological order the en
tire history of folk-song. The remain
ing recitals will be of a more special
ized nature, to-morrow night's being
devoted exclusively to the Schubert
cyclus and the Saturday matinee to
the cyclus of ten by Alexander yon
Felitz and groups of Welsh, Irish,
English and Scotch. "•
Clever Thieves Caught.
Lou Keller and George Abrams were
arrested by Captain Callundan and Offi
o.rs Daws and Allen of the Morse De
tective Agency last evening and booked
at the California Station for petit lar
ceny. The prisoners have been suspected
of thieving for some time, and the offi
cers have been on the watch for them.
Abrams works at a hardware store at
113 Batten,- street, and last evening was
seen to hand Keller a package which he
brought from the store. This was found
to contain three dozen Yale locks. There
is supposed to be a confederate of the
men working at Langley & Michael s
drug store. Keller has been selling drugs
and hardware from time to time at dif
ferent stores, and it was through this
that the detectives learned of the rob
beries.
Found Dead by Her Children.
Mrs. Ann Cooper was found dead by
her children at her home, 2315 Mason
street, yesterday afternoon. She was
sitting at a table, with her head resting
on her hands. The little ones thought
her asleep, but being unable to awake
her, sent word to the father, who works
In the Danforth warehouse, and he noti
fied Policeman Olsen. The officer
thought the case a suspicious one, and
told the Deputy Coroner not to touch
the body until the detectives came. An
investigation proved that the woman had
died from natural causes.
The Presiding Judge.
The Police Judges, with the exception
of Judge Conlan. met at noon Wednes
day and elected Judge Campbell the pre
siding Judge for the next six months.
Judge Conlan was holding court at the
time and gave that as a reason for not
attending the meeting, but it was said
that there was a weightier reason, and
that he declined to hold himself responsi
ble for the action of the other Judges.
Stage Robbers Brought to the City.
James H. Davis and Edgar Ij. Davis,
the two brothers who were arrested for
holding up a stage in Mendocino County
seveiV.l months ago, were brought to the
city by Kx-Sheriff Stanley last evening
and lodged in the County Jail. The men
are to appear before the T'nited States
Grand Jury next week on the charge of
attempt to rob the mails.
Gas Poisoning Again
An inquest will be held on the body of
the late Catherine Downes, who was
asphyxiated by illuminating gas last
Tuesday. Expert testimony will be given
by Professor Green and Professor Wen
zell.
Saloon Keeper Insolvent.
Augustln Martin, a saloon-keeper, has
been adjudged insolvent. His liabilities
are scheduled at $359.13 and his assets at
JIOO.
WT~]
The first thing weak men do
is to get downhearted. You must
not do that. Your only chance is
to ask help. You can find it. If
you are listless and timid you want
to be braced up. You want to
become a full man again — a
great man and a powerful man.
"Hudyan" is the only thing that
can make you as vigorous as you
once were. "Hudyan" can be had
only from the Hudsonian doctors.
It has been given by them to
people all over the world. It has
cured people all over theworld. It
will cure you — make a man of you.
It will replace wasted vital force at
once. No more weak knees after
this treatment, and nothing but
full pleasure in life. Don't be
weak another hour. Free advice !
Free circulars ! Certain and prompt
restoration ! Little ulcers, copper-
colored spots, loosening teeth,
mean blood taint. Beware! "30-
day blood cure" drives that all out
of the system as surely as "Hud-
yan" makes manhood. These
circulars free, too. Don't be
WEAK.
I — —
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and [Ills Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
I — '
THE SAN FRANCISCO
NEWS COMPANY moved
From Post Street to
342-350 Geary Street,
Above Powell.
Books, Stationery and Periodicals,
i Wholesale and Retail.
DDTTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners'
dyers, flourmi'.la. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
| Brush Manufacturers.6o9 SacrainentoStOPPOSITION
TO HANNA ON
THE DEFENSE
The Combine's Confi
dence Somewhat
Shaken.
Jeptha Gorrard Will Re-
ceive Votes on the
First Ballot.
He Is a Millionaireof Cincinnati
and a Radical Free-
Silver Man.
DEMOCRATS URGED ON.
Republicans C«lle<3 to a Convention to
Protest Against the Attempt to
Defeat Hanna.
Special Dispatch to The C«.IL
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 6. — Conserva
tive estimates to-night place the legis
lative vote at 73 to 7t> against Hanna.
The workers of the Senator claim 71
votes and assurances of the necessary
two additional votes and possibly four.
The opposition Insists that Hanna
will never have 70 votes on Joint ballot
and that they have gained two votes
since the Legislature adjourned over
till Monday. Before the chairmanships
and preferred places and other patron
age are disposed of the opposition pay
that Hanna's vote will be reduced con
siderably below 70, which Is now at
least three short of enough to elect.
The opposition to Hanna consists of
the 65 Democratic members and 10 Re
publican members.
Included In the list of those support
ing Hanna are Representatives Droste
and Lane, silver Republican fusionists
from Cincinnati, who are counted on
for Jeptha Gerrard. The developments
to-day Indicated that Gerrard would
not only -be voted for on the ballots for
Senator, but that he might lead on the
first ballot if the present efforts are
successful to make him the free silver
Republican candidate. Gerrard is one
of the most wealthy men in Cincinnati
end he has always been a radical free
silver man.
Representative James Joyce of
Guernsey, who is included in the sev
enty votes claimed for Hanna, is con
sidered as doubtful. The Hanna men
claim that Jones of Stark, Redky of
Highland. Rutan of Carroll and Har
rison and Manuel of Montgomery, who
are on the list of the opposition, are
doubtful. The "combine" workers
were aggressive until the past day or
. when they not only had enough
vnipfi to defeat Hanna, but had also
:ied all the doubtful members.
The opposition is now on the defensive
. in keeping its majority in line. The
y-- contest has settled down to a siege, in
which the opposition holds the fort
i and the Hanna men are charging on
the breastworks. With the organiza
tion of the Legislature, the adminis
tration and other uncovered ramparts
the opposition feels well fortified. It
is conceded that the opposition is well
organized and drilled and also desper
ate in this fight. Kver since Kurtz
was retired as State chairman by
Hanna at the State convention in
Toledo last June efforts have been
made to retire Hanna, and there will
. be a fight to a finish on that issue.
The talk about Senator Burke being
In the doubtful list has about sub-
Hi-dcd. He was slated for President
;.pro tern, of the Senate by the opposi
tion, but as he "was not present on
:,...; Monday to qualify Senator Thaddeus
E. Crumley, a Democrat, was elected
■•; '. "President pro tern. It transpires that
Senator Crumley wrote out his resig
..... ration before his election, and it is in
the- hands of Senator Fink, the leader
.of the Democratic side. Whenever Sen
•. ator Burke is ready Senator Fink will
present the resignation of Crumley as
President pro tern, and Burke will get
. ; . the place.
So far the opposition to Hanna is not
:. -only holding its men well in line, but
•It has executed all the plans provided
for previous to th<- caucuses of last
■•:.S aturday night. The opposition man
: pagers say they are having no trouble
■to hold their men out against Hanna,
. '. but admit their trouble in finding any
■' candidate for whom all the "bolting"
Republicans and Democrats will vote.
The "bolting" Republicans are unani
. rnous in declaring they cannot vote for
• ' any Democrat under the clrr-um
etances for Senator. Enough Demo
. cratic members to give the managers
f trouble and anxiety say that they do
not want to vote for a Republican for
Senator.
The solicitude of the "combine" on
this issue is shown in an editorial
leader in this . evening's issue of th»
Democratic Press, the organ of the
combined opposition to Senator
Hanna, which says: "The Democratic
members of the Legislature now have
it in their power to defeat If. A.
Hanna for the Senate, and the blame
for a failure to do it will rest with
them. They can make no satisfactory
explanation if they fail. Stupidity in
Buch an emergency as the present is
as Intolerable as guilt. Every Repub
lican vote against Boxwell for Speaker
was cast to show unfaltering opposi
tion tn Hanna and has no other mean
in? whatever. If so, the overthrow of
Hanna can be accomplished by the
Fame union of Bryan Democrats and
For.aker Republicans that defeated
Boxwell and elector] MasOß Speaker.
How can this be brought about? Of
course Hanna cannot be elected so
long as every Democrat and Foraker
Republican is in his Sf-;it and refuses
t<> vote for him. But if any of them
remain away when the. vote is being
taken he may be elected (or so de
clared) by less than a majority of all
tho members elected to the Assembly.
To puard against this chance let every
J"mocratic member be present when
the ballots for Senator are taken."
A call was issued to-night by the
republican State executive committee
for a mass convention of Republicans
to be held in this city next Monday to
protest against the attempt to defeat
Senator Hanna.
A report was current to-night that
_.. a telegram had been received by the
v Democratic leaders from John R. Mc
4 Lean requesting that his name be kept
tmt of the Senatorial matter and urg
ing the Democrats to agree upon a
candjdate for Senator to defeat Mr
Hanna.
DISCUSSION
ON PACIFIC
RAILROADS
Views of Maguirej
Prevail in the
Committee.
President Should Bid the
Full Value on the
Kansas Pacific.
Temporary Government Own
ership of the Road Would
Do No Harm.
LINE OF ACTION AHEAD.
Hepburn Will Press the Bill Provid
ing for a Cabinet Commission
to Settle Debts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, Jan. 6.
The House Committee on Pacific
Railroads held its first regular meet
ing this morning. All bills before the
committee were called up in order for
their consideration. Maguire's bill giv
\ Ing the Supreme Court of the District
of Columbia exclusive jurisdiction of
the foreclosure proceedings was passed
for a week, Hepburn's bill for the set
tlement of the Sioux City and Pacific
railroad debt was referred to a sub
committee, consisting of Hepburn,
Shattuc and Maguire. Hepburn sug
gested that in former hearings the
present value of this debt was esti
mated at about 51,500.000.
Maguire said in view of serious error
in the estimates concerning the value
of the Union Pacific main line at the
former hearings it would be well to re
investigate and revise the estimates on
the Sioux City road. This was agreed
to.
Powers said he thought this course
proper, because the new members of
the committee had not had the advan
tage of being present at former hear
ings.
The Fleming bill, authorizing the
President to bid at his discretion on
the Kansas Pacific and other Pacific
railroads, was next taken up. Maguire
objected to the provision giving dis
cretion to the President as to the
amoupnt to be bid on behalf of the
Government, and insisted that the
President be required by the act to bid
an amount sufficient to pay the entire
amount to be bid on behalf of the
above the first mortgage.
Shattuc said that the road was not
worth more than $13,000,000 and that
the Government ought not under any
circumstances to pay more than that
for the road. He was utterly opposed
to Maguire's plan, because a provision
requiring the Government to bear the
whole amount, which would be about
J19.000.000, would probably cause the
road to fall into the hands of the Gov
ernment and establish a pernicious ex
periment in government ownership, to
which he is opposed.
Maguire said he did not view the
possibility of government ownership
with any alarm and that as the gov
ernment, in the case of the Kansas
Pacific, was bound to lose all of its
claim except the portion paid out of
the proceeds of the foreclosure sale it
would not cost the government a cent
more to buy the road at $19,000,000 than
it -ttould at $13,000,000. So the Presi
dent might as well be required to bid
the whole amount, and in the absence
of a higher bid to reduce the road to
government ownership and possession.
The road could then, under appropri
ate legislation (if thought advisable by
Congress), be offered for sale free from
the junior ineumbrances and other
complications now effecting it.
Fleming said he considered Maguire's
objection well taken and would vote
for his amendment to the bill, and that
he had introduced the bill as an urgent
measure desired and, in fact, prepared
by the Attorney-General, to put the
government in a position to bid at the
approaching Kansas Pacific sale, but
that he was satisfied the bill should
be amended in the manner proposed by
Maguire.
The bill was then referee*?, to a sub
committee of three to report at next
meeting. Other bills of minor import
ance were passed until next week, and
the Hepburn bill, providing for a com
mission of Cabinet officers to adjust
and settle the Pacific railroad debts,
was taken up.
Maguire inquired if it was the pur
pose of Hepburn to press its considera
tion. He stated that such was his pur
pose and that as the bill involved a
consideration of the whole Pacific rail
road problem, it might as well be con
sidered by the entire committee in the
first instance, instead of being referred
to a sub-committee. After some dis
cussion this was agreed to, but no time
was fixed for the consideration of the
bill.
The statement of Hepburn that he
intends to press the consideration of
this bill is generally accepted as indi
cating the form that the Pacific rail
road fight will take in the present Con
gress.
HAD NO BEARING UPON
SENATORIAL CANDIDATES.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— The annual
meeting of the Los Angeles county
branch of the National Republican
League was held this evening. It had
been intimated that the annual elec
tion of officers for the branch would
have some bearing upon the candidacy
of the two aspirants from Los Angeles
county for the United States Senator
ship, Robert W. Bulla and Henry T.
Gape, but the fact that officers were
elated by acclamation as follows dis
sipates this rumor: President, S. M.
Haskell, Pomona; secretary, Lester L.
Robinson. 1,.,s Angeles; first vice-pres
ident. Gilbert E. Overton; second vice
president, Walter F. Haas; third vice
president, James B. Scott; financial
secretary, A. J. Wheeler; treasurer G
M. Giffen. W. J. Varlel, R. N. Bulla
and R. A. Long delivered addresses.
Disappears From San Luis Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 6.— This city
is troubled over the disappearance of
Neil KJar, a well known citizen. Kjar
left a note to his wife stating that he
would probably never see her again
and that she would find $400 on de
posit in the bank. KJar took a consid
erable sum of the money which he had
on deposit.
THE SA^ FRAXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
HUMAN BEINGS
SOLD AT AUCTION
Florida Convicts Are Put on
the Block and Knocked Down
to the Highest Bidder as
in Slavery Days.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— A special to the Herald from West Palm
Beach, Florida, says: The State of Florida to-day auctioned oft 410
human beings, bringing to mind old slavery times, the only difference
being, perhaps, that in the olden days black chattels were worth
money. In this case the persons sold were only temporary slaves —
convicts. They had been brought here from the western part of the
State to be sold to the growers of tropical fruits.
Auctioneer "Jack" Gundy called bidders to the front at 10 o'clock
and began the sale. The bidders had inspected the convicts as if they
were cattle. The bidding was different from that at auctions gener
ally. One man would bid for ten men, and if no one else bid higher
he had the choice. William Stover of Fort Pierce bid in the first ten
men. To the negroes the sale seemed a sort of picnic, but the whites
shuffled forward most of them with downcast faces and limping gait.
Others boldly faced the crowd, and seemed totally indifferent to the
scene. Those having a record for even tempers were first chosen, while
the unruly ones were the last to go. After the able-bodied men had
been disposed of the boys were chosen, the women and girls going last.
There were only ten white women in the crowd, and they were the
most miserable creatures, hollow-eyed, wan and sallow. They were In
for two years, most of them, and they secured fairly good masters,
according to the way things were.
For half a day this scene continued, and then the auctioneer and
bidders adjourned for dinner. After dinner, the crowd came back and
the auction was finished in an hour. Then the men were told off In
gangs, the chains adjusted and the new masters took charge of their
laborers and set off for home. The convicts will probably have an
easier time than heretofore, as the men on the east coast will take
better care of them. The turpentine camps in the western part of
Florida, where the convicts had been, were miserable, and from the
stories told by some of the men, death was a welcome release. They
were kept at work from daylight until dark In chains, and were fed
only twice daily, and then upon the cheapest and poorest food. They
will now be employed on big pineapple plantations, in orange groves
and gardens and on railroad work and canal cutting near Lake Worth.
ROBBED BY A
NIGHT CLERK
Cash and Bonds Stolen
From an Express
Office.
Valuables Intended for Trans
mission by Train Taken by
an Employe.
Among the Thinga Carried Off by the
Absconder Are Five Chicago
Gas Bonds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— The American
Express Company was robbed to-day
of $10,502, and Clark Braden Jr., a ;
trusted employe, is missing. Central
officers and private detectives are
hunting for him.
Three days ago the night manager in
charge of the office at Forty-seventh
street and Madison avenue was taken
ill, and Braden. a clerk of the company
for more than ten years, was temporar
ily substituted. This office the com
pany uses as a clearing-house for all
its matter sent or received from the
Grand Central station. Among • the
parcels to be sent out on the 6:30 train
on the Hudson River road this morning
were several containing cash to the
amount of $5582. and one containing
five $1000 Chicago gas bonds. It was
Braden's place to take, these packages
to the train, return to the office and re
main on duty until 7 o'clock.
When the day employes arrived
Braden was not in the office. The safe
was locked. There were no receipts for
valuable packages by the morning
train, although the books showed that
several such parcels had been received
at the office.
At first the absence of Braden and
the receipts were set down to careless
ness. But a few minutes later the
leather bags which had contained the
packages were found under some other
freight. They had been cut open and
the money and bonds taken.
That the robbery was hastily carried
out is shown by the fact that $25,000,
mostly in cash, was left in the safe and
that the bonds were taken.
Notices were sent to every bank and
financial institution in the country
warning them against purchasing the
stolen gas bonds.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— The Chicago po
lice were requested this evening by the
Pinkerton Detective Agency to appre
hend Clark Braden Jr., the absconding
night clerk of the American Express
Company in the New York office. In
stead of a $1,000,000 robbery, as ru
mnred at first, the loss suffered by the
express company through the clerk's
dlsappearnace, the Plnkertons allege.
$30,000. According to the statement
made by the detective agency of the
amount taken by Braden $25,000 was in
currency, including five $100 and five
$1000 gold bonds of the Consumers'
Gas Company of Chicago.
SANTA CLARA DEMOCRATS
PREPARING FOR BATTLE.
Will Take an Active Part in the First City
Election to Be Held in San Jose
Under the Mew Charter.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 6.— The Democratic
County Central Committee will meet
to-morrow afternoon and make ar-
rangements for taking an active part
in the city election to be held in April.
The election will be the first under the
new charter, and at that time a nom
inating board of fifteen is to be select
ed to fill the appointive offices which
at this time will be named by the
Mayor.
The campaign promises to wax
warm, and it is to get the local Dem
ocratic party in good working order
for the fray that the meeting was
called so early. The new primary
election law directs that certain per
sons shall be selected to serve at the
various precincts, and this and other
details will be the first attended to.
Foundered in the mediterranean.
MARSEILLES, Jan. 7.— lt is report
ed that a large steamer, as yet uniden
tified, has foundered with all hands off
Beaudoc, in the Mediterranean.
WOMAN'S AWFUL
DEATH BY FIRE
Burned to a Crisp During
Her Husband's Ab
sence.
The Roasted Remains Nearly
Devoured by Wildcats
and Coyotes.
Terrible Home-Comlng of a Colusa
Man Who Had B«en Search
ing for Work.
Bpecla! DUratch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 6.—Particu
lars of a most horrifying casualty were
brought to town to-night by Coroner
Hocking. A woman burned to death,
her ch.ild frightfully burned about the
face and from which injuries it will
die, and husband and father frantic
with grief, briefly tells the story. On
Tuesday last Paul Vetch, who with his
family resided in a small dwelling six
teen miles south of here on the Colfax
road, came to Grass Valley in an en
deavor to secure employment in one
of the mines. Being unsuccessful,
with his brother he started for home
on Wednesday afternoon, reaching
there after dark. He expected to see a
light in the house, but th»re was nono
to greet him. The husband entered the
rear door and called to his wife, but
there wai no response. Thinking she
had perhaps retired Vetch told his
brother to strike a match while he
went to the front room, but his wife
was not there. Again he called her by
name, and no answer coining he was
horrified with fear.
Running out to the back door once
again his calls met with no reply, and
then he commenced a search. After
going about fifty feet Vetch stumbled
upon his wife's Inanimate body. The
sight that met his eyes was«too awful
to describe. Every stitch of clothing
had been burned from the woman's
body, only her shoes remaining. The
lower portion of the woman's, body
had been burned to a crisp, h-r legs be
ing twisted Into peculiar shapes by
the heat. The face and head were not
badly burned, but they might as w.ll
have been, for they but furnished fond
for ravenous coyotes and oats. The
head was torn and presented a terrible
sight.
Search was next made for Vetch's
four-month-old child, which was
found in Its cradle almost naked with
Its head badly burned and chilled
through from exposure, as the woman
in rushing out of the building had
left the doors wide open. Kind
neighbors were summoned and re
vived the child, but it is doubtful if it
will live.
It is believed the woman was starting
a fire in the fireplace and in doing so
her dress caught fire, enveloping her
In flames, and that in her frantic ef
forts she probably threw a piece of the
burning dress on her baby's head. The
woman undoubtedly tried to got out
of the house by the front door, but it
being locked she escaped through the
rear door. Appearances Indicate that
she had rolled on tho ground several
times, hoping to smother the flames,
when she finally lost strength and con
sciousness and was burned to a crisp.
The Coroner's Inquest brought in a
verdict In accordance with the above
facts. Mrs. Vetch was 23 years of age
and a native of California. Her maiden
name was Annie Cook, ami shf had
been married to her husband about fif
teen months.
LIGHTSHIP 50 IS
FORMALLY ACCEPTED
Will Shortly Be Put in Commission on the
Columbia River — Steam Schooner
for Alaskan Trade.
ASTORIA, Jan. 6.— The Columbia
River lightship, No. 60, which has
been under repairs for several months,
was finished to-day and formally ac
cepted by the Government. She will
be put, in commission again as soon
as the new inspector of this district,
Captain George C. Riddle, appoints a
captain and crew for her.
M. M. Picken to-day chartered by
wire with San Francisco the steam
schooner Protection, which will arrive
here January 27 and run between As
toria and Alaska. It is understood that
this is the first of a fleet of vessels to
ply from this port In the Alaska trade.
AGED LOVERS
BOUND TO WED
Find an Obstacle in the
Law With Regard
to Divorces.
Michael McDonough Refused a
License, Mrs. Baker Tries
Her Luck.
Sonoma's County Clerk Must Show
Cause Before the Superior
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. B.— Late this
afternoon Michael McDonough, aged
70 years, walked Into the County
Clerk's office here and told Mr. Ful
ton that he wanted a license to wed
Mrs. Susie Baker, aged 63, who Is a
well-known resident of Healdsburg.
Although Mr. McDonough is quite an
old man, he looked as if he meant bus
iness, so the County Clerk began mak
ing out the document without further
ado. That official asked McDonough a
few questions as he proceeded with
the work, however, one being whether
he or Mrs. Baker had been divorced
within the past year.
Upon finding that Mrs. Baker had
been granted her freedom from her
former spouse only a few months ago,
the Clerk refused to proceed further
with his partially completed task, on
the grounds that a recent law forbids
the marriage of persons divorced with
in a year.
McDonough stormed, but the Clerk
was obdurate, whereupon the old gen
tleman left the Courthouse with blood
in his eye. About an hour later, and
Just as Judge Dougherty of the Su
perior Court was preparing to ad
journ, Mrs. Baker, accompanied by her
counsel. R. W. Miller, appeared before
the court and demanded and secured
an alternate writ of mandate direct
ing County Clerk Fulton to appear be
fore the court to-morrow morning and
show cause why he should not be com
pelled to issue the license without fur
ther loss of time.
Mrs. Baker says that as McDon
ough tried and failed to secure permis
sion for them to wed, she thought she
would Just take a hand herself.
The outcome of the case is awaited
with interest here, where the parties
are well known. McDonough Is a resi
dent of Geyserville and one of his sons
is proprietor of the Sotoyome House at
Heald.sburg. while another is a con
ductor on the Donahue Railroad.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Hilborn Introduces a Bill Granting a Pension
to the Widow of Lieutenant
Robinson.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 6.—Rep
resentative Hilborn to-day Introduced
a bill granting a pension to Cora Rob
inson, widow of Lieutenant Leonidas
K. Robinson, of the revenue cutter ser
vice, who was drowned in Alaska. The
pension askf-d is $15 a month.
The postofflce at Baden, San Mateo
county, has been changed to South
San Francisco.
By direction of the Acting Secretary
of War, Private William E. Bennett,
Company B, First Infantry, now at
Benicia Barracks, Cal., will be dis
charged the service ■of the United
States on receipt of this order by the
commanding officer of his station.
Pensions have been granted as fol
lows: California, original— Phillip Rich,
San Luis Obispo, $6. Mexican war
widows — Frances Hudson, Lakeport,
$8; Carmen L. Hert, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon, original widows, etc.— Orpha
M. Gardner, Hillsboro, $8. Mexican
war survivors, increase — James R.
Brown, Grant's Pass, $8 to $12.
G. W. Garside of Juneau, Alaska, Is
at the Riggs House.
Racing at New Qrleans.
NEW OHLKAN'S, Jan. 6.— Light rains
last night made the track a trifle slow to
diiy. In the fourth rare Ultimata fell
within ten feet of the finish, but both boy
and horse escaped injury.
Six furlongs— J. A. Gray won, David
second, Salli.' Clicquot third. Time, 1:23.
Six furlongs — Tabouret won, Wilson sec
ond, Eitholin third. Time. 1:16&
One mll«- and a quarter, over five
hurdles — Brakeman won, Repeater sec
ond, /.aldivar third. Time, 2:21%.
Selling, one mile and one-sixteenth — Sis
ter Stella won. Viscount second, Sister
Clara third. Time, I:sl**.
Seven and one-half furlongs, selling:— •
Dr. Sheppard won. Sea Robber second,
Albert S. third. Time, 1:37.
NEW TO-DAY.
mj, M man cannot ran
£BZ3*T*v£toE9P^snßSß&&i^^ away from Dtatn.
HMQBra^*^j**J^lf?' <lueT it he must
fWJ&^^^^VpPCt^ stand and fight
fljßlff w > TT^ o f common sense
' f V*S/'s k^' \ women try to es- '
•?X active agent, con- 1
sumption, by running away. They flee
from one climate to another, and from one
end of the world to the other, forgetting
their demon is within them and not to be
• escaped from by a change of locality. Con-
sumption has been pronounced incurable.
It is not. It is curable and without change
of climate If the proper remedy is resorted
to, in reasonable time.
98 per cent, of all cases of consumption
are cured by Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. It goes to the seat of the troub-
le. ' It cures all disorders of the digestion.
It makes the appetite keen and the assimi-
lation of the food perfect. It fills the bloo<
with life-giving elements. It is the great
blood-purifier, flesh-builder, and nerve-in-
vigorator. It acts directly on the lungs. It
not only cures consumption, but all other
wasting diseases due to improper nourish-
ment. All good druggist sell it.
" I have used one bottle of your ' Golden Med-
leal Discovery ' and am now on the second one,"
writes Amanda E. Blankenship, of Templeton,
Dyer Co., Term. 'I am pleased to say that I
have received more benefit from it than from all
the medicine I hare taken from our home doctors
in the last twelve months."
Whoever weald like a complete medical
! library in compact form should send for Dr.
! Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
! This is a book; of 1.008 pages, illustrated
1 with more than 300 drawings and colored
! plates. Dr. Pierce is one of the best known
I medical men in the United States. The
best of what he knows is "boiled down " in
I this book. He talks to you in plain En-
glish of all the sickness you ever heard of.
Several chapters relate to the physiology of
woman's reproductive organs. This book,
until recently, sold for $1.50. I At this price
650,000 copies were sold. Now ■an enor-
mous edition in paper covers is to be distrib-
uted absolutely free. Send 21 one-cent
I stamps to the World's Dispensary Medical
1 Association, Buffalo, N. V., to pay the cost
I of mailing only. If a copy in fine French
I cloth with embossed covers is desired, send
I 10 cents extra 3l cents in all.
_ • NEW TO-DAY.
THESE
EHVnii 11 MmHi
o
Jjyir for \ftu.\!ULk^
The last time we gave these Brownie Lunch Boxes away it
gave the little folks of this city so much delight, so much pleasure,
that we have concluded to give them with every purchase Friday
and Saturday on our second floor.
SAY aUrEVOIR V ~~
Bidding adieu to our finest — we've been engaged all
week doing this.
The finest of Winter Reefers, the finest of those Golf
Capes, the finest of our Middy Suits, the finest of our
Top Coats.
To part company with winter goods we have
adopted but one method, and that's half price. That
you know to be a fact. We only advertise facts. We
haven't room for a line that's otherwise.
LONG,
WARM
ULSTERS.
We have taken all of 'cm —
they were $6 and $7.
The handsomest of Cheviots,
The handsomest of Tweeds,
The handsomest of Cassimeres
Beautiful colorings, extra
long, for boys up to 16 years of
age.
Irrespective of former price,
they'll be offered to you now at
$3.95.
And, of course, irith it he gets
one of thoso Brownie Lunch
Baskets.
We've Gathered Together
All of our popular lines where
they have sold down to a few of
a kind, in those sweet little
Middy Suits, with little vest,
deep sailor collar, with little
bow and buckle at the knee;
sweet styles for little folks be-
tween the ages of 3 and 7 ; they
have sold all the way up to $£
an d $4- 50.
They're gathered together and
made one lot of, and for pick we
say
$1.95.
And, of course, with it he gets
one of those Brownie Lunch
Baskets.
The Star.
The stnr of star offer*. This has included
our prettiest of Reefer Suits in all-wool fab-
i ricr, with drep sailor collar, collar hand;-
; somely braided, little buckle and bow at the
i knee, for little folks between the ages of Sand
8; the colorings are pretty, decidedly choice,
representing values up to $% and $4 50.
The pick of any of 'em ut
S/.90.
And, of course, with it he gets one of those
Brounie Lunch Baskets.
-13-15 KEARIW
WE'RE DEVOTING AN ENTIRE FLOOR TO KLONDIKE OUTFITS.
FIRST OF ALL
£%& The balance of
fit^^ our sw el lest
-rft^W $12. $11 and
J 181 * 10 Winter
j£a fgfß Reefers, the
MM pSgigl beauties of our
&$ || Bsßbm winter stock, in
JjgL |g_ aMU fact the cream
fpp^r' f" / °f it> they're
1 OUR NEXT
Our next con-
sists of our Golf
Capes in those fine tan covert
cloths, with their plaid lining ;
hood lined with plaid cloth.
These were $12, and they're the
swell thing ev?<r seen in this
country. These you can now
have at
&6.50.
And, of course, with it he gets
one of those Brownie Lunch
Baskets.
A big lot of School Suits for
boys between the ages of 8 and
IJ}.; small lines, good, durable
fabrics; all they suffer from
is that they're sold down
to a few of a kind. We have
bunched 'em, together and say
for pick
$1.35.
And, of course, with it he gets
one of those Brownie Lunch
Baske
Sailors Turned
Loose.
GOING |S»S\\ V
j noWM L )' \
We turn loose a lot of Sailor a\
styles that have sold up to J?,£;
pretty affairs in blue; quite a
cunning and cute costume ; be-
coming to all boys.
These at
$1.65.
And, of course, with it he gets
one of those Brownie Lunch
Baskets. * :...{
34
TALK IN THE HOUSE-BILLS IN THE SENATE.
GROSVENOR
EXCORIATES
CARL SCHURZ
Redhot Criticism of
a Civil Service
Reformer.
Declared a Political Leper
and a Traitor to All
Parties.
Assaults on the Present Law
Are Continued in the
House.
JOHNSON TO THE DEFENSE
Th« Indian* Statesman Protests
Against the Policy of Pursuing
tha Spoils System.
Bp«cial Dlipatch to The Call.
, WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— The friends
and enemies of the Civil Service law
exchanged broadsides in the House
to-day. The heaviest guns on each
Bide were brought into action. Grosve
nor of Ohio and Johnson of Indiana
each made exhaustive speeches and
kept their respective sides in a con
stant furor. The interest in the de
bate was much more lively than yes
terday. The crowded galleries, which
were plainly in sympathy with the op
position to the law, became so very
noisy in their demonstrations of ap
proval at one juncture that the Chair
was compelled to call them to order.
Johnson was warmly sustained by the
friends of the law on the floor, but he
got very little applause from the gal
leries. Lloyd of Missouri was the only
other speaker. He favored the repeal
of the law.
Grosvenor of Ohio took the floor with
an elaborate speech in opposition to
the law. Grosvenor disclaimed any
leadership of the anti-civil service re
form forces and any purpose to speak
for any officer of the Government, ex
ecutive, legislative or judicial.
"All efforts to entangle me in a col
lision with the President," said he,
"are as so much powder wasted. If I
believed that my relations to the Exec
utive would be changed or modified be
cause I differ from him in any repara
tive capacity, I would despise him as
he would despise me if I faltered in my
convictions."
Grosvenor said he had watched with
admiration the President's public ca
reer, and one of his most prominent
characteristics had always been that
he not only did not demand subserv
iency, but despised a man who sought
fuvors by sycopancy.
Grosvenor then proceeded to pay his
respects to the National Civil Service
Reform League and to Carl Schurz, its
president. - His excoriation of the lat
ter was the most scathing that has
been heard on the floor of the House in
months. He denounced unsparingly
those who sought to read out of the
Republican party those who believed in
the civil service law. He sketched the
political life of Mr. Schurz, which he
characterized as "the checkered,
spotted, leprous career of one who be
trayed every party and every duty to
which he was bound, and whose be
trayal should be his only stock in trade
In the arena of politics."
He traced Mr. Schurz' political his
tory, and defied any one to name a
point in the trail which was not tainted
■with political corruption. Yet, he said,
this was the man who, with other
"political demagogues" at Cincinnati,
under the name of the "National Civil
Service League," had denounced him
and those who thought with him on
this question. He read the resolutions
adopted at the Cincinnati meeting,
branding them as infamous beyond de
scription.
Grosvenors description of the habits
of the "cuckoo" teemed with wit and
kept the House In a roar. Grosvenor,
in replying to the charge made against
himself and his colleagues that they
■were betraying the Republican party,
adverted to what he called the list of
traitors among the high priests of civil
service reform, at the head of which
he placed George William Curtis, who
abandoned the Republican party fn
1884. He reviewed the platform declar
ations of the Republican party to show
that the present position occupied by
the majority of the House was not in
consistent with these declarations.
"For I give the members of the civil |
service committee notice," said he, j
"that we have a majority on this floor, i
and you cannot strangle a majority in
the American Congress." (Applause.) |
He argued that when the St. Louis
platform was adopted the extensions
contained in the Cleveland order of
May, 1S!)O, had not been understood. It
was not until November, Ifc96, that the j
enormous scope of that order covering '■
46.000 officials, was publicly declared.
The Republicans coming into power on
a platform adopted by these vast ex
tensions were not in honor bound to
agree to them and it was proper thf.t
the President rhnuld announce in his
message to Congress that there were
portions of these orders which never
ought to have been made.
Grosvenor discussed the practical ef
fect of the law and the examinations
of the committee, giving many tit tut- '
trations of applicants who, throi*?h j
years of service, had proved their abil
ity, but who failed to answer questions
asked.
One of Grosvenor's statements which
evoked an enthusiastic outburst from
the galleries was in the nature of a
warning that if members refused to
listen to the voice of the people in
hostility to this law they would not
be members of the Fifty-sixth House
of Representatives. He argued that
the people were overwhelmingly op
posed to the law and said that hun
dreds of thousands of Republicans felt
a secret sympathy with Mayor Van
Wyck of New York, who announced
that none but Democrats would be ap
pointed to office under the new city
government. Governor Black said a
few days ago, when "the late lament
ed" Republican government came into
power, there were 15,000 Tammany men
in office and when it expired there
were still 16,000 Tammany .men on the
pay roll. The Republicans. Grosvenor
said, had been justly punished for
keeping these enemies In their camps.
Grosvenor professed his adherence to
the people of the merit system and
theory of examinations for office with
in certain limitations.
"But," he exclaimed In conclusion,
addressing the defenders of the law,
"I want to serve notice on you that
unless yc-u join us in the correction
of the abuses and the reformation of
the law, we will join any portion
of the community — legislative, execu
tive or judicial — and destroy the law,
root and branch." (Uproarious ap
plause in the galleries.)
Johnson (R.) of Indiana, one of the
ardent defenders of the law, followed
Grosvpnor with an extended argument
in support of the merit system. He
took occasion to review the history of
the civil service, pointing out that pre
vious to the time of Jackson the spoils
system did not exist. Men were ap
pointed to ofHce for fitness, yet never
was party feeling stronger than then.
In England, where the merit system
prevailed, party spirit was most vip
orous. It was absurd, he contended,
to say that party spirit must be fed
upon the bribe of office. He repudiated
the statement? of the adversaries of
the law that Lincoln and Grant be
lieved in the spoils system.
In his review of the records of emi
nent men on this subject. Johnson be
came involved in a controversy with
his colleague. Landis (R.) of Indiana,
and during the cross-firing the galler
ies became so chstreperous In thoir ap
proval of the position of the latter that
the chair was obliged to suspend the
debate and admonish the spectators
that such demonstrations must cease.
In enumerating the evils of the spoils
system, Johnson said it made cowards
of legislators, stormed the White
House, Interfered with the depart
ments, stretched into the Capitol and
shaped legislation; it exaltod the of
fice broker and attacked, villified and
<'alumniat^<l the conscientious man.
Words, he declared, could not do jus
tice to the infamy of this prolific evil,
which had debauched the civil service.
It seemed incredible to him that men
could dare advocate a return of this
saturnalia. The talk of a civil pension,
he said, was a bugaboo designed to
frighten the defenders of the merit sys
tem. A proposition for a civil pension
could not command half a dozen votes
in either he-use or secure the executive
approval.
Speaking to the Republican side of
the House, he told his colleagues that
the merit system was a Republican
child. While George H. Pendleton was
its author in inception, it was a Re
publican measure. Every Republican
Senator and all except seven Republi
can members of the House voted for it.
It has been indorsed by State and na
tional conventions. Pities and States
were adopting it. The American peo
ple were behind it.
Johnson attributed the present "dis
cordant and disgraceful scene" now be
ing enacted in Ohio, with its "visions
of senatorships going glimmering." to
the scramble for spoils. State and na
tional, and said that the surest way to
put Bryan and his black banner in the
White House in 1900 would be for the
Republican party to be recreant to Its
trust and slap in the fare those who
believed in honestly conducted service.
Without desiring in any way to re
flect upon the present occupant of the
White House, Johnson said he was con
vinced that there could be no genuine
civil service reform until by constitu
tional amendment the President was
made Ineligible for re-election. As
long as he was eligible for re-election
he must necessarily be more or less
under the domination of machine poli
tics. After expressing his confidence
in President McKinley Johnson con
cluded with an eloquent appeal to him
to stand by the principle upon the per
petuity of which the permanence of our
institutions depended.
Johnson was given an enthusiastic
demonstration of approval when he
concluded.
Lloyd (D.) of Missouri followed in
opposition to the law, which, he ar
gued, was an attempt to establish an
; aristocratic Government by establish
ing an office holding class.
At 4:50 p. m. the House adjourned.
LANDS IN YOSEMITE PARK.
Bills Relating to the Acquirement by the
Government of Private Claims.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.—Representa
tive de Vries to-day Introduced bills
in the House affecting the question of
acquiring title by the Government to
private land claims within the boun
daries of the Yosemite National Park.
The first provides that upon the owner
granting this property to the Govern
ment the Secretary of the Interior shall
issue therefore "lieu scrip certificates "
which will entitle the holder to locate
a similar number of acres in any other
part of the unsettled public domain.
This is similar to the provision already
made in the case of forest reserves,
and was drawn by De Vrles (as were
other bills) after consultation with the
Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The second bill provides that upon
the owner granting his property to the
Government he shall receive therefor
the moneys paid the general Govern
ment in acquiring title to the prop
erty, the taxes already paid and the
reasonable value of his improvements
The enforcement of these bills is to be
effected through rules and regulations
to be prescribed by the Interior De
partment. Their provisions are op
tional with the owner, but he must
avail himself of the provisions within
a given time.
BITTENGER BLACKBALLED
BY A SWELL SOCIAL CLUB.
Residents of Montreal Take Exception to the
Consul-General's Utterances About Plots
of French Canadians.
MONTREAL, Jan. 6.— United States
, Consul-General Bittenger was black
! balled to-night by the St. James Club,
a leading social organization of the
city, which has among its members th~
present and past governors-general of
Canada and other prominent Canadi
j ans. It is said that fifty blackballs
were cast against Mr. Bittenger.
Colonel Knapp of New York and W.
A. Anderson of Wisconsin, former
Consuls-General, were esteemed mem
bers of the club. Mr. Blttenger*t3 oV
feat was undoubtedly brought about
! by an article published in <"hi<ag<> a
| week apo last Sunday and r.-fdih'ishod
by local newspapers. In it Mr. Bitien
ger was quoted as saying the Fnnch-
Canadian citizens of Quebec were
forming secret societies and arranging
for an outbreak, looking to the lnde
: pondence of Canada. When Mr. Bit
j tenger was first mentioned for consul
i general his political opponents in Mis
souri flooded the newspapers here with
articles derogatory to his character.
ST. HELENA POISONING CASE.
ST. HELENA. Jan. 6.— This commun
ity is in a high state of excitement over
an alleged poisoning case. On several
occasions during the past two weeks
W. A. Clark, a section laborer, has no
ticed a bitter taste in the cold coffee
which he drinks at lunch. He finally
had Rome of It analyzed and discovered
that it contained five grains of strych
nine — enough to wipe out the entire
section fore. The alleged attempted
poisoning has occurred so often that
the authorities have been notified and
it is said that a clue is being followed.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
MEASURES
PASSED IN
THE SENATE
Bills of Importance
Disposed of in
Short Order.
One Provides for a Con
gress of the Five Civi
lized Tribes.
Steps Also Taken to Protect the
Insignia of the Red
Cross Society.
NOMINATIONS HELD UP.
Certain Indlnn Agency Appointments
Not Satisfaotory Bsoause of "Home
Rule" Reasons.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office. Riggß House,
Washington, Jan. 6.
While the Senate was in session two
hours to-day, practically no business
was transacted beyond the passage of
a few bills. Among the measures which
received favorable consideration were
the bills providing for a congress of
the representatives of the Indian tribes
of the United States, to be held at
Omaha during the progress of the In
ternational Exposition this year; bills
providing for the erection of public
buildings at Fergus Falls, Minn., and
Newport News, Va., and a measure to
protect the name and insignia of the
Red Cross Society.
Allen of Nebraska called up and the
Senate passed the bill providing for
the holding of a congress of the rep
resentatives of different Indian tribes
of the United States at Omaha in 1898,
and appropriating $45,000 therefor.
Some minor amendments to the bill
were adopted.
A bill appropriating $175,000 for a
public building at Fergus Falls, Minn.,
was passed.
The bill to protect the name and In
sipnia of the Red Cro9s was passed,
Mr. Gray of Delaware explaining that
Miss Clara Barton several years ago
asked that the insignia of the Red
Cross Society be protected from those
who would use it for commercial or
perhaps fraudulent purposes. Under
treaty entered into by a majority of
the civilized nations of the world, the
sign (•€ the Red Cross is known as an
insignia of hospital corps or charitable
organizations. Other nations had pro
tected the insignia of the society, and
the United States ought also to pro
tect it.
After some routine business, the Sen
ate, on motion of Mr. Gray, went into
executive session.
After a brief executive session, dur
ing which some consuls were confirm
ed, the Senate adjourned.
In the executive session Senator Pet
tigrew, chairman of tho committee on
Indian affairs, made an adverse re
port for "home rule" reasons, upon the
nominations of the following named
persons to be Indian agents: Charles
McNichols, at Colorado river agency,
Cal.; Edward El berg, at Quapaw, 1.T. ;
Charles G. Keyse, at Fort Apache,
Ariz., and Fred B. Spriggs, at Nevada
agency. New
SENT WOMEN AND
TREASURE FROM OMDURAM.
Preliminary Steps Taken by the Khalifa
Before Beginning Hostilities Against
the British.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— The Marseillos
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says: "I learn that a week ago the
Khalifa sent his women and treasure
from Omduram (on the Nile, opposite
Khartoum) to the south, and that
he then proceeded twenty mfloß north
ward to Kerreri, where the Dervish
force is assembled.
As he possessed no safe means of
advancing against Berber, the ex
treme point of the British advance, Jt
Is believed he intends to operate against
our lines from the west bank of the
Nile."
Convicted of Murder in the Second Degree.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— The Jury in
the case of Patrick Savage, on trial for
the killing of William Roche at San
Pedro on October 6, lfW7, this evening
returned a verdict of murder in the
second degree. Savajre will be sen
tenced Monday morning.
NEW OFFICERS AT THE HELM.
Associated Improvement Clubs to
Contir)ue Tljcir Mission.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Associated Improvement Cluba was
held Wednesday night, and the newly
elected officers were installed. They
are: President, John H. Grady; first
vice-president, William Metr.ner; sec
ond vice-president, D. .T. O'Leary; re
cording secretary, Leon Samuejs; cor
responding secretary, J. G. Malone;
treasurer. Edwin L. Head, and P. 11.
Cfthill, sergeant-at-arms. By an unani
mous vote of the association George U.
Fletcher, the retiring president, wo*
made a life member of the association
with a vote of thanks thrown in for the
interest he had taken in the formation
of the association and through his un
tiring exertions made it a decided suc
cess.
A committee was appointed to revise
the constitution, changing that portion
which makes the payment of dues
chargeable to the subordinate clubs to
the members direct at the rate of 25
cents per month.
The proposed amendments will be
acted upon at the next meeting of the
clubs.
Carpenters' District Council.
The old Carpenters* District Council
adjourned sine die Wednesday night. The
new delegates took hold of the ropes and
elected officers for the ensuing year. The
officers elected were: Joseph E. Lee,
president ■ John Rungey, vice-president:
C. W. Page, recording and financial
secretary; Theo F. Wtcke. treasurer; H
Ansonla, warder. Only two of the old
delegates were returned.
SCHOOL FUNDS
APPORTIONED
Amount Allowed to the
Various Counties in
the State.
Just $3.97 the Sum Set Aside
for Each Census
Child.
Figures Upon Which the Superin
tendent of Public Instruction
Has Acted.
Bp*clal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.—Superin
tendent of Public Instruction S. T.
Black has made an apportionment of
State school moneys to the several
counties. The total number of census
children is 340,952, and the amount ap
portioned is 52,035,483 44. equal to $5 97
for each child eligible to attend the
public schools. The county apportion
ment is as follows:
■ Census Amount
- Counties— Children. Apportioned.
A ameda 29,710 i 177,36$ 70
Alpine 89 63133
Airador 2.920 N 17.432 40
v , tte 4.283 25.569 51
Calaveras 2.515 16,805 55
Colusa 2.172 12.966 84
Contra Coeta 3.SIS 22.763 «i
Del Nnrto 653 3,331 26
El Dorado 5.232 13.825 04
Fresno 7.636 45.586 92
Glenn 1.335 7.969 93
Humboldt 6.601 89.407 97
}?>'" 979 6.844 «3
*■""» 8,090 18,447 30
Xin *3 2,206 13,16$ 82
Lake 1.723 10,286 31
lessen I.OSS 6.495 36
l*os Angeles 40,254 240.316 M
Madera 1.470 8,775 90
Marln 2.799 710 03
Marlposa 1,119 8.650 43
Mendoclno 6.012 29,?21'64
Merced 2.059 12.232 23
Modoc 1.352 8.250 54
Mono ..'. 374 • 2.232 7$
Monterey 6.350 81,939 60
Nap* , 3,640 21.730 M
Nevada 4.112 24,548 64
Orange 6.197 31.026 M
Placer 3.34S 19.957 66
Plumas 977 6.832 M
Riverside 4.524 27.008 2S
Sacramento 8.568 51.091 26
San Itonlto 2.032 12,131 0»
Ran Bernardino 6.405 88.237 85
San Diego 8.477 50.607 69
San Francisco 74,810 446,794 80
San Joaquln 7,651 . 45,676 47
San Luis Oblspo 6.453 . 82.739 33
Pan Mnteo 2.561 17.050 17
Santa Barbara 4.927 ■ 29.414 19
Santa Clara 13.714 81.872 58
Santa Cruz E. 591 33.378 27
Shasta 8,868 23.03196
Sierra 847 5.056 59
BUkljron 3,413 M.171 61
Solano - 4.«."9 27.814 23
Sonoma 9.M7 64,010 -.9
Stanislaus 2,373 14,166 gl
gutter 1.333 7.95S 01
To ha ma 2,693 ' 16.07124
Trinity 733 4.405 86
Tulare 6.3>>1 -32.124 57
Tuolumne 1.790 M.M 30
Ventura 3.855 23.193 45
Yolo 3.413 20.373 61
Yuba 2.101 12.542 97
Totals 340,952 $2,035, 44
The apportionment is based on the
following report from State Controller
Colgan:
The money in the State treasury be
longing to the State School fund, subject
to apportionment, is $2,036,919 23, as fol
lows : ,' ■
Amount unapportloned, July 5. 1597,
$846 96: received from property tax. $1,617.
799 04; received from poll tax, $237,670 74;
received from Interest on bonds, $64,318 68;
received from interest on lands. $24,010 48;
received from tax on railroads, $50,141; re
ceived from tax on collateral inheri
tances, $52,99S 16; received from sales geo
graphical survey reports, $14. Total, $2,
037,793 56.
Less amount paid on restitution of
interest on lands sold not the property
of the State, $."7."i 02; less amount paid on
annulment certificates of purchase,
$304 Sl— sS79 S3; net amount subject to ap
portionment, $2,036,919 23.
DEFENDS TRUTHS
OF THE BIBLE
Grand Master Mason of New
York Dissolves the Peru
Lodge.
An Edict Removing Bibles from Ma
sonic Altars Overruled by
the Chief.
Special ninKitch to The Call.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Jan. B.— Right
Worshipful William A. Sutherland,
grand master Mason of New York
State, Issued a general edict to-day,
directed to tho masters of all the Ma
sonic lodges In the State. He dis
solves all relation with the Grand
Lodge of Peru on the ground that the
latt>-r body has, to use the word of the
official document, "committed Masonic
suicide and vsmished from existence."
He says:
"I am this day furnished with a
printed copy of an edict issued by
Christian Dam, grand secretary,
wherein the said Christian Dam, as
grand master of Masons In Peru, re
cites to those under his Jurisdiction
that according to Catholicism the Bi
ble is a sacred book in which the re
vealcl word is deposited, and as such
cannot he freely examined and criti
cised; that the Bible cannot be con
sidered as a foundation of scientific
knowledge or history nor as a basis of
morality, and he does 'decree that on
all Masonic altars the Bible shall be
removed and replaced by the constitu
tion of the order of Free Masonry, and
that in all our rituals the word •Bible'
shall be stricken out and the words
'th« constitution of the Grand Lodge
of Peru' be put In its place.
"The body, which was the Grand
Lodge of Peru, has attempted to ac
complish that which it is not within
thf jinwor of any man or body of men
to do. In laying violent and profane
hands upon a groat light in Masonry,
it has attempted to change the plan
and very groundwork of the institu
tion. That the Bible Is a book contain
ing Bacred truth is one of the funda
mental truths of Free Masonry. How
r men differ in creed or theology,
all good men are agreed that within
the covers of the Bible are found those
principles of morality which are the
foundation upon which to build a right
eous life."
PENSIONERS WHO GET OVER
FORTY-FIVE DOLLARS A MONTH.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— The Sun makes
public this morning the names, rates of
pension and addresses of all pensioners
in receipt of more than $46 per month
from the treasury. The names of the
pensioners occupy nearly fifteen col
umns. Yet they number only 3568 In
all. They constitute but little over one
third of one per cent of the gigantic
total of 976.014. The annual expendi
ture represented by this fragment of
the list is less than $2,900,000. that is to
say, about one -forty -seventh of Uw to
tal annual expenditure.
LIFE TERM FOR
BURGLAR ROUP
Pleads Guilty in Napa's
Court and Begs for
Mercy.
Tells of His Antecedents and
How He Became a
Criminal.
Judge Ham Unmoved by Promises
to Reform— The Sentence Staggers
the Prisoner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 6.— ln the Superior Court
this morning at 10 o'clock James Roup,
the burglar, was sentenced to life im
prisonment in the San Quentin peni
tentiary. Roup, accompanied by his
attorney, John T. York, appeared in
court at the appointed hour. Being
called upon to enter his plea, the pris
oner pleaded guilty and made the fol
lowing statement:
"I Mas born in Philadelphia in 1850.
I am not a criminal at heart. I didn't
come here for the purpose of burglary.
I was broke and tried to secure work.
Failing to find any, I made up my
mind to commit a burglary and with
the money secured from the sale of the
stolen goods get out of the State.
Ever since my discharge from prison
I have been hounded and treated like
a dog.
"I readily admit that I am guilty of
thiß burglary, also that I served two
previous sentences— once from Santa
Clara County, for burglary in the first
degree, January 23, 1886, and from Sa
linas, March 24. 1890, for grand larceny.
The names I gave respectively at these
times were Charles Parker and Fred
erick Hamilton. My true name I de
clare to be James Roup. I was arrest
ed both at San Jose and Oakland for
burglary, but in each case was inno
cent and acquitted. I spent on these
two cases just $105. I am not a bad
man, and humbly I ask for leniency
fmm the court."
John T. York, attorney for the ac
cused, then arose, and after a review
of the case asked the mercy of the
court.
Judge Ham was silent for a moment
and then he commanded the prisoner
to stand up. He administered a short
but severe rebuke and ordered the de
fendant confined in the prison at San
Quentin for the term of his natural
life.
The sentence was surprising to the
defendant, who had stated that he
would become a better man after serv
ing a few years In prison. Three or
four years was all tha* he had looked
for, but previous convictions enabled
the Judge to Impose the sentence that
he did.
Sheriff McKenzie started with Roup
for San Quentin this afternoon. At
the depot in Xapa a representative of
The Call questioned Roup, who ap
peared quite angry.
"I will say that it Is my purpose to
behave well in prison," said Roup.
"But what difference does it make
whether I do or not. I am In for life,
ain't I? Your infernal paper caused
the life imprisonment I now get. That
picture you published settled my hash.
I feel no kindliness for The Call. Let
me alone, please; I am done for."
The San Joaquin authorities are no
doubt contented with the punishment
given Roup in this county. He could
not have been given more had he been
taken to Stockton.
FARMERS' HEARTS
ARE MADE GLAD
Never Was Rain More Welcome
in All Portions of the
State.
Old-Timers Were Predicting Another
Drought, but Now They Feel
More Hopeful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Jan. 6.— At last the much
looked-for rain has come. It began
this evening at 6 o'clock and up to 11
o'clock there was a steady downpour,
which promises to continue during the
night. Never was rain welcomed more
by the Fresno county farmers. The
season so far has been an unusually
dry one, and the farmers were begin
ning to feel very much discouraged.
They had planned to sow large acre
ages, much more than in former years,
because of the high prices prevailing.
Old-timers were predicting a dry year,
such as was experienced in the early
seventies. They say that the weather
up to the first of the year has been
identical with that of those* seasons
of the drought. The present rain Is
making the farmers feel jubilant, and
while it is late it still gives a good
prospect for next summer's harvest.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— The long-con
tinued cold, dry weather has given
place to a warmer temperature and
this forenoon rain began to fall and
continues. All appearances indicate a
continuance.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 6.— Rain has
been falling all day in light showers,
which will prove beneficial.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 6.— The farmers
of Sonoma County are feeling good to
day as a result of the fine rain that
came last night. Rain set In about 10
o'clock and continued until near .day
light. The rainfall for the storm Is a
quarter of an inch and for the Reason
seven and a half Inches. The rainfall
up to the same time last year was
thirteen and a half inches.
WOODLAND. Jan. 6.— Light showers
fell to-day, but the wind Is not favor
able now and a good rain is not ex
pected at present.
HOLLISTER, Jan. 6.— A rainstorm
started this evening in good earnest,
and there is every indication that it
will continue all night.
MILTON. Jan. 6.— Rain has been
falling steadily for several hours, with
indications favorable for its continu
ance during the night. The visitation
is most timely and of great value to
the country.
HANFORD. Jan. 6.— Rain com
menced falling here at 6 o'clock this
afternoon and as the sky is black with
clouds a good shower is anticipated.
This is a blessing to the farmers here
about, as so far this winter very little
rain has fallen and a dry year was
feared.
SPAIN IS WEARY
OF THE FIGHT
Willing Now to Consent
to American Medi
ation.
Will Treat for the Independence
of Cuba on Monetary
Grounds.
It Is Said Secret Negotiations Have
Already Been Begun to
This End.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 6.— A special to the
Tribune from Washington says: Spain
is considering a formal request to the
United States to use its good offices to
stop the fighting in Cuba,
Intimations have been received at the
State Department that the Sagasta
Government has become convinced that
the only way to save Cuba is to ac
cept the often proffered good offices of
the United States. Canovas repeatedly
replied to President Cleveland declining
these good offices, and Sagasta did the
same last November. Now the Prime
Minister has become completely dis
heartened over the evident failure of
autonomy. All the efforts of Spain to
bribe the subordinates of Gomez to sur
render on the basis of home rule have
proven futile. Blanco has completely
failed in his efforts to open up commu
nication with the insurgents, and Pan
do has likewise been defeated in the
field. The Spanish Minister now feels
that the only thing left is to accept the
good offices of Uncle Sam in spite of
the humiliation involved.
They hesitate only because they feel
that a public announcement of this
fact would result in a revolution in
Spain. Secret negotiations with the
State Department are now actually in
progress. The Spanish Government
has lost the confidence of the loyalists
in Cuba, and it recognizes the fact that
the island itself is lost entirely unless
the country will at this late day nego
tiate with the insurgents for some
basis of peace. The Spanish propose
that the United States should offer
to t'ne insurgents an actual armistice
pending negotiations for peace on the
basis of American guarantees of the
integrity of home rule, or even of in
dependence on a monetary considera
tion.
While no such formal proposition has
been made by Minister Do Lome, the
State Department has been given to
understand that only the fear of revo
lution in Spain stands in the way now
of accenting the friendly offices of the
United States which have been rejected
so often.
It has been intimated that if this
country sees fit on its own motion to
open up communication with the in
surgents Spain will not throw any ob
jections in the way. Any such move
would be a practical recognition of the
insurgents rb belligerents, but things
have reached such a crisis in Cuba that
even this contingency must be faced.
It is understood that the Cuban re
public will insist on formal recognition
before undertaking any negotiations
with the United States, claiming that
it cannot treat with a power which re
gards it only as an organized conspir
acy of riot and piracy. The situation
is critical in Cuba, and the frequent
visits of the Spanish Minister to the
State Department are sufficient indi
cation that the Spanish empire in Cuba
is almost at an end.
Officials here are inclined tn the be
lief that the public announcement of
the acceptance of this country as a
mediator will result in instant revolu
tion in Spain, but they admit it is the
last hope, and is being seriously con
sidered.
NEW CATHOLIC SCHOOL FOR FRESNO.
Handsome Property Bought by Sisters of
the Holy Cross.
FRESNO, Jan. 6.— The Sisters of the
Holy Cross who conduct the St. Augus
tine Academy in this city have pur
chased the handsome residence prop
erty of William M. Williams at the
corner of R and Mariposa streets for
the purpose of establishing the Catholic
school there. The deal was consum
mated to-day. The area of the ground
is 150 by 150 feet.
The thirteen-room residence will be
used as the dormitory and a commo
dious school building will be erected
adjoining. The academy is at present
occupying a two-story frame structure
next to the Catholic cnurch, but the
school has grown so that the present
quarters are much too small. Last
summer the Catholics purchased prop
erty on N street, and just after the
buildings had been erected they were
destroyed by fire.
GRIFFITH IS FOUND GUILTY.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 6.— Shortly be
fore midnight to-ntgtlt the jury in the
case of The People vs. W. G. Griffith
who has been tried for the last two
weeks upon a Grand Jury indictment
for obtaining, under false pretenses a
$400 promissory note from C. li Petray
of Healdsburg, found Griffith guilty as
charged. Griffith is a well- known
land-owner, having large interests at
Fresno and San Jose. It was ch&nred
that he had represented himself as th »
owner of a farm n^ar Healdsburg that
he had rented the property to Pet re
taking In payment for the rent Pet
rny'P promissory note for $400 Potnv
alleged that Griffith waa not the owner
of the property and that the note had
hern fraudulently obtained.
NEW TO-DAY.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years: or if you
have Shrunken Organs. Lame Back, Va-
ricocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains,
etc.. you should waste no time, but con-
sult this Great Specialist; he speedily
and permanently cures all diseases of
Men and Women. Call on or write him to-
day. He can cure you. Valuable Book
sent Free. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
REGARDED AS
ONLY A MYTH
That Greater Republic*
Scheme Is Not Very
Popular.
Merely an Alliance of Three
Presidents to Keep Them
selves in Power.
However, Great Enmity Is Said to
Bxist Between the Central
American Nations.
Copyright, IS9B, by James Qordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Jan. 6.— 1 have inter
viewed a prominent Central -American
statesman, who recently arrived here
from Salvador, as to the situation in
that repu-blic, and asked for his opin
ion as to the recent dispatch from
Washington to the effect that the fall
of the Greater Republic of Central
America would not be unwelcome to
McKlnley's administration. He told me
that a positive statement from Wash
ington that the Greater Republic is
distasteful to the United States would
have the effect of weakening the unicn'
Central Americans, he said, are now
convinced that he republic is nothing
less than a myth; that it is merely an
alliance of President Zelaya, Bonllla
and Guiterrez of Nicaragua, Honduras
and Salvador, respectively, to keep
themselves in power. This alliance, he
further stated, was made despite the
fact that the three Presidents are at
swords' points and that the greatest
enmity exists between the three re
publics. My informant stated further
that it is a matter of surprise that a
revolution has not broken out In Sal
vador. It is no secret that for six or
seven months the opposition to Guiter
rez has been actively at work prepar
ing plans to overthrow the President,
owing to his maladministration.
LIEUTENANT LEFEVRE'S
SENTENCE APPROVED.
But the Navy Department Thinks the Punish
ment Is Not Adequate for the
Offense.
' WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. — Acting
Secretary Roosevelt has acted upon
the proceedings of the court-martial
which at Mare Island found Lieuten
ant Frederick F. Lefevre, executive of
ficer of the Wheeling, guilty of drunk
enness on duty, but acquitted him of
the charge of scandalous conduct. The
sentence of the court was that he lose
four numbers on the list of lieutnants.
This was approved by the department,
with the comment that the sentence
appeared to be inadequate for the of
fense.
Consular Appointments Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomi
nations: To be United States con
suls: Edward D. Winslow of Illinois,
at Stockholm, Sweeten; Michael J.
Burke of Illinois, at Port Stanley, and
St. Thomas, Canada; Louis H. Ayme
of Illinois, at Guadaloupe, West Indies;
J. N. MiGunn of Wisconsin, at Dum
ferline, Scotland; George H. Moulton
of Colorado, at Demarara, British
Guiana; C. W. Merriman of Wisconsin,
at Brockville, Ont.; Daniel E. McGin
ley of Wisconsin, at Athens, Greece.
NEW TO-DAY.
Df)|gß"f Let WHISKY get the BEST
ilil § of you. GET the BEST of
MUll I WHISKY, which is the
ggg^ Genuine Distiller/
T |f| P ' Bottling of
"s*!s OLD PEPPER
f^ll WHISKY,
S/^k4^^ j. Bottled and Distilled
m^m JAS.E. PEPPER
pfeilggl & CO.,
?:|^g»| Lexington, Ky,,
l^ f 'ftS|i7^>j3 Under the same FOR-
e -rt«' si *' "*»» v MI) LA for more than
SwSS&ar-J^ ICO YEARS ;is guaran-
S"--"^^ •=? teed ABSOLUTELY the
!i^J|j}|*& *"--'! PUREST and BEST in
Bar^l Sample Case $15.
{^^j£»j*a3EiSlj Sent on trial, which,
1 if not satisfactory, can
be returned and money will be refunded.
CARROLL&TCAREOLL,
306 MARKET ST.,
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE PACIFIC COAST.
Will Cash Pepper Coupons.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of
FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE.
I have on hand a larce quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke la
made from the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend It to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
t vuit DR. JORDAN'S o»«t
i&fefi Museum of Anatomy
JMral IC3I IUSZET ST. lot. 6th 4 7th, 6.7. Cal.
m —jj^ « The Largest of Its kindle tlie World.
l(TCol\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
CoDsolt&ilon free. TVrite for Cook
1 1 Philosophy of Marriage.
mailed rnit.
S]i*^^^^to^**iM Fi ° f J is a non -poisonous
remedy for Uonorrhteu,
Gleet, Spormatorrhoe^
OW ie l to s '.»73.« "hitee, unnatural dig-
gjarreTeau eonu^on. tion of mucoin mem-
HEtvANS CheMIP«ICo. cranes. Non-astringent.
BBEH Sold by DragrsrUta,
wAk U. S. a. >StT^ r Bent in plain wrapper,
' TMIP in i#nil py express, prepaid, for
''•^ZfiJ&Sff&^a £ '-°°' or 3 bottles, ?2.75.
'"WHK* ■ Circular »»at ou r«iue«t.DE VRIES AIDS
IMPROVEMENTS
Introduces a Bill Appro
priating Half a Motion
Dollars.
This to Be Ussd in Dredging
the Sacramento and Us
Tributaries.
Construction of Needed Impounding
Dams In the Yuba Also Being
Considered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 6.
Representative deVries to-day tntro
i In the House a bill appropriating
.000 for dredging and otherwise im
vlng the Sacramento River and its
uarles. The object of this bill is
Lrry out the engineers' recommen
• in for the improvement of the Sac
ra ineoto River, recently submitted.
De Vri^a considers that the greatest
obstacle to the improvement of the
Sacramento River and its tributaries
has been removed, and a great step In
advance in that matter has been ac-
romplished. He has devoted a great
deal of time in bringing influence to
■;'. bear upon the departmental officers to j
show the necessity of early action by I
the California Debris Commission in
submitting plans for the improvement
.-. of the Sacramento and its tributaries,
.' and for the construction of impound- ;
V l-ng dams in the Tuba River, as pre- j
' viously required by Congress. The !
greatest difficulty in securing an ap- I
pmpriation has now been overcome by j
this Representative.
De Vries said to-nisrht that every ef- i
fort should now be directed toward se
curing this appropriation and the report
from the engineers of plans for the Im
pounding dam in the Yuba River, as
• the latter is absolutely essential to any
complete system for the improvement
of the Sacramento River. He speaks
in high terms of Chief of Engineers
Wilson, who assured him this morning
that the report for these dams would
■•• be forthcoming as early as possible and
that as soon as the plans were sub
itted he would introduce a bill ap
propriating the money.
The river convention recently held
■ at Sacramento having appointed a
mmittee to aid in securing an ap
.;. ...propriation for the Sacramento and
'■:'"' Pan Joaquin rivers, De Vries is
w making arrangements with
hairman of the Committee on
Liver and Harbors for a hearing for
c gentlemen. De Vries is fully
; ped with map of the eurrounding
country and an abundance of data
nent to the matter, and ■will pre
sent it to the committee. He visited
the Sacramento and Yuba rivers dur
ir.p the recess of Congress, and is
therefore thoroughly familiar with this
subject.
ORDERED TO REFUND
HIS PERQUISITES
Los Angeles Grand Jury Settles
a Point With Regard
to Fees.
The County Auditor la Required to
Dip Into His Pocket
for $230.
Pp^'a! Dinratch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— County
; Auditor E. C. Hodgman has been call
ed to order by the Grand Jury and a
; demand made upon him to refund
.- . something like $250, which he failed to
.'.turn over to the County Treasurer in
■'.. the way of fees received by him in his !
■A capacity for recording mineral'
s. Until recently the fee for re
■:ing a mineral claim was 50 cents,
n ! -\ hen received it was entered in
■ regular way upon the feebook of
•.jL-the Recorder's office. But Hodgman i
'ygot the Idea that for some reason the |
••fee was a perquisite of his office and j
..••tie asked the District Attorney for his
V ":\opinic>n. That official furnished It to j
■ ' ; the effect that the fee was properly a
A.' perquisite of the Recorder's and that
• .-.he therefore need make no entry of it
;•••■ upon his feebook. The District Attor
-. ney based his decision upon a case de
•■;- J cided in the Superior Court of San j
. I '•■■rnardino County.
Then, it Is alleged. Recorder Hodg
n raised the fee for recording min
eral claims to $1. He had been collect- i
[i lt only 50 cents for the county, but j
).'■ wanted SI when he found that It |
was his. The Grand Jury examined j
into the matter, and. In the face of
■ tho District Attorney's opinion that !
th>- Recorder was entitled to the fee,
they demanded that all amounts
Hodgman had collected for the filing I
of mineral claims should be promptly
t: irnr-d into the county treasury and
(tcoounted for In the feebook.
Mr. Hodgman promptly complk-d i
with the demand, and therefore no
proceedings will be instituted against
him. Hodgman claims that if the Dis
trict Attorney had not advised him
that he was entitled to the fee he never
would have retained it.
SAYS ENGLAND WILL
NOT DARE TO INTERFERE.
Redmond, Who Has Come to This Country to
Lecture, Speaks of the Coming Cele
bration in Ireland.
NFW YORK, Jan. 6.— John E. Red
mond, ML P., and Hun. Robert Guin
ness, champion amateur oarsman of
fireat Britain, arrived here to-day on
"board the steamer Teutonic from I,iv
■ .erpool. Mr. Redmond has come to this
country to lecture In various places on
The Rebellion of 1798," and in a gen
eral way will endeavor to arouse the
interest of Irish-Americans in the pro
posed pilgrimage to Ireland next July,
which will celebrate the rebellion.
Regarding the rumor that the British
Government might interfere with the
centennial celebration in Ireland Mr.
Redmond said: "England dare not try
to interfere with or suppress the cele
bration. She Is wrapped up in so many
complications In the East and else
where that she cannot afford to meddle
with the private affairs of Ireland.
The truth must be known about '98.
The people cannot be bulldozed any
longer." •
DIED.
MATRHOSER— In this city. January 6. IS9S,
Jofw-phina, beloved daughter of Elizabeth and
thp late Peter Mayi-hoper, a native of San
PVanclsco. aged 7 yearn 11 month* and 16
BUNKOED BY
A DETECTIVE
Many Persons Duped by
an Original Black
mailer.
The Scoundrel Now In Prison
for Using the Mails to
Defraud.
Run Down by United States Postoffice
Inspector Flint at 1-os
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— United
States Postofflce Inspector Martley H.
Flint has landed A. M. Williams, head
of the Inter-State Detective Bureau
of Riverside, behind the bars on a
charge of using the malls to defraud.
Williams had a unique and novel
scheme of blackmail and extortion by
means of which he has for some time
been enabled to make a living and to
dupe a great many people in different
parts of California and the entire
West. His proposition was intricate —
so much so that the officers were for
some weeks at a loss to understand
how the man made any money by his
knavery His plan was to work on the
cupidity of people by sending them a
letter, which, they would see on open-
Ing, was not intended for them,
but which, it seemed, presented
them a means of getting some money
belonging suppoeably to some one else
of the same name. Then, after they
had so far committed themselves by
keeping and replying to the letter, the
schemer would attempt to extort
money from them on the threat of ex
posure. In the case which came to the
attention of the authorities the swin-
The Building of Golden Jubilee Floats at
Lombard-Street Wharf.
dler, one A. M. Williams, sent the fol
lowing letter under Riverside date to
W. F. Baker at Banning:
Dear Husband: I Inclose to you here
with Mr. Hoyt's note of $150. Mr. Hoyt
wants to pay the note before due, and
was quite disappointed when he called
yesterday and found that I would not
accept payment and give up th«- note
until it became due, or at least until I
had consulted first with you. Now if
you think best to accept payment and
give up the note, then return the note to
me so that I may collect thft money from
Mr. Hoyt and send it at once to you, be
cause I suspect you need it. Mother is
more down on you than ever, if possible,
and she has Just marie a. new will, giv
ing me her entire estate provided I get a
divorce from you within a year after her
death, otherwise Uncle Henry and
Cousin Julia get it all. Lawyer Jones
tells me that I can get a divorce from
you on the ground of desertion and se
cure my inheritance; then we can marry
again and thus evade poor mother's
cruel will. The doctors all say that she
can hold out but a few months longer at
most, and the best we can do, dear hus
band, is to humor poor mother's peculiar
whim for the time.
I have not heard from you since you
left Charlies, and this is my first letter
to you at your new address. Oh, how
lonesome I do get in this big house
without you. and life is such a mo
notony here, alone with mother, that I
am almost tempted to begin typewriting
again for Armstrong & Co. Address all
your letters to A. M. "Williams, River
side, Cal., then I can call for them with
out much danger of mother seeing
them. Hoping this will find you, like
myself in the b^st of health, but in
better spirits, I am. as ever, your faith
ful wlfeT MARY A. BAKER.
Baker was an honest man and
turned the letter he received over to
the postal authorities.
This was all the authorities required.
Williams was arrested at once. His
room was searched and it was dis
covered that he had sent out over 100
similar letters and was receiving
many replies a day. It was evident
that he had terrorized a number of
people into paying him in each case $50
blackmail. A full supply of paper bear
ing the letterhead of the detective
agency and a quantity of incriminat
ing evidence was found.
MEETS WITH AN ACCIDENT
WHILE HUNTING IN FRANCE.
William E. Eustis. Nephew of the Former
Embassador, Thrown Against a Tree
and His Leg Broken.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 6.— William E. Eustis.
nephew of the former Embassador to
France, had the misfortune to break
his leg while hunting on Thursday
with a pair of fox hounds. His horse,
taking a -*rop Jump into a road,
swerved against a tree, thereby caus
ing the accident. A carriage was sent
for and Mr. Eustis was conveyed to
the residence of Stanley Mortimer,
whom he was visiting. The injury is
only a simple fracture below the knee.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggist* refund the money. lf it falls to cure.
26c. The genuine baa I* B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRAyCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
SAUTES FOR
THE JUBILEE
Department at Washing
ton Commands the Ar
tillery to Boom.
The Governor Will Be Requested
to Proclaim January 24 a
Legal Holiday.
Board of Supervisors Will Be Asked
to Allow Union Square to Be Used
lor a Flower Fair.
The managers of the Golden Jubilee
celebration were actively engaged all
day yesterday. An important meeting
of the executive committee at the Pal
ace Hotel last night was attended by
T. J. Parsons, Mayor Phelan, S. H.
Daniels, J. H. Grady, Edward Cole
man, Peer Tiffany, Tirey L. Ford,
Henry Lunstedt and Henry Martin.
The chairman of the committee was
directed to communicate with Gov
ernor Budd at once and ask that the
opening day of the celebration be de
clared a legal holiday.
The Mayor said Mrs. Lovell White
would ask the Board of Supervisors at
the npxt meeting for permission to use
Union square for a flower fair during
the Jubilee week. The committee ap
proved the project. The parade com
mittee made a rough estimate that
$10,000 would be required to conduct
the pageant.
The Congressional delegation is
working to advance the celebration.
The annexed dispatch was received by
The Call last evening:
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 6—Repre
sentative Loud was to-day notified by the
War Department through the adjutant
general that the requests of the Golden
Jubilee Association of San Francisco for
the firing of salutes during the exercises
of the celebration commemorating the
discovery of gold in California had been
granted "by the department and that in
struction for the firing of a full snlute
had been sent to the different military
stations on the coast. The department
1 is also ordered an exhibition in rifle and
gun practice to be bald during the cele
bration.
Additional subscriptions to the fund of
$8620 already reported were announced
last night: Pacific Coast Jockey Club
$200, First National Bank $100, Chinese
merchants (partially) $74, cash $64 50,
San Francisco National Bank $50, N.
Clark & Co. $50, George Haas & Son
$25, Boston Woven Hose and Rubber
Company $25. William H. Burch & Co.
$25. South Eureka Mining Company
$25 Colonel John P. Jackson $25. Gutta
Percha and Rubber Manufacturing
Company $10; total $9293 50.
The number of representative floats
promised and contemplated for the ju
bilee parade has exceeded the expecta
tions of the parade committee.
The parade committee has decided
that any business house may enter
float provided the design of such float
be first submitted to the committee for
approval.
D. R. McNeill has tendered the pa
rade committee the use of Central
Park free of charge on January 26 and
26.
It was decided last evening to Invite
the California Miners' Association to
parade by counties. Unattached miners
will be Invited to join the column and
a place assigned to them.
Among the features of the mining
fair which the committee on special
events has proposed is a carnival of
contests, to last a week. Expert young
ladies from the candy-stores will be
asked to display their skill in wrapping
caramels. Athletes from tho various
BACK TO WINTER QUARTERS.
The old evangelist who spends his time in going to various points of
the bay preaching the gospel from an old tub that was a lighter on the
Sacramento in the days ot '49, got back to his winter quarters undtr the shelter
of Biack Point yesterday. Ihe steps which le.id to his seat on the mast are
stiii there, and from that elevation the oli man will be seen saying his
prayers at sunrise for some time to come. The old craft is more weather
beaten than ever, and the sails will not hold together another season.
cluh? will show their style of bag
punching, and the making of paper
boxes will be another feature.
Carnival Director Healy can be
found daily at his headquarters at the
Mechanics' Institute, and people who
wish to enter for any contest are re
quested to communicate with him. He
would like also to hear from the di
rectors of interior bands for the pur
pose of arranging a band tournament.
On certain afternoons during the fair
an elegant souvenir after-dinner spoon
will be distributed to the ladies free
of charge. In the bowl of the spoon
there will be engraved. "Golden Jubilee
Mining Fair, IS9K." and the dates of
cloning and closing. They are to be
furnished by one of the largest manu
facturing silver firms in the United
States. _
RECEIVING STOLEN GOODS.
H- Crocker ar)d flaron Crocker,
Pawnbrokers, Are Placed *
Urjder flrrest.
H. Crocker and Aaron Crocker,
pawnbrokers, 608 Montgomery Btreet,
were arrested yesterday on a com
plaint sworn to by Detective Crowley
of the Southern Pacific Company
charging them with receiving stolen
goods.
Frank Allen was arrested a few days
ago on the charge of burglary for
breaking into a car at Port Costa and
stealing thirty-two pairs of trousers.
It is alleged that he shipped the trous
ers to the Crockers through Wells-
Fargo's, and that eighteen pairs were
found in their store by Crowley and
Detective* Bee and Harper.
H. Crocker, who liven in Oakland,
was one of the men slated for office
as a policeman In Oakland and waa to
have been appointed yesterday.
BELASCO AFTER TALENT.
The Alcazar's Manager Leaves
for the East In Search of New
Blood.
Frederick Belasco, manager of the
Alcazar Theater, left Wednesday even
ing for the East In quest of new plays
and new people for his play house.
His trip may extend to London
should he not be successful in getting
what he is after in New York. Mr.
Belasco hopes to secure plays that have
made a hit during the past season and
will produce them at the Alcazar.
Before he left he was elected an hon
orary member of the Theatrical Me
chanics' Association, and was present
ed with a beautiful diamond medal for
his kindness and assistance to the or
ganization.
COMING FROM THE EAST.
Leading Railroads Help This City
to Secure fl!ask.a Trade.
In face of the rain the visitors at the
Alaska bureau have not decreased.
Advices from Chicago state that the
leading railroads there favor San Fran
cisco and will use their best endeavors
to assist its claims in every way. The
travel from Chicago anl vicinity will
be very heavy and the outlook for San
Francisco securing it I? very favorable.
The following subscriptions have been
received since the last report: Western
Meat Company, $100; B. Cogan. $20; W.
M. Williams. $20; The Louvre, $20; Wil
son's Dining Parlors. $25; California
Jockey Club, $100; Armour Packing
Company, $100; J. A. Folger & Co., $100.
Stole a TruoK aod Valise.
Edward Ryan, an ex-convict, was
bookfrt at the City Prison yesterday by
Detecthrei Bee and Harper on a charge
of (rand larceny. A few days ago he
drove up to the Pacific Transfer Com
pany's office, 20 Suttor street, and coolly
drove off with a trunk and valise con
taining wearing apparel valued at 1152.
Thr articles were en route to San Luis
Ol.ispo.
CAUSED BY
AN ARC LAMP
The Fall of One Started
Three Fires on the
Front
Telephone Wires Between Here
and Oakland Burned
Out.
A Rush of Boys Anxious to Ship on
the Mohican at the Naval
Rendezvous.
The fall of an arc light on "Washing
ton street wharf nearly caused three
serious fires and cut the water front
and Oakland off from telephonic com
munication last evening. When the
arc light fell the wires became discon
nected, but the current was turned into
the telephone wires a£ the Tiburon
ferry, section 1 of the sea wall, and
at the foot of Market street. At the
sea wall the grain shed caught flre,
but a few buckets of water put the
blaze out. At the Tiburon ferry all the
company's Sunset wires were burnt
out and Oakland was only reached
thereafter by way of San Jose. The
pole on which the wires rested caught
fire and also the ferry waiting room.
A still alarm was turned in and the
danger of a blaze was soon over.
Double forces of men are at work re
pairing the damage and everything
will be in good order again this morn-
Ing.
The electric light people are of the
opinion that some person on mischief
bent caused all the trouble. The arc
light on Washington street wharf is
lowered and raised by means of a rope
and pulleys. When the cleaner fin
ishes his morning work on the lamp he
hauls It into position and fastens it
securely. Some one must have loos
ened the rope and let the lamp dowr>
with a run. The wharf was crowded
with teams at the time and the falling
lamp nearly caused a stampede among
the huis.-s.
The Harbor Commissioners held a
short session yesterday and paid the
Risdon Iron Works the balance of its
contract price for the iron work on the
new ferry depot. The check was for
$25,950, and is the second largest ever
drawn by the commission.
The sanitary reduction works will be
awarded a wharf at which it can
dump garbage into scows as soon as
the Board of Health nas paused upon
the matter, and not until then. Presi
dent Colnon gave that out as the final
decision of the Board yesterday. It,
therefore, looks as though the sani
tary reduction works will have to ob
tain some other water front facilities
than those controlled by the board, as
the managers of the concern stated
positively at the last meeting of the
commission that they would under no
consideration appear before the Board
of Health and ask for a permit.
The work of putting ferry slip 5 In
repair is to be rushed in order to have
it in readiness for the rush to the
races at Oakland, which begin next
Monday. President Colnon will see to
it that extra men are put to work on
the job, and that everything will be
in readiness for an extra boat on Mon-
day.
Boys anxious to Jo4n the navy as ap
prentices pour Into the rendezvous on
California street In dozens dally. Fully
fifty boys present themselves daily for
examination, but out of that number
only about three out of every ten are
accepted, the others failing to pass the
physical test. The trip around the
world in the Mohican has turned near
ly every boy in the State into a would
be sailor, and all are more than anx
ious to tnke a four years* course in
seamanship. '"Tommy" Reynolds, who
lives on Natoma street, Is one of the
boys who will not take "no" for an an
swer. Tommy lacks an inch and a
quarter of the necessary height, and
every day he pops to the rendezvous
and measures himself to see how much
he has grown. The officers in charge
of tho enlisting of the boys have taken
a great liking to the lad, and tf It can
be managed in any way "Tommy" will
be aboard when the Mohican sails. The
following officers have been assigned
to the training ship: G. M. Brock,
commander; Lieutenant J. D. McDon
ald, Lieutenants H. M. Dombaugh, M.
L. Wood and T. Porter, and Ensigns
H. Laning. G. K. GMm and C. J. Lang,
now on the receiving ship Independ
ence at Mare Island.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
China sailed for the Orient yesterday
with only six passengers, but a full
cargo, C. H. Brickwrdel Jr., the purser
of the steamer, is on the sick list and
did not go out this voyage. His place
was taken by C. M. Wilbur.
_______ NEW TO-DAY.
A FREE RIDE
TO AND FROM ALL PARTS OF THE CITY.
The above building is the PATTOSIEN CO. Furniture Store.
It is the largest house west of Chicago, and is located on Sixteenth
and Mission streets. Since opening this grand place they have done
the business of the city. THEIR RENT IS THE LOWEST. This
accounts for LOW PRICES. To-morrow a GIGANTIC SALE will
I commence. Mr. Pattosien purchased the ENTIRE STOCK OF 134
(CARLOADS OF THE WEST MICHIGAN FURNITURE CO. for
a TRIFLE, AS THEY NEEDED MONEY. The sale of it will start
to-morrow. Each buyer during this saie will get a FREE RIDE to
and from the store. Take the Mission, Fillmore or Kearny street cars.
HOTELS, LODGING-HOUSES, FLATS, ROOMS, OFFICES,
will be fitted out at prices to COMPETE WITH THE WORLD.
W
WILL SHE PROSECUTE?
Bessie K'eve. Shot by Her Father,
Fails to Appear.
The case of Louis Kleve, charged
with an assault to murder by shooting
his daughter, Bessie, on October 3. was
called in Judge Low's court yester
day. Kieve 6aid his daughter did not
wish to prosecute him and he thought
the case should be dismissed.
The girl did not appear in court, and
as it was learned she was in San Jose
the Judge Issued a bench warrant for
her arrest. The was continued
till next Wednesday.
NEW TO-DAY.
t^^w*^V As a delicious
ltrv\Y/ pure food drink,
w l^/ as the purest and
J/ H best of all chocolates,
M Ghirardelli's
m ■ Monarch
I Chocolate
; is the most popular
;< chocolate in use.
SI Used with pastry, too,
C it imparts a delight-
j\ fully mellow flavor*
//Ia \\ ! A wmple ctka f ree with all Ta
LJRjVV purchMe* of Chirtrfelli't yfl'
B^\ . Coco* J
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦if
■"- ' ' ■ -♦•
<> t
"t . Retiring from -"■
t The Desk ■ ;?:
| BUSINESS. I
-<*■ Office Desks and 7 Furniture ♦
•J AT COST. -f
4- " Curtain. Flat, Standing and Typewriter T
4. Desks, Tables, Revolving: Bookcases, T
4. Chairs, etc— all to gro. ■■ ~T
i C. F. WEBER & CO., >
X Corner of Post and Stockton Stß., Under 1
+. Pacific Union Club, San Francisco, Cal. T
♦ ♦♦♦>'"»♦>"♦♦»>»♦"♦'♦ ♦>'♦♦'
Wright's. Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure ■ -■■
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid - Liver, - Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the b100d. ... - ;
Grossman's Specific Mixture.
% With this remedy persona can cure themselves
■without the least exposure, change of. diet or
change In application to business. I The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least Injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist **>r It. Price, $1
aboitle.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. 10 Third St.
Shoe CO, Ho. 10 Third St.
C STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEBIT
SEND FOR OUR NEW
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE
I Extra Bargains ! I
1 Special Offerings! 1
0 Beginning to-day we will offer special ©
W inducements to our customers until ®
W we take stock In February. Every (•)
<•) store accumulates a certain amount of fa
@ broken lines and ■ sizes, and we nave fa
fa resolved to dispose of these odd sizes )5\
fa during this sale. So we wish to lm- >f.
fa press on the minds of our customers ><
>< that the shoes which we will adver- 'f?
JSJ tise as broken sizes are really odd ®
yy lots, and our country customers in Qy
© particular shall not feel offended if QO
0 we cannot fill their orders for these (•)
0 specially advertised shoes. When we fa
fa have all sizes we will state that fact. fa
,§? Special Sale — Ladles' 'Silk Embroidered ©
I Vesting Top Lace. Shoes, finest Vlcl (J/
Kid Vamps, new coin toes and tips, (•)
pliable • soles, all sizes, all widths. <•)
Sold during this sale for $2 35; regular 0
price .....$3 50 fa
'OE/n ©
•^m> -Z3C '■> fa
Infants' Vlcl Kid | "JT^T S
Button Shoes, clr- I"^ / JS
cular vamps and I < I «
heel foxing, pat- M~y i >5J
ent leather tips. ; jf^£ ■ 1 ©
pliable soles, all y^f^ % ©
sizes, Ito 6, re- . •• 1 Qy
duced from *"Ifr iii^wWiT - J(n
I Have Yon Small Feet ? 1
® 4Oc. :.|
fa A M Lndies' kid Oxford fa
(Z\ _f»T'»_jik. Ties, odd sizes, ><
X " "Vr^' "^assorted kinds, )2(
>< Jgr 3 plain toeß and ©
>< jff—^^^—^M UU P 8 - broad or ®
•' ._jt^"^ T^^^Sr pointed tops, 0
® i i i«tr ■ i^«k« Blzes 2 to 3, ®
0 narrow widths: reduced to 40c Sizes (?)
(5) - 2% to 3% of a better grade of Oxfords fa
fa will be sold for 65c. All these Oxfords «
0 formerly sold for from.. s2 to $3 a pair ><
X toadies' Black or Bronze French Kid ©
» Beaded Opera Slippers, turned soles. ©
© wooden heels, sizes 2to 4. Reduced 0
0 to ....$115; former price $3 00 0
0 Ladles' Turkish Slippers, all colors and fa
0 sizes. Reduced to .65c a pair fa
/Ji Ladles' Vlcl Kid Button Shoes, opera ©
>< toes and V-shaped patent leather tips, ©
( i' sizes 2 to 4H. widths B to E. Re- 0
© duced t0.. ......... ..75c; formerly '' $2 50 0
I Ladles' ' Vlcl Kid ■ Button Shoes, plain fa
® broad toes without tips, easy on the fa
(5) feet, sizes 2to 3V£. widths AA to E; ><
& name kind, sizes 4 and 4%, widths AA. )»
/S\ A and B. Reduced to )2(
J>y regular prices $2 50 and 13 00 W
0 Men's Beat Satin i^vV |$1 W
/*\ tips, guaranteed t m m ®v
® from $2, all sizes. j^Pf]^JC&»~* 0
§ Klondike Footwear a |
Specialty. |
,v country orders solicited. " ;©; ©
© Address 0
I B. KATCHINSKI, |
© PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., ©
© 10 Third St., San Francisco. 0
®®®®GXs)®(«X»)®®®^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/»OO:UARKET' ST., . UPP. " PALACH
UOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence Ht
.Valencia street. r Telephone. "Church" JX^±
56
FRIDAY- ZTI7....JANUARY 7, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»^ S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stree
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL Ope year, by rpoll. $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE ■ 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rifigs Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpeo until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larklrj street: open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
9 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.; open untii 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
open until 9:30 o'ciock- NW. corner Twenty-second
«0d Kentucky streets: open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Henrietta."
California— "At Gay Coney Island," to-morrow nljht.
California— Song and Lecture Recitals.
Alcazar— 'The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Morosco's— "The District Pair."
Tlvoll— "Mother Goose."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bash— The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
Oberon — Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
Ingleside Track— Races to-day.
Coursing— lngleside Coursing Park, 10-morrow afternoon.
Cooper Medical College— Lane Lectures.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan 4 Doyle— This day, January 7, Horses, at 2918 Mis-
sion street, at 11 o'clock.
By Killlp & Co.— Monday, January 10, Horses, at corner Van
Nese'avemie and Market sts^ M 11 o'clock.
THE SOUTH AND THE FAIR.
COMMENTING upon the celebration of the
Golden Jubilee and the coming mining ex
position the Redlands Citrograph expresses
the belief that these things will be good for San
Francisco, but asks "Where does South California
get off?"
Answering the question according to its own no
tion, it says: "South California has not one particle
of direct benefit to gain through this proposed fiesta
and but the merest trifle in indirect benefit." Then
to prove the truth of this extraordinary assertion it
adds: "Days and nights have we sat in the Occi
dental, the Grand, the Palace and other hotels in
San Francisco and told mining men of experience
of the vast mineral wealth of South California, not
alone gold, but silver, and iron, and borax, and salt,
and asbestos, and laminar mica, and petroleum and
asphalt and many other mineral and non-mineral
substances, and have been met with contempt that
we could be crazy enough or ignorant enough not
to know that the 'mother lode" — whatever that may
be — 'broke off' some 300 miles north of here and no
precious metals ever were or ever could be tound
south of that 'well defined' point. And San Fran
cisco does not to-day recognize South California
as a gold or silver producing region."
If any considerable number of people in the
south hold the dolorous creed propounded by the
Citrograph they wall come near proving the asser
tion that South California wiil have no benefit from
the mining exposition by the simple neglect to seize
the beneficial opportunities offered. In the swift ad
vance of the State in all lines of enterprise at the
beginning of the new era of prosperity there will be
no inclination on the part of any to stop and con
dole with those who stand aside to criticize or
swear. Prosperity will be only for those who join
the movement and keep up with the procession.
The editor of the Citrograph has been unfortunate
if in sitting in the hotels of San Francisco he has
found no man who would take an interest or place
confidence in his stories of the bountiful mineral
resources of the south. Perhaps if he had made his
talk in places where San Franciscans resort to do
business instead of in the lounging places of the
hotels where rural roosters come to acquire style
and have adventures he would have had better luck.
There is many a capitalist in this city who has made
investments in the south and found them profitable,
and reports of their experience have made the wealth
of that section better known here than the Citro
graph thinks.
If, however, San Francisco people are really ig
norant of the extent of the richness of the southern
mines it is surely time for the southern people to
enlighten them. Nothing can be gained by sitting
down on undeveloped mines and swearing at met
ropolitan ignorance. The only proper course to
pursue is for the south to send to the mining expo
sition such an array of exhibits as will open our
eyes to the truth and excite our minds with ad
miration. If this is done there will be no further
question as to where South California is to get off.
She will not get off at all, but catch on, 6tay on and
share in all the benefits the new gold excitement
promises to every enterprising and rich mining dis
trict on the Pacific Coast.
An unknown man has been killed at Martinez by
an officer. His crime was that of being a tramp.
In the category of crimes there are worse offenses.
A tramp has even been known to be such against
his own desire and in spite of desperate effort. The
officer may have been justifiable, however, for
tramps do questionable things occasionally, and yet
the chances are that the slayer would be sleeping
more soundly o' nights if he had not felt impelled
to take a life which seemed to him at the time to be
of little value.
That one member of the Salvation Army at San
Bernardino turns out to be a burglar is no possible
reflection upon the organization. But his haste to
be convicted so as to return and resume the preach
ing of the gospel will hardly appeal to people of
reason. Doubtless he has a mission, but it seems
to be that of posing as the necessary "terrible ex
ample."
According to college authority the recent killing
of Mamvell on the football field will have no effect
on the game. The view is hardly correct. Mr.
Manwell will no longer participate in the chaste joys
of the gridiron, and some who saw him killed
will remember the circumstance to the dampening
of their enthusiasm.
Actor Ratcliffe, who was in jail for the beating
of his wife, has established a reasonable doubt and
is at liberty. There had been before a very reason
able doubt, but this was as to whether the sentence
given, being only six months, was long enough.
REFORM THE CRIMINAL CODE.
THE Durrant case has gained such wide no
toriety and the vicissitudes and changes which
it has undergone have been so dramatic that
it may be made to serve some purpose besides that
of satisfying the unwholesome taste for the morbid
and abnormal.
For nearly three years some phase of this case
has been before the public. Of that necessity which
cannot be avoided, it has been in some form in
every newspaper. In some of them, however, it has
appeared with unnecessary frequency, or has been
written up so as to wring from it every possible ab
normal and crime breeding suggestion of which it
was capable. It has been used in pictures and text
by such papers with an ingenuity sometimes hellish
to touch into diseased and dreadful activity any
;erms of erotic crime that might be latent in the
community. These papers have reveled in the
spume and feculence and foulness of it and have
scattered broadcast every suggestion which can
serve as a mental ferment for the perversion and
undoing of the weak and wayward. The case has
been made to be a moral pestilence, a psychopathic
infection, incapable of being quarantined and
against which no lustration could prevail as long as
the sensational press had the excuse of parading it
as news because of its constant recurrence in the
courts.
Observing this, those members of the community
who have noted the spread of moral gangrene,
losing their judgment, have accused the courts of
being the septic centers of the contagion, and the
bench has lost standing as a result. Probably no
ither matter ever made the subject of judicial inves-
tigation has inflicted as much harm in the form of
damage to morals and loss of respect due to the
courts as this. Therefore, before the lesson passes
and is overgrown by some other grewsome sensa
tion let the only possible virtuous use be made of
it. The courts are not to blame. They are created
to administer the civil and criminal code. The
rights of a man accused of crime begin in the Fed
eral constitution and lie embedded in the statutes.
These being constitutional, the courts are bound by
them. If a lawyer choose to use his case as an ad-
vertisement of his aptness in getting time, gaining
delay and balking justice in a labyrinth of techni
calities, armed with the Criminal Code he has the
courts at his mercy. He has also the admiration of
a certain section of the community if his case be
capital and capital punishment be hanging. So it
happens that not only in California, but in other
States, justice lags. The tenderness shown by the
law for the innocent, falsely accused, has erected a
system of statutes and produced a line of decisions
which render punishment of the guilty difficult and
tedious.
Those who make it their business to decry and
defame the Federal courts have fed their grudge on
the Durrant case. But those courts cannot bar the
presentation of a case before them, nor can they in
the first instance, if a Federal question be alleged,
prevent an appeal to test its existence.
Without at present pointing out the particulars
in which amendments to the statutes may b>s had,
we call attention to the need of such statutory re
form as will repress crime by its prompt punish
ment rather than encourage it by delays which the
innocent do not need, but which avail the guilty in
various ways and recruit the criminal ranks by sug
gestion.
The ends of justice and the ends of morality are to
be served by such reform. In not a single aspect
is crime a desirable presence. Neither in repen
tance nor in punishment does it teach. "The way
of the transgressor is hard" may be written on the
lintel of every prison and carved on every gallows,
and yet that way will be trodden to the end by
those who believe themselves exceptions to the
hard rule that has dominated those gone before in
the same path.
Moral diseases have their origin in pathogenic
germs as certainly as do physical disorders. We ex
pend large sums in the sanitation of our cities, the
destruction of foul and noisome things and in a
proper drainage and disinfection of sewage that the
germs of fever may be prevented.
The purpose of the Criminal Code should largely
be a moral sanitation. Give the wrongly accused
opportunity to prove his innocence, but when judg
ment has fallen upon the guilty put the noisome
matter away; get it out of sight and out of mind
and thereby purify and keep clean the minds in
which the subtlest of natural laws has , lodged the
capacity to catch disorders by contact
HOT TIMES FOR PENSION ATTORNEYS.
UNLESS all indications fail, one of the liveliest
fights in Washington this winter will be made
over the alleged "pension scandals," with
pension attorneys in the middle of the scrimmage
catching kicks and licks from both sides. H. Clay
Evans, Commissioner of Pensions, desires the pas
sage of a law to the effect that in future no fee shall
be paid to any attorney or claim agent for any
claim filed for pensions, and as he is reputed to be
a good hard fighter the chances are he will either
get such a law or know the reason why.
In a recent statement on the subject Mr. Evans
says: "The ordinary pension attorney is worse than
the most pestiferous 'varmint' that ever invaded a
hen roost." It should be remembered that Mr.
Evans is a resident of Tennessee and in that State
the word "varmint" is not libelous. At most the
pestiferous creature referred to in the simile could
be only a coon, a possum or a skunk, and as the
phrase is expressly applied not ta extraordinary
attorneys, but only to the ordinary ones, there can
be nothing in the epithet which a jury would con
sider derogatory to the reputation of the person
accused.
Passing from phrases to facts, the Commissioner
asserts that under the present law the Government
virtually pays a bounty of $25 to the pension attor
ney for every pensioner who can be induced to file
a claim that can be proven up and admitted. Under
this system there have gone into the business up
ward of 50,000 pension attorneys, and according to
Mr. Evans "they are practically so many drum-
mers — soliciting agents — that do nothing but hunt
up claims and claimants for the Pension Bureau,"
The country will be glad to have this issue
probed and thoroughly investigated by a Republi
can administration. The work of reforming abuses
in the system, if abuses exist, should be entrusted to
the party that framed the pension laws and is known
to be loyal to the brave men who saved the Union
at the peril of their lives. The pension roll was de
signed to be a roll of honor and should be kept so.
Henry Clay Evans is one of the men who fought
for the nation during the war and after its close
went South to maintain the cause of reconstruction
and liberty against Bourbon hate and intolerance.
He has shown himself to be a faithful and coura
geous man in many posts of duty, and if he has
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
now good reason for believing that the honorable
pensions bestowed by a grateful country upon de
serving veterans are being distorted to the use of
fraudulent claimants the sympathy and support of
the people will be with him in his new contest to
uphold the right and redress the wrong.
AS a general thing it is useless to argue with
a newspaper whose purposes are insincere.
The Mission street boodler is anxious to get
a "cinch" into the proposed new charter which will
compel the Southern Pacific to offer it another "ad
vertising" contract. It is aware of the fact that the
corporation never advertises unless coerced, and it
knows of no better way to coerce it than to secure
the adoption of a provision in the charter which will
threaten to confiscate its property. Hence the sup
port it is giving to the proposition to forfeit, upon
their expiration; the franchises of the Market street
railway system.
In an attempt to show this boodle sheet that it
is throwing its energy away we said the other day
that no such "cinch" could be valid for the reason
that, being in conflict with a State statute providing
for the sale of railroad franchises, it would be un
constitutional. Our motive was kindly. Having
no objection to the boodle sheet again entering the
employ of the railroad monopoly, we intended
merely to direct its mind into more promising chan
nels, for it is certain that it will never get another
"advertising" contract by threatening the forfeiture
of the franchises of the Market street company.
But our kindness seems to have been misplaced.
The boodler denounces us as a corporation organ
and says that we know less law than necessity,
which knows no law.
Nevertheless, we must insist that the boodler is
wasting its time. Section Bof article XI of the con
stitution provides that "any city * * * may frame
a charter for its own government consistent with
and subject to the constitution and laws of this
State," etc. This section has never been modified
or repealed. The amendment of 1895, providing
that charters shall be supreme in "municipal af
fairs." does not apply. Selling railroad franchises
is not a municipal affair. The State owns the
streets. At common law the King held the fee
simple of all the highways, and our King is the
State. The use of the streets and the authority to
improve and maintain them is granted to the city
by the State, which creates the city and from which
it derives all its powers. The State having passed
an act establishing a uniform rule for the sale of
railroad franchises covering its own property, all
charters must be consistent with it. In the case of
Davies vs. the city of Los Ajigeles the Supreme
Court decided that the charter of that city must be
controlled by a general law providing for the open
ing, widening and extending of streets. Why must
not the charter of this city be controlled by a general
law for the sale of railway franchises?
But of what use is it to call the Mission street
boodler's attention to law? The last things in the
world it cares about are statutes and Supreme Court
decisions. What it wants is a "cinch" which will
compel the railroad monopoly to "advertise." The
recollection of that $30,000 contract must linger in
its memory as the perfume of new-blown roses is
said to hang around Prradise.
However, there is no question whatever that in
this matter of franchises the boodler i< wasting its
words. That matter contains none of the elements
of a good "cinch." The power to make it effective
does not reside in the Board of Freeholders, but in
the Legislature. The corporation attorneys, of
whom it occasionally speaks with so much re
spect, are undoubtedly laughing at its ignorance.
What the boodler should do is to go for the water
and gas companies. Is it aware of the fact that
Spring Valley is earning 6 per cent on its stock and
that last year the Gas Company paid a million dol
lars in dividends? The Market street company
earns only a miserable 25 cents a share, and that not
more than once in three months. The boodler
ought not to desire to fleece the poor.
For men who deliberately sell diseased meat to
the community no adequate punishment has yet
been devised. That morally they are on the plane of
the murderer there can be no question, but the dif
ficulty of tracing any particular homicide to them is
apparent. To make them pay a fine out of their ill
got money falls far short of justice. At least the
fine imposed should be so great that no man-killing
butcher could possibly pay it. and in lieu of satis
fying the demand would have to spend in jail the
rest of his unnatural days.
While the threat of one city official to pull off the
nose of another naturally sent a thrill of horror
through the community, there is comfort in know
ing that the nose is still in place. The dove of
peace lost a few feathers, but this seems to have
been the extent of the catastrophe.
When Secretary Gage has retired and Secretary
Sherman has retired there will be a chorus of "I
told you so's" of impressive volume. But if neither
of them leaves the Cabinet the silence of the
prophets will be worth listening to.
To the unbiased observer it does not seem that
putting handcuffs on a schoolboy so as to be able
with a minimum of discomfort to give him a beat
ing is a plan which ought to be allowed to be
habitually followed.
The public will be relieved to know that the in
terviews yellow journalism is presenting as coming
from Durrani are absolutely fictitious.
In spite of the means of communication which ex
ist at present between the two hemispheres, it seems
>hat Europeans are bent upon remaining in absolute
Ignorance of American affairs, says the Illustrated
American.
Some of the mistakes made by leading and in
fluential Journals on the other side of the water in
expatiating upon American problems are too absurd
even to be classed in the category Of humor. In this
Connection it is intcrestlnc to quote, some few ex
tracts from the. Petit Parlslen. This n.-wspaper is
published in Paris, and has a daily circulation of
fcOG.OOO copies, buch a newspaper may not improperly
be taken as a fair exponent of Parisian sentiment.
With respect to the war power of the United States
this paragraph occurs in the paper: "The United
Ptates has no war power. Its navy is composed of a
few modern ships, which cannot put out to sea, and
Its army, or. rather, what is so called, is made up of
a great many generals and a few negro and Indian
troops, without arms or discipline." The Parlsien de
clares that "either Japan or Spain would find the task
of vanquishing the presumptuous Yankee easy
enough."
Such ignorance as statements like these clearly
Imply is without excuse, even among the lowest clasa
of Europeans who never travel and know but little
of what is going on in and around them. But for utter
nonsense this statement caps the climax: "Canada
Is, indeed a great country, and it might well be
proud or having been the birthplace of the patriot,
George Washington." Still another exhibition of
European Ignorance is disclosed In the following
paragraph: "The city of Eureka Springs, one of the
piost beautiful towns of fur Arkansas, lies on a beau
tiful bay of the Pacific Ocean." Were it not for the
fact that the United States is confessedly one of the
greatest powers on the ploho, such ignorance in re
gard to this country might well cat 50 us to stop and
think; but as this ignorance springs solely frum
A SILLY BOODLER.
IGNORANCE OF AMERICA.
BALLOON MADE OF ALUMINUM.
Herr Schwarz of Agram built a cylindrical airship of aluminum. Although
the balloon was 134 feet long, 46 feet high and 42 feet 7 inches wide, it
weighed only 5720 pounds. The trial trip was made at Berlin after the in
ventor's death. The ship was wrecked, but the officers of the Royal Prussian
navigation office say that the test proved the suitability of aluminum as a
material for use in balloon construction.
UNION SAILORS CENSURE FITZGERALD.
Coast Searrjen's Journal.
Several of the newspapers of California and a number of the trade
unions In that State have expressed their dissatisfaction with the attitude
of Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald toward the question of Hawaiian annex
ation. We concur with the former. Mr. Fitzgerald shows either the
grossest lack of judgment or the supremest contempt for his office.
Whichever way we look at It, we cannot help feeling that t^iat gentleman
Is providing a stronger argument in favor of abolishing his office than any
of Its open enemies have yet been able to construct.
GOOD THINGS IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
IF you took any interest in Li
Hung Chang's remarkable trip
around the world you probably
remember that he freely visited
every city on his direct route,
but that when he started west
from New York he took the great
est pains to avoid San Francisco.
Why?
He was warned that he would be
assassinated by a powerful society
in that city, a society whose mem
bers reach around the globe and
who are banded together for one
certain object.
So dangerous is that organiza
tion considered by the Chinese Gov
ernment that every member caught
is swiftly beheaded.
A Call jepresentative has Joined
this society, and he thrillingly re
lates his weird initiation amid
gruesome surroundings, and tells
of the object of this remarkable
organization.
Nothing like it on this continent
has ever been described.
Read this dramatic story In The
Call and you will learn of things
more strange than have ever been
set forth in stories of meetings of
nihilists, Ku-Klux-Klan and the
like.
Nearly a month ago an Industri
ous grave digger unearthed about
50,000 skeletons on a supposed pre
historic battlefield in the Mississippi
Valley. Scientists considered this
a remarkable "find" from an eth
nological point of view. A Califor
nia miner has Just unturned to the
light some forty skeletons that
from a scientific point of view com
pletely eclipse everything found
on that prehistoric battlefield. Read
next Sunday's Call and you will
learn about the wonderful things
that this California miner is bring
ing to light in the Sierra foothills.
Richard Roe and H. O. Hoe have
always led notable lives in a legal
way, but their troubles, adven
tures and shortcomings are scant
and barren compared with the
eventful career of one John Doe.
If you don't believe it read what
Judge John Hunt has to tell of the
lineage, life and quaint sayings of
this historical character. In the
rush of events Thuoydides, Pliny,
Gibbon, Macaulay and Bill Nye
somehow overlooked the agile John
Doe, but he is properly pinned down
in black and white at last, and if
you look at next Sunday's Call
you'll see how very cleverly it has
been done.
Lord Kelvin, the greatest living
scientist, also tells about his fa
mous "vortex" theory and gives his
ideas on gravitation and the abso
lute zero point. The article con
tains a number of things most in
teresting to those who are fond of
natural science.
These are only a few of the many
good thing? in the budget of next
Sunday's Call. If you want the
best and brightest news of the day;
If you want to know what is "the
latest" in books, society, fashions
and In the theatrical and musical
world.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
UNCLE SAM'S GROWING NAVY.
Tho present strength of the United
States navy is officially stated at 140
vessels of all kinds, including nine first
class hattle-phlps. two armored cruisers,
six double-turreted monitors, thirteen
single-turreted monitjrs. thirteen unpro
tected cruisers and ten gunboats. It is
gratifying to learn that the number of
Bteel torpedo-boats has been increased
to twenty-two. — Globe-Democrat.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup cures
bronchitis; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
W. H. McKenzie, the Fresno banker, Is
at the Lick.
George E. Goodman, the Napa banker.
Is at the Palace.
J. Norton, a business man of San Jose,
is at the Baldwin.
F. C. Lusk, a Chicago lawyer. Is stay
ing at the Palace.
J. D. Biddle, a banker of Hanford, has
gone to the Grand.
J. M. Williams, a mining man of New
man, Is at the Lick.
A. Lh Nichols, an attorney of Chlco, Is
a guest at the Grand.
C. W. Miller, a Chicago capitalist, is a
guest at the Baldwin.
H. C. Evans, a business man of Louis
ville, is at the Palace.
A. J. Plllsbury, a newspaper man of
Tulare, is at the Grand.
E. 11. Carlus, a mining man of Grants
Pass, Or., is at the Russ.
B. Boniiman. a business man of Ta
coraa, Is at the Occidental.
L. S. Gray, a Fresno raisin packer, has
registered at the Occidental.
E. S. de Galyer, a mining man of Los
Angeles, has arrived at the Palace.
The show held
at f the California
Th*eater for the
advertisement of
society and inci
dentally for the
benefit of the
Children's Hospi-
|! A BIT OF !
j! SOLDIERLY ♦
;; wit.
tal gave occasion for a rather clever bon
mot on the part of General Warfield.
Snme real militia soldiers took part In
the performance and Impersonated vet
erans with a fierceness which would have
put the old original of '61 to blush. The
officer warriors of this gallant brigade,
when not on the stage, were accustomed
to deposit their hats with a boy, who
would write their names on a card and
attach the card to the top of the hat. A
yoursg lady passing with General War
field and seeing one of these pieces of
pasteboard sticking amidst the feathers
whhii surmounted a bit of martial head
gear, asked what it was. "That," replied
her witty escort, "is Colonel Z's norn de
plume."
Frank J. Carolan came up from Bur
llngame yesterday and registered at the
Palace.
Colonel J. A. Hardln, the Santa Rosa
capitalist and stockralser. Is a guest at
the Russ.
Dr. H. W. Taggart of Stockton has
been In the city visiting his old class
mate. Dr. Charles V. Cross.
C. C. Crow, the owner of Crows Land
ing, is registered at the California. Mr.
Crow leaves to-morrow for Klondike, go
ing by way of Seattle.
Ed W. Dunn, the advance agent of the
Courted Into Court company, which was
booked to open at the Columbia, is at the
Baldwin. Mr. Dunn arrived in the city
just in time to see the flre at the theater
at which his company was to appear.
District Attorneys Frank D. Ryan of
Sacramento and B. A. Harrington of
Santa Clara County, and Sheriffs G. 8.
MoKenzie of Napa, John Burr of Los
Angeles and W. C. Conway of Placer
County, have come up to witness the last
act in the Durrant tragedy. They are at
the Grand.
To commence
the new year
properly has long
been one of the
most Jealously
guarded of man's
prerogatives; and
the lucky individ-
i! a !
GOLDEN
NEW YEAR. !i
♦ •
ual who could open small bottles on that
auspicious occasion was second only to
the fellow who could open largo ones.
This year, however, a woman took a hand
in the game, and not only stood for small
bottles and large ones, but went the
sterner sex one better and opened a gold
mine. The mine opened was The Tracy
mine at Angels Camp, Calaveras County,
and the woman doing the opening was
Mrs. Dr. Lichau. living at 423 Geary
street in this city. Mrs. Lichau went to
Angels Camp New Year's eve, and Just
as the clock struck 12 sh^ formally chris
tened the mine. Though the company has
been organized but a short timo. it has
enough machinery on the ground to go
down ICHX) feet. Much of the capital was
raised in Germany through the exertions
of Mrs. Lichau. The principal officers
and stockholders are: President, T. R.
Bannerman; vice-president, Mr. Reed;
secretary, W. J. Miller; treasurer. Bank
of California; superintendent, W. G.
Drown; directors. Dr. and Mrs. Lichau
\V. G. Drown and W. H. Drown.
F. J. McWilHams. who has been G. W.
MrNear's outside man for a number of
years, has left the employ of that gen
tleman to accept a very flattering oJTer
made him by the Siebe Shoe Company
Mr. McWllliams is one of the best-known
and most popular of the younger genera
tion of grain men, and will be much
missed by the merchants along Califor
nia street.
A party of railroad men consisting of
A. A. Mohler, general manager of the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, B. Campbell, the company's freight
agent. R. Koheler. the Oregon manager
for the Southern Pacific, C. Markam.
general passenger agent of the Southern
Pacific for the same territory, and Carl
Spuker, are in the city on business con
nected with their several roads. Yester
day afternoon these gentlemen held an
informal meeting in the office of J. C
Stubbs. Nothing was done, however, be
yond discussing the affairs of the two
•lines and talking over matters of mutual
interest. Though it is whispered that the
business that brings them here is to set
tle various matters on which the two
lines conflict, nothing definite can be as
certained as the gentlemen absolutely re
fuse to speak for publication. The whole
party is registered_atjhe Palace.
The San Fran
cisco Child Study
Club will resume
its weekly meet
ings at the Occi
dental next Fri
day afternoon at
2:30. An extract
j; TO STUDY ;;
THE
j| CHILDREN. ;;
from Sully's "Study of Childhood will
be read, also an article from the North
western Monthly. Mrs. Hester Harland.
who is the president of the club, is active
ly furthering the preparations for trie
State meeting, in March, of the California
Home and Child Study Association, to
which the club meeting at the Occidental
is auxiliary. The membership of this Cub
contains many mothers and teachers ana
all persons, whether members or not are
cordially Invited to attend the meetings.
NORMAL SCHOOLS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 4, 1898.
Editor of The Call-Dear Sir: Rea
ring to an editorial in The Call of Jan
uary 1, 1898. entitled "A Plethora of Nor
mal Schools," permit the writer, himse.t
a Normal graduate, a teacher of ten
years* experience, with also some ex
perience in the employing of teachers,
a few words pertaining to the subject.
Not only Mr. Black but other educators
have on every occasion during the past
few years at least, whenever they could
catch the public ear, never failed to re
mind the people of the State that the
Normal Schools were unable to supply
the demand for teachers.
Now every Trustee or Director whoso
duty it Is to employ teachers has every
reason to believe quite the contrary, and
if Mr. Black will give us the facts upon
which he based this assertion the people
may become convinced.
It certainly cannot be that Mr. Black
has been called upon for teachers and
that he and the principals of the differe'it
Normal Schools have been unable to re
spond to these calls by giving them the
names of one or more good and worthy
teachers. If so, these gentlemen at the
heads of education in the State need only
to call on any School Board. My expe
rience assures me that every board in
the State has enough teachers on its sub
stitute list to fill all the vacancies that
will occur during the next ten years, and
besides the names of enough proficient
and worthy applicants whose letters are
filed away to nil all the vacancies for a
succeeding ten years. Mr. Black ana
the principals ought to know that e"ory
year School Boards are beset with appli
cants in such numbers and to such a tie •
gree as to make them feel like hiding
themselves away from home to avoifl
meeting applicants only to say "We have
no place for you." Nor can these wor
thy educators claim that the unsuccess
ful candidates for teachers' positions are
unfit for the places. On the contrary,
they are oftentimes more competent
than those now occupying the position-?.
Now either Mr. Black and the princi
pals or the people who employ teacher 3
are v.holly ignorant of the fao"s in the
case In the light of the taxpayer and
of the School Trustee I believe that
there are now too many Normal Schools
and too many teachers. If the Normal
Schools made only good teachers they
would still have capacity to sup^iy more
than are required. For almos*. every
place in the business world there are two
persons who could fill it. and for every
vacancy there are a hundred applicants.
Do the people of the State want to bur
den themselves with additional taxes, to
throw more and more people into the
ranks of a profession already very much
overcrowded?
It is all very well for a man to be en
thusiastic in his profession and want to
establish more Normals, but we have
heard so much of it of late that to School
Boards at least it is becoming slightly
nauseating, and the only thing that will
cure the nausea is to hear no more of it
or hear from Mr. Black some facts to
convince us that the stand he has taken
is based on reasonable and sufficient
grounds. It is one thing to make an as
sertion and quite another to establish its
harmony with the facts in the case
Do we need more teachers? No. most
certainly not. Then we surely do not
need more Normal Schools except it be
to create positions for the teachers al
ready out of employment. Yours respect
fully. S. H. STRILE.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
EUCHRE— S.. City. In a four-handed
game of euchre if the dealer turns down
the trump the next player can make it
though he may not have a trump In his
hand.
TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECE— Mrs. A.
T., Santa Cruz. Cal. Dealers in old coins
do not offer a premium on a $20 piece of
ISSI nor on one of 1850, but they offer such
at an advance of from $5 to $10.
SEATTLE PAPERS— J. A., City. The
daily papers published in Seattle are the
Times and the Post-Intelligencer. There
is also published there a commercial pa
per called the Bulletin.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townaend's."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
When Queen Victoria has meals alone
she is entirely waited on by her Indian
servants, with whom she is able to talk
in their own language. One of these,
Munski Abdul Kareera, has been in her
service ten years, and instructed her in
his native language.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup **
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, *65: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street. San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mana
ger, Hotel del Coronado, late o£ Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
"I wish you would give up taking that
drug, my man," said the Philadelphia
preacher to a neighbor.
"But I have to take it to make me
sleep."
"Nonsense! Come around and hear me
preach some nipht."— Yonkors Statesman.
NEW TO-DAY.
Nature makes the cures
after all.
Now and then she gets
into a tight place and needs
helping out.
Things get started in the
wrong direction.
Something is needed to
check disease and start the
system in the right direction
toward health.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with hypophos-
phites can do just this.
It strengthens the nerves,
feeds famished tissues, and
makes rich blood.
50c. and $1.00 ; all dnjg 3 tst».
SCOTT & BOWNE. Cheuustt. Kew YodtPAINTED THESPIANS FLY
FROM BLAZING SCENES
AND SMOKING RAFTERS
jFire in the Columbia Theater Destroys
Property Valued at Twenty-Five
Thousand Dollars.
A Few Minutes More and |
the Audience Would
Have Assembled.
. A Bad Scare for the Members
of the "Gay Coney Island"
Company.
GOTTLOB'S COOL HEAD.
He Dismissed the People Because
"One of the Leading Actors
Was Sick."
It was but the providential interven
tion of time — and very short time at
that — that saves the recording this
morning of a calamity the very thought
of which causes a shudder.
Fire started in the Columbia Theater
20 minutes before 8 o'clock last evening,
and within five minutes the whole audi
torium was filled with dense, suffocating
s-moke.
Had it been half an hour later there
would have been a thousand or more
■men and women struggling in mad
panic in their efforts to escape almost
certain deatli and to-day San Francisco
would have been a city of mourning.
■ With the acrid, poisonous gases pour
■ ing in densr volumes from the burning
wood work it is marvelous that the few
who were in the building were not
asphyxiated, and what would have oc
curred with the theater filled with a
large audience can only be left to spec
ulation, with the grateful feeling that a
merciful dispensation of providence
stood between the people and an awful
calamity.
While the managers of the theater
have suffered a great financial loss, they
and the people have reasons for con
gratulation in that there was neither the
lo=> of life nor physical suffering which
wou'.u have been entailed had there
beeii a short delay in the time of the
conflagration.
But there is a gay as well as a grave
side to this casualty, and what might
have been a public calamity now affords
food for jest with Matthews and Bul
ger as the butts of the pleasantries.
These gentlemen were in grotesque
costumes ready to go on the stage
when the alarm was given and they
rushed madly forth to meet the jeers
'and jokes of their friends, as they pre
sented the contrast of frightened se
riousness garbed in the ludicrous hab
iliment 5 ; of mirth.
The blaze started on the top floor of
the building, which is used as a lodg
ing-house, and. according to Captain
Comstoek of the underwriters, it was
caused by an electric wire.
About twenty minutes before 8 o'clock
one of the performers connected with
the "Gay Coney Island" show, which
■was on the boards at the Columbia,
'<»d smoke in his dressing-room.
H* 3 at once summoned the other mera-
;• bers of the company, and, after a hur
■ ried consultation, they sent for Fred
. . .■ Meyer, the janitor. As he Jumped upon
'"■.. the stage he detected the smell of
emflke, and, convinced that a fire was
• : . ; in progress, he rushed to the ticket of
• (ice and notified Mr. Gottlob. Leisurely
: ■walking down the main aisle so as not
t" frighten the Gew people who were
the gallery, he ascended to
. the Stage, and. in a quiet voice, he told
them thai as one of the actors had
been taken suddenly sick, the perform-
■ ance would not go on. He asked them
a? they passed out to pro to the box of
iice. where Uie money they had paid
for tickets would be refunded. A3 they
••'filed '>ut of the theater Gottlob ordered
:'■:.. the fire curtain rung down.
' ■'■• By this time the theater ■was filled
P..-....' NEW TO-DAY.
The new year brings with
It man}' new businesses and I
;' desk-wants for somebody to
fill.
• . We're ready.
' : " Never had so many before,
..■• nor so good, nor so easy to
: : - :- b"uy. ■ -\* ■■''_'.*■£;
i-"/- $22.50 for one like picture.
{'■'; Solid oak, polished; combination I
•.-lock; plenty of pigeon-holes and |
,• • .-.Orawer room.
-•• : Office chairs, too.
y : -; Drop us a line and we'll
mail you 63 pages of pic-
° tures, prices and facts about
office desks.
h' California Furniture
= . * Company
: (N. P. COLE & CO.) Carpets
°;; Geary SL Uauian
with smoke, and an alarm of fire was
sent in from box 47. Scarcely had the
district engines reached the scene
when Chief Sullivan, fearing that the
building would be destroyed, turned in
a second alarm. The entire roof was
ablaze, and for a time the flames
threatened to communicate to the ad
joining buildings. Armed with axes
the firemen entered the building and
vainly endeavored to chop away the
burning roof. Realising that a con
flagration was imminent. Chief Sulli
van ordered the water tower truck to
take up a position in front of the the
ater. The Immense stream from the
tower was then brought into play, and
in a short time the blaze was extin
guished.
Captain Comstock estimates the loss
at about $25,000, principally due to
water. The water from the tower
streamed through the roof, destroying
the furniture In the lodging house,
damaging the chairs in the theater and
playing sad havoc with the fixtures and
bar of the Auditorium saloon, which is
adjoining the theater.
The losses as estimated by Captain
Comstock are as follows:
Damage to the lodging house by fire
and water, $3000.
Damage to the Auditorium saloon,
$5000.
Damage to the theater by fire and
water, $10,000.
Damage to the building by fire and
water, $8000.
The people connected with the the
ater deny that the building caught fire
from an electric wire. They strongly
believe that it was due to a defective
flue between the Columbia building
and the St. Ann's building, which ad
joins it on the south.
After the firemen entered the thea
ter they discovered a volume of smoke
pouring through the south wall of the
THE WATER TOWER AT WORK ON THE FIRE.
-IREMEN AT WORK IN THE GALLERY
gallery. Cutting away a portion of the
wall, they discovered the cause of the
smoke. The fire had crept along the
wall of the theater and was eating its
way to the gallery. After covering the
furniture of the theater with tarpau
lins, Chief Sullivan ordered his men
to cut away the portion of the w;tl!
which was on fire. A hose was then
run into the theater and a stream
played on the burning embers.
When the first cry of lire was raised
there was considerable excitement be
hind the scenes. The performers were
"making up" for their various parts in
their respective dressing rooms. When
the smoke was discovered the women
members of the company became
alarmed and started to leave, unmind
ful of their stage costumes.
One of them in her haste to escape
from the burning building ran out, her
stage wig tightly clutched in one hand
and a powder rag in the other..
The men remained perfectly cool,
and greatly assisted the women in
moving their effects to a place of
safety. .
THE SAX YJI AXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
Fred Meyer, the janitor, says he was
walking down the main aisle of the
theater when he detected the smell of
smoke.
"Realizing that something WM
wrong," he said, when relating his ex
perience after the flames were extin
guished, "I jumped on the stai:<j and
entered the wings." The members of
the company had also discovered the
smoke, and Bfceined to be alarmed evec
it. I told them not to get excited,
and leaving the stage I informed Mr.
Gottlob. There were not many people
in the audience, as it was two early
to put in an appearance. Mr. Gottlob
made a nice speech to the few people
who were present, in which he said
that one of the members of the com
pany was sick, and for that reason
there would be no performance. They
then filed out of the theater, and it
was not until the alarm was rung in
and the engines rattled up to the
building that it dawned upon them
that a fire was in progress.
"After they had lift 1 went upstairs
to see if I could discover the cause of
the smoke. After considerable trouble
I discovered the blase between the two
walls. I quickly got a bucket of water,
but finding efforts useless I ordered one
of the men who was with me to turn
in the fire alarm.
"I am firmly convinced that the fire
was due to a flue which is situated on
the south wall of the building. As soon
as I saw that a serious fire was im
minent I aroused the roomers in the
lodging-house and told them of their
danger. Some of the women ran from
the house without stopping to take
their personal property. one young
woman was en deshabille when I in
formed her of the tire, and notwith
standing my protest she started to
leave. A friend, who also .roomed in
the house, promptly seized her and
forced her to don her clothes."
Andrew Wood, one of the proprietors
of the Auditorium saloon, was one of
the first to discover the' fire. He was
standing in his saloon when he noticed
smoke arising from a "dummy" waiter
which is in the rear of the place.
t"It "I first thought that the smoke whs
coming from the restaurant under
neath," he said last night, "but as it
seemed to grow in volume I concluded
to make an investigation. Looking up
the chute through which the 'dummy
waiter* runs I was nearly evercome by
smoke. Hushing up stairs I saw that
the building was on fire and raised an
alarm. Fortunately the flames did
not reach the saloon, but we no doubt
had a narrow escape. The water from
the tower poured into the saloon, and
despite the us« of tarpaulins, created
sad havoc. The damage done by the
water, however, is fully covered by in
surance."
It is said that there were forty room
ers in the lodging house, who were
damaged from $25 to $100 each.
This will increase the total loss to
about $28,000 or $30,000.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Company
have arranged to transfer all their
cemißg Columbia Theater attractions
to the California Theater until the
former house is entirely repaired. "At
day Coney Island," which has been
playing at the Columbia, will open at
the California Theater on Saturday
night. A special matinee will be given
on Sunday afternoon and a fin.il per
formance on Sunday night. The en
tire scenery, costumes, etc., have been
saved. Nellie McHenry, in "A Night
in New York." will open at the Cali
fornia Theater Monday. Those per
sons holding seats for the remaining
performances of "At Gay Coney
Island" at the Columbia can have their
money refunded or seats exchanged
for the California.
For a time the building seemed like
an island in itself as the water poured
down from above, and a scene could
hardly be described which would be
more realistic of a theatrical company
on a wet day. When the smoke was
first seen by the members of the
troupe the men rushed heroically to the
assistance of the ladies, but in the long
run they had to help the male members
pack their grips and give them well
timed advice as to the amount of time
i they would have In leaving the build
ing.
Mathews, who takes the part of
Payne in the performance and is sup
posed to take things easy, swallowed
smoke, which pained him, and he did
not carry out his part, but took things
uneasily. Harry Bulger dropped his
plumbing set in the .Iressing-room and
followed. At this point the ladies were
thought of, ;iikl Mathews returned, but
r would not budge from the front
do. >r. which he had reached in safety.
All performers in the piece forgot
their lines and reversed the part they
take before the footlights, with the ex
ception of Thomas Brans, who shaves
all those who will Ptnnd It nightly. He
had his raz<>r with him, and it came in
v •»■>• handy, procuring an opening in
the crowd which had gathered. Mark
Hart, wh<> is "an arm of the law," was
sent out of the dead line hy an officer,
and R-isil Booth went In search of a
tonic.
Mnrie Toughey. who is supposed to
be not old enough to know, took the
hint and moved, but Clarence King, the
undertaker, remained behind to see if
there were any fatal accidents. That
was poartbty from a desire to see his
fellow members get out in safety. The
flames could then be seen, and Harold
Montrose concluded that it was "his
move." Jane Whitbeck knew her place,
but wouldn't keep it, and Josie de
Witt, who is supposed to have money
to burn but no matches, was glnd of it.
Then came the members of the "Dra
matic School" and a "cornucopia of
t^rpsichorean confections," all huddled
togetner, which made their part seem
exceedingly realistic. The sign on the
bills, "Just tell them that you saw us."
wan uttered .'md the cornucopia dis
appearr-d in search of a dry place.
Last but not least came J. Schwartz
with a drum in one hand and a trunk
on his back, closely followed by friends
and admirers. All members of the
troupe and many of the audience
agree that Oottlob's speech was a
masterpiece so far as the rapidity of
execution was concerned.
The tale in brief which is told in the
programmes was not altogether car
ried out, but some portions were very
truthful. The first said, "Some things
happen that lead one to believe that
more things are likely to occur." Now
people wonder what next. The sec
ond, "You are induced to remain to
see the fulfillment of your anticipations
in act 3," was not heeded, and in act 3
before the final curtain. "L«»nve the
theater if you dare," was mocked at
by audience and performers alik.\
It is estimated that Friedlander,
Oottlob & Co. will lose $XOOO through
the firr-. There was an insurance of
$2000 on some small articles of furni
ture, which were destroyed. All those
who had seats for last evening's per
formance will be able to prorur» the
money paid out by calling at the Cali
fornia Theater Saturday evening.
Harry Oppenheimer. an advertising
man, helped materially in removing
the bric-a-brac from the theater, and
it was principally through his efforts
that all the fine ware was saved. The
stage hands removed every particle
of the scenery to the lpne in rear of
tho theater, but in the hurry of re
moving it some of It got destroyed.
COMITY AMONG
POLICE JUDGES
Meeting Has 'Been Called
to Adopt a Code of
Rules.
Presiding Judge Campbell De
sires Certain Evils Discussed
and Remedied.
One of the Most Important Will Be
the Acceptance of Bunds in
Appeal Cases.
Judge Campboll, as presiding judge
of the police courts, has called a meet
ing for to-morrow afternoon at which
the prosecuting attorneys of the four
courts will be asked to be present.
The object of the meeting is to agree
upon a code of rules of procedure, such
as is in existence in the Superior
courts. Hitherto from Jealousy, indif
ference or some other cause, there has
always been a lack of harmony among
the police Judges and it is thought the
time has arrived when an end should
be put to such an unsatisfactory state
of affairs. Hence the meeting to-mor
row afternoon.
The recent trouble between Judges
Low and Campbell over the Sidney
Kellett bond, which was taken into the
Supreme Court, has had much to do
with the calling of the meeting. One
of the rules will be that no appeal bond
shall be accepted except by the com
mitting Judge, and it is possible that
the rule will go even further and in
clude bonds for the release of prisoners
held to answer before the Superior
courts and bonds to be accepted for
the release of prisoners arrested on
warrants issued from a particular
court. At least this will be suggested,
and if adopted will remedy a cause for
many annoyances.
In support of the ruie it is pointed
out that the Judge holding a prisoner
or issuing a warrant of arrest is fa
miliar with the facts and cannot be,
therefore, imposed upon by false rep
resentations, as has been too often the
case.
Another suggestion, and a very
proper one, is that one judge with his
warrant clerk shall b» on duty every
afternoon, Sundays excepted, for issu
ing warrants and attending to other
matters that may crop up. The courts
are often closed for the day by noon,
and people anxious to get a warrant
are compelled to wait till the next day,
which has often entailed considerable
annoyance and the escape of the per
son sought to be arrested. Judge
Joachimsen has for some months re
mained in his chambers every fourth
week till 4 o'clock in the afternoon
along with Assistant Prosecuting At
torney Drury for this purpose, and it
has proved beneficial in many ways.
Jud^e Conlan did not attend the
meeting Wednesday when Judge
Campbell was appointed presiding
Judge, as there was a difference of
opinion between him and Judge Camp
bell over the appointment of a French
interpreter to the courts, but it is
thought that will not keep him from
attending the meeting to-morrow in
view of the Important matters to be
discussed.
BODY WAS NOT DISSECTED.
J. B. Wilson Bequeaths r|is Body
to a Physician and Then
Outlives rjin).
The last will of J. B. Wilson was
filed for probate yesterday, but it is
certain that one of the grewsome
wishes of the testator will not be ful
filled. The will was written and signed
by the decedent many years ago. In it
he bequeathed his body to Dr. Weldon,
who resided in life at 2352 Mission
street, for dissecting purposes, but re
quested that his boners bo cremated af
ter the scalpel had stripped thenj of
flesh. Four years ago, however, the
physician to whom Wilson bequeathed
his body died. In consequence the tes
tator's remains were Interred without
being disiigured.
In the following paragraph of the
will Wilson gives his son, James Rae
Wilson, $100, and his granddaughter
$300. The balance of the decedent's es
tate is bequeathed George H. Wilson,
his eldest son.
"I Do Nothing
For my cold ; let it wear itself
out," you say. It is more likely to
wear you out unless you make
haste to free yourself from its
clutches. This is a month when a
cold is a mighty power for mis-
chief. Spare yourself weeks of
misery and danger by prompt
use of
i Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey,
the famous medicinal stimulant.
Why it is famous you will see for
yourself when it has stopped your
cough and ended the stiffness in
your back and limbs. It will
make you feel like your old self
and you will not begin to cough
every time a door or window is
opened near you.
Sold by Druggists and Grocer-*.
Consumption, Coughs, Colds, Bron'
chit is, Debility, Wasting Diseases,
Asthma, Influenza, Scrofulous
Humors, etc., etc '
Physicians :.r*.«eribo ' it. . All (lruggtsti nfli it.
Air JorWILBOK'S and lake i oocner.
f. *: NEW TO-DAY.
AN OPEN LETTER
To MOTHERS. '
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD '» CASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now —0 on every
bear the facsimile signature of Ova/^xfy£&&U wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has 'been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have a/ways bought /r^ .^ -on tha
and has the signature of Cd*&%/%£j&bc wrap*
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher it
President. .
March 8, 1897. q£*~~/. &K£*~**.&
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you '
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know. '
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Ton.'
TH« CINTkUI OOMMHV* TT MV*I*AY tTfIiCT, HEW TOMB O1T«.
THE TEST OF TIME.
The treatment of the English and German
Expert Specialists, 731 Market Street, for
Chronic Diseases cures not for a week, not
for month, but for all time.
To demonstrate our superior methods we will
CATARRH
0C PER MONTH 0C
VU MEDICINES FREE. UW
"WE CURB
Asthma, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Neuralgia. Heart
Disease. Dyspepsia, Eye Diseases, Skin Dis-
eases, Rheumatism, Malaria, Nervous Dis-
eases. Kidney Diseases. Bladder Dlleases. In-
; eomnia. Hysteria. Dysentery. Paralysis. Rick-
ets. Scrofula.- Consumption. Liver Disease,
Dleeate of the Bowels, Sciatica, Tumors and
Deformities. Spinal Disease, Rupture, and all
Chronic and Private Diseases.
Send for FREE BOOK and Symptom Blank.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
(Incorporated for $2oO,UOO),
Masters of Chronic Diseases,
731 market STREET.
Hours, S-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 8-11.
Phone Green 601.
CONSULTATION ALWAYS FREE.
1 PERFECTION.:, PREVAILS
! CUISINE? SERVICE !
* —IN THE— *
% LADIES' GRILL*
! X* PALACE. %
• Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
*#*-s#*###*#-#***##-x*-::- •»■•#*■***■*»
MONEY CAN BE HAD
For Building Purposes from either
The Fidelity, Empire, Mechanics 1 or California
Mutual Building ana Loan Associations
ON VERY FAVORABLE TERMS.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, Secretary,
' x 205 Sansome Street.
WEAK MEN m / UREb FREE
THE PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE,
1907 .Masonic Temple. Chicago. 111. .
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING FROM MONDAY, Dec. 27,
• to SATURDAY, Jan. 8, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. 7
S. P. R. R. Trains 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. Dally.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
i lencia street. Returning Immediately after
the races. .
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes,, direct to the track, without
change. Fillmore-street cars transfer each
way.
8. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
THE CHUTES AND FREE THEATER
Every Afternoon and Evening
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
Clever Comedy, Mirth and Music I
SPEClAL!— Beginning Sunday Next,
OHIQUITA!
Cuba's Atom! The Smallest Woman on Earth!
Admission and performance,' 10c: children. 5o
ORFROIM O'FARRELL STREET,
UDCnUIN ' Near Stockton,
brand Concert Every X veiling by
CARL . MARTENS
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
osa/ciwi/n> cjftcalre
ffiIECLANCtf? GOTTIOB a C 9 ussik&i-iamm**
—LAST THREE PERFORMANCES—
MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
In Bronson Howard's Masterpiece,
"THE HBNRIE3TTA."
EXTRA— ARRIVES Next Monday Night.
WILLIE COLLIER,
The quaint comedian, In the year's farcical hit,
"MAN FROM MEXICO." Company includes
Louise Allen, Maclyn Arbuokle, Dan Mason,
Violet Rand. etc.
And the Seats Are in Great Demand.
EXTRA ! _
Pending the necessary repairs at the Columbia
Theater, a transfer of the attractions will bo
made to the
fRIfOLANDER OOTTiOB 6C bnuutin
SATURDAY NIGHT.
SPECIAL! i^Matinee Sunday
SUNDAY NIGHT.
LAST 3 TIMES— Wizards of Fun,
MATHEWS & BULiQER,
In the Farce-Comedy Triumph,
AT GAY CONEY ISLAND!
Next Monday— Everybody's favorite comedienne
JOLLY NELLIE Me HENRY,
In the enchanting, effervescent Lyrical Comedy,
"A NIGHT IN NEW YORK!"
Absolutely the funniest farce ever constructed.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT and Matinee Saturday— Times
VILLA WHITNEY WHITE
In her successful song and lecture, recitals,
German folk song, ballads and romances, with
explanatory talks. Prices— soc, Tic, and $1.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kheling, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVEisrrtrca-.
THE SEASON'S TRIUMPH
Our Holiday Spectacle.
"MOTHER GOOSE."
3— GRAND BAIiLETS— 3
Lots of Singing, Dancing and Specialties.
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
| NEXT WEEK-"A SECOND EDITION!"
Seats on Sale One Week in Advance.
Popular Prices 25c aQd 50c
A. GRAND SUCCESS!
The Legitimate Star, PATRICE,
Supported by. ALF. HAMPTON and J. P
I WHITBECK: FAR.NVM BROS., America*
| Acrobats: KITTY MITCHELL. Winsome Sou-
| brette: FRED BROWN, Rag-Time Dancer;
ELINORE SISTERS, Character Artists;
MLLE. ROMBELLO. Sand Paintress; MUSI-
CAL DALE, Campanologist.
BALLET SPECTACLE.
Reserved seat*, C"c; . Balcony, 10c; Opera
I Chairs and Box seats, 50c.
ALCAZAR- '*,£%,
T ACT I Belauco and Fyles' American
Ly.f-i.kJ 1 Drama,
THREE "THE GIRL I LEFT
NIGHTS. I BEHIND MEI"
LAST MATIN TO-MORROW '
Seats by 'Phone— Main 251.
■ . . ~. . .'■--•■ •--•■
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Initial Production of the Great Racing Drama,
"THE DISTRICT. FAIR."
With Types of New England Farm Life.
The Fire Scene.
The Race Track at the District Fair.
The Great Race Scene With Blooded Race
Horses. - ~ < :.
—A GREAT EASTERN SUCCESS—
Evening Prices: 10c, 25c and 50c. Matinees
Saturday and Sunday.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
j ■ The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Friday and Sunday nights. January 7 and 3,
! "ALEXANDRE." the Kronprintr of Jerusa-
lem. Music by Professor Minkofsky. Box of-
fice open dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster sta.
LANE LECTURES
FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 7.
DR. L. C. LANE,
" TR-AJSrSFTJSIOfT."
ADMISSION FREE.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
Stakes Doubled!— — Gigantic Entry!
TWO DAYS OF SULTRY SPORT. •>,
SATURDAY, 1 P. M.-Raln or Shin*.
SUNDAY, 11 A. M.';
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
P..ver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Oats. Corn and live 'unchanged.
Beans dull.
Hay easier, but no lower.
Plight changes In Vegetables.
Putter and Ekks weaker.
Poultry- rules firm. Game weak.
Apples and Oranges In large supply.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Hops rather firmer.
Hogs firm and in light supply.
Shipment of $413,10S to China.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local customs collections during 1597 were
$5,061,603, against J5,059.500 for 1596.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of $413.
10S consisting of $296,233 In Mexican dollars.
$776 In gold coin. $500 In gold dust and $115,600
in silver bullion. _
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount if rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hunciredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pref surf, isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind "high" means high
barometic pressure and is usually accompanied
with fair v.eather; "low" refers to low pres-
Fure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear c:i the Washington coast. When
the pressure ts hiph in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south alms the coast, rain is probable:
but when the ••) ,w" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "hieh" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
iri summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
THE WEATHER BUREAU.
(320 th lferidian— Pacific Tim.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 6. 6 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.41 .... 22.15
Red Bluff 0.16 6.22 11.46
Sacramento 0.40 4.62 6.49
Pan Francisco 0.32 4.32 11.10
Fresno Trace. 1.99 4.11
Pan Luis Oblspo 0.06 1.64 7.74
Los Angeles 0 2.56 5.11
San Diego 0 1.75 4.26
Yuma •. 0 0.59 1.9S
San Francisco data: Maximum 51, mini
mum 47. mean 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
~ There has been a decided fall In pressure
over the Rocky Mountain region during the
past twenty-four hours. Over Utah the pres
sure has fallen half an inch. An area of high
pressure impinges, on the coast of Oregon and
Northern California.
The temperature has fallen over Northern
Nevada and Northeastern California. It has
risen over Utah.
Rain has fallen generally on the Pacific
Slope north of San Luis Obispo.
Snow has fallen in Nevada. Eastern Oregon
and Idaho.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty-two
miles per hour from the southwest is resorted
at Carson City.
Forecasts made at .San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 7. IS9S
Northern California— Rain early Friday
morning: cloudy Friday; southeasterly chang
ing to northwesterly wind.
Southern California— Showers early Friday
morning-: cloudy Friday; northwesterly winds
Nevada— Snow Friday.
Utah— Snow Friday: " decidedly colder
Arizona— Showers Friday; snow In northern
portion: colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday
fresh northwesterly winds. ' '
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. Fog; wind northeast: 24 miles
temperature 44; maximum 4«: rainfall. 055 of
an Inch. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Tan. 6.-To-day B stork market
was broad, animated and strong throughout
and gains were maintained with only lnslgnlfll
cant reactions at a few intervals. The buying
was on a very large sr-ale and was aggressive
end confident. A number of operators were In
the movement and the combined takings made
up a large share of the total transactions of
tne day. But there was manifest an outside
Interest in the market which was awakened by
yesterday's strength and the commission house
business on a fairly large- gcale. The Invest
ment demand for safe dividend payment stocks
and the heavy buying of bunds were also evi
tenoefl of an Infusion of new life into the mar
ket. It is likely that these df-alings were due
to the larg-e amounts made available for In
vestment by the January dividend and interest
disbursements--. Most of the dealings were pro
fessional, nevertheless, and they seemed to
have been Incited by the very confident expres
sions of one of tli« largest and most dashing
operators in the market, who was in large part
thp I«>adPr of last summer's rise.
Some, of the most notable gains were achieved
early In the day and wer» quite firmly held
throughout, even in the face of very laree
transactions. There was suggestion of realiz
ing in this, but all offerings were well ab
sorbed. The closing was only slightly below
the best and showed net gains of between 1
and 2 points for nearly all active stocks. Prices
for American securities were good in London
and In sßUrope to-day and gave an Impetus to
the rise at the opening here, the International
FU.cks being the first to advance. Continued
(strength in Sugar also helped to sustain the
market.
The prevailing tightnpss of money showed the
first decisive tendency toward easing rates to
day, and while most loans were made at 34
per cent the rate yield. -d to I per cent and
closed at that. There was a bptter demand re
ported also for commercial paper, though not
sufficient to cause a yielding of the rate which
continued at 3'^ to 4 per c»nt for choice grades.
There was some outstanding short interest In
the market, and the covering of this helped on
the rise.
The bond market was even more active and
stronger than stocks, and sortie notable gains
were scored. Total Bales, 15,099,000.
Government bonds were V« higher all around.
Total sales of stock to-day, 39?, 800, Including:
Atchison preferred 9865, Chesapeake and Ohio
4211. Burlington Ifi.rtlO. Louisville and Nash
ville 4435, Manhattan 25,220, Metropolitan Street
Railway C'jr.O, Missouri Pacific EMQ, Now Jer
sey Central 566."i, New York Central 11,725,
Northern Pacific 4540. Northern Pacific pre
ferred 22.252, Ontario and Western 3355, Read
ing 12,320, Rock Island P2OB, St. Paul 26,095,
Southern Railroad preferred 3285, Union Pa
cific 24,425, Chicago Great Western 8050, Peo
ple's Gas 618", Laclede Gas 4116, Sugar 41,950,
Western Union MR.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram: The stock
market? here were good to-day and fairly ac
tive, chiefly in the speculative departments,
where the features were the boom in Grand
Trunks and Canadian Pacifies.
Americans were also good and closed at the
best. There is more interest here, but little
business. Berlin, however. Is buying Canada
Pacifies and Americans freely. New York
Central rose sharply at the close on the publi
cation of the funding scheme.
A feature to-day was the great tightness
of money In India.
Reports Bay that the stringency was partly
artificially produced by the Presidency Banks
declining to lend, and so forcing up ex
change and making gold shipments probable.
Such Is not the case. The stringency Is real,
and a further rise In the bank rate is proba
ble. The Indian Council sold to-day twenty
lakhs of rupees In telegraphic transfers at
rates ranging up to I6d.
I am told privately that half a million in
gold may go from the Bank of England to
Argentina. This will steady money rates
here. • -v
To-day's gold exports have caused a firmer
tone on the local money market, which has
prevented discount houses from lowering de
posit rates.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13 St P 4 Ozn 77
Do pref 30 i Do pref 148
Bait & Ohio .... 14 ISt P M & M .... 121
Can Pacific 54% So Pacific 20%
Can Southern .. 62? ISo Railway 9
Cent Pac 11 : Do pref 31%
Ches & Ohio 22% Tex & Pac 11%
Chi & Alton 162 I Union Pac 27%
C B & Q 100% U P D & G T%
Chi & E 111 524 ' Wabash 7%
C C C & St L.... 35 Do pref IS%
Do pref 77 (Wheel & L E.... 2
Del & Hudson .. 11241 Do pref 8%
Del L & W 154 I Express Companies —
Den & R G Hi* Adams El 159
Do pref 46% I American Ex ... 115
Erie (new) I4"i 'United States .... 40 ■
Do Ist pref .... 39 Wells Fargo .... 110
Ft Wayne ]»;, Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref .... 130 A Cot Oil 22
Hocking Val 6% i Do pref 75
Illinois Cent 104%'Ainn Spirits 8
Lake Erie & W.. 164 I Do pref IS%
Do pref 714 Am Tobacco .... 90%
Lake Shore 172*» Do pref 115%
Louis & Nash .. 66 People's Gas .... 96%
Manhattan L .... 112 Cons Gas 177
Met St Ry 112 Com Cab Co .1784
Mich Cent 101 Col F & 1........ 25%
Minn & St L.... 25% Do pref 75
Do Ist pref .... 85 Gen Elec 34%
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel .... 43
Mob & Ohio .... 30 Laclade Gas 45%
Mo X & T 12., Lead 37%
Do pref 86 | Do pref 106%
Chi Ind & L.... 8% Nat Lin Oil .... 17
Do pref 29 Or Imp Co 19
N J Cent 97% Pacific Mall ~— # JO*;
N V Cent 108% tollman Pal .... 1724 !
N V Chi & St L.. 13% Silver Cert 67%
Do Ist pref .... 65 rtan RAT .... I
» Do id pref .... 8314 Sugar 1434
Nur West 14 Do pref 115
No Amer Co .... 4% T C & Iron 26%
No Pacific 21% U S Leather .... 7
Do pref 604 Do pref 64
Ontario & W 16% :u S Rubber .... lfi
Or R & Nay .... 36 I Do pref 63% ]
Or Short Line .. 20% ! West Union .... 91%
Plttsburg 16S Chi & N W 122%
Reading 23% Do pref 164%
Rock Island 90 ; St L * S W... 4
6t L & S F 74' Do pref M
Do Ist pref .... 67% R G W 22
Do 2d pref .... 26"i ' Do pref CO%
St Paul 95% Chi G W... 154
Do prei. 143H Haw Com C 0.... 2SV»
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 12S*i N V Cent Ists.... 1154
Do coup 12S\ N J C 5s 110%
XT S 4s 112% N Carolina 6s .. 125
Do coup ........ 113% Do 4s 101
Do 2ds 994 No Pao lets .... 117
D Sss reg 114\» Do 3s 61%
Do Sa coup 114*4 Do 4s 964
Dlst 3 65s 109% N V C 4 S L 4s. 106%
Ala class A .... 107 Nor & W6s 123
Do B 107 iNorthwstrn cons. 1444
Do C 100 Do deb 5s 117%
Do Currency . . 100 O Nay Ists 11!%
Atchlson 4s 90% O Nay 4s M
Do adj 4s 58% JO S Line 6s tr.. 124%
Can So 2ds 10S%IO B Line 5s tr.. 96* i
Chi Term S4 S O Imp lsts tr.... 1034
C & Ohio 5s 114 Do 5s tr 45%
<■ II & D 445.... 104% Pacific Cs of 95.. 103%
D & R G Ist? 108% i Reading 4s 84%
D&R G4s 90 R G W Ists .... 82%
Fast Term lsts .. m £L& IM C 55.. SS%
Erie Gen 4s 71 IS L & SF G 65.. 117%
F W & D lsts tr. 714 St P Con 139 V.
Gen Elec 5s .... 100% St P C & P lsts.. 113%"
G H & S A 65.... 105 I Do Es 116 -
Do 2<ls 100 S Carolina non-f. %
H & T C 5s 1094 So Ry 5s 92%
Do con 6s 105 " Stan R & T 65... 68
lowa C IMS 9514 Term new set Ss. S«
Kan P Con tr .. 83% T P L G Ists.... 43%
X P Ist D tr.... 10S Wab Ist 5s M
La new cons 45.. 100 i Do 2ds ........ 814
L & N Uni 45.... 85% W Shore 4s 109%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 6 ( ?4
MX & T 2ds .... 63% Do deferred .. 3>i
• Do 4s M*4
MINING STOCKS. .
Chollar 30 Ontario J 50
Crown Point .... 23 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va.... 115 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 1 10 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 33 ' Do pref- 900
Hale & Norcrs — 1 30 Sierra Nevada .. 62
Momesta«.e 37 00 Standard »... 145
Iron Silver 35 Union Con IS
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket .. 35
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Jan. «.— Atchison. 134; Burlington.
1004; Mexican Central. 6^; Oregon Short Line.
20.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
XEVT YORK. Jan. 6— FLOUR— Receipts. 13.
771 barrels. Opened dull and easy, but rallied
later with Wheat.
■WHEAT— Receipts, 76.775 bushels; export*.
129,933 bushels. Spot firm: No. 2 red, $1 00%.
Options opened weak on cables, declined under
liquidations, short selling: and scarcity of buy
ing orders, but finally rallied very sharply on
covering due to stronger late Antwerp cables
and good export demand, closing i®?ic net
higher on near and %@%c lower on distant
months. No. 2 red, January, 97 l-16@97T»c
closed 9756 c: May. 91 11-165*9240, closed 924 c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PlGlßON— Warrants dull at M 65®€ 75.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged; $10 65011.
TlN— Quiet at $18 75-513 K.
SPELTER-Quiet at $3 NM
LEAD— Very dull at $3 65@3 724. The firm
that fixes the settling price for miners' and
smelters' rails the Lead market firm at $3 65.
COFFEE — Options closed steady with prices
5 points up to a decline of 5 points. Sales, 72.-.0
bags, including January. $.". 65; March, $5 750
5 SO. Spot Coffee— Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice. 6%c:
No. 7 Jobbing, 6 vie; mild, easy; Cordova, S%
@15c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4V*c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3100 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 21g22c; Elgins, 22c; factory,
12<@ 15c.
Receipts, 2021 packages. Quiet: State
and Pennsylvania, 21(&24c; Western, 20© 22c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6— California Dried Fruits
quiet, but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6®7c per
lb; prime wire tray, S'- 4 c; wood dried prime,
B»i@«4c; choice, SVs&%ic; fancy. 9&9Uc.
PRUNES— S<sßc j>er lh. as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 7@B4c per lb; Moorpark,
Mile.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@loc; peeled, 12520 C.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— News affecting wheat be
fore trading commenced was chiefly bearish
and that was clearly the effect It had upon
the speculators. May, which closed yesterday
at 90% c opened at from 90c down to 89\e. sold
very sparingly at 90®90Hc, and then slid off
quickly to 89>&c. For two hours the range of
the fluctuations were practically limited be
tween the extremes mentioned. The main
points of the early market Information was as
follows: Liverpool quoted a decline of l*4d to
start with, and the reason for it was in one
cablegram ascribed to liberal offerings of Ar
gentine wheat and In another to Thoman's re
port and export surplus of 100,000.000 still avail
able in this country. A private cablegram from
Paris said that the wheat was rapidly de
clining and the market was weak and de
pressed. The Price Current remarked of the
condition of winter wheat that it was gener
ally protected by snow. The only bullish fea
ture of the early news was the small Chicago
receipts, only 41 cars being received. The up
turn to the market was helped by liberal clear
ances from Atlantic ports, which In wheat and
flour amounted to , 660,000 bushels. New York
and Baltimore reported fresh business done
for export. Closing cables made Liverpool
latest prices from Id to 17£"11 7 £"l lower than those
of the previous day. Several local shorts
bought steadily for an hour, when the price
of May was between 89*1 and 90% c, and when
the general crowd, who were short, tried to
buy, they found the salable wheat had all been
absorbed. May closed 90%0 bid, or %c higher
than it did yesterday.
Corn was moderately active. May closed V4@
Vie higher.
Oats were firm throughout the session. May
closed %®>%c higher.
Provisions were weak all day, owing to
heavy receipts here and at Western points. At
the close May pork was 12c lower; May lard
T%C lower, and May ribs Ms lower.
- The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open; High. Low. Close
Wheat No. — I
January 89% i 90% 89% 90%,
May 90 90% 89% 90%
July 80% 81% 81 81%
Corn No. —
January 26% 26% 26% 26%
May 2874 29»« 28% 29%
July 29% 30% 29T» 30%
Oats No. 2— ."..--"
January .. 21 21% 21 21%
May ....:... 23 23% 23 23%
Mess pork, per bbl— "
January ........ '. ...;. ...... 9 05.
May 925 9 27^920922%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 4 77% 4 77% 4 72% 4 72U
May ,••••"•• 485 4 87% 4 82V4J4 82%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs. ■ • * ***
January 4 M
May 4 67% 4 67% 4 62% 4 62%
. Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
quiet. No. 8 spring wheat, W*@B7c; No. 2 red)
THE SAN FRAyCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, JANUARY 7, 1898.
: 90\iQ91c; No. 2 com. 26%'ff26%c; No. 2 oats,
22 V: No. 2 white, f. o. b., 24<g24%e; No. 3
white, f. o. b.. 23924 c: No. 2 rye. 44% c: No. 2
barley, f. o. b.. 25.'539 c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 170'
1 20%: prime timothy seed, $2 67'-j: mess pork,
per bbl.. $9 OnffT9 10; lard, per 100 lbs.. M It%;
i Bhort ribs sides (loose), $4 40Q4 70; dry salted
shoulders f boxed). $4 50$ 4 75; short clear sides
(boxed). U 75<?4 85; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal., $1 IS; sugars, cut loaf, 6.14 c;
granulated, 6.51 c.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, bbls 25,000 16.000
Wheat, bu 28.000 16.000
; Corn, bu 288,000 164.000
O.it* bu 341,000 451.000
Rye. bu 11.000 9,000
! Barley, bu 60.000 21.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 15(S~21c: dallies,
cheese quiet, B@S%c; eggs steady, fresh
22c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Recelpts.Shipments.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 236 880 R.tM
Duluth 66.3.17 10.000
Milwaukee 19.500 650
Chicago 28,268 16.019
Toledo 15,600 3.000
St. Louis 19,000 15.000
Detroit 663
Kansas City 23.000 105.500
Totals 40V.14S 177.189
TKITmUw
BOBtOB 2.621 fi-,.267
New York 7h 77".
! Philadelphia 11.603 122J586
1 Baltimore 3L.029
I New Orleans 65.790]
Totals 230,015
Liverpool Wheat Futures.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 65 6* 55
Closing 60 60 69 25
Flour-
Opening 2895 28 00
Closing 28 90 28 10
Pans Future*.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening T 3 1 , 71% 611 66%
Closing 73% 7 % 69%66
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. «.— CA' r TLE— Sales were on
the basis of $3 65i??4 25 for common to fair
dressed beef steers up to $4 75@5 60 for good
to fancy cattle, the bulk of the sales being at
Is 4 30(& 5. The stocker and feeder trade was
I only moderate, the demand being mostly for
! light-weight cattle, and prices were Bteady.
j Butchers' and canners' cattle were In active
; demand at strong prices, most of the cows
' ar.il heifers crossing the scales at $2 U)@2 90.
Calves sold well at $6@6 40 for choice to fancy
i and at $4 50@5 75 for commoner grades.
HOGS— The bulk of the day's sules were at
$3 52%ji3 57%, with early Bales of prime me
dium weights as high as $3 67%, while heavy
packers went for S3 40^3 67%. Pigs sold
I chiefly at $3 30<53 50. Late sales of packers I
I were largely at $3 60, and assorted butchers
sold at $3 60 and assorted light hogs at $3 55. ]
SHEEP— Trade in sheep and lambs was ac
tive at steady prices, inferior to prime sheep
being salable at $2 75@4 60. Western feed
fli<h-j> ionn>rif>ed the great bulk of the offer-
Ings and sold chiefly at J4 40. Lambs were In
active demand at $4®4 25 for Inferior to $5 70
©5 75 for choice, eales being chiefly at $50
6 60. with feeders wanted at $5@5 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 8000; hogs, 45.000; sheep, 12.
1 000.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 806.
Market steady to firm. Beef steers. $3 *O@i;
cows. $2<63 45; feeders, $3 50ig3 80; stockers,
, $3 25f4.
HOGS— Steady: demand easier to a shade
! lower. Receipts. 127. Light, packers. $3 40^
I 3 45: h-av- $3 Sfi&3 40: mixed. $3 $5@3 42%.
Hulk of sales. $3 40.
SHEEP— No receipts. Demand good for mut
tons and fat lambs. No quotations.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. «.— Receipt*.
j 5000. Dressed beef and export steers 5c higher;
i Western Cattle strong; atockera and feeders,
j steady; Western steers, $3 5004 40; native
! steers, $3 5064 90; native cows and heifers, $3
64 05: stockers and feeders. t2T(i 45.
HOGS— Receipts. 18.500. Market opened !%©
iße lower, closed stead'- to strong. Bulk of
, sales. $3 3503 474: heavies. $3 3C©3 E24; pack
ers. $3 25®3 63; mixed, $3 3003 65; lights, $3 350
i 8 45: porkers, $3 40&3 45; pigs. $3^3 274.
I SHEEP— Receipts. 2200. Market strong. Colo-
I rado yearlings. $3 75®4 GO; lambs, $4 75Q5 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. «.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1200.
Market 5-fflOo higher; native beef steers. $3 80@
4 80: Western steers. $3 5004 40; Texas steers.
tZ'SS 70: cows and heifers. 5303 90; canners, $2
©2 80; stockers and feeders. $3 TO"J?4 70; calves
J3 75G6: hulls and stags, $2 2503 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 11.000. Market steady.
Heavy. $3 3203 40; mixed. $3 35-^3 40; light. $3 43
m 52: bulk of sales. $3 35fj3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2500. Market steady: fair
to choice natives. $3 70@4 40; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 WVS4 25: common and stock sheep.
$3@3 80; lambs. $4@5 50.
NOKTIIERN WHEAT MARKET
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. The stagnation In
the local wheat market continues, while buy
ing is mainly confined to the mills, although
there Is pome demand for blue stem from other
sources, and the differential between that va
riety and Walla Walla has Increased slightly
A nominal quotation on Walla Walla is about
73c to 74c, while blue stem Is about 78c and
valley 77c per bushel.
Cleared— Br ship Annesley. Cape Town di
rect, £8,494 bushels blue stem wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 6.-Wheat No. 1 club.
72c; blue stem. He.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. l-Exchanges. $346 -
887; balances. $73,674.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— Consols. 112 15-16<8U1S4
112»/4Srll3; Silver. 264 d; French rentes, lO3f 35c0
103f 27% c. W
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 6— Quiet; cargoes
off coast, nothing doing, 3d lower; cargoes on
passage, quiet. 3d lower: English country mar
kets, quiet: French country markets, dull-
Wheat in Paris, dull: Flour In Paris, dull - '
COTTON— Uplands. 3 1-SM.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed, quiet. Ss 2%d #
i f S.^ vr M qU i et i J , a £? ary * 38 ™- February, *
l%d; March. 3s lttd.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Jan. To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows- Avail
able cash balance, J232.955,873; gold reserve
$161,029,305. * reserve.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ jx 03%,
Sterling Exchange, eight _ *J £-2
Sterling Cables m _ I rj' 4
New York Exchange, sight.....'.'!; — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — i7u.
Fine Silver, per ounce _ i-?
Mexican Dollars '..'.'.'.'.'. 47 47^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were lower and weak at
opening, but subsequently recovered. The spot
market was also lower and dull. The rain did
not extend very far Inland, and was light
along the coast, but even this was sufficient
to put a damper on the situation
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 409
1 41* for No. 1. $1 42% for choice and Jl 43%8
1 46% per ctl for extra choice for milling
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls .o'clock— May— 000
Ctl£ $1 36%; 8000. $1 26%; 4000. $1 37% Km
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 3774- 2000
$137%: 22,000. 1137%. ■-.*'. ZWQ '
Regular Morning May— l2.ooo ctls
ns%; 60,000. $187%; 38,000. $1374^12 000;
$1 Sits.
Afternoon May— l6,ooo ctls, $1 iS%;
BARLEY— WhiIe the rain was neither heavy
nor widespread It was sufficient to check the
advance, and the market quieted down con
siderably.
Feed, 90@92%c for dark to good and 96@97%0
for choice; Brewing. $1 05© 1 07% for No. 1 and
97%c®Jl per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
j Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls
1 84 Vic; $&s£'• 2000. *»*«■■»■■* 834 c ■ 4000
[ Ki\c; 2000, S3%c.
Afternoon Session— May— Booo ctls, K2>*c
! 4000. S3c; 2000, S2\c; 2000. 82% c.
I OATS— The situation remains unchanged
1 Trade is slack.
Fancy Feed. $1 15@1 20 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 07%®l 12%: common, $1 024«
1 05: Surprise, $1200130; Red. $1 So@l 40;
Gray. »l 12%@1 17%: Milling. $1 07%©l 12%
Black, for seed, $1 35©1 60. Clipped Oats sell
st $14T2 per ton over the raw product. I
CORN— Dealers report the old quotations,
with a dull market. ' - '
I Small Round Yellow, 37%c®Jl per ctl: Large
Yellow. 974«i««ic; White. 90@924c. '
RYE-Jiei 024 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 35©1 60 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
'■ $4 f-5®4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30«**4 40 per bbl
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In Backs are as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
our, $5 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 60 per 100;
Rice Flcur. 15 75; Cornmeal, $4 25; extra cream
?°' Hi ?£L meal * 2 M : Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $3 25@3 60;
Cracked Wheat. $3 25; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls). $5 700
i 90: In sacks. $3 75; Pearl Barley. $4; Split
Peas. $3 60; Green do. $4 25 per 100 Its.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The light rain along the coast eased things
off considerably. There was no decline In
Hay, but buyers were less eager and less in
clined to meat asking price*.
1
?. RAN r* 17 60 ® ls 50 p« r ton
?'.'-.'- " IN(;s >-~i<^ f.O per ton.
t FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $20©21 per
* on : Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50©29 50;
Jobbing, * 30: Cocoanut Cake. $19@20; Cotton
*£** Me *'- $29@30 per ton.
r, . A Y~- Wheat. $13 60015 per ton: Wheat and
Oat. •** 50@14 50: Oat, $11 60013: Barley. SU@
! £ '"ompressed. $12 50014 60; Alfalfa, S9©lo;
%'£t> $ J'"6U: Clover. »10©12 per ton.
STRAW— 30®45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All kinds remain undisturbed and quiet.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 90@3; Small Whites,
$1 25@l 37%; Large Whites, $1 15@1 35; Pinks.
$1 70@i 80; Reds. $1 40-g-l 65; Blackeye. $2 50;
Batters. $1 40( & 1 50; Llmas. $1 60®l 70; Pea.
*1 2501 40 per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl; Yellow
M / U " a T d< «2©2 50; Flax. $1 80<&2; Canary Seed.
-'4«-\c per lb; Alfalfa, 6%c; Rape. 2«2\c;
ll^R- 2c: Timothy. 5Uc.
1 40 lED PEAS— Nlles^ $1 25; Green. $1 209
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
There is not much change to report, except
that fine String Beans are doing better. Po
tatoes and Onions are firm at the recent im
provement.
P° TA T< 'ES—Early Rose. 60«60c: River Reds,
4Oiff4sc; River Burbanks. 55<g«5c: Oregon Bur
banks ,70fc90c; Salinas Burbanks. 75c©$l;
»«eet Potatoes, IOO«0c per ctl for Rivers and
»CF7ac for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
2%c per Tb.
ONIONS— $2 25@2 50 per ctl: cut Onions. $1 50
a- per sack.
VEGET A Br.ES- Marrowfat Squash, $10012
per ton; Hubhard Squash. $l'irt?l2 per ton; Dried
I eppers, .Vgfic per lb; Dried Okra, 15c; Cab
bage, 60@75c per ctl; Carrots. 25<&60c per sack;
Garlic, 3®3U C per lb: Asparagus. 12% c per lb.
.Jf a Angeles Green Peas, 2@4c; String Beans,
3C£6c for poor and lofns,. for good to choice;
Tomatoes. 25®75c: Green Peppers. 10c per lb:
Summer Squash. 10c; Etfg Plant, 100 per lb.
POULTRY AMD GAME.
The market for Poultry continues firm. Game
runs along about the same, but Is weak.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys, Il@i2c for Gobblers and 12®
12% c for Hens; dressed Turkeys, 13'«15c per lb;
?w«. Per pair, $l KXgl 75; Ducks. $4®6; Hens.
M«|s 50; Roosters, young, $54j5 60; do old.
UQi 50: Fryers, $SO6 50; Broilers, $4 50#5 50
£pr large and $3 50@4 50 for small; Pigeons,
|1 604(2 per dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME— Quail, per doz. fvqi 2. r >; Mallard «2 60
<p3; Canvasback. $4fg:.; Sprig. $1 50<gl 75; Teal.
Be; \\ idgeon, $1; Small Ducks, 75c; Gray
Honkers, $4; English Snipe, $1 75; Jack
Geese. $252 25: White. 75c(S$l: Brant. $160;
fcnlpe. $1; Hare. $1: Rabbits. $1 25:31 50 for
Cottontails and 75c@$l for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Both Butter and Eggs are lower and weak
at the decline. The rain has a very depress
ing Influence.
< reamery— Fancy Creameries, ttfWOc; sec
onds, M
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20@26c; lower
gTades. 22%©240 i,^ r lb
Eastern Butter— 22<i:24c per Ib.
CHEESE— choice mild new. UQl2c; com
mon to good. S@loe; Cream Cheddar, 10011 c;
Young America. 11%Ti12%c; Western. ll©12c;
Eastern. 12%fj13%c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 26<if2Sc per doz; store
Eggs. 22^24c; Eastern. 17fclSc for cold storage.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market continues heavily stocked with
Apples and Oranges and prices show no
chanire.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. |7«jS per bbl: Coos Bay. $1600
2 per box.
Apples. 20@40c per box for common. 60cO$l
for good to choice and $1 2501 40 for fancy;
Lady Apple*. 60c«r$l for large boxes.
Persimmons, 25040 c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 250
$2 BO; Seedlings. SOcOfl; Mandarins. Jl 55^1 40:
Grape Fruit, J3«iT4 per box: Lemons, SOcQ
$1 for common and $1 tOS'2 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $4g4 50 per box; California
Limes In small boxes, Me; Bananas. $1 23{?2 23
per bunch; Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS. NUTS. ETC.
There Is a fair demand on consumptive ac
count, but it Is confined to small lots as a
rule.
DRIED FRUITS—
Prunes, carload lots, 3V®4ViC for 49-50*8. 3*43
3%c for 50-60' s. 2%io3\ic for 60-70's. 2Uff2\c for
70-&0'», l\6:Vic for So-OTs. IViiIV- for 9u-100>
Peaches, 34j4»,c; fancy, s&T,'.ic; peeled. 109
12Vtc; Apricots. s©6c for Royals and 7©Sc for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples.
6S4f7c; run-dried, 4W4Uc. black Figs. In sacks
2&SHe; Plums. 44©4Vc for pitted and ltfrlHc
for unpltted; bleached Plums. 6^sVic: Nec
tarines. 4Q50 for prime to fancy; Pears 2v,a
4'» c for quarters and 3@s'4c for halves, accord-
Ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins. 2U©3e for two
crown. 4c for three-crown. 5c for four-crown
6Hc for Seedless Sultanas and $1 10@l li for
London layers: dried Grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at BQlOc per
rt>: Walnuts. 606 c for hardshell and 6®7e
for softshell: Almonds. SH©3Vic for hardshell
SiQGc for softshell and 7©Bo for paper-shell*
Peanuts, 4@5«4c for Eastern and 41, for Cali
fornia; Pecans. 6i4@Sc; Filberts. S^eiOc; Bra
zil Nuts, £iQ9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, it 50®5 per
100.
HONEY— New Comb. We for bright and "&%c
for lower grades: new water-white extracted.
4^4«r4*4c: light amber extracted. 3\©4c per Ib
BEESWAX-23g25c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BHc per Ib for
heavy. So for light medium. 10c for light. lOHo
for extra llgt and 12c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc: California
Hams, 'j'u'jVic: Metis Beef, is 50 per bbl; extra
mess do. $9 50; family do. $11012; salt Pork.
JBQB 60; extra prime Pork, $9 50; extra clear.
(IS; mess. $14 50; Smoked Beef. 11>*&12Vic per
Ib,
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 61ic per Ib
for compound and 6c for pure;palls, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces, to per Ib for compound and 6o
for pure: half-bbls. 6^ic; 10-rb tlns7c; do 5-Ib.
"hie per Ib.
COTTOL'SNE— Tierces. sT*i&6Hc;5 T *i&6Hc; packages.
less than 100 lbs— l-Ib palls. CO in a case. B%c;
3-tb palls. 20 In a case. K»4c; 5-Ib palls. 11 In a
case. *\c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. BHc; 50-lb
tins, one or two in a case, "He; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net. ~,r; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7Hc:
half-bbls. about 110 tbs, 7%c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops are fairly cleaned up as far as fine
(roods are concerned and the market Is In
steady tone, though business Is quiet.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers
lOißlO^o per lb; medium. 9c; light. 9c; Cow
hides. 9^<<'-;p; Stags. 6c: salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
lie: dry Hides, lfio: culls and brands. 13c; dry
Kip and Veal. H^lSc: dry Calf. lS??20c; culls,
16© 17c: Goatskins. 20@37Hc each; Kids. 6@loc;
Deerskins. kockl summer. 25®'30c per lb; me
dium. 20c: winter. 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
201130 c each: short wool, 40J?70c each; medium,
70<8 90c: long wools, pflrfrjl SO each.
TALLOW-No 1 rendered, 303V»c per lb; No.
2, 24?2Hc; refined. sc; Grease, 2's2'vic.
WOOL— Middle counties— free. IMT
13c; do defective, 10@llo: San Joaquln, defec
tive, 7«r9c; Southern Mountain. 90:11 c: free
Northern. 12>J?13c: do defective. 9@llo; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 13{?15c; Eastern Oregon.
i&nr; Valley Oregon. 16®l?c
HOPS— OId crop. Ji?r6o for poor to fair and 8
@10c for good; new crop. lOgiSc per lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Rags. 1593 delivery. 5%
©5%c: "Wool Bags, 27@30c.
COAL— Wellington. $8; New Wellington. $8;
Southfield . Wellington. $7 60; Seattle. $5 50;
Bryant. $5 50; Coos Bay. $1 75; Wallsend. $7 00;
Cumberland. $14 50 in hulk and $16 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. '15; Cannel. Jj
per ton; Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 60; Coke, US per ton In bulk and
$13 in sacks. .
SUGAR— Th« Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6"t(c; Powdered, 6?4c; Dry
Granulated. 514 c; Confectioners" A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A. f.-S,c; Extra C, B^c; Golden C. h%c;
Candy Granulated. We; California A, BHc per
lb; half-bbls V*c mort than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue firm.
Wholesale rate* for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. «»,i©"c; second do. SV&O
6c; thltd do. 4«5c per £
VEALr-Large. 6®6c; small. 607e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6(?7c; ewe», 6c per rb.
LAMB Spring, nominal.
PORK-Live Hogs. S*i<®3%r for large and
3'i®3Hc for small and 3>yjrS%c for medium;
soft Hogs. .-!'»<•; dressed do. s©sVic per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. .
For Thursday, January 6.
Flour, qr sks ... 10.663 Straw, tons 3.1
Wheat, ctls 3,500 1 Quicksilver, flics. 112
Barley, ctls .... 276 Leather, rolls .. 86
Butter, ctls .... 22S Chicory, bbls ... 6
Cheese, ctls .... 227 Raisins, boxes .. " 50
Tallow, ctls .... 259 Wine, gals 66.600
Beans, sks 13 Brandy, gals .. 13.400
Potatoes, sks ... 3,561 Eggs, doi 6.520
Onions, sks 151 Lime, bbls 162
Bran, sks 865 Hides, no 794
Middlings, sks .. 176 Leather, rolls .. 45
Hay. tons '349 Pelts, bdls 450
■ « » «
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was not enough change In mining
Btorks yesterday to talk about. Trade was
dull aa usual.
Savage Is assessed 20 cents and Mexican 16
cents.
The Occidental assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day and the Alta assessment in office.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $5000. payable January in.
The Pacific Stock Exchange has placed the
following In nomination for Its officers for 1898:
For president. William Barman; vice-prasldent.
I. Herzberg: secretary. Baldwin Gardiner;
treasurer. Max Goldberg, and caller. John B.
Bourne.
The annual election of the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board will be held on
Monday. The old officers have been renoml
nated. as follows: For president. A. G. Gur
nett; vice-president. Emmet P. Barrett: chair
man. O. V. Walker: secretary, F. W. Hadley.
and treasurer. George T. Marye Jr.
No work was done In the Confidence. Chal
lenge Consolidated or Consolidated Imperial
mines during the past week. The Joint west
crosscut No. 1 from the surface tunnel was in
IK>3 feet at last accounts and the face was in
porphyry. There Is a strong flow of water
coming from the face.
In the Crown Point mine, from the ena •(
the south drift on the 700-foot level, they have
started a southeast crosscut and extended the
same 22 feet through clay and quartz, the
former assaying from $4 to $10 per ton. They
are repairing the shaft from the 1100 to the
l^W-foot level at several points. The joint Bel
cher-Crown Point west crosscut from the top
of the Belcher No. 1 raise. M level, has not
been advanced any since last report.
In consequence of some necessary repair* to
the surface machinery no work was done In
the Belcher mine during the past week.
In the Overman mine during the past week
they repaired and retimbered 24 feet of the In
cline upraise from a point 1182 feet In on the
north drift from the shaft on 900-fcot level.
They extracted 19 carloads of ore from the
workings on this level. The value of ore. per
car samples, was $21 87 per ton. Very little ore
was extracted for the month of December, as
the men were engaged on repair work.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: West crosscut No. 2
started from the face of the south lateral drift,
has been advanced 10 feet during the week,
making its total length 16 feet. There Is no
change In the formation since last report. The
face Is in ore assaying $17 20 per ton. Durln.T
the pant week they have hoisted 22 tons and
ISOO pounds of ore. The car samples average
$16 75 per ton.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:3o.
100 Andes 141150 Gould & Curry. 8S
800 Belcher 43 200 N G & C 25
450 Best ft Belchr.. 50 100 Ophlr 60
100 Con Cal ft Va..l 25
Afternoon Session.
800 Alt* 12 lOOPotosl 82
100 Andes 16 100 Savage 18
600Belcner 38 200 Union Con 35
200 Challenge 24 100 34
800 Con Cal & Va..l 25 i 300 Utah 09
300 Crown Point .. 25 250 Yellow Jacket.. 35
100 Gould & Curry. 36 450 34
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:2o.
200 Alpha Con 06 200 Mexican 25
**> Andes 14 400 Ophir • 61
350 Belcher 43 400 60
££•• "... 42 , 500 Overman 13
200 Best & Belchr.. 60 400 Potosi 33
Con Cal & Va..l 25 650 Savage 20
350 1 27 V 650 IS
200 Gould & Curry. 37 200 Sierra Nevada.. 67
300 Justice 2$
Afternoon Session. •
400 Belcher 5s 1 200 Overman 12
200 33 200 Potosi 32
100 Best & Belchr.. 49 300 Savage IS
ISO Challenge Con.. 26 200 17
200 Gould & Curry. 36 300 Sierra Nevada.. 63
Justice 30 200 Union Con .... 34
V' Mextcan 22 300 Utah 09
100 Ophlr •.. 60
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 6—2 p. m.
t. *t, Bid. Asked. i Bid. Asked.
L S Bonds— MEL. C 0.... |£U 15%
«s quar coup. .113 — ' Oakland Gas.. 55*4 56
4s quar refill — Pac Gas 1m..93W93\i
4s quar new ..125 - Pac LCo 64V4 —
Miscellaneous- " 8F G & E.. 94-V 95
Cal-st Cab 65.112V4- | San Fran .... 3<i 3 v
Cal El L 65.12€4 — Stockton Gas. 14* -
C C Wat 55.. 99 — Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 9SV4 Flrems Fnd. 185 —
E L ft P 65. .129 — Bank Stocks—
F& Ch Ry65.115% — Anglo-Cal .... 56% 5914
Geary-st R ss. — 101 Bank of Ca1. .245 250
HC A S 54.. 102 107 Cal SD 4 T.. 99 101
LAL Co 6*.. — 100 First Nat ... 195 _
Do gntd 6s. 95H102 Lon 1' ft A.. .12814 —
Market-st 65.. 125 — Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Do Ist Mss.. 113*4113%, Savings Banks—
NatVln 6s lsts — 100 Ger S & L,..147r> —
NCg Ry 75. .100 — Hum S A L.1050 1160
NRy Cal «5.. 10*14 — Mutual Say. V, 40
NRy Cal .102 — S F Say U.. 475 _
NPC Ry 65.104H — SAL. 50.... — " 100
RFC Ry ss. :*!»4 — Security Sv. 250 —
Oak Gas 55...104 — Union T Co. 950 —
.Do Id is 55. .111 112 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 65... IB 130 California 108*4 —
PftO Ry 6s.HO 115 Geary 40 _
P& CH Ry65.103 — Market-st .... 62T4 5312
Powell-st 65. ..130 124 Oak SL& H. — —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 I Presidio ( _
Sac Elecßyts. — 100 | Powder—
S Fft N P 55. 104* — I California .... 92H107U
SPof Ar 6»..101T*,103 'E Dynamite .. S3 90
S P Cal 65....105%i103Vi ' : 'ant Con Co 37 37%
SPC Ist eg 6a. 97 — Vigorit 354 3^
8 P Br 65....105>H — Miscellaneous— '
S V Wat 65..119HU1 Al Pac Assn.. 89^4 99%
S V Wat 45.. 102 V* — 1 Ger Ld VVks.loo —
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — HC & S Co.. 28% 29
Water— Hutch S p Co. 3.>* »Ti
Contra Costa . 55H 65% Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Marin County. 50 — Nat Vl n Co .. — 7%
Spring Val ... 99\100 Oo SCo 35 86
Gas and Electric— Pac A F Al.. — 8
Cent Gaslight. 98tt — Pac Bor C 0... 91 —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. «* —
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
70 Contra Costa Water 55 00
6 Giant Powder Con 37 00
65 Market-street Railway 53 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
100 do do 16 25
100 do do 16 00
85 Oceanic Steamship Compary 3.'i 00
5 Pacific Gas Imp 93 37V4
30 S F Gas and Electric Co 94 75
25 Spring Valley Water 99 75
25 do do 99 87V4
Street—
$4000 S V Branch Ry Bonds 10S 75
AFTERNOON SESSION.
135 Alaska Packers' Association 99 60
10 Contra Costa Water 65 00
80 do do 65 25
10 do do 55 37H
70 do do 55 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar 23 75
600 Hutchlnson S P Co 89 V 5
125 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
5 do do IS S7«
200S F Gaslight 3 25
75 Spring Valley Water 99 S7Vi
Street—
15 Alaska Packers' Association 99 50
60 California-street Railway 103 00
10 Contra Costa Water 65 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar .... 28 7.">
20 Market-street Railway 63 00
60 Spring Valley Water 99 S7&
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ellia and Stane Zenovlch Javanovich. Sam
and Marco Zenovtch to Casimiro Antontoll. lot
on S line of L'nion street. 62 S W of Laguna
\\ 1". by S 100. quit-claim deed; $5.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to A. M. Dalrymple, lot on \V line of
Buchanan street, 26 S of Green, S 22:6 by W
100; $10.
Rebecca E. Marks to Edmund W. Marks, lot
on E line of Devisadero street, 50 S of Golden
Gate avenue, S 26 by E 100; $10.
Adolph and Margaret Bodeman to Daniel R.
Buckley, lot on N line of Twenty-second street.
5o \V of Sanchez, W 23 by M 101:6; $10.
Frank F. Taylor, F. D. Brandon. Charles H.
Stllson. James, Charfes and John Murray, and
• JiHx-rt H.-well <hy Frank J. French, referee.)
to A. H. Turnbull, lot on NW corner of Filbert
and Montgomery streets, \V 87:6 by N 37 6
slooo.
Marie Long to Nicholas Long, lot on W line
of Stone street, 110 S of Jackson, W 60 by 8
Vi gift.
Walter E. and Helen C. D<jan to Thomas
Morton, lot on SE corner of Geary and Leaven
worth streets, X 56:6, S 83:6, X 64. S 54 W H
M 27. W 83:6. N 110:6; $10.
Oustav J. C. Ungerman to Olga O. E. M.
t'ngerman, lot on NE line of Garden (Harriet)e t)
street. 75 NW of Bryant. XW 100 by NE 75
gift-
Stewart Menzles to Rosamond L. Cox, lot on
SE corner of Second avenue and California
street. E 23:5, S 68:9. 59:96, W 22:11 1-3. N
67:7 13-16; 110.
Isldor S. and Rose Green to Elizabeth Kopp,
lot on W line of Second avenue, 175 N of Clem
ent street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Anders A. and Emma Grodln to Maria E
Martin, lot on S lln« of TJ street. 82:6 W of
Forty-second avenue. W 50 by S 100; $10.
Maria E. Martin (wife of C. S.) to Gus Mar
tin, same; $10.
William H. F. and Annie A. Bracket to
George Thlstleton. lot on N line of Sadowa
■tract. 365 E of Orizaba, E 25 by N 100, lot 8,
block F, Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Etta Mason (widow) to Virginia E. Wilson
Interest in estate of George L. Mason; $100.
Alaroeda County.
Adolph and Helen B. Vhl to W. D. Hunt
lngton. lot on E line of Telegraph avenue
prior to widening, 232:8 N of Durant street N
28:2. E lii.lhi. S 27:4, W 149:3. to beginning,
being a portion or Fountain place, Oakland;
A lamed a: $10.
Pellclte Danguay to Annette Marshall, lot
on N line of Fifth street, 100 E of Alice E
25 by N 100. .block 69. Oakland; gift.
Antolne Borel to Friedrich Spengler. lot on
W line Ktrkham street, U"6:llVi S of Seventh
8 25 by W 175, block 492; also lot on S line of
Railroad avenue, 100 W of Klrkham street
W 7.=> by B 100, block 492; also strip of land
80 feet wide, lying In front of S line of Kail
road avenue and extending along whole front
age of the last lot hereby described, quit
claim deed. Oakland; $1.
Annie Beaudry, . Q. and Mary Peladeau to
Thomas J. and Katie T. Glblin. lots 11 and
IS. block 36. Beaudry and Peladeau property
Oakland Township; $10.
Elizabeth and E. A. Holman to Emily K.
Latham, lots 33 and 34. Piedmont Villa tract
Oakland Township: $10.
Ella M. and Emma P. Zvietlch to Albert P
Jacobs, lots 2 and 3. block D. lot 1, block H.
Golden Gate tract. Oakland Annex; $10.
C Hirsch to- J. H. Lavenson, all Interest In
lots 1 to 11. block 3, lots 8 to Is. block 2 Al
lendale tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eunice L. Brewster to Central Investment
Company, lot on N line of Clinton avenue
200 E of Walnut street, E 50 by N 150, being
lot 5, block P, lands adjacent to Encinal
Alameda; $10.
H. J. and C. S. Dlggle and W. B. Bohlln
to Charles Duerr, lot* N, O, P, Q and R, ex
cept a strip aiuug Uw W eiij of (our last loU.
containing 90 acres, being portion of 20-acre
subdivision of plot 52. Rancho El Valle de San
Jose. Murray Township; $10.
Sewell P. Charm.-11. trustee for James C. and
Eliza Klmble, to Thomas A. Ore'lin. lot on
NW corner of Juckson and Thirteenth streets,
N 100 by W 166 :5, being portion of block 195.
Oakland; 110.
James C. and Eliza Kimble to Thomas A.
Crellin. lot on NW corner of Thirteenth and
Jackaon streets. AY l»ifi 23 by N I*). being lota
19. to 2~. and E 16.2 a feet of lot 26, block Ij3,
Oakland; also strip of land 2.12 feet lying be
tween lands described and fence bordering
Jackson street, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
Edward Lane, lot 6, block A, Daley tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10 .
J. C. and Mary E. McMullen to Kdward
Lane, iots 5 and 6, block A. Daley tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mrs. E. J. Hollenbeck to Lucien Simon, lot
on E line of Repent street. 74 :S S of Calhoun,
42 by X 131:7, being portion of Boulevard tract.
Alameda: $10.
Mrs. E. J. Hnllenbeck to Lucien Simon, lot
on E line of Recent street. 116:8 S of Calhoun,
S 83:4 by E 131:7. being portion of Boulevard
tract. Alameda; $10.
Patrick Duiileavy to Bridget Dunleavy, lot
on NE corner of Central avenue and McPher
son street. N 50, E 120, N 98. E 22, S 148. \V
142. to beginning, Alameda; gift.
Eugene J. De Sabla Jr. to Emily E. Bar
etow, lot on SW corner of Paclfir avenue and
Chestnut street, W 36 by S 10T>. block 33. map
of property in vicinity of Enclnal Station
owned by Columbus Bartlett, Alameda; also
lot on W line of Chestnut street. 105 S of Pa
cific avenue. P 45. \V MB, N 40, E 72. N S, E
36. to beginning, block S3 of above map. Ala
meda; $10.
James X. H. Harris to Anna M. Van Beal,
lot on S line of Milton street. 263:9 E of Mar
ket, E X bar B 100. being portion of Milton
tract. Oakland: $1400.
Patrick St.'k^s to Mary Stokes, lot on N line
of E Fifteenth street, 100 SE of Fourth avenue,
SE 50 by NE 100. block X, Clinton. East Oak
land; also beginning 100 from corner of Madi
son and Patten Etreets, thence S 100 by N 150,
block 74. Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
J. J. and Eliia S. Thatcher (by attorney) to
Thomas W. Steel, lot on W line of Fifth street.
94:3 N of Santa Clara avenue, N 50 by yv 100.
being portion of lands of Teutonia Park and
Homestead Association, Alameda; $10.
Albert A. Hibbard to Jessie E. Hibbard, lota
5 and 16, block 17. Leonard's subdivision of
Bartlett &Q-acre tract, Alameda; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
W. P. Redlngton (owner) with Edward
Letter (contractor); architect. Edgar A.
Mathews. All work for a 2-story frame build-
Ing with attic and basement, on \V Scott
street, 61 Nof Pacific, avenue. W 120 by N 3a;
$7343
William F. Wilson (owner) with R. C. Stiller
(contractor): architect. Nathaniel Blaisdell.
All work, except plumbing, gasntttns. sewer-
Ing and electrical work, for alterations and
additions to building on E Stockton street, 90
S of Sutter, S 30. E 100, N 50. W 20. S 20, W
80: $1220.
Jette Hamburger (owner) with Campbell &
Pettus (contractors); architect, C. J. Colley.
All work for changing 2-story frame building
into 3 Hats on S Post street, 110:6 W of La
guna, W 27 by S 137:6. 9UM.
Henry Schmidt (owner) with Jeremiah T.
O'Brien (contractor); architect, Oliver Everett.
All work for raising, altering and additions to
make 3-story frame building (store and 2 Hats)
on NW corner of Fulton and Webster streets,
27:6 on Fulton and 80 on Webster; $2514.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T Ppanwohr, Los Ang M King. L Alamos
X S Culver. Sacto W S Jackson, Amador
L T liruner. Sacto G Thomas, Angels
W.r Spencer, St Paul J J Hebbron. Salinas
J L Tucker. Sacto J S Leyndon, S Jose
T S Spauldlng, Wdlnd T Harrihan, S L O
F L Mlntle. Oswego.Or M C Correy, Auburn
A J Plllsbury. Tulare R J Correy. Dlxon
T<; Smith. Term ! A Henry. Dijon
M Mason, Fresno W \V Swetland. Butte
p D Blddle, Hanford E B McCord & w, Cal
A L Nichols, Chlco C E Lindsay & f. Cal
li W Clark & d. Seattl J C Houser, Stockton
t.V B Glafke &w. Or W C Raney, Monticello
J C Powell & w, Eurek A Berdise. Femdale
fT B Dean. NY E A McFarland. S Crz
? O May. NY H Schuz. Portersville
|J R Webster. NY C A Green. Stanford
C A Warner, Sacto W R Forraan, Antloch
J T McJenkln. Hanfrd J Barr. L Angeles
M B Ivor? & w. Cal H C McLure, L Angels
W D Morgan, S Cruz T M Fowler. L Angels
L A Grant, Salinas L N Edwards. L Ang
O V Woodward. NY J B Agnew, Agnews
L Levy. S Barbara M Hon. Stockton
W C Parker & w. Cal G S McKenzie. Napa
Mrs T W Moore. S Jse t> N Spaguol & w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
IV Money&w, Oakland A C Jones, N V
J Regan&w. S Jose B E Smith. Alameda
l> Hutchinaon, Chicago B Dunn. "Courted
M B Kama, Oakland Into Court Co"
P C Brock. Alameda B D Clark. Seattle
•V J Halt. S Jose ':< c, Gaylor. Seattle
H Bargman. N V X N Pterc<\ L Ang
F Burkrens. Bakersfd J C O'Donnell. L Ang
Mrs ll.iii.k. Chlco JT E Moore. Seattle
J •' amacrtw, Hayds H Egan. Seattle
J Morton, S J..s-i \V L Davis, Seattle
i" Campbell. L Ang V C Harrison. Visalia
W SI. .r UUn,r n, dear Lake D O Kinßsby. S Jose
Miss M/irtins, G Ellen V Newton S Bernardno
»" W Mueller, Chicago C F Thayer, Minn
tl E Dunn. N V X Holland. Sta Maria
PALACE HOTEL.
A Kroger, N V Miss Carey. 8n Job*
J V Clarke. Chicago W H Matson. Fresno
H Dlllenberg. Baltmr M Greenbaum, Frsno
Mrtvl V ciark^.chcgo L C Evans. Sprngfld
W B Pf-ck. NY F C Lusk. Chico
F H Green. S Rafael B Campbell. Portlnd
H G Thompson, Chg Mrs D Hogsdon, N V
X s de d.Uyer.L Ann; ( Bpnhw. l'..rtland
I> M aogßdon, N V R Koehler, Portland
W L Woodrow. S Js Q Marshall, Portland
M Carey, Sim Jose J W Cook, Portland
Mm Carey, San Jose Mrs Cook & eh, Ptld
C E White. Sn Jose Miss L Cook, Portlnd
J Clark. BpokUM Mrs S Hirsch, Portld
H R Sterne. S Jose ■
NSW WESTERN HOTEL.
Z E Buckner. SRosa J McDermott. Rd Blf
J Elliott. Palo Alto H Henderson, Sacto
J McCloskey, Rpno Mrs Pierce, Conn
C L Montague, S Dgo J W Nash, Ely, Nev
J Boylan, Nevada Cy D J Fagan, N Mcx
C I*anigan. San Jose H Bllnn. San Jose
P J Mogan. Petalma G H Fluth. San Jose
S Quigley. Seattle S E Wilcox. lowa
M Johansen. Vallejo J Doyle. Stockton
J Peterson. Red Biff P Ryan, Stockton
THE BIBLE SO PLAIN.
A colored Mrs. Partington lives in
Georgia, says the Constitution, and
she talks interestingly. She is about
70 years old and makes a great
show of reading the Bible — though it
is well known she cannot read a line.
The other morning she was seated on
her front porch with a large family
Bible on her lap. Some one was pass
ing and saluted her.
"Good morning, Aunt Caroline."
"Mawnin', suh — mawnin'! It'B right
previous weather, suh."
"Yes, rather previous."
"De clouds hang so low, hit look like
dey 'bout ter have a collegiance wid
de airth."
"Yes, it does look so."
"Well, de Lawd'll take keer on us.
De Bible say he distempers the wind
ter de born lambs."
"Is that the Bible you're reading?"
"Oh, yes, suh."
"Why, it's upside down!"
"Look heah, mister!" said the old
woman indignantly, "don't you s'pose
I knowed it? What diffunce do it
make? De Bible is so plain you kin
read it any way."
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Deptinatiowi SAn.iL I Pikr.
! Oueen j San Dleyo |Jaa Til AMiPieTTT
i Columbia.. Portland jjan 8. 10 am Plor '4
1 Aoapulco .. j Panama .... |Jan B.l* M PM SS
Moana Australia 8. 10 am Pier 7
I Homer Newport Jau 9. aam Pier 11
I Are;ita Coos Hay |Jan y. 10 am Pier 1?
Pomona.... Hnmbldt Bay. -Tau in. a y' M pio r <i
Weeott Humbldt Bay. Jan 11, 9 am Pier 1^
Santa Rosa San Diejro.... Jan n, 11 AM pier 11
! CltyPuebla Vie & Pjrt SndJan 11 9am Pier k
ChilUat Eel River tag '.' am Pier n
State of Cal Portland iJan l\ w am Pier oi
Coos Hay.. Newport. Uan 13, it am Pier U
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From j
Homer.. Coos Bay . ~ ~ ~
City Puebla.. .. ; victoria and Pujret Sound 1
Artec Comox
San Mateo Nanaimo
Pomona j HumbOidt Bay..
; City of Sydney . ; Panama "" j
I Arcata Cooa Bay. !
Burma Nanaimo .. '"
Empire .". Coos Bay.. .
Weeott. Humooldtßay
Crescent City.. Crescent City * """ !
' Bristol Departure Bay
Santa Rosa San Dleeo '
Chllkat Eel River.'.". " " *
Washtenaw.... Tacoma :
North Fork — Humboldt'"
j State ot Cai — |Portiana ..'
Czarina Coos Bay "
: Propreso Seattle '.'. i
i Coon Bay Newport " '
walla Walla... Victoria and PueetSnd""
President. Yaqulna Bay
■Queen....... San D lego ' •••••••' • ;
Alameda Sydney '
: }*} None G rays" Harbor.'. .'...'. " * ' * "
; C01umbia....... Portland..^..7.*.. .. . .'.
>Os Bay . ',
' Jan 7
Jan 7
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan 3
Jan »
Jan 9
Jan 9
Jan '.)
Jan I
Jan 10
Jan 10
Jan 10
Jan 10
Jan 10
Jan 11
Jan 11
Jan 12
Jan 13
Jan 13
Jan 13
Jan 14
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
nffl,i , .1' } he Unlte <> States Hydrographlo
m?im»i£ C Ji ? d !11! 11 th « 2JerchanU" Exchange. 1.
maintained In San Yrancisco for the benefit of
f^^of™x^nw OUI regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
frZ lii wn « re complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
ifiSr ll^ 011 can alw ay» be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
ox interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
A notice stating whether the time ball wa»
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. la
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
<|a*- VV. S. HU(iH£.S,
Lieutenant. V. S. X.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burrey.
Tim.-s and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, t -.trance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide 19 the same at both places.
JANUARY-1898.
d
u
>eet
Time:
I Feet I
Time;
L W!
S: 2:46
6 3:31
H W
7 0:25
8 0:66
9 1:22
II) 1:58
3.4 1 V (' i
3.4 »:38
L W
4.4 4: IB
4.5 t:X\
4.6 5:44
4.T| 6:32:
6.:> 4:24; -
6.5' 4:55 -
H W
3.41 10:141
3.2; 10:54i
S.2 11:M
3.1 i r.':10
-0.6 ....
L
5.5 &
5.5 1 6
6.2 1 6
5.3 1 7
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives trie second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide.
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height an 4
then the number given is subtractlve from th«
depth given by the charts.
The Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mar
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, January
8, 1898.
Trie time ball on Telegraph Hill waft
dropped exactly at noon to-day— L •.. at aooa
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly it S p. m..
Greenwich time.
W. S. HT7OHEB,
Lieutenant TT. 8. N-. In chary.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Jannarr C
Btmr Whltesboro. Johnson, 20 hours from
Cleone; wood, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber, to Gray & Mitchell.-
Stmr A leaser, Gunderson, 36 hours from Port
Los Angeles; ballast, to L B White Lumber
Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Hanson, 11 hours from
Point Arena, via Mendoclno 16. hours; pass
and mdse. to Mendoclno Lumber Co.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. 36 hours from Huene
me; produce, to J R Hanlfy.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing, etc; produce, to Goodall. Perkins &
Co.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart. 80 hours fm Eu
reka; 800 M ft lumber, to J R Hanlfy.
Tug Relief, Randall, 48 hours from Astoria.
Schr Ivy, Brown. 6 days from Eureka; lum
ber, to Dolbeer & Carson.
*. /.; CLEARED.
Thursday, January «
6tmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas via
Redondo; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Haw stmr China, Seabury. Hongkong: and
Yokohama; P M S S Co.
Fr bark Jeanne d'Arc, Mahe, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 6.
Stmr Umatllla, Hunter, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms. Guaymas.
Haw stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong and
Yokohama.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Stmr National City, Andresen. Eureka.
Schr Abble, Anderson. Caspar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 6—lo p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind W; velocity 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Hecla. loads coal at a Sound point for
San Francisco.
The Mauna loads mdse for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Dec 19—1 N 80 W, Br ship Yarana, hence
Sept 8 for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan «— Schr J M
Weatherwax, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 6— Ship Ludle, hce
Dec 30.
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Cleone. for
San Francisco.
SAN PKDRO— Arrived Jan B— Str Westport,
I from Eureka. - : • . -
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan -6— H B M stmr
! Phaeton, for San Francisco; H B M stmr
i Sparrowhawk, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 6— Schr Gem, for
San Francisco. -■-;'-':
EUREKA— Arrived Jan Stmr North Fork,
I hence Jan 6. •■•••■.. ■
POINT ARENA— Jan »— Schr Co
' rinthian, hence Dec 27.
Sailed Jan 6— Schr Corinthian, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE —Arrived Jan 6— Ship Wachusett.
hence Dec 29.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 6— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Jan 4. ■
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan Schr
Monterey, hence Jan 6.
- Sailed Jan — Schr Barbara Hernster, for
San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Marlon, ha
Dec 28 ; schr Sailor Boy, hence Dec 28. -. .
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Empire, ho
Jan 4. .-. ?,-.
EUREKA— Jan ft— Stmr Log-una. he«
Jan 4: stmr Pomona, hence Jan 6.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan «— Bark
Guy C Goss, from Philadelphia.
TILLAMOOK— Jan s— Schr J O Wall,
hence Dec 27; schr Arthur I, hence Deo 28-
TATOOSH— Jan s— Ship Ludle. hnc«
Dec 80 for Seattle; bark Pass of KJUlecrankla,
from Salaverry for' Victoria.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Jan 6— Br ship
Alice A Leigh, from Callao for Tacoma.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan s— Stmr SunoL
for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 6— Bark
Topgallant, from Port Townsend.
NEWPORT— Jan 6— Stmr Newsboy,
for Hueneme.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 6— Bark
Topgallant, hence Dec 2S; bark Wachusett, ho
Dec 29.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan s— Schr Eliza Miller,
for Santa Barbara; stmr South Coast, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 6 — Stmr Weeott, hence Jan 4.
and sailed for Crescent Clt.
COOS Arrived Jan 6 at 8 a Stmr
Czarina, hence Jan 4. . r .
TACOMA— Jan B— Schr Annie Larsen.
for Santa Barbara.
COOS BAY— Jan Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Jan Stmr Signal, hca
Jan 1.
Sailed Jan «— brk Whlnlatter, for Queens
town. '
FOREIGN PORTS.
\LAVERRY— Jan Ger bark Philip
Nelson, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Jan 4— Br ship Mooltan.
hence Aug. 29.
CORONEL— Dec 23— Br ' stmr Flint
shire, for Marseilles.
SAlGON— Arrived Nov 80— Fr bark Gene
vleve, from Haiphong for Portland, Or.
ST VINCENT— Dec 31— Nor stmr
Transit, from Portland, Or.
PANAMA— Oct 29— Nor bark Ellora,
for ■ Victoria.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 6— Br ship Fingal.
hence Aug 26.
HULL— Arrived Jan 6— Br ship Ellesmere, ha
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Jan 4— ship Glenard.
for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Jan ft— Bark Hesper.
for nitrate port.
A ISO— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Cottage
City (36 days), from New York for San Fran
cisco, to sail Jan 10.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 6 — Str Britan
nia, from New York.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Massachusetts,
for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York; stmr Amsterdam, from
New York.
IMPORTATIONS. 5
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— l cs eggs. 1
coop chickens, 1 bx apples, 1 tix mustard, 1 box
hardware.
Point Arena— 23 pkgs household goods. 1 bdl
i prlts. 38 hides. 1 sk tails, 2 dressed veal, 4 bxs
i butter. 4 cs eggs, 29 bxs apples, 4 cs mdse. 33
; *ks potatoes, 1 saddle, 5 calves, 175 M ft lum
! ber. . - .
MONTEREY— Gipsy— sks potatoes, 1
lot wreckage. "■■'•■•.
Moss Landing— l bx butter, 1893 sks potatoes.
Santa Cruz— lß bbls glue. 13 cs cheese, 1c«
cigars. 20 bdls skins, 5 bdls leather, 1000 bbl«
lime. 1 bx butter. - , .
HUENEME— Per Scotia— 2s73 sks corn, 300
sks beans, 1554 sks barley, 9 sks wheat.' ■ "
CONSIGNEES. \ \
Per Scotia— Moore, Ferguson & Co; H ■ Dv
! tard: Erlanger & Gallnger; Wood. Curtis & Co
Per Gipsy— Oil Works; Standard OH
Co; Cal Bottling Co; Wolf & Sons; Eldridge &
Co: Herman Joost; Milwaukee Brewery; Rosa
& Hewlett; Thomas Loughran; H Dutard: Cal
Paint Co; San Francisco Chemical Works; H
Cowell & Co: Norton, Teller & Co; Miller &
Son; Dairymen's Union; Kron Tanning Co
Per Point Arena— H Cain & Co; H Nelson-
F Jarvle; TUlmann & Bendel; Standard OH
Co; S Foster; Pacific Machine Co: Dennlson &
Felling: \\ B Sunnier & Co; J B Warren- J
| Conn: Ross & Hewlett: Immel & Co- R Dal
| zel; Dunham. Carrigan & Co: Wheaton. Breon
& Co; Dairymen's Union. Smith j & Clift: J M
Moore; Russ Early & Co; S : Strauss; Bishop
Bros; - Main & Winchester; A New&eld: O W
[liuajr; Mendoclno Lumber Co. iNe * aeio> w w
■-■■-• .WEDDED HIM
THROUGH PIQUE
Secret of Miss Snyder's
Marriage to a
Stranger.
Made the Acquaintance of Her
Husband in Her Own
Home,
tn a Few ■Weeks She Will Probably
Be Able to Use Her Maiden
Name.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 6.
.Tueh sympathy is felt for Mrs. L.U-
I Snyder-Marsh in her present
trouble over her secret marriage in
San Francisco a few months ago, the
Is of which romance were publish
ed exclusively in The Call this morning.
Ai the time of the ill advised wed
ding Miss Snyder had no idea of the
haracter of the man who proposed
to her. She was introduced to him at
her home under circumstances that
were supposed to be a guarantee of his
respectability. Marsh was a very
pleasant fellow, and as Miss Snyder
was rather impetuous and very un
sophisticated he had no difficulty in
making a very favorable impression
on the young girl. The family was not
aware that Marsh was paying persist
ent attention to Miss Snyder, when
they were surprised to learn that she
had met her lover in San Francisco
one day and he proposed marriage.
Miss Snyder was suffering from a fit
of pique at the time, because of some
other affair which had not developed
in a manner to please her. While in
this humor and without taking thought
of the seriousness of the step she was
taking she went with Marsh before
Judge Bahrs and was married. On the
afternoon of her wedding day she re
turned home and informed her mother
and some of her relatives of what she
had done, and the affair was kept a
profound secret until it became known
that she was seeking a divorce. Her
family now believes that Marsh mar
ried h^r hoping to obtain some financial
benefit from the alliance. As soon as
the young lady realized that she had
been deceived she at once declared that
she would hf» divorced.
The readiness with which Marsh con
sented to part from his wife and allow
her to return home almost immediately
after the ceremony has convinced her
relatives that he well knew he was
taking advantage of an innocent girl.
avA that other motives than love dom
inated his action.
Enough has been learned of Marsh to
justify the granting of a divorce.'and
in a few weeks Mrs. Marsh will no
doubt have received legal permission
to pass again in society as Miss Lilian
Snyder.
ELECTED NEW OFFICERS.
The Gentlemen's Sodality Holds Its
Arjrjual Election — J. R. Kelly
figcin Made Prefect.
The Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ig
natius church, which at present num
bers 700 members, met in their chapel
last evening. Rev. Father J. P. Hickey,
S. J.. presiding, and elected the fol
lowing members to the various offices
for the year ]>i)S. James R. Kelly was
unanimously elected Prefect, it being
his thirtieth year In the same position:
The members of the council elected
are: Rev. Joseph Hickey, S. J., director-
James K. Kelly, prefect; John K. Fitz
patrick, first assistant prefect; John J
Reilly. second assistant prefect; Frank
J. Purko. secretary; Maurice J. Pope
assistant secretary; James H. Dipniin
treasurer; John S. Welbank, librarian;
J"hn E. Pope, roll prefect: John Coal son
probationers; Charles X.'
McAuliffe, assistant guardian of proba
tioner?: Charles 1,. Ebner, organist; Wil
liam W. Hancock, vestry prefect: Law
r»nre Walsh, first marshal; Patrick
Morrissey, second marshal; Michael H.
Kelly, senior guardian first division;
Thomas Klston. junior guardian first
division; Dr. 8. J. Cunningham, senior
guardian second division; Charles V
Weld, junior guardian second division-
John D. Campbell, Benior guardian third
division; Richard O'Driscoll, junior
guardian third division: David J. Cos
tello, senior guardian fourth division;
John Hf-ffernan, junior guardian fourth
division; John H. McGinney, Benior
ian fifth division; William H La
sater, junior guardian fifth division: Dr
K. O. Steers, senior guardian sixth divi
sion: John K. Laviolette. junior guardian
sixth dl\-ision; John <'harland, first as
sistant librarian; Robert Lynch, second
assistant librarian: John J. Madden,
third assistant librarian; Francis Kast
fourth assistant librarian; James
Powers; first assistant roll prefect; Wil
liam Hannon. second assistant roll pre
fect; Francis L. Fcmon, third assistant
roll prefr-ct; Daniel C. B. McCarthy
fourth assistant roll prefect; Martin <\ir
rlck. first assistant marshal: Jeremiah
• y. b< cond assistant marshal; Janifs
Keough, standard bearer; John Fahy
standard bearer; John K. Vevada, as-
Eistant standard bearer; Robert M.
Nicholson, firs? assistant vestry pr- •
John li. McCarthy, second 'assistant
vestry prefect; Dennis Campbell, third
assistant vestry pr< feet < fhoir mom
bers—Thoma« Pnnzlni. George Woods
Thomas O'Brien, George Connolly H.
Hingsberger. George Rico. James Law
less, '! . J. Walsh. Frank Haynea Robert
F. Hay. T. P. o-Brirn. W. t. Dwyef V
j'. Clark, If. A. Byrnw, c. A. McVey
J McKenna. J. Holloway. J. A! Sullivan,
W. J. Quirk, J. J. Cunningham. F. J
Somers, T. J. Taylor. J. M. J. Phelan D
F. Sullivan, L. Throne
— « — ♦ — ♦
AN ITALIAN MISSION.
Aq Episcopal Clergyman to be
Secured to WorK in the Latin
Quarter.
One of the most important projects
yet undertaken by the Episcopal
church since the coming of Bishop
Nichols to the diocese of California is
about. to be inaugurated at St. Peter's
Church, located at the comer of Stock
ton and Filbert streets, of which Rev.
M. I). Wilson is rector. The territory
surrounding the parish is being gradu
ally monopolized by the Italians, of
whom there are. it is estimated, from
I*ooo to 20,000, who are exceptionally
•thrifty and enterprising. While much
the larger proportion of these people
attends the church of St. Peter and St.
Paul, there are many who would at
tend Protestant services, provided they
were held in their own language. A
canvass among the Italians encourages
the attempt that is to be made to pro
cure from the East a priest of the
£-p.iscopal church who is a native of
HVX,^ who haß been successful in
establishing strong churches of his na
nhE I*£ New York and Philadel
phia. ♦♦ St ' Peter ' 8 is to be the focus of
Infinu m ? 1 ' and funds are now being
sol cited , to pay the expenses of an
?fvL BC t°v, Pal ♦ Priest for a year - so as to
• si Zl the attempt a fair trial.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the diocese
has given the project some considera
tion and have practically decided to
guarantee the salary required. The
church Itself finds it difficult to meet
the expense, owing to the constant re
movals which are taking place nmong
the old members, notwithstanding the
utmost efforts of the rector^and people.
The new Italian minister is expected
about May 1.
OLYMPIC CLUB DOINGS.
Kicks From Handball Players and
Practice for a Billiard
Tournament.
The directors of the Olympic Club
met last evening and it was expected
by the members that something would
be accomplished relative to near-future
entertainments.
Howard P. Taylor, the leader, did not
materialize at the session, and as a
consequence the directors were unable
to accomplish anything athletically
speaking.
The handball players have grown dis
\ gusted with the action of the com
mittee, which Insisted that the tourna
ment must be held In the club courts.
i The only court worthy of the name of
handball court is at the outdoor
' grounds of the club, and games must
j be played during the day when players
I are busily engaged attending to busi
ness of more importance.
The club courts are not regulation
courts, consequently tournaments or
! special match contests cannot be held
| in them.
If the club caters to the handball
: players, who, by the way, are many,
it must grant outside concessions and
matches or tournaments must neces
sarily be held in the professional courts
I or not at all.
A committee consisting of H. B. Huss
and J. P. Kelly was appointed to ar
range for a billiard tournament, which
j will be held in the clv.» in the early
I part of February. One hundred dollars
was allowed for the purchase of
prizes. ,
The following notice, which is of ln
terest to visitors, was posted yesterday.
it reads:
"Owing to the very considerable use
of the privileges of the club made by
persons holding courtesy cards, and
the consequent additional expense in
volved therein, a charge of $1.50 will
hereafter be made on Issuance of cards
to strangers involving the use of all
the privileges of the club for a period
of two weeks. Visitors' cards, entitling
the holder to the use of billiard, card
and reading rooms, shooting gallery,
shuffleboard room and bowling alley,
will be issued as heretofore.
"F. J. DEVLIN.
"Secretary Olympic Club."
NEW PRIMARY
LAW IN EFFECT
Attention Is Directed to Sev
eral Very Important
Provisions.
Chairman McLaughlln Is Anxious
That the Law Be Given a
Fair Test.
Major Frank McLaughlln, chairman
of the Republican State central com •
, mittee, has addressed a circular to the
Republican county committees through
1 out the Stcte •ailing' attention to the
; provisions of ecct'OE 5 of the new p- •n
ary election lav/, which went into effect
1 on January 1. The section referred to
provides that t'u-;ng the month L f Ja.n
uary of each ;ear in which a general
; election to be held, the election com
missioners of each county or city and
county shall select from the precinct
registers of the county the names of
not less than fifteen electors residing in
each election precinct; the selections to
be mad^ from each of the political par
ties then existing, in as nearly an equal
proportion as possible. The nairK-s so
selected are to be written on separate
pieces of paper and the papers so fold
ed that the names written on them can
neither be seen nor read. The names
from each separate precinct are to be
placed in envelopes and sealed and
marked so as to designate the precincts
from which they were selected. All of
the envelopes so marked are to be
placed in a securely locked and sealed
box and safely kept until twenty days
before the holding of any primary
election, when the election cojnmission
ere shall proceed to draw from each
I precinct the names of those who are to
serve as election officers.
Major McLaughlin urges upon the
several county committees to see that
none but trustworthy and reliable citi
zens are selected to serve on the elec
tion boards. The circular concludes:
Tho new law in its general features Is
a good one, and every effort should b»
made by the Republican party to give it
a fair test. If tbere ar<- any defects in
the law they will be ascertained
by this trial; wo can profit by experi
ence and suggest necessary amendments
to tho next .Legislature.
A primary law is a necessity, and this
one gives every voter an opportunity to
express his choice for delpgatos to nomi
nating conventions, irrespective of
cliques or combinations.
Your active and cordial support, to the
end that this law shall be maintained
and enforced; is most urgently requested
Such a law will purify our politics and
i-ring- good and representative cttisens to
all our nominating conventions, which
must result In securing the very best
possible nominations for office, redound
ing to tho endit of our party and the
interest of good government.
WILL PREACH THE GOSPEL.
Thomas O'Connell Will Be Or-
dained a Priest of the Cath
olic Church.
Thomas O'Connell, a recent grad
uate of the Catholic Seminary at
Baltimore, will be ordained in the Ro
man Catholic priesthood on Friday
morning, January 14, by the Rev.
Archbishop Riordan. The services of
ordination will commence at 8 o'clock
in the morning and will be partici
pated in by representatives from near
ly all the churches throughout the
city.
The young priest will say his first
mass at St. Mary's Church, on tho
corner of California and Dupont
streets.
Long -before he graduated from the
college at Baltimore young O'Connell
said that if he ever lived to be or
dained a priest of the Catholic church
his wish was to say his first mass at
the old church, where many happy
recollections of his younger days were
associated, and from where he had re
ceived the first Inspiration to his call
in*;. '*■ '.t-,W.::-
Father Wyman has consented to
gratify this wish and the young
priest will celebrate mass at the Paul
lst Church for the first time imme
diately after the ordination cere
monies are over at the cathedral.
Divorce Suits Filed
Mn. Minnie Maier has applied for a
divorce from Frank X. Maier on the
ground of cruelty. Grace Vezey has
commenced suit for divorce against her
husband, Charles D. Vezey. As a cause
of action she alleges failure to provide
Pelleprlno del Chlaro has applied for a
divorce from Maria del Chlaro on the
ground of cruelty.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7. 1898.
THE MYSTERY
INCREASING
Dow's Death Still Worry
ing the Physicians and
Detectives.
A Rather Peculiar Circumstance
Revealed at the
Autopsy.
Plain Indentation of a Pistol Point
Fovmd in tho Klght
Axilla.
The case of Dow still remains a mys
tery, but the physicians are as posi
tive that it was a murder as the de
tectives are that it was a ease of sui
cide. Another feature, possibly slight,
has just cropped up, and several inter
ested parties are Wondering why the
fact was not thought to l><> of sufficient
importance to be mentioned heretofore.
At the autopsy it was discovered- by
Dr. Gallagher that an impression of
the point of a pistol barn 1 was plainly
indented in the right armpit, and that
without doubt the impression was made
after death. It is claimed that the
indentation would not remain where
circulation was still going on, and
hence the mystery sum. undine that
particular point of the now peculiar
case.
There are#many theories afloat re
garding the pistol imprint. The ques
tion is, was it made befora the body
was taken to the morgue by an un
known party who may hare committed
murder, or was it done while the ex
periments were going on in the Coro
ner's office after th<- removal of the
remains to the morgue? However,
the impression was in the body at the
time of burial.
It has been stated that an indenta
tion of the kind could not have bi'fn
made unless the steel barrel of the
weapon had been placed directly
against the skin of the victim, but
some are of the opinion that if a mur
der has beon committed the impression
of the pirtol point was made *by the
criminal shortly after he had commit
ted the crime.
The detectives are etill working on
: the case, but so far are no nearer to a
solution of the death of Dow than they
were the night the body was discov
! ered. This may be accounted for by
I the fact that there was very little if
any clew upon which to work.
Mrs. Mary "Williams, whose name
was mentioned in connection with the
mysterious death of John Dow, visited
police headquarters last night and had
a lons conversation with Captain Boh
en. She indignantly denied the state
ment made by Mrs. Dazel that she had
i been in the habit of visiting Dow's
shooting gallery and demanding money
of him.
. In answer to Captain Bohen's ques
tions she said she had been acquainted
with Dow for some time. According to
her statement she last saw him on the
Monday preceding the day on which
his dead body was found in his shoot
ing gallery. She says she visited his
place of business «vid after a few min
utes' conversation with him she left.
She declared that Dow was eccentric
and a very "peculiar individual." She
denied that she ever received any
money from him and that she ever
asked him for any. She also said that
. she has been receiving monthly remit
tances from the East and that It was
not necessary for her to have asked
Dow for money.
Mrs. Williams was accompanied by
her 15 year old son, who also bore out
his mother's statement to the effect
that she had been getting money from
the East. Dow, she says, was "an ex
pert with a rifle and a revolver. She is
convinced that he committed suicide
Mrs. Williams lives at Sixth and Mis
sion streets, and is about 45 years of
age. •
DISTINGUISHED
DOGS ARE OUT
A Notable Coursing Stake to Be
Run at Ingle
side.
Tho Big Purses Bring Out Crack
Fliers at Delta
Hall.
The coursing stake to be run at In
gleside this week was made up and
drawn at Delta Hall last evening. Aa
waa expected, the Increased purse
brought out an exceptional entry.
There were dogs from Santa Clara,
from Port Costa, from Iferced, from
Sacramento, from Colorado and from
the local kennels.
It is the biggest stake of its class
ever run off on an inclosed field in
America. It marks the full lift
coursing as it obtains at present and
gives some slight indication of the
height to which it is rising.
« »f the candidates declared San
Francisco appears to have the best of
the contest for the stake. The C ; urtis
kenneis of Santa Clara failed to show
up with even a nomination. The local
kennels put forward the best that was
eligible to the claaa and there remain*
but one dangerous factor— the Colo
rado dog. The drawing resulted as fol
lows:
O. Herzn K 'a Otmll« vs. P. McLauirhlin's
Lady I', in.; 11. Bpriiur'a Pat Molloy vs~
Ray &. Traat't Turn ntz; p. j Walsh's
Hazel vs. W. Shields t'liffettf R
rrinjjle's Gladys Pasha, vs. Gihuo'n ft
hater's Molly Bawn; Bate & Franks
Count of Monte <"risto vs. J MrCnr
mlck's Whlto LUy; P. p. McQuJnii'i
Fair Rosalind vs. ftijr & Traui's Svivla*
A. C. Bradbury's Magic vs. J. Mazinis
Donald; C. Strehl's Lillian Rossel vb j
QuatM'i Fireman; G. Watson's Mountain
Lassie vs. McComb & Bryan's Glen
wood; J. L-iokson's Premier vs M
Michallk'a Fireball; J. Byrne's Mohawk
vs. B. l>c»UKh«.-rty's Tussle Fair- J
Byrne's Kelly B vs. F. P. McUuinn's
Uncle Sam; D. Pinto's Hercules vsTb.
Hall's Little Corporal; J. Murnane'a Val
ley Maid vh. H. Spring's Ma.ster Jack- j"
J. Warren's Sweet Lips vs. D. Shannons
Systematic; A. C. Bradbury's Mystery
vs. M. MJrhallk'Ji Douglass: Scott A
Glassen's Dr. Norman vs. S. E. Portal's
At Last; J. J. Edmonds' Forget vs De<k
elman & Panaria's Aileen Aroon- Scott
ftGlassen's Joy Bells vs. j. j. F.dmon.l*'
Move On; C. Strehl's Jimmy Cook vs \V
E. Thompson's Victor; J. Byrne's Clip
per vs. D. Shannon's Swinnerton- E
Henry's Harkaway II vs. W. E. Thomp
son's High Born Lady; S. E. Portal's
Lightning vs. F. Murphy's Lady Grace
The prizes are WO, $47 50. $30, $20 each
to the next three, $10 each to the next
Fix, and every dog winning his first
course receives back his entrance fee
of $2 50.
Contests Her Slster't Will.
Ellen Lawton yesterday hied a contest
in the Superior Court to an application
to admit the last will of Anna Brown to
probate. The contestant Is a sister of
Anna Brown, and alleges that through
undue influence Mary E. Clark, the sole
legatee under the will, procured Anna
Brown's signnture to the ln?trument.
OPPOSED TO CIVIL SERVICE
CoQtinenta! League Passes Resolu-
tions Denouncing Life Tenure
of Office.
Continental League at its meeting
Wednesday night added to its already
established' record its dislike to life
tenure of public office holding.
A resolution was passed denouncing
the system as being un-American and
monarchical to the utmost degree. The
course of Congressman Charles H.
Grosvenor of Ohio was commended and
the moral support of the members of
the league extended to him for the
stand he has taken in the House on
the abolition of the law which will. If
permitted to remain on the statute
books, destroy the American love of
country and its form of government.
The committee on Washington's
birthday recommended that, in addi
tion to the usual military parade
on such an occasion, literary exercises
be held in some hr.U during the even
ing. The recommendation was adopted.
J. P. FRENNA WINS.
Charge of Threats to Kill. Preferred
by J. F- Turner, Dismissed.
The charge of threats to kill preferred
by J. F. Turner, real estate agent,
against J. P. Frenna Was heard by
Judge Conlan yesterday morning.
Turner testified that on December 17
he met Frenna outside Judge Hunt's
court-room and Frenna said. "I'll kill
thut man befor* I get through with
him." When asked if he had not
threaten- tl to kill Frenna he answered,
"No. I would give a good deal to keep
him alive for reasons of my own."
Robert I.iddle, the gunsmith, was
called but he said he did not hear
Frenna say anything to Turner. It was
then admitted that m man named
Stivers who had been subpoenaed to
be present but was not In court, would
testify tlio same as Turner, and this
closed the prosecution.
I>r. P. Cool nnd Thomas H. Curtis
for th»> defense testif.ed that they \»^re
with Frenna at thf* time, but they did
not hear any threatening language
used. Frenna denied making any
threat on tli« day mentioned. He ad
mitted having struck Turner a long
time ago, but now he had no intention
of injuring him.
The judge said there were three wit
nesses against two and he would there
fore dismiss the case.
WILL TRANSPORT
GOLDEN TREASURE
Fine River Boats That Are Be
ing Built for Traffic on
the Yukon.
The Contrnets Were Secured by
the Willamette Iron
Works.
Major Jp.m<»B Lotan, th<» manager of
tbe Willamette Iron Works in Oregon,
left the Occidental, where he has been
staying for the last few days, for his
home.
Major L,ntan"s trip here was on busi
ness connected with contracts for two
Bt«rn wheel river steamers his firm is
to build for the Yukon River trade. The
contracts, which have been signed,
were let by John A. Magee Jr., the
leather merchant at 810 Clay street,
who is acting for a large company be
ing formed which embraces among its
members several local and Eastern
capitalists, with plenty of money to
back th> in.
The contracts call for two stern
wheel steam river boats 175 feet in
length, of 36 feet beam and with a 7
f'.'.t d»>pth of hold. They will hav> ls
im h cylinders, a 7-fo »1 Btrokfl ;ind will
I"- capable of maintaining a spet-l of
about eipht at nlno knots an hour.
Th<>ir freight carrying capacity will be
a little <>v» r 400 tons, and they will
draw a little less than three feet and a
half of water.
These vessels are to be fitted up with
every appliance which will help to
make passenger travel in that region
comfortable, as th. y are expected to
carry from WO to Bg j ass. -tigers each.
Their cost wh.-n Jlnished will be
about ?i"0,«X)0 each Though work on
these vessels will be commenced at
once and pushed with all possible
speed, it is not expected they will be
completed much before the middle of
next May.
Major Lntan 1? taking a great deal
of pains in their construction, he has
made an extensive study of the pecu
liar requirements needed for the navi
gation of the Yukon, and Intends, if
possible, to make th.> results of his
first contracts the finest pieces of float
ing stock on the river.
THE LAST HONORS.
The Masonic Services Held Over
the Remains of the Late
George J. Smith.
The funeral of the lnte George J.
Smith, a member of Oriental Lodge, F.
and A. M., Terba Buena Lodge. I. O. O.
I\, and GeoTge H. Thomas Post, G. A.
X., was held yesterday afternoon from
King Solomon's Hall in the Masonic
Temple, the service held over the re
mains being those of the Masonic fra
ternity, and -were conducted- by Wor
shipful Master W. R. Jost, assisted by
the officers of the lodge.
There were present a large delegation
from each of the three organizations
Dftmed, besMW a great many friends
who filled the large hall. At the head
of the ranket that contained the mortal
remains of the <--ne the services were
being held over, were a number of
v>ry line flor;il emblems, two very
large pieces contributed, one by the
Hoard of Directors and the other by
the employes Of the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery Association. The casket was
covered With an American flag placed
th^ro by the members of George H.
Thomas Post, and over this were
bunches of violets and a sheaf of
wheat.
During the impressive and beautiful
nervice of the order under whose aua
pices the funeral was conducted, the
lodge choir, consisting of Messrs. Wit
taker, Clark, Og.'lsby and Jones, ren
<i-T.fl "Sill! With Th.M'," "Peace to
Thy Memory," "Come Unto Me" and
"Good Night. I am Going Home," with
fine effect. At the close of the service
those not members of organized bod
ies were first permitted to take a final
view of the face of him that in life
had been their friend; then the Odd
Fellows passed around the bier; then
the Grand Army men, and last the
members of Oriental Lodge, who. after
marching thrice around the bier, ad
vanced to it, and each member depos
ited a sprig of accacla on the caaket
lid. The pall-bearers were R. H. Lloyd
and Charles Jost Jr., representing Ori
ental Lodge; A. X. Grant and C. W
Taber, the Odd Fellows; John H. Rob
erts and Charles P. Welch, the Grand
Army, and W. E. Bridge and F. Beck
men the friends of the family of the
deceased. The remains were conveyed
to the Odd Fellows' cemetery for inter
ment.
ANOTHER ISLAND
CYCLING MEET
Great Opportunity for California
Racing Men in Hono
lulu.
Cycle Trade Banquet To - Morrow
Night — Olympics Lose a Prom
inent Member.
Charles S. Desky, owner of the Cy
clomcre track at Honolulu, will return
to the islands on the steamer Moana.
leaving to-morrnw night. Another big
three weeks' bicycle meet will ba in
augurated there, commencing Janu-
I ary 26, and Mr. Desky Invites any
| riders who think they are fast enough
and want to make some money to go
down. The prizes are good, ani there
will be plenty of racing. Mr! Desky
has invested $10,000 in th« proposition.
but says the game has drawn im
mense crowdß and he is getting It back
fast. He Is much pleased with the out
look. He is stopping at the Occidental
and would be glad to met any Cali
fornia riders who would like to take a
pilgrimage to the Islands this spring:.
"We treat the boys well down there,"
he said to The Call man. "Why, of the
five who went down with me three
months ago only two have come !>aok.
The others— ('nnkling. Whitman and
Jones — like the country so well and are
making so much money they are go
ing to stay there."
This Is all quite true. The Califor
niar.s who went there say that Mr
Desky did even more than promised
for them, which was a good deal. They
are enthusiastic about the track, num
ber and value of prizes and everything
pertaining to the racing game.
Const cycling circles will soon lose
a shining star, and the Olympic Club
Wheelmen a popular and prominent
member. George H. Stratton Is to
leave here on the 17th inst. for Chica
go, and will make his home there, his
business interests hereafter lying in
that metropolis. The Olympics will
miss him a great deal, and the sport
itself Is likely to suffer for want of his
guidincr hand, always so prominent in
the honest direction of its interests. If
he takes up with his favorite pastime
in the windy city Chicago cycling
ranks will gain a valuable man.
The Cycle Board of Trade will hold
Its first annual banquet and . moker
to-morrow evening at 112 Pine street,
at 7 o'clock. The board has a plethoric
treasury, and this means was taken of
partially disbursing it and at the same
time bringing the members together in
social intercourse.
The Bay City Wheelmen's ball team
will cross bats with the nine of the
Olympic Cyclers in a practice game
next Sundey, at 12 o'clock, at the Velo
drome.
An important meeting of the C. A. C.
C. officers and roramitteempn will be
held to-night at room 137. Phelan
building. To-morrow night the board
of governors will meet at the Encinal
Club. Alameda, taking the 7:30 narrow
gauge boat from this side.
Kd C. Christ is on a business trip
through Southern California and Ari
zona for the Steams people.
James W. Coffroth of the Olym
pic Cyclers has returned from a
quick Eastern trip, and was well en
tertained during his short stay.
AN OPERATIC PRODUCTION.
The ThaMci German Hebrew Com
pany at the Bush-Street
Theater.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera
Company will produce the operetta
"Alexander, Crown Prince of Jerusa
lem." at the Bush-street Theater to
night and Sunday night. The operetta
Is based on a love story supposed to
have happened during the time of King
Hurdus. Alexander, the Crown Prince
of Jerusalem, falls in love with Naomi,
a peasant ftirl, and after several meet
ings they pledge their troth. Alexan
der gives his betrothed a ring which
she is to surrender to him three months
from the time he would became King.
Arlstablus, an eider brother of Alex
ander, dies suddenly, and Alexander
hastens to Jerusalem to assume the
throne. His mother, learning of his
love for Noami, has the ring stolen
from her while she is on her way to the
palace to- claim Alexander for her hus
band. When they meet, Alexander be
comes angry when Nnaml is unable to
produce or account for the loss of the
ring, and she faints. Orief over the
loss of her betrothed nearly causes her
death. Pome time later, Alexander
learns that N'oarni Is the child of his
elder brother and that she had been
stolen while an infant and adopted by
the peasant. After the usual explana
tions, Alexander marries his sweet
heart.
CELEBRATED CHRISTMAS.
The Russian Population Attend
Impressive Services at the
Greek Church.
Christmas was celebrated by the
Russians at the Greek church yester
day with Impressive and appropriate
ceremoni" <=.
The interior of the church was dec
<>rut<-d with wreaths of pine and ivy
twined with clusters of red holly ber
ries. About the walls and the few pil
lars were draped festoons of green ivy,
with here anfl there a display of large
brake.
The music for the occasion was both
beautiful and inspiring and was lis
tened to with deep appreciation by the
large attendance of worshipers.
Services will continue during the
next two weeks and will he specially
conducted by Bishop Nicholas.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVF.n.
Btmr George Loomls, Thursday. January 6.
Rtmr Qeorge Ixmmli, Bridßett. 12 hours from
Ventura; 6134 Mils oil to Pacific Coast Oil Co
Rtmr Alex Duncan, Parsons, 41 hours from
Huenome; produce to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Bark Gatherer, Slater. 10 days from Tacoma:
2220 tons coal to South Prairie Coal Co.
Bktn Uncle John. Murchison, 14 day* from
New Whntcom; lumber to rtellingham Bay Im
provement C*
Schr Beul&h. Mitchell, 18 days from Grays
Harbor: 400,000 ft lumber to Simyson Lumber
Co.
Bchr C T Hill, Rudbach. 17 days from Tllla
mook Bay; lumber to Truckee Lumber Co.
Schr Edward Park*. Johnson. 19 days from
Portland; 185,000 ft lumber to I) H Bibb Lum
ber Co.
Schr Reliance, Hansen. 3 days from risk's
Mill: 60 cords wood to R a GllbrWe & Co.
Schr Viking, Peterson. 19 days from Grays
Harbor; I*o.ooo ft lumber to S E Slade Lum
ber Co.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 45 bxs butter to J H NeWbauer & Co.
SPOKEN.
. Dec M, off Colombia River, ship Yoseml te,
from Tacoma for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived— Jan 8w Bchr
Premier, hence Dec 27. rr>mm*''^immmjnii
FORT BRA OKl— Sailed— Jan 6, stms Tilla
mook and Coqullle River, for Ban Francisco.
IMPORTATIONS. ,
Per Alex Duncan, from Lompoc— 1 Ml chairs.
140 bxs $85 sks dried apple*. 1153 ski beans, 3
eks canary seed, 3374 sks barley..
CONSIGNEES.
Per AJex Duncan— A Pallles & Co: Field &
Stone Co; Jonas, Erlanser & Co: H Dutard;
Bray Sons A CO: Standard Oil Co.- A V Hotal
ins & Co; Meyerf eld, Mitchell & Co: Cal Wlno
Assn: C Carpy &-Co: John Wleland Brew;
Guggenheim & Co; lieywcod Bros.
Auction 6'alee
, '■■'*... - 1 - ■.--...: -^ ■ .
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE ;;
J&* — AT —
BOSTON LIVERY STABLES, 2918 MISSION ST.
Between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
THIS DAT.
Friday January 7. 1898,
AT 11 A. M.
By order of W. S. Bishop (who is going to
retire from business on account of part of
utables. burned down), we will sell the con-
tents of above stables, consisting of 20 horses.
Including black team, 2 almost new Cunning-
ham hacks. 15 open and top buggies, % wagons.
3 arts, 30 sets of good harness, robes, blan-
kets, riding saddles, 1 Hall safe, office fur-
niture, etc.. etc Also the fast pacing mare.
Flora 8.. with a record of 2:20; 8 years old,
sound, kind and gentle; sired by Mambrino
Wilkes, and can be pe^n any time before day
of sale. SULLIVAN A DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneer*
Ofnc^— 327 Sixth Ft.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNB. Agents,
*23 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
y" V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
in # j|<>2. > >KF.AB>r>>T. Established
4sTtF«ii ill ISS'I forth? tr.-:itiii»>nt of Private
&Jjk JaW Dlspnses, Lost .Manhood. Debility or
isaj>2SSj£\Pw liXl '» <il ' v ■» > aringoiibodyand mind and
vMskl Skin Diseases. l'h''doctorcureswheii
«S£fAiW^?lJ' llll( ' - Try him. Charges low.
«?«iiSitiil4i Cnrrosuaraiilro-J. Callorwrite.
■>r. J. r. «iIBBO>', ISox lUsT.SanFriutcl3co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf A<a.
San Francisco, .13 follows: &&SK
For ports In Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11, 16,
21, 26, 81, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatoom (Belltngham Bay, Wash.), 9
a. m.. Jan. 1. 6. 11, 16, 21. 26, 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry., at Tacema with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1, 5. 10. 14, IS, 23. 26, 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20, 25, 29.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucop. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavt-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m., Jan. 1, 5. 9. 13, 17, 21. 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27. 31, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlnn. Altata, La Par, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
2d of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, Bailing dates
and hour* of . ratlin?.
TICKET OFFICE- Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF £5 First Class Including Berth
TAnE §0.50 2d Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF sailings:
State of California Jan. 3. 13. 23
Columbia Dec. 29, Jan. S, IS, 23
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
. Superintendents.
PBlifllMlA The S.S. MOAN A
IiMRIL fails via hoxolu-
lla "'" LU and Auckland
I*l ~^—- -~^ for SYDNEY. Satur-
riffiiinSnDc) l S.S. 1 AUSTRALIA.
CylWllUllll/ for HONOLULU only
• U>niß3lZ£}» Tuesday. Jan. 25, at
v£iiipui«) a p. m. special party
rates
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlanliqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North *■■?;&*
River, foot of I'orton st. Travelers <£TfTir^
by this line avoid both transit by ■■■'» **■**'»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, flrtt class $160.
second class $116.
LA BHETAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December IS. 10 a. m
i,A NORMANDIE. .......December 25. 10 a. m
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGXE January 8, 10 a. La
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. F1T, A 7.1 & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 6:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on tht
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER, J. D. PETERS.
MAItY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Me.ln SOS Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m., 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a- m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
Telephone Green 381.
For San Jose, Los Gains & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alvlso daily (Saturdays
excepttd) at S p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco end Alviso. 60c:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose.
BALLROAD TBAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run as
follows: |
Southbound. | Northbound.
Passcn- Mixed Station _ Mixed ! Panned
gc.r Sunday stations. Sunday ger
Dally. Exc'p'td Kxcp'td I Dally.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.mJ Stockton 3:45 p.m. . 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 12:30 p.m. Morced 12:&0 p.m. B:sSn.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:Sii a.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m.! 5:20 p.m. Hanford . :*5 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. « 45 p.m. Vis:.;la | C:Wa.m. 12:40 p.m.
_Stoppiug at Intermediate points when required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snallings, Coultarvllle. etc.;
also with stage from Uornitos, Maripasa. etc.;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madura.
dera. . ■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
19, 1897. ;.-;-;
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Vall«y and San Rafael— »9:So
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45. »:45, »5:15, 6:00, '6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— «10:00.
•11:30 a. m. n.-10, 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. '
1:15 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
i (Via 6au»aMo Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing . Nov.
13. 1807.
WEEK DAYS-9:30 a. m.; 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.: 1:15 p. m.
Special trips can be arranged fo-- by applying
to THOS. COOK & SON. 621 Market Ft.. San
Francisco, or telephoning Taver#of Tamalpais.
ANNUAL AUCTION SALE
&* ...-0P... i^s
HIGH-CLASS CARRIAGE HACKNEYS, MARES
AND GELDINGS,
Sired by imp. PARAGON, 2217 (English Hack-
ney Stud Book). Well Broken to Any Rig and
a le Es|: e Fr^n d o° Wne<l * *
— ALSO—
Consignments of Well-Bred Trotting and Pac-
ing Roadsters. Double Teams, Saddle
Ponies and Pony Teams, etc.
ON
MONDAY .JANUARY 10, 1898.
—AT 11 A. M., AT—
Salesyard, Cor. Market St. and Van Ness Aye.
HORSES NOW AT YARD.
KILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■
BOrTIIKRN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SVKXKM.)
Tr«lu» leave ami »»«•«• <lv«- to nrrlir« at
NAN llU\{<stt). -•
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) '
leave — From January \ 1898. — abrivb
. ""•8:OO * Hnes,San Jose and Way Stations ... • 8:45 a
7:00 v Itcnicia, BnisU ned Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7:00.v MarysTillc. Orwilleand Redding via
Woodland sr4."Jp
7rO<#A Vacavilic :inrl Rumse7 8:43p
7:3Wa Martinez, Sau Uamon, Vallejo. Xnpa,
Calistoga and f--aiifa Rosa 8:1.
8:U0a Atlantic lixprcss, Ogdcn and Ka»t.. »:*."> p
■»:ioa Miles, Ran Joso, Stockton, lone.
Bacrauieato, SfßrysTllle, - Chico,
Tchama ai:il Ilcd 1i1n11..... 4ill»i>
•«:80a Peters, Milton and Oak«.U!e "7tlsp
»:«»» New Orleans Hif—H. Merced, Ray-
mond, J'li'sim, l!ukcrsliei>l, Bat)M
i::»iiai.i. I,os Aiiselcx, DcmiiiK,
Xl Visa, New Orleans and K:iHt. oi4sp
S:OOa Vallcjo, Martinez, Merood and
Fre5n0.............. 12:13p
•|:OOp Sr.crauicnto [tiver Steamers.. *»:OOp
l:OOr Nile*. Sen Jcso and Way Stations.. ' J9:13.\
lrSOp Martinez and Way Stations.' ' 7:-f3p
B:OOp Li vena ore, Mendota, Ilanford and .
Vieali* 4:15?
....... Livermoro, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIO: 13 a
4:90p Martinez, San Ilamon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, £1 Verauo aud
sin, la lCnea ' »il3»
4tOOr Bcuicla, Vacaville, Woodland,.
Knights Landing, MaryaTillo, Oro-
ville and .Sacramento 10:43 a
4i3op Ni'.es, San Jose, Trncy and Stockton .. 7il3p
4:30p Lathroi>, Motleeto, Merccl, Bercnda,
Freano, Jioj^vo (for Kandgburg), -
Santa Uarljara and l.<w Angolus.. 7i43a
4:X«p Santa Fo lUmto, Atlantic Kxprcsa
fof Mojave and Knst 6:43 p
•[3:3 op " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El .
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Sock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East fjlOtlß a.
ir.l:3up " Sanset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East 5IO:13a
• :OOi- K\tropciiu Mail, Ogdeu and Kuat.... 9:43\
«:«Op lliiyirnrilH, N'iUsuiiil Han Jose 7:43 a
I JS:O«p Vallejo ;... U:*3p
8:«><»i - Oregon Bticrumento, Marys-
ville. Itoililln^, Portland, l'ngct
! Si.mii.l and ICngt Sil3a
!SAN LKAM»U(> AMI lIAYWAKikS LOCAL.
_ J. (Foot of Market Street.) __
j <*BiOOal ( 7:151"
8:OOa M*lros<>. Seminary Park, I*9x4s*
j lolvoX Fltehb»iK,El»li«^ ' \%&i
il 1:OOa San Leandro, Sooth San. ' 12:4.}p
: ia :OO M Leandro, EstndlU*, i ' |||J^
t : i:WOp Le««o,Cherrx. 1 t4:43p
4:« Op tS:45p
Stoop and 6ti3p
•g* Barnard^ T:|3p
8:00p <Tir, n g through to Nllei, I ,® : |3* >
ttunip.^ rTomailLa - ftlg:OCp
COAST MflHlM (Marrow <iauirf).
(Foot of Market Street. )
Mil!) A Newark. CeMtcrvill<i,Kun.lo«e,Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station!! „... Oi3Op
*St9Sp Newark, Ceuterville, San .loao, Jfeir
Almaden, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations •I»]S»4
4:1 Newark, Man .lose and Los Gates ... 9ißoa
! t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Joss and
j Wsy Stations „ }7:8 Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Sa<l FRIKCISCO — Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M. <1:00 •2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 *5:00 *6:00r.ll.
rromOilUHD— foot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 lOtQOk.n.
112:00 *l:30 tS:OO *3:00 U:00 *S:OOf.U.
COAST HI VISION (Broad Mange).
(Third and Townsend StB.)
SiSSa Han .lose »ml Way bttitious (New
Alr.istlcu Wednesdays only) 6:53 a
9;#Oa San .Toko, 'J'res linos, Simta Crux,
Pacilic (irovo, Paso Uulilcs, San
Luis OMspo, Gnodalitper Surf and
Princii>ul Way .St.itions 4:13r
! 1O:4«A Han Jnsu and Way Stations "8:00 a
I I1:3Oa San J.IBO mid Way Stations 8:33 a.
*2:3<»i'San Mateo, K«lwood, Moulo Park,
Santa Clara, .San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollu>ter, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Montert-y uml Pacific Cirove # IO:4Oa
•3:15r Sau aud Principal Way Stations # 9:<>Oa
| *4:15 - San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:45 v
*3:<>Op Joso and Principal Way Station* l<3Op
»:30r San Jose an.! Principal Way Stations si3op
«::»»p Sail Jose and Way Stations 7:20p
1 tll:4r»i- San Jest- und Way Stations 7;80p
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
* Sur.davs c\ce|>teii. i Sundays only, t Saturdays oulj.
tf Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
*i Mondays and Thursdays.
_. . { Wednesday* and Saturdays. " • _
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry,' Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:SO. 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:85,
2:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:30
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:10. 11:10 a. m.:
12:15. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:33 p. m. . ■ ■
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 8:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
j same schedule as aboTe. _^
Leave T »ffe«»t Arrive
San Francisco. OctT 24. ten Franci9<s O-
I Week I . Sun- Tw<t;™tinn I Sun- I Wee*
! Days. I days. Pestm<Ulon | flaya | day3>
'■■ 7:80.i.m. S:(X)a.m. 'Novato, 10: 40a.m. | 8:40 a.m.
1 8:30 p.m. 9:3Ua.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
:10p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7 :35p.m. i 6:23 p.m.
Fulton,
I 7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Eealdsburg,
Lytton.
GeyBerviile,
3:30 p.m. }8 :00 a.m. Cloverdale. j 7:85 p.m. 0:33 p.m.
j lHopland and I "~ "
7:30a.m.i8:00a.m.| Uklah. | 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:Soa.m. ] „ 10:25 a.m.
(8 :00 a.m. GuernevlUe. ?:S6p.m.
: 3 :Sop.m. > : [ 6:23 p.m.
| 7~30a.n7.; 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and ' . . . . t
: 5:10 p.m. is:oop.m.i 5:00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7:3o"a.ni."iBTooa.m.; gebagt-noi |10:40a.m.]10:25a.m.
3:30p.iu.5:0Up.m.! Seoaatcpol. | 7;85p.m.[ 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for
Vichy ings. Saratoga Spring, B!u« Lakes.
. Laurel Dell I.akc. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's Buck-
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lterley's, Buck-
, nell'a. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usa'..
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
j duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
, beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— €3o ' Market street, Chronicls
building. -■ •; ■:.': .i.w>_,
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Qen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
11l ■■■■Wl 111 CALIFORNIA
JgE*^^: LIMITED.
B^^^^^ SAN FRANCISCO
ll^^^^^U CHICAGO.
Trains leave from and arrive at Market-
| street Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office— Market St..
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
land Office— lllB Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— 2ol J st.
< The Best Railway— San Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
.. ■'■:«,'■'__ LIMITED. - "*
\ Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.?0 p m
, Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. Louis 7oi
1 a. m. Fridays and Mondays: arrive Chicago
; 8:43 a. m.. Fridays and Mondays. "««»«»
— DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars and Pullman^ Palaea
: Sleeping Cars. -. • ""»*•"»
This train carries First-Clasa Passengers
: only, hut no extra charge is made
The ATLANTIC EXPR3BS, leaving daily at
4:30 p. m.. carries Pullraan Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cirs on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago aDd Kansas City
tor all points East.
_New rails, new ties, new ballast. ' new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that interests by its varied an!
beautiful scenery. The highest grade ot pas*
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's tsv
mous dining-rooms. .
910
SELLING-RACE
WAR RAGING
McManus Got Back at Sam
Hildreth by Taking
George Lee.
Double Quick Captured His Race
Cleverly and Also Changed
Owners.
ittalnment Claimed From a Race.
Three Favorites Captured Purses.
Song and Dance In Front.
The selling rare war Inaugurated
some days ago at Ingleside Is proving
a most pro-lific source of income to the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. When
George Lee took the opening event in
clever fashion yesterday, "Plunger"
McManus got back at Sam Hildreth
for bidding up St. Cuthbert at the re
cent Oakland meeting by bidding the
winner up from $200 to $SOO. at which
figure Sam let the colt go. Attain
ment, a starter in the same race, en
tered to be suld far $400, was claimed
by Tintmona & Marks, which firm
started La Loma. The next "lift" oc
curred in the fourth race. Double
Quick, the winner, was entered to be
sold for $500, and when Frank Brown
bid him up to $1000. Atkins & Lott
ridge parted company with the chest
nut horse. By the smile that illumin
ated his countenance. By Holly evident
ly thought he unloaded a gold brick in
the last event, the extra six-furlong
run. Torsion, the fortunate winner, had
$300 opposite his name on the card, and
when Sam Hildreth said $500. By smil
ingly bid adieu to the big Torsion
horse and hereafter he will carry the
Hildreth colors. From this little batch
of "boosts" the Jockey Club profited
to the extent of $650. and the manage
ment smiles as the merry war rages
in all its fierceness.
The downpour of rain and the sloppy
going did not seriously interfere with
the success of the favorites, for four
out of six were successful. This does
not mean that by the downfall of the
other three the books profited to any
great extent, for all of them were fair
ly well backed.
No doubt the most serious setback
the talent received was over the result
of the two-mile run, a sweepstake at
$25 each, with $1000 added by the asso
ciation. The weights looked all in fa
vor of The Bachelor and he went to
the post a warm 6 to 5 favorite. The
slushy going, though, was not to his
liking and Song and Dance, the pace
maker, won in a big canter. The win
ner, carrying 112 pounds and Spencer
in the saddle, drifted back in the bet
ting from 5 to 2 to 16 to 5. Vinctor.
the second choice, was a dismal third.
George Lee looked the best of the
eleven starters in the opening seven
furlong run, ajjd finishing strong the
last part won handily from Attain
ment, the second choice, ridden by
Thorpe. The latter filly made all the
running. Barney Schreiber took third
money with Dr. Marks.
The smart filly Tea Rose looked a
"moral" for the five-furlong dash, but
after opening in the betting at even
money went back to 13 to 10. while
Count of Flanders was hammered
down from 8 to 5 to 11 to 10. Tea Rose
led from the first jump and won, pull
ing Clawson out of the saddle, from
the Count.
Double Quick, the 13 to 20 choice for
the fourth event at seven furlongs, was
given quite a forcible argument by
Harry Thoburn, but shook that geld
ing off in the stretch and won at the
wire by a couple of lengths. Thorpe,
on the latter, urged him so hard the
first part in a fruitless endeavor to beat
the winner that, staggering at the end.
he was beaten a "nose for the place by
Walter J.
Fog rolling in from the ocean ob
scured much of a view of the mile and
a sixteenth selling affair, for which the
Baldwin entry Argentina went to the
post a7to 5 chance. At any rate Eddie
Jones could not land her a winner.
Plan, the second choice, jumped out in
the lead and never headed led the first
choice over the line by three lengths.
Can't Dance was a close third, a block
In front of Cromwell.
The last event was declared off and
a cheap six furlong scramble substi
tuted. Ten started, with Sorrow carry
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB— lngrleside Track — Fifty-eighth day
■ of the Winter Meeting. Thursday, January 6, 1898. Weather
rainy. Track sloppy.
2^ FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. 1350.
Index. Horses. Weight. 'St.
353 George Lee 106~6
374 Attainment 105 1
346 Dr. Marks 101 2
366 Towanda 108 6
874 Highland Ball 107 8
273 Don Luis 104 8
157 Tiny P 103 7
310 Mordecal 113 10
860 Henry C 107 9
74 Bonlto 105 4
357 La Loma 99 11
hi
6
1
3
2
8
6
4
7
10
9
11
6 h
1 %
SH
2 3
7 4
8%
* *
9 10
10 4
A*
4 %
n:
2 4
5 3
6 14
7 3
9 12
10 5
8%
11
3 1%
4 1
2 \
5 1
6 5
, 7 4
8 2
10 10
9 2
11
1 M
2 %
3 ."
4 % \
6 h
6 20
7 4
Sh
9 2
10 12
11
Wr
Olawson I 7-5
Thorpe I 2
■Woods 8
Spencer 6
Golden 12
Powell 10
O'Donnell ... 30
C. 510 an.. .... 15
Narvaez 60
Morse 15
iDavlsson .. . . 100
15
12
10
15
&0
15
100
20
200
Time. l:31»,i. Wlnnf'
Won first three driving.
OO SECOND RACE— Fire furlongs;
; purse. $350.
350
(353)
(2W >
nustj ill, *.....jui
of Flanders. 3.. 94
is Rucker. 3 94
v and Arrow, 8.. 91
Roy, a.. 107!
4 M
&
- 38
1 S
2 6
4 2
5
3 7
1 4
2 10
43
6
3 4
1 2
2 25
3 2
4 10
6
iwßon
Woods ....
8-5 IX- :
5
40 V
100 ;<
4
I I
sany
ay
Brown
ptart lm Wo I n°easln Wlnner ' Atkln * Lottrl<J «* e '" eh - *• b y Imp. Midlothian-Red Rose.
Bad
394» THIRD RACE— Two miles; sweepstakes; $25 each. $1000 added; special weights.
Index. Horses. Weight. |St. \jm. mm. mm. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. |QPQ P ; — fT
391 Song and Dance, a. 112 3 11% 110 18 17 17 ISDencer 7k , -.-I
369 The Bachelor, 6....1101 1 44 2n 2 2 26 Pigeon 'si «"-
369 Vlncitor, 4 117 j 4 3h 3ns 84 38 330 Thorn* 8 5 ,
369 Billy McClosky. 5.. 100 2 2C 2h 4 4 4 in Novae's " '.'.. '. *50 l!
Won'e^'ln'u Wlnner ' ° y Carruthers' b. g. by The Bard-Heel . and Toe. Good start.
OQBE FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
; purse, $350.
-I!
HJ iiarry Tno&urn. 4. .106 3 2 2% 2 1-t, 2 2% 2 2 3 1 Thor
370 Joe Terry. 5 100 2 6 8 5 8 4J 48% 415 Gray
375 Red Glenn, a INI 4 8 4 1 612 66^ E J
876 Doyle. 6 97j 6 6 8 1 6 6 J. V,
Time, 1:89%. Winner, Atkln * Lottrldge's eh. h. by Buckr»7wand~
easily.
'. 5
hoburn, 4..
1
■6
1
2
4
6
«
3 1
4 15
6 3
6
rpe 6-2 6-2
T 10 15
tones 10 15
V r oods . . . . 30 60
Fair start. Won
r..:::::!
y. 5
pn, a
I
les '
ods ....
396. F purs" CE ~° ne "* * BUteenth mlle " : "elllng; three-year-olds and upward!
'.ri'.by.
jn.
-. ii
< ■
Plan. 3 911
Argentina. 5 109
Can't Dance, 6 109
Cromwell. 6 108
Palomacita, 5 100|
1
4
I
1 3
2 4
4 10
3 8
2
M
■
8
2
30
n
1 8
2 2
3 n !
4 30
6
iweon
Jones .....
Bgott ......
ley
'aney |
Time, 1:50%. Winner. W. Fisher's eh. g. by Imp.
start. Won easing- up.
Prestonpans-Katy Fletcher.
Good
T SIXTH :
; three- year-olds and upward; purse, fSSO.
[orses.
slon, 4 1091
row, 3 87
Mascota, 6 101
g, 3 95
.rtreuse 11, a... 105
a, 6 105
■eel, a 105
pst Guard. 8 89
ly Ashley, 3 87
t. a 114
8
\l
5
2
:
3
6
7
I!!
2
n
3
2V4
'-»
ji
1 n
2 6
3 4
4 h
6 1
fi h
7 2
8 1
9 10
10
IKK'HI I
Wood* ....
swell
Connor ....
olden
. Jones
arvaez
ray
iawson
obln
:17. Winner, HOII7 * McPlke's b. g. by Torso-Rlcardo. Good start.
Won first
three
ing 87 pounds ruling a hot 9 to 10 favor
ite. Woods got the worst of an uneven
break, and though the fast mare made
up a deal of ground thus lost could not
get up to Torsion, ridden by Plggott,
which grot the decision by a neck. La
Mascota, a 20 to 1 shot, ran into the
show.
TRACK ITEMS.
PiKfjott, who had the mount on Torsion,
fined $50 for carrying Woods on Sorrow wide
turning: into the Ftretch.
Palomacita arrears to be more than little
Meany can manage. The mare ran nut with
him at the first turn, ruining all her chances.
Lonnle Clayton, the crack colored rider, has
arrived here. He was merely a spectator at
the track yesterday, hut will probably take a
hand In the game to-day. He has l>e*>n a gen
eral favorite wherever he has ridden, and no
doubt will score a success at the two big tracks
here.
HuKhpy Jones has purchased the well-known
performer Benamela for $6. r .O. It looks as
though the bookmaker stood a chance to win
him out to-day.
Tom Ryan paid that he thought Tea Rose a
"pipe," but that the wise division talked him
into playing his own colt.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race — Seven furlonjrs: selling.
873 Nonchalance .. .107 573 Draught 104
3«S Attlcus 104 ■•■ Fred Gardner. ..llo
(VAI Triumph 114 388 Sonlro 104
3SO Charles A. .107 389 Twinkle Twtnk.l'J2
Pecond Race — Six furlongs: purse.
.145 Hermoso 114 346 Catawba 101
302 Highland 8a11. ..114 ... I.* Mamma P9
Sfi3 Hardly 9? 356 Carl Ist 101
399 I Don't Kn0w. .119 .IRS The Dlpp«r 104
... Caspar 134 (379)Elnsteln 104
(J6O) Prince Tyrnnt .104
Third Race — One mile; selling.
291 Cavallo inn ( SSI Coupon 111 inj
390 Benamela 106 369 O.Mllns ICJ
SSI Pick Behan ....ltt 376 Personne 110
(373) Velox 104 i 352 Veragua 106
349 Alahabad 102 3?s Sllss Ruth l"0
3>i.i Ciforce Palmer. .103' 3SS Rufalba 102
249 Schiller 109 ClS«>Kalser Ludwlg. .107
tn Marcel 103 373 Mule Blnger ... "3
390 Little Cripple ..106
Fourth Race — Seven-eighths of a mile.
S7S Alma 102 357 Mercutlo 1"7
373 Los Troncos ...104 (SO)N'ewsgatherer ..111
873 Pleasanton . . . . 104 S!<o Charll- Rleff ...107
Fifth Race — Seven-eighths of a mile; selling.
BS9 Stentor W "<2 Hermanlta 106
352 Major Cook 114 3*9 Put Murphy 107
395 Har. Thoburn ..104 ... Hazard 107
?M Miss Prim tU 352 Lost Girl 109
859 Jack Martin .... 114 "7 Peril 105
3!-o Lena HH
Sixth Race — One mile: three-year-olds.
393 Ct. of Flanders. llfii ... Linstock 101
R4 Mortnel M4| 874 La Goleta 99
3*3 Tule 104 2P3 Dr. Bernays ...101
S«l Los Prietoa 106 374 Martha II 104
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
First Race — Triumph, Nonchalance,
Charles A.
Second Race— Hardly. La Maroma, Einstein.
Third Race— Benamela, Collins, Schiller
Fourth Race — Newsgatherer, Mercutlo,
Charlie Relff.
Fifth Race— Miss Prim, Hermanlta, Hazard.
Sixth Race — Count of Flanders. Yule, Mar
tha 11. ______________
HYPNOTIZED BY
HEAVING WATER
So Says Miss Ray Frank of
the Many Ferry Sui
cides.
Despondenoy, Business Failure and
Unrequited Love Not the Cause
of Self- Destruction.
Miss Ray Prank gave forth the the
ory yesterday at her lecture at Mrs.
Sloss' residence that It Is not despon
dency, business failure, unrequited
love and the like that leads to bo many
suicides from the ferry-boats passing
Goat Island. She says the unfortu
nates who thus cast away their lives
are hypnotized by the moving water.
She states that it is dangerous to
look upon the moving water, for the
motion is in opposition to th,» motion
of the person, and therefore the person
is so powerfully affected as to make
him throw himself Into the bay.
On the other hand, she states that if
the water had the same motion as the
person no opposition would arise and
consequently it would have no lnrlu*
ence.
Not of all the people that end their
lives in this manner dees Miss Frank
speak, but it is her theory that this is
the case with the majority.
During her lecture she recalled the
old legend that God when he made
man endowed him with every blesnlng
and gift that he himself had, and when
it came to the last he decided to hold
back one gift lest man would not need
him. This gift was rest. Seeking for
this Is the object of the whole world;'
it is the problem that makes men
brothers; that has touched the human
world more than any other.
Jo, the Divorce Courts.
George Green was granted a divorce
from Olivia Green yesterday on the
ground of desertion. John A. Martin
was granted a divorce from his wife,
Catherine E. Martin, on the ground of
willful desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JAXLTARY 7, 1898.
THE VERDICT
IS TOO SEVERE
So Say the Attorneys of
Dick Phelan, the Sierra
County Murderer.
The Supreme Court Will Be
Asked to Set Aside the
Judgment.
A Much Talked of Case That Will
Probably Be a Long
One.
Another appeal from the Judgment
rendered in a recent murder trial is
being perfected and will soon be pre
sented to the Supreme Court.
On October 19 Richard Phelan, the
superintendent of the Gold Ridge
Mine, a claim owned by the Marguer
ite Mining Company in Sierra County,
shot and killed Daniel O'Connor, a
miner and prospector of that section
of the country.
The shooting was the outcome of a
similar affair of a year ago in which
O'Connor's brother, James, was hit in
the hip by a builet fired at Phelan by
a man named Paul Muller, who was
himself shot and instantly killed by
Phelan. Phelan was acquitted of the
murder of Muller, as it was shown at
the trial that Muller and O'Connor had
been sent up by some of the other
stockholders In the concern to jump
Phelan's portion of the claim and
thereby freeze him out, Phelan's affi
davit of assessment work being held
back to afford an excuse for the ac
tion; also that when the fracas oc
curred Phelan acted entirely on the
defensive, not shooting until Muller
had shot at him and wounded O'Con
nor In his endeavor to kill.
After recovering from his wound
O'Connor left that part of the coun
try, but his brother, Dan, remained,
continuing In the employ of Phelan,
though he made, almost daily, threats
against the life of his boss because
of the injuries suffered by his brother
James.
Finally Dan O'Connor became so
troublesome that Phelan was obliged
to discharge him. After receiving no
tice of his discharge he went to work
on a claim of his own, situated some
four miles from Phelan's mine. He
and his partner were entirely without
funds, and had it not been for the
fact that Phelan continually sent them
supplies and provisions, agreeing to
wait for his money until such time
as they could pay it, they would have
been forced to abandon their enter
prise. Notwithstanding these acts of
friendship on Phelan's part, O'Connor
continued his threatening language.
O'Connor was addicted to the use of
Intoxicants, and when in town usually
got drunk. On the day of the killing
Phelan and O'Connor met in Sierra
City, and after some short conversa
tion separated, Phelan returning to
his mine, which is located some two
miles out of the city. While working
on the trail leading to that place he
encountered O'Connor, who was re
turning from the town. Without a
word of warning O'Connor opened
fire on Phelan, discharging his revol
ver twice, but failing to hit his In
tended victim. Before he could shoot
a third time Phelan returned the fire
with a rifie, shooting once, the bullet
striking O'Connor on the side of the
neck and killing him instantly. Phe
lan's rifle was one which belonged In
his camp, but which he had taken
from there In order to prevent It from
getting into the hands of an intoxi
cated employe.
Messrs. Edward J. Banning and
Barclay Henley, who are associated
with Hon. F. D. Soward as attorneys
for the defendant, claim that the ver
dict of murder in the second degree,
brought in by the Jury which tried the
defendant at Downievllle, was not a
just one nor one In accordance with
the testimony; as the very worst
which could possibly be expected from
the evidence, granting that the theory
of the prosecution was correct, would
bo a verdict of manslaughter. They
further claim the community was so
antagonized by the misrepresentations
of the two newspapers there — the Mes
senger, in which Fred Wehe, the Dis
trict Attorney, Is financially Inter
ested, and the Enterprise, whose edi
tor. John B. Irish, was associated with
Wetee in the prosecution, that it was
impossible for their client to obtain
an impartial trial.
Phelan was sentenced to serve
twenty-five years in Folsom.
WILL VISIT HIS
FORMER HOME
The Rev. Dr. Bolton Granted an
Indefinite Leave of
Absence.
Ho Is Now Convalescing After a
Very Severe Attack of
Neuralgia.
The Rev. W. W. Bolton, rector of
the Church of St. Mary the Virgin, on
the corner of Union and Steiner
streets, will leave for Victoria, B. C,
on Tuesday next to be absent for sev
eral weeks, if not months. Dr. Bolton,
who was the first rector of the church,
has been ill for some time past, and
his physicians recommended a change
of climate and scene. He came here
from Victoria eight years ago, and he
believes that a trip to his old home
will restore him to health.
"I am subject to neuralgia," Bald
Dr. Bolton last night, "and I am now
recovering from a particularly severe
attack. My physicians Informed me
that absolute rest and a change of cli
mate were necessary to completely
restore me to health. When the vestry
of the church heard of the opinion of
the physicians they kindly granted me
a leave of absence. I have permis
sion to remain away until I feel that
I can again take up my pastoral
work. I hope that a month's rest will
be sufficient, but it may take longer.
My family 'will remain in the city
during my absence."
The vestry has not yet decided who
will take charge of the church during
the absence of Dr. Bolton. The Rev.
E. Van Deerlin of Grass Valley wili
relieve Dr. Bolton after next Sunday.
He will probably remain here about
two weeks, and in the meantime some
of the clergymen will be selected to
occupy the pulpit until Dr. Bolton re
turns.
To Cure a Cold_r) One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money if it' falls to cure
26c. The genuine has L B. Q. on each table
WILL MEET TO
FILL VACANCIES
A Special Session of the
Police Board Is
Called.
Speculation as to Who Will Be
Made a Sergeant and a
Detective.
The Wife o f a Member of the Force
Will Ask That Her Husband
Be Disciplined.
The fact leaked out yesterday that
the Police Commissioners will hold a
special meeting to-morrow night,
which caused a good deal of comment.
One of the objects of the meeting will
be to fill the vacancy caused by the re
tirement of Sergeant Fitzgerald. The
promotions of Corporal Ayers and Po
liceman Owen Gorman to fill the va
cancies due to the retirement of Ser
geants Cornelius Martin and Abe
Houghtallng were expected and have
given general satisfaction throughout
the department, but it was confidently
anticipated that the other vacancy
would have been filled at the same
time.
It has developed that the reason was
owing to the Commissioners being un
able to agree upon the lucky one.
There are quite a number of men seek
ing promotion who by their meritori
ous work and years of service are just
ly entitled to recognition, and their
claims are being vigorously presented
by their friends. The difficulty of
selecting one out of the number agree
able to the three Commissioners could
not be surmounted Wednesday night
and consequently it was decided to
meet again to-morrow night. In the
meantime an effort will be made to ar
rive at an amicable understanding, so
the appointment can then be made.
It is also understood that at the
meeting the vacancy in the detective
department will be filled. It has been
in existence since last April when Ben
Bohen was promoted to be captain of
detectives, and no apparent reason has
ever been advanced for keeping it
open so long. Two names have been
prominently mentioned several times
for the position— Ed Wren and Harry
Reynolds. Both have been doing de
tective work for some time and are
eminently qualified to fill the bill. Wren
has been associated with Detective Ed
Gibson, and together they have made
several Important arrests, the latest
being the Japanese murderer, George
Tauchi.
A case will also be heard by the Com
missioners of a delicate nature. The
wife of a member of the force has pre
ferred a charpe apainst her husband
of being unfaithful to his marriage
vows, and she wants the Commission
ers to discipline him and compel him
to behave himself like an officer and
a gentleman.
Two Burglars Convicted.
John Brown, who on the Ist of last De
cember entered the warerooms of the
Brooks-Follls Ek-ctrlc Corporation, f.23
Mission street, and carried off a number
of electrician's torches, was convicted of
r.urKlary In the second decree In Judre
Cook's court yesterday. Thomas Corsey.
who was caught in the act of looting the
apartments of Dudley Connor. Mission
and Second streets, on the 15th of last
September, was convicted In Judge
Dunne's court of burglary In the first
degree. The prisoners will be sentenced
Saturday.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PUPINEPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op<-n until 9:30 o'clock.
83S Hayes street: open until 8:S0 o'clock.
€il McAllister street; open unttl 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
B.NY. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
8518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
l£oo Polk street; open until »:30 o'clock.
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL. .>OTICE9.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph^lnfant
Asylum from July 1. 1896. to December 31
1897: John Carey. 4 years; Frank Carey. 5
years; August Collins, 3 years; Walter Con-
nolly, 4 years; Eddie Fallon, 5 years; Alice
Gallon. 3 years: Josle Stack. 5 years; Mary
Stack. 3 years; John Sullivan. 5 years; Frank
Sullivan, 3 .yeurs; Edith Gallagher. 6 years-
Bell Gallagher, 4 years. '
ENTERTAINMENT and ball given by the
United California Finn Sisterhood, at Union
bquare Hall. 421 Post St.. Saturday evening
January 8, ISSS. at 8 o'clock. Admission 25c!
THE orphans and half-orphans admitted Into
bt. Francis Girls Directory Orphan Asylum •
since July 1. 1597. to January 1, ISaS. are as |
follows: Orphans— Mary Brlseno, age 13; I
Celia Brlseno. age 8; Bertha Symoa, age 5.
Half-orphans— Marcella Matthews, age 7-
Frances Matthews, age 6; Adela Dobrogolska.
age 13;. Victoria Dobrogolska, ace 10; Mlrtle
Kelly, age 9; Bessie Kelly, age <; Ida Kelly,
age 6; Minna Kirby, age 6; Jennie Klrby, age
2; Ella Riley, age 12; Frances Carnella, age
6. Maggie McGlade. age 11. Boys— William
Kelly, age 6; George Klrby, age 7; George
Lee, age 2; John McGlade, age 6; FranK Mc-
Glade, age 7.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San Francisco
Cal., has received the following orphans and
half-orphan clrls from Sept. 30 to Dec. 31,
I 1897: Catherine Gomas. aged 6 years 8
months: Ella Gcmas, aged 3 years 1 month;
Pearl Lavin, aged 12 years 8 months; Harriet
Frances Lee, aged 7 years; Frances Follls,
aged 7 years 5 months.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, corsets, hosiery, underwear, bed-
spreads, towels, laces, linings, trimmings,
veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. ICS Fifth St. ■
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. , ■
MRS. DR. FISH. 101*4 Grant aye.. rm. 2; eleo-
trlcian: alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 60 up.
239 Third st. ~ ■
JNO. HULTIIEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. - 8 Mason st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery at., room 6: tel. E5BO.
-r^r^ -, DIVIDEND NOTICKS. ------.
DlVU3ENlTNo^ice^S^v^gs~BJid^L^a7r^ociety.
101 Montgomery street, corner of Sutter. The
Board of Directors declared a dividend for
the term ending December 31. 1897, at the rate
of four (4) pet cent per annum on . term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3 per cent)
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Monday,
January 3. 18%.
CYRUS W. CARMANT, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
. Geary street — The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: 4.20 per
• annum on tern and 3.60 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January S. 1898.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
Dividend Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society. 626 California street: For the
half year ending December SI, 1897. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per
annum on term deposits, ■ and three and fifty-
five hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per annum
oi ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Monday, January 3. 189 S.
. ' GEO. TOURNT. Secretary.
The Continental Building and Loan Asso-
ciation of California. No. 222 Sansome St., has
declared for the year ending December 31. 1897,
a dividend of 6 per cent per annum on ordin-
ary deposits. .7 per cent on one year term de-
posits, 10 per cent to class "F" stock, and 12
per. cent to class "A" stock.
. DR. ED E. HILL, President
• • -' CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE.
WM. COR BIN. Secretary. Vice President.
MEETING NOTICES.
TERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No.
I— Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING. January 7. at 8 o'clock. »A
GEORGE J. HO HE. /V>\
Secretary. HBBf
PACIFIC LODGE No. 136, F. and A. m
M . 121 Eddy st., will assemble on Jk
FRIDAY, the 7th, at 1 p. m.. to at- XJf
tend the funeral of our late brother, < r^r»
H. A. SHELTON. Master Masons are in-
vited. GEORGE PENLINQTON. Sec.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- . ■c/ a-
lan Club THIS- EVENING at 8 A, {*$]
o clock, Scottish Hall, 111 LarkJn ■Vxx£s?
•t. JOHN REID. Chief. *^SNT
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the office of the company,
which office is now temporarily situated at
No. 319 California street. City and County of
ban Francisco, State of California, on MON-
J-'AI, the 17th day of January. lias, at the
hour of two o'clock p. m. on said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day, January 11th, ISas, at 3 o'clock p. m.
QBOROE W. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6th. IS9B.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation, 14 Sansome St., room 16,
San Francisco, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY,
January 20, 1898, to elect directors to serve
ror the ensuing year, and for the transaction
or such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. c. WINANS. Secy.
THE regular annual meeting of the San Fran-
cisco Ladles' Protective and Relief Society
will be held at the "Home. " Franklin street,
between Post and Geary, Thursday, January
13, 1898, at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN. Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Sum Dum
chief Mining Company will be held at the
ofllce of the company, room 3, in the Hobart
building, i 32 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on FRIDAY, the 7th day of January. 18!*8,
at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
during the ensuing year and the transaction
or such other business as may come before
the meeting.
H. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
Office— Room 3 In the Hobart building. 53J
Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Spring Valley Water Works will be held at
the office of the company. No. 126 Stockton
»t.. San Francisco, at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WEDNESDAY, the 12th day of January. 1898.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before <the meeting
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the California
Dry Dock Company will be held at the office
or the company. No. 302 California at.. San
Francisco, on Monday, January 10, 18S8, at 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
JAS. W. HART, Secretary.
Office— No. 802 California St.. room 3.
San Francisco. Dec. 27. 1897.
tS9 HAVES— Branch office of The Call; »üb-
scrlptlons and want ads taken.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9 30
o clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
_tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT competent nurse girl desires situation;
references; $15; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter »t.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; good seamstress;; 2
years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 32S Sutter St. "
WOMAN with a child desires situation at
housework; $10; references. MISS CULLEN.
3^5 Sutter st.
COMPETENT young woman with I children
desire* situation; good cook and laundress;
best references; country; wagea no object.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH nurse, wfth references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
COMPETENT young woman wants permanent
situation; will care for children, assist with
studies and upstairs .work; two years In last
place; wager. $:;. Call or address Advertiser.
?"1 Stockton st., cor. California.
W< 'MAX, good barkeeper, cook and manager of
hotel, wishes position In mining camp or
country; references or security given. Ad-
dress box 447. Call office.
J3KRMAN woman wants situation to do up-
stairs work and take care of children or
light housework. 3033 Sixteenth st.. bet.
Mission and Valencia.*
TOCNO girl wants to assist In light house-
work or take care of children; Is willing
and obliging. 1057 Golden Gate are.
GERMAN woman like to get work by the day:
washing, cleaning and cooking. Call 933
Howard St.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation to
tp.k* care of baby; best of reference if re-
quired. MRS. W., 1017 Polk st.
SWEDISH girl wishes general housework; Is a
good cook; city or country. Address box
434. Call office.
GERMAN Truman desires a few more engage-
ments; washing. Ironing or housecleaning.
Address 42SH Fifth St.
TOUNQ laily wishes a situation as house-
keeper: city or country- Call 118 Sixth st.,
room 52.
WOMAN, fully competent, would like situation
as housekeeper: widower's family preferred;
references. Address A. 8., 123 Turk st.
Y< >I'NO lady of refinement desires a place aa
housekeeper, or will do plain mending. Room
6. 1007 Market Ft.
T< FUNG Scandinavian woman wishes situation:
is reliable and a good cook. Address KVA
Minna st.
WOMAN, with girl of 6. wants housekeeper's
position: city or country; no triflers. 520 Bush.
WOMAN wishes to do housework: city or
country; small wages. 761 Mission pt.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, assist chamberwork;
city or country: references. Box 445. Call.
GOOD cook and down stairs work: city or
country; reference. Box 444. Call office.
Y< 'UNO plrl wishes position as chambermaid;
good seamstress. Box 438. Call office.
YOUNG frlrl desires position as typewriter or
bookkeeper. Call 131 Taylnr st., room 2.
YOUNG girl, good sewer, wishes to work for
dressmaker. Address 1473 Fifteenth st
SITUATION as lady's companion by young
lady: best of references. l'"'J3 Market St.
SITUATION as cashier by refined young lady;
good references. 1023 Market Bt.
BY first-class housekeeper: best of references.
A. N., box 448. Call office.
TOUNO lady from the South wishes position aa
housekeeper. Call 207 Post St., rooms 1 and 2.
WANTED, by an elderly lady, position aa
housekeeper In widower's family; city or
country. Address A. 8.. 1553 Fifth, Oakland.
GIRL would like place to do housework or up-
stairs work. Call at 24 1 *. Killing Bt., off
Eleventh, bet. Howard and Folsom.
REFINED, educated girl, place as companion
and will assist with housework: wages $10 to
$12. Address E. A., box 10, Call, Oakland.
WANTED — By an American widow, situation in
a family of 2 to cook or care for Invalid; best
of references; city only. Box 432, Call office.
WIDOW wishes position aa housekeeper or will
do sewing and mending at home. Call 116
Sixth at., room 6.
YOUNG Eastern woman wants a place as
housekeeper; no objection to country. 223
Post st., room 1.
YOUNG woman desires upstairs work and
willing to take care of chllldren; wages $20
183 Jessie st.
NURSE— Sick or confinement nurse desires en-
gagements. Box 431, Call office.
YOUNG lady desires a permanent place as
housekeeper; speaks German, Spanish and
French languages. 11l Geary St., room Z.
YOUNG lady would like a place as house-
keeper; willing to go to the Klondike Id the
spring. 120 Vi Geary st.. room 2.
WANTED— By lady <3"), position as house-
keeper. Address box 421. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires steady employment as
typewriter. 1015 Market St.. room 17, 2d floor.
REFINED young widow wants position aa
housekeeper. 238 Kearny et., room 9.
YOUNG lady copyist wants a place. 101 ft
Grant aye., room 16.
MISS VIOLA MARTIN. Job typewriting. 118H
Ellis St.. rooms 3 and 4.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day at $1 50. Apply Hancock House, 781 Mis-
sion St., room 12.
TOUNO lady desires n position aa housekeeper.
Call at 126 Fourth St., room 21. second floor.
SITUATION wanted to do chamberwork. and
seamstress: references. Box 401, Call office.
YOUNG »lrl would like a place In candy store
or bakery. Box 397, Call office.
YOUNG German girl desires a place as house-
keeper. Call 118H Ellis st.. room 22.
Y< >TNO lady desires position as housekeeper.
Call room 2. 214 O'Farrell St.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good Otter,
sews 50 cents a day or $2 50 a week. M. \V..
box 410, Call office.
YOUNG lady wants a steady place as house-
keeper; no objection to the country. 821 Mis-
sion et., room &
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG lady would like a housekeeper's place;
no objection to the country. Call 126 Fourth.
room 23. 2d floor.
YOUNG woman wants a situation as tailoress.
Address Winchester House. 44 Third, room 79.
YOUNG woman desires a place aa house-
keeper. Call 1104 Mission, near 7th. room 10.
YOUNG German lady desires position as
housekeeper. 112 Taylor st., room 7.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or do plain mending. 131 Fourth St.,
room 1.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant ay.
RECENTLY from the East, young lady, good
appearance, unlncumbered, wants a position
as cashier in hotel; city or country; good
penman. Box 340, Call office.
YOUNG lady typewriter would like a steady
place; city or country- 207 Post st., room 9.
BY refined Invalid's nurse, mental or nervous
case: male or female; first-class references.
Box 316. Call office.
167 NINTH St.— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scripttons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day, hour
or evening. 122* O'Farrell Bt.; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 30 Geary st. Tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese em p.
office. 614H California st. ; tel. Main 231.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414*4 O'Fairell. Tel E. 428.
SITUATION wanted— German gardener, with
best local references and 15 years' practical
experience in all garden work, wishes situa-
tion in private place. Address box 440, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position as ranch fore-
man; has 15 years' experience; can furnish
good references. Address W. C. COLES, Ahl-
born House, city.
GERMAN man and wife would like to take
charge of chicken or fruit ranch, vineyard or
private residence. Address B. C, box 436
Call office.
POSITION as watchman around a bank or
store; will give $160 security and references.
Address box 437. Call office.
YOUNG German wishes work of any kind: had
experience as nurse, driving delivery wagon,
etc. Address box 430, Call office.
BARTENDER would like to have position to
tend bar; good references. Address 539 Geary.
WANTED— By a man to work for a private
family; can do all kinds of work; horses,
cows, gardening; willing and obliging; city or
country. Address J. M. J., 631 Sacramento st.
BY young man (German), to wash dishes, as-
sist in cooking, saloon or other work; city or
country. Address H. VIELITZ, 136 Sixth St.,
room 11.
YOUNG German wishes situation as dish-
washer; willing and steady. A. KAUGER,
655 Mission st.
YOUNG man , place In restaurant or hotel as
pantry-boy; speaks French and English. Box
433, Call Office.
WANTED— Work at paperhanging by the day,
roll or Job. Address HALL, 1049 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese butler wants situation
In the city; good references. Box 422, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German farmer wishes situa-
tion; understands gardening, care of horses
and milking; long experience in raising poul-
try. Address C. S., Reno House, 631 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Situation as porter or waiter by
an Englishman; best of references. Address
H. GAYLER. 283 Thirteenth st.
STEADY young man 20 years of age would like
work: 3 years in la3t place. Call or address
2436 Post St.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger and painter, hav-
ing a complete outfit of ropes, etc., wants
work. 1302 Webster St.
WANTED— Situation as coachman, gardener or
any position requiring industry and faithful
service. Address J. 5.. 807 Washington st..
Oakland.
COLLEGE graduate desires few pupils to
teach In private families; English In all
branches, mathematics, etc. : terms reason-
able: hours to suit pupils. Address Teacher,
2*.»" Pacific st.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. ITO, 22 Prospect place.
SITUATION In any clerical capacity: salary
not considered: references of a high stand-
ard. Aodress Box 337, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respect-
able: free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
WAITRESS. $6 a week; waitress, Vlsalia. $20
and room; waitress, Sonora, $20 and
room: German chambermaid, $20 and room;
waitress. Oakland. $20, etc.; girl, small
boarding-house, Oakland; cook, dellcacy-
Btore, $23: cook, small place, $20 and room; 9
waitresses. $20 and room; 7 more waitresses. $5
a week; 13 girls, small restaurants. $3 to $4
a week; 10 waitresses, $15 and room; 4 wait-
resses. $1S and room; 3 chambermaids and
wait, $20 and room each: 3 kitchen girls, $10
to $15 per month: waitress, $5 a week and
room; chambermaid and waitress, same
house, $30 and room: 3 waitresses, same ho-
tel, country; 2 waitresses, same house, city.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, 2 In family, $10- girl
Alameda. $!.".; 2 girls, Hyde, $15; girl. Point
Lobos. $15; girl. Novato, $15: girl, Eddy. $15-
girl, Sutter. $15: girl, Capp, $15; 2 girls, Web-
ster, $13; girl. Broderlck. $15; girl, McAllis-
ter. $15; girl. Tost. $15; girl. Nineteenth, $15-
girl. Central aye., $15; girl. Oak, $15; girl
OFarrell. $15: girl. Howard, $15; girl, Fulton,
$15; girl. Millwood. Cal.; girl, $1 per day-
girl, Eddy, $15; 17 young girls, $S, $10 and $li
per month. MARTIN & CO., 743 Market
THREE housekeepers, country: see parties here
early. S to 11 a. m. MARTIN & CO. 749
Market. . .
FIVE women cooks. $20 to $30 and room. MAR.
TIN & CO., 749 Market.
YOUNG girl; light housework; 2 In family
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl; $15: 2 In family. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .
WAITRESS restaurant; $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young second girl; $25. MISS CUL-
_LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN". French or Swedish cook; $35. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress; $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. "-trSt
CHAMBERMAID and wait; one meal- i 7?
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
WORKING housekeeper; $20. • MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st. *"-.«,
B s^^^ra^as^S IBSt,l BSt,g l g'' r » ?
LEn: 3S fl Sutte BB r eC s°t nd * lrl: * 10 - MISS CUL -
LAUNDRESS: $30. MIS3~CULLEN. 525 Sutter.
NURSE: one child; $25. MISS CULLEN, ~KS
FRENCH chambermaid; $20. MISS CULLEN~
o-r» but ter st.
T «-° Bl^ ls . 1 1^ ln ?« house, cook and Becond girl
$2 ? and $15; 10 good cooks and housework
li» and $20; 8 girls for housework $15!
» $12 and $10 ; 3 German nurse and second
girls. $15 and $20; 10 girls for houseworl
10S UGelrU GeIry t2 8 V and **' C *• SEN & CO..
SHA MPOOERS for ladies' department In in..."
Ge^t^ °- R - H^SS e ?^.^S
s^C^) f . Or iO?Ge t a7y ! ss O ttel:t teI:
28 WAITRESSES for different country~h^l7
north and south. $20 each; 6 strong chamhJr'
c-nTry h Ct^/4iH
C^. k ' 3 T6 l^tegst BeWOrk - J - F - CRol'e^V^
COOK, $25; house girl. 2 In family 125 ■ f*«r
man house girl. $20. no washing- middle-aVed
woman. $20; young girl. $io to fir cook. Oxk-
: . II 3 C °s nn u 1«1 «e BB r r st. Oakland - * 2 °
T )Y?, waltre3Be s. flret-claas hotel. $20; protes-
»! MS,^^ housework on P ranch.
rl't a RP»nv K f ; housework girls. Ml'R-
«^-«6 Cta? ■?. ' g cm P lo y men ' a*«nts.
*n ] Vor^Tce hotel Tear city
kitchenLS ?' y at $20 *** m °nth: no
&CO? K« Clay st aSe aPPIy tO W ' D E " VV ' ER
HELP WANI ED— Continued.
WANTED— A tidy, competent girl, general
housework; good laundress and baker; two in
family: wages, $15. Call "o-day between 2
and 4 o'clock, at 814 Fulton st.
WANTED— Teacher, normal or university
graduate; 3 years' experience: country school;
$75. Fisk Agency. 420 Parrott building.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 1719
Webster st.
WANTED— Young German girl for general
housework and to help in baker store. Call
645 McAllister St.
GIRL about 13 years to assist in light house-
work for a home. Apply 1033 Noe St., near
Twenty-fourth.
GIRL to cook and do housev.-ork for 3; must
have references. 1111 Shotwell Bt.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10. 1928
Sutter st.
GIRL to assist in housework. 1935 Howard Bt.
WANTED— A tailoress. 32 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons; will also
take a few inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grovs sts.
AN elderly lady of refinement, who can cook,
is experienced in the care of children and
general housework, and who can give excep-
tional reference, will please address AL-
BERT TAYLOR, city.
WOMAN under 40 years of age to do light
housework; good home and proper pay to
right party. Call after 10. 316 Taylor st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework;
French or German preferred. Call from 9 to
12. 1420 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, 14 or 16, to take care of child: a
good home will be given; email wages. 2601
Sacramento st., bet. 10 a. m. and 1 p. m.
GERMAN woman for housework; $15; 4 la
family. 1521^ Broadway.
YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
with children. Apply 3830 Sacramento st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; must
bring references. Call 208*2 Ninth st.
GIRL to cook for small family; sleep at home.
726 Central aye.
WANTED— A wetnurse. Call at DR. Mc-
NUTT'S office, McNutt bid*., 1 to 4 p. m.
LADIES In trouble consult DR. SMITH. 1508
Market St., 1 to 4, 7 to 8 p. m.
GIRL for general housework. 10 Liberty st.,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first sts.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. 1700 Geary st.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
WAITED — A young girl for general house-
work. 214 Hyde st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
at. ; monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient.
800 OPERATORS on steam sewing machines,
to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. Super-
intendent, 32Vj Fremont st.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
662 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing, 35c, men's shoes, sole-
Ing, 50c.; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear; Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
Levl Strauss & Co., 321H Fremont «t.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School, 1079 Mar-
kei st. ; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
ing on; call and be convinced.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Wlnemaker and take charge of
cellars, etc.; must be first-class, with Cali-
fornia experience and references; position
permanent; salary $73 to $100 per month. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— lntelligent educated German, 25 to
30 years of age, speaking clear English and
of good address, to work io a library; refer-
ences required; salary $40 per month and
room. W. D. EWER It CO., 626 Clay st.
BLACKSMITHS^
For a ranch; 3 wire naU operators; 10 farm
hands; 6 pruners; 3 chpremen for ranches.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st,
5000 CORDS '.
Man wanted to take contract to cut 5000
cords, $50 will be sufficient capital to handla
this contract; 86 tie makers, Sc each; 56 wood-
choppers, $1 cord. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agts., 634 and C 36 Clay.
$2 DAY : «—
55 men as laborers for a large trust, bank and
syndicate; wages $2 day. 5 months' steady
Job. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. Tel. Main 5548.
HOTELS
6 waiters, different places, hotels and res-
taurants. $2.">, $30, $20; 5 cooks, different
places, $35, $40, $55; baker, small hotel, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel.
Main SS4S.
LAUNDRY
Ironer, St. Clair machine, fare paid, $35 and
found; photographer for tintype gallery;
trunkmaker. MURRAY & READY, trading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MACHINISTS
Machinist. $."5 and found, for a large saw-
mill; stableman, $35. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
CLERKS ■
Grocery clerk, $40: dry goods clerk, $40; driver
for delivery wagon, etc., $40; clerk, saddlery
store. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
15 PICK and shovel men.
10 laborers to mix concrete; no experience
necessary.
10 men to handle lumber and assist carpen-
ters: $1 73 a day; near city; board where you
want to; see boss here from 9 to 11 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED maa to run a gas stereopti-
con; good wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN, German or Italian hostler.
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WOODCHOPPERS, $1 25 a cord. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 first-class Blngle-hand quarts
miners, $3 day: blacksmith for mine. $40 and
board; 5 coal miners. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man to run gas stereopticon, $10
week and found; trunk maker, $5. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Tailor's salesman: good salary.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
COOK. $9 a week; see party here 7:30 a. m.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
RESTAURANT butcher. $30; call early. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
RESTAURANT waiter. $40; hotel butcher and
slaughterer. Nevada. $35 and found, half fare
paid: nurseryman for Nevada: 6 pick and
shovel laborers, country, $26 an 3 board. R.
T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st.
BUTLER. $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BUTLER. $35. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.__
GOOD gardener for green-house work. Apply
at Pacific Nursery, cor. Baker and Lombard.
GOOD bootblack. 507 Hayea »t-
WANTED— Restaurant waiter, at 207 Second st.
WANTED— Sign painting in exchange for
dental work. Address box 450, Call Office.
WANTED— Wlnemaker: must be first-class,
with California exDerience and exceptional
references; take charge of cellars, etc.; sal-
ary $75 to $100 per month. Address, with full
particulars, box 429, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced driver for delivery
wagon In city; must be single; city experi-
ence and references required; salary $30 to
$35 and found. Address, with full particulars,
box 428, Call office.
CUTTER for ladles' tailoring Apply by let-
ter or personally to J. BAUMGARTEN tt
CO., 7 Montgomery St., S. F.
SAILORS for coast, Honolulu and Europe;
good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 'Steuart st.
WANTED — Physician for clerical work; age
25. Address box 423, Call office.
3-OHAIR barber shop; $50. ISOS Mission «t.
Apply after 7 p. m.
WANTED— An experienced valet, who alsn un-
derstands a butler's duties. Address, giving
recommendations, box 402. Call office.
WANTED— Mate with German papers. Apply
80 Clay st. for 3 days.
GENTLC.MAN to travel for Chicago firm; $75
month and expenses. 3(W Geary St., room 1.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle beer
or wine, 6c; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
HORSESHOEING shop for sale; your own
price, account sickness; new tools; good
stock. 542 Green st. •
ROSEDAI.E House, 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds lew-
elry; low Interest. • Uncle Harris. , 13 Grant a y.
GOOD live agents, either sex. for accident and
sick benefit insurance; new plan; 9 to 11 a
.m. Internationa! Indemnity Co., 401 Califor-
nia st., room 21.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen j wanted at
LANE'S, KM Davis st., near Jackson.
> «. v "•' HELP WANTED— Continued.
".- 'WANTED— An experienced clothing buyer for
f. retail house; state age, where employed for
past five years, salary expected and refer-
■■• • ences; no application will be considered un-
: ! less all of the foregoing Information Is fully
• .• given. Address Box 356, Call office.
•' ' 2000 pairs — Another lot of men's shoes;
'..-.: been slightly damaged: at less than one-
•., • fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 662
. ■ Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
'. * WANTED— At Montana House. 764V4 Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
"•"•■ night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
" : .WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near
;. • ' Market; 200 rooms, 2.'ic a night: reading-room;
- free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
-MEN'S Bolelng, 50c; ladles', too; while you
... wait. 638 Market; branch. 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
, flee. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
"•" 4 MARKET^ St.— Branch office of The Call;
*•;.'. want ads and subscriptions taken.
'-.-. idEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
-- .F. Barber College. ISSH Eighth.
'" .CIS LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
/. ..-ads and subscriptions taken.
"■'SINXtLE rooms 10c and 15c night, 75c and $1
' ' " 'week. I.lndell House. Sixth and Howard.
• ,'ELCHO House, 563V4 Market St.— Rooms »c,
V .25c to r.Oc nlKht; $1 to $2 week.
BOOMS. 15c to 75c per night: 60c to $1 50 per
week. Oriental, 223 Drumm st.
. WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
.. runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larga
■ : rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
•" 615 \RKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
••. FURNITURE WASTED.
" ■' WANTED— Furnished flat or house; cheap for
-,-■■' cash. Y. V.. box 35. Call office.
■ " HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mls-
;. \> slon st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
• .- '. INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
' . gomery st. highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
■• ROOMS WANTED.
'• ■ -GENTLEMAN and wife. aged^wTyears. with
• . . own furniture, would like to go In with simi-
lar couple to rent house or flat; we would
• : like 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping. Address
-- box 410. Call office.
v HOARDING WASTED.
LESSONS given by~vToUnist In payment for
■'_ room and board; references. Box 327. Call.
__^_ •WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
• WANTED — Combination Brunßwick-Blake bll-
; ' ; Hard table: good condition. Address box 449
;*••_ Call office.
-.;.. WANTED— To rent 3or 4-horse power gasoline
• : • ' \ r ;f, i e *.' ti V, th « Privilege of buying. Address
>;- . WILLIAM PATERSON & Co., ill? Fell st.
V " WANTED— By a mining company, to buy or
charter a vessel of 60 to 125 tons for 6 or S
•• . . : months, suitable for a trip to Copper River,
.- Alaska; also a small steam or gasoline
.. '• launch. Address, giving description and
: ... , price, A- W. BRYANT. Santa Cruz, Cal.
■•'■• -WANTED — second-hand Windmill and tank
V-. " 37 Cotter St., Mission read.
"*. — • ■ — — .—^— — __^__ _^___ — __^
•:' ..'ON furniture, pianos; no removal; lowest rates-
: •-' no com. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall Sqre.'
i -■ : MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
:•; bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
■':■;'■ SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins.
■•".- wanted; best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
;: ' • PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
•■..-. clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LOST.
..''."LADY'S gold watch, old-fashioned chain and
- •" . locket, containing hair and motto; monogram
:■_• '■ H. M. B. on case: valued as gift from rela-
: " . ■; tive now dead. Suitable reward upon return
. .. • to W. H. BAGGE. 1740 Mission St.
• • "LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
. • . and Loin Society of San Francisco, in the
"- • • name of Jacob Hypok; No. 2141331. The finder
J'J will please return to bank.
'-. ..SMALL leather purse, $20 gold and change,
' . • bet. Jones and Hyde sts. : belongs to needy
• .. '.-. : woman; reward. Leave at Call office.
.• ; $10 REWARD for ladies' gold watch. No.
-". " 310,693. on train, bet. Lathrop and San Jose.
; .. Address GEO. H. KELLOGG. College Park.
. . BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
, . ' for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
='."• • IRISH setter bitch. Return to 1703 Howard st.
LOST— Pass book with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ruz^BETH WHITTK.V or DO-
" . • REXDA ELIZABETH WHITTEN, No. 139,-
037. The finder will please return to bank.
' DELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman is ob-
•* ■ tamable In a private family, residing on a
'. • • • sunny corner in Western Addition; convenient
,-.. to- 4 lines of cars. Address J. W., box 427,
..•V Call office.
. " OLD-FASHIONED gold earring set with* pearl.
.-.- : 337 Geary st., care MRS. STARK. Reward.
UOIISEb.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
, • or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
•r . MIL T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor 14th.
'- DO not forget the sal»- of Fulton G. Berry's
high class carriage hackneys by Kllllp & Co.
An January 10, at 11 a. m., at Ealesyard,
' : • Market and Van Ness aye.
• FOR PALE— WeII matched young team with
• '.' ".' harnres and buckboard : can be seen at Ne-
' ' -rada Stable, 44 Clay. Price J123.
■'■:V M HORSES for sale: so wagons, buggies,
«;!.* carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
' : . ket. 527 Sixth rt.. auction sales every Wed-
■• . Btsday. 6ULLI VA. S A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
:'-■: '-■ 10 head of hon*~ ■v.'tahj-.* for any business. Old
■■.'•■.••. Turk street '\»f Stable-. 1301 Turk st.
... . AVAGOOfS A.\D C.AHIIIAGES.
,*" FOR •-. > iJVfht sprir* wagon, with' top;
; .'. ; cheap. Appl!' ..'. NOONAX, 1019 Mission st.
:'"ALL ktnda r.-i- and frcond-hand wagons, car-
<■.:■:<■: rlages. buggies. dsSM, harness; largest as-
.; .-•'•■ Bortment. lo»^Ft price*. 15th and Valencia.
.'•' ••.FINE laundry, baker** and milk wagons cheap
■"■•■:: for cash or Inptallments: 1 fine top and open
>*-;'.' biiggj-: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
- TWO express, 2 grocery. 1 business and plano-
,. box top buggy. IK" Howard st. - -■■.-?
''-■ '. .•> KlK.Mlllti: FOll SALE.
' 'NEW furniture, E-room flat: a bargain; flat to
let: beat location in city. iv.x 416. Call office.
'. FOR SALE— MISCEL.LAXEOUS.
BARGAIN— horseshoe nickel in slot ma-
- " chines. J. 8., box 1, Call Office. Oakland.
COWS for Bale, fresh; also wagon and horse.
Flrst-ave. gate. Presidio.
FOR SALE — 2 Incubators and 6 brooders; cheap.
2709 Larkln Bt. -■
FAMILY grocery store; no bar; 2518 Mission
• st ; best stock and fixtures. Apply to F.
' . SMITH. 316 Montgomery St.
14-CARAT gold stemwlndlng Am. watch. $25;
. ' : worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASH bakery, central part of Oak-
L • land, baking 2 barrels of flour per day; good
' . wagon route. 401 San Pablo aye.
STREET roller, 2:6x2 feet, as good as new,
';• cost $60;- will sell for $30. in Van Ness aye.
SOME new and second hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
' SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
. • fizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
-.' -GRAPHOPHONEB, $10; Records. $5 per doz;
„ ; .• Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 333 & 946 Mrkt
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mo-
."•INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
■■• J. R. POOL, .house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission. :
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
. . desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
•" BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
,. ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
. Mission St.. above Sixth.
IiARS. showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near 7th.
' WHISKY. . Mcßrayer, April, 1532, from Ken-
tucky bonded warehouse direct; 65c per gal-
. '. . lon. F. EPHRAIM. C2B Market St.. S. F.
FOR Bale cheap— hand fireproof safe at
42 Main st. . .
SECOND hand dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
• RETIRING from business; our entire stock of
■'o •°° rattan furniture and baby carriages will be
' • told &t wholesale cost. California Rattan
•• .'WorJcs. 74." and 747 Mission., bet. 3d and 4th.
- SEWIXG MACHINES.
" $2 MONTHLY; rented, repaired, bought, Bold;
- machine supplies. 145 Sixth. .'
ALL kinds boucrht, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 20." Fourth. ■' - ■
- TO LEASE.
OLD T. M. C. A. building, 232 Sutter St.. to
"* rent for long term of lease. Apply ,to H. J.
• M'COY. Mason and Ellla sU. I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$2500 — RAREST chance; corner saloon In very
best U-cation In city; established many
years; clearing above |250 per mo.; lease;
large stock; the very best class of customers
Particulars, WII.Ki:, 753 Market st.
$300— SALOON on Sixth St.; doing good-paying
business; rent only $15; must be sacrificed:
owner going en his ranch. Particulars
WILKE, "S3 Market st.
$000— OLD and first-class paying saloon; close
to Baldwin Hotel; best class of custom; net
rent $C 0; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKE, 783 Market st.
AN old-established and flrst-class, paying
corner butcher shop. In very best location
of the Western Addition; horses and wagons;
must be sacrificed, as owner has to leave thb
City at Once. WILKJC, 781 Market Ht.
AN $SOO restaurant and chophouse; choicest
down-town location; patronized by brokers
and hankers; a flrst-class, paying place; no
l&SrS*-. °E nlKht *'ork; a rare chance. See
WILKE, 183 Market st.
Lp-BSTABLISHED corner satoon. beat
part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
direct; a great bargain. WILKE. 783 Mar-
N< m "E-STRAND & CO., 28 Kearny st.. will
sell yourjnißlness quick for cash.
$4f,0- J roß N ERE R saloon, best location In city:
clears $75 monthly; a euro bargain; offer I
wannd. STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny M
I226—SPLENDID U-«ent barber shop: must
fell; trial allowed. STRAND & CO., 23
Kearny et.
IRBER shop near Market and Kearny;
irs $;o weekly, strand, n Kearny ?t-
TO sell your business .'ur cash, apply HEALY
A Cn. LIT Market. ' I
$875— CORNE] sal... n; best block of I
Market; doing business clearing $100 monthly; |
investigate. HEALY, !n: -Market.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, etc.;
living rooms. HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
ISSO HOTEL clear stands well i
1700— Saloon, best location In city.
$500 — Corner grocery and bar; Western Addi-
tion.
S '■ " -Coal oil route; well established.
$12j — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN, 777 Market st.
ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, 865^ Market St..
buy, sell, exchange nli kinds business. We
have bargains In lodging houses, saloons,
grocery and bar. restaurants, branch ba-
keries, eto. If you want business see us.
$2W>— HOME bakery, delicacy store; north Mar-
ket; central; monthly receipts $250; value in
stock; fixtures. BASILE. 873H Market st.
! $2500— BARGAIN; first-class grocery and bar
business, commanding No. 1 trade; choice
corner location; low rent, with lease: new
fixtures; fresh line of groceries, splendid op-
portunity for family wlno trade; this will
warrant closest investigation; principals
only will be dealt with; must be sold. Apply
! 410 Montgomery St., room 2.
WANTED— To buy a restaurant, corner gro-
cery and bar, or some small business In good
location in the cltv: must lnvojco amount of
j cash price; from $400 to $500; state full par-
ticulars to be investigated. Box 455, Call.
BUSINESS man with thousand dollars can
clear ten thousand In short time; no risk. Box
441. Call office.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business: slck>
ness cause of sale. E. E. lit'XCE, 908
Broadway, Oakland.
$800— OLD established saloon and lunch house,
on principal street; good business; fine chance
i for man and wife; part cash, part long time.
ParUculan OH Third st., barber shop.
NEWS and stationery store— Good business:
low rent; must sell at once; death cause of
sale; Investigate. ioi' s Fifth st.
$25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— HM6; g...0,i security and interest.
Address Securitji, box 446, Call office.
COMPLETE outfit for restaurant, cheap. Call
this office.
CIGAR stand, cheap; good business locality.
For particulars apply 204 East st.
$2<vm) TO $>»*— Oeneral store within SO miles of
San Francisco; a good chance to go Into
business; no other party need apply. Address
G.. Call Agency, Santa Cruz.
! AN old hotel man wants a partner with some
mean* to go into a fine hotel, all furnished.
In the largest city In the Northwest; ex-
perience not necessary. Address "Hotel, '
Call office, Oakland.
DOWNTOWN notion-store, located In the
heart of the traffic, with a good stock and
long lease at low rent; price $5000: principals
only: good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
$150— GROCERY and bar; good living and home
(or above amount; must be sold In 10 days.
Apply Call office.
EXPERIENCED mining man wants lady part-
ner with means to go to Klondike. Box 424,
Call
GENTLEMAN partner wanted; paying propo-
sition. 1015 Market St., room 17, second floor.
VESSEL for sale. Terms at Call Office. 908
Broadway. Oakland.
FRENCH liquor store, account of death; for-
merly kept by A. C. Payres, southeast corner
Valencia and Thirteenth st«.
BAKEKI* and restaurant, doing good business;
fine location; good reason for selling; no busi-
ness with agents. Box 41S, Call office.
i _______
RESTAURANT In center of business; estab-
lished 8 years; must be sold acopunt of sick-
ness. 641 Mission St.
DRUG store for sale; whole or one-half Inter-
est. Address Box MM. Call office.
WANTED— Partner in saloon business; good
chance. G. BERNEGG. 617 Sacramento st.
GROCERY and saloon; first-clas9 fixtures; full
stock. Inquire Owner, Call office.
' MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GOOD paying saloon; No. 1 location. 606 Clay
st. -
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
PARTNER wanted with $3000 in shipping and
commission. 217 Sansome st. rm. 6, 11 to 6.
COFFEE and tea, routes supplied from CAS-
WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
2526 MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
taken for The Call.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
27-ROOM house north . of MarketTrrTr. ... $B3O
108-room hotel, only g^
20-room house on Ninth st — ;~ 900
8-room house on Mission; clears $20... 500
14-rootna on Market; part offices .... iv-,0
30- room house; must sell ][" 75Q
25-room rooming-house; payments .".\'."1500
16 rooms. Market st. (transient), paym'ts 85*
14 rooms on Golden Gate, rent $40.. $00
18-room house, all rented, clears $75 .' 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture ' sso
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
NEW and handsomely furnished rooming
house; 14 rooms; all full; gentlemen roomers-
3 blocks from Call office; no agents. K. C
box 442. Call.
$200— FLAT. 4 elegantly furnished rooms; odd
City Hall. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
- TEAS. __J~
TEAS.
. 20, tS, SO, 85, 40, 50 per pound
COFFEES,
10, 16, 20, 25. M, 40 per pound.
SPICEB.
10. 15, 20, 25, 40 ' per can
1 RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP-
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES,
• ' BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr
SS and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 363-67 Tehama St.; tel. 80. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth St., B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 20L
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. . J
M'QUEEN. 453 Stevenson; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420 . Sutler^
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 2c; laying, 2c; rug sample* free;
tel Jessie 944. Straiten. 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new
33 Tenth; tel. South 35. Mackintosh & Co.
— - 1
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning Xc a yard; tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating • works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 12«. " ■■
PHYSICIANS. — —
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and res. 120€
Market; diseases, of women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
HOUSES .TO LET.
$7 60—204 PERRY st.: 3 rooms; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
it off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN '■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. '
COTTAGES TO LET.
SIX-ROOM cottage and basement for $11 only,
on Laurel aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
HOOKER & LENT, It Post st.
A GOOD start for 1898; ft month free; nice
cottages, flats,. $10 up. Speck & Co., 602 Mkt.
329 CAPP— sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; bath.
SUNNY cottage of 4 or I rooms, bath, base-
ment. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
$7, $8 and tJ cottages, 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 943 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co., 14
Montgomery Ft. . .'' \
FLATS TO LET.
LOWER modern 4-roome<l flats $10
Upper modern 4-roomed flats 12
Upper modern 6-roomed flats IS
San Jose aye., between 2.'th and 2Cth sts.
J. F. PLUMBS, Agent, 1402 Valencia st.
MODERN flats east of Van Ness, I to 10
rooms each. $25. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st.
4035 EIGHTEENTH ST.-5 rooms and bath,
store and stable; rent $16. 304 Lily aye.— 4
I rooms and bath; rent $13. Owner, 111 Van
! Ness aye.
: $12. SUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms; $11, lower flat,
I 4 sunny rooms: large yard: cellar. 33V4 Moss
I St., off Howard, near Seventh.
NICE flat; 1 rooms. 334 Bryant St., nr. Sec-
ond ; $10; apply on premises.
FOUR rooms and bath, 223 Laurel aye., bet.
Turk and Eddy, off Van Ness aye.; rent
reduced.
$9— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St., off
Market, near Valencia. «
| $15— Upper flat, 4 rooms and bath. 6 Dodge St.,
off Turk, near Larkln. '
UPPER flat, 4 choice sunny rooms; $13. 1122 A
Broadway, near Leavenworth.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
I . elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
| A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St., nr.
[ Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
WANTED— family to take part of flat.
W. C, box 14, Call office.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms: all modern Improve-
ments. 727 McAllister st.
ALL OVER TOWN ~~ . ■'
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
j 167 NINTH St.— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
: 339 HAVES ST.— Branch flee of 'ihe Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CALIFORNLV near H^rd^Funiished
rooms en suite or single, or suitable for
housekeeping.
i 314 FIFTH— 2 sunny front housekeeping rooms;
stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
tilt FILLMORE— Three sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; yard; bath.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
; 202 GROVE, corner Van Ness — Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suits, with gas stove.
j 1805 HAIGHT — 2 rooms nicely furnished; house-
keeping ; use of bath: hot and cold water.
731 HARRISON— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
I rent $13.
i 28 MINNA — Single and housekeeping rooms,
75c and $1 per week.
1226 MISSION, between Eighth and Ninth— i
connecting rooms, nicely furnished; piano;
bath.
1219 MISSION— NewIy furnished sunny house-
: keeping rooms.
827 MISSION— large front housekeeping
rooms, $12: also 2 at $7. Apply In store.
561 MISSION, near 2d— 3 sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also sunny back rooms.
21 NINTH— Front sunny suite for light house-
' keeping; cooking store; running water.
1M SEVENTH— I large furnished room; house-
keeping; sink; large yard.
! 115 A SIXTH— or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
184 SOUTH PARK— Unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
611 STOCKTON, near — Splendid suite of 3
j furnished rooms and floors of 3 unfurnished
rooms; large garden. -/.•.:■ r
711 WEBSTER— 2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms;
every convenience.
-"-"---—---■-—--—--- _ __.-—■-—-_--.
ROOMS TO LET.
; SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
47 ERIE— 3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing.
246 FOURTH— NewIy furnished sunny front
| rooms.
402 GEARY— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
1129 HOWARD— Sunny front rooms; single or
! folding beds; large closets; $6.
715 HOWARD. St. Davids— rooms; suites;
single: sunny reading-roo ; 23c up.
I 410 HYDE— Nicely furnished rooms, with board.
$20 each; use of piano and parlor.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, IS Grant ay.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite and single: flrst-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
' THE Hawthorne, 1926 Market— Furnished and
unfurnished rooms; also housekeeping..
9224 MISSION— Lara- furnished room, suitable
for two gentlemen, or man and wife; stove
! and running water; $7 per month.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
. lit* POWELL— cozy furnished front room
for rent. ■
GRAND Southern. Seventh and Mission sts.— i
Suites; single; sunny; elevator; moderate.
; 10 NINTH— Front suite; 1 or 2 beds; grate;
', gas: running water; houseKeeplng; stove.
| 142 SEVENTH— Furnishes milts and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAIIL, prop.
125 SlXTH— Cheapest in city; sunny front
: rooms. -Jv « ;'• -
BUTTER HOUSE, SOS Furnished
rooms; running hot water; transient; 250 up. |
109 TAYLOR— Sunny front suite; single room
$1 25 week; double. $1 75 week.
800 BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 visiting
cards. 2,' c. HILL. 724% Market st.
ELEGANTLY furnished large alcove room*
suitable for couple; central location; quiet
neighborhood; terms moderate. Address Box
451. Call. ■
BOARDING AND ROOMS
FEW more table boarders; flrst-clasaPspeolaJ
rates. 1105 Hyde st. w™
611 FOLSOM— Swedish private boarding with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. .
808 VAN NESS AYE.— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good board; $20 up. . , I
! 24 FELL— Sunny furnished rooms; board od-
■ tlonal: parlor for 2 with board, $35.
220 EDDY— front single and double
rooms; first-class board. $3 30.
HOTEL- SALISBURY; beautiful grounds- ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
WALDORF. SO9 Powell Newly renovated" ele- '
cant rooms: board. MRS. CALHOUN.
CHILDREN HOARDED. ~~
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations In San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best of care
and training. Address W. A. Y. box (£■> ;
San Rafael. . '
j WIDOW wishes a few Infants to board. 2618
Bryant aye. •
■MUM TO LET.
SPACE to let, rear of ~«ore7^BOod location-
; suitable for any manufacturing purpose ---,
Market st.
i $10 PER MONTH-Store to let at (16 Shrader
• St., near Halght.
SPLENDID 4-Story brick building and base-
ment to let cheap. Apply at MS Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET.
218 BANBOME M . now occupied by W~_oal_a
i &Co ASHTOK. 411 Montgomery.
STORAGE.
A3" low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments-
advances . made. J. NOON AN, . 11)17 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings. '
AT lowest Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building F. W
ZEHFUSS, HI Mission st. Tel. Mint ls2L
'; PERSONALS. . . .r -
WANTED— A few young men and women on
guaranteed salary; good chances for ad-
vancement. Box 443, Call office.
SADIE EVANS, cocoanut cream and ename-
line for the complexion; free samples. 850
Market ex.. parlor 43.
WOULD like to know the address of my
brother. Frederick S. Hellgren, formerly of
Portland. Or. Address OSCAR HELLGREN
914 Post st. ■
DRESSMAKING for ladle* and children; also
shirt waists: reasonable. 1023 O'Farrell St.,
near Van Ness aye.
CAL. INST . 402% Geary; tel. Davis 583; phren-
ology or hypnotism taught; $5.
CORRECT' hair dressing at my parlors and at
the low price of 2."c, and always well done;
good switches, $1; finest, best quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays and
holidays 9 to 12 a- m. ii. • LEDEUER, 111
Stockton m.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic cleanses the scalp,
beautifies the hair. G. Lederer. ill Stockton.
PROF. J. GREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. ISSS. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT. high lyric tenor.
DR. V. CONDORY, M. D., expert physician.
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has opened na
• office at 959 Howard st. ; practicing physician.
Office hours lrom a to 12, 2 to 5 p. m. and
from 7to 8. • « i ;i.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths: fiii.no massage: Swedish movement;
ladles, gents. 006 Market, room 25, 2d Uoor.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. XV.
HOWE, utt-at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made la
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 525 Clay St.. S. F.
BIG outdoor stereoptlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth; artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
' Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$14— Suit to order; samples; try one. NEU-
HAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
GREAT catarrh cure; Wilson's vaporising In-
haler; 32SA Ellis; test free; cure $5.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansotne st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 167 Ninth St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
I, HMOS. 1117 Market st .. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. the distinguished
trunce clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she T-llt reveal every hidden mystery
in lit-., sl.e Will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled pn party; locates
treasures, minerals; tells y .ur entire life,
pai>t, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours, 10 A M. to 6 1». M. ; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mull. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR W.
CLARK, n . . 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader. b»rn double veil anl second (light;
(JlagnoKis disease, full life reading; la., oOc;
gents H; palm. & clalrv. ; sit. Jl 50. 12« Turk.
MME LE NORMANDE. clairvoyant, card
reader; hours 10 to 4; evenings. 401 Leaven-
worth pt.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar tells fortunes by
planets: predicted "74" steamer on Island.
'iZVt Bixth St.. room 6.
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. ttZ Post St.. roon. '.'.
MME MOBJEAtT, test medium, clairvoyant,
card reii '.er: Xc up. 73 Fourth st., upstairs.
SATISFACTION or no pay. 1204 Mission, above
Eighth, front parlor. Face cream free.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
net! healer. 12S Seventh St.. second floor.
MRS. MAN Imlst; read-
ing? C 5- thh week: satisfaction partd. 26 6th.
MISS MKI.\ 1i.1.K. great clairvoyant nn 1
water reader. Kl'A Mission St., opp. Mint.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; aai Ho up. 5 Fourth St.
palmist, card-writer; past,
ut nnd futun : 2.V Us Sixth, room 5.
YOUR future told I y cards; ladies 10c; gents
1087 I" - m "v.
MME. Sudan. Scotch seereas. card-reader and
palmist M" Eddy, 9 to BP. M.
MRS. SHAFFER, t"Ft nnd business medium;
sitting* dally. OSM Sixth ?t . room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-Flm In her pro-
n; never falls; advice: help. 929 Post.
Sl'lH. 11 ALIS.M.
MRS. HoSKINS. spiritual me.llum:
Taea., I p. m., 25c; readings, ?i. 214 Franklin.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent -"late-writer; de-
vw Ping circle Wednesday eve. US Halght st.
MME. MAYO STEEHP, lUU oak; circles
Taea. *. P.M.. Thurs. 2 P.M : 25c: readings $1.
MKS J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
md advice ■ ■; s t.
MISIC AL IXSTRI MX.NTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $:>, $r,, $;, $> $>
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat Stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage, Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts. •■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES
IC. 2S and M O' Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the cu-tomer.
BEFORE buying a piano v will pay you to
consult v.«. Why 1 Because we ».u> only in
curload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ A BON, 16 to 20
o Farrell st.. Curtaz Mock.
CONOVER, slightly used. $350. '
Steinway, slightly u«ed. $273.
Chlckering, second hand. $100*
Largo stock, lowest prices, rent. Installment*
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SPLENDID opportunity this morning to se-
cure a fine upright piano at a treat bar-
gain; Investigate. THE J. DEWING CO
second floor Flood bldg.. Fourth and Market.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the opportu-
nity: agency famous Hnines Bros . Rush &
Gerts and TSollerman. WM. C HAMII TON
nuccessor to A. L. Bancroft t ''.. , 324 post!
LARGE stock of Steinway, Chlckering and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$125 to $250 at HEINE & CO.. 136 Ellis V M
C. A. building; SHAW agents. '
DECKER * Son pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvals Music
Co., 769 Market St.
SMALL upright. $66: fine large upright. $1»-
Sterling. $150; 10 other good bargains. BOW-
ERS & SON. 23 and 25 Fifth Ht.
BOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Ncwby, Evans.
Brigga, and other pianos; see our rent plan-
no Interest first year. MS, $10. 31J Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Mvft sell pianos at
Lmmcr.se reduction for cash or on install-
ment*. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
HALLET & DAVIS square piano, cheap. 105
Grovo st.
SACRIFICED— EIegant upright plane; must
sell. 230 Kearny St., room 26
$40 piano: splendid Instrument 7 great sacri-
fice 1181H Mission st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap BOHMITZ, II
M. Allister f» . r*ar Hiberrla Bank.
PARTY going East must sell fine upright:
• MC R. M, 1021 Van Ness aye.
HORN UNO'S new style pianos; most perfect.
brilliant, powerful tone. Jl6 Post st.
KINOSBVRT (1897 model) Is the piano you
want J. HARRY SCOTT. 526 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, lithere, old and new. K.
MULLER. maker, repairer. B Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLBR A fHASR. 30 OFsrrrll Bt.
(27 MONTGOMERY St., branch office of the
fail ; want n-ls and subscriptions taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. w
HOWE, atty nt law. 850 Market, cor. Stcktn.
ADVICE free-Private law matters: moderate
fees. ATTORNEY MoCABE. 103 Lai kin st
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
TYPEWRITE* !».
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
lie cheap; send for sample & trices
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.
REMINGTON No. 3: fine order; {25; sample
scut. SCOT!' & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc. ; 20 teach-
ers; day and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed.
ATRES' Business College, 326 Montgomery st. ;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
shlp. |60; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech., survey, assay, arch it. ; day & eve.;
est. 1f64. VAN* DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin, 50c an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia St.
LUNT'S dancing academy. 220 Post st. ; juven-
ile classes Sats., 2 P. M. : private lessons
dally. 10:30 to S; adults' class Monday evegs.
' INDIVIDUAL instruction In shorthand; dicta-
tion class. 7to 9 evgs; *2 50 mo. 1015 A Post.
LUDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER. teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. 933 Market st., off Mason.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons: club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
VOICE culture, piano: Paris graduate; French.
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 10-J Taylor St.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school; adults' class
Saturdays S I. M. 317 Devlsadero st.
FIKK teachers' agencies in 10 cities; teachers
wmntod now. 420 Parrott building.
616 LAItKIN— Branch office of the CalL Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1231 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in "96. 103 in '97.
GI'ITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons;
13 irinth Mnry W>Fthnii>>. » Fifth Bt.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLLM HILL, UU Market, nr. 11th; no
i charge lor extracting when plates are made;
I old plates made over like n»\v; teeth from Jj
j per set: extrai'tlns 50c; gas given.
DR. GEO. W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist.
Alaoover of painless extraction & patentee of
improved bridge work or teeth without plate,
moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell Bt.
FULL set of teeth. £>; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings LOc, crowns
(3 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $.". up; silver
filiings, 2Jc up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
te«-th put in without a plate; o[*-n evenings.
997 Market st., cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 65*.
NEW York dentists— Plates $5 up; silver fill-
ings. 25c up; gold fillings, 75c up; plates
mended. $1 up; painless extraction, 50c: all
work warranted. »69 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
$5— FULL set 9( teeth; best make; kept in
repair: extracting free: filling*, 50c; crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 13 Third st.
OHIO dental parlors, 906 Market st. ; painless
extracting, 50c: open evenings and Sundays.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1128 Market et. ; open even-
ings; Sunday till noon; registered dentist.
W. C. HARDING, M D.. 500 gutter st.. cor.
Powell; te-1. Main 537.">: painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 132" Market st.
SET of teeth without v plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
COLTON Dental Association. SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
61f, LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions a-i.i M-ant mis taken.
.MEDICAL.
DX. V. CONDORT, M. D.— Expert physician,
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has opened an of-
fice at M lli>wurd st. Syphilis, chronic dis-
eases of the skin, stricture, gemorrliea, piles.
n.rvius proatratiOß, rheumatism, swollen and
fctiff joints, contracted muscles and all secret
diseases curM by special treatment. No in-
terference with patients' work; cure guar-
anteed. Hours, 9 a. m. to 12 m., and 2 to 5 p.
m.; 7 to 3 p. m.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause, restored at once; safe
and sure at any time, kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief :"'>r travelers; tumor.-! re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doct.ir before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules, $1. MRS. DR.
WVKTH. M !• =t n<=ar Larkin.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danrer or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a prc-
\enti\e: price $1 Do per box. sent free by
mail on receipt ot price; consultations on all
special diseases free. WALLER 15R05.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write Us.
A SI.'RE. safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with be.st
possible care; with the privacy of a home
and the convenience of a hospital; those
who are sick or discouraged should call on
the doctor and state their case: they will
find In her a true friend; all consultations
free and absolutely confidential. MRS. DR.
GWYEK. 22C Turk ri.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In fe.v hours when medicines and others
have failed; no instruments used; mar.y years
experience; every case guaianteetf; advice
free; terms reasonable: flrM-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY,
1126 Market s»t.. over Owl Drug-store.
BL'KE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause: restore In 1 day: never tails; con-
H'ltatinn free; can be sent and u»ed at home.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 131! Golden Gate
aye.. formerly 62C Eddy st.— Safe, quick cure
for all female complaints guaranteed; pri-
vate home In confinement: every comfort;
infants adopted; terms moderate: pilla $1.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 415 Geary st., now
Il'i4 Market, female compl-iints and diseases
of tho oyt- permanently cured or no charge:
treatment by mail: inclose stamp.
DRS. GOODWIN", diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure iniarnnteed; any ailment:
maternity home; best can; skill only: low
fees; Dr. Schiuk's self-cure. $:>. 401 Van Xess.
ALPEAV'S French pills— A boon to ladies -/UK
female troubles; no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
. OOQOOD RROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
tr.uble: Irregularities restored without fail:
low fee*; specific female pills. $1 50. DR.
SMITH. VUK Market st.. 1 to 4. 7 to S p. m
A BOON xo wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$160. RICHARDS <t CO.. 406 Clay st. : send
2-c stamp for particulars to Segruro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
£>L'KE cure Irregularities or other female dis-
eases. MRS DR. PIETZ. 2.'< M: Fourth.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
uate midwife. 1709 Powell; tel. red 2641.
PARIS MATERNITY. 609 Bunh: confinement
:it home. 10 days. $20. Tel. Green r.^l.
HEALTHY child for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKS, 141« Eighth St., Alameda.
DRB. KEROAN & KENNEDT cure blood, skin
and private diseases. S Mason.
615 LARKIN— office of The Call; sub-
prriptlonn ami want ad« tnken.
LEGAL NOTICES.
The California Debris Commission, havlng~r<£
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
pr ss frosß B. Freccero, In the Frazer and
Swank <lravel Mine at Washington Ranch
i Caiav'T.i-. County, to deposit tailings in an old
■ ult; from Manufl Silva and Joseph Enns in
I the Cherokee Flat Mine, at Cherokee. Butte
County, to deposit tailings on a flat below the
i ni!:i>- ; from J. Loc*Jß*SlttO, In tho Grizzly Bear
Placer Mtiw, Bear Johnsville. Pluma* County
t., deposit tailing? in Squirrel Creek; from Paul
ZiTca it at., in th>- Last Chance Placer Mine
near Sierra City, SUri a County, to deposit tall-
Ings on a flat below the mine; from T. T Kirk-
ham, In the Mount Vernon Mino, near Nevada
City, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in
Mount Vernon ravine; from William Ross in
the Clark Mine, near Oleta, Aniador County to
deposit tailings in Deadman's Creek- from
Charles E. Wise. In tho White Oak Jlirie near
Colfax. Placer County, to deposit tailings In
Live < >ak ravino; from John Solarl and Joe
Devencenxl, In tho R-M Gulch and Mahala
Flat Hill Mine*, near Volcano. Amador Coun-
ty, to d>-postt tailings in a ravino helow the
mines; from J. F. and M. 11. Goodman, in the
Bicknell Mine, near Volcano. Amador County,
to deposit tailings in North branch of Sutter
Creek; and from S. R. Hackley. in the Indiana
and Gold Rug Mine, near ( 'mo Ranch, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Perry's
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room E9. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal
en January 17. Ml, at l:3i> p. m.
NOTICE of railroad consolidation— Pursuant
to the Ftatute In Buch case made and pro-
vided, notice Is hereby given that the Pajaro
Valley Railroad Company and the Pajaro
Extension Railway Company, upon the
written consent of the stockholders holding:
more than three-fourths in value of all the
stock of each of said corporations respec-
tively and by agreement or the respective
boards of directors of said corporations made
and entered into In accordance with such con-
sent and pursuant to the statute in auch
casie made and provided, have consolidated
and amalgamated their capital stocks, debts,
properties, assets and franchises under the
corporate name and style of the Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company.
Dated at San Francisco, California, the
tenth day of December. A. D. 1897.
By order of the board of directors of the
Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad Com-
pany.
By E H. SHELDON. Secretary.
4 MARKET st- Branch office of The Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
CITY KEiL ESTATE.
PLACES for sale, to let and lease in all parts
of city and country. GEO. W. H. PATTER.
SON & CO.. 1709 Market st.
O. M. SALSBURY, builder. 621 X St.; low esti-
mates; plans given; dry washers made for
placer mining.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500: 1 block from Mis-
Bion cars; $16 monthly. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY UEAL ESTATE.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703, Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale— Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches in Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
WANTED— To buy, rent or exchange for a
ranch or nursery. J- R., box 3. Call office,
Oakland.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City:
every Monday at 632 Market St.. 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
KLONDIKE or bust— lo room house. Eighth
Ft.. Oakland: lot 70x100; barn, etc.; value
$10,000; reduced to $60W: a snap; $2."«0 cash;
balance can remain. Box 425, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAUEOA REAL ESTATE.
$3000— HOUSE of 6 rooms, with furniture, lot
15x116; basement 9 feet high; choicest loca-
ti in in Alameda: close to R. R. depot. Par-
ticulars WILKK, m Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address in the United States
or Canada one year for $1 50, postage free.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
PEE this at once; new 8-room modern house,
3 blocks east of Berryman station, Berkeley;
price $3500. worth $4500; make your own
terms: also have other houses. See owner
and houses, 1427 Spruce St.. Berkeley.
PKOPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSE of 10 rooms In Mission $3Wi; for
house of S to 7 rooms, $5000 to $7000. I pay
difference. J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia.
CLEAR Portland and Astoria property for
j-ome boarding or lodging house In San Fran-
clsco or Oakland. Address A. A.. 5n Shipley.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6'vx p. ct. on real estate; 2d &
3d mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate In probate, life insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 44K Market st.. tel. green 204.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; no
commission; lowest Interest; part payments
received; money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St.. room <S.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; Mrictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
$5 per month Interest on each $1000; 55 cents
per mo. on 1100; any amount; on ?d mort-
gage, any security. Address Cash. Bx 2, Call.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture pianos: no commission; low
rates: private. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City
Hall Square.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California tt.
$30 to $SO.000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country; any mm: Ist and 2d mort-
BaOW, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Mkt. ft.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister.
; no removal; easy
. 4th and Market.
PIANOS, furniture, etc.
tTms. 39 Flood bid*
$100,000 on life Insurance policies; low interest.
JOS R TOPLITZ. 330 Pine.
10 SIXTH — Most reliable place to borrow mon-
ey: diamonds and jewelry.
:.27 MONTGOMERY, cnr. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ails takf-n.
FINANCIAL.
3. BOAS, 330 Montgomery st. — Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds,
rntcn. McAFEE BROS.. 108 M'
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
G. L. Dally and Rebecca J. Goodwin. 43 — 47.
Slgmund Jonas and Viole Rosenberg. 30—20.
O, Harden and Antoinette Pomhet. 34 — 30.
B. de Carll and Emilia Albertoli. 25—26.
Timothy Ryan and Hannah Galvin, 28—24.
A. C. Almen and Marie L. Cassou. 41—25.
J. C. 81mons nad Harriet J. Schilling. 33-27.
John J. Craig and Bertha C. Fowler, 33—22.
Joseph Ahlhaoh and Lizzie Klnlock. 21—18.
Christ HIBHT and Sophie LoffW. 29—22.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
P.irth. marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They mu?t be
hnn>!e<l in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORX.
HARR-In this city. January 1. 1898. to the
wlfp of Charles Rarr. a daughter.
BEAVOHAH— In Montngue. January 1, MM, to
the wife of X. T. J. nenughan. a daughter.
PAVISOX January fc I*9*. to the wife of
W. H. Davison, n daughter.
FERQUBBON In Oakland. January i, 1898, to
ttM wife of Rupert D. Fergusson. a son.
HILT-— ln Garelle. December 29, 1597, to the
wife <if John HIM, a son.
W'RP-Tn this city. I«efember 15. 1897, to the
wife of J. B. Hurd. a son.
LE Vl— January 1. I*9*. to the wtfe of Sam
Levi. a wn.
lfO6HEft— l* Palo Alto. December 31. 1597, to
the wife of E. C. Mosher (nee Whidden), a
OBRIEX -Tn Snn Mate". December 80. 1597. to
the wife of J. R. O'Brien, a son. •
RATNKK-In this rity. January 3. 1898. tr the
wife of H. Ratnor. a pon.
RHOTEN— In Yreka, December 30, 1897, to the
wife of John Rhoten. a son.
TOHGERPEN— December 30. 1897. to the wife
of Oluf B. Torgersen, a daughter.
MARRIED.
WILMERSDORFER— this city,
January 6, IS9S. by the Rev. F. A. Doane,
Charles A. . Barnum and * Barbara Wllmers-
dorfer, both of San Francisco.
FLEMING— Oakland. January 2.
1898, . by the Rev. E. R. Dllle. Charles N.
Fleming of Alameda and Addle Li. Park of
San Francisco. .
GEER— MANN— In Modesto. January 3. ISB3,
by the Rev. J. 11. N. Williams. Schuyler C.
Geer and Lottie D. Mann.
OREENMAN— ANDERSON— In Redwood City,
December 2S, 1897. by the Rev. F. H. Maar,
Alburn S. Oreenman and Minnie Anderson.
HOUCK-ROSSI— In Boulder Creek. January 4,
. ISPS, by the . Rev. , C. Nugent. Charles C.
Ilouok and Rene L. Rossi.
RANSOM— At Smith River, December
25, 1887, by ; the Rev. Mr. Barbee. Edwin
Ransom and Addle Smith.
SMALL— SCULLY— In Saratoga. Cal., January
4. IS9B, by the Rev. A. Ragglo, S. J.. Wil-
liam Small and Elizabeth C. Scully.
TOFT— FELL— In Santa Cruz. January 3, ISBB
by the Rev. Mr. Pettls. C. H. Toft and Pearl
Fell. ...
WILSON— ALEXANDER— In Modesto. Janu-
ary 1. 189 S. by the Rev. J. A. Brown. John
Wilson and Bailie Alexander.
WAGOLE— SNTDER-In Crescent City, De-
cember 26, 1597, by the Rev. T. Leak, T. C.
Wangle and Lydip. Snyder. •
- DIED.
BYRNE— In this city, January 5, ISM, James
D.. beloved husband of the late Ellen Byrne,
and brother of Mrs. Catherine Mullen, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 49
years. A member of Colonel Caes Post No
4«, G. A. R. (Chicago and Madison. Wls.,
papers please copy.) . . . '
CJTrlends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of . Porter A White. , 122 Eddy . street,
, thence to St. .Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
■ near Howard, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ ■ "
BYRNE— In this > city, January 5. IS9B, Mary
E.. beloved wife of W. J. Byrne, and mother
of William J., Charles F., Mamie F., Mar-
tha J. and Joseph Byrne, '-. a native of ,St.
John. -N. 8., aged .'4 years and 11 days. •. .
\i.y Friends and acquaintances * are respect--
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late rest-
dence, 1407 Devlsadero street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy street, near Scott, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, January 6. ISPB.
Maurice, dearly beloved son of Ellen and
Timothy Callaghan. and brother of Corne-
lius, Julia and Mamie Callaghan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 2fi days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at t:3O o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 905 Sanchez 6treet, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHURCHILL— In this city, January 4, 1898,
Amelia A Churchill, beloved mother of
Mrs. M. Baddeley. sister of John Williams,
and cousin of Mrs. Antonio Galgianl of
Stockton, a native of London, England, aged
• years.
COHEN— In this city. January 5. 1898. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late He.nry Cohen,
and sister of William. Mark and Mike Cohen,
a native of England, aged S<s years.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the Hebrew
Home, nO7 Lombard street, thence to Third
•and Townsend streets, 11:30 train. Interment
HIIW of Eternity Cemetery. San Mateo
County.
ENGELS— In this city. January 5. 1898. Mrs.
Eliza, beloved wife the late Captain Henry
O. T. Engels. and mother of George and
John Engels and Mrs. Fred Druschel. a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 70
yoars and C, months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1128 Union street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ERICKSEN— In Napa. January 5, 1898. Ida.
beloved wife of A. E. F. ErWsen, mother
of Ernest. Christian, William. Oscar and
Minnie Bricksen, and sister of Olof and John
Falck. a native of Sweden, aged 43 years S
months and 10 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 9. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
FERRY— In this city, January 6, 1898. Cath-
erine B. Ferry, a native of Ireland, aged 86
years.
GOETZ— In this city, January 6, 1898, Walter
Robert, dearly beloved and only son of Jacob
L. and Mary Goetz, and brother of Mabel
Goetz. a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 10 days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 414 Elizabeth street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, Sanchex
and Noe. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARGADON— In this city. January 6, 1898, An-
nie, dearly beloved sister of Katie, Nellie.
Mary, Peter and Bernard Hargadon, a na-
tive of Riverstown, County Sligo, Ireland,
aged 24 years.
HILLING— In the City and County Hospital.
January 6, IS9S, Domlnick Hulling, a native
of Illinois, eged 46 years.
INGALLS— In Santa Cruz, January 8, 1898, Na-
than P. Ingalls, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 75 years.
JOHNSON— In this city. January 6, 1898, J.
Gustave Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
76 years.
LACAM— In the City and County Hospital,
January 6. IS9B, Caroline Lacam, a native of
Austria, aged 36 years. .
LOCKWOOD— In Berkeley, January 8, 1898,
Fannie Tennis, beloved wife of Arthur D.
Lockwood, a native of California, aged 37
years 1 month and 16 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 9, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Euclid avenue and Cedar
street, Berkeley. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
McGREGOR— In San Mateo, December 18.
IM7, Robert McGregor, a native of New
York, aged 83 years.
McPHENAN— In thin city, January 6, IR9B,
Benjamin McPhenan, a native of Illinois,
aged 47 years.
McSWEKNEY— In this city. January 5, 1898,
Irene Catherine, beioyeU daughter of James
P. and Margaret Me'Sweeney, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years and 9 months.
(C?"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 3040 Clay street, near First ave-
nue, thence to the Star of the Sea Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NETSCHERT— In this city, January 5, 1898,
Joseph Netschert, a native of Germany, aged
63 y-ars.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mis-
sion street, near Eighth.
NKWELL- In this city, January 6, 1898. James
M.. beloved husband of Mary E. NeweH, and
son of William and Harriet Newell, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 47 years 10 months and
2o days.
iET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNELL— In this city, January 5. 1R!>8,
J^hn J., beloved husband of Mary P. O'Con-
nell, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 68
years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 938 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a solemn requiem mass will
be eoiebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, January 6, IS9B. Clif-
ford, beloved husband of Mary Phillips, a
native of Norwich, Conn., aged jj years.
REARDON— In this city, January 6, 1898, Da-
nie J.. beloved son of John C. and the late
Mary Reardon. brother of Maggie, Joseph
and George Reardon and Mrs. J. Magner, and
nephew of Mrs. James Smith, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and
5 days.
ITT Remains at the parlors of Carew & En-
glish, 41 Van Ness avenue.
ROBINSON— In San Mateo. December 22, 1897,
Mrs. Frances A. Robinson, a native of
Maine, aged 64 years.
SANDERS— In this city, January 6, 1898, Al-
leen, dearly beloved daughter of Jesse L. and
Madge Sanders, and sister of Florence San-
ders, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
[CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
311 Minna street.
SCHARETG— In this city, January 6, 189S
George, dearly beloved husband of Rosie
ScharetK. father of Walter, Louis. George,
Otto and Robert Scharetg. and brother of
Antor. Scharetg, a native of Canton Grisons,
Passels, Switzerland, aged 52 years 8 months
and 17 days.
etc. ; lowest
intsomery Ft.
SHELTOX— Henry Ashton Shelton. in the 70th
year of his age, a native of Nashville, Term.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge Xo. 136. F. and A. M. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 123 Stockton street, corner of
Geary. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SNEAD— In this city, January 6. IS9S, Michael
M. Snead. beloved father of John, Thomas,
Frank and Mary Snead, a native of County
Cavan. Ireland, aged 65 years. (Seattle and
Brooklyn. X. V.. papers please copy.)
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 'X! Maeonlc avenue, off Geary street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will r»> celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
VALENCIA— In Paso Robles. San Luis Ohlspo
County. January 5, IS9B, Newton D., son of
Dr. Valencia, aged 18 years.
WISE— In this city, January S, IS9B, Rose, be-
loved wife of J. H. Wise, mother of Mrs. J.
A. Camoron and Mrs. C. Chapman, and sis-
ter of Annie and Rev. J. J. Tallev a native
of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 53 years.
IP?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Frldayt, at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 239 Ninth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Catholic Church, corner Tenth and
Howard streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemrtery.
WORMSLEY— In this city. January F. IS9B,
George Howard, only and dearly belo-. il son
of Gf-orge and Lizzie Wormsley, and grand-
son of the late Patrick and Cecelia Murphy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 5
months and 9 day*.
(ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 318 First street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
Telephone. South 80. I
■ v. v. m'avov. Manager. . |
i t mc^w/OY «fc co..- 1
In. AND EMBALMERS, I
McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A.YD EMBALMERS,
I 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. I
| South 247. ■ .|
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNT2,
Funeral Directors & Embalmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432. s
■ ■
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVE&
PERPETUAL CARE. '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
Junction of Bust) Street and Central
Avenue, Sao Francisco.
1112
BULLETIN'S
GUILT IS
CONFESSED
Crothers to Avoid Fur
ther Shame Will
Compromise.
Another Meeting of Vic
timized Merchants Will
Be Held To-Day.
Additional Proof of Duplicity
and Swindling Ready for
Production.
A CAMPAIGN INCIDENT.
An Attempt Was Mntte to Hold Up
the Chairmtin oT the Re-publican
State Comrn'.ttee.
The proprietor of the Bulletin and
his advisers will pet a fair hearing at
the meeting of the victimized mer
chants to-day. The men who have been
robbed are not desirous of convicting
any one unjustly, but they will demand
in no uncertain manner a confession
from Crothers and his advisers of all
the facts. When the truth — the whole
truth — is submitted Judgment can then
be passed as to the degree of guilt.
If it can be shown that Crothers and
his advisers were simply the tools of a
trio of professional schemers in the
advertising line the verdict may be
tempered with mercy. Any attempt on
the part of the Bulletin crowd to dodge
the real issue by insolent tactics of
bulldozing and ungentle allusions to
the victims as kickers, such as the col
umns of the Bulletin last evening
might imply, wiil be met by firm de
termination to punish the offenders for
contempt as well as to inflict upon
them the brand of shame.
It may not have dawned on what it
seems funny to call the minds of the
Bulletin that the paper is no longer
feared or respected oven by the most
timid of citizens. Every one outside of
the old concern knows that its glory
has gone— that its prestige ha& depart
ed. Small boast is uitered that its
publication ia profitable, which boast
might be made by a. veritable bunko
steerer who had escaped the vigilance
of the police.
No one about the old paper seems to
have the Intellect or conscience to
comprehend that the injury to a jour
nal which follows the loss of character
and honor involves a greater loss than
can be measured by dollars and cents.
There was a period in the history of
the Bulletin when a half million dol
lars placed for its conductors on the
side of infamy and honor could not
as much us tempt tnem to swerve
from the path <>t journalistic honor.
But these men of heroic integrity are
not managing ihe Bulletin to-day.
Their example has been lost on Cro
thers and the weaklings who surround
him. His paper has been going from
bad to worse since the day that he
bought it. The stupidity of the busi
ness department is matched by the
asininity of the editorial bureau. The
news department occasionally awak
ens the world of feminine fashion with
a page descriptive of foreign lingerie,
and meanwhile the poor old adminis
trator of the Pickering estate goes
along, oblivious to the march of events
In journalism, deluding himself with
the notion that he is publishing a
True enough, the head of the busi
ness department daily tells him that
it is not a newspaper from a news
point of view, and the head of the
news department tells him that it is
not a newspaper from a business point
of view, and while Crothers hesitates
to believe either the public readily be
lieves both.
On the quiet Crothers Is passing
along the word that he is the chief vic
tim, and therefore the merchants
should r.ot deal harshly with the Bul
letin. The business manager Is trying
to square things with soft soap, but
the manipulator of the fashion page
wants Crothers t<> get cat and light
all the merchants who protest against
being robbed. Bo the Bulletin as It
appears Is not the Bulletin as It exists.
yvfmx attitude that precious legal light
.-of the Institution will take may not be
disclosed until the meeting to-day.
■While he is waiting ;ind declaring that
no compromise can be made, the busi
ness manager is confidentially com
promising. Crothers is already so
lamentably compromised that he is
•willing to throw up the sponge and
make restitution. The chances are that
the Bulletin crowd will go to the meet
ing with big threats and bold bluffs.
The merchants who have the right on
their side and the obligation to protect
themselves and the community in gen
eral from swindlers ami blackmailers
should not yield an iotji The Call has
cut the claws of Crothers' old newspa
per cat and no one need fear its
scratch.
Proof of the Bulletin's guilt is cumu
lative and overwhelming. Scores of
reputable merchants of the highest
standing come forward voluntarily
and describe In detail how the swind
ling dodge was worked on them. Old
friends and advertising patrons of the
paper tell Orothers frankly that so
many business mpn would not |e a g Ue
themselves against his paper without
Just cause, but he is so completely un
der the domination of weak and inex
perienced advisers that he hesitates to
confess and ask forgiveness. He has
been told that the way to win is to
brazen it out.
The animn! that brays loudest on
the Pickering pasture tells him that
commerce breeds cowards— that men
who sell merchandise for a living have
not the courage to fight and will con
sequently fall down and whimper if
the Bulletin preserves bold effrontery.
The merchants of the city who have
been robbed have a duty to perform
which they cannot afford to shirk. The
least sign of weakening on their part
will encourage the boodlers to assail
them with extra venom. They should
therefore assemble with a firm, and
fixed purpose to obtain instant restitu
tion. Insolence, if tolerated for a mo
ment, will breed more insolence. It af
fords The Call no pleasure to advertise
the Bulletin's shame, but Journalism
has its duties and obligations which
must be performed. In the present
performance there is a tinge of regret
in the reflection that a paper like the
Bulletin, which once stood so high In
the confidence of the commercial com
munity of San Francisco, should have
descended to its present degree of deg
radation and in Its decline boast that
the publication of the paper was a
source of profit to its conductor.
Some weeks since Colonel J. P. Jack
pon, Collector of the Pprt, was furi
ously assailed in the columns of the
Bulletin. The violence of the assault
caused some surprise in the limited
circle reached by the paper, but no one
was able to explain the cause of the sud
den tirade, until Colonel Jackson saw tit
to enlighten the public mind by a state
■ ment that he had declined to give the
paper an advertisement of Napa soda
water, which it,s proprietor very much
i desired.
Yesterday Colonel Jackson was asked
; to give the details leading up to the
assault, but declined to do so on the
ground that the incident had passed.
"I do not care to revive the matter
i now,"' said the colonel, "as the oppor
; tunity has passed. At the time of the
1 attack on me I gave The Call a full
: account of the transactions and every
thing that occurred between Crothers
mid myself, but for some reason The
Can sent me word that it did not de
sire to jump on the Bulletin. I do not
care to bring up the subject afain."
"The incident passed between
; Crothers and myself. It was about an
advertisement. Crothers simply tried
! to hold me up in Dick Turpin fashion
and I would not submit to his demand.
It was straight between myself and
Crothers. There was no go-between
and no one assuming to represent the
proprietor of the Bulletin. Crothers
i himself made the demand, and on my
refusal to accept his ultimatum his
j par ...eked me. Ido not withhold
!fr ... you the detailed information
L.iiougb any lack of friendship for The
• Call, but because your paper declined
to take up the matter at the time that
I v ;mted the public to know the mo
tives that caused the Bulletin to at
tack me. I have made no terms or
compromise with the Bulletin and do
not propose to yield or compromise."
F. \V. Dohrmann, of the firm of
Nathan, Dohrmann & Co., was seen
at his place of business yesterday.
When asked if another meeting of mer
chants would be called to consider the
Bulletin's hold-up, he said that a meet
ing had been called to convene Fri
day at 10:30 a. m.
A merchant of the highest standing,
who Is numbered among those victim
ized, said yesterday, in discussing the
topic: "I do not want you to quote my
name pending the settlement of my
account, but I tell you there is ore
honorable course open to Mr. Croth
ers, and that is to come into that meet
ing to-morrow, acknowledge that the
merchants were deceived and swindled
by parties claiming to speak for the
paper, and then leave the matter of
payment, the amount I mean, to the
sense of fairness possessed by the in
dividual merchant. Restitution should
be made of money paid under threat
of law suits. That is the only honor
able course open to the paper. Now
this is confidential. I understand from
the Bulletin people themselves that
they were bunkoed by Eastern adver
tising agents."
Stories descriptive of the Bulletin
methods during the last political cam
paign are coming to light. It is not a
new thing, it seems, for that journal
to engage in a hold-up when money
is needed to run the concern. The pos
itive proof can be produced that the
manager of the paper sought to hold
up Frank McLaughlin. chairman of
the Republican State Committee, at a
time when the members of the com
mittee were engaged in vigorous effort
to provide means for paying the legit
imate expenses of the campaign.
The Bulletin made a straight de
mand for money, and the committee
squarely refused to pay the sum named
or any sum. As a result of the re
fusal the Bulletin turned about and
abused the committee and found fault
with the management of the cam
paign. These facts are well known to
Frank McLaughlin and other members
of the State Committee. As the search
light is now turned on the Bulletin,
other transactions equally odious may
be revealed to the public gaze.
SWINDLED BY BULLETIN.
S. B. Leavltt. senior partner in the
paper firm of S. B. Leavitt & Co., of
509 Sacramento street, had a similar
experience to so many of the other
patrons of the Bulletin's special edi
tion. In response to a request for a
statement of his experience, Mr. Lea
vitt said:
"Yes, we were swindled by the Bul
letin. A representative of that paper
came to us and kept hounding us for
a week for a write-up. He told us that
it would cost us nothing, as the Bulle
tin was engaged In writing up the
commercial progress of the city and
desired to include all the well-estab
lished houses. We told the young man
that we had nothing to advertise; that
our business was all with the printing
trade and needed no advertising. The
young man returned several times, and
we made the same reply. Finally he
came in and said that they proposed
to give a cut of the building and want
ed a few data as to the history of the
house.
"As they insisted that it would cost us
nothing we finally consented and told
him to write It up himself. This he
did, and a proof of the matter was re
ceived by us with a request that it be
returned. We paid no attention to this
and next received a letter similar to
that published in yesterday's Call ask
ing why we did not send back the
proof. We paid no attention to this
either. Then another letter came
asking for a return of the proof, and
thereupon it was sent back by us. Then
another solicitor called and asked me
if we would not be willing to give a
little something to help the paper
along. I talked it over with the book
keeper and we decided we would give
$5 to help out. Then the solicitor asked
me to sign a paper stating that I was
willing to contribute something toward
the expense and for the first time In my
life I signed a document without read
ing it, supposing It was merely a prom
ise to contribute a small amount at my
own option. In a few days the article
appeared, and almost Immediately
came a collector, who . presented a bill
for $31. I was thunderstruck to think
that we should be called upon to pay
such a sum. Thereupon the collector
produced a contract signed by me by
which I agreed to pay $1 a line. I
read it and told the collector that It
was true I had signed the contract,
but it was under gross misrepresenta
tion, and that I would not pay it. I
told him that the solicitor had assured
me it would not cost anything further
than any small amount we might care
to contribute toward paying the ex
pense of the edition. The collector de
nied that they had represented it
would not cost anything, and said It
in such a way that I and the book
keeper both told him he was a liar and
ordered him out of the house. The
next we heard was that the account
was in the hands of a collector, where
It still remains. We certainly shall not
pay it I havo always had a great re
spect for the Bulletin people, and never
supposed that they would resort to
such methods. Why, they are worse
than highway robbers, for a highway
robber will give you a little chance to
protect yourself."
Merchants' Association Meeting.
The Call has recelTed a communi
cation from F. W. Dohrmann, in which
he says that the meeting called to con
sider the Bulletin's case was not called
officially by the Merchants' Association.
A fac simile of the call, signed by the
secretary of the association, was pub
lished in this paper day before yester
day. The call for the meeting ema
nated from the office of the Merchants'
Association. It was duly signed by the
secretary, and the record of the meet
ing was entered In the minutes of the
association. It would appear, there
fore, that Mr. Dohrmann has not been
correctly advised as to the facts in the
premises. __ ___________^__
Ten cents for a bottle of Low's Hore-
Ja.ouai Cough Syrup. 417 Bansome sL •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.
COMMITTEES
OF THE NEW
GRAND JURY
Foreman Gerberding
Has Made Known
His Selections.
Active Work Will Begin
on Thursday After
noon Next.
Makeup of the Bodies That
Will Look Into City
Departments.
WERE CAREFULLY CHOSEN
Important Matters Will Bo Consid
ered «t the First Regular
Session.
The new Grand Jury held Its first
formal session yesterday in the old
Grand Jury rooms*, and completed the
organization that was begun when
Judge Seawell appointed A. Gerber
ding, the grain broker, foreman, and
Arthur F. Price of the well-known firm
of Thomas Price & Sons secretary.
Foreman Gerberding has been figuring
on the committees for several days and
presented a complete list, as follows:
Assessor, Treasurer and Auditor— R. H.
Warfleld. Charles Clinch and William J.
Bryan.
Board of Education and Public
Schools— Emile Bauer, William J. Bryan
and H. A. Hedger.
Coroner. Morgue and Public Pound—
E. H. Aigeltinger, A. H. Menne and
Henry Mayer.
Courts (Superior, Justice and Police)—
William J. Bryan, Thomas H. Horton
and James O'Brien.
County Clerk and Justice Clerk-
Charles G. Clinch, Emile Bauer and
Arthur W. Spear.
Corporations (Water and Gas com
panies and Gas Inspector) — Arthur F.
Price, H. A. Hedger and Solomon
Kampe.
District Attorney. City and County
Attorney and State officers— James
O'Brien, John D. Daly and Thomas R.
Horton.
Dives and Social Evil— Henry Mayer,
Aleck B. Truman and W. H. Thornley.
Fire Department, Fire Alarm Tele
graph and Fire Marshal— Arthur \V.
Spear. Arthur F. Price and Emile
Bauer.
Gambling, Opium Dens and Lotteries—
Solomon Kampe, Henry Mayer and
Aleck B. Truman.
Health Department, Almshouse and
NEW TO-DAY.
PERFECTION j
EVEN IN \
» mi. v f M JL A
THE DETAILS. $ '
JL JBl m. 1 4 * ■* H JL JL mv m J f
A NEW TALK ON A NEW FEATURE.
I hose suits, single and double breasted, at $7.50 — can be seen in our windows — have sold so well, are
known so well, that we say no more about them:
WE HAVE OPENED A NEW DEPARTMENT
for children's, boys' and youths' clothing. For years past our name on clothing has been the guarantee of quality,
just as "sterling" is on silverware. We are out now to become equally well known as the children's, boys' and
youths' outfitters. There are all our facilities for large buying — consequently we can sell at close profits in this
department as we do in others. There shall be highest value for the most reasonable price. That's how we
appeal to MOTHERS. WE will dress the whole male portion of the family— AND DRESS THEM WELL
A KEEN WAY OF ADVERTISING OUR GENTS' FURNISHING DEPT
5s this : There's 800 dozen of the latest tints and harmonious blends in ties — swell plaids and checks— every
shape, every style — 50c ties, every one of them, everywhere but here — our price is 25c.
WE intend to make our Gents' Furnishing Department known for its sterling. value and complete
assortment at popular prices.
The most complete KLONDIKE OUTFITTING DEPARTMENT in this city is now open for your inspection.
S. IN. WOOD Sc CO.,
Columbian Woolen /Wills,
718-7:2.2 Market Street.
City Physician— John Corbett, O. H.
Menne and R. H. Warfield.
Mayor, City Hall Commissioners and
Board of Supervisors— W. H. Thornley,
John Corbett and H. M. Wreden.
Public Library and Magdalen Asylum-
Thomas R. Horton, Arthur W. Spear and
John D. Daly.
Police Department, Police Patrol and
City Prison— Aleck B. Truman, R. H.
Warfield and W. H. Thornley.
Recorder. Election Commissioners and
Public Administrator— A. H. Menne, E.
H. Algeltinger and H. M. Wreden.
Sheriff and County Jail— H. M. Wreden,
Charles G. Clinch and E. H. Aigeltlnger.
Superintendent of Streets, County Sur
veyor. Parks. Squares and Golden Gate
Park— H. A. Hedger, Arthur F. Price and
John Corbett.
Tax Collector and License Collector-
John D. Daly, James O'Brien and Sol
omon Kampe.
The make-up of the majority of the
committee is evidence that their work
will be well done. The Jury, after the
naming of the committees, adjourned
for one week, when several Important
matters will come up for consideration.
THE LUCKY LOUISE.
Rich Developments in a Madera
County Mine Owned by Wood
land People.
The Lucky Louise mine, In Madera
County, owned by the Shaw brothers
and the Lauguenour family of Wood
land, is producing ore of great value.
Samples tested at Selby's indicated a
value of $800 to the ton. The mine was
discovered twenty years ago and only
slightly developed. Subsequently there
was a lucky find, but the treasure un
covered was thought to be only a
pocket. The Shaw brothers bought
the property for $10,000. Tunnels ex
tended on the 60 and 100 foot levels
disclosed a broadening of the ore vein
and richer rock than the surface vein
contained.
Gold to the value of $40,000 has al
ready been brought from the mine to
this city.
M. J. Shaw, one of the owners, was
in town yesterday. He contemplates
the purchase of a stamp mill to work
the large ore body recently discovered.
The work of crushing the rock is now
performed by arastras.
THREE INSTALLATIONS
Lodges of the Order of Odd Fel-
lows Obligate Their Officers
for the Current Term.
Three sets of officers were installed
last night in Odd Fellows' building.
District Deputy John Ferrettl In
stalled the officers of Western Addi
tion Lodge, I. O. O. F. Those who will
serve for the ensuing term are: John
Conklin. P. G.; John H. Gray. N. G.;
J. H. Shields. V. G.; W. F. Lee, P. S.;
J. R. McLane. R. S.; J. N. Peterson.
T. ; M. T. Moses, W.; H. W. Nowell, C.
The following named officers In addi
tion to the appointed officers were In
stalled by District Deputy C. W. Moul
throp; A. D. Ghehire, P. G.; G. L,
Pernham, N. O.; H. F. Neubauer. V.
G.; B. F. Wellington. P. S.; James
Boyes, T.; W. I. Crossett, C.
Franco-American Lodge installed
the following named as well as the ap
pointed officers. District Deputy T.
Trver being the installing officer: A.
Sehabrague, P. G.; J. Salanare, N. G.;
P. Cramer, V. G.; E. Thlele. P. S.; R.
Lavlgne. R. S.; J. Lambla, T.; A.
Balny. C.
HEAD WILL
DEMAND AN
INVESTIGATION
The Handcuffiing of a
Schoolboy Causes
Indignation.
James McKnight's Case
May Cause the Making
of New Rules.
Lack of Discipline in the John
Swett Evening School
Also Criticized.
TEACHERS INCOMPETENT.
The Whole Matter Will Be Brought
Up by Director Head Next
Wednesday.
The story published exclusively in
yesterday's Call of the manner in
j which James McKnlght, a scholar of
j the John Swett Evening School, was
| beaten by the principal of the institu
tion after he had been handcuffed by
the Individual who holds the dual po
sition of Janitor and special policeman,
has caused intense indignation among
certain School Directors, and an in
vestigation is certain to be demanded
at the next meeting of the board.
The main demand for a thorough
overhauling of the school will be on
account of the McKnight case, several
Directors deeming that such methods
are not only prejudicial to the best in
terests of the department, but tending
to degrade the boys who are so pun
ished. The lack of discipline shown
at the school will also come in for an
investigation.
Director Head, who has always made
a stand against severe modes of pun
ishment and whose contention has al
ways been that the evening schools are
over well supplied with incompetent
teachers, will open the ball on Wednes
day evening next by requesting that in
future Janitors be required to attend
strictly to their duties for which they
are paid, that of cleaning class rooms,
lighting and extinguishing lights and
such other matters as are required of
them. He will demand that Janitors be
ordered not to assist teachers in pun
ishing pupils. "* %
Then he will go into the competency
JAMES McKNIGHT, the Eoy Who Was Handcuffed by the
Janitor of the John Swett School and Then Whipped by
the Principal.
of the teachers and try to ascertain
how and why they were appointed.
"If the reports that I have h«ard of
the matter are correct," said Director
Head yesterday, "the whipping of the
boy McKnlght was nothing less than
an assault and an outrage that de
mands a full investigation. .
"I never heard that it was the duty
of Janitors to assist teachers in per
forming their duties, and I don't be
lieve that it was ever contemplated
that a burly, puffed-up Janitor should
handcuff a stripling of a boy in order
that he might be beaten to the satis
faction of the teacher or principal.
His denial that he ever put the cuffs
on a scholar, when this boy's story was
corroborated by Miss Mead, the prin
cipal, is evidence that he knew he was
doing wrong and that he feared the
consequences.
"Miss Mead had her proper recourse,
and that was to send the boy home if
he became too unruly to handle. I
think this case, as well as others I
have heard of, simply through rumors
that now appear to be worthy of fol
lowing up, seems to call for the fullest
overhauling and the passage of strict
rules that will stop all such methods
of cowing the rising generation of boys
that are to become our citizens. .
"What The Call reporter saw at the
school simply bears out what I have
always contended — that half of our
evening school-teachers are young
girls, who are not competent to handle
the classes that they are paid to teach.
The larger portion of the evening
school pupils are large boys, and, from
being at work, more or less Independ
ent. They should be looked after by a
man principal, who could handle and
punish them if absolutely necessary. I
shall bring this matter up also and try
to see whether it is possible to get bet
ter material into the department."
Will Open With Exercises.
The Cogswell Polytechnic College will
open its winter term this evening in the
rooms of the institution at Twenty-sixth
and Folsom streets with appropriate ex
ercises. A programme consisting of the
following numbers will be presented: (1)
Chorus, by the school; (2) The Kitchen
Boiler, its construction, operation and be
havior. Frank Giesting, student; (3) vocal
solo, S. J. Sandy; (4i illustrated lecture,
"A Trip Around the World," Mrs. Hattie
B. Steele.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Mrs. Mary E. Fieher has commenced an
action against her husband, William J.
Flehor, for permanent support and main
tenance. Mrs. Fieher alleges that prior
to October 3 of last year her husband de
serted her, leaving herself and four minor
children without means of support. In
consequence she asks the court to compel
her husband to pay her $75 a month.
More Boats for Klona!K«-
Captain William Kidston, Pacific Coast
agent for the North American Transpor
tation and Trading Company, left for the
East last night for the purpose of pur
chasing a number of boats for the Klon
dike trade, which will include ocean lin
ers and river steamers. The company
that he represents brought down the
first and largest consignment of gold
from the Klondike.